THE LONG-BANGED ROARER. ABOUT the year 1851 the most influential man in San Antonio waa an alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to San Antonio with a fearful record. He enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or so of men, and was respected accordingly. While he was in San Antonio he did not reduce thc census at all, but that was not his fault, He had a seductive way of drawing his eightecn-inch Arkansas toothpick, and examining it critically with a sinister smile, while humbly requesting tho temporary loan of 5 dole. Thus it was that Bob went about acquiring wealth and warm personal friends, but creating no funerals. There were rumours that Bob was playing bluff, but that was after he had marched away. It was during the reign of Bob Augustine, "thc long-ranged Soarer of the Calaveras Cauon," as he familiarly called himself, that a youug man from Boston named John Winthrop, came to San Antonio, presumably io search of health, as ho brought very little with him. He was far gone in consumption, and nothing but the fact that he had but a short time to live, unless the climate of Western Texas saved him, induced him to como to San Antonio. As everybody carried a pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public decency by going unarmed. Besides, Buch a course might as seriously interfere with his restoration to health as putting on a clean shirt. His Puritan training cauBed bim to revolt at the idea of carrying firearms, so ho resorted to artifice. Ho wore a holster, but instead of keeping a pistol in it, he had his cash funds stored away in it, and nobody was tho wiser for it. On the contrary, Winthrop was looked up to by thc best citizens just thc same as if he was loaded down with deadly weapons. Of course everybody tried to make thc stranger from Massachusetts feel SB comfortable as if he was at home ; so he was told all about Bob Augustiuc, thc long ranged Bearer, at least ten times a day, and bo was advised not to bc particular in asking security for tho debt in case tho Hearer wanted to borrow a snull loan, unless ho, Winthrop, did uot wish lo regain his licillh. As might have boon expected, thc long ranged Hoarcr called on Winthrop to -collect his usual assessments on strangers. Winthrop was of thc opinion that if it would save his life and lose ail his money he would bo dning unusually well. Thc long-ranged Hearer's idea was to chase the blue-bellied Yankee around the room for a time or so, collect S."i or $10, and perhaps make some c.ir-m.irks, a la Whittaker, so he would know him in a crowd if he should meet him again. The long-ranged Roarer sauntered into Winthrop's1 room at the hotel, hat before the desperado could open bis mouth or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw back his coat, and with trembling fingers tugged at his pistol holster to got at his money to appease the wonld-bo assassin. On the other hand, as soon as the Soarer saw Winthrop trying to get out hie pistol be turned as pale as a ghost. Thc alleged desperado's fcuees knocked together, the cold sweat boilod out all over him, and he extended his hand and said, tremblingly : "Don't draw, good Mr. Yanbee ! I was only trying to fool you, My bold ArkanBaw heart beats for you, my boy. I jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Never lot any darned gal loot get the drop on you. If anybody insults you, jest tell thom that Bob Augustine the Soarer, is your friend. Winthrop, who wasmore scared, if possible, than the Roarer replied : "Oh, I'll give you what you want,"and kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through tho window, carrying off the sash, and ran down Commodore-street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howling, " Police, police 1" closely pursuod by Winthrop, who kept on tugging his holster, trying to get out his money, ho believing that the desperado was running to his room to procure a shotgun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Winthrop kept on hunting the Roarer to purchaso peace on any terms, and the Roarer had himself to avoid thc pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged Roarer of the Calaveras Canon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day for having run-off the terror of the Alamo City. 