EOHOES OF MELBOURNE. (By TY. OGHost.) The Parliamentary week, though a librt one, has been merry. Mr. Gillies 'has brought in the long-talked-of measure to abolish political proflhgacy in connec tion with our railways, and 'Mr. Service has given the British lion a bit of Aus tralia's mind anent his churlish refusal to help us to-do what we cannot achieve for ouraolves. Upon tlhis last question there was aingular amount of unanimity in the Assembly, and the resolutions submitted by the Premier would have been carried by acclamation had not Mr. M'Lellan, armed with a formidable atlas, given the House a taste of his geo gra phlical knowledge, and Mesers. Orkney and Grant boon anxious to inform their Legislative brethren that they had at somge remote period of their existence visited a numsber of the South Sea Islands, and therefore were able from personal experience to bear witness to the desirableness of annexing them. Not only, however, would Mr. Grant, could ho have his own way, annex New' Guinea and the Now Hebrides, but he would bring "every island in the Pacific not occupied by a civilised nation under British rule." If Mr. Orkney is not drawing on his imagination, this liaa, however, been to a great extent already accomplished. The veteran sailor told the Assembly that during his cruises among the Polynesian. group he in. variably, whenever a landing was effected, out her Majesty's initials on a tree, lioisted the British ensign, and gave three hearty cheers. . This is the ortho. dox fashion of annoxing all the world over.. It is recognised as the way of taking formal possession of new countries, and being so certainly gives England the rights appertaining to those who thus first assert their claim. Was not the great continent of Australia-to any nothing of Now Zealand and Tasmania taken into the Empire in this way ? In regard to the Railway Management Bill, there is hardly likely to be such, a cordial agreement among our legislators as in respect to the annexation business. The main object of the measure is to free the State lines from political control, vest their management in three paid commissioners instead of a Cabinet Minister, and in short to run them on '!strictly commercial principles." But before the bantling Mr. Gilliesintroduced to the Assembly is clothed with the force of law, drops its swaddling clothes, and leaves its " short coating" in the form of a second reading, honourable members will want a deal of information. They will especially want-to know who the two " local" commissionoers are to be. Is Mr.' Langton to be ono, or'. Mr. Woods, or Mr. Patterson, or Mr. Joseph Jones, or Mr. Leader, or any of the gentlemen who by a turn of the wheel of* political fortune have 'at some period of their career boon Ministers of Railways 1 Aye, there's the rub, and the honourable gentlemen are not likely to part with their dearly-prized privilege of patronage without a severe struggle. Will the "department trotters" consent to be snuffed out without raising their voices in wailing protest ? What will become of their sisters, their cousins, and their aunts, to say nothing of their unclesi brothers, fathers, and sons-in-law, so many of whom,if Dame Rumour be not an egregious perverter of the truth, are now doing the " Government strokeo" If the session progresses as it has begun, it bids fair to hbe one of work and not of talk. The Tramway Bill, that for six months blocked the way of all 'private business in the Assembly, has passed through the ordoal of its second reading, and will, during next week, be forwarded to the Upper House. Melbourne will no longer, therefore, in, say, six months' time be open to the reproach of being behind Sydney, and oven slow-going Adelaide, in the facility for locomotion afforded to thoe public. If the profits of Melbourne "wreckers" are always as great as those of the syndicate that purchased the stranded vessel the George Roper, there will soon be as many people in the business as there were in the good old days on the coast of Cornwall, where a ship ashore was looked upon as a special dispensation of Providence in favour of the inhabi tants. The vessel still holds her own on the Lousdalo Reef, despite thle assaults of the wind and the waves. And not only will all the cargo be got out of the vessel, but there is a very strong proba bility of the ship heorself being saved. A hull worth sone thirty thousand pounds and a cargo valued at fifty thousand, of which amount some twenty thousand is represented by steel rails that under nly circumstances will be recovered un damaged by salt water, cannot be con sidered a bad bargain for three thousand pounds. If the vessel is floated it will falsify the prophesies of the pilots, who say that no vessel that over was on the Lonsdalo Roof could by anty possibility be got off. The news of the outrage on England committed by the French at Tamatave created a profound sensation here. Nothing has boon experienced like it since the memorable discovery of the Russian designs on Melbourne made by the Age. The feeling, however, was not a "scare," but a sense of indignation. Of course France will apologise for her ill mannered oflicers. They will then be tried by a court- martial-and honourably acquitted, and the honour of the peace at-any-urice Ministry Great Britain now boasts be satisfied. Nations don't go to war so easily now a days. What is generally spoken of as "the Brighton imposition case," has ended in a fjiasco. Despite the efforts of a police magistrate, three detective officers, and two Crown prosecutors, the young girl Catherine Griffen, charged with forgiug the name of Miss Emily Mi'Ooy, has been acquitted by ajury. The cannon brought into requisition to - kill the mosqulito missed fire. Perhaps the ainm taken was designedly bad. The principal gunner, in the person of Professor M'Ooy, was absent. He did not, it is more thlan hinted, care to submit himself to the cross-examination he would have had to enduro at the hands of Mr. Purves. The non-appearance of the learned professor in the witnessbox was a sad disappoint mont to the quid nunmcs, who expected some very piquant revelations in respect to academical amsurettea. Mr. MI,'Coy was in the precincts of the court during the trial. But Ithe prosecuting counsel for the Crown mercifully dispensed with his testimony. Cas it be that such grave and reverend signors are subject to the fleshy weaknesses of common m,,rtals, and university dons, swayed by mundaneo feelings, just like other men 1 New South Wales publicans must be far more honest than tlheir Victorian brethron, the Now South WVelshmen bad judges of liquor, or those who look after the interests of the drinking portion of the neighlbouring colony somewhlat lax In the performance of their duties. For wherops fines to tie extent of thirteen hundred pounds hsave in ouo hundred and thirty cases been infllicted on our booh faces for selling adulterated grog, not a solitary prosecution has taken place dur ing the past year in New South Wales. Yet threepenny drinks are more common there than among us. Whyis this thus The question is not easy to answer, and in fact must remain onee of the many un solved problems of the day. The msention of drinks, by a somowhat facile procuss, leads the mind to the sub juect of barmaids. Tleose interestilng young persons promise ore long to occupy a largo share of public attention. The Shops Commissaion, under the presidoeny of the gallant "Major," hare been taking oei donco,.asd have discovered that niuoteen and oven twenty houers are often the period emany of tlheso "yosung lalios" are compelled by their employers to pass behind the bar. If this be so, and thore isno reason to doubt the evidence given on 'oith by the City Inspector of Mel bourne on the subject, is it to be wondered at, that- so masfy of the-olass abandon the avocation of Hobo to adopt that of Las ? In the interests of the girls themselves, in those of the inane young fops to rhrsos nonsensleal twaddle they are compelled to listen, it is to be hoped that thseplan in vogue in some of theo largest houses in Melbourne of employing only men to supply the hibu lous requirements of the public, will ere very long be universally adopted. Major Smith will indeed become a benefactor to feminine humanity should his labours and those of his colleagues eventuate in causing " barmaids" to become as rare as " mermaids " We Iave an operatic company in Mol bourne again, and "La Mancotto," "Pinafore," and sundry sther English and French specimens of opera-bouffe are to be produced at that somewhat dreary place, the Princess Theatre. Rigeold has moved to the Openra Hoeso, and Darrell takes the Royal. But theatrical matters are dull, and the bad weather has not tended to inmprove things. July 10. 