dJIutllip'S $01[ltR Dimes and Dollars. LX GREENBACK. If the toy pistol won't kill, the toy engine will. Mnnitoba has ice eleven feet thick, and they speak of it as 'the young crop.' Had Thomas Jefferson lived uutil this day he would have found a thousaud ward poll, ticimis ready to advise him to quit politics and take up something he could handle. About the time a hoy begins to apeak of his mother as tbe 'old lady' is about the time that a boot jack has a; , chance to make a great maa of him. Two- fifibt oE the people of America believe iu ghosts, another two-Qftha in dreams, and the other two-fifth take to the woods when an eclipse occurs, A Michigan boy who didn't get anything in his Christmas stocking' set the house on fire to let Santa Claus know that his meanness was duly resented. A Kansas man named Smith started out to pay all other Smiths 300 dol. each to change their names, but at the end or a week he was dead-broke and bis house surrounded by 500 expectant Smiths. A Norweijnin woman, living in Nebraska, had never seen nor heard much about bears. That's the reason she followed one with a * club the other day, and that's the reeson bruin gave her a bug that broke three ribs. The feet of Chinese girls aro no longer cramped to make them small. American shoos find a market iu China, and it has been discovered that the French heel is torture enough. An Ohio woman has ? invented ' a b'ed quilt containing 30,000 pieces, and another in' New York has collected 126,000 different kinds of buttons. The rest of the sex aro doiiitf as well under ths circumstances aB can be expected. An English explorer asserts tbat he has found the identical site of tbe Garden of Eden, but when he calls aloud for Adam to show up, Adam isn't sn the show business. It is estimated that only one man in a hun dred will mako any effort to restore a lost wallet unless it is empty of money. OE course, the man is an editor. : A Syracuse woman dreamed three times in. succession that her husbaadfell from a build ing, but on the fourthgnight he arose and threw her out of the window. The dreamt business doesn't pay. HARD TIMES. : They met by chance on the cuaer. One looked glum and the other sorrowful. ' Any work, Jim V queried the Brst ? Not a stroke, Torn. How is it with vou V ' Nothing to dp. I toll you we shall see haid times this winter.1 ' Not a doubt of it. This country is being run by capitalists and bondholders.' ' And they've got their feet on the work ingmau's neck.' ' There comes a woman now whose ostrich plume would keep me iu bread for a mouth.' 1 And there's another whose sealskin saccjuo would pay my house rent for a year,' ' Well, Well,' said the first as the woman came nearer, ' but the one with the plume is my own wife?' ' Aud the one with tho sacquo is mine !' echoed tho other. ' Let's go and have a game of billiards for the cbampague !' HE DID. He hitched around on his seat for awhile, looked out of the car window and then around at the pnssengers, nud finally touched tlie-mai* in the seat alwad of him on tho shoulder aud asked : ' lieg pardon, but do you use tobacco? ' ' Yes, sir,' was tho prompt roply of the stranger, as he turned over another leaf of his magazine and continued reading. This made it rather awkward for the man who was dying for a chew, and it was five, minutes, beforo he again leaned forward and; asked: ' Bid 1 understand you to say that you uaecU tobacco?' ' Yes, sir.' '' ' Might I ask you for a chow? ' 'You might/ , ? ino stranger cautmuea iub reading without moving a hand* and. tho other finally blurted out: -}j thought you said you used tobacco ! ' ' X do, sir,' was tho quiet rejoindor. ? I us» it to, kill vermin au. cattle !' Evo. was tho only woman who never threa tened to go and live with mamma ; and ' Adam was tha only, man who uover tantal ised bio wife abou^ 'tb,e way mother used to cook,' A traveller, reoently describing u tropical shower wrote to a friend in the followiug wox'ds : 'The rain drops wore extremely largo, varying in size from a shilling to cif;htcenpenoe.' Some one notes that no gns is used in tho gambling rooms at Monte Carlo, for the reason that years ago n band of rogues played a. shurp game there with great success. Ond of the gang turned off the gas ut' the niotor, nnd, while the room was in darkness, tho con federates grabbed what mouoy there was on the tables. Ever since' hanging lamps in whielv, oil is burned have been used. ? : 