ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY TH E GoT.] The week's proceedings in Parliament have boon most uneventful. The only littlo episode that has occurred to break the dulness of our legislative halls has been a little passage at arms between two of the very grave, reverend, and potent aiegnieurs in the ordinarily peaceable Council. Mr. Zeal accused the Minister of Justice of demeaning himself with " the insolence of office," and there was quite a " scone," until the expression was at length reluctantly withdrawn. In' the Assembly the matter would doubtless have caused no stir; but in the staid Upper House it created quite a flutter of excite ment. And when Mr. Zeal, turning on Mr. Campbell, exclaimed, "You're a member of the Young Men's Christian Association i" had the gentleman accused of this dire offence boon an Israelite born and bred, there could hardly have boon more indignation displayed. After all, there appears to be some life left in the chamber honourable gentlemen " in an other place" are accustomed to speak of as containing only " fossils." In the Assembly quiet has prevailed, and work has boon the order of the day. There would in truth have been nothing to relieve the dull monotony of the sit tings had it not been for the irrepressible Major. The senior member for Ballarat cannot evidently forget the fact that he has been overlooked by his "Liberal" friends in the Government, and cannot dis disguise his chagrin. If language be really, as the cynic asserts, given man for the purpose of disguisinin his thoughts, the honourablo ' and gallant Major most assuredly diverts thd gift to other purposes, for he lets it plainly be seen that, although he sits behind the Ministers, lie bears them no very great amount of good-will. He is in their camp, but not of them. Depend upon it, no'very long time will elapse before the honourablo gentleman quits his present position on the back benches of the Government side of the House to face his old friends and quondam allies who now support the coalition, or are members of it. Straws show, so the proverb avers, the way the wind blows, and it needs no very great amount of political prescience to be able to foretell that ore very long the Opposition side of the Assembly will not display the beggarly array of empty bencheos it now presents. The Budget discussion has boon the piece de resistance during the week. But lthere has been nothing to enliven it. Mr. Mirams has criticised it, and so have Messrs. Laurens and MI'Intyre, but their orations fell flat upon the House. These gentlemen have not the power of a Gladstone to make financial speooches models of parliamentary eloquence, and if the truth must be told, rather bored the listeners than otherwise. Thesooner the discussion is closed the better. Some other peg must be found on which to base an indictment against the Miniistry than their colourless financial policy. The'luck which is said to attach to odd numbers has not attended the man Burns on his third trial for the murder of his mate Quinlivan at Wickliffupwards of three years ago. The jury have found him guilty, and sentence of death, with out any hope of mercy, has been passed upon him. The case is a re markable one, showing on the part of Burns an amount of hardened villainy rarely met with. Evidence was given during the trial proving that at least one other victim had booen foully murdered by Burns, and the man himself only knows hows many others have been by his felon hand sent to their dread account. Fortunately for the credit of Victorian humanity wretches of the type of the man who now lies under the shadow of the gallows are not often found in our midst. After a prolonged infancy the Tramway Bill has at last weathered all the com plaints incidental to that dangerous period of things sublunary, and has been sent from the Assembly to the Council. The reproach' of being without a means of locomotion which all the other capitals of the Australian colonies-oven slow-going Adelaide-have enjoyed for some time past, now bids fair ere long to be removed. The Council are not likely to obstruct the passage of the measure. Their "Lordships" know the value of com fortable travelling too well to interpose any unnecessary delay. The Carter insolvency is suffering some queer developments. The police have succeeded in discovering some £700 worth of the jewelry so mysteriously stolen in a safe in the hotel where Hooper--who appears at different times to have been a partner, a brother-in-law, a confiding friend, and an enemy of Carter's-had been for some time past lodging. The so-much-talked-of Collins-street burglary thus turns out to have been no burglary at all. The detectives have all along sue pocted as much, and their surmises in this respect are now amply confirmed.. The proceedings will be very shortly removed from the insolvency side of the Court to the criminal one, and a case that at one time possessed some extraordinary features may torn out to be a very commonplace one after all. The purchasers of the wreck of the George Roper are making " a good thing" out of their venture, the adverse fates notwithstanding. They have hardly had a really fine day, as far as weather is con cerned, and they have had an infinity of bother with their men. Gangs of lumpers and men accustomed to "go down to the spa in ships" have hoon brought from Melbourne and Williamstown, only to strike for higher wages when they arrived at the scone of operations. Thus the calmest day was wasted, the pro. prietors of the wreck refusing to allow the intended levy of black mail. But despite those various drawbacks each original five hundred pound "syndicator" hase already netted over a thousand, and should the vessel be got off, of which there is a probability, will receive another four or fire thousand pounds. A good wrock is after all better than even a rich mine. It has besides thle advantage of being a certainty as to what is "under hatches," and you can't get on to "poor stone." If the old "Sunken Wrecks SRecovery Company" started on BalUart in its palmy days had managed to got one or two George Ropers, it would not have a come to the grief it did. Matters theatrical in the metropolis are a quiesoacent. Tihe indisposition of Mr. Woodfiold necessitated the withdrawal of " The Pirates" on Tuesday and the substi tution of "Patience." eand Mr. Knight Aston has boon engaged by the managde mont of the Princess to roplace the invalid tenor. Signor Verdi has formed a com pany to produce " logitimtate" opera at the Opera House, and Mr. George Rignold and his troupe are proceeding to Adelaide, and act for the last time at the Opera to-night. The Polks are nightly delighting large honses at the Bijou, the " Arabian Nights" having evidently hit the popular taste. Everfqno is pleased that this pretty little theatre is doiog a good business. 