WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN EXPECTED. IcC McS. mAcseK ai'C.ETHvY. Os wild Maoeh night, not many years ago, two young men walkcd rapidly through the main street of a crude' Western, settlemnent. There was little attempt at paving,.as the place seemed to be scooped. out of the solid rock which hemmed it in. The width of the street wasa serious drawback to itsdistinction. The houses on either side, slanting down from the hills behind them, dilapidated, do. tached, and with little or no attempt at archi. tecture, became more insignilicant by the long. distances which separated them and their grim surroundings. An icy wind, that grew more and more violent at nmght-fall, congealed all inclination for conversation but the younger of these.pilgrims'muttered through his chattering teeth, . " (odforsaken, beastly hole, IfMax I" " Not altogether," roplied his companion., "Look yonder, Tom I" The wind, increasing in velocity, drove be. fore it the murky clouds that had rested upon the jagged hill-tops, and all at once could be seen a hundred martial, maritime, and gro. tesque shapes clearly defined upon the sky Myriads of stars began to glow with ivonder ful brilliancy, but the younger traveller gazed longingly upon the mmor lights of the rail. road depot that shone hopefully in the dis. tanco. The wide portico of a country store loomel in sight; cheerful arrays of patent medicines with their gaudy placards adorned the windois; the battered and broken.nosed figure of an Indian maiden insured the proe sence of tobacco to: the way-worn traveller and Tom began to soften with these signs of approaching civilization. "We'll soon shake the dust of this wretched placoi from our feet, Max," hosaid. ' I've . a ...t5 r?e ersntime r imeine?overmn all day that something would hlppen hler; hbut there's the blessed old flaming eye of the cni gine at last." It all happened in a qiUarter of a minute, even as Tom spoke. A waggon came rapidly dowin.the steep cross street, the driver ivialy endeavoring, as hi saw an old woman on the crossing, to arrest the speed of his vehicle ; his beast was intelligent enouigh to'aid him in this endeavor, but the grade wasansteep, and the old woman stumbled. Max sprang for ward. just in time to lift her to her feet." As he rose.to his own the shaft of ,the wagon gave him a rough poke upon the leg, which made him wince for a moment; put he carried his light burden to the corner, whoere she struggled, down out.of his arms, saying, in the weak, tremulous quaver of aeg, "Thank yo, thank yO, young man," and hobbled away upoi her stick in ths gloomn, . The.man in, the waggon called out: "All right, boss? ,Nobody hurt, I reckon ?'' "All right-nobody hurt," echoed Max, and the waggon went rattling on. The old woman had already disappeared; the engine was belching forth laosne and steam only a few rods away. In less than five minutes Tom was filling the braol:ots over their heads in the ear with their. travelling traps, and singing softly.. " I got broke at playing poker, . : Thre of a kind." 'I'his was Tom's favorite lpman of joy. He never got beyond the one line and therefrain, but thse seemed to sufile him. Hebrokoe oft shortly, however, upon looking at hils com panion. Max was deathly pale,, a white quiver about his mouth ihad a premonition of ghastly: faintness about it. ",Hallo,.old fellow," cried Tom, 'tyou were hurt, after all:;, take i swig of this." , . i He poured some liquor down the throat, of Max' from-i2 little' brown flask, which quickly brought him round, but Tom rcmiinaed anxiousi.·,I JI S"Who?o'stho trouble, Max ?''lie said; "Only i blow on the leg," said Mar. '"I sdhouldn't ,?ohdor if there was 'ablaok and bltue spot there:as big as your hand ;but that'sn all., I'm tired' and hungry; let's cat somothinolig.' ' They ifelltoa upbn a little supier whicli' 'Tomn brough\ frdm the recesse: of his ntbyel. 'ling bag.nl 'ho! train' started on, Mlax re gained his rie 'florid Oomplexion; Presently o h'letd his ihcad' rest upon$ his board, and closed his ?yos in a light and easy slumber. Tom` drew n broath:of-relief. The train in croeased in igcedt. ';As it woent spinning east ward the vty cockloes of poor Tom's heart warmed at do thought of home. Ho pulled lup' the colla of his overcoat, extended: his feet upon tldluxorious upholstery of the sceat" 'ahead, foldedhis hat into' a pillow and was odon nminglin.hlis humble snore with'tho con. tiuous~,rttle and oceasionrol shriek of lthq rat way" tramn.'. - ll tene-mbramg-eams an inelioration of ?e cold, but it brought with it fog and mud. Tbe iina milos' rido at the close, of' th' andday, over, an 'sunoven cointry lit ah1 boring stage-coaoh, wrung sometimes iron Max an exclamation that'was nearly akin td [groan;,his leg had been a little stiff who lie got 'oil the train. Tom' thought it was o Awkward position in which he had slopt. o began now to be of the opinion that a iuc of rheumatism might be at the bottom the trouble. SWi'll givo a rub with sonic of Aunt Bin's liniment h?nwe get home," said Tom, with a soft i cation upon the last word. 'lTom wouldn't ave believed it possible he could have be so ridiculously glad to got back to stupid id Barnosvill;o ;, had been so grateful to t awayfrom it, at that time,' he haod made his mind' that, in the whole range of the S tea he could not tumble'upon a duller, mor perversely stagnant' and ex usperatibg op than the village of which his father was so roud. - It nettled him beyond endurance of he got bale from college' to ee ihis fath stand with his backlto the diningeroom ate, his' hands folded beneath his coat tail and ?old forth 'by'the hour upon the pot themes discussed in .the City Council, of ich lie was an influential mem ber. A swol hung conspicuously over the mantel-piece vhich seemedto Tom to crown the absurdit of the sceno. -The little atten tion Toni ha given to the sanguinary'ancients during his a egate course increased his con tempt for o.regiment of' home guards at Barnesville, I which his father was the colo nel, and th pprochl of Washington's birth day quioke d Tom's decision to join his friend Max sling in that venture out in the mining dis as. SWhy, 'd better stay till after the twoen ty-second,' said Aunt Em, who was busy with silke lags and rosettes at a side table. "erry's ing homeforom school on purpose, you known SYes," said the' colonel, "I thought it judicious o send for America-in-a-fact, I believe so is to personate. the Goddess of Liberty; ho is tall for her ageo,you know." Yesou, ' m know'she was taller at fourteen than n at girls at twenty. Hei was exceed inglyd dand proud of his sister, but he went To eft Barnesville without a single regret and in his heart that many a year should go by fore he should again sac the white boas and greeno blinds ,'and little front gar. dens,,nd neat palings, and slender soaplings of elms md'ash~treoa and maples that at stated distar?s marked so many miles of his father's domaih. This young lad of twenty, in the innocnne and. arrogance of youth, thought of mane a lively joust and tournament that awaitedhim yonder, whicli made the present placid srrounidings insipid beyond degree. F'ive yors had gone byand he was coming back agalt, with a lively espect for tlie flesh pots of Egipt. 'Honhad spnt all the money left him by ha dead mother, a considerable sum loaned ilnby his father,,not to mention some little saving of Aunt Em's. IHe had spent all this ononey,and was coming back for more. Yet he hadhot been given to riotous living. Heaven knei the simple fare upon which he had served, Chl rough raiment he had worn. The money Jad all gone in unfortunate ven tures in the mining districts. His friend Max had.risked 4d lost eoven more than Tom. Fortune wasT fickllojado, and had led them a sad dance,but at last she had warmod to their favoir, and now .the tide hlid tur. ned. All the now investment wanted was a littlemorecaptaland theirfortunesweremade. His father hal a clear head for business; it would be .an }nsy matter to assure him that the venture sus a safe one, and at last the future would li secured. 'Tom thought this all over as thIl jogged along .in the stage coach, and as he familiar old landmarks be. gan to sppearho put down his coat collar, brushed,bis hli with his sleeve, pulled his pantaloons down over his boots, and began to feel that he ws'Thli'qmas Jefferson Barnes, the only son of' olondl Barnes of Barnesville. His dark, thin, 1agor face grew more and more jubilant astlo fine fertile lands of the old homestead mwro passed. Acre after acro of orchard and headow and woodland were pointed out as tl property of ColonalBarnes, and. presently thaded horses began to pull up the hill to th,, big, square, newly painted mansion that oriwned its summit. A crim son flame fromn,:o setting sun burned in each window-pant, a brand-now flag floated from a now flagla-aff, and a second portico and observatory hld been added to the already fine and bcdizenedbuilding. A 'few hours lanr the older of our pilgrims found himself arnryed.in the, one extra suit' that he had wornblpon state occasions for an .incredible poriod H 'time-a sack cost and pantaloons of blue flannel; and a high mill; tLry volt; indeod; the whole appearance of .Max smacked of the martial. His askin wans broneid by expsure; 'ovan:his hair had been toned by the demonts toIsadozon difflerent shados of reddi h-brown. His shoulders were 'square, and his ig shapely head had 'a trialk of 'incininig foar upon his beard, which osomowhat dotrcoed 'fromn his' extraordinary height, but gar him, the colonel thought, a Napolobnio air f deliberation and distinction. The colonel wa positive that Max had seen some sort of 'rvieu; the stifllness in his leg was immediateob accounted for by the Irctting of an 'old wouod. Tom humored this fancy, but begged his ltther not to montion it in the prosance of his friend, an'heo was partioularly sensitive upon this point. "Modest itributes that very', commonly belong to hIroie natures," acquioseod the colonel.' He as stniding in his old attitude before tho di awing-room gratb, lis feet far apart, his hl ds beneath the tails of his coant Max was tormented by an idea that the colo. nol'elosely rd.embled a hoary slheep that had been a pensioner ipon the mining camp for many yearsnthe peculiar triangular shape of his head, which was pointed at the bottom, long and nanrow, clean shaven and bald; the exDression of the face, bland, timid, deprocn. ting, yet persistent; even the blatant tones of his voice, wlich wvent beyond Max, and reachled a small, dointily arossed, neat, and dapper gentleman, who lhadn been introduced as Mr. Fry, a prominent laIwyer in a neighboring oity, andl a candidato for the Logislature. hlax.found his feet sinking into a fine velvet carpot,, and above his head the eeilini ws fresocd in what he supposed was the prevail. ing style of the day. ?OChandollers of erystal shed rivers of light upon strikinlg plctures' In orgeous'm frames, upon thie satin, brocatello, nd enbony of the furnitureo; and even as Max's eyes rested upoe'ono of lthe heavlly be laced and upholsterod 'eindowe that lined the ,apartmdnt, it resolved itself into the door' .through which 'glided 'a tall slender girl,' with bare shoulderi, ad Midsiagnificent black'oyes that randerid the rest of her-faio'plesl by cond trast. 'er'ers 'aaid neck, arms and'finglri, Max thought,'were 'disfigured by 'chains cand rings, and 'when he'took her out to dinner, his !stiff' leg" became' awkwardly : entanigled in herlong'tmrin.' The'weather-beaten red'ln his cheeks deepened, and he did not know how much he was disconcerted until Miss America begged'of him not tohbegiri to hate her for the accident. t. ca t ~naxb0iwed'.'iith scant and stiff courtesy, and wondered how this young woman with' thebridiculous'name of America could'bo the little sister that Tom so adored. She talrled too muchli, and as if whe had known Max for years (which hho'had, in truth, throught heer brother's letters);: she' was overdressed aiid too handsome;and too conscious 'of a loveli. ness that Max never could admire i'shd was' able to stare a fellow mit of countebnsnice,a hd it was _ gry _ificult.tn.tako 'Fir"ýtlhR~thrandllof_ conventoh-fal'ehitaobt 'wlhan.?bnd'"had' been buried'in the heart of a canoi' for five' years, which, any sensible girl would know, anid hot stare, and notchatter. :: ' '' " Of the' Goddess' of Liberty style;" MMax' said, scornfully, to himself. ":He was puzzled to keep up with' the routine of the meal, which'was hot' only 'in courses, but: served' ,with too 'many silver and cut-glassc accoml. paniments for the simple eonvenieooc of M:axn Beling. The "variety of forks alone became a study to him. If America could only have known the cause of his vexation and abstrac tion, it might have saved her a deal of future trouble; she would'lhave begun, by'pitying him, perhaps despising him; but Tom had led her to form an exalted conception of his friend's character, wohich: her own extrava: gant 'imaginatlon, had completed. When poor' Max was pnuzzling over the 'peculiar shape of one of his extra forks,' America thought he was deep in some abstruse problem' in metaphysics or mining machinery; in the meanwhile the furtive and disturbed glaieces she bestowed upon him were interpreted into pity and ridicule by Max, and so these two really sympathetic and congenial natures misjudged each other. Nevertheless, each dreamed of the other all nights naturalosequence to their discomfort in each other's society. To Max it took the shape of nightmare. HIle dreamed that he was stretched upon the rack for refusing to disclose a state secret, and that the beautiful America, attired in a d6collet6 costume of alternate stripes of red, white, and blue bunting, presided at the instrument of torture.- He awoke to find that his leg was becoming the theatre of some post. live suffering. It was sore to the touch just below the knee, and the red spot which had formed there was increasing in size. In spite of every effort to the contrary he was ecompelled to relinquish his desire to walk over'the estate after breakfast, and to accept the ignominious alternative of a drive in America's pony-phno ton. He felt bigger than the pony and heavier than the phaeton, and what witn a vague un. easiness about his leg, and the presence of the lady executioner in his dream, he was in. no humour to enjoy the drivei. Hi was relieved, however, to find that America did not begin to chatter, and that she were a quiet sensible sort of suit buttoned up to the throat, with list of" some neutral color to match. - Iler hair was brushed back and caught' in a simple knot in her neck, so that, as she drove;. Max could readily admire the exquisite prbportlions ofl her' head. Tho morning wan line sd brczy; Ithe pony, seemingly undisturbed by his extra load trotted hecoringly along, sliaking his shaggy mane, and making a merry rattlo with his hoofs on the excellently conditioned road. The village was left speedily behind and they soon entered a woodland path where in the nude branches of the trees premature and amatory son"sters wers already prospecting for nests. The moss about the old gnarled roots looked fresh and green andin a sheltered nook Max pointed out to America the first vioe. lets of the season. - She throw him the reins, and, as she came back to Max and gave the frail blossoms to lis keeping, lie began to thaw with the rest of nature, and to talk in a way that was new to Animrica, but delightful. At first she thought he was trying to suit himself to subjects that she could understand, his dis. course was so simple and natural; but she soon gave up conjecturing, and yielding her-' self to the enjoyment of the hour, became as natural and as simple as himself. In' this' way they grew to understand each other before many miles had been trotted over,' and Max now fully at his ease and with a strange sense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, even went so far as to tell her of his dream of the night before.: "I assure you, Miss Barnes," hle said, Syou' really did give an extra screw to the torture with your own hands. I can feel it in this miserable joint of mine' yet." She looked upon Max with an'expression of such sweet compassion that he hastened to add; " I'm glad of the extra wrench that disabled me, for otherwise I should have been trudging over bald and boggy fields with your father and Tom, instead of exploring this exquisite bit of woodland with you." "It is strange, but I also dreamed of you," said America, gravely. " Oh, did you, indeed ? Well, be as frank as I was, and tell me of your dream." " It was too ridiculous," said America; and Max sawi the color creep into her clear pale cheek. To his confusion, he felt lis own. be. ginning to tingle. " Could it have been more ridiculous than mine?" he said gently. " In another way," she replied. " I dreamed that youreseued me fromsomethingliorrible." Here she blushed deeper, and paused.' " A dragon?" said Max, with ill.eoncealeed curiosity. ' And she replied that it was not a dragon; and by that time they were trotting up the avenue of poplars;'and soon' Max saw her disappear up theo:'broad' staircase. Tom was "eonasng down.' Max 'e"iaW' that lho was pale and disturbed. "I must have a talk vith you,"' said.Tom : "let's take a turn. about the grounds." Then, noticing that Max limped painfully, "The. devil I' he exclaimed; "that's an: other confounded nuisance that must be seen to at once.'' Then he took Max's arm, and helped him up the stairs to the guest- chamber he had slept in the night before.. Tom shut and barred tihe door, and coming close to hid' friend, who had thrown himself with an air of exhaustion into an arm-chair, he said, in a' tonoof suppressed wrath and disappointment : ";There's no hope here, Max-nothing but a hodge-podgo of ruin' and desolation.' My father is next door to a begger.!" i Max bore this news'with resignation. He had been thinking whilelimping tip the stairs that all that spoiled America was the natural mretricious eonsequence of being rich. "I spoke to my father,". continued Tom, "right after breakfast, determining to have the thing settled at once, and he confessed to me that it is merely hanging on by a thread so far as hd is' cqncerned-that everything is mortgaged to the hub, and the depreciation in real estate has made most of the mortgages fairly cover tie property. Itis only the peuhlar nd lucky relation that this little shtrper of a Fry holds to the family that saves everything from going to the hammer. 'Fry holds all the mortgages, and is lenient about the interest, as well he may be. le's got some money himself, arid has the handling of'x quantity more through a rich old grandmother out WVest. When Ihe marries Merry, tlisa whole property will come into his hands." '"When ie what ?'!" aid iMax, suddenly leaping out of asortof lethargy that had crept aver him., A "\Yheon hi mariles America, my sister," said Tom. "'"!Fortunately for my father he hasi 'h$aughiterbiiautiful and wise enough" to keepli theievolfl't'bay. "It's a lucky thing foi /Merry abe's snot the hind of girl.to hobnob withli poverty. : She'll, sec to my father' and Aiunt mni " As forinie, the pink and' pan of a minr-.. But what i .thunder hoy I Man, "Mdx wa?isb'kingiind chattering in 'a con. geotii'"ehill ; his face was Iri?'li his nails purple. Tom got hid friend to bed, and sent for a doctor at once. s Man scrambled out of thechlill into a fever. * ' Some trouble' withl th 'bori," said the di6tor. 'Briingsabout a nasty complication soiiietimes. Keep thlio patient 'quit just Whin h was easier rceommonded'thin'done. MIax teised aind' tumbled and talked 'wildly, sad;dsitlia''udnisteoosoary form of patorietism Torn thouglht, about America and the Gdddess of Liberty:' , he.' . i . o w 'hipee ".'"I'll '"ave'hr, Toin," ;:w hisp ed.IafsL' J'Ull. dsa hr It -I 'dil for 'ti'?I did' once, you know'., ', ' . .'.: ;: ., . ' '" " : ' Sveo who, my poor Plan.?" said Tom.., ''" Why' the Goddesis, you knhbow-the ,God. -desii of Libertly Sho's turning, the screws again in .that aceuured rack, bet "she don't !know it;" Wh'iould have believed she could have been so siiple and. womanly and sweet ? -as fiesh and poure, before Heaven, Toms, as the violets she hold in her hand. I hated her by gas-light in her low 'dress, with all those geowgaws about'hor." Tom saw that his'sister's face was red and pale by tdrns.' !' Perhaps you'd better go 'out of the rdom, Merry,"' he said. " God only knows whlat fancies beset his brain." Merry thought sho kdiew; sel fancied she couild tell of i certain Venetiari vase thit held the very violets hfax raved about. The violets in the Venetian vase were dead; others had takeri their place;' March ripened into April, and April was fast verging to May, and still poor Mfax was a prisoner in that fine 'luxurious upper chamber in. the colonel's house it Barnesville. His leg' had all this time been under treatment,,an'd the doctor thodtglt it possible by' a series of lirobings and applications to effect .a temnnorary cure. " Th'e core of the disease will prebably remain for allongerperiod," said the physician," but the physique of the patient will bring him roun avhen he can get air and exreiseo." " Max's fine physique, however, began to be rather against him than in his favor. Thb doetdr leaned to the opinion thiat heo ould prefer a more sanguine temperament. In the ineanwhile the most;,of Miss America's time was spent in the vicinity of thd'sick-ehambhe. A wonderful aptitude as a nurse'had developed itself in this versatile young woman, and she had even shown a rare ability in concocting broths and dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As usual, she devoted Ihdrself to this noew hobby with enthusiasm. " She gives her whole heart to everything she undertakes," said the colonel, apole. gotically, to a visitor who had called several times and found it impossible to sen the daughter of the house; " but this mania will spend itself like all tho rest, and then she won't want to hear of a sick person for a twelvemonth." The colonel's auditor smiled complacently, and began to talk of other things. Although there was something amounting to a betrothal between'himself and the lady in question, his mind also was preocoupied and absorbed. An unlook'ed for complication had arisen in his own -affairs." His grandmother had altered her will, and left more than two.thirds of her property in a way. that might occasion Anr. Fry considerable trouble. He was compelled to go out and see the old lady, and had called to bid Merry a brief'farewell. Under these circumstances the young woman consented to come down. She left the hot hand of Max and his eager,'devouring eyes, for the cool; clammy 'Ilm and the foxy'gaze.o her pro. rised husband. Merry found, as they stood together, that ?he rehly was a ha head taller than Mr. Fry, as-?lfax had once laugh. ingly told her. She looked down upon the dapper little' man: with 'grave courtesy, and lefther hand in his own; buit'he saw that her manner was constrdined and' her attention wandering. - "I won't keep you from your studies, America," 'i said; "I'm in somewhat of a hurry myself ; I must'catoh the noon train." Then he wvent on to tell her that lis interests with his grandmother 'were seriously threat. ened, and his presence wvas necessary out there for a short period; that le would write, and' he hoped she would find time to reply. America promisedshbq would write, and began for the first time since their engagement to find it absolutely repugnant to her to haveohis thin, lips touci her own.. He was' ordinarily a cold, unimpissioned wooor, and was not a whit warmer now than' usual; but custom required that.h 'should hiss her good-bye. America yielded to the brief caress, but it wat only when hae was well '.out on the portico, with his hat on, and barely time to catch the train, that her manner warnned to the occa. sion or the impatient crimson abated in her cheeks. 'On her way back to Mlax's chamber she stop'ed in liher own, and laved her face, her lips,! and washed well her hands. She met the dootor in the corridor, and behind him wan evidently' another professional gontleman.. .They both walked gravoly. and silently down the stairs to the lower hall, whore the 'colonel was pacing to and fro, his hands beneatlihis coat tails. S! Ahem I "(coughed the colonel, synlpathet: ically. " What:is the ultimatum ?" "Just as I said," replied the family physi. clan : an amputation is necessary to save the patient's life ; lut 'he' objects-stronuously and violently refuses."' Merry ran up the stalas without iwaiting 'to hear more and fdund her brother Tom sitting by the bedside, his face buried in his hands. - "Hero is your sister, Toid," said Man, with a warning inflectioh in his voice, and holding out his hand to the young girl with his usual cheery smile. ; You needn't try to conceal anything from me,'" she said. "I know 'all ~boit it; I am studying medicine and surgery, aid mean to be a physiciani. :Now that tho:worst has come, we can meet it bravely. You'll' get well and strong, and be yourself again\ Max; and, after all, an old soldier surely don'tmind the loss of a leg." \ " Then Tom, seeing a look of disstres, in lMax's face, 'told Merry for the first time ef thu resuon of the old woman. " If, she had been young; or even pretty,' groaned Tom ; ' but she was a veritable witch--there was something uncanny in her' whole appearance, and no doubt she hold an ihnfectious curso about her. 'Her old bones might better have been ground to powder than to hlavoi'broiglht all this about, for she hadn't long to live in any caso; but Max was always'reckless." "You'd .have done tbhe same thing," said anx, "if I had not anticipated you." "Iwish I had," cried Tome-"I wish to heaven it was I that had to choose between my leaand my life; the log would go mighty "Your leg ile of lesasmonsequonoe to Lyou, Ier. haps, and your life more," said Max. "The one would bb useless to me without theb other, and both are of little account. You know, Tom, that I haven't a relative or friend out side of yourself." Hero Tom saw that his sisterehad reached the door, and was beokoning him out of the "Yon must got upon shorse," ashe said, when the door was closed upon thei sick.chamber, and go down to the city, and bring those deo tors back wvith you bfore night. The opera. tlion must boperformed atbonce; oand tell themi to get more doctors ii necessary-to spare no expense. I've-I'vo got money of mamma's you know, Tom," she stammered, gently that dear mamma left me for my own." Tom nodded. That money of their dead mother's was bound togo in some way. .,on;j '1 But' Maiahas hot conseited,"' said Tom. "It doaen't matter,"' said Merry; "It mnust be done. He'll knbw iothing about it till all is over. Do you go after the doct~rs, and I'll se tlo the 'irst." It seoined to Tomithat tlie remaining hours of that day went bylike a queer, awfuloldream. Ho remembered bringing the doetors stealthily in, and.becoming conscious of a faint odor -sickening," sweet, overpowering-that filled the roomlimmediately afterward, of holding his sister tight' in his arms in the adjoining chamber while something terrible was going on inside there; and during anoagonizing ten sion of his nerves, later on, hearing a terrible dry burstfrom the lis of poor Max. ,... ý :" Gracious -God I'.' ho b groanedd, whose w'eorktwiassthis.? ,,";-.:::=. " Minoil' lsaid MMrry.: "Did you think I ?ould let you die?'= ,' ' It would have taken a stronger man than Max to have turried away from that beautiful, eariest, pallid face now caressingly cloaseto hin own. Toni'looked on in speechless and rant dismay, remembering his father's perilous plight. ::' Max remained dazed ana bewildered, but after that eirst outcry made no complaint. The operation was eminently successful. The doctors rubbed their hands over it, and eulo; gized the system, the patient, each other, everythingand everybody concerned. A speedy convalescence and radical riddance of the whole disorder was" prophesied. But days went by-weeks-a month' anddmore and still Max lay under the silken canopy, his face as waxen and weak-veined as that of a sick in. fant, his eyes unnaturally bright and'hollow, his hands feverish, and his whole aspect fit to strike terror to. the hearts that remained steadfastly but despairingly fond. "Life is sweet, Tom," Max said one day. " I never thought'it could hold so much happi ness; but you see, I can't, I'must not live-it would be too cowardly; there's no other way out of it but to die. Would you see your in comparable sister tied for life to a pauper and a cripple-the wife of a one-legged flag.man at a railway crossing, or accompanyieighse efforts with a hurdy-gurdy upon a tambourine? Then remember the desperate condition of your fatiher. My good Tom, it is a hopeless case." It was along speech for poor Max: Great beads started out on his forehead, and his voice had sunk to a whisper before he was half through with it. But it told the whole story. "We might take Merry's money into con sideration," said Tom, then paused, remember-" ing the insufficient quantity there was to take. Tom phlinged his hands deeper into his hair, and wished there was a bank somewhere ad jacent and he was an A 1 tip.top burglar with an elastic conscience. He felt positive that only a few thousahd dollars would develop the mine to such an extent that another leg would be a superfluity to Max. One magnificent morning in June, Nature was at her happiest, at her bost. The long windows of Max's chamber were opened to the full; the branches of the sycamores tem pered the rays, of the sun and subdued the frolic of the breeze.. A celestial silence reigned in the garden below, where the tulips blazed, the pinks oiexhaled spicy odors, stiff parterres of blossoms were made wanton by bees and butterflies, and pale phantoms of statues were robed and relieved by a prodigality of reflected color and shade ; the birds sang, the bees hum med, all in an undeor.tno of dreamy delight. But the pale lips of Max broke into an old rhyme that somewhat marred the voluptuous ease of the moment: Oh, to think my name is 'rossed . From duty's muster-roll That 1 may slumber through the clarion call, And live tio joy of as embodied soul, Free as a liberated ghost I Oh, to feel a life of deed Was emptied out to feed That tire of pain that burned so brief a while That fir from wsich I come as thi dead come Fortl from the irreparable tomb I" Two human beings in the next room looked at eash other' in speechless ; dismay. Tom shook his head, and lot it fall, with a gesture of doespair, upon his hahd again;' and Merry, to control her nerves picked up a paper that had lain upon the table since the previous day. A sealed letter; addressed by the same hand, had remained there even 'longer.·. They wore both from the Western town.where Mr. Fry was still sojourning. His grandmother haddied in the interim, which palliative calam ity threatened further complications anda Ion. gcr delay. Merry opened the paper and read it with her eyes alone; the nerve that connect. ed the organ of vision with her brain was dor mant and paralyzed. The advertisements, being inlargery print, she readfirst. Presently her eyes fell upon the following ; "If tile tall, brown.whiskered gentleman who, on the evening of the 18th of March, near the depot at -, rescued an old lady from being run over, and immediately after ward, with his companion, took the train east ward, will communicate with M. K. Fry, so licitor, he will hear of something greatly to his advantage.". Merry read this over soveral, times, some. times repeating theb words half aloud to get their moeaning, her eyes gradually gaining in. telligenco aod expression. Then she' turned to the neglected letter and broke the seal. Her hands trembled, and her lips parted eager ly. She drifted over the letter till she reached the following passage: " And this, dear Ameri ca; is the story the absurd old lady told: that while crossing the street she stumbled, and a waggon rattling down the hill would have in ovitably gone over her had it not been for this tall deliverer; wlo seized lier in his arms and carried her to the corner; that he was himself__ struck by the pole of the waggon, but appar. enlly unhurt, tookthe castwardtrain. And to his mythical knight," added Mr. Fry, "my grandmother has left one-half her money and her share in the mine. The money alone will amountto sixty tlousand'dollars. But I doubt if hae can be found very soon, and in the mean while I am the executor and administrator of the estate." fMIrry's eyes had dilated to an enormous extent; a crimson flame burned in her cheek. The letter and newspaper she clutched in her hand, and striding over to Tom, touched him upon the shaoulder.. Tom looked up and was startled to find this magnificent face glating down upon him. Merry thrust the paper into his hand, and pointed to the solicitor's advertisement. Tom read, and the paper be. gan to rattle in his fingers. Then Merry pushed the open letter upon the paper, and pointed to the interesting paragraph. Tom road, and his face grow pale as ashes. He shotly arose to his feet, to the ends of his toes; and lilting the letter above his head, went pirouetting around the rooman, singing in an effective undertone this touching retrami : "I got broke a t playinpoker, . Threm of a khsd I" This pewerful tonic had to be administered to Max m small doses; but we must refer the reader for the sequel to this storyto an issue of the Barnesvillo Chronicle some months' lateor on. It was a lengthy bit of eloquence, but the pith of it monsisted in the inferma tion that the bridal exeursion of the happy pair-which was in rather.a barren directlon for a oonvaleseant, however-included a sug. gestive visit to a prosperous mine, and that the sole party who aecompanied them was "our apteemed fellow-townsman Thomas iJefersol Barnes,'Eq thbrother of the bride," --1arper's 1WeeklU*, 