Ecclesiastic. A Letter for Sunday on the Study of the Book of Genesis, and Certain other Practical Matters. The following is part of a letter addressed to the editor of the Echo and published in last Saturday's issue of that journal. The portion omitted was a reply to the Rev. E. C. Spicer : — Now 1 have undertaken in this letter to deal with certain questions relating to the first book in this manifold volume, and I am heartily glad that at length I shall find myself no longer in special conflict with what often passes for orthodoxy among Christians, but face to face with those more or less dogmatic systems of negation, which have assumed to themselves the name of " freethought;" although why a man should cease to be a free thinker, in the proper sense of the words, when he begins to think Christianity, is a problem which I have not as yet been able to solve. It may be convenient for me to say that the three sections following are in the main dis tinct; so that, if any reader prefers biography to philo sophy, he can pass at once to II., while III. may perhaps possess some interest for those who regard these questions from the special point of view of a citizen of Sydney living in the ear 1883. I. Is the account given in the book of Genesis of the origin of the material universe contradicted by science or not? We have often been told that science knows no beginning; but neither does she know an endless regress. This then is one of those points on which, if it is practically important for us to know the truth, we should naturally ex- pect to be enlighted by revelation. ' In the beginning God created.'' In my first letter I was led to notice Mr. Inger- soll's objection to the idea of creation, on the ground that ' nothing was a very bad raw material,' and tried to show that the 'nothing'' of which he spoke was in truth the power of the Almighty, and that we might philosophically describe creation as the putting forth of this Divine power into act. Perhaps I need not go over that ground again. But the Biblical account contains more than this statement, and in dealing with it I find it needful to draw a certain broad distinction, and this I must do even at the risk of being accused of 'honey- combing' and ' whittling.' If I use quotation here rather largely, yon must please to understand that desire to defend myself behind more ample shields than mine. Thus, for example, in speaking of the difficulty of identifying the creative days with corresponding geological epochs, so learned and orthodox a divine as the present Dean of Peterborough writes : — ' What we ought to maintain is that no reconciliation is necessary. It is certain that the author of the first chapter of Genesis, whether Moses or some one else, knew nothing of geology or astronomy. It is certain that he made use of phraseology concerning physical facts in accordance with the limited range of information which he possessed. It is also certain that the Bible was never intended to reveal to us knowledge of which our own faculties rightly used could put ns in possession. And we have no business, therefore, to expect anything but popular language in the description of physical phenomena. Thus, for instance, when it is said that by means of the firmament God divided the waters which were above from those which were beneath, we admit the fact without admitting the implied explana tion. The Hebrew supposed that there existed vast reser voirs above him corresponding to the ' waters under the earth.' We know that by certain natural processes the rain descends from the clouds. But the fact remains the same that there arc waters above as well as below.' Do I hear Verbal exclaiming : ' The traitor is whittling the whole thing away! It sounds very much as if ' the firmament ' itself were being sacrificed.' Is Critical congratulating himself : ' There, that is all I want—' nothing of geology or astronomy ' popular language '— ' what the Hebrews supposed.' I must make a note of these points. They will come in admirably next Sunday evening.' Judge not so hastily, oh my brothers ! The same writer asserts that ' it may be safely said that modern discoveries are in no way opposed to the great outlines of the Mosaic cosmopony.' And further, after a brief review of the cos mogonies of the heathen world, he mentions certain par ticulars in which he considers that the superiority of the Hebrew account can hardly be called in question. To three of these particulars I shall devote a little further exposition, for which the Dean is in no wise responsible. 'First, the Hebrew story alone clearly acknowledges the personality and unity of God.' Let it at once be acknow ledged that herein it goes beyond physical science. But where physical science knows nothing, it is quite obvious that it is powerless to deny, indeed we may well ask, What kind of a God would that be, the mystery of whose Being could be detected in the retort of the chemist, or laid bare by the scalpel of the anatomist? There are, however, certain mental facts which may lead ub to re gard this portion of the creed of the Hebrew as a reasonable ' article of faith.' It is only possible to refer to some of these in a very condensed form : (1) Our mental love of unity, which is witnessed in the desire to resolve effects into their causes, affords a presumption in favour of the existence of one great first cause, which our physios cannot reach ; (2) ' Man is not an organism — he is an in telligence' served by organs.' It is, then, probable, from the analogy of the little world of human nature, that mind was prior to matter in the great world of the universe ; and that, in this sense, man was created ' in the image of God.' (3) Man recognises a law of duty, a law of right action. It is true that his notions of what duty and right action are have varied from age to age, and do vary from land to land. This does not detract from the value of the fact that he acknowledges within him a law which commands. Thus he is led upward to the thought of a moral governor, whose name is Holy. (4.) ' In the present system of things we find no being endowed with any faculties without there being also provided a proper field for their exercise, aud a necessity imposed upon that being of using those facul ties.' Now universal history proves that there is in man a feeling of reverence— an instinct of worship, which is wit nessed to by the institution of sacrifice and by the practicoa of prayer and praise. May we not infer that there is a worthy object of this worship — even the blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords -if only we could find Him, or He wonld reveal Himself to us ? If we may not, there is a being endowed with a useless faculty, which is, I believe, regarded as a scientifically untenable position. If the reader will only be at the trouble of putting together these mental facts, and see ing to what result they lead him, I do not think that He will hastily cast aside' that which ie the first article both of the Hebrew and of the Christian faith. Sure I am that if he is a thoughtful man he will not allow himself to be laughed out of it by such objections as were recently raised at the Protestant Hall. Is it anything better than trifling to manufacture a scientific difficulty out of such an expression as 'the open ing of the windows of heaven ? ' ' Secondly. In the Mosaic cosmogony only do we find recognised a distinct act of creation, by creation being understood the calling into existence out of nothing the whole material universe.' For illustration of this point I may be allowed again to refer the reader to Mr. Ingersoll's ' Raw Material,' with critical notes. " Thirdly. There is here only a clear intimation of that law of progress which we find everywhere observed. The order of creation as given in Genesis is the gradual progress of all things from the lowest and least perfect to tbe highest and most completely developed forms.' Now, whether this order is established by science or not, let scientists say. And let not the ' Freethinker ' think to put us off with phrases about development and natural selection. These are but names of laws or processes at the best, but they are not names of powers. How came they into operation ? By speaking of them as if they were persons— development has done this, and natural selection has done that— the point may be evaded. But we must sooner or later face the question : Whence came they? Suppose what is popularly known as Darwinism were scientifically established, it would not prove that material nature originated itself. ' If,' writes the Bishop of Carlyle, in his essay on the 'Gradual Development of Revelation,' 'I accept the hypothesis of the nebular origin of planetary systems, or the supposition of the earth being a fluid globe gradually cooled, or even the assertion that our most ancient progenitors were marine animals, I must do so with the underlying assumption that it has pleased God so to work.' The following passage from the same essay so admirably illustrates the scientific difficulties that might have been, but are not, that I cannot forbear quoting it: ' We are so , accustomed to the first chapter of Genesis that I think we sometimes scarcely perceive its peculiarities ; but suppose that the reverse' order of arrangement had been adopted, and that man in deference to his dignify had been represented as coming in first, and that other creatures had been represented as being made afterwards for his use and pleasure, would not this have made a radical change, and introduced an enor- mous scientific difficulty ?' It would be easy to expand many of the points touched upon above to almost any length. I do not profess to write about these things as one who is specially versed in ancient lore or abreast with the latest speculations ot modern science, but simply as one who reads a good deal, aud tries to put this ana that together. Possibly some critics may detect weak points here and there ; but I am quite content if I have brought together in a fairly intelligible form sufficient material to show that physical discoveries have not made the ' idea of creation philosophically unnecessary, and that in the supposed battle between Science and Genesis, Genesis has not been driven out of the field. But after all is there a battle? If in the discussion of this subject I have in any way unnecessarily ' embarked my credit in expositions of Scriptures in matters which appertain to natural science,' I beg to withdraw that passage with sincere regret that I should have adopted a course of proceeding so unwise. II. Alas ! ' The calm of Bishopscourt ' has been dis turbed; and I was obliged to go down to Newcastle last night,in order to expedite, if possible, the building of that cathedral to whose slow progress attention has already oeen drawn in your columns. Under these circumstances . compelled to ask voa to allow me to fill in this section in one more ' Letter for Sunday.' It does not appear to me that ' Freethought ' has so far proved itself very strong either is the solution of philosophical problems or in the appreciation of poetic diction. But I wish to give it every chance of justifying itself, and I intend to compare its method of dealing with the analysis of human character and the inter pretation of human life with that adopted by rational Christianity. A certain biography contained in the book of Genesis will be my subject, and sundry volumes of essays and lectures which I have lately been consulting will furnish abundant materud for the comparison. The topic is too important to be treated hurriedly, and with your editorial permission I will pass at once to III., which shall treat of certain present- day affairs. Among the readers of the Echo there are, doubtless, many callings and pursuits representing science, philosophy, literature, &c.; I crave just now the attention of those, to whatever profession they may belong, who consider them selves ' practical men.' No one who has read the reports of the recent debate, and letters which have arisen from it, can doubt for one moment that tbe real question at issue is the truth and the worth of Christianity.' We are far more concerned about that than we are about the conoeption of the firmament that was thought scientific by the Hebrews in the times of old. Now it so happens that by the aid of your journal, and from other sources, I am in a position to say how four men who present themselves before their neighbours in the capacity of teachers spent or proposed to spend some portion of last Sunday. These four men fall naturally into pairs, the principle of division adopted being that which is supplied by their denial or acknowledgment of ' the truth and the worth of Christianity.' What name to apply to the first pair I do not quite mow. The term Infidel is sometimes regarded as an opprobrious epithet, and I accordingly avoid it. When I describe a certain platform as that of 'Freethought,' you will, I trust, observe that I always use inverted commas, by way of protest, for one of the freest thinkers and most devout Christians that I ever knew taught me the desirability of this : ' That the freest thought,' wrote Frederic Maurice, ' should be supposed to be atheistical thought ; that it should be the habit of our time to identify one with the other; that the most religious people should adopt the opinion, and take every opportunity of endorsing it. This appears to me the most frightful example of theological indistinctness which can be imagined. And if we use the term ' Freethinkers ' as the name of a particular sect, it too, like the term infidel, has its un- pleasant associations ; as when Thackeray accounts thus for the late arrival of one of his characters to keep an engagement in a certain churchyard : — ' For, to say the truth, being a freethinker, he had the most firm belief in ghosts and demons, and did not care to pass a churchyard alone.' The term sceptic is not appropriate, for it properly means ' an inquirer and these gentlemen appear to have completed their inquiries so far as theology is concerned, and to have reached an intellectual elevation which may not inaptly be described in a sentence which I once heard in a rather unhappy extempore sermon : ' The question is, What is truth ?- and the answer is, No.' Besides Greek scholars tell me ' that the word ' sceptic ' is derived from a Greek word which means ' to look ' or ' to see,' and that it is the same word which forms the root of the word 'bishop' or 'overseer;' ' and perhaps iny first pair would perfer not to be associated with episco pacy, even by the etymology of their denominational title. It would appear, too, that even ' Freethought ' has its rival orthodoxies, and that its synod — like another conclave memorable in the Church history of Sydney— has found it desirable to adjourn. Despairing of a comprehensive and appropriate name, I will give the place of honour to the first pair, and call them A1 and A2. My second pair may be more briefly described. Ab holding offi e in a Christian church, they are liable to be held up to popular scorn and contempt by the other two gentlemen for their hierarchical pretensions, their superstitious ways of thinking, and other enormities too numerous to mention. They are— I almost tremble as I write the words — two bishops. For my present purpose they shall be B1 and B2. How then did these four men use their opportunities of influencing their generation last Sunday ? There is no question now of the Mosaic cosmogony and of the creative days. I mean last Sunday, June 10, 1883. A1 announced in last Saturday's papers that he would deliver a lecture on the following (Sunday evening on SUTHERLAND and SULPHUR, or The "RELIGION' of REV. GEORGE SUTHERLAND. Who Mr. Sutherland is, I do not know. From certain extracts from his writings which I have seen I should con clude that he was a man thoroughly in earnest in his efforts to promote righteousness, who uses expressions in describ ing the future state of the impenitent which would be repudiated by thousands of men who believe as sincerely as he does in 'the truth and the worth of Christianity.' Al, if he is the student that I take him to be, must know this as well as I do. Are the views of Mr. Sutherland the highest, noblest, worthiest topic that can be found in the whole range of history and poetry for a 'Sunday Lecture for Rationalists ?' Are science and philosophy such miser- ably meagre substitutes for the Bible as this ? Was the game worth the gas which illuminated the Gaiety Theatre on the oocasion? Can this be the method by which Free- thought proposes to hasten the consummation which Tennyson has described for us in his appeal to the Christmas bells of our Fatherland? Ring out old shapes of foul disease ; Ring out tbe narrowing lust of gold ; Ring out the thousand wars of old, Ring in the thousand years of peace. Ring in the valiant man and free, The larger heart, tbe kindlier hand ; Ring out the darkness of the land, Ring in —— But, like Verbal and Critical in dealing with the Dean of Peterborough, I am going too fast; for, in truth, I do not know what A1 wishes to ring in. The only thing that is clear at present is that he wishes to ring out the Bible. But what does he wish to ring in? Sydney, Newcastle, Maitland— and, no doubt, Goulburn and Bathurst — are all asking, What? And echo answers, What? True to its name, your own particular Echo has answered, What ? We are all asking, What ? And Al cruelly leaves us in this terrible state of suspense, and announces that he will deliver a lecture on ' Sutherland and Sulphur !' A2 introduces us to an author who is more widely known than Mr. Sutherland. He announced as the subject of his Sunday evening lectures : ATHEISM OR CHRISTIANITY? Can Lane save his Bacon. I suppose that the first title was intended to attract the science and philosophy ; the second, the wit and humour, of our colonial metropolis. Here is the text of this dis course:— Atheism leaves to man reason, philosophy, natural piety, laws, reputation, and everything that can serve to conduct him to virtue ; but superstition destroys all these, and erects itself into tyranny over the understandings of men. — Bacon. Some years ago I was more in the habit of studying Lord Bacon's writings than I am now, but I was at the trouble of hunting out this quotation. If any Sydney readers and hearers inferred from this passage that the great master of inductive philosophy had de liberately given his decision for Atheism and against Christianity, they made a very serious mistake. What would they think of the reasoning of a schoolgirl who, after reading the first paragraph of this long letter, should write to a friend in Melbourne : — ' They have got such an extraordinary bishop at Newcastle. He wrote to the paper the other day to say that he much preferred going to the theatre to going to church!' The logic in the two cases would be about equally good. But I know from experience the difficulty there is sometimes in finding just the text one wants; and if A2 really wishes to enlighten his congre gation on Lotd Bacon's views upon Atheism I can perhaps help him, and shall be glad to hear from time to time how he gets on. Here is a supply that will last him till the middle of next month: — June 17. I had rather believe all the fables in the legend and the Talmud and the Alcoran than that this universal frame is without a mind, —Bacon. Juke 24. | A little philosophy inclineth men's minds to Atheism, but depth - in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion.— Bacon. Jl'LY 1. They that deny a God destroy a man's nobility ; for certainly man is of kin to the beasts by his body ; and it he be not of kin to . God by his spirit, he is a base and ignoble creature. It destroys likewise magnanimity and the raising human nature. — Bacon. Jult 8. Man, nben he resteth and assureth himself upon divine pro tection and favour, gathereth a force and faith which human nature in itself could not obtain; therefore, as Atheism is in all respects hateful, so in this, that it depriveth human nature of the means to exalt itself above human frailty.— Bacon. July 15. There is a superstition in avoiding superstition when men think to do best if they go fartherc from the superstition formerly received; therefore care should be had that (as it fareth in ill purgings) the good be not taken away with the bad.— Bacon. May, I, like a stripling who ventures to wear the annour of a giant, presume to adopt A 2's own elegant phraseo logy ? If he will continue to take the texts of hie lay ser mons from Lord Bacon's Essays, he will find it very hard work to have his own particular 'Bacon.' I have done for the present with A2. B1 is not a resident in Sydney, but last Sunday he ad dressed the congregation assembled in St Andrew's Cathe dral on the special work to which he is devoting his life. This lies in a group of islands not very far from our own shores. He superintends a band of more or less earnest workers, who are trying to introduce the blessings of Christian civilisation 'among the natives. I have be fore me the report of this mission for 1882. The record tells of sundry disappointments and dis couragements ; but it also gives many bright glimpses of hopeful work. At one place the first native deacon was ordained last year in a neat church which the people themselves had built. At another a new school had been started, which ought to be a success, for the people were anxious to have a teacher and a school in their mias t We are told that one worker, after more than 16 years' con tinuous and gratuitous service, is going home to put into shape the results of his researches into the dialects of Melanesia, and that he carries with him the love of all those with whom and for whom he has worked. Another of these workers, after a long absence through very serious illness, was at length enabled to resume his work, was warmly welcomed by the people, and in a short time had effected a great change in their appearance and behaviour. In a paper which B 1 himself contributes to the report, there are several very striking passages. Here are three short specimens : — ' What has the heathen to help him to rise above his passion and to conquer himself ? What has he to teach him to deny him self and to live for others ? What has the ' savage ' to make him less savage ? What example has he ? What hope has he ? None. In the simple but awful language of St. Paul, he is without God in the world.' ' Men talk glibly enough of morality without godliness, but they cannot imagine the state of things which such a phrase implies.' ' That which comes home more and more to the missionary's heart is the awful dearth ot spiritual and mental aid— of all that tends to raise man in the social scale, and to ennoble his life,' It appears that B 1 thinks that it is the duty of the Christian Church in Australia to assist in the work in which he and his fellow-labourers are engaged. As I have reason to believe that he proposes to address a public meeting in Sydney, on this subject, on Monday evening, I need not give further particulars. No doubt time and place will be duly announced. I hope that he will have as large an audience as assembled to hear the great debate. B 2 has no such claims on your readers' attention as any of the three teachers aforesaid. Although he has written several letters and advertisements for newspapers, I do not think that he ever achieved such a triumph of allitera tion as did the proud author of ' Sutherland and Sulphur.' He does not even take his texts from Lord Bacon's Essays, moral, economical, and political. Neither is there anything of the heroic element in his work ae in that of B 1. But he also is an officer in a society which has for its aim ' the pro motion of what is commonly called goodness,' and pro moting it through what a rather severe critic of bishops and clergy tells us is ' the most effectual means possible, the only means which are really and truly effectual for the object through the means of the Christian religion and of the Bible.' B 2 spent last Sunday in a bright little town on the Great Northern line, and in its parish church from 70 to 80 young men and maidens received ' the laying on of hands,' in token of the blessing which is theirs who pray that the Fatherly hand of One above may ever be over them. But before this, he said a few words to those young people, and as I happen to have notes of what he said, I can give the substance. He spoke to them of the importance of decision I for righteousness at an early stage in life. He warned them against certain dangerous influences, probably desorib ingithem in some such old-fashioned phrase as ' 1 the works of the devil, the pomps and vanities of this wicked world, and the sinful lusts of the flesh.' He spoke to them also of faith or trust, and of duty and obedience ; and recom mended the use of certain means for the improvement of their characters, such as the reading of the Bible, as a boak in which they who seek may find sure guidance for their steps through life ; private prayer, as an approach to one able to help their weakness ; public worship, as securing the bene fits that How from union and sympathy ; Holy Communion, as a memorial of Him who died for them, and as a channel whereby it has pleased God to give grace to men to become more like Him. ' He assured them of the necesity of really taking pains to overcome their faults and to grow in good ness, mentioning even such everyday things as the control of temper and the employment of time. So in love and obedience he would have them draw nearer ' each to other, all to God.' Your readers may well ask why I have thus dragged B 2 from his provincial obscurity into the giare of metropolitan criticism, and mentioned him along with those mora prominent characters ? Perhaps I may give them the reason in my next letter. But, just at present, I have to ask those 'practical men' one question. It is not, Which is the greatest orator of these four ? Nor is it, Which is the most learned in Science and Philosophy ? Nor is it, Which is the most brilliant punster ? But the question is this, and I ask them not to lay this paper down till they have answered it : Which of these two pairs of men is using the method best calculated to make this very earth a brighter place to live in ?— I am, &c.;, Morpeth, June 16, 1883. J. B. NEWCASTLE. 