fll litfiilll?. An Epic of Ignorance. By C. 'Wesley Caddy. 'It took tbe world five or six thousand years,' says Mark Twain, ' to discover that we had been threading the needle at the wrong end.' He referred, of course, to the sewing machine, and we may add to that the probability that, of tbe 15 hundred millions of people now on the planet, more than one-half still holds to the belief that it is flat. If again we add to that number the gradually increasing mil lions as we go back nearer to the origin of the race, when no other belief was held concerning it, we are driven to a serious inquiry as to the mental condition of what has always been the vast majority of the race. A state of affairs that has been the normal state ever since the dawn of history is surely worthy of 6erious inquiry, suggestive, as it is, of possibly greater achievements in the boundless realms of i&TiriFflpoo; To ahf inPAMonf onilA&vniiF; t/i flnfAiul onlicVitaTiw ment but the old stage of threading the needle at the wrong end? Let us see what can be said about it. It is assumed by all writers that the diffusion of knowledge is a good thing ; and they have not stopped to answer Mr. Bagehot's question, 'What is Verifiable Progres?' or followed Mr. Henry George's grouping together of tbe two words Progress and Poverty. They do not pause to inquire whether thin solicitude about spreading a wider knowledge is anything other than the feverish pulsations of an imma ture mind. And yet a good deal may be said to favour the. ?speculation that ignorance ever has been and ever will be the goal of humanity ; and that then, and not till then, will the world be worth living in, when no man knows any thing, as we count knowledge. In this view, the Fosters and Gregs, the Buskins and Carlyles, the missionaries and the Socialists, are all in the dark. For the pillars of ignor ance have their foundation in unfathomable depths in space and time ; and its roof is up above all stars. Into her temple the philosophers stroll, to decipher faint phosphorous streaks, which are the philosophies of older times, now glimmering and faintly smouldering, as the lines left upon a wall by a damp lucifer. They grope from pillar to pillar down the gloomy lines of old Carnac. They peer around, and venturing farther into the gloom find one pillar farther on ; inscribe on it ' Agnostic' — ' Don't Know ' — and pass on. We, who are not philosophers, strain our eyes iuto the gloomy depths, smell the sulphur, just catch the lurid glimmer of the fading inscription, but get no light. More are the people who don't know than the people who do. Let us then accord that respect to the majority which is tbe boast of our social life to- day. This universal delu sion that knowledge is good and ignorance an evil is a direct revolt against the institutions of nature. All great and lasting things know nothing, as we reckon knowledge. Or is it that they have overcome the fretful yearning after knowledge, and shown the magnificent wisdom of suppiess ine it ? Are earthquakes but the suppressed laughter of the earth when a philosopher drops into his grave ? The ignorant old ball surpasses us in every noble way. Whose appointments are as punctually kept as his ? (I make it male for obvious reasons. Far be it from me to contend in this argument for ienorance in lovely woman. On the 31st December he is past the post at the tick of midnight. Sobriety? Takes water only. Dili gence ? Never stops to gallivant with comet or meteorite. He holds all the honour of the world ; wastes nothing ; doesn't bet. The vast records of the rocks tell of his mighty memory. He has chalked down everything, but still leaves in his cliffs and sea- depths the glaring intimation that to pile up past experiences was but the wayward fancy of his youth, and that now he simply exposes the record of his knowledge as a warning against the fruitless pursuit. He keeps his surging wrath in his own bosom. He rebukes our light-hunger by turning to the sun with equal indifference the great hungry desert or the corn-covered plain. All plants and animal life prove that ' he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.' The great oaks moan out their centuries without pain ; and the finny tribes of ocean are never distracted by the lateness of the morning paper. What mental unrest has a mosquito ? And when does the misery of the ape begin ? When he taps the fresh milk of a cocoanut at sunrise, and spends his nights in flirtation, or when a Sydney organ-grinder dresses him, and teaches him to caper to the heartrending strains of his infernal machine ? And, coming to oar immediate purpose, whose body and mind are easier, the office-boy who has run his messages, and on Saturday night goes home with 10 shillings in his pocket, whistiidg and ' thinking of nothing at all,' or the great merchant, his employer, who site far into the night with his manager, eagerly discussing the prospects for trade over the troubles in Madagascar or Tonquin ? Everywhere the measure of a man's freedom from worry is determined by his 6tock of ignorance. Take the day's life of the literary man, and compare it with that of a benighted savage. We will define a literary man as one who is so far immeshed in the snare* of knowledge-seeking that he must needs get his thoughts printed. Whilst the ploughman is out and abroad taking into his mighty chest the great draughts of morning oxygen, the other may bS seen taming out the lamp that has flickered over the learned page till morning. He takes up bis pen with weary hand, and scatters over some reams of paper the dreams and hopes of men long since dead. He writes of hope, but feels none; smiles at none of his own humour; expects great results from his clear reasonings, only to find tbey fall on deaf ears. Now take Mr. Wallace's pictnre of the dark-souled savage of the Malay Archipelago. Daylight peeps under his leafy roof, and he* slowly arises. His toilet is complete when he has plunged into the river and unfastened his bark canoe. He drieB in the sun floating down the stream, lying on his back with a fishing-line fastened to his toe. When there is a bite he kicks up and tbe fish is drawn aboard. He paddles leisurely back ; his wife has the sago cakes ready; The fish is thrown on the coals, and there is a banquet spread in the wilderness. There is no hurry ; his office hours are nil; and, smoking his pipe and lying at full length in the leafy shade, he plays with his children or sleeps the happy hours away. Manhood finds him with an estate to his hand ; maturity and gray hairs find him still in placid indifference to the troubles of the Czar or the discoveries of science ; and old age leads him to welcome repose on the bosom of mother earth — back again to the genial lap of ignorance from whence he sprang. The chief end of man is to get fat, and know nothing. The lowest form of animal and vegetable life is a, sac, which can be turned inside out, like the finger of a glove, and live on with unimpaired digestion. All the so- called higher forms of life are more or less a retrogression from this mode. The perfection of life, as of mechanics, is to have the fewest possible pieces. Man is a stomach, earned to the extreme of complication by the insertion of iegB, the branching of arms, and the tumorous excrescence we call brains. So do we find ourselves the miserable inheritors of all the rash gropings and experimentings of our restless fore fathers. Happy had they known to remain as they were, and rise and fail with the tide in oblivious jellyhood ! But they wanted to know more. They worked their way out of the' water on to the land, and now we, who were originally a stomach pure and simple, are a piece of intricate mechan ism with a stomach placed halfway up. I am not here asserting that b11 men have so drifted away into knowledge as to have lost sight of the dignity and import ance of our lost estate. Many a ' fair round belly with good capon lined,' guided by a brain frue to our aboriginal obtuseness, survives to cheer the drooping soul of tbe apostle of ignorance. To a man who has manfully embraced the creed of which it has fallen to my pen to be the advocate, what spectacle can be more cheering than that of the after-dinner nap of the retired tradesman whose only heretical tangent into the qnagmireof know ledge has been in calculating the rise and fall of tallow or hides? How softly that double chin settles down on his bosom— how cosily the silk handkerchief droops over his undreaming head. In what a lap of luxury do his bunions nestle, and how absolutely he— he— knows nothing. Let the child, indeed, be the father of the man. Look at that little fellow asleep. He is two days old. There is a pale faced woman alongside of him. He has just taken a bit of a nightcap in the style we've all done ; and his little silken fingers are still lingering near the time-honoured goblet. Mother's eyes, turned lovingly on him, are already half mournful, thinking of the world he'll have to live in. Now she turns and sees in the adjoining room a pale-faced scribe bending down over a heap of MSS., adding a word here and scoring out one there, ahd looking up ever and anon at the clock, and muttering, 'Late again — too late for this week's issue. Well, let it be so.' He goes in to look at the little fellow. A mystic roll of new flannel is carefully turned back, and behold, ' Like me ? No ! Like nobody. No child ever is at that age. I'm only half -bald. No half measures with him ; no keeping a shock of hot hair to fer ment thought. Bald as the Sahara. No speculation in his eye. Is not troubled about tbe national defences. Doesn't know nor care how Spicer feels, and is not inte rested in how Bright reconciles his high-blown rationalism with the acceptance of the drivelling maunderings of epileptic spiritists. But he smiles at something. There is, therefore, bliss in his ignoranoe. Is he aware that in the front parlour there is a ' man in possession ?' If so, he takes it as a joke. And so he Bleeps on, the picture of rational contentment, a vacant mind in a sound body ; whilst I, a man versed in all the learning of the Egyptians, a walking cyclopaedia, must again dip my distracted pen, and scribble on far into the night to instruct a generation better left without instruction.' Nature gives us two hints of her purpose which, if attended to, are all that is necessary to man's instruction. They are birth and the last decrepitude of age. In tbe first'she preaches the beauty of ignorance ; in the last, its utility. The child knows nothing, and is free from care. The old man has forgotten everything, and lets the days come and go without worry. All' the burnings, annoyances, disappointments, and sufferings of man are scattered over the evil days wherein he has aspired to know somewhat. He has cut his knees and bumped his forehead in learning to walk — he has been thrashed for not learning lessons — been driven half frantic by fears and hopeB about whether a certain yonng woman loves him. He has dived into books, and after losing one belief after another has got to believe and hope nothing. He has learnt how to make money, and has lost eleep and health by it. Now kindly Nature gives her second bint, obliterates all this, and gently leads him to the cool shades of ' second childishness and mere oblivion.' I have known a man who lived within two miles of a post office all through the time when everyone eagerly read the newB of the deadly struggle between Germany and France, but who, six months after the war was over, when someone mentioned Sedan to him, opened his eyes, and asked, ' Has there been a war, .then?' Happy man. We were plung ing along through muddy bush tracks, night after night, to read the scanty telegrams. He milked his cows, fed his horses, ate his bacon, and went to bed. We listened with all our ears as preacher or lecturer discussed the great ques tions of the day, but looking round on the sleeping congrega tion we failed to catch the greater sermon of the wisdom of ignorance. We see it all now. Genesis and Geology, Evolution and Special Creation, Revolution and Constitu tional Government, the rise and fall of nations— all the great concerns that set us fuming and speculating and con tradicting one another are to the ignorant man as the drowsy hum of bees and flies, tbe rustling of leaves, or the plash of the sea— so many incitements to beneficent slum ber. We grow hollow-cheeked, shaky- handed, and baggy under the eyes. But the wise son of obtuseness has a rosy face, a loud laugh, credit with the grocer, and money in his pocket. We, the knowledge-seekers, are children of many sorrows. Perfect ignorance has no wants, no ambitions, and consequently few and trivial disappointments. From this it will be seen that the miseries of life are of our own seeking, and he who would live hiB allotted Bpan in comfort should shun the viper 'knowledge. We who have bad tbe misfortune to tamper with the enemy should deli berately set about forgetting. It is onr plain duty to dis courage every species of inquiry. All speculation should be placed ill perpetual quarantine. The stomach must again . take the position of honour from which it has been sacri legiously displaced. Thinness should be regarded as prima facie evidence of the presence of germs of the malady of thought, and he who knows nothing, but throws out a mighty curve of waistcoat, should be tbe honoured leader of men and standing rebuke of rebellious thinkers. The man whose face is ' sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought' should be isolated as a leper. Is not the world full enough of insolvable problems, that he should come along with his new 15 puzzles to distract our few vanishing years ? We pass up Hunter-street towards the Free Library. The busy cart of the tradesman, the darting hansom, and the shout ing newspaper boy ply their rounds under sunlight and blue sky ; the ships are coming and going upon the glassy har bour ; the holiday-makers, with bands of music, go by; and tbe punctual man of business walks swiftly to his office. But here comes one with slower step. The hum of busy life, the flashing colours of gaily attired ladies, and all the crossing currents of active life go unheeded by. He mounts the 6teps of the Free Library. The door closes behind him, and where is be ? Outside, men are marrying and given in marriage, gaining and losing, rejoicing, sorrowing. But he is among the silent dead. Every thickbonnd tome and ponderous volume stands in ghostly admonition. They seem to say, ' We are tbe ghosts of dead and gone centuries —the memories of forgotten contests, the dying echoes of old battlefields, the wails of the vanquished or the shouts of the victors. We have the futile visions of the seer, the fruitless ravings of the enthusiast, and the vain conjectures of the buried ages. We hold the record of the hopeleES stragglings of ' chill penury ' when it would give to the -world some glimpse of higher things. The boasters have here their vaunted conquests, and the ardent controversial ist has his last say.' Out again into the street, under the sunshine and in amongst the crowd of men. And the books, with their ten thousand memories, are again in their deadly stillness. The wit of a century sleeps there; the heivy polemics of the old divines are* alongside; the great dic tionary, the ephemeral pamphlet, the solid history, the poet's song, the preacher's solemn texts, the traveller's wonders, and the gay wickedness of some loose brawler of old stand in equal dignity, for death, the leveller, has assessed them, and the hopes and enterprises of new days are upon as. And now it is time that some justification were given. If, &b; contended, the whole thinking world is a mistake, what guarantee have I, a nameless man, to show that I am not also mistaken; and that, whilst giving an all-round judg ment as to the futility of knowing anything, I am not adding to the stock of knowledge? Possibly I am, and, being nobody, I seek shelter under the names of great men. It is easy enough to put me down ; but put down these men first. Take two. , Palissy, the potter, found out how to glaze pots. Mrs. Palissy is not known to history. At the end of his life, Mr. P. glazed pots, and there was some comfort in the house. Good. Mr. P. added to the knowledge and comfort of tbe world by his discovery ; and Mr, Smiles and Mr. Brassev and Mr. Peabody and Mr. B. Franklin and Mr. Warren have preached huge discourses concerning thrift and per sistent effort, all based on the achievements of Mr. Palissy. We are even asked to take off onr hats and worship when, at the last effort, Mr. Palissy breaks np the kitchen chairs for firewood. I admire him not. The lifetime of a good woman was spent in dreariness and want while this man pursued his dream. Exeter Hall and Y.M.C.As. don't seem to know what Mr. Spoopendyke Palissy did in all those years. He growled, he tore his hair, and when the little timid woman came near bis kiln he roared, 'Get out; don't you see I'm just on the eve of it?' So she goeB away in tears, and works up the last bit of barley into black bread, and trims the last cabbage stamp for tbe sovpe aux ekoux. Mr. Palissy gets fame; tbe sufferer gets ? ? It's a long discussion how far a man with an ' idea' may sacrifice a life knit with his. For my part, I think woman is the best man. Or Carlyle. I have no wish to speak ill of the dead ; but what recompense is there for the one true bouI that loved him? He burrowed iu the star depths to root out knowledge for man. He has instructed millions. His wife — but let the dead rest. Everywhere it comes out. The silent recluse, the mechanical inventor, the poet, the philosopher, add so much to tbe store of human knowledge. The results are so many books, and so many theories and facte brought to light. Is the world better. What, then, is to be done? Are we to drift away in aimless ignorance, so called, and throw away the results of such god-like toil as the silent thinkers have given us? Alas, it is out of our power. Tbe disease has fastened on us, and must have its way, as all other diseases. Our preaching of the futility of knowledge will meet with ridicule. Our suggestion, that inquiry be discouraged, is itself a remnant of knowledge. But there is an end to all diseases, and knowledge must go with it. The wise man will be he who neither wishes to know, nor yearns for tbe Nirvana ; he will neither know nor wish to know anything. I am not a wise man, an! therefore wonder what people will think of this epic, 