HISTORIC SLANG. How common is the expression, " Oh, ,slie is down in the dumps"— that is, out of spirits. This is a very ancient slang pbrase, and is supposed to be derived from "Dum- pos," King of Egypt, who built a pyramid. p,nd died of melancholy so that the thieves and gipsies are not at all tp blame for having given us a few expressive words. We next come upon a word full of pathetic meaning for many of us ; it is the ghost that haunts and pursues us more or less throughout the year — it is the word " dun." It is a word of consequence, for it is at once a verb and a noun, and is de rived from the Saxon word "Dunan," to din or clamour. It owes its immortality — so tradition says — to having been the surname of pne Jqbn Dun, a famous bailiff of Lincoln, in the reign of Henry YII., who was so active and dexterous m collect ing bad debts, that when anyone " became slow to pay," the neighbours used to say, " Dun him," that is, ' send Dun after him." "Draw it mild" and " Opme it strong," have their origin in music, being the terms used by the leader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin players to play loudly or gently. From this they have passed into synonoyms for exaggerators and boasters, who are requested either 'to moderate their statements ' or to astonish their audi- pnee. The word " coach" in thpse days is a familiar one, as parents know who have to employ tutors to assist their sons to swallow the regulation:jampnnfc..ot" '3r'1 necessary for competitive sxammation. liie word is of university origin, and can boast of a Logical etymology. To get on fast you must take a coach : you cannot get on fast in learning without a private tutor — ergo, a private tutor is a coach, Anqth,er familiar word in university slang is " a regular brick," that is. a jolly good fellow ; and how the simile is logically .deduced is amusing enough. A brick is " deep red," so a " deep read man" is a brick. To read like a brick is to read until you are deep " read." A deep-read man is in university phrase, " a good man," a good man is a " jolly fellow" with non- reading men ; ergo, a jolly fellow is a " brick." 