THE SOCIAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE UNITED STATES. By ARCHIBALD FORBES. II. A very interesting phase of American "society" is its keen sympathy with things artistic. Oscar Wilde went to America with a sham and self-constituted mission, to infuse into its benighted people the prin- copies of what he and the paltry filagree-work school of which he is on accident prate about as "true art." He found to his discomfiture that cultured Americans knew a great deal more about the principles of art than he could tell them; and that they had learned in a school the canons of which inculcated a higher ideal than could be attained by what lavishness soever in sunflower and lily decoration, spite of what he called the "gaudy, leonine beauty" of the first vegetable, and the "tender grace" of the latter. The people want to hear him as a divertissement and "guyed " him ruthlessly. The artistic corner of America has been somewhat arduous and chequered. People in a new country have to begin at the beginning of things. Go out to a bush shanty in the remote region beyond Inverell, or into a shepherd's "humpy" in Queensland, and you will find the logs or the bark pasted over with illustrations cut from the Graphic and the Illustrated London News. This is simply the evidence of the artistic instinct struggling to make the little artistic best of very adverse conditions. The Americans began on bad copies of good pictures, and on spurious rubbish with which their ignorance was defrauded. It was by dint of hard-bought experience that they ripened into fastidious connoisseurs. Let me give an instance. I know an old gentleman who lives in a beautiful house in the picturesque uplands which overhang the Rhineland-like city of Cincinnati. Many years ago he made his fortune in dry goods, sold out, and determined for the rest of his life to devote himself to art. Well, he didn't know anything about art, but he could learn, couldn't he? So he went to Europe and opened his purse. Of course he got "stuck " with copious rubbish. But he went to school on the rubbish, so to speak. Next campaign, it needed a higher style of rubbish to take him in and in the course of a long sedulous career of art investment he has ripened into a connoisseur of admirable taste and faultless acuteness. The wildest getter-up of bogie art treasures will not now adventure the hopeless enterprise of throwing dust into the eyes of the dry goods man. His beautiful house, itself an art treasure because of the varied beauty with which its interior is inlaid with native American woods, is an art museum of genuine taste and high intrinsic value. But if he takes a liking to you, the old gentleman will reveal to you the steps of the ladder by which he has attained to connoisseurship, the milestones in the arduous costly journey. Here is a room in the basement crammed with the veriest im- postures — sham Etruscan vases, sham china, sham old masters, sham tapestry, sham everything. Then, here is another room wherein most things are frauds, but less arrogantly ostentatious frauds. Yet another room of comparative genuineness, but of comparative humility also ; representing a new departure into the realm of artistic truth, but penetration only to the out- lying frontiers of that realm, From this new birth the gradus ad Parnassum was severe indeed, but the upland path, if steep, was straight and well defined but that path is illustrated in old Probasco's mansion by not a few numbers that are the cupboards wherein are hidden the skeletons of his struggle with art. The millionaire Americans are profuse picture- buyers, in Europe as well as in America. To any Australian taking the Pacific route to or from England, and having the time to spare during a halt in San Francisco, the picture galleries of Mr. Charles Crocker and Governor Leland Standford are readily accessible on presentation of a card. Mr. Vanderbilt shares with Professor Holloway, of the pills, the distinction of being the protector of the commissioners charged with the purchase of pictures for the national galleries of Europe. Neither Vanderbilt nor Crocker is a con- noisseur ; but they know of what schools they like the exemplars, and they aim at securing the pick of the work of these schools. They employ experts to ensure genuineness, and to make their purchases; and when these come along they employ other experts to hang them to advantage. "Brutal capital!" exclaims the ardent yet thrifty connoisseur, with a fierce sneer. " Capital," if you choose, sir ; the dollars are not to be gainsaid; but wherein the "brutality "? Some members of New York society have established a sort of guild under the name of the "Associated Artists," of which guard the high functionaries are a Mrs. Wheeler and a Mr. Tiffany. The '"Associated Artists" are designers of ornamental textile fabrics, and they have affiliated to them an establishment of dexterous and accomplished artists, by whom their designs are embodied by the processes of colouring and weaving. Mrs. Wheeler is now engaged on a cartoon, which is to be reproduced in tapestry, representing Aphrodite rising from the waves with her attendant loves. My artistic friend writes to me in a rapture : — "Aphrodite is a charmingly litho, buoyant figure, long enough, intense enough, to satisfy Burne Jones himself." When I visited the establishment, I was dazzled and amazed by the wealth of the embroideries, tapestries, portieres, curtains, hangings, that were shown me in so lavish profusion. My own artistic taste I do not pretend to swear by; but Hubert Her- komer's name is as well known in Australia as in that Royal Academy in Piccadilly of which he is an associate, Herkomer raved over those fabrics, enthusiastically declaring that the work was far in advance of anything done in any of the Art Schools of England or the continent. He was urgent that there should be an exhibition of it in London, convinced that it would raise the standard wherever shown. Of Cincinnatti society the two favourite avocations are music and pottery. Probably the biggest thing of the kind in the world is Cincinnatti's "musical festival." A vast building, specially constructed, is devoted exclusively to the celebration of the sacred fortnight of song. Italian operas are given. Colonel Mapleson takes thither the company of "Her Majesty's servants," with whom he as the impresario of the New York opera season. Patti has sung, at the fabulous tariff of about 10 guineas a note, in the last two festivals, There are concerts in the afternoons ; the evenings belong to opera. The Cincinnatians lave themselves in the musical stream; it is no casual dip — one concert or one opera ; it is de rigueur to hold seats for the whole festival. Those seats are sold by auction, and there is an almost crazy competition for more eligible ones. The ceramic art study is less ardent, but probably more thorough. The ladies make vases from the chastest classic models, or they give the rein to their own fancy in making others with no other model than their own ideal. These vases, as well as plaues, cups and saucers, they paint with patient aspiration after the beautiful, the quaint, and the fanciful. I call to mind some porcelain painting which three girls showed me in their workroom in a pretty mansion in the Clifton suburb. On a set of vases of identical shape, severe, yet graceful, were depicted brilliant plumaged birds flitting through a tracery of wild flowers, or perched on a spray in the heart of a maze of feathery foliage. Each bird was of a different species, each floral or leafy setting was distinct. The colouring was exquisite ; as was the picturesque deli- Josey of flower and leaf. So far as my judgement goes, the palm for true artistic genius as well as for intuitive ? taste in composition, and for vivid accuracy in the charming accomplishment of flower painting, belongs against the world to a lady of your ? overtime, although it is Victoria, not New South Wales, which possesses her; but the work of those Oinoinnnti girls could at least have borne to be shown alongside of here. The potter ladies of Cincinnati maintain among them an oven, wherein their handi- work is baked with due paine and skill. But, indeed, pottery, flower-painting, and music apart, Cincinnati is a noted art centre, Some of your readers may remember the wonderful cartoons done for the long defunct Tomahawk by Matt Morgan. That clever artist found it advisable to bid adieu to the shores of Britain, and he is now permanently settled in Cincinnati, engaged in designing for a firm of art Publishers, at a ' salary of £2000 a year, At the risk of wearying the kind reader, I would fancied a little Bfetoij Ç? ye. 8_9t«h«__!fl0i4aty.'.' Before the war there were stately day. and merry days in those fine roomy old mansions whose grim front", showing over the low trees that stud the esplanade pleasure ground, still confront the cool Atlantic breezes that blow athwart the fair waters of Charleston Harbour. These were the days of belles and balls in the beautiful capital of South Carolina; of incomparable Madeira formed at the tables of players whose ancestry went back to our own cavaliers. The earliest and the bitterest of all the seceding States was South I Carolina, Her capital was blockaded for years, bombarded once and again, rushed up to the very hilt. The old families, whose wealth lay in cotton and ülives, wore a brown utterly financially, but the men of them did not live to know the pinch of poverty. No, they were j true to the gallant blood that flowed in their veins ; from the old men of 60 to the lads of j lo, they died for the cause ; it was all that they could do. But, ah ! for the women, the ladies whose laugh had been gayest, whose sparkle ; had been most winsome. The iron ground itself into their souls. They know hunger, and squalor, and wretchedness unutterable. They lived on in the garrets of the great mansions because those were unsaleable ; i even to-day you may buy one of them for the price of a Pitt-street store. And now, when all the world has been changing, and is changed around Charleston, when j cotton mills whirr, and ships go and come, and cargoes | of wealth bringing pyrites are carried away to tea past I the grim shattered ruin of the historic Fort Sumter, the old aristocracy of the South Carolinian capital stand aloof from the new order of things. I know families whose women earn a pittance by seamstress work, so that the man of the family, who cannot dig and is ashamed to beg, although he lets himself do a yet more shameful thing, may walk down to the club in fair raiment, and have the wherewithal to ask the room to join him in a drink, according to a custom which is not confined to Australia, Charleston lives in the dead past ; it shows the melancholy end of the great rebellion. Lot a club conversation begin where it will, it inevitably drifts into recollections of that fierce time. The stranger finds himself here standing, as it were, in a graveyard of men who are not dead, but who have ceased really to live since Lee's surrender at Appomatox Courthouse, The realities get crushed into his consciousness with a strange dramatic fierceness. I remember once adven- turing an opinion in regard to the vexed question of the burning of Columbia. " On the balance of circumstantial evidence," said I, it seems unlikely that Sherman burnt Columbia intentionally. He is so bold and out- spoken, that I cannot see why, had he done so, he should not have owned to it, and justified it as a military necessity. Why should he lie about Columbia any more than about Atlanta ? " "Circumstantial evidence he-'?" said a dark man, whose face flushed as he spoke. " What does that count against personal proof ? I was the last man of Wade Hampton's rearguard that evacuated Columbia as Shar man entered and I swear before God there was no spark of fire in any bale of cotton as I rode out between the tiers stacked in the street 1 " "And I, sir," said another man, whose eye -was glow- ing like a live coal-" I, then a boy he twelve, was standing behind Sherman when he badothn bugler give the signal for the fire-raisers to get to work, ' Now we'll have a bonfire ! ' were the words he used. I defy him to look me in the face and say he didn't burn Columbia ! " And so on, and so on. They do not plot, these people ; they simply smoulder moodily. It is the saddest ghost of a " lost cause." A Pole hoped against hope; the Charleston ex-confederate not only has no hope, but no wish. He has accepted the situation, only he cannot live up to it. The present generation must pass away before Charleston takes to the new order of things. Meanwhile they visit economically, those ghostly people ; they are beautifully hospitable to the British stranger stranger, with a proud apology for the res augusta doing. There is still a problem of the old Madeira left, and I know no place in the world richer in old china, old silver, and priceless bric-a-brac. But you cannot buy these although you may find people all but actually hungry among them. The superficial, not to say the supercilious observer, may be apt to say in his haste that the regulations of so cial etiquette are merely a bundle of arbitrary and petty enactments, whose chief object is to impart to life an irritating artificiality. But if one looks deeper one will recognise a distinct principle underlying the apparent qualities, and may interpret a settled meaning in the merest seeming triviality. Take our own code, that which obtains equally in the mother country and in the colonies. Examine its laws in regard to women. These laws are simply a refinement on the method of treatment of women that has endured in Eastern countries from the days of Rebecca and Sarah until now, smoothed yet a little further by a lacquer made out of the debris of the chivalry of the middle ages. Yes, woman is to be a queen, a goddess ; you are to defer to her in all sorts of pretty little ways, you are to approach her with entreaties if you would win her you are, if you have the knack, to write verses on her beauty, or, if you have the voice, to sing the days of other men, in praise of her charms. You doff your hat to her you accord her the initiative of recognition ; you solicit " the honour," whether for a waltz or for a promenade into the Elysian fields of matrimony. You put the social crown on her brows; you concede to her the social sceptre, only the crown is of tinsel, and the sceptre is hollow. in effect, we treat our women just as the Mahommedans do, making allowances for the differences between our civilisation and theirs. They im- mure their women in the harem; they compel them to veil themselves when they go abroad ; they padlock them when the male owner goes away on a journey or a campaign. Their a priori attitude in regard to their women is the abiding conviction that they long for mischief. and that coercion, sequestration, and vigilant watchfulness are necessary to thwart this chronic anxiety. The Eastern " shepherd" their women, to use a phrase familiar to every Australian and this because they consider shepherding eminently necessary. And is not the keynote to our own code of etiquette a similar belief that the woman needs to be " shepherded," not by bolts and bars by harem guards, by the fear of poison or the Back, but by a network of draconian conventionalities ? But for these conven- tionalities which bear her up, such is her weakness, we say in effect, that she would be striking her foot against a stone at every stop. Uenoo, for example, chaperoniB-, with the frequent reductio ad absurdum of this con- nationality in the solemnly ludicrous spectacle of a younger sister who happens to be married furnish- ing an elder sister who is still single with the cachet of social propriety. Of Yvfeut text is the chaperon the standing expounder, if only you will pass behind the purdah of convention alities that have become second nature to you, and look straight into the heart of things ? Does she not preach-.' The heart of this single woman, and of every single woman, is by nature deceitful and desperately wicked ; she cannot be trusted alone lest she gratify her natural instinct of coming to grief ; it may be the blind leading the blind, but my function here is to save her from herself ?" When you come to dis- sect things-to look into the principle of the mechanism of the Social look-out is just possible for an unprejudiced person, if happily he be very hard to find himself tremblingly asking himself the question whether all this she pherding machinery of etiquette, so far from being a compliment, may not be an actual insult to the woman who is its flower-decorated victim. Autres pays, duties mours, America has dared to emancipate herself from what she regards as the dis- paraging bondage of this phase of conventionality. She has taken up a novel and startling attitude in rela- tion to the young woman. She has developed the consummate and inconceivable audacity of regarding that ingenuous person as a sensible, reasonable, and responsible creature. She has been guilty. of the sacri- legs to conceive that that tottering innocent can walk alone, and would be all the better for doing so; that when the bodily swaddling clothes have been laid aside, and crinolines adopted in their place, the mental swaddling clothes may be dispensed with in favour of a neat, purposeful nature of common sense, America takes the young woman into a corner very early in life, and says to her in effect, "'Seems to me the conservation of your own honour is a matter that affects you as a reasonable being more than it can any- body else, I propose therefore to vest in you the guardianship of your own honour. Accustom yourself to rely on yourself. The atmosphere about you is pretty sweet ; don't chafe the fair bloom off the flower of your youth by suspecting a snake in every tuft of grass ; remember within limits the motto of honi soil, and understand how the ill-thinking spoken of in that motto, done into English, simply spells presidency. 'Be fearless, be wise ; your early training will have among - its fund to effect A> ii years JESSE jet? bead cool; on every hand you will find kindly and sympathetic women glad to advise and support you if m I Yo and be, my dear, go forward and pioneer, in the name of God!" This is what America virtually said to her young women ever so long- ago ; so that generation after generation of young women have been born into and " raised " under the social creed. I have studied with much interest the working and issues of the cult, and I venture to aver that it answers, although it is with fear and tr< public;,' that I do so, because of a sinking condition ties of the chaperones frown ; but I will not urge the personal arguments of experts crude, because I recognise the obvious retort that one who is a partisan because of personal experience, may be the slave of a glamour. I am content to appeal to anyone who has had the good fortune to have come social familiarity with American ladies and to have this pleasure it is not necessary to leave Australia. The frankness of the American young woman has in it a certain bewilderment and embarrassment for the British male person, especially if his collars be stiffly starched. She had so utter an absence of self-conscious ! ness ; her mental equipoise is so serenely stable ; her bonhomie, if one may use the term, in so natural, that he cannot understand the problem. I assure him a gentleman, so that his intuition hinder him from a misconstruction of the phenomena that confront him. She flirts, he finds ; she is an adopt in flirtation, but it is a flirtation " from the teeth outward" to use Carlyle, phrase; and he is fain to own to himself, like the fox-hunting farmer who tried unsuccess- fully to get drunk on the claret, that he seems to '. got no forwarder." But although the citadel of the fortress seemed to him strangely impregnable, because of the cool alert, self-possession of its garrison, he will find, if he is the beleagured whom fortune favours, that it will crown an honourable seige by a graceful capitulation. Human nature is human nature all the world over. And there is no greater BTrnr than the prevalent one that domesticity is not a loading virtue of American messages. That there is too much of hotel life for American families I concede, and I am fully conscious of the faults of the system ; but that it entails any impairment of higher domestic virtues I have failed to discover. It is not easy to see how a woman is deteriorated as the companion and friend of n man-as the participator in his aspirations, his troubles, his studies, his higher life because her conditions release her from the duty of devising the details of a dinner, from the friction of demoniacal domestics, from the drudgery of checking the grocer's pass-book and the sad realisation that all bakers are liars, and mostly robbers as well. The American girl, in her independence, has " a lovely time, as she herself would style it. I will pass over the precocious festivities of her childhood. But when she is due to " come out," her debut is a notable circumstance. To give festive emphasis to that auspicious phenomenon, her parents must write to the height of the occasion. That height may be a reception, or it may be a ball ; but whichever it is the function, is a special one, and the speciality of it is duly intimated on the cards of invitation. Floral tributes pour in from relatives and from friends who have already an acquaintance with the debutante. That radiant creature, with cool aplomb, stands by her mother as the guests are announced, and in a kind of halo of floral offerings, serenely receives the tribute of congratulations. And so she is launched, and her career commences. She has a latitude at which an English girl, fed on conventionality till it has got into her marrow, would thrill with a shudder. If her " folks " are wealthy, she has her own " parlour," and receives there the visits of her own friends. The friends may be her friends exclusively that is to say they may not know her parents, or her sisters, or any- body that is hers. If one of us now autres from the American viewpoint meet, let me say in Sydney, a young lady of his acquaintance from Dubbo who is on a visit to the capital and is fortunate enough to receive permission to call on her, he leaves card, as well for the people of the house of which his fair friend may be visiting. A proper etiquette as it seems to me, founded on a true principle that you are doubly grateful to the hostess, whose hospitality has brought your friend within social ken of you, and whose threshold you have crossed to pay your respects to her guests. But in America this amenity is not necessarily regarded. It is possible for a gentleman to be a frequent caller on a lady without knowing any member of her family. If she has sisters, and no separate " parlour" of her own, the sisters have each her own days, and make their arrangements in_n accommodating and sisterly spirit. A girl in America can travel alone from New York to San Francisco without a thought of violated etiquette. She can cross the Atlantic alone, and not be guilty of a solecism until a fresh light comes to her with surprise when she would put up at a British hotel, she walks out with a gentleman friend, who need not at all be the sweetheart; she can go to the theatre with him, and ask him into her house to have a cup of coffee when he shall have escorted her to her doorstep. Or if she prefers, she can go to the theatre alone, although her practice makes it sufficiently apparent that she prefers the companionship which she designates as an *' escort." Is all this very shocking? It startled me at first, but it is wonderful how soon you get used to things, I do not ask anybody to take my word for it; but I must record my profound conviction that the evil coming out of a liberty that at first sight seems to us marvellously close to license, a singularly small. There are lapses occasionally ; but the losses will bear comparison in paucity, of that I am assured, with those which occur under the conventional regime, under the system of sedulous "shepherding." You know the old Scottish proverb, " He who well to Cupar, maun to Cupar" There are shes, alas, as will as he who " made to Cupar;" but just as they will gravitate thither when left free agents, you will not keep them from getting there by the most assiduous guardianship, short of the Eastern system of absolute incarceration. And I think there are a few in America as in any other country who set their pretty, wicked faces resolutely in the sad direction of the Scottish borough town. Before quitting a subject which I have very far from exhausted, I would like to say something about American summer resorts, Some years ago Saratoga was the leading haunt of American summer fashion. It was an enlarged Uombourr, leaving out the gambling establishment, with an infusion of the Grand Hotel at Brighton exaggerated twenty-fold. Women dressed five times a day and danced half a night. The visitors lived in hugo hotels, at each of which there was a ball every night, There was no exercise gave a dressed to death dawdle on the promenade. Australia has nothing that is the faintest adumbration of Saratoga. It still exists ; it is crowded, and the " hops" are as lively and the dresses as gay and as frequently changed as ever ; but it is the resort now of only socond-ratepoople, and of foreigners who think that they are studying hero the eccentricity of American good society. The latter has of late years undergone a wholesome change of sentiment as regards the pleasures of summer life. There has been a great awakening to the beauties of nature and to the sweet charm of simplicity, Peuple grave to still the fresh bring bronze, or to got away into sequestered up- land regions, and live among knives, and rocks, and waterfalls. Hotel life has given out" in favour of the quieter and more domestic cottage life. Of course there is luxury, but the luxury is the ompanied by at least comparative simplicity. Aluvuly resort, much affected by Now Englander?, to whom it is what Hobart is to the people of New South Wales and "Vic toria, is the cool picturesque inland of Mount Desert, on the coast of Maine. There is no town-only a few fisher huts, two or three hotels, and a broad wooded a mountain slope, studded from football almost to summit with picturesque cottages. But that no sea leaves the feet of the hill capital of India, there is a singular resemblance between Mount Desert and Simla. Here the visitors have their own canoes, with real India at the saddle, and they make horse back excursions to the glen and waterfalls lying in- land. Near New York, within an hour's ride or sail are still to be found sequestered places where the hoodlum " excursionist-" hoodlum " is the American for "larrikinesses not find his way. Such as the villa., a in Staten Island, the hamlets up Long Island Sound, and Ear Roukaway, looking straight into the face of the Atlantic, the Manly Beach, or the Queenscliff of New York. Further off there is Long Branch, also facing the Atlantic, where an ocean esplanade seven miles long, is lined with beautiful cottages, in one of which (Elberon) poor President Garfield died at last after his long struggle to survive G uiteau'a bullet. And then there is Newport. But to do justice to Newport, ode ought not to bring it in at the fag-end of a long paper. It is the summer resort of the elite of Amarina. will here ORPEN ¿m it_Wl_h._ nature, assumes a cosmopolitan character, because, in tore come to it as well from abroad as from any part in of the Union, although the New Yorkers arrogate j to themselves the supremacy. At Newport people play with the fancy of being in Arcady, but it is a kind of ' Arcady peopled by Watteau shepherdess, To 13 a fabulously expensive place ; the price of a site for a cottage would make a modest man like myself quite independent of the necessity for spoiling any more paper and wasting any more ink, Yes, they are cottages, but they are cottages offices of a very sumptuous and elaborate type, while their interiors are museums of costly taste, their ex- terrors are beautified by a wealth of rare flowers and exquisite foliage. In the forenoon the quaint old town in which yet dwell descendants of the pilgrim fathers has its streets made lively by pretty little basket phaeton, driven by ladies dressed with an elabo- ration of simplicity, who amuse themselves by spending money in buying utterly useless but pretty trifles. The afternoons are devoted to picnics, driving excursions, lawn tennis gatherings, polo meets, short yacht voyages, boating, and hunting, for there is a pack of English foxhounds, which run a drag until it reaches a point where a wretched boy fox is turned down, and which in its bewilderment seldom fails to furnish the hunt with the approved climax of a " kill." There is the casino, which in the mornings in a sort of " conversation house," and on certain evenings of the week is a ballroom and there is the Red- wood reading-room, where flirtations somewhat compli- cate the desultory pursuit of literature Altogether Newport is rather too lively for quiet people, and a good deal too artificial for those who desire to enjoy the charms of nature unsophisticated by the artificial conditions of exacting fashion. 