i^i[«rei<8hostiSWriet'.' Ma.. HBipWe:ighoW sto(y,!puttishea in'ottr 1 last wbcJk's'iBsilei caused'boWsiderable interest anddisousaiononStsniient 'repUbUcation in pamphlet 1 fol?m in Lo'hdoh'.'i A Correspondent ' writing ito a dontempftrary says :^- ' „ 11 was much inteweted iii the story' of MrJ Heaphy. ' It puts me ia 'tnitd'cf a circum-l stance ttiypaftlculareof "v^hidhMaro' sitail'afly strange add thoroueUyauthtatie : 'Nearly a' earn of-^eaW ago.Vfa AdAftalia, -rtvab'«.t)onJ stent visitor at Jthe -bouse of a gentleman', one' of.whoso idftttghters-irai'tlie TBromised' wife of a-naval iofflcel- in Her Majesty's iservioe, and 'theh.'Btationedon tha>8outh: AtneKcftn coastJ Ohei afternoon M. was'sHated'With her-Bister 'in an' apper i chatabar. Snddeflly she half rose and gave a violent scream, i" What is the [cried : 0., her'sister. " I^saW poot'Oeortee i(hor,)over]—oh, so ! plainly, He """ •wrihgiiign his hands imploringly, sind feara for;Her-ldver's welfare i gtoundless. •Going djiito'hitrpiotnre on the wall she wrote file.':time loflalay ahd-the. dffte on lts back. £^veipl months 'eUpsfed and <no news 'came to warrant M.'s apprehension. But one morn-' ling, ss the familyfeam examinirig letters from .tto'diilji ptiat4.it sank back with a bittercry, land' gakped out i 'tBat "her 'lover had been drowned tofesthar with: seven' seamen,' three months beforei'SS-'he was crossing a harbor bar.-' Hdr juster spoke of the coincidence of ithe;apparition.in!the' upper room.' 8everal members of;theifamily hastenral upstairs and eift-mined.ithe |>iature,'-A ;, comparison, was toadet and it was'ifoandHiatitb'e^late on' the picture and the .date of, the drowning -corresponded.-eiaotly, making: allowance for ^ longitudinal difference in itime: i, ;iiqther icoiiespbndent "vpntes- Mr. 1 Heaph^'e ! ghost story recalls a'story r&ated; to pae by:an -eye-witness of- the Ccouxrenoes; 'Forty years «go A 'retired barrister purohased a: house situated near Hounslow Heath, on the outskirts of liondon. ; It dated from'the beginning of the last century, but was in good Condition. It .had..lain .vacant for many years. I Fmr a month.after the family's occu-i patiop eeery pight there would be heard the piteous wailing of an infant: The grounds and apartments .wets searchod withdut finding anytlungj. : It wis finally daoided that the cries firoaeededitromia window iu the library. : As the constant wailing was £.' great source of annoyanoe, the gentleman's -wife urged-that he panelling be ifotn down ' and the' wall xamined..., ;Her husband at last 'yielded.: he;panelling was stripped away and'the'wall opened. In a small raoefes, next the window, Was found .the Skeleton of an,infant, which according 1 to the opinions of! medifcal men must have been:there for over half a century. The.ladyiwho; told methis'waa presentl with any-others,-at the seai^li, and was the entleman's niece. 