UNDER THE VERANDAH. Parliament has met, and tho politioal birdsof prey havo settled once moro in tho metropolis. The auguries aro not all peaceful. ' The Coali tion Ministry is somewhat in tho position of a man porched on a hedgo with an nngry bull in tho one field and a savage dog in the oilier. As soon as it gets down on ono sido or the other it will havo to fight for itsown hand. Friends are few and allies aro not to bo trusted, bnt it is to bo hoped that before it does come to grief it will hnvo dono a little of the work that has been waiting for so many sesBionB— havo shut the door on political influence and put tho finances in order again. All worldly shapes may melt in gloom, Tho sun himself may dio, but Conservative champions will never lose their class characteristics. Their Thomas may bo Bent, but he cannot bo broken. IIo is as ready to browbeat on tbo bench as at tho ban quet, and is as careless of all tho decencies of life when seated as a magistrate as when screaming at a deputation. It is now plain that he cares as little for tho administration of justice as he does for tho principles of honest government. Tho P.M. who dared to croBS him when he wished to dismiss Miss Griffin was Btraightway accused by him of having prejudged the case. There was a scene in court, another sccno in tho magistrates' room, and a third when the .vulgarian found that he could not bully the professional man into violating his eonscienee. Ho then had to bs content with insulting tho gentleman, and he did so in his customary style while loudly expressing his astonishment that a mere legal Alley Bhould dare to have an opinion contrary to that of a political Taw. Thackeray has painted tho adventures of tho flunkey whom chance mado a millionaire, and his colonial disciples might find a parallel sub ject for satire at any time in tho career of the man whom patronago made a rate collector, spite a politician, and intriguo a Minister of the Croivn. ' : ' ' ! The only rival to the Conservative Thomas is the Radical John— a man of greater partB : and larger views, but almost equal eccentri city. There iB a t sin of heroism ' in John which ripens as the vintage does in the sun. The midnight wanderer who beholds his peace ful backyard peopled with ghosts that appear to proBaic mortals only as well drcsBed clothes lines, the club member who engages in n gallant wrestle with an unyielding enemy in the Bhapo of a lamp-post, alone can appreciate the perfervid rashness with which Mr. Woods at the manufacturers' diurier last week defied the spirit of commerce and cast down his gage of battle before the feet of tho genius of Exchange. It was with difficulty that the impassioned politician could be calmed by his friends throngh tho medium of appeals to his coat tails, but at last the same magician whoso potent spell had roused him to fury soothed him to repentance and tears. It was Mr. L. L. Smith, whose manufacture probably produced the mysterious effects that occasioned so much consternation. He regarded the wayward John in the light of a patient, and noted his symptoms after any dose of cordial. Tho results are to he embodied in a paper to bo read before the Vignerons' Association, entitled, i "Experimental researches into the compara tive strength of Moct, Krug and Crime do Boosie," | The feast of manufacturers lost week was noticeable for points of interest other than the scrimmage between Dr. Peel and the hen. member for Stawell. A high official, who is evidently unaccustomed to public spouting, commenced aspeech in suchhigh flown languago that his friendB and neighbors grew enthusi astic. Suddenly ho paused. Loud app'.auso ensued. Ho swept his magnificent brow with a nervous hand ; moro applause. Ho thou,' having felt his breast pocket, produced a roll of foolscap closely written. This, in an agitated voice, he proceeded to read. Unfor tunately, however, ho commenced at the passogo ho had already delivered— a fact of which he was entirely oblivious. He had only got well under way when somo one at the other end of the table, rising, proposed the toast of the Ministry with the usual hip, „ hip, hurrah ! Everybody Btood up, and in the midst of tho acclamations the orator quietly replaced his manuscript in his pocket. It was Bomesatisfactiontohim, however, on the follow ing morning to find that while the two lead ing papers roportcd what lie did sav_about twenty lines— the organ devoted to piety and pruriency contained a report of what ho in tended to say, fully a column in length. Tho circulation went up six : tho extra copies wero purchased by the orator. ' It la well known that great men aro often so immersed in business, or in working out their , own thoughts, that they can't spare timo to ( attend to the trivial details of overyday life, Mr. Cosaubon, for example, was so engaged with tho materials for his great historical work, i that ho completely neglected his charming I wife Dorothea. And to tako an instance nearer t home, and ono from real life, Mr. C. H. Bromby has bis mind so occupied with the sufferings of the poor Irish peoplo about six hundred years ago, that ho can't condescend to pay the cabby whom ho engagOB to drivo him to ono of his incendiary lectures, A shilling tendered, and refused becauso insufficient, somo mumblings about tho change of half-a-crown and then, in tho mind of tho imaginative' Bromby, tho whole affair is settled. Not so however, from cabby's point of view, and the court of law lioforo which tho caso was brca.li saw that justieo was done to him. ! a „(? Mr. Bromby will do well to remember thaf|j charity doesn't end at home, it certainly there, and to recollect that iti tho opinion 'j honest men it is nobler even for an itinciy J lecturer to pay cabby his shilling than to imj, mobs to demand millions from intimity ' landlords. ' Ono in tho book trado hero recently njj, r/f a trip to Europe for the benefit oi j||f health. I may mention that tho genu, man in question is noted for His " blarney," | S it is perhaps rather difficult to dietiogoM | 1 both on tbat account and from his general, j| penrance, to what country lie belongs. Heipm || his money in London with considerable oito. fl tation, and it soou eked out that he was y, 11 other Gideon Beck, of fabulous possession, l 11 good deal of curiosity wa3 excited as to howlj W carno by his tin, and an inquisitive Etj. liehmau ventured to propound to tho geuty S bookseller tho following question : — "IJoijjj | it, Mr. — , tliat your countrymen over in Ireland 11 pass their lives in such poverty and squalcr- P but directly they cross the seas they seem Is become prosperous — in fact wealthy. Tab ji yourself for au example." " Well," anawiirf 1 Mr. K., " sinco you have put the question' in 1 such a nice way, I don't mind letting you into k the secret. They miud their own business, a 8 I do — being a Scotchman." P Somo little excitement was created ono day p recently by tho appearance of r. considerable I crowd of men on tho stops of the Treasmj, 1 They were all more or less advanced in years, j| the jolly old tar clement predominating. The; I wero all evidontly on the best of terms with | themselves and the world, chatting anil chad. 1 ing and expectorating as only seafaring I gentlemen can. Just then his Excellent; « arrived, and a3 lie passed through- tho crowd m ho became - an object of both curiosity and g> criticism, no less than, his , private secretary, p The Marquis, thiufeing that tho crew cf the E Cerborus and the whole naval brigade had K turned out on strike, made inquiry as to the j| cause of the gathering. He was informed lint i, a distinguished official, who affects a knowledge | of nautical matters, had that day advertiied for a " handy man ; one accustomed to the sea preferred." The interesting collection 'of marine fossils was the result. - His Excellency j appeared reassured, and made 'an entry under tho heading, "social aspects."; ; Patrick Jielahunty was a loyal Irishman;-! rara avis indeed in these days of slaughter and dynamite. He had selected a 20 acta block, in the remote part of Gippslaad, and there was every prospect that Fat's daji would be long and happy in the land, Buban adverse fate wilier) otherwise. Before many months were over Mr. Delahunty lay ill with | the fever, and, after a severe sickness, died, f The wake was held in due course. The visual ? ceremonies and lustrations wero performed, | and everything went off with great Mil, | But it must have been in the later portions' cf j the ovening that the nice little plan was de- j vised by which the expectant son- in-law should inherit witiiout difficulty the tempting littb 20 ncre block before alluded to. At all events in the official form of transfer despatched to Melbourne next day the following sufficlmt I reason for parting with tho property wa9 set forth in what purported to bo tho handwriting | of tho deceased, — " Because, being dead and buried, I have no further use for the land. (Signed) Patbick Delahunty." Tho Sunday struggle still rages fiercely, find is rapidly bringing to the fore the character istic qualities of tho clerical party. I have been informed of another instance which shows how, with a shrill feminiuo habit of de nouncing all their opponents, somo of their lenders combine a keen femiuino love of self- approbation. After au evangelical meeting in ono of the prominent halls of the city tho other evening the account was rendered in tbo usual way. A day or so elapsed, when » clergyman, pale witli indignation, anil With, rage written on every foaturo, visited the as tounded secretary, and, brandishing his ami menacingly, thus addressed him, " How dare- you send me in an account of this description! You have omitted the D.D. after my namo. Write me out another bill at once, addreseing it in tho proper manner, and bo Buro you hate tho omission rectified in your hooks," A correspondent upeountry some way writes to mo about the reckless system under which J.P.'s appointments aro made. As he docs not think the system will ho altered, ho BuggestX that "a tost be applied." "An idea that finds favor with many is," says he, " tbat the Governor should periodically issuo his ukaao for a uit- uting at ono common centre, and a 'grand parade of justices,' tho day's proceed' ings to wind up with a ' spelling bee,' and Iho dismissal from this awkward squad of all tbs incapable and impudent numskulls without— a la Sandhurst J,P. — ' pregudis.' This is the way to find .out what manner oi men those are that aro called ' leading.' " Divorce in tho United States has arrived at Buch a pitch of perfection that it is now regarded as a social institution. Tho lato >mail brings tho account of a divorcod wifo performing the best offices to her successor by bestowing heronhcrlate husband, whilst the presents from tho deposed wife to her successor are described as of tho mo3t costly character. The husband hold a good position in society at Chicago, asd tho journals of that city set forth in full bhe particulars of his matrimonial experiences. ' The doubt3 which scoptioal oritlcs have ox- / pressedin regard to the Mosaiohistory of thods- j parturo of tho Hebrews from Egypt bavo boo® I taken advantage of by some ciito Parisian pro" I motors. It is proposed, with a view of proving I tho correctness of tho story, to form a \- -ptny for tho purposo of dredging tho Red Son at the point where Pbnrnoh'b army is Baid ' to havo been engnlphed, and by recovering tho spoils of tho eabmerged hosts not only to pdt sceptics fo shame but hnndsomoly repay, pjoua investors in tho company, Tho pro spectus states — authority not given — that VJJharaoh's treasury of gold and jewels was v with tho army when tho waters covered them -'.up. A good deal of shrcwdnesB is shown by . 'the promoters in thuB combining piety and prospecte of rich results to contribntors. Tho i ioanital rennircd is only 300.000 francs. ;j ATTICU8, 