IFloveUst. A STRANDED SHIP, ; A 8TORY OP SEA AND SHORE. BY L. OLARKE DAVfS. h : "If the red slaver thinks ho slays, v v ; Or if tho slain thinks ho Is slain, '. Tbey know not well tho Bubtlo ways I keep, and pass, and torn again." Ralph Waldo Ditsasow. (CoSTCfUKD.) >. ; owfltaggcringbenoaihandmonntingtrium. phontly again to tho snrfaco of tho wares, rearing and planging liko a horso unused to . . goading and feeling whip and spur for tho first time, tho yaoht sailed on ; when, fromtho wrecking-station, below about which wreckers and fiRfcnrmnn find frnthnrttd infinntn (n wnf/ili ' the adventurous craft, a signal woo ran up. " Make half n point south," it said. Instantly thoyacht was squared away as indicated, whon, coming full before tho wind, hot jib-Bheota woro . torn away ono by ono, tho topsal shivered for a moment in tho galo ana then was ripped out, and fluttered away liko a cloud ; yot, all unmindful of tho wrcok abovo . tand below, tho man at tho helm kept hor bow that half a point Bouth, for there lay tho nor- , row inlet, dangerous and uncertain in faiVest 'weather, aa its breakers roared and broke, but : w now a. desporato, almost a hopeless chance. Margaret Daunton hold tho Professor's . arm with a ficrco grip. M Will the man maka thoinlot?" sho asked. Vis ho Bare to do it?" "I don'fcknow; it isa poor. chance, " tho Professor said: "But why more anxiety for that handsomo, daring dovil at tho holm than for tho two or three other men there, Mar- ..garot?" (f Can you look at' tho different, men, and , auk that V lie 8tand8orcot,hcadandshouldcr8 ahovp.them all. From hero you can see tho coward-look in their shrinking figures, bat thcro is nono in his. Ho is not careless of lite lifo; ho is bonding every, nervo and musolo to eavo himsolf and them, and yet, when hewiU' bo within a singlo inoraont of his death; ho will not moro certainly look it in tho faco than 1 ' ho is doing now; Why should I not givo my -jcaympathy to 'tho bravo man instead oi'to.tho cowards tlicro?:". . ... A,_. : . " Becauscj Margaret, tho . cowards there may havo'wivos and children. at home ; and that fellow has !jwnb,.or ho would give this leo-shoro a wide berth;"' / . ' / Then a cloud of suspicion or doubt fell .be' ' tween; these two. that had novor been there-be- fore, .and thoy .walked ondown-,fho;beaoh to thb irildt in sUerico which noithor cored, to. . disturb. The Professor was annoyed and vexed by the girl's interest in this stronger, who guided liis boat among thobroakcrs with, aaoli frbo arid skilful daring and she, . too, was annoyed tliaj tho Profos3or, always ! boforo just and generous, should withhold any . . credit from the bravo fellow out there, strugg ling so grandly for lifc. . ' v Yet what could it. matter to tne.old Pro-- . 'feasor for whom she interested herself?; Wexb ; not his loveb and romances away, baok thero . among tho dead. Hollonio fables ? -Ho had said 1 . 8o,»yct tho irian's heart boat uneasily, whon ho saw this girl, whom ho had grown toponsidor ; his vdty iOwh.hy eyory..fcio of gratitudo and affection Jbosfowing her /sympathy .and; show- , ing deep feeling for pnothor, and that othor . as stranger'; dimly Been as yet farout atsea. - jte. had fprgotten, in his annoyahoo at. watch the coareo of tho . yacht,; ' " cvhon a /arp cry 'from her snddonly drew nis 't ptteniiori ' to tho, ctruggling boat, ; An ugly. nquaU. he4. struck her -at an imminent mo- monti tearing out the deck fastening, which . field the main-sail 'aquaro away, and in.an in- > atant ifc was' 'flung .aloft, caught by the gale,; . and .wpurid about and around fclio pliant mast, . v whioh' bent liko steel. Top-sails and jibs and 'mainsail woro gone, and nothing loft bat tho . /orcsaii.now, which, in tho flawy gale, thrcat- rid momentarily i to, . jibo, in which caso all ' - . efforts would do rendered futilo. But ho- Ww-oonted, sailor at, tho helm hold, tho v littlo yeapiri on her cours'o aa undaunted- as if- V he know oyary drop of wator undor him. .Tho ffoar and thUriderof tho aurfworotoodoep for 'ithoso on shoro to.hnwf -W'co» W . gestures thoy lcr\ow,tbftt hp .was giving oraors .. vwbich |wero not obeyed by tlio demoralized (CTCW, Z;.; ;; = . .. . . , ' J . Tho yaolit' wa3 of twelve foot beam, wliuo : tlio cutrancp to the inlot .was barely twenty feet in all... So that oven in easo thpsmloro quick oyo detected tho vory contro/oi the channel, ho wpuld have aoarcoly fopr feet Pf vaicr on cither'gunwalc. - ./ ' 'v' - Captain Brown stpod among his men, .who, <<nfmrr nn Mm rhIm of .tho WC'DOBtSt JfCODly , watohod tho daring sailor , : . . Sho- novcr ken mako it, Capon Brown; V iff lie luffs, sh'll jibe, on' of ho don t luff, that . & at banvas .'ill. RO.ly.tba VJnd,", said a ; ' -ooliy-nkioncd, whoosy-voiicd gld foUow at Csptain'nsido. . . ' : , ,, . .. V5WS how, I don't Icnow aboijt ur'iv It3'" one01'"11- ott Bce> ",n' Willi, peart, ho inland lio'a got truo young . ; pfyct-y, nn> ho'B got a olear oyo grit, an y.ool hand, an'. ho ryonldn't our- nn a oteo -jUq y;on, auor ol!.': tho Captain pnsonioiL gjtontioualy. ... drawled out, opproochcd jho month of „ ftai,thobroaltora that already. ;tho Bcotliing ht I1(j leaped ungn.hor dcols, : sprang at hor Jio y;i.:G\vardond licr f ore- fi nil, , wlion sho lurched ' ciood . tho jury o£ tho galo ; .. whibh hitherto haa ,. ttooai to gafT. and ; unscathed, parted T/jdjn;. & ribbonr, . directly was only a lia. '. 1 in tho wind.: nEsdly run down to Tlio lifo-boats v.-ero hui -nod, and - a doscn tho shore,' as quiohly mai. ready to launch .brawny fieliermen 'stood' by," htbobar.-But. . i tlioni whoa tho little' cratt Btr, Was auddonly \- alio did not strikb at ' all. ' Sho' aaught n fow . . put hard to 'windward, tho galo .. '. 0bpUt tho 1 yarda oi the main- sail dtjll uiilurlo . , aog peak, eho oboyed tho hand ht tho .' whilo the oage'r crowd looked on a : their breath wliilo a hundred .'seconds" vgain, bo fold off, tho yaoht lilted up liar bow i. iitruolt tho orost of: tho last ddfoatod hrea. plunged and rose and plunged and roob, a , . tlio' neit instant sailed 'quietly '.into til imrUfllod uurfaco of tlio river. . , ' Without any Booming liasto or oroitoment sho was' battened' down; attor oomo trunkei and baygago wero brought upfronVliolow.hcr ' Shattered sails ivcre furlcd, hor rigging cut away, hor dooks oloarod, hor yawl was lnnn-, obod, tho lnggBgo atowod Into it, and then tho orow and tho bluo-cooted sailor landed. Ho wns'mot' by tho wreokfog-mostor, who oxtendod his brawny hand in tolciin of wel-. oomo and followohlj. for tho old follow had boon a ooilor boforo tho othor Was born. " Thanks for yonr timely, signal, Captain. Tho littlo Arga would ecaroely haro brought us eatoly to shoio without it ; and ' in that caso tho golden ficcos would havo been alto, gcthor lost to mo, I am afraid." " I danno about that flceco, Cop'on, but I doknowyon'vo jaot-oaTod your bocou, and although , I . spy it to yonr faco, whioh I shouln't, ypu're a bravo follow, and I'd liko to shako hands agon if yon don't mind it ; also,- whilo yon'ro hero, I'd liko it mightily, it yon'd mako my houso yonr own, inst to stay at or coma and go to, da yon liko: a bod's bettor nor'a.hammock any time, ana oimllarly, dry land bottcr nor wator ; hut," said tho Cap., tain, "why ,in thunder, aid . yon, , a poart enough sailor, as I'vo scon to-day, rnn onto a Ico-Bharo in a nov'-cnotor ? " . . . > "The Toot thing firs t. then, 'Cap tain. Tho yacht has ecttlod qix Inchco oinco oho crossed that last breaker; that. Btrainod; and. ham- morod her to death ; bat sho was sinking bo? foro the galo camooh,an3Irahbnaleo-slioro, thinking only of bettohing.hcr.as a despor- ato ohanco for lifo; jnst then I-saw yonr inlet hero, mads : for it, and got my bourse by yonr signal, and bore I am, and thoro's my hand, and I will taka yonr bed, and again a thou sand thunka.to yon for my aafety." - " Yon ought, to' . thank Cod for it, young man; for whon tho sca roso up to swallow yon alivo, it was His. hand, not mine, that parted tho waters and delivered yon." . " I do thank Cod,", tho :saiior said, "with all my heart, my friend, and — . 1 ' Something just then blanahed the bravo yonng fellow's faco whiter than tho threatened death out thcro hud done. What was it 7 What had stopped tho ready enrront of his talent- ting short his Bpcoch? What' was it that mado his. hand, tremblo np to his mouth in that woal:, ancortaln way 7 Not anything in tho old Captain's mannar ; not tho Soft, brown eyes of tho- girl, timidly bent upon him; not tho-ouiet. controlled eves of tho man on whose arm sho leaned. . Yet, for a hurried moment, he was cawed, as no mere physical danger could have done; ho- seemed to tho girl to havo snddonly lost his hoight of stuturo and bravcry.ot bearing; to shrink and tremblo beforo , tho man at . her sldo, Sho looked alternately into .their: faces 'for an answer to his carious bshaviour; hut when she turned to: tho Professor, tho usual gravo, reticent smilo was on his lips, and il tho two man bad ovar mot boforo, tnoro was no sign of it in tho Professor's eyes, whieh lookod dully into tho oyes of the dailor, absent of meaning or recognition. . . - . ' When.otillpcrploxodat tho unsolved riddle, sho turncd agoin to tho other man, ho was shaking hands gsyly enough -with tho old wrcoklng-mastor;,thon ho' gavo soma direc tions quietly' and coolly to his crew ftbont his lu'ggogo and tho. sinking yaoht. His lace was turned fully toward her, .and she noticod that tho pallor and fright wero gone from it; that his mannar was -easy and pos sessed; that, ss ha looked toward her, tnoro was a bright, boyish smilo in his eyes ; and whon Captain Brown presented Mr. Luke Connor to her and tho Profossor, the two mon gravely sainted each other after -tho fashion of gontlbmoh, ahd.sha noticod the bits of talk succeeding, had. nothing difforont in . them from, othor bits of talk likely to ehaneobo- twoon two intelligent persons 'when intro- dnood'to oaoh nthor...:.:'; . t 'l ." 'Wo. must .' oohgratnlato you on your escapo,"! tho Profossor said. "Yonr vessol is- sinking, I think yon told tho . Captain.'" : " Yes, sho leaked badly.beforc, but that last . thnmping .' sho got in tbo inlot wss too mneh for hor. I Shb'will bo gone in on hour, if shois not nlipady aground.. . . . 1 . "Thoq,"- said; Maiairot, , hor rare, sweet smile mocking tho gravely spokon words, - " I am afraid tho modern Jason-will havo hll the dangers, (if, tlio voyngo and pnrshit, without finding tho treasure ho scaks." - . ' Ijuko Connor looked, far ant to sea ins the girl stopped speaking, as if ho weighed the dangers.'ho had passed, bolero . ho answered hor. , . . i Iomnotdosoroof that," ho said presently. " Tho godo of to-day, I fanoy, are as : vigilant and strong as thoso older ones ; indeed, I am not sure they are not tho same; anil who knows that thoy did not Bond tho: Now Argo there, to this shore, knowing that hem tho modorh Jason might find what ho Bought? Advonturors orb sailing to-day ;ovor ovory- sea in scareh of it ; ono is hunting it in tho mined of California or. Australia, anothorin India or- Japan, ' but overybody ts . hunting . it some where.; :i' think tho golden fioooo of to-day. is only another namo. for happiness, and I am as likely to' find it hero as elsowhora." \- The .man's voico had grown law and solemn and prophetia, 'and tho girl, notioing ,his changed manner, looked at him curionsly.. : If then he' had given ono bold glanca into tho pure brown oyes beforo him', or had darod to cast a single admiring look.at hor, or at tho bright masses of .the golden hair, waving bo lnxuriaritly. about her nook and faco, , sho Would havo caught: tho hidden, sense.. of -his: meaning, and il sho had, shoiwoqid have avoided, him forever alter. . But his eyes did not bhica meet hdrs, thoy being still-, bent far oat at sea; and tho girl, too simple and tree- to be snspiaious or to take alarm, only simply wondorqa, whore, . among . tho.'mmanoholy' grpveS of that grim shore, tlio . golden priso might hang, ; i,1-;. \- But the Profc'B3or, quiokcr of thought: than- Bho, hnd more snspiaious too, knew that Mar- : garot had onrionsly attracted Irako Connor, and that the tawny, hair. fioating about bar form; typified to the rcaklcss sailor Jason'sfsb- lodflpeoo. Tho Argo had settled at flood tido. but her; Rook still showed abovo tho snrfaco of tho' sbnlldw rlvor. '(Sholios safe onohah there." Luko soid. " If you think hor traps worth tlio troublo, sho is-yonrs to'dismatitlo, Captain 'Brown, hut lior hulUs sprained and thumped' to.pioooa,''. " ' Ho lookod baok rogrotfujiy at tho sunken wrcol:. . Thoy had boon good frionda together, the man and hie boat;; If, as ho said, tho gpldon' flcodo was only another name for hoppiposa, ho hod sought Unit in many places in his yaoht. Thoy had shared n good many clangors, lived truo, bravo Iivc3 together, otrug-. gling ' and wrestling .with tonjpest aijd son, and now tho old Argp Jay tlicrp in ' tbjt lfojb of a rivor, sunk and wbrthlos3. It had boon a hottor lifo than any ha know on- shore.; .That iwaB a fovor of 'dissipation',' a. rdund 'of ''pleasure that wSS unwholesome and vile. Tho only loyo ho know thcro was tho lovo tliat- ho hpd bongbf. Tho lips that kissed tbopnro' brow ofBoyolio, hadkjssed noporolipi sinoo ; tho hand made bloody on '.that long-ago com- mbneomont flight had novor boon dear again, ho morbidly fanoied. Yot in ovbry hour of this man's plnngos intovico and wrotched- : nose, liis. truo, nobler self cried out for some- thing bettor— for tho sweet, manly lifo ho had onoo known— for friendship : and lovo. But ho know that men looked boldly on liim ; that fathers of pure girlo novor asked him to thoir houses ; that, mixed with tho sineefcat interest men over showed' him,' there was more then, one half morbid enriboity. Ho knew, when ho mot his former friends face to faco, that if Uioy noticed liirn at all, which feiy did, thoy wore quietly wondering, da thoy passed on thoir opposite way, how a murderer muot feel ; what mast bo tlio daily lifo of a' limn who lias " espod hanging, or whatdlstorapored fanoios' &S; murdered victim,' tortured .him by night. . ' , :: If ho could have hnoworod thoni at all, ho -would havo said that no thonght of 'being hanged, that no ghost of :tho dead man who had wronged his sister, aver osmo to him' by .day or. night. Bnt whilo no ghost over hanntodhim, sleeping or waking, tho awful erimo of whlah his soal stood guilty was :like a second self, clinging oloso as 'his skin, nrg- ing bim forever into tho Lotho of riot and dis- sipation. Ha only lived to forgot, to; got rid for awhila of himself;' and the pity ot it all was, that undor tho orust of vieo that was on it;, thore was a truo, manly; noblo self, foil of generous impute, capable of h'orolo nchiove- monto, worthy of good utofl's ' honor and affcotionato regard; but indeed it was true, he -had faoried it all voiy deep, so that'mcn wont on remembering his crime, after they should have forgiven and forgottori tho actors in it.-.; 1 . . Whilo tho men whom ho had known' In that old, happier time placod a gulf, impossible to bridge over; botwcon. hlbr and thom, it was enrioas that womon and littlo ohildron, with thoir pnro, u'norring InstinotB, camo oloso to and loved tha man. It might havo been paytly his. gonnine, hearty- manner, -or 'his oupcrb beauty, olive and magnetie with health and strength; or his froo thought and freo opcooh that baguiled them and won thoir hearts; bnt whatever it was womon and ohil- drcn had been vory tender ot hisfanltsand loving of Imko Connor. ' As ho 'walked besido Margaret Dannton from the' boaoh to tho farm.house, his in-, etincts telling him how pnro and gcntlo a wpmaU.Bho was, his sonso ehowing him how beantifnl and intelligent she was, bo felt as ho had never dono before; hiscrimo weighed heavily upon him, and ha know with deadly certainty that the once swcot waters' ot lifo that ho had maddied, he must drink to tho. end; that a pnro woman; eaintly in thought and deed, was not for him togathortohis breast. Othor mon, with clean hands and nn- sallied -mimo, -might etrivo to win, and somo ono many her; bnt he alono was ehflt out and nndor tho ban. ; In that samo hour, if tha old'Argoj lying a snnkon, worthless wrcok in tho river thcro, eonld havo been mado seaworthy again,' ha would-bavo nlnnacd once mora iflto tha breakers ..with .hor, no matter bow the bar threatened, nor. what etorms prevailed or winds blow.1 Better tho snddon death ant yonder, than to live- to bear this girl's- ro- prosoh. It was not that sho had already be- como ossontlol to him, bnt it was natural that a man eat off from whito bread for many long yearn, should loatho the black loaf lot- over bold to his lips, and hungor for tho othor; or. that a barefooted boggar; panning tho bonndarloa of a fair domain, shonla panso for a whilo to behold how fair it -was, and then to wieh that tho tltlo to it ohontd bo mado olear to him and his heirs forovar; especially nataral would it scorn if the beg gars tastes fitted him to enjoy such an estate. He, Imko Connor, was tho man who had eaten only ot tho blaok. broad of bought, vicious pleasures, whore nature oricd out hnn- grily for bettor food ; ho was the barofootod beggar, gazing ovor the wall ot a beautiful domain, whoso fruitful nores otrotohed away to . tho . sea and ekydine— a wall , whieh ho miglit. novor cross, lest tha cry of tho keeper be raised against him, and -ho bo hunted down. . \- Ho fait that. ho was nota man whilo ho eonld not say to this girl's mother, " Givo mo yonr ohiid,: for -I love hor." < Other mon might go to ; hor, tolling tho reverential lovo thoy felt, but ho novor might. . \- Ho eonld never, do .that; his hands wore bloody ; and it it wore right for ; the State, or -Jnstiop, to take lifo at all, ho had-no right to hio lifo oven; It, hod been saved, and - tho' State, or Jastioo, cheated oat of it bya qnib- blo;a lawyer's.shrewd eloqneneo, or uia whim of a soft-hearted jary; so ho felt that ho bore' his Ufe oven under a .false pretence; and that- it had been forfeited long ago'. - Yet no man loved, life bettor than ho loved his. It was sweot ana goo a to him from tho rising to tho setting . of uio oun ; nnd no man -would' havo foaght more ' desporately to preserve it, if a strugglo oomo. But itcouldnoyor.be a man's full lifo, ho thought, unless ho might lovo and marry -as othor. mon oonld. -Ho know tho dangor boforo him whon it was only an h'our old; bnt he did 'not flco from it. Lot the sarly, kcoper oomo, ho said' bat ho would first sco tho boantifal fields, tho -long, dim ' paths, ! tho friortdly shadows of tho trees, smell tho frogranco of tho flowers and hoar the songs of birds on4 plash -Of fountains. < Let the kcoper coma; tho boggor Woald havo olimbed; tho .wall .and soon - with hie1 own1; eyes' ' how broad and fair the landscape; was; and -as ho was turned out again -to .wander' ovoil .tho rough highways, eating' hid blaok bread, what ho had seen and heard wonld bo a pleae- ant and happy memory to hlrn' forever. , So, Luko Connor, resolved to linger tor n day or two, with tho boantifal woman, nndor the old wreoking-mooter'o roof,- end then be would go baok to tho: lovo' that eonld bo bought 'and pleasures that baryeolf and, bring forgotful- neep. But ho novor, would forgot; that ho had scon Margaret Dannton, and'that, 'for a day or two, ha - had. stood up. boforo h6r,:-ae-' countcd worthy of hor regard and honor.:- '' . But ho' did not go after a day or two, hor yet after many doya; Ho, too, after long, tongli years, sat down by tho ; sweot waters and -ato of. tho blisslul lotus, whioh brought droamfnl easo and forgatfalness of orimo and, .troublo, 1 . - : Ho sont to town to have his homos' brought down, 'ho .dlsoarded his bailor's :suit, and' robed himsolf bravolv, as a man does who- wishes to appear at his heat in tho. eyes of tho' .woman ho loves.1 : ' Tho story of that old farm-honso was re peating 'itsoll at cvory watoring-plaoo, 1 largo and small, along , the wholo Atlantic coast; and at every summer retreat in nionntain or valloy, Tho.old, old otory, forever beautiful' and now, of two, people of oppositO BOx, oomiiig dirootly to bolievo that "all tor love; ana tao .wona won lose " in tno only true religion. Margaret Dannton and Lako Coil- nor'hod loarned thot faith on tha,eands,'that: day by tho eca, I think ; but then thoy only saw, as in a glass, darkly.;; and; now, -after theso'many days of rides and -walks and sun- . sot wanderings thoy would havo died at tho stako for it, bravoly as any bigot of tho oldon timo for liis higher creed. . This was , nil very bad for the grave old Professor indeed. IIo had made a terriblo' miotako of it. If ho had only, in -thoso old daya at homo, boon lose blind, less devoted, to his stupid books; less interested in his 'Greek- poetry and .College duties ; if ho had only lovc'd his Hollonio horoincs loss, and eared moro tor the beautiful, loving girl whom his stupid affcotion calldd-oiotor I r \- But ho had boon so scbura in his possession of -the yollow-hoircd, little, girl tho'f.ho had, bean in no' hiirry- to fall in 'lovo 'with and' marry hor. Thore, at homo, his' dear old mother ployed house-dog, kooping watch "and ward 'at tho gato, driving all poaohoro awajl; but horo, in this aumiflor holiday, oamo this barelootcd boggar, Luko Cohflor, olaiming tho fair domain, and making out ' a good title to it, too. (To be continued:) . ' > 