GENERAL TOM THUMB. Mousing Advertiser. July 17th. "Tom Thumb's 110 more!" cries Noodle in Fielding's first of burlesques, and harrows the soul of good King Arthur with the direful tidings how the small commander on his way to breakfast, after having killed rebellion, was swallowed up in the public street by a red cow " larger than the largest size." The little hero however receives the benefit of poetic license, and is revived to spend his honey moon with Princes3 Huucamunca. It is only in "the tragedy of tragedies" poot-Tom Thumb is favored by. this easy immor tality. We have word of his death to day, and though the herald is not above suspicion the news seems accurate, piti fully true. Even in our ashes live our wonted fires, aud it is a consequence of fame that the ghost and memory of a man retain the peculiar aspect of his celebrity as ho achieved it in the flesh. It is quite impossible to take tho death of the American dwarf in tho same way as wo should hear that a bright particular star of the average material magnitude had dropped out of the firmanent. A "puny, fantastical sorrow," like that of Olivia's for her pet, seems the feeling appropriate to the fatality. Not that the deceased general was all pigmy. On the contrary, he had a spirit still greater than that of Dr. Watts. It is recorded of that metrical moralist that going into his publisher's one day somebody wondered aloud that the famous Dr. Watts was so small a man. With that tho doctor turned round, drew himself up to his full height, and fixing tho impertinent critic with his eye, threw off an impromptu to tho ell'oct that wero ho tall enough to reach tho pole or gird tho ocean with his span, ho should be measured by his soul, on the ground that " tho mind's the standard of the man." In the same way we have it re corded of Tom Thumb that on hisiirst visit to Duckingham Palaco, now forty years ago, he approached the Royal circle, and bowing gracefully, remarked to Her Majesty that he had seen her before, and added with quiet dignity his opinion that tho room was prettier than the picture gallery outside,and thatlhechandelierwas especially fine. Assuredly not many youths of his age in theso realms would on tho first meeting have set tho Queen and Court so handsomely at their ease by the quiet affability of his manner. But he gave on that occasion a direct proof that, though but twenty- live inches high, ho was 011 as good terms with himself as if the inches were feet. iler Majesty took him by the hand and introduced the Prince of Wales. " How are you, Prince ?" quoth tho General, shaking him by the hand. Then standing beside tho heir of England, and measuring himself to tho Royal child, somewhat as Tony Lumpkin measured himself to his fair relative, tho microscopic and precocious Yankee said, " The Prince is taller than I am, but I feel as big as anybody," aud with that proclamation strutted up aud down the floor, to the vast amusement of all present. On another occasion he ac quitted himself at Buckingham Palace pretty much as Gulliver acquitted himself iu Brobdignag. The Royal poodle made a sally 011 him, but the General, seizing a cane,put the ferocious monster to liight after a valiant effort. Ill November, 1842, as Barnum tells us in his " Struggles, Triumphs, ami Rccol lections," while at Bridgeport, Connecti cut, on the look-out for wonders, he heard of a very small child, and soon hunted up the curiosity. There was a bright faced, intelligent, perfectly-formed little fellow, 10 pounds weight and under two feet high. His name was Charles S. Stratton. The king of showmen engaged the prodigy for four weeks at three dol lars a week, withall travelling expenses for himself and his mother, and brought him to New York, where he spent great care and pains in training the little creature, who was an apt pupil, with much native talent and a keen senso of the ridiculous. Before twelve mouths the young Gene ral's salary had been raised to 25 dollars a week, and a year afterwards ho agreed on a European tour at 50 dollars and all ex penses. His fame preceded him, and a crowd waited on the kiuding-placo at Liverpool to receive this miniature Re publican, but he evaded the honor by coming on shore disguised as an infant in his mother's arms. The hit in England, and for that matter in Europe, was de cided. Like another General lie came, was seen, and conquered. Even in those days Barmim understood tho art of ad vertising as well as Mr Puff in Sheridan's comedy ; and the Royal patronage was cleverly used to spur the public interest. For example, care was taken to make it leak out that on the Lilipu tian's third visit to Buckingham Palace, Leopold, King of tho Belgians, being present, Queen Victoria asked the General to sing, and asked him what song ho liked best. " Yankee Doodle " was the prompt reply, as London was speedily made aware, to the instant spread of admiring curiosity and the in creased takings of the enterprising ex hibitor. The General's popularity was crowned by his repartee to the Duke of Wellington, who happened to call at Tom's IcvCu while that strategist was per sonating tho First Napoleon. In this character he was marching up and down the platform, his hands, in tlio historical attitude, behind his back, and seemingly in deep meditation. Tho Iron Duke asked tho subject of liis thoughts, to which the General replied, " I was think ing of the loss of the battlo of Waterloo." This flash was worthy of the best wit among them, and wo can well believe that it electrified tho country, and, as Barmim practically puts it, was worth thousands of pounds to tho show. Tho General left England for tho Continent laden with costly presents. His journey abroad was a triumph, and it was on his return to England that hi3 exhibitor made his bold bid for Shakespeare's house at Stratford-on-Avon, and all but secured it too, his object being to transport it, as he did Jumbo, to the United States as a grand trophy wrested from the Bloepy civi lisation of tho Old World. Dickens, in one of his Christmas stories, has a romance of the rivalry of a giant and a dwarf who were smitten by the same charms. The old parallel between fact and fiction is not exactly realised by Tom Thumb's courtship, hut it seems as comic in its way. Tho General fell in love with Miss Lavinia "Warren, a female dwarf of many accomplishments. In this petty passion the course of true love ran as roughly as if a pair of the largest sizo were borne on the troubled current. The celebrated Commodore Nutt was also slave to the fair Lavinia, and we have it from Mr Barnum that whenover the General approached the lady the Com modore was on hand, and " strutted round like a bantam rooster." Not only this, but blood was like to have been shed. One day the rivals camo to grips, and the Commodore threw the General on his back. Moreover, the Commodore talked about pistols and bowie knives,and other lethal weapons, while the General, hough nominally a man of war, was, we learn, by nature most pacific, and showed the better part of valor in respect of the choleric pretender, who wanted to make it an affair of arms. Tom effected by strategy what ho could not gain by strength. Ho invited the young lady to visit his mother,- Bliowed her his houses and lands, likewise a mortgage on another man's property, and then popped the question. Ho was accepted, and though the Commodore at first looked formidable and refused to content himself with the lady's sister, Miss Minnio Warren, lio cooled down in a fortnight, and not only agreed to bo the bridegroom's best man but engaged himself to tlio small sister of the small bride. After tho marriage, which was adroitly turned to account as an attraction which brought many thousands of dollars, tho fairy people paid another visit to Europe, and were as heartily received as before. Since their return they liavo lived on the General's very handsome property so privately that it will read as a surprise to many to hear only now of the death of the performer who was tho fashion forty years ago. General Tom Thumb was among the smallest sized dwarfs, though of a decidedly larger class of pigmy than General Mite and the little lady recently exhibited in Piccadilly. Ho was 25 inches high, whereas tho famous Geoffrey Hudson, though only 18 inches up to the age of 30, then grew rapidly to nearly four feet. Count Borowlaski was 3 feet 3 inches at 30, Nicholas Ferry was nearly 3 feet when ho died at 23. Two contemporary dwarfs wero of tho samo height as tho General, and like liim showed that intelligence which so remark ably distinguishes tho fiery sprightly race of pigmies from the heavy and stupid race of the giants. 