General ITo-vts. The horse is the proudest conquest of man, according to Buffon, but the donkey we should imagine is a more difficult one. Perhaps men have never rna.de enough of the donkey ; but John Hall, ot Long.acre, Birmingham, has made him into potted meat, or at least kept his flesh for that purpose. Perhaps John Hall wished to solve one of the subtlest problems that ves the philosophic mind. AVhat becomes of the dead donkeys ? Sam Weller believed that mortal man had never seen a duati donkey, for he distrusted the evidence of ' the gentleman lu black, silk smalls who knew a young womji) who kept a goat' — in other words, i le ingenious author of the * Sentimental Journc '-' Mr. Welter's own ' hasty g' (as Cambridge men say when they mean a ''hasty gencr.l isation') was that the dead post-.boys rode off on the dead donkeys, But John Hall, of Long nere, has cleared up the problem, and demon strated that dead donkeys become po^cd me*t, at least at Long-acre, Birmingham, No p ic will deny that a pptted donkey must be defunct. Another confirmation of the hypothesis tha{ donkeys prc mortal is obtained from a new work on ** Revenants et ran- I tomes,' by M. D'Assier, who tells the story of I two gentlemen who saw the ghost of a mule. 1 This, if not absolutely conclusive testimony, tends at least in the direction of John Hails proof. Neither his economy in making use of an animal whose mortal remains are almost valueless, nor the scientific interest of his experiment has saved John Hall from the vindictiveness of the law. The Birmingham magistrates described his offence as a '? heinous one,' and sentenced him to two month's imprisonment. What was good enough for the Hyperborean Apollo is not good enough for the people of Long-acre. To the A jollo of the North, the blameless Hyperboreans, according to Pindar, were in the habit of sacrificing hecatombs of wild asses, and the Theoan j-oet expressly remarks that the god liked the custom. Wild ass of course may be more wholesome than the domestic variety, but there seems no reason at all why ass's flesh should be less wholesome than that of horses— the favourite food of our heathen Teutonic ancestors. If John Hall had lrankly offered the potted ass for what it was, perhaps the (aw might not have interfered with him. At die same time, his sale for the article would probably have been limited. If donkey had become popular as part of our food supply, some wrongs which the animal has long endured might have been redressed. In Eng land the ass has been regarded as the type of stubborn stupidity, No ^poetry ^bangs about him, though Coleridge wrote about a young ass, and Wordsworth contributed ' a string of highly valuable thoughts' to the poetic history of the animal. In the East, when kings' sons habitually rode on white asses, the antmal was held in much higher regard. Mr. Stevenson in ' his travels with a donkey'|had done some thing to elucidate the psychology of the animal, especially as to the arguments best calculated to induce him to mend his pace. But even the clo*e companionship of many days with a donkey does not seem to beget the friendliness which we can feel for the horse, the dog, or even the unsympathetic and irresponsive cat. Mr, Matthew Arnold, in his latest poem, has lamented iht* isolation of birds. Even of pet birds, like ' poor Matthias,' we never really know much, and of cockatoos in particular it is impossible to know when they will bite the hand that strokes them. ' We mortal millions live alone,' and no animal has a lot more isolated or lonely than that of the ass. The sporting world, usually so interested in the lower animals, is indifferent to him. There js seldom much belting on a donkey-race, and even the conditions of the struggle are pur posely matlti difficult and grotesque, ' Every man to ride his neighbor's beast, and the last at the post to be the winner.' There is no seriousness in this. Despised and ridiculed in his lifetime, the only comfort of the ass must be the reflection that he is undisturj-ed in his death, and that to make polled meat of his remains is illegal. In this age of adulterations, even compara tively primitive Spain has not escaped, One Spanish magistrate, at least, has hit upon a highly original mode of dealing with them. A Frencn paper quotes the proclamation of a certain alcade from Dogberry himself might envy : — '* All articles,' runs this precious document, 'in the shape of wines, groceries, and provisions, which upon examination and analysis are proved to be iujurious to health, will Ije confiscated forthwith, and distributed to the different charitable institutions.' The Bad and Worthless are never imitated or counterfeited. That is especially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proof that the remedy imitated is of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best and most valuable family medicine on earth, many imitations sprung up and began to steal the notices in which the press and the people of the country had expressed the merits of 11, B., and in every way trying to induce suffering invalids lo use their stuff instead, ex pecting to make money on the credit and good name of H. B. Many others started nostrums put up in similar style to H. B., with variously devised names in which the word '* Hop' or ' Hops' were used in a way to induce people to believe they were the same Hop Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what their style or name is, and especially those with the word ' Hop' or ' Hops' in their name or in any way connected with them or their name, are imitations or counterfeits. _ Beware of them. Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine American Hop Bitters, With a bunch or cluster of (ireen Hopson the white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists and Chemists are warned against dealing in imita tions or counterfeits. Mrs. Peter Schinsky is one of those Austrian ladies who take much better care of their animal pets than they do of their children. She has got a pet poodle by the name of Fido. Yesterday Mrs. Schinsky 's little boy, Bob, asked his mother. * Shall I give Fido this piece of sugar he is begging for ? ' * No, my child, it plight spoil his teeth. Eat it yourself, Bobby.' 