SYDNEY. A RATHER serious accident happened on the tram- way on Friday night. A domestic servant named Mary Donnelly, while coming by the late train from Waterloo, stood up close to the door of the carriage. The tram suddenly going round a sharp curve, she lost her balance and fell out. The conductor stopped the trans and found her lying insensible on her back a short distance from the rails. She was taken to the Sydney hospital, where she regained consciousness, but complained of severe pains in her head and side. A little boy about five years old, a son of Thomas E. Colebrook, Harris-street, Pyrmont, was burnt to death on Thursday at about seven o'clock in the morning. The father heard the child screaming down stairs, and found him with his night-clothes in flames and severely burnt. He had been trying to light a fire in the grate when his night-dress caught, and he was so terribly burnt that he died. At a meeting of the medical section of the Royal Society on Friday night Dr. Mackellar, the govern- ment health officer, read a paper on the advantages of federate quarantine. After some discussion, a motion was carried unanimously affirming that in the interests of the health of the Australian colonies it was desirable that such a system be established. The inquiry by the district meeting into the charges of heresy preferred against the Rev. J. Osborne, minister of York-street Wesleyan Church, was concluded on Friday. After the evidence had bean completed, Mr. Osborne addressed the meeting and withdrew. Alter long and careful consideration the following resolutions were adopted:-'That alter hearing Mr. Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the city of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His atonement for sin by His death, in the deity of the Holy Ghost, in the plenary inspiration of the Holy Scriptures, and in the efficacy of prayer, having heard also his declaration of sincere attachment to Methodist doctrine generally as embodied in our acknowledged standards, we cordially accept his statements as full and satisfactory. At the same time we regret that his method of presenting those truths is at times so inexact as to produce the im- pression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine. 2. In reference to the sermon delivered in the York-street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, 1888, on Roman Catholicism, we are con- vinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism as held by the Methodist Church. Yet from the evidence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so unguarded in his statements as to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards. 3. That the presi- dent communicate the foregoing resolutions to Mr. Osborne." The final meeting in connexion with the Congre- gational jubilee was held in the Pitt-street Congre- gational Church on Thursday night, the Rev. James Jefferies presiding. It was announced that the sub- scriptions in aid of the jubilee fund had reached a total of £31,000. On Friday a little boy named William Bingham, one year and eight months old, living with his parents at Albion-street, Waverley, fell into a tub of water that was standing in the yard of the house, and was drowned. The little fellow's mother found the child in the tub, but life was extinct. Two men, William Richards, a stonemason, and Robert Hogg, mason's labourer, were badly crushed by the fall of a wall on the Moore Park road on Saturday morning. The injuries to the latter were especially serious. There was a considerable fall of rain on Sunday in Sydney and along the coast. The ministerial tour through the south coast dis- tricts terminated on Saturday, and the steamer Ajax, with the Hon. Alexander Stuart and the Hon. W. B. Dalley, and most of those who had accompanied them on their trip, arrived in Sydney harbour from Jervis Bay early on Sunday morning. 