So far as can be judged by the outline of it already given, the Ministerial scheme for die future management of the Victorian Railways is sound and unobjectionable. It deals with the question of patronage in such a way that any attempt to do wrong by the Commissioners could be immediately checked by the Governor-in- Council, or failing that resource, by Parliament itself, as the Governor-in- Gbuncil is completely under tbe control and at tbe mercy of that body. At the same time it provides for tbe m6stefficiente»i/?foyc6tobeobtained,and for putting, as far as ie humanly possible, an end to that crowding of tbe depart- ment by supernumeraries, which, nnder some Ministers who might be named, has been a most costly experience, and brought scandal npon the whole, community. Besides this, the scheme places tbe Commissioners in such an independent position that nothing but wrong-doing on their part can prevent them conducting the department without the least danger of their actions being justly cavilled at, their influence "solicited, or their position being successfully assailed nnd endangered. So far, indeed, as human ingenuity can reach, the bill seems all that could be wished by haters of political patronage, and by those who think of two dangers political patronage is the least, for the ideas of- both are really met by tbe measure as it has been constructed. The only objectors will be the "department trotters," whose occupation will begone when the bill has passed. But, on the one hand tiiia will be a gun to the general public, while, on tbe oth3r hand, it will be no loss to tbe trotters" themselves, because it will relieve them of very invidious and irksome duties. Thin change is sure to seenre their appreciation lime, although at first it will no doubt excite a little misgiving to how they will stand with tbe •Government billet-hunting portion of their constituents by the alteration. Be this as it may, however, the measure appears to have been very judiciously drawn up, avoiding too much despotism on the one hand, and securing fair freedom of action, justice, and safety on the other and the individual must be hard to please who is not satisfied- with a piece of Cabinet work of <Jdg nature. But after all that may be said in favor of this bill, the provisions are only a small matter in tbe broad question which the bill has been framed to deal with. The mere patronage portion of tbe question could have been met by these provisions of the bill bong made departmental rules and regulations; and vigilance on the part of the other members of the Cabinet, aided by watchfulness on the part of members of the two Mouses, would be sufficient. to prevent any -violation of -such rules a«a regulations bang committed. "VThat' is really the chief, the vital, condition in the whole matter is, who are to be the three Commissioners! for this left unthought of, or unappreciated, the lull )mes a mere fiction. The people attach some importance to tbepatronage question, of course; but they attach a great deal more importance to the management of their railways in all tbe bearings of that expression. Besides department, and preventing the depart-, meet from being -wover-mnnned, the people rant to «e the badness of tbe limes so conducted that , accidents will be reduced, to the non-pre- ventable -jmmiwi^n]. that the traffic will be conducted with 4b most perfect meter -and smootbiks^ and tiuit the railway: besides bonf made to jneKfa profit, irillbB wbrired^arwsjSy"; Doesible pfb&se; to the'public advantage. Now It is to fee ^pointed that can meet flieSe'edSK t"is btdy CoknmiBjaooers who ' 1 * ^ " " experience andfractioet^rholmowall "" the^inBand osta" of jwlway tiaffic, who have evetytiung in ccmiiue(#m with ra&waymanage;^B^atthMrfii^ereaad^ who will be dUe to meet &ese; sa|nirements.. It is not the merefy good4ntki-: . tioned men wbo would be able to jpet^' f<»-m these duties. Itis themen whohaye' grown np with the vast metropolitan and country railway {^stemsof Sritain and America who can £tly discharge such functions. TTencSj we freely assert that the v^ne, w otherwise,: «f: this aewlnllj irill «du31y<depemd upon who are to be the three Oommlsaionera, for all the rest «ould be met, as we have «ud above, without any lEgislationbehig necessary fortbepnrpose. If tfu: Commissioners are to beof Melbourne, or Tictorian, ^rowth,thenBO tSsange for the better in the eeOsral nuHti^emeat of the liites will «nsT% because there 1s notUe practice fix.^ eripnoa la Has colony- to eSect tie? adical change wlach is necessary jMid fiamwiv^^ former ajid one trotn the latter, tfeea wiU the bill prove one of the gModeat pieces of legislation which ever a Government in Victoria succeeded in carrying to fruition. The vorthof tha new departure^ whichtlie Govern in ent are about to aek the l^egislBtare to take, wholly restB, there&>re,_*njg& whether the <^vemment inten3^fl^3ie event of the bill 1 being passed, ^Mmect the three new Com m iEBioner^n^m tbe basis we have laid down, or among oaraelree; and until this mystery has been cleared up, it is impossible to say whether the new bill is a wise change to make, or is destined to prove very little else than a delusion. THE Argus has invited us to deal with two points in connection with the late disturbance at Cieswick; and we derive much pleasure from complying with so reasonable a request. The first- point is—"Have the engine-drivers not moral right to form an association of their own, instead of remaining in one where, being in a minority, they are liable to be systematically outvoted V The other point is:— "Is it not highly desirable .that these men should stand apart from ordinary quarrels in order that they may preserve property for the equal benefit of masters and men?' AM regards the first point, our answer is that the engine-drivers have certainly the right described \ and we have pointed this out in evety leader we have yet written on the subject. Our contemporary's question, however, is a little mixed, for the dispute between the engine-drivers and the Cres wick Miners' Association is not whether the engine-drivers should have an association of their own, because they have such an association now, and it is freely allowed by .the miners, but whether the engine-drivers should not be members of the Miners' Association as well! The latter, we contend, they should be, not by enforced pressure; on the part of the Miners' Association, but in deference to their .own interests, because by continuing united with the miners—a much laiger body— engine-drivers would have a stouter means of protecting their privileges, and acquiring any fresh ones which they ought to bare, than they can possibly have by relying-npon their own unaided influence and exertions. As a .matter of expediency to . themselves, and as a means of strengthening the miners, wo contend the engine-drivers should continue with the .Miners' As- sociation, although if „they insist upon being entirely independent of the miners, we say that - their right to take this course is undeniable. So far, then, there is no difference' between what our contemporary contends for, and what we have all through laid down, so far as the moral right of the engine- drivers is concerned; hence any tegument on this point would be quite superfluous. As regards the other point put before us by onr "contemporary, it displays a fear that is purely ,fanciful, for Miners' Associations are not such fools as to insist npon mines being flooded and ruined when a dispute arises between thein and the owners. It is a fact, and we defy contradiction, that not only have the Miners' Associations never allowed a mine to be stopped when a dispute has arisen between them and the' owners, bnt they have- also pledged themselves that nnder no circumstance shall any step of the kind be taken with their sanction. True, an attempt was once -made to stop pumping .at a mine; but it was when tbe miners were disorganised, when no Miners' Associations/ existed. Since Miners' Associations have been formed, no such threat has been made, nor would any such threat be made, becauee'Minera 1 Associations know full well that the miners would be the chief sufferers by pumping being stopped, once it would cause the miners to be out of employment for some time after the grievance or quarrel had been adjusted. £ atthere is theotherside to (Mb question,' where much greater cause Cor fear presents itself. Let us suppose engine-drivers certificated under the law, a monopoly of engine-driving bong conferred open them,-and let. ns«appoee them independent of the Miners' and a dispute arose between the -Engine- drivers' Aseeciation a&d; tbemine-ownera. What about the mines thenf iWhat, indeed, about the eainers then l The engine- drivers could stop the engines if their terms wens refused, and both the miners and the mine-owners would be jiowerle88 to avert tbe evil. SThe miners would be thrown out cf employment, although they were not concerned in die quarrel; while the owners would see their mines swamped, unless fhey " caved in," for the engine-drivers would lose nothing, in time, or in any othear way, by the waiter being allowed, to flow, into the workings and come sp the shaft to the highest aqueous level. .The engine - drivers would have to be pat on to work again the moment the row was at an end,- thus losing no tnoce time than the; dispute iteelf bad being society and Certificated men, "the owners could not dispense with their services^ couM make so change, could; not,inshort,do*£thoutihem. The miners and the owners would be the sole :; go thai while it is so wonder the Creswick Miners'Association seeks to keop the engine-drivers^ to some (x- ^ent«nder,itrcontn^,itissdso astounds ing that ibe mine-owners .encourage Ui« -Ami' • ctmrsi nf: ac&ca.; _Shbrter-Bi^ted policy ?bn the;' part of the mine > owners^ jn view of the k&o;^p intention of Par-" liament to give a lcgal xtatus to engin&driyer;^ we never saw; and it ii a feUher in the cap of tba £re8wick M3nere , 'A^f0ciation that ft sees the. matter in a mncb more comprehensive light—sees -that it Is the interest of mine-owners and miners alifccv that engine-drivers should be kqtt connected with the MinCTs' AsBodations; for the engine-driver^ . while having the whole aapport Gf the Mine^ AJKOciations wben-ihBy were right, wonld be checked if; sthey , attempted jto do anything that -was wrong, and -fbe*; three parties, the mine-O wherv tble' miners, and the drivers liiro^ ie^bmi^; fited by such jndSctohstreattaent We, have no moresigiit to aisiMne ihat the tiie Minerf AssocUtiops wo ifld cauiw : lythmgrf that Voi^Ebo^itf»ttfaere« more risk of jbrkx? engine- drivers goes *»; and tt the one ade has been t&owiij; it ft only fair to the Miners' AsBOtuuibns fhkt the other mde-.dKaid The Miners' Associations believe that the interests of all partteiN will be betfcer conserved by the engine- drivers bong connected with tbem, than woutd be tbe ease if there wffi a split. Hence, they seek to keep connection alive; and we fcympathia^Kth them in this desire,; altbpugb, as^Pta've eaid lfibtiva/tbe engine-driverena ve a perfect right to go by themsfelves, if they resolye to be separate for the future. .We have now complied with the request of our contemporary to deal with the two points it laid down in its issue ef yesterday, and we shall be glad to read and review anything it mcy have to say on the other iside of the subject But there is one other matter to which we may refer. Of the ninety enginedrivers in the Creswick district, only sixteen are in a state of revolt from the local Miners' Association; so that there is not that widespread desire on the part of the engine-drivers to break the union which our contemporary infers. It is only a small case of breaking off after all, although the consequences it may produce are serious and large notwithstanding. In this case, a most ridiculous, unfoudded, and childish fear of Miners' Associations prevails, or, all things being considered, and outside a few engine-drivers, the Creswick Miners' Association could not have a single opponent in the contest The miners have never asked for anything that was unfair, and it is pitiful, therefore, to see them subjected'to such suspicious treatment. At the City Police Omri yesterday James Wareham, a well-known mining speculator, was charged with obtaining from Edward Holmas, of Sandhurst, scrip valued at £275, with intent to defraud. Weieham was arrested by Constable O'Keefieat the Western railway station yesterday morning, prior to the starting of tfe first train .fer tbe metropolis; bet U the warrant for Warehatn'e arrest bad not been received from Sandhurst, Mr' Hardy, : for the prisoner, successfully applied for his client's discharge, as he had been arrested illegally. A report of tbe police court proceedings will be found elsewhere. Some mnf odon was created at the Western railway station, yesterday, by the - late arrival of the 10.45 train from Stawell, which it timed to arrive here at 3.16 p.m. Instead of arriving here at that_time ft crawled into the station at 4.5 p.m., thus delaying the starting of tbe afternoon train for nearly as hour. The cause of this confusion and delay was on account of the engine, when between Stawell .and Ballarat, not being able to raise sufficient eteam. The engine, No. 158, was from Maryborough. The stonebreaker William L°e, who was taken into the Hospital on the 2nd instant from Mount Rowan, was yesterday able to leave that institution. He paid £4 to tbe Hospital funds for thetreatmenthe received. The police then handed him over the deposit receipt for £830,. and tbe balance of the £10 I3s 2d cash he had when he.waa taken to tbe Hospital. The only concession the New South Wales Railway Department would grant the Intercolonial Plonghing Match committee is to allow competitors to travel to and fro between tbe 16th and 25th instant at excursion fares, and to convey ploughs and horses from Albury free after the match. Visitors must nay the ordinary rates, a. letter to this effect having been received by tbe secretary yesterday. . Hie many friends of Mrs Benjamin Severs will regret to leam that she died yesterday morning, after a short illness. Tbe deceased was daughter of the late Mr Walter Craig. An office is being built at the City Police Station in order to expedite the work to be done at the station, which ft now the headquarters of the district. At present the superintendent and sub-inspector have to use the same room, which is barely large enough for rather. We understand that in addition to the erection of tbe cabin which is cow being pnt up, it ia intended to renovate the offices in use. Why the stuffy rooms which the officers of the station have to conduct their work in are to be continued does not appear, for Bnitable and commodious offices could be erected for very little more than the small room now bang built and the renovat- ing operations will cost. We regret to learn that *tront poaching ib now being carried on openly is some of the streams around Ballarat, On Saturday last, a fishmonger in the city offered for sale one which weighed about 2 lb. The fish—which was stated to have been caught by a person in Bacchus' Creek, at Peerewor—was full of " melt," and apparently going through the process of spawning. Considering the trouble and expanse which has been entailed in acclimatising the trout in this district, it is certainly to be regretted that -efforts are not made by tbe police to yewat poaching during the close season, ft may be mentioned that, besides a reward of £10 by the Government for the conviction -of a poacher, the Ballarat Anglers' Association have a standing offer of £5 for the same object. At Wendouree parade is situated a veritable haunted house, the ghosts or spirits which hover around having of late been particularly busy. Fortunately however, the ethereal visitants, if such they be, are not of the destructive or videos order, bnt rather of a benign character, and tfl—for there are Iota of them—of tbe female sex. It appeals that since the present tenants have been in possession supernatural smses have prevailed in all parts of thp houses and the head of the family has. kept a loaded gun at his bedside nnder the impression at eight-time that the premises have -been _ invaded by burglars. At various times daring the darkness of the night, also, vapory figures draped in white are seen floating in succession through the room in which two female members of the family sleep; and the other evening one of the girls on waking was astonished to see bending ova tier a female figuredressed in black, and apparently bestowing a blessing. The material .girl at once ejaculated, ."Oh, momma!" and attempted to clutch the figure, but it immediately, vanished. - On some -occasions this ghostly visitant Is observed in other bedrooms, but always takes a set route in its peregrinations—going to the •oashstand in one room, and to the dressingtable in another—as if itz Unties were laid down distinctly. Again, other ghosts- are rather playful in thejr vagaries, tapping at tfee window when the lady «f the bouae ia qafetly reading in the dravaqgroom, and then aqtmding the wall or the celling, as if to attract attention. On tw»«r three occasions "the infuriated fasu^-head has threatened to have a flying &ot; at some of Cheghorts but for fear iif goigg damage to his' Canritnre, so that they .atbont the " njae as free aa the. air, titenUr. "This ia is story -wia "By -"Ortp-ot^wt; i.By,- vhD- Otates they havc got sB -sked- to the «pirits, and ase on inch excellent terms, that oo notice is now taken of their meanderinga, and altogether-tbey havg a high old time. & is also aaid that a former tenant had a surprise one night as he lay "in bed.uid made a sudden dart for Jus garden. He did not 'wait to put -on hia.dressing-gown, and.jefnaed to xe-ader tbe housContll iiaylighit, after which he went on a hunt 'for another habitation. A few days ago a nugget weighing about 21 cz was picked np in Carter'e Gully,- near Clayton street, Ballarat East; fay Andrew "Wilkinson, a pilner, "*esidivg-in the locality. ' .A good deal of Important business was twiBrtwl at the ordinary meebng of (he Ballaiat Mini^ Board yesterday. The board decided to object to tba applications of the " for landt-^Geotge Roberts, parish ok:G. Burmieteraktd C. ©"Sullivan, ih of BungalfJ.CLBorrowee, Yarrowee; r^i tea, wrate fp |he dapMmest, complaining ^jgraBWjwdtolP beengn^beitoAl ^atisg^hat the department had • • already " " objsrtedto A. Page-and Bros, and tort thej " permits had not been renewed for this year. After some disousrion Mr Kenfe motion on notice, as follows:-F-"Tlat in opinion of this board, BttBSng w^uafattd'tegiettcB should be placed on the cHj& tesrice, asd that all moneys collected byWSBiihoold be i»Sd into the consolidated revenue; iaad that the officers should be paid by fixed salaries,- instead of, as at present, by fees," was carried unanimously. A man who only started cab-driving cm Saturday made -an inauspicious commencement.. On the Buninyong road in the evening a collision occurred between his cab and a baggy, occupied by Mr Whykes, of Basinyoug, his daughter, and a friend. - The gentleman 'friend waB thrown clean out of ! th« -hnggy, .aud jso. was Miss Whykes,_ but both; fortunately escaped without receiving any injury, except a few bruises. The damage to the vehicle was trifling. It is reported on -good authority that, In the event of a demonstration taking place on the'.-opening of the Ballarat and Scarsdale line^ the bon. the Chief Secretary has expressed his intention of being present if he can possibly make it convenient to attend. At the Town Police Court yesterday mornicg, four boys were charged with throwing rhiseiles (or, in other words, ^throwing rotten apples) at the officers of the Salvation Army, on Sunday week. There was no evidence against two of them, Wm. Hannah and John Savage, and they were discharged. The other two, Philip Priessing and Thomas Archibald, pleaded guilty. John Gregory, blacksmith, in charge of the door at the Salvation Array services, stated that a number of boys threw rotten apples about on the afternoon in question. He identified Priessing and Archibald as two of them. Mr Anderson, J. P., chairman of the bench, said the Salvation Army must be protected, and though the boys wonld be leniently dealt with on the present occasion, -they, would be severely punished next time. The "little feUow" Priessing was fined 1&3 and 13s 6d costs, and Archibald 20s and 13s 6d costs. The parents of both of them said tbey were uite ignorant of the affair, and it was the irst time they bad to complain of tbeir children's conduct, bnt they would see that it did not occur again. The fines were paid. , The engine attached to the goods train which leaveB here at three o-tn. for Geelong, got off the road at the turn-table at the latter station yesterday through some defective management. The accident caused tbe train which returns to Ballarat after it has deposited its load to arrive here about five boors behind time. A respectable-looking young man, z named George Jones, was brought before the Town Police Court yesterday cEarged with forgery and ottering. The prisoner, on the 4th of June last, called at Mrs Stewart's Shamrock hotel, Main street, and presented a cheque on the Biot of \ ictoria, Ararat, for £2 10a, signed George D. Jones. He told Mrs Stewart that it was his father's cheque, that his father Was an inspector on the railway at Ararat, and that he himself took tbe tickets at the'Gordon station. Mrs Stewart cashed the cheque, and it was passed into her ncconnfc, but it was "returned dishonored, as so George Jones bad an account in tbe bonk at Ararat. . In evidence it was stated that the prisoner's father'bad "been dead about two years, but other relations were living at Ararat. The prisoner occupied a position on the railways eome months since, bnt it seems that he has already served a sentence of three months' imprisonment for false pretences. After the evidence had been heard Jones was committed to take his trial at the Ballarat Conrt of Amiyp, to be held on the 13th of July next. A few weeks since, in cutting the water channels in Ligar street, Soldiers' Hill, the workmen cut the roots of eome of the trees which adorn tbe streets, and on Saturday one of them was blown down by the wind. In cntting these channels it is certain that t'-. j work .can be done without destroying the treeF, and means should be taken to avoid such deb traction. The members of the Ballarat Hunt C3ub will be pleased to learn that Mr A Chirnside, sen., has kindly offered a stag for their sport during the coming season, end yesterday Mr W. T. Jones, tbe hon ; secretary, accepted the gift with thankB. It is probable that the stag will be in Ballarat during the present week. The Ports Football Club, South Australia, at present paying a visit to this colony, arrived in Billarat yesterday with the ihtention of playing the Ballarat clnb, but the ground was in such a bad condition that it was decided to postpone the match until Friday. The visitors on their arrival in Ballarat were met by Messrs D. Fitzpatrick, J. Walker, R. FoVy, and other members of the B.P.C., end at. about half-past ten his "Worship the M^yor of the City invited them to " wine " with him in his room at the City HalL Mr Fitzpatrick introduced the footballers to the mayor, who in a little speech warmly welcomed them to Ballarat. Afterwards they were shown the various objects of interest here, as well as the short time at disposal would allow, departing by the midday train for Maryborough, to try conclusions with tbe local dnb there. Mr F. Glennister, who for the last twenty years has been employed as engine-driver at the Western railway station, has received well-deserved promotion. Yesterday he left Ballarat for Stawell, at which station he has been appointed driver in charge. We are sure that Mr Ulennistez's friends will heartily wish him success. The friends of Mr W. J. Gates will learn with mixed feelings of regret and pleasure that on the 31st instant he will sail far Sydney, to fill a lucrative position on the j)aSg Tdegrapk, to which be has been appointed. Mr Gates is a resident of twentyfive yean', standing, and during the lost thirteen years he has been constantly occupied as operatic and .theatrical agent and collector for many local bodies, and in every capacity be has earned the respect and confidence of his employers, and all who have had dealings with him. To show the esteem in which he is held his manyfrienda and wellwishers purpose to give him a farewell banquet. In accordance with the programme recently drafted oat by the M.I.A. Union's executive, committee, the Baptist Elocution Association proceeded to the Benevolent Asylum on Thursday last; and succeeded in airnising and interesting, the inmates for about an hour and a half. The programme was of a very varied and pleasing character, and the names of tboee who took part in it are as follows:—Miases Ditchburn (2), Pear- ^ Carry, M. Menries, Cray, Perkins, Jen n™™, . .-a and u Messrs ™ Honnan, ir^m.. Allan, Pitt, Gopde, Borbtdge, Sarboroiuh, and Gray. These entertainments are to be held periodi cally, at an interval of about three weeks, and this mode of supplying-enjoyment for the inmates reflects great credit &poo; the onion. Meetiogsin the estates of three insolvents were convened for yesterday fay the chief clerk of insolvency. Ho creditors were present at any of the meetings, and they- were closed after being opened pro forma. Sandridge has now a paper in the Sandridge Standard *itd Emerald BUI Advertistr, and, to judge fay. the first number, a very good papex It is" irad will W ~ liere is on view tt BardweII> Boyal Studio Eoveral frames of photographs of Mr Ai A. O!06nneH, ftB oclebrated trickhicyclistThe photogcuiha were taken. ilisUn-. tefiOMly, While tbe.hi^ydeWas in motion in the different positions aasntnsd by the rider, andreflsct .jereditqaan - JfrSndolph Bailey, wHIbe cii view, fer a -day or ™ well worthy of ^s^eetion.' ' liato^fmift wln^^^Laih rao^its pr durii^ the yeu' luBg been redly aatOok^g. Tne addition to the. annaal'income derived faun new policies tamed during , the past year waa no less than £31,384 16s 93, the entire sunuul-revenne-behg £183,571 Ss Id. Tbe death <3aims we're on. 112 lives, and amounted only to £29,3009a 7d, being con- S^erably witi^n the expectations niider the bills of inortality. eo that it will he seen ttiat thesode^rhas been singnltrly successftd tn itecperatronB/andspeaks weUtethegisttrol management.., . - . MnuBieto Raiard, teacher of dancing, last wng gave a social to his pupils and their friends "In the Ijydeum Hall, Lyons street, the' pJeaBng appearance of which was en- " display of well«lected pic- There^ was alaige attendance, aeato eweet atnins of the violin, in the hands of Mr Sohrae&r;, and the piazio, preside at by Maste^l^stOB, those preaent oade the amy in ••tnppng the Mr. &aiarf; is ackaoidedged BucoeKffnl teachfer of tiie art, and ocom>in the pseitioa of inatruotor at theQaeenVcSlege,sp«tfn)nihi«select "class held once a week in Mr Oyston'e hall. lately he ttudit in Melbourne, and ins pupils there were to wdlfleaBed with hia.iiataistion that they presented him with a huidaomely-exeaited address testifymginliigh trams to tw^l n instructor, and courtesy towards than, j \ testimonial, signed by the committee of tbe class, is now on view at tbe Lyceum. The social last night, both select and enjoy- *ble, was in every respect what it ihonlft "have been, and we are. certain that, with Mr Remrd's ability and courtesy, bis evening class cannot fail to be a success, Tbe following is the notira-paper for the monihly meeting of the Hospital committee on Wednesday evening.-—To receive wport of house committee; to pay the monthly accounts; to accept tenders for the customary coSn^e^of Meaaa i^fi- King and A. Hanter, who retire by rotation, lint are eligible for re-election, We have received tbe following additional amounts on behalf of Widow Walsh and her children:—A Friend, 2s 6d; Mrs E. Dairies, Stawell, £I| T. A., 3s. Both Houses of Parliament (says the Age) will meet this afternoon, at tbe usual hour. Tn the Assembly the Government will launch several of their new measures. Tbe Minuter of Railways will "move the first reading of the Railway Management Bill, and he intends to avail himsalf of the opportunity of fuliy explaining to the House the objects of the measure. The Minister of Lands will introduce a bill proposing to deal with the mallee country, with a view to its speedy reoccupatioc; and a trill to amend the jurisdiction and procedure of the Supreme Court will also be submitted by the Attorney-General. It.is probable, if time permits, that the Harbor Trust Amendment Bill will be pushed on a stage. The Treasurer intends to make his budget statement on Wednesday, 18th instant. Mr King-Hall, sen., until recently one of the proprietors of the Ballarat Star, who has lately been living in a Melbourne suburb, died (says the Telegraph) oa Saturday morning at his residence. The cause of death was an abscess on the brain. Under the will of the late Mr Thomas Calvert, of Hotham,.£940 has been placed in the hands of the editor of the Argus for distribution among the Melbourne charities. A case of somnambulism (says tbe Telegraph) came under the notice of the authorities attheLying-in Hospital on Saturday morning. A pedestrian .was pasdng the institution At an early hour, when he perceived sotoeO&e; walking along Cardigan street in a garment. It proved to be a young 1 who was a patient in one ol the cpltitirs wards, Buffering from disease of the.Mp. When spoken to -by this pereon who ftfltnd her in tbe street, she did not reply, but when touched came to her eenses at once. The back gate of the institution Was open, and she bad apparently passed through it^ but how she eucceedod in leaving an upstairs ward without the knowledge of the attendants is strange. The many friends of Mr Stuart O'Brien, the popular comedian, will yegret (says the Herald), to learn that it was found necessary about ten days since to remove • cancer from his mouth. Mr O'Brien has since bun confined to his bed, but is progressing favorably, and is expected to be convalescent in the course of a few days. A religious service (says the World), in connection with the Loyal Orange Institution, was held in the Protestant Hall, Sydney, on Sunday afternoon. .The building was crowded. The new bill (says the Herald) intended to mitigate the dog nuisance, which .is to be introduced this session, ia almost identical with one which waa framed last session. It provides etrii>?r-rii measures for dealing with dogs of a destructive nature in the country districts. The Melbourne and Suburban ' Master Bakers'-Association (says the -dryus) notifies that the price of bread wiQ he reduced to 6£d the 41b loaf. On Saturday (says the Age) a young man named John Hayes, -a recent arrival from Victoria, deliberately, threw himself in front of the engine of the down train from Narandera to &ay;, at half-past twelve p.°m., and met with a terrible death. Deceased was particularly sober and temperate in his habits, but had recently complained of a pain in his chest. No cause is assigned for the rash act. A sum of £5 2s 6d was found in his possession. This evening the acnual "social" of the City Rowing Club takes place at the Alfred Hall, and as we have before mentioned, promises to be highly successful. The mayoral decorations in the ball, with the finishing touches by the members, who were :workinj at tbem until a late hour last evening, am the display of trophies won by the club, will be an attractive feature of the evening. A few tickets remain, and can be obtained from either Mr Bennett, jeweller, Bridge street; Mr Hfnuip, seedsman; Mr Fitzgerald, Bridge street; or Mr Lyle, Start street " A grand sacred and secular concert will be given in the Neil street Wesleyan Church schoolroom by the choir, this evening, at eight o'clock, in aid of the organ fund. . The choir will be assisted by the Misses Quick, Michell, and Polkinghorne, and by Messrs Bunting, Woolcock, and other gentlemen. Tne chair will be taken by the Rev. R. Philip, while Miss Reed will act as organist, and Miss Payne will preside at the plhno. The charges for admission will he—adults la, juveniles 6d. The annual meeting of the Wesleyan Home Missionary Society will be held in the Barkly Street Wesleyan Church this evening. Tbe Revs. Spencer Williams, W. L. Bints, and T. Adamson, will-address -the meeting. A report of the society's operations will also be rod. Mr J. Letcher will preside. We are requested to- remind the members and adherents of the Ebeneser Presbyterian Church of the service this evening, when the Rev. J. W. Inglis will preach and moderate in a call; service to commence at half-past seven. Mr It- H. Hsrfs elocution w3I open at ,7 Nolan street on Monday evening next, at eight o'clock. Circulars can be obtained meanwhile at Harrison's or Sutton's, and at 7 Nolan street, opposite the Western railway station. . . Gentlemen in favor of giving a return bill to the City Mayor are requested to meet at Craig's hotel next Thursday evening, at halfpast seven. The pupils of Queen's College, Ballarat; will reassemble next Monday morning. "The Star of the East L.O.L., No. £8, will hold its nsual monthly meeting this evening, at eight o'clock. The anniversary committee will meet at the lodge-room at seven. Miss M. Silveribck'e ~ juvenile dancing classes will start the second and last quarter for tbe season on the 21st instant. Terms: canbe ascertained atMessrs Sutton and Ox's music warehouse, and at the mnwirl "M^sdwny. : 103 Wills street. Members of the committee of the Bungaree, Dean, and Warrenheip plonghing match are requested to meet as nnder this Weeksr—On Tuesday, at the Shamhxsk hotel, Dunnrtown, at half-past sevenj' on Wednesday. atlffuriera' ihn, Ormond, at. balf-past seven;-and .ooi Thurad^, jit tbe -Australian hotel, Clarke's ffill,> at half-past' Seven. Th|3<e:,will;t>e impbrtant tarauna "At each m&etihc.; " late Mr Thomas Ship, formerly of tjfe Banin- ®g road, to assemble at the Ballarat Hoetalfeday, ata quarter putt two, tofoUoW I rename, to the Ballaratlfaw Cemetety. . ThthuartB^yjgenBral ihefcting of theBa] laratLic«msed-VKte»llOT , Associationii^ be held thls aftemooo, ak ,four o'clock, at Craig's hotel, aad-every member is requested to attend, as same of tbe bitaaea to be transacted fa, important .':'. • • Nominations !or 3Ebe vaeaniy in board of advice for the south riding of Buninvooiiibwe wiU be rewired by MrG. W.lChapmu,' l^.haftj^tly meeting of the Loyal Hand • of Lodge,' %I.(aXO.O F, wiU'SSKepiacethnflvening, at th& Soeiebe** Hall, Granville streetTat half-past seven. '',;.'".- -ReviBian courts fOr^the ntures of Ballarat, Buninyong, and GrenviQe will he' held as foUows t—For the Sooner at the riiire IdiU, Learmonth, an Monday next, at noon; for jat the .shire offices, Mount Oear, on Monday next, at twelve'-o'clock; and'for tin latter, at .the ehire effioes, Linton, on Tuesday-next, at eleven. - ®h« tea nreeting^md serrioe of apsg in connection with tbe Dawsan street Congregational Sunday aohool wiQ take plabe this 'evening, the teaconupemangat half-past six o'clock, and the tnusical -earvica, entitled "Christy's Old Oigan/^at half-past seven, i 