A SEA QUEEN". By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," " A Sailor's Sweetheart," "An Ocean Ifree Lance," &c.t; &c.; ^Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVIII.—The Shadow, of Danger. Well, this incident was buiau adventure of the deep, and, having related it, I will say no more about it, though it left such an impres sion upon my my mind that, to this moment, I see the wreck and her crew as plainly as when I beheld them from the deck of the Aurora. I come now to stuff of a different fibre—to our own shipwreck, indeed, and to the dreadful and astonishing perils we en countered, until our deliverance from all the misfortunes which befel us in the Aurora, and after we had quitted her. The hurricane, as you know, terminating in a steady gale of wind, blew us along, under reefed topsails, all that day and night, giving us a famous run in the twenty-four hours, forjbesidesthe speed of the barque, we had the impulse of the seas, which, catching us so rhythmically that you might have counted, say, twenty between the rise and fall of the vessel's counter, without being one over or una er for a dozen times together, ran us for ward almost as fast as (the wind itself with every heave, so that, although the wind failed us at about ten o'clock next morning, yet when Richard came to calculate his observa tions at nooD, he found that our run since t-w elvc < 'clock on the preceding day was a little over 2S6 marine miles, or a full 12 kuo - an hour. We tneu had a short spell of calm; Out, at about two in the afternoon, there came a light air from the eastward, which, f i eshening up, drew into the north-east, and within an hour of the first of the puff wehad the trades stroDg on the beam, royals set, and a foretopmast-studdiog-sail out, the barque leaning down with dry decks, and the hot yellow sunshine sparkling in her mast and on the brasswork and the glass, whilst the foam sped away from under our counter, and danced in a line of snow upon a sea as bright and beautifully blue as the Boft heavens over which the trade clouds were sweeping in scattered wool-white shapes. . If all had been well with us aboard there j would have been hut little to complain of as ! regards the weather so far. The hurricane was indeedfrightful ;but we hadcome through it unharmed, and it did us good by leaving a gale behind, which blew us fairly into the trades. We had made a fast ran, and Richard talked of fetching Sierra Leone early in March. But not only the behavior of the men, but tqe circumstance of the mate being imprisoned in bis cabin, cast a gloom upon us which was not to he cleared away by prosperous breezes and swift sailing. I speak of myself particu larly. I was never easy in the cabin, either when alone or with Richard. If ever I was disposed to laugh my merriment was imme diately checked by the reflection that the mate was locked up in that berth just over against us, and would hear me. There was no freedom. We had to converse in low voices, and the idea that Mr. Heron could bear all that was said acted with snch constraint upon my husband, that I would, again and again, catch him about to speak, and then stopping and considering well what he was going to say before uttering it. Talking to him in oar berth on one occasion, I said, " Why not see the mate, lecture him well, and offer his freedom and a promise of forgiveness if he will go to his work again dutifully, and withhold all sympathy from the men." " It's too late," he replied. " Why, we shall he arrivingatSierra Leone presently. Besides, I don't forgive him. He is a rascal, I'll have him dealt with a3 he deserves, " Then can't you get him out of thecabin," said I. " The odious steward madeituncom fortable enough before; but, now that the mate is boxed np like a spy in a cupboard, listening to all we say, it is positively unbear able." "Where can I put him, Jess? In the Hold? It's full of coal. In the forecastle? There's nothing he and the men would like better? lathe lazarette, where there is no light and uo air, and where any rats the Aurora may have'shipped at Sunderland would he very glad to welcome him." " Have you seen him since he has been under lock and key ?" I asked. "No," heanswered, "and I don't want to see him." " How do you know that he i3 properly fed or that he may not be ill ?" "Why," saidhe, laughing, "by hiskeeping 'quiet. If any thing wereamiss in that way he'd soon make his wants known. Those 'long shore scowbanks are not a diffident body of people." As you now see, it could not he helped. My husband had chosen to lock up his mate for the reasons you have read, and there was no other place but his own berth to confine him in. But the thought that he was there, listening—imprisoned by my husband, who could release him; if he chose, hating us so that the very sound of our voices wonld be detestable to him—made thecabin qnite in tolerable. I only used it for meals, for, when I was not on deck, I occupied the little spare berth, and sewed or read in it, and I never passed through the cabin without feeling as though there was a ghost at my heels. It was a great pity, for it was .a pleasant little cabin. When the sunshine lay on the open skylight, it was full of radiance that rippledin tiny billows upon the polished balk heads; thewindsail kept it breezy, and there was room to move about; whereas the sleep ing berth was small and close, lighted by a bull's eye, and ventilated by a little scuttle that was, fortunately, to windward in the trades, so that I was able to keep it open, for bad it been to leeward, the sweltering atmos sphere, caused by the fierce sun beat ing upon the deck overhead, wonld have rendered the box of a place uninhabit able. Meanwhile there were no more open acts of mutiny among the men—I mean, there were no more collisions between my husband and his crew—though one very nearly happened two days after we had sighted the Danish wreck, by Dan Cock, the mullatto, who was in the port watch, that my husband now had charge of, saucily answering some order that was given him. He stood jest before the main batch, and my husband went ujs to bun and told him to repeat what be had said. ^ Richard afterwards told me that he was in the temper to have strangled the colored nisi), and I)an Cock probably wit« nesEed this intention in his face, for, shrinking away, he said he didn't want to be impudent —he was willing to do his work—and so my husband leSt him. This was very for tnnate, for had Richard struck the man, the others wonld certainly have rushed in to de- ■ fend him, and I dare not think what deeds of violence must have followed; for, if ever men were possessed by the devil, the Aurora's crew were; indeed, our forecastle was like a house filled with inflammable goods; the least spark would have set the seamen on fire. But though there was no open revolt, yet, as the time went past, Richard's anxiety deepened, insomuch that over and over again he would lie awake a whole watch below, weary as any man could well be, yet too nervous and apprehensive to close his eyes. He was full of forebodings, though unable to give shape to his fears. On the day preceding the dreadful trouble, the relation of which! am about to enter on, he came below, after keeping the deck four hours, and sitting down at tiie table in our berth, leaned his race on his hand without looking at me. "Whatparticularly troubles you, Richard ?" I asked him. "Have the crew been worrying you again?" " Hot more than they usually do," said he. " How glad I shall be when we make our port, Jess? I feel to be growing lightheaded for the want of sleep 1" " You should take things a little more easily," said I. "So long as the men keep their mutterings to themselves, and do the ship's work, we may say that all's well." " Why yes we may say that," he replied. " It's the feeling myself to be alone amongst these ruffians—the man who ought to be at my side helping me locked up—and the second mate more friendly with the crew than ever Heron was—it's these things which make me anxious. But it's the lot of every ship* master to be anxious. Don't let my manner weigh with you, dear. You're quite right to say that whilst things go on as they are all's well." "Aye, Richard," said I, but your anxiety is not of the ordinary kino. You have, mis givings which make no part of the usual sea fife. I wish you would talk to me unre servedly. First, any shirking or glossing over of your troubles only ends in leaving me gloomier; and, next, if you do not take me into the very heart of your confidence, what opinion can you have of me as a wife ?" "Indeed, Jess," said he, smiling at my warmth, "I talk to you as I would to no other human being in this world. Since you will have all that's in my, mind, I'll answer that my opinion of the- men is so low—they have shown" such an utter want of principle and honesty in their. conduct—that I believe them capable of any crime that can be imagined. To be afloat with such men, and to have you with me among them, is surely enough to account for my manner." " But do you think they mean to do a mis chief ?" said I. "Ho," he answered; "I won't say that. My anxiety lies in my thinking them capa ble of doing a mischief. " But suppose them resolved, Richard, what form could their mischief take ?" " I can't answer that," said he. I do not know. But there are many forms." " Will you name one ?" I exclaimed. , " Ho," he replied, " I won't name even one. I'm not going to fill your head with horrors." "But tbay must have some sense of the law," said I. " They may play, as it were, round the brink, where they can be defiant and safe too, but they are not likely to do anything to risk their necks." " There's no use theorising about them," said he, speaking asthough he felt the subject ought to be dropped for my sake. " There is nothing more exceptional than to find a whole ship's company turn upon their captain, even when they have substantial reason for mutinying ; for there are always one or two cautious or honest men who will hang back and refuse to cpme into so awkward and dan gerous a muddle as a mutiny. But here is a whole crew mutinying without a cause. There is no hanging back; they all pull together, and the mates are with them. £ have thor oughly overhauled my conduct, but can find nothing to justify their behavior. I am no bully; I have endeavored to treat them con siderately. When I reprimanded Mr. Heron, I spokequietly. There is nocursingandswear ing; no bouncing in me. The provisions are good. The hands who profess to be incom petent are as able as the others of whom no complaint is made ; and though I will not deny that the crew is, on the whole, small, considering the vessel's tonnage, there are enough seamen to work her, and the number is up to the average. Therefore their grum bling and mutinying merely means that they are a gang of unprincipled vagabonds—a3 if the forecastle of a dozen ships had been searched for its most growling loafers to fur nish out a complement for this vessel. Ashore these men would be pickpockets, thimble riggers, the scum of the rogueries, which haunt the east end streets of London, and bang about police courts and racecourses. They have brought their principles to sea, and call themselves sailors. But I am no easier in their company for that. They feel themselves a long way off from the lawout here, andlmustwatcnthemclosely, Jess,until I can get the police aboard." There was not a word of this that could be contradicted. However, he had said as much as he intended, and would answer no more questions, believing he had gone too far id ready, and that it would end in my thinking that the men were only waiting for an oppor tunity to murder us both. " Well, the next day the trade winds that had swept us nobly down to the parrellel where we then were failed us, though we were still to the north of the equatorial latitudes, where they usually terminate—that is, when you are sailing south in the Horth Atlantic. Whether this was owing to our being well to the eastwards I cannot say; hut if there be any foundation in the theories of the people who have written explanations about these trade winds, then the vast hot continent of Africa has much to do with the capricious ness of the breezes, gales and tornadoes which are encountered by vessels when they get within a few hundred miles of those broiling coasts. It was the hottest day we had yet had. The morning temperature was not so extreme, because the lingering wind kept the deck cool under the little awning that was spread aft; hut after dinner—that is, at about half-past two—it was simply roasting. Suffocating as the cabin was, it was as bad on deck. In the sun whatever the hand touched burnt the flesh a3 though it were hot iron. The pitch in the plank seams was as soft as pntty. A kind of bluish haze floated upon the decks, like the vaporous exhalation that hovers over marshy soil early in the morning. There was a faint swell upon the sea, but the water was like polished steel—of that very color indeed; an ashen grey, shot with a bluish light—not the merest film of a catspaw darkened it, not the least wrinkle or fibre of mo tion tarnished the breathless quicksilver of the huge, faintly breathing circle. The heavens were stainless, too; a deep, most beautifully tender, African blue, a wonderful concave of glorious azure that kept the loveli ness of its . surpassing bne down to the waterline, where, I have observed in northern climes, the finest bine will lighten until it. becomes very nearly white. Almost overhead stood the sun, a burning fiery eye; one would have said the orb was a gigantic magnifying glass, in which was concentrated the beat of flaming luminaries. The barque gently leaned with the swell, but I took notice of a certain parched aspect aloft, a baked and dusty thin ness in the appearance of the canvas, whose white cloths shone with the brilliancy of chalk, and a worn look in the running gear, and even in portions of the standing rigging, suchasold rope has. About fifty feet distant, on theport quarter, was a block, leaf-shaped object forking out of a grey oily surface, and motionless as we were. I thought it was a bottle at first, but looking at it again, and seeing that it was not' a bottle, nor indeed anything resembling the waifs one meets at sea, I called Richard's at tention to it, and asked him what it was. " "Why," said be, giving the thing a careless look, "it's the dorsal fin of a shark, Jess. I'll bring him under the counter, where you will be able to see the beast, if you can endure the sun for aminute." He called to the steward to band him up an empty bottle, and going to the taffrail threw it overboard. The bottle made a little splash, and the black and gleaming fin advanced swiftly through the water, looking very much like the hack of a negro's hand, with the fingers together. The refraction of the light soon rendered the fish discernible, and a mon strous creature he was, a full fifteen feet. If I vividlyremember him it is because, no doubt, I saw him on a day I am never likely to forget. His back, which was just under the surface of the water, was as blackasif itbadbeennewly coated with tar. There was not a point of him that hadnot a chilling deadlinessof suggestion in it, from the shovel-shaped snout to the long malignantbarbedtail, theupperbarbshooting' out and curling up far beyond the other. "Did any man ever see a more ferocions Jooking brute 1" exclaimed Richard, gazing with real awe at the monster, for he had never supposed the fin he had lightly glanced at be longed to such a fish as this. Tbe shark floated up to the bottle and smelt it, giving it a little shove with his sqnare nose, as if to test its nutritiveqnalities or its flavor; meanwhile casting np its bright and evil eyes at as with so mucn of horrible sagacity in the expression of them, that I instinctively caught hold of Richard's arm and shrank back. " Look, Jessie!" cried my husband, " dash my buttons if he's not going to bolt the bottle!" and peering over, sore enough I saw the fearful creature slowly turn over, until his belly, colored like theinside of amuBsel shell, gleamed under the water; his huge jaws opened, disclosing a tremendous battery of teeth, and the bottle disappeared. "After that," exclained my husband, "I'll believe anything Jack chooses to tellme about what's found inside a shark." The fish rolled over again, and the black fin came to the surface, but he now stayed under the counter, peering upwards as if asking for another bottle. Michael Craig, an able seaman, was at the wheel, but though a shark is always an object of curiosity, even to an old sailor, and though Craig could have seen: the fish by stepping back without letting go of the wheel, I observed that he never so much as turned his head whilst Richarcrand I were looking at the shark and talking about it, a circumstance than which I know nothing better to give you an idea of the sullen, sulky deportment of the men, and how they stood off, so to speak, from my husband, as though he were a tyrant, and had found them a hun dred reasons for hating them. The calm lasted through the whole after* noon. The heat of the sun was so fierce that the image of the poets when he speaks of the very deep rotting, seemed to be realised as I cast my eye over the boundless, breathless, thick, and stagnant ocean; and it was with a feeling of real gratitude that I saw the roasting orb—a globe of blood-red fire—sinking behind the sea, kindling under him in the water long crimson flames, which waved with the swell, and filled one side of the immanent with a haze of dark gold light, in which the horizon vanished as though a fog were there. When the sun was gone the night soon came down, for there was but the briefest pause of twi light, and then the air fell cool, though the decks kept their heat for along time in spite of the dew, which lay so thick that the star light crusted the bulwarks and portions of the planking and the skylight and companion as though they had been powdered with diamond dust. 