Tale in Verso. XiOBT IN THE 8X0RSI. "Walk in, walk right in, you'ro weloontfl} Whew I how the wind whistles about. Take a chair oloao to tho lire, Bir j It's ft bad sort oI night to bo oat. You saw our light through tho darkness, And thought you would come? That's right. Somehow my heart's warmer and softer On oy'ry such bluat'rin' night. " You seom sort o' palo liko and norvous, Your walk was too much, I think; Como to look, you'ro white as a ghost, sir; Seems to mo you'd bottor drink. Well, woll, I won't urgo you, but roally What's that you'jo sayin'-this nignt, With its storm makes you think of anothor, And tho mom'ry saddons you quito ? " Mayhap if you'd toll ma the story, 'Twould oasa up your mind a bit, 'Twas just suoh a night as this one 'Taint likely I'll over forgit That our blosping oamo, and soraohow When tho wind and storm are abroad, Thoro's a queer kind o' foolin' in here, A sort o' thanksgiving to God. "What's that you are sayin'? Oh, surely I couldn't ha' heard you right. Did you say that your wife wont somewhere, And you dropped in that night? Thataho wont homo kind o, oarly i But thoy urged you to stay a spoil, . And told her you'd bring tho baby, And see 'twas bundled up woll? " At last the wine you'd bo'n drinkin1 Had somehow got into your hoad j Tho wind and tho storm wore droadful When you started for homo, you said ? Sog hero, stranger, 'twasn't noar Alta, Just flvo yoara ago to-night? I'm thinldn' o' that place always, So I couldn't a hoard you right. " It was ? And the baby you hold it And staggered on through the snow, Your brain growin' drowsy and dizzy; And that is tho last you kuow Of that night and the storm, till soma one Found you there crazy and wild, And carried you homo; but surely Now didn't thev And tho ohild? " No I-woll, I might a known it. From tho first somcthin' told mo 'twas bo. You Bay some wild beast hud (jot it There wero tracka all about in tho enow. Btrauger, aao horo, if a follow A poor Borfc o' fellow, you sco, Found a purso of gold that its owuor Thought ho had loat in tho BOO, "And then he should meet with that owner, Do you think it would bo a Bin Just to koep it?-when ho who lost it Thought novor to see it agin ? You do ? Woll, go on with your story, Your wifo ? Might a known she went wild, And told you not to corao nigh her Af?in till you brounht baok hor ohild. " Fivo years sad-hearted and lonoly, Fivo years you'vo bo'n wanderin' about, All, woll I to me thoy'vo bo'n happy; Yea, wife, go bring Dolly out. I aoo my way clear to duty, Whon sho s right lioro on my kneo ; Her whito arm's olingin' about me, I'm a little faint-hearted you sea. " Gome here, little Dolly, my baby, * Give daddy ono more kiss and then I'm a bottor man than without her, I could over hope to a bo'n, Now hero is my atory-don't cry, wife, It's tough, but it's right, you know: That night, air, ridin' from Alta, I was oursin' the wind and tho snow, "When my horao stumbled right ovor something, And whon I got of! to seo, 'Twas a dfiftd man leastways I thought so, And a ehild that smiled at mo. I unbuttoned my coat and laid it In hero away from the storm, And somehow, from that very minnit, My heart's be'n sott-liko and warm, " Wo wore comin' west, so wo kept it; 'Twan't oura, and wo might a known Wo'd some day got punisliod for keepin Tho gold that wasn't our own; And whilo you were tolfin' your story Tho Dovfl kept wliisporln' to mo, ' Don't tell him; ho novor will know it: Ho thinks tho ohild dead, yon seo.' <« But I jnst had to-that baby With her onto ways has oharmad mo quits j Onoo I didn't care a ooppor, air, II a thing wero wrong or right, But now-well, horo in your baby; Her loss onrod you of your sin. Lost in tho storm, the atorm droyoyou Bicht here to find her arcin." -Rose Ilartwick Thorps, 