the upper king railway. We return to the subject of a railway from Wangaratta to the Upper King, as It has suddenly appeared under an en- ' tirelv new phase. ThoBe members of the Upper King Railway League who were lately so indignant at our exposing »- - II - - 3 " fifat and utilising the sympathy and aid of Wangaratta and Oxloy, and then throwing i)oth places overboard, have, on being driven into a corner, not only thrown off the mask, but have done so in a most defiant and insulting manner. In fact, i they now openly declare for the Glen- Cowan route, and nothing else. Now, it is sot to Wangaratta or Oxloy alone that jtbis question is of the greatest import ance. Beechworth, Bright and other portions of IhiB district, to which the t- Upper King appearB but as a name and f nothing elBe, are far more deeply inte- !! rested, directly ,and iudireotly, in the present agitation for a railway to that fertile region than appears on the eur- faoe. It is not so much that these other plaoeB can send anything in exebauge for the productions which the valley of the Sing is capable of yielding in supera bundance, as, naturally, the Upper King people will continue to receive their applies and agricultural appliances from Wangaratta or from Melbourne direct ; but because there are many necessary articles producible on the KiDg of a quality and at a price obtainable from few other localities, and in which a trade :: Capable of indefinite extension by means f a railway even now exists in such ' ' commodities between tbeBe places. Many people, for instance, purchasing Warrnambool potatoes" in|Beechworlh ' Or Rutberglen are in blissful ignorance Df the fact that the sound and excellent Inhere before tbem are &b; innocent of =;. Wairoambool as they are ofTimbuctoo, V end were grown in the neighborhood of t . Meyhu or Boggy Creek. Besides pota- c ftoee, o&tB;, onions, chaff, tobacco, and Other agricultural products, grown high 3 ap the King River, are, in spite of the o expense and difficulties of transit to a railway Btation, already distributed all over the district and sold in Melbourne. As a matter of coarse, a railway would ' greatly encourage their production, lessen their cost to the consumer, and add to t fhe general wealth and welfare of tbe Community at large. So that, it being ; sow apparent that a deliberate attempt is ! being made by a few personB to divert 7" all this trade from its natural channel Jong tbe river road past Oxley, and its natural outlet, Wangaratta, not to speak i of the ruin cf tbe long-established con- section with that town itself, it is cer- ' tainly time that active Bteps should be taken to place the real faots of the case before the railway authorities. A meet ing of the Wangaratta committee for this purpose, will beheld in the local Town Sail thiB (Thursday) evening, and it is I to be hoped that the hall will be too full to accommodate all present. For, al though the active business of the move ment might safely be left in the hands of the borough council, the interests at stake sre spread over too wide an area to confine the movement within any narrow v. limits. Indeed, we think the Oxl6y people or the Oxley Council should be- ' Jltir themselves in this matter, either by ' . appointing a committee of their own, or Rending members to the WaDgaratta V committee. It is almost superfluous to recapitulate the arguments, so repeatedly \- Urged in these oolumus, in favor of such : branch ; but, certainly, the first thing Upon which stresB should be laid in ap- r proaehing the Government should bo the =: exceptional claims which this district has 1\. |o railway extension, through its not merely paying fur its own main line, but by actually contributing a considerable r Amount towards the deficiency on all e- ether lines in|the colony. For, it must s. J,s remembered that the surplus of eight I F\' end a half or nine per cent, over and above interest and working expenses is . Mot calculated on tbe revenue and ex penditure of the main line alone, but of the whole North-Eastern system, inclu- 1 ive of lis branches. It will, of course, become a question whether, when the . Cther branches now in construction or in Contemplation, this surplus, on the whole Cystem, will continue to be as large as it at present. Our own opinion is that \- St will largely increase ; as we feel confi- . that if a separate, aoeonnt were kept, \- v any one ot these lineB, worked on econo- " ' mical principles, would be found to pay \- 11 by itself, and from its own resources . atone. This ia especially applicable to floeh branches as that now under con- sideration, because it will, beyond accom- '«' jaaodating the present traffic, multiply it indefinitely, so long as there is an acre , cf land now under grasB to be put into tillage, or so long as there is a rood of potato or hop land still to be occupied. I We would particularly preas upon the .i, people of Beechworth that the proposed line should have all their sympathy ; Erst, b ecause . they actually do receive I Come of their supplies from the country ' fto be tapped ; and next, because, in view . tf the movement in favor of the exten- 1 ' Cton of the Wangaratta and Beechworth branch, it is to the interest of the Beech- j \- Worth and Upper Mnrray League that J WaDgaratta should be made the main >; a V junction, and, consequently, a workshop i station on the North-Eastern line. In conclusion, we would strongly advise-if, indeed, it haB not been already done— that at the meeting to be held this even ing Oxley should be earnestly requested to take either joint or separate action at once in a matter which so nearly con cerns both. Melbourne Stock Report. — Messrs. R. Gibson and Co. report for the week : — Fat Cattle— 1000 forward, about six hun- dred from Queensland, the balance Deing Victorian. The market was brisk, at an advance of ten shillings per head, prime bullocks making £14 to £15 ; good,£ll to £12. Wo sold 280 Peppm and Web ber's Kyatnkra Queensland bullocks aver aging £8 4s; 130 for various owners. Fat Sheep— 12,000 yarded, brisk market, at an advance of sixpence to a shilling per head, best merino wethers making 16s ; crossbreds, 17s 6d. We sold two thousand sheep and fourteen hundred lambs. The Lunatic Asylum Superinten- dent.— Wo were on Wednesday atcer- noon in receipt of a telegram from Mel bourne stating that the Chief Secretary had cancelled the order transferring Dr Deshon, medical superintendent of the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum, to Kevr, and that, accordingly, he (Dr Deshon) will remain at Beechworth ; while Dr Watkins will resume charge of the Sunbury Asylum. Dr Deshon will thus lose .his promotion to Kcw— which meant, besides and while regretting, for his sake, that tbe order transferring him to the higher post should have been reversed, the officers and servants in the asylum will be pleased to hear that he is to be retained at Beechworth, as, as their superior officer, he is most kind and considerate towards them. In another column we publish the report of the inspector of lunatic asylums (Dr Dick) of an official visit to the Beech worth Asylum last December, the conclud ing paragraph of which contains a high compliment to Dr Deshon and his staff upon the manner in which they perform their duties. Appointments. — Mr W. Merewether has been appointed to act as Crown prosecutor at the approaching Circuit Court to be held at Albury. Mr Charles Button has been gazetted Crown lands agent at Corowa. The Albury Show. — The Albury and Border Pastoral, Agricultural and Horti cultural Society hold their annual Bpring show to-day (Thursday). The entries closed on Monday with elose upon 800, all the sections filling well ; so that the ex hibition will be most attractive one. The show opens at one o'clock this afternoon, and the Albury Brass Band will play on the ground ; and, with fine weather, the attendance should be large, and the Bhow a great success. The show dinner will be held at a quarter past seven o'clock p.m., at the Australian Hotel. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — Tbe UBual fortnightly meeting of the com mittee ef management of this asylum was convened to be held last Wednesday even ing, at the office. The President (Mr B. Dawborn) and Mr Mitchelson were pre sent ; but there not being a quorum, the meeting lapsed. tiALL. — The Chiltern, Barnawnrtha and Indigo Agiicultural and Horticultural Society's annual ball was successfully held in the Star Theatre on Tuesday night. There was a large muster of lovers of dancing, and good music being, provided by Schlue'a band several hours were passed in an enjoyable manner. Minstrelsy at Chiltern.— The Chi!, tern Amateur Minstrels gave a perfor mance on Tuesday evening (Bhow-night), in the Star Theatre, in aid of the fuuda of the Agri.-"itural and Horticultural So ciety. The audience was a largo ono, allU fully appreciated the efforts of those who took part in the pregramme, which was well carried out. Miss E. Loftns in a most efficient manner acted as pianisle, and Mr W. Henderson a3 interlocutor ; while Messrs C. Rohner and J. Kilgour (boneH) and Messrs C. Mclntyre and J. Wall (tambos) ably filled the "corners." The first part consisted of sosgs — the interval bet ween each of which being occupied with jokes and witticisms — well rendered by Micses M. Strickland, E. Clarke and E. Loftus, Messrs Mclntyre, Kilgonr and Wall and Master J. Loftns — the last-named young gentleman singing in a very pleas ing manner "Sleep, my little Blue-eyed Treasure." A laughable negro sketch, entitled "Grandmother's Ghost," and the Ethiopian extravaganza, "That Boy Peter" the characters in which were well sus tained, concluded an excellent entertain ment. The Permanent Railway Bbidge. — The suggestion made in our last issue in regard to utilising certain iron cylinders that were said to be left over from what was required for the railway bridge, ap pears unlikely to be carried into effect, states Wednesday's " Border Post." The Victorian bank has been so cut away at tbe point where the bridge was to meet it, that it is expected another pier (pair of cylinders) will be required to complete the viaduct. The piece of hank alluded to was cut away to obtain gravel, and now that the river is full the want of the earth there is appreciated. Dental. — Mr Geo. R. Hall, dentist, will be in Beechworth, and may be con sulted at the Star Hotel to-day (Thursday.) The Hop Market. — The " Bairnsdale Advertiser" reports : — In hops during the past week there has been a better feeling, and although no large sales have taken place, still hol lers are firmer. Latest telegrams from England roport that tbe severe gales lately experienced there have greatly damaged the crops, and that prices have advanced. In YictoriaH grown, 25 bales, good samples, have been placed at a full figure ; common samples were offering at 3s 3d ; while good samples were held at 3s 6d. In Tas- munian a few bales have been quitted at 3s 3d, d.p., for good sample ; a lurther parcel is also under offer. Finest qualities are held for 3s 9d. For the present there are no Kent or Bavarian hops in the market, nor are they ex pected. Benalla Agricultural Society. — A general meeting of the Benalla Agricul tural and Pastoral Society was held on Saturday ; Mr Walter Guppy in the chair. Committees and stewards, to act at the show, on the 4th prox., were appointed, and it was decided to engage the Benalla Town Band, at a cost of £10 10s, to play on show day. The secretary was directed to send invitations to the following : — His Excellency the Governor, the members of tho Ministry, the local representatives for the Council and Assembly, the president and secretary of the National Agricultural Society, the presidents and secretaries of the various agricultural societies in the adjoining districts, tho presidents of the shires of Beechworth, Oxley, North Ovens, Euroa, Chiltern, Mansfield, Shepparton and Yarcawonga, and the Mayor of Wan garatta. The Railway League.— The members of the Beechworth Railway League ap pointed to canvass the town for subscrip tions to assist tho movement for the ex tension of the Beechworth railway line are meeting with considerable success ; ready and liberal respouses being made to their requests. The Burglar Paul. — At the Ballarat Police Court on Monday the Frenchman Jean Paul, alias Paul J ahns, alias Duypen, was committed for trial on a charge of burglary on the morning of tho 11th inst. The woman Annie Williams, charged with complicity with the prisoner, was admitted to bail in one surety of £100. Deputy Electoral Registrar. — Mr James Thorp, of tho Buekland, has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for tho Bright division of the electoral district of the Ovens, and for the Bright division of the North-Eastern Province, vice Mr W. Radcliffe, resigned. Junction State-school.— On Friday last the annual distribution of prizes took place at the Junction State- school, near Yackandandah, of which Mr J. F. Griffin is the head-teacher. A dance was after- , wards held, and was kept up with spirit till the small hours. Owing to the bad state of the roads, many persons residing at a distance were debarred from attend ing ; but those who assembled thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Sudden Death. — We regret to have to record the death of a young lad, son of Mr Philip rot.., ot Whisky Flat, near Yackandandah, who died oil Sunday morning, of heart disease. His corpse was carried to the cemetery oa Tuesday morning by his schoolmates, and was followed bysa great number of the resi dents of Yackandfcndah. Much sympathy is for tho narenta. who are universally? respected. The Mail. — The outgoing English mail will close at the Beechworth Post-office as under, viz : — For foreign money orders 3pm., aud for registered letters 6 p.m., on Saturday, 22nd inst ; for ordinary let ters, packets and newspapers, 2 p.m. on Monday, 24th inst. The Government Grant to Libraries. — Applications for share in the sum voted by Government in aid of the buildiug fund of free libraries must be sent to the Chief Secretary's office before the 30th inst. An Escaped Prisoner. — The escapee Crozier, who was recently arrested in Victoria, was brought up at the Hay Police Court on Monday, and charged with stealing a horse belonging to Sergeant Devine, and a bridle and Baddle, the pro perty of the Government. He waB com mitted for trial at the next sitting of the Hay Circuit Court, eii the 28th insK Oxley. — Our correspondent writes : — Much satisfaction ia expressed by the Oxleyites, on account of the many prizes awarded by the judges at Wangaratta to residents of the shire. In stock, in grain, in hops, in dairy produce, Oxley producers have had their full share of honors. Great pleasure was felt when our piquant and kind little lass, MisB Matilda Kettle, carried off first prize with her favorite mare, Miss Twist. At tbe next show it is anticipated that further honors may be won by the Oxleyites. They must let the past be but a stimulus to fur ther exertion ; and not reBt upon their laurels, but add other leaflets to their crowns. On Monday the indefatigable Mr Mahaffy had a service of song, at Ox ley, in aid of St. Paul's Church. Mrs Mahaffy was organist, and was aasisted by local talent only. Tha service gave un qualified satisfaction, and proved that there was a great deal of talent requiring, but culture, among the female and male population of the King River. Tho wea ther haB been all that the grazier, the farmer, ot the traveller, could desire since the agricultural and paBtoral show tor-" minaioU. tiio crops are looking splen didly ; aud vine culture is progressing. A great number of farmers have planted vines this season ; so that in a few years grape culture, as well as cereals, roots and hops, may be expected to enhance the valuo of proporties on the extensive plains between the Ovens and King Rivers. Market Sales.— Mr Alexander Tone reports as follows : — On the 15th I had few cattle in, and no fat stock. Sold a small lot of yearling calves at 27s ; milch cows from £4 to £5 ; 178 store wethers at 8s 3d. On account of Mr Patterson, the thoroughbred horse '' Oliver Twist," to Mr McDonnell, fer £19. On account of Mr Moon, hacks from £15 to £34. On account of Mr Whitty, draught horsoB from £22 53 ; light hacks from £4 to £10 7s 6d. For various owners, saddle horses frem £6 to £17 5s. There was a large attendance of buyers, aud the prices ruling were satis factory. A Defaulting Hospital Secretary at Moorc 'fna. — Samuel Lambert, late sec retary of the Mooroopna Hospital, was charged before Mr McOormick, P.M., and a bench of magistrates, at the Mooroopna Police Court on Monday, with embezzling the funds of the institute, aud also with defrauding the funds of the local cemetery, of which he was also secretary. Mr John ston prosecuted, and the prisoner was un defended. He was found guilty, and sen tenced to two years' hard labor in tha Sandhurst Gaol. The greatest excitement was evinced iu the case, the court being orowded ; and great sympathy has been expressed for tho prisoner's wife and family. The Dark River "jumping" Cases. —The action of the Dark River "jumpers" was again brought under the notice of the Minister of Mines on Monday by Dr L. L. Smith and other gentlemen represent ing the interests of the original holders. It seems that the applications for leases on behalf of the latter party are abeut to bo opposed, tooLh and nail, before the warden, the first step being an attempt to procure a postponement of the bearing, says a Melbourne correspondent. Tho Minister, in reply to the representations made to him on the subject, assured the deputation that he would be in a position to deal with the question of priority on its merits and apart from aDy mere 'technical objections that might be raised by the other side. A Long-dated Charge. — The man Connell, who lately gave himBelf up to the police on a confession of having murdered a Victorian policeman, wbb brought before the Sydney Police Court on Friday, and remanded to Melbourue en a charge of horsestealing committed 26 years ago The Population of N. S. Walbs. — The estimated population of the colony of New South Wales on the 30th June, 1883, was 840,614, which comprise 463,298 males and 377,316 females. This shows an increase of 23,146 during tho half year. The departures by sea during the same period amount to 17,029, as against 31,248 arrivals by sea. Land Selections. — Corowa Land Office. — James P. Smith, loOa lr, Qnat Qaattn ; W. C. Jennings, 320a, Kentucky; A. A. Piggin, 360a, Corowa. Correction. — We are requested by Mr John Sadler, Taminick, to state that the prizo for the two-toothed ewe waB gained by him, and not by Mr Bain, of Winton, at the recent Ovens and Murray Agricul tural Society's Show. The Congregational Church Anni versary. — On Tuesday evening a musical and literary entertainment, in connection with the celebration of the anniversary ef the Congregational Church, Beechworth, was held in the Town Hall. The audience was a large one. The President of the United Shire (Mr James Warner) occupied the chair, and delivered a brief address. A choice programme, as under, was then presented, and met with due appreciation : — Organ solo — " Silver Trumpets," Mr Jas. Cunningham, junr. ; Address — "Uses and Abuses of Light Literature," Rev. Canon Howard ; An them — "Rejoice in the Lord," choir; address — " Lord St. Aldigande," Rev. J. De Q. Robin ; song, Miss Stevens ; " Ad dress to the Mummy," Misses Lindegaard, Stewart and Knight ; anthem — " Comfort Ye," choir ; piano duet, Mrs Gammon and Miss Darvall ; address, " A nomas ue Quincey," Rev. J. G. Mackie ; anthem — " Sing unto God," choir ; address— "Words of Inspiration to Young Men," Rev. J. Barber ; piano duet, Misses Blackwell and Lindegaard ; anthem, " Thine, O Lord," choir. On Wednesday evening the Rev. J. Barber delivered a moBt interesting lecture on " Garfield," the late President of the United States, to a numerous and attentive audience, who appeared to fully appreciate tbe treat afforded them in the graphic sketch of the life of one of nature's greatest noblemen, given by the reverend lecturer, whose remarks called forth loud applause at fre quent intervals. Mr Warner again took the chair, and the proceedings were en livened with choice musical selections. Free Passes to Firemen. — Tho Chief Secretary on Wednesday promised a depu tation that brigade representatives should be permitted to travel free by railway to the forthcoming fire-brigades demonstra tion at Geelong. Bank Robbery. — By telegraph we learn of an extensive robbery from the Commercial Bank, Melbourne ; gold and noteB to the value of nearly £7000 having been abstracted from the strongroom dur ing Tuesday night, or early on Wednes day morning. No clue as to the thief or thieves, nor trace of the missing property, has yet been obtained. Bible Society Meetings. — Public meetings, at which the claims of the British and Foreign Bible Society will be urged, will be held at Myrtleford on Saturday evening, and at Stony Greek on Sunday afternoon. The Fire-brigades Demonstration. — At a meeting of representatives of intercolonial fire-brigades, at which 114 delegates were present, Superintendent H. A. Crawford (Beechworth) occupying the chair, held in the Town Hall, Mel bourne, on Monday, officers were elected to act at tbe next annual demonstration. Superintendent Crawford was appointed to tbe command of the firemen taking part in tbe demonstration in Sydney on the Prince of Wales's Birthday. The Irish Informers. — Hanlon and Kaianagb, the Irish informers, remained quietly on board the s.s. Saghalien on Tuesday, states the "Argus." During the forenoon they appeared most anxious to go ashore, and the plain-clothes con stables on tho vessel had great difficulty in dissuading them. Sub-inspector Mackey interviewed the informers in the afternoon, and having pointed out to them the unenviable notoriety which Joseph Smith had gained in Williamstown, suc ceeded in convincing them that it would be better to remain on board tbe steamer. But although the informers promised Mr , Mackey not to go on shore, they con tinued very restless, and the constables were obliged to keep them under the strictest surveillance. In the forenoon a. numko. of ;aiors visitea tne oagnauen, and one of the number, wishing to per petrate a joke at the expense of a com panion, said to him, pointing to a French man on deck, " There is Hanlon." The Frenchman understood the words, but did not look upon them as complimentary; so, striding up to tho joker, he struck him a blow with his fiat. The presence of the constables on the ship aud on the pier alongside put a stop to auy further hostilities. The destination of Hanlon aRd Kavanagh is ostensibly Suez ; but from a hint let fall by one of them, it would appear that the Mauritius iB looked forward to their place of debarkation. The Divorce Case at Sydney. — The jury of twelve engaged in the Horwitz divorce case retired to consider their ver dict at 1 p.m. on Tuesday. Shortly be fore 6 o'clock they came into court with a verdict for the petitioner (Mr Horwitz), and awarded £5000 damages against H. A. Solomon, the co-respondent. Mining Mem. — The mining manager of South Mascotte, Dark River, reports : — After trenching in various parts of the lease I sank about 6ft. on the lode, which is about 2ft. wide. Very promising stone. I have commenced a tunnel on the course of the lode, about 100ft from the Mascotte boundary, which will give about 35ft; of backs to stope out when it connects with the shaft. Accident.— Tuesday's " Benalla Stan, dard" reports that recently Mr Tilt, of Wangaratta, in travelling in the neighbor hood of Hedi, met with an accident which might have had bad consequences. The mare he was riding suddenly fell, throwing the rider and falling in such a manner as to come partially on his left leg. Strange to say, the animal's head was so fixed that she could not move it, and for a time both the horse and rider were on the ground unable to get up. The mare slightly moved her body, which enabled Mr Tilt to free lii3 leg, which had been caught in the stirrup, and he then got up and released the mare's head. Beyond a shaking no damage was done. 