The Advertiser THURSDAY, AUGUST 9, 1883. The decision arrived at by the Assembly yesterday concerning Mr. Ward's motion in favor of united action on the part of these colonies with respect to the an- nexation of New Guinea and the New Hebrides is deeply to l>e regretted by all who desire liarmonious relations to exist between the great and grow ing provinces of Australia. The reason given by several members for voting against the motion, that it was humiliating to the Ministry, was one that cannot be su&tained.; The motion does not contain a word of censure upon the Government - though it may be taken as a reflection upon their past proceedings in this great national matter. The Ministry should have accepted the motion, even if by so doing they seemed to acknowledge the error into which they have fallen, in breaking up the harmony that was existing and was increasing between the different Australian Governments. That they did err is evidently the opinion of the majority of the House, because of those who voted with the Government many in their speeches bad expressed opinions in oppo sition to their votes. It is satisfactory that the Chief Secretary yesterday adopted < a different tone with respect tv this ques lion than was apparent in the earlier part of his speech delivered a week ago, and actually now talka about this affair as one of raal impor tance. So does Mr. (Hyde. but in his remarks he certainly did very much towards creating ill- feeling between the Australian Governments by his ill advised and flippant attack upon the Queensland Premier, his sneers at another Australian Premier, and what was worse his vague suggestions about what states men of other colonies thought of the action of Sir Thomas McTUwraith as shown in confidential communications. As Mr. Colton observed, those hints were worse than an open revelation of what was confidential. His remarks and the whole animus that pervaded his sjwech call for the severest reprehen sion. He seems bent upon prexenting intercolonial union. He expresses his hostility to federation. South Australia he asserts has nothing to gain by fede ration. But Mr. Glyde also made the monstrous and preposterous assertion that federation was never mentioned except by persons who have some private ends to gain. It is difficult to properly describe such a statement as this. To say that it is un worthy of any person holding the posi tion of a Minister of the Crown is to speak well within bounds. It js utterly unworthy of any one holding any decent position in politics. It is manifestly opposed to truth. It is an insult to everyone in Australia holding opinions opposed to those of Mr. Glyde upon this subject, though an insult of such a character that it can only redound upon the person who offers it. It is ridiculous to talk about humiliating a Ministry that is suffering the humiliation of having among its members one who can commit such outrages upon good taste and common sense. Mr. Glyde considers that federation may be left to his cliildren to deal with. Well, as another member remarked, he is always a behind the times. Had he determined the destinies of this colony from the time when he first entered into public life South Australia would have been at this day one of the smallest, poorest, and most backward of England's dependencies. His conversion to broader views seems only to have had some essential connection with his joining the present Cabinet, and scarcely a week {Misses that some utterance of his d<>cs not point painfully to the conclusion that the conversion is a sham. South Australia* according to this eminent statesman, has no interest in federation—that is t< > say, her interests are isolated. Could anything be more cgregiously unreason able tlian to assert that a colony which is in the centre of all the colonies into which this continent is divided ; that has every other province touching her boun daries ; that has commerce with one aud all; that possesses the sea outlet for a vast portion of the export trade of two of the largest of those colonies, besides her own. has no common interest* that point to federation. One point in Mr. Glyde's ill-judged and mischievous deli verance is the fact that he is evidently at issue with his colleagues. They certainly approve of the annexation of New Guinea; but one passage of his speech indicates hostility even to this step. The Chief Secretary speaks in favor of federation. Though he eees difficul ties in the prior arrangements, he does not talk of it as a distant event, but Mr. Gljde scouts the scheme altogether, except as something that may possibly interest posterity. Mr. Glyde's attack upon tho missionaries docs not call for much notice. It manifested a vast amount of prejudice and ignorance, and showed that Mr. Glyde can have no knowledge whatever of the missionaries of tbe present day, or of the history of missions in the South Seas. The worn-out and vulgar sugges tion that the missionaries would be better employed among their own country men is just consistent with a cardinal principle that governs Mr. Glyde in his public life—that charitable, like other forms of enterprise, should not only begin but end at home. To him the names of Williams, Moffatt, Livingstone, Gutzlaff, Bishop Patterson, and Bishop Selwyn bring no lessons of self-denial, heroism, and Christian enterprise, richly re warded in their results to humanity and civilisation. Mr. Glyde appears to be opposed to all acquisition of new countries by the English race. He Is enjoying the benefits of such enterprise, which would never have had existence liad there not been men of a dif ferent style from Mr. Glyde in the old country when these new lands were occu pied by pioneers, of whose courage, sagacity, and perseverance he and like minded men are devouring the fruits —men who reap where others hare sowed, and directly or by implica tion sneer at or denounce the sower, Mr. Glyde gives as a reason why this colony should not take action with regard to annexation that there is a probability of war between England and France. Tomost rational people this would be a reason for the annexation of such places as New Guinea and the New Hebrides by Great Britain, in order that they might ba among the possessions that the old country would defend during war and retain when peace was concluded. It is of the utmost importance to the safety of these colonies, whose interests are iden tical, that there should nut be a foreign occupation of island's in a position where so occupied they would be a. constant menace to Australian territory and Aus tralian trade. The danger and mischief of foreign occupation of these places is not simply of a military kind. If France takes them there is the danger of the pollution arising from tens of thousands of felons of the worst type being in constant proximity to these shores, and whose landing and getting loose among our population it would be impossible to prevent. This is surely a matter of common interest to all these provinces, and the grievous error the Ministry have fallen into is that of breaking up the concert that but for them would have been fully maintained. What the people of this colony will] now desire to know is whether the Chief Secretary is sincere in his expressions of a desire for harmonious co-operation between the colonies, or whether Mr. Glyde, in his antipathy to the statesmen whose broad national sympathies and views are a. reflection on his own narrow minded and peddling ideas, represents the real opinions of the Cabinet. The result of the debate in the Assembly on this subject is humiliating, and cannot but be injurious to South Australia; and it is most deplorable that on a great national question any rep"esenta£i?ree of the people should iv ttie vute3 thuy re corded have been influenced not by its merits, but by tlioir feelings frith regard to an individual legislator. It is gratifying to learn that the (Glad stone Government have taken a definite stand in reference to the proposed con struction of another canal between the Mediterranean and the Hed Sea. They have been constrained to assume this attitude by the irresistible outcry of the liritish public in unmistakable unison 'with the mercantile classes, and by the determined action adverse to the Ciovern iueut contemplated by an influential sec tion of the House of Commons. They have consequently yielded perforce to a pressure that portended results pregnant with mischief. It is not surprising that the Ministry have been reduced to such a plight. They have, in fact, faltered and paltered with the cjuestion to an inexcu sable degree. Caution at the outset was no doubt eminently proper, but caution and hesitancy alike seem to have deserted the (?ovemment when they entered into an agreement with M. Lessees. Ifappily that agreement was simply provisional and required the sanction of Parliament, an approval not likely to be acorded, and hence with the best grace possible under aomewliat humiliating circumstances Mr. Gladstone unconditionally withdrew the obnoxious proposals. These bound the British Government to provide more than eight millions sterling at a stipulated rate of interest, and in return for this aad in obtaining a territorial concession M. Lcsseps on l>ehalf of the Suez Canal Com pany agreed to reduce (he transit dues and pilotage fees. These reductions were, however, to be contingent on the assurance of a 20 i>er cent dividend to the shareholders. It was be lieved that the company would consent to the abolition of half the charges for pilotage in 1880, and the balance in 1837, and Uiat they would reduce the transit dues on all shipping passing through the canal in 1888, by which time they hoped to have the second waterway constructed. It was further understood that the British Government would have the privilege of nominating one Englishman to act ai vice president of the company ; that an Eng lish naval officer would be appointed inspector of navigation ; and that Eaglish pilots would be employed. At present pilots must be engaged, ltut no Knglish men are in the service. Again, although England is the largest shareholder she lias only three out of twenty- four directorson the board and does not at all participate in the administration. The French shareholders were naturally satisfied with the ternn which M. Leaseps persuaded the Hritish Government to accept, but the English shareholders and the entire shipping and commercial interests of the country were annoyed and disgusted with au arrange ment which left the control still in the liands of H. Lesseps. The agreement was accordingly denounced in the country with emphatic unanimity, and Sir Stafford Korthoote gave nut ice that ha would oppose it when it was submitted to Parliament. In beating a retreat from an untenable position Mr. Gladstone said that the ijuestiou would now remain an open one. He ventured, moreover, to think that perhaps the European Powers would com bine to cany out a work which is a manifest necessity, and suggested that the control of the canal might then be of an international character. Almost simultaneously with this decision of the Government M. Leascps made another overture to Mr. Gladstone, but this the Premier appears to have wisely disre garded. Indeed, speaking in the House of Commons on July 24, after the receipt of M. Leaseps ? letter, Mr. Gladstonesaid that he had never admitted that gentle man's asserted right to the monopoly of the waterway, except across the Isthmus of Suez. This disclaimer is not quite explicit enough, yet it may be assumed to siguify that except across the line followed by the existing canal M. Lesseps s preten sions are unfounded. It caunot be for gotten, however, that Mr. Childers j the Chancellor of the Exchequer, adopted the monopoly view with out any reservation whatever, and declared that there was no alternative save to agree with M- Lesseps. Lord Granville also said, on July 17, that England could not obtain better terms for the duplication than those concerted with M. Lesseps, but his lordship declined to recognise the exclusive right arrogated by the French baron. It is significant like wise that the lorte contends that the monopoly conceded to M. Lesseps by Said Pasha was limited solely to the digging and control of the present canaL But the question was not to be left, so far as England was concerned, any longer in un certainty, for Sir Stafford Northcote notified that he would submit a motion to the effect that the claims of ML Lessens to a monopoly of canal construction across the Isthmus of Suez be repudiated in ail future negotiations between liini and the British Government. The debate on this motion took place on the 30th ult., when an amendment was carried leaving the Government perfect freedom of action in any future negotiations on the subject. It was next an nounced that there was a probability of negotiations being resumed, aa M. Lesseps had moderated his claims, and had apparently given up his determination to act independently of England, but this statement is contra dicted by our latest telegram on the subject. He has apparently not resumed the tone in which he spoke at the annual meeting of the company iv Paris, on June 4, when he delivered a most conciliatory speech, in the course of which he read a re port which hinted that thetrafnerates might be lowered when the dividend had reached 20 per cent. While affirming that his com pany alone had the right to make the new canal he nevertheless virtually admitted that he had not the needful land, and proposed to ask the British Government to help liim to get the necessary graut from the Khedive. Money is there fore not die only root of the diffi culty, and if a concession iias to j be asked it. is reasonable to ex pect that it will be sought in behalf of British interests instead of to promote the placing of the monopoly of two canals in the hands of M. Lesseps, thereby leaving England helplessly at his mercy. It has been suggested that there might be a fusion of the interests of two companies if only the basis bo once accepted that the second canal shall be made and worked by Englishmen. But even this is an uninviting prospect. What is both required and demanded is an independent intermarine canal constructed by English capital and enterprise, and managed iv the general interests of navigation and commerce. To this end the itovaruineut are called ujkju t'i exert their influence in order to secure the necessary graut of loiid with reasonable guarantees lor die safety of the invested money. At the meeting of British shipowners held in London on May 10 it was con tended that if another canal is to hi con st meted the work ought to be undertaken by the nation that contributes four-fifths of the revenue of the present canal, wliosu political interests have l)eeii shown by the purchase of shares in the present company to the extent of 44 percent., and to whose great dependencies the canal has become the chief highway. British interests are indubitably supreme in that region. The English shii<i>iii£; trade is neveithelcis seriously aflected by .stoppages atnl the expense of delays owing to the inadequacy of the existent waterway. It m pre posterous that KDgiiindshouldbiipreeluded from constructing another canal for her immense commerce with India, and the East; nay, it is properly insisted that it is incumbent upon England to construct her own route for her own ships to trade with her own dependencies. The interest of Australia in the matter ia fairly recog nised. It has been mentioned, among other thinga, Uiat a reduction in the canal rates, which a competing waterway would inevitably bring about, would favor Aus tralian wheat as against that of America. In fine, this second canal, owned and managed by England would deprive the Lessens Company of the means of longer taxing British commerce with the East and Australia. Presuming at the worst tliat M. Lesseps has the exclusive right he claims it is suggested that some way must be found for getting rid of so mischie vous a restraint of trade. British com merce must not be left liable to be throttled by a company. "Accommo dation and reduction of freights," says the Timn, " are very good thinga in their way, and were nothing more in question there might be less objection to negotiat ing on M. Lesseps' basis ; but a great deal more is involved. The political future of this country, the commerce of the generations to come after us, the intercourse between the great industrial centres of the west and the nascent populations of the east are committed to the care of Her Majesty's Government. No minister or negotiator can l>e permitted to avoid temporary trouble or consult present convenience by making arrangements which will leave these vast interests at the mercy o( a heterogeneous Ixxly of shareholders.' By ? majority of twelve votes the members of the Assembly on Wednesday afternoon rtfiued to carry the motion o£ Mr. Ward affirming the desirableness of South Aus tralia joining with the other Australasian colonies in any general action that may be determined upon with reference to the an nexation of New Guinea and the New Hebrides. In resuming the adjourned de bate the Chief Secretary pointed oat that the Imperial Government had not been induced by the Agents-General to reconsider their decision. In the opinion of the Government here the annexation of New Guinea was of j much more importance to South Australia than that of the Kew Hebrides, and as there ', was a distinct agreement between England and France that neither Power would annex those ??<f?*" the Government would not join in action that might involve the Imperial authorities in serious complications with a friendly State. Mr. Bray also mentioned with regret that he observed by the morning papers that Mr. Ward had received from the Premier of Victoria a copy of a dispatch sent to the Tatmanian Government indicating the terms on which the colonies should be asked to join in the proposed annexation of the Kew Hebrides. It appeared to him that then bad been a breach of etiquette on the part of the Premier of the other colony in trans* nutting an official document to a member of ! ihr f>rprwitiinn inrtimil ?f tih M*i? r^n"irn"?i?nt l This point was warmly debated by various . members during the afternoon, and in the ] course of the discucsion the Treasurer said he felt tore there must be some misunderstand ing, as he could not think Mr. Serric; was capable of such discourtesy as to aead to a prominent Oppositionist papers unknown to a Government who seiied the same Queen as his own Government did. It was explained by Mr. Ward in his reply that before the de bate commenced he had asked Mr. Service for information which might be of use in the discussion of the subject, and the document referred to was sent to him amongst others in accordance with that request. He had. how ever, quoted from none of the papers that were marked "confidential," and the one which bad bean referred to in the newspapers fiifl become public and gone into history before Us motion was tabled. The debate was a very lively one throughout, the Treasurer and Mr. Ward particularly falling foul of each other. It was evident that the motion was sympathisea with even by some members who did not wish to voteagaintt the Government, and all the points connected with the subject were fully and warmly dis cussed. The motion, after a debate lasting nearly all the afternoon, was negatived on a division by 23 votes to 1L The proposal of Mr. Landseer, in favor of taking immediate steps with a view of im proving the navigation of the Lower Murray River, was agreed to by the House of Assem bly on Wednesday afternoon. The debate on the motion was resumed by the Chief Secre tary.who stated that the Engineer-in-Chief had reported that it would be advisable to try as an experiment some of the methods suggested by Mr. Tmnrineer. * Mr. Mais stated that the method proposed of endeavoring to confine the waters of the Murray within cer tain limits was no doubt sound, and would not involve any great expense if carried out during the summer months. He strongly doubted, however, whether there wassufiU cient velocity in the water to cause a scour deep enough to effect the object in view, and before he reported on the suggested plan he considered that it would be well to have levels taken of the banks at the points which had been indicated, viz , at Pyap Beach and Hort's Island, when an approximate estimate could be given in the event of the plan pro posed being found to be practicable. The Chief Secretary informed the House that in view Of the report of Mr. Mais, experiments On a small scale would be undertaken, and should these prove successful Parliament would no doubt consent to a larger expendi ture being made. Attention was called by Mr. King in the Assembly on Wednesday afternoon to a tele gram from London appearing in the Adelaide papers, stating that the Agents General of the various colonies had waited on the Secre tory of State, Lord Derby, to protest against the landing of the Irish informers on Austra lian shores. The member for the Start en quired whether Sir Arthur Blyth had been instructed by our Government to join with the other Agents-General in this matter. In reply the Chief Secretary said no informa tion on the subject had been received by the Government, and the Agent-General had not been instructed to take any steps. We hear that a business firm in Adelaide advertised lately for a few hands, and that 303 men personally applied to them for work. This is a significant fact The surrendered selections were offered by public auction for the second time |on Wednesday at the Land Office, bat none were disposed of. The sale win be continued to-day. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Wednesday. John Jones pleaded guilty to two charges of forg ing and uttering, and received a sentence of tight years' imprisonment. Robert Vaust, convicted of burglary, was sentenced to three TP?rs'imprisonment; sad Taomu?'tat aod ! Richard F. Daly receive! a like term fo larceoy. Wai. Jas. Paioter, chargM with attempting to murder, wm found guiltr Mid ordered to be imprisoned for life. The cue egaicst David Smith,'charged with inflicting grevioua bodily harm, tM Adjourned until next day. Id the Houee of Assembly this afternoon the Hod. J. Oarr will ask the Oommiuiooer of Crown Lands whether be will cause a township ?o be surveyed and sold at the Mot ray bridge without delay. The Totalizator Repeal Bill ru read ? third time and passed by the Hoiue of Assembly on Wednesday afternoon. There was no opposition to the measure in iv last fatages in tie Ijower House. A telegram received on Tuesday at the Adelaide Exchange states tbat the ahip Northumberland, which vailed fn>ui SCm bourne for London ou March 3, aod *bsat the safety of which some anxiety t?i beer: ft it, left St. Helena on Juoe 8 The city coroner will liold an in^<ie*t "oa the body of the late Mr. George Beeb/ at the Lion Hotel this morning. A post-mortem examination was made by Dra. Magarey and Cawley on Wednesday evening, but the "Mlif of death has not been disclosed. A sudden death occurred at Gtwier oa Tuesday evening. William Thompson, a shoemaker, aged 70, while drinking a cop of cocoa, fell back and immediately erpired. The deceased had been walking about ap parently well in health during the day. Taw cause of death was apoplexy. Mr. Newland is to ask the Attorney-Ganaral in the House of Assembly to-day " what pro vision exist* for enabling a district council, in the case of the exchange of reserves, to divest itself of the condition of trust ai vested in it; and, if no means are provided, whether the Government will take early atep* to remedy such defect." The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Crait were continued on Wednesday before His Honor the Chief Justice, when the case ef Angas v. Cowan and others again occupied, the whole day. Tne defendants' erideae* was concluded, and Mr. Angas, the plaintiff, was called in answer to the counter elalsa. His cress- examination had not comaunoed when the court rose. The case will bs re sumed fhin morning. The following shows the state of the riven at the undermentioned stations at 9 a.m. on Wednesday, August B:—Gondagai, 3 feat; Wagga Wagga, 4 feet; Hay, 4 feet; Bal ranald, 5 feet 9 inches; Walgett, Brewar rina, fiourke, T^m^iij ma wni-nni^ en masts" level; Menindie, 1 foot 10 inches, falling; Pooncarie, 3 feet 3 inches fatliaa;; Wentworth, 9 -feet Cinches; Albury, 2 tet 0 inches; Echuca, 14 feet 2 inches; Swan Hill, 11 feet 3 inches; Euston, 10 feet Ift inches; Overland Comer, 5 feet 10 inches ; Wabgunjab, 3 feet 8 inches; Ooadoga, summer leveL On the motion of Mr. Howe the Honsaof Assembly on Wednesday afternoon agraea that copies of the very useful plans prepared by Mr. Wright. secretarytotheCommtssiooar of Crown Lands, showing the extent apd results of wheat cultivation in the catosgr from IS7O to 1532, should be supplied to each institute in the colony, or in places where na> institates exist to each oorporatiatt and dis trict council. The cost of carrying out this resolution will be only £30, and ftisfnlinrtJ that in supplying so ?????* valuable info* mation as is afforded by the plans *?fipri?4 to the money will be well expended. A question was askedby Mr. CogUnintfca Assembly on Wednesday as to whether Cha Government would arrange to have the ttwsi ness in connection with the Beal flopeilj Act expedited under the anperrisiaaof the Attorney-General, to that land proprisaan applying for their titles would have them within ten days from the date of tibeir deposit, in place of having to wait three week*or* month for them. The Chief Secretary ? plied that a report had been received Croat the Begistiar General that do complaints toad leached him as to any delay, and the workof the department was not in arrear. A paper was laid on the tab}* of the House of Assembly by the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Wednesday, giving particulars' of the sales of surrendered selections from the 13th of March, ISS3, to the 2nd of August ia the same jear, and showing the original amount of purchase-money of all selection* sold, the amounts realised at the sales, and the difference between the two. The return showed that there had been twenty-one salsa held during die period referred to, at which lands were disposed of which realised a total ? of £332,082 3*. 3d. The original purchase-, money of these lands amounted to £733,7181 12s. 3d., so Chat there was a difference or £101,636 9s. between the original purchase money and tha amount realised at the sales, A petition was presented to tha House of Assembly on Wednesday by Mr. Howe, from die chairman of a meeting of scrub4esssea held at Lochiel on Thursday, August 2, ia connection with the Land and Educatim Bills. This i??n>H^e had declared itseU in favor of the Land Bill, but disapprovaa?f the Education Bui in ao far as it related to fees, and was of opinion Oat where edacatipa was compulsory it shoald be free, It wax likewise resolved to ask the Government to reduce the fine imposed upon acrtib-lesseee for non-payment of rent from 10 per oent. for the first month and 20 per cent the asooad month to 5 per cant, and 10 per cent, re spectively; and also to insert a cultivation clause in scrub lessen, with a view of pre venting speculation in land and protecting bona fide fanned. An inquest was held at Bendleby on Mon day on the body of John McGann, who eosa> mitted suicide by hanging himself en Sanday morning. From tin evidence it appeared that deceased was arrested at Carrieton a few weeks ago on a charge of lunacy, bat was dis charged by the magistrates, who handed hha over to his friends. Since then he had bean staying with Mr. Caughlan. Oa Sunday morning, at about froVteek, F. O'flsrreH di?> covered deceased hanging, and iwmefliatab/ gave the alarm to Mr. OangWan. who. with theassiatanoeof Miss Mary O'Famil cut the man down. Tne body was quite wares, and every effort was made to restore animafann. but without avail. THejory returned a ver dict to the effect that deceased came to his death by hanging himself white in an nosoand state of mind, and that no blame was at tachable to any one. A meeting was held in St. John's school room, on Wednesday etenjng, August 1, for the purpose of *?n?g into consideration the advisability of restoring or rebuilding St. Joan's Church. The Bishop presided. She Dean of Adelaide was also on the platform, and a fair number of aeatholders attended. After some ilmwtwi*" it was resolved—" That this meeting pledges itself to further the work of restoring St. John's Church, and that steps be at once taken to raise funds for this object." A committee was appointed, consisting of the incumbent, wardens, Btdes men, and Messrs. Farr, Codd, Bigew, L?w rance, Hammond, and Beeton, to carry out tiie resolution. As about £1,500 will be re quired to properly restore the church, an appeal for assistance ia to be made to those who were connected with the church ia times gone by when it and Trinity were the only citychurches. At the close of the meeting a vote of fow 1*1"' was unanimously passed to the bishop for presiding, aid at the same time the congregation took the opportunity Of offering the bishop the warmest?! welcomes to the diocese. The Norwood division of the Salvation Army held tea and public meetings at Nor wood on Monday afternoon last. The army assembled at the old town hall at about 3 o'clock, formed into procession (headed by their brass band), and marched to Oisaond* terrace, where an open-air meeting was held. There was a good attendance both of tha soldiers (many of whom had come from the. city. Port Adelaide, and other districts) and. of the public generally. Hymns were sung, and several gave their experience. After the tea a public meeting was held in the assembly* room of the new town hall, and was conducted by Mr. R. Briant, the staff-treasurer of tha army. A report was read by Mr. Briaa^ in which it was stated that the Norwood, divine nof the army bad £718 i7£4. in hand. ecd it wss the intention of the staff in tha city when the Horwood Oorpi had £123, to forward £S0 and an advance of £200, making £100 in mil towards the erection of barracks at Norwood. Mrs. Staff- CaptainOlbbsthea presented Captain Densley and hia under cfftcer, Me Golding, with a flag the colon of the army, stating that she hoped they would betiuetotheircolonandthat much good work night be done by them. She also explained that their colors were blue, red, and yellow; blue signifying parity, red the bload of Jems Christ, and yeUow.the fire of the Holy Ghost. Captain Dendey, in replying, hoped he would long be spared to continue to fight the fight of faith. Several officers and soldiers ?poke testifying to the blessings they had received since theyhad joined the army. Tue meeting, which was a large one, was very orderly. The Hon. J. Cotton presented a petition to the House of Assembly on Wednesday, signed by 1,250 residents of Wilhmga, Aldinga, Maclaren Tale, Noarlunga, Hackham, Morpbett Vale, Yankalilla, Bapid Bay, Mjponga, Brighton,and Marino, praying for the construction of a railway from Adelaide to Wniunga, via Brighton and Marino, as recommended byaselectcommittee appointed by the House on September 20,1552. Itwas stated that the select commit*** expressed a conviction that the traffic returns taken by the Government daring the first six months of ISBI wen ????—it to warrant the expec tation of ? revenue from the railway which would cover the working expenses of two trains daily, excepting Sundays, and leave a fiaiafw towards interest on the outlay neces sary for theconstraetionotthe line. Since that time the traffic had considerably inareased, in the increased cartage of hay and the in creasing production of slate from the quarries. The main South-road was now undergoing extensive repairs, and it was represented that if the bulk of the heavy traffic were taken by tail, the cost of road maintenance would be reduced by more than one half, and a revenue would be obtained from this traffic which would be greatly increased by the provision <of railway aOTff Mm<w*"tinni It was likewise urged that this would fliminMi the cost of produce from the districts through which the railway would run, would stimulate pro duction, increase the population, and become * source of revenue install of being a source of anremuneratlve outlay like the present main road. A special meeting of the Patent Victoria Hydraulic Freestone Company of South Aus tralia was held at the offices of the company on Wednesday ffla?"g- There were ten I fr MT^<w? present, aid the Hon. J. Hodgkiss, M.L.G., presided, The chairman proposed that the following amendments and alterations be made in the articles of associa tion :—l. That in clause 9 the word "seven" be atruck out and the word "five" be inserted. & That in clause 10 the words "three pounds ten shillings 0 be struck out, and tile words "two pounds ten "MiHnay be inserted. 3. That the words after "of" in the third line of clause 46 be stzuck out, and the Allowing words be inserted:-" Ten members present, in person or by proxy, representing not less than 7,000 shares." 4. That clause 57 be amended by striking out all the words after the word "paid" in the second line thereof. 5\. That clause 60 be struck out, and the fol lowing words be substituted in lieu thereaf: —"The instrument appointing a proxy shall be produced at the meeting of the company, ?mnA no instrument appointing a proxy shall tt valid after the expiration of three months from the date of its execu tion, unless specially mentioned] 'therein." Me. Iff"**— * CTplainfd that the amend- Bents would make no material alteration, Yjut were intended to render the company workable. The first clause was in rafarence to the number of directors, which was seven, andwhichtheywisbedtoredacetofive. The second was in regard to the munnr.iation to be paid to the directors, which they wished to reduce according to the reduction in the cumber of director* The next clause it was intended to alter because it was-very difficult to obtain so large a number of shares repre a*ntrd at a meeting, and it was thought adris able to reduce it to ten members representing 7,C00 shares. The amending of clause 57 was proposed ao that memben would not be -required to be legislated a month before taking part in a meeting. Mr. T. King, ALP., seconded the motion, which was carried. "An alw i"**g piece]of news comes from Paris," mys the London LanceL "It is rtatfrfl +>..? mi uffii hi at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs there hat been attacked with yellow fever, communicated to bin through a dispatch from Brazil. This, if true, ii a startling ucwinenw. We have repeatedly warned our readers against the danger of disseminating riisrsaf by means of books and toys. We believe circulating libraries are fr?nn sources of peril, and that many grave and even fatal ittnrmtt may be traced to their agency. B?oks, espe cially of the 'witwiaJmng* class, are lead by sick persons, either in bed when recovering from fevers and commaoicable diseases generally, or during con valescence, when perhaps some chest affec tion with a cough infecbi the atmosphere. It is probably impossible to guard against this, l Jf< -mifg the wgr*"n particles which carry the infection or nHittg?"** may lie for weeks, montb>,.or perhaps years, hetwmeu the pages cf a bound book, to be dislodged at some on propitious f?"— ?t when the "J""* ****i'*#f to be handled by a susceptible person. It would be difficult to imagine a more powerful apparatus for the conveyance of disease than a book. Among the maladies most easily communicable J>y this agency may be mentioned momlcs, scarlet fever, diph theria, ordinary ' ?ore* throat, vhoopiag ooogh, bronchitis (perhaps phthisis), and cth.tr fhrrt a^^Ti*""", *" **"???""? ** which the lungs may be giving off poisonous breath and f i iiutttoratiiTfw. ati*^ disorders in which the akin is the seat of abnormal changes, or may be throwing out infective material. In abort, all that can be communicated is more JUkely to be communicated by a book than in almost any other way. It is obviously im practicable to disinfect books without in juring tf"**"i ""^ the plain inference must be toat circulating librarian are to be regarded as possible centres for the dissemination of disease, and that all books used by the sick itrpiA be destroyed immediately after use Disease may be oommnnicatod by dispatches, letters, or books. It is well that this should fee more cenerau^jnoognised.'' BespecUng the recent dreadful suicide at Kapunda, aome particulars of which we have paWished, the local paper says:—"The resi duife of Sapunda were shocked on Sunday morning by the intelligence that during the previous night a man named John Dawson, a working under the contractor who is at present repairing the bridge -ever the I^ght on the Kapunda and Ckeeneck- road, had committed suicide in * terribJj' ddihnratn manner, under cir -r—'Tf"— of the most revolting character. Dawson resided in an old hut near the bridge, in which a married man and his wife also lived, and the woman in going out ?ariy on Sunday morning saw the deceased lying dead near the back door. She at once ftwfinQtiMi*, who immediately reported the matter to the police, and Lance-Corporal Grant and Constable MacHamara, accom panied by Dr. TO^Mm^A fmn^-AaA t? ?.? mjv* On arrival a most i?oktitiingspectacle waspre eented to their view. They found deceased lying on the ground with his head nearly cevered from his body, whilst bis stomach was ?cut open and tte entzaflU scattered about the ground for yards aroani. In his right hand was tightly dntehed a veryrsharp common pocket-knife with wMeh he committed the act; so tighfly was it denoted On* it was rHth difficulty the police wrenched it front ..i* grasp. Dawaon must have stabbed him s.if in the stomach first, and after dragging bis intestines out and acatterin* ffeam about his hands showed that he did) he inflicted * fearful cast in bis throat, and succumbed. It is almost impossible to conceive how a man in the mutilated state in which deceased nut have been afterwardg could havehadsfaength to - mjt \m thrnafc, fanfctfca ""?i'"Ttini^t rnndw it improbable Oat any other hand but Duron's perpetrated the deed. Dawson was a straoger in this neighborhood, and was a mm appa rently about fifty years of age. He was married, but lived apart from his wife, wha. it is said, keeps a boarding- house in Mel bourne. Drink and family differences are supposed to have been the cauie of the mad act. The body was removed to the hospital, where Mr. J. Varley, S.M., held an enquiry into the circumstances on Monday morning. The jury returned a verdict that deceased committed suicide whilst in a unsound state of mind." In compliance with a resolution of the House of Assembly, on the motion of Mr. Ward, the Commissioner of Crown Lwds bud a paper on the table of the House of Assembly on Wednesday, specifying the number of sheep and cattle imported into this ***\nny from Bew South Wales and Queensland in the years 1881 and 1832 respectively, and also the total amount received by the Government for travelling fees for such stock. The return showed that in ISSI 469,350 sheep were im ported from New South Wales, the fees paid on which amounted to £134 2s. 5d., and 22,100 sheep were imported from Queensland, on which £26135. 4d. was paid as fees, making a total of 491*450 sheep imported daring that year, on which a total of £160 15s. 9d. was paid as fees. In the same year 15,711 head of cattle were imported from New South Wales, £43 3s. being paid on them as fees, and 25.507 head were imported from Queensland, on which £50 2s. was paid as fees. Thus during the year £177 ss. 6d. was paid on sheep and cattle imported from New South Wales, and £76 15s. 4d. on those imported from Queensland, £254 Oa. 9d. in aIL In 1532 there were 441,642 sheep imported from New South Wales on which £354 16s. 4d. was paid as fees, and 1,750 from Queensland on which nothing was paid, being in all 443,392 sheep on which £354 Ifis. 4d. was paid. In the same year 14,612 head of cattle were imported from New South Wales on which £22 15*. was paid, and 25.SSS head from Queensland on which £143 4s. 9d. was paid as fees, making a total of 165499 head of cattle imported during the year, and £165195. 9d. paid on them for fees. Accordingly during the year £4OTll?.4d.waspaidou?heepaudoattle coming from New South Wales, and £143 4*. 9d.on those from Queensland, m^fcing a total of £55016 a. Id. During the two years ISSI and ISS2, 934,842 sheep had been imported into the colony, on which £545 12s. Id. was paid as fees, and 95,018 head of cattle on which £259 4s. 9d. was paid as fees, making a total of £804 IBs. 10d. paid as fees on cattle im ported during the two yean. Sheep and cattle travelling from New South Wales and Queensland were not liable for fees unless they were actually on leased lands on the first day of the month in February, April, Jane, August, October, or December. A deputation of licensed land brokers and estate agents in tile city waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Catt) on Wednesday, for the purpose of laying before him the great difficulty and almost im practicability of carrying out the section in the Act referring to the payment of monies into the Land Office for the purchase of Crown lands from the Government. This section which requires that all cheques paid into the LandOfficesnanbepreviouslymarked"good' by the bank, has been in existence ?>!?? fo? passing of the Act, but bad not been insisted upon by the Government ?<e??i? until the bad sale held on Tuesday, August 7. when it was announced that it wouli be in sisted upon from that date. The deputation Which consisted of Messrs. M. Kingshorough. F. Wright, C. Lyons, K. St B. Miller. J. C. PnOlipp.Geo. S. Cotton, C. A. Smythe, A. J. Barnes, H. D. Gell, W. J. Brook, F. Dos well, L. Giles, and C J. ShutUeworth, was introduced by the Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C., who p^"fc**i 1^ *^iii*gnP*ii^tv*ftMfttyfrfnarrT ing into effect the provisions referred to. Messrs. Kingsborough, Wright, and Lyons also spoke of the disadvantages to which the whole of the agents would be subjected were this section enforced; wmsMnrint; the cases of lengthened sates in the Land Office, and the agent not knowing the am mint of deposit to be paid by him uponhis purchases, it was im pnflde to have hit cheque marked good on the same day, the banks doting at 3 o'clock, and thus another section in the Act, which "requirea the deposit to be paid on the day Of sate," most be broken. The deputation strongly requested the Commissioner not to enforce that section as against the recognised agena or any cheques payable in the city, as the purchaser or his agent would really have no consideration for the cheque beyond the receipt, and prayed that they might be allowed the same privilege in the Land Office as they received from the Treasury, who do BOt enforce the marking of cheques by the banks, and who give the Treasury receipt for the balance of the purchase-money upon payment of a cheque. The Commimioner acknowledge theappareuiimpracticabiUljof rim eection in certain cases, and stated that the pronaion had been rendered necessary of late in consequence of several farmers' cheques having been returned dis honored. He would, however, meet the wishes of the deputation in some form or Other. The opera ?* Boccaccio " drew a medium at tendance at the Theatre Boyal on Wednesday evening, when the performance passed off with a fair amount of success. "La Periohole" will be presented this evening with Miss Plaisted in the title role. Heywood's Minstrels at the Academy of Music again succeeded in attracting a crowded bouse on Wednesday evening, stand ing room being hardly obtainable. The audience evidently enjoyed the negro comi calities, Mr. ILawiess's rendering of the cuckoo song was thoroughly appreciated, and Mr.Heywoodand his tzaiaed pigeons at the finale received quite an ovation. A matinee is announced for Saturday. The performance of Shakespeare's historical play, "King Henry 1V.," was repeated .by at Bartholomew's Young Men's Society on Wednesday evening in the Norwood new Town Hall, to another good house. The representation at on Tuesday evening was most successful, and the performers were fre quently rewarded with applause. Mr. E. Beeves ?s Prince Hal came in for a special share of approbation, as did also Mr. Pittman as Falstaff. The character of Hotspur was snHtairert by Mr. Spooner, but his perfor mance oouldbardly be said to be equal to that of Mr. Woodhouse, who played it so creditably on the previous evening. On Tuesday Mr. E. C. Thomas, of Bowden, ?xJiiHJt?i hia diorama of "Pilgrim's Pro gress 0 at the Bible Christian Church. West Adelaide, in aid of the Bunday-Bchool funds. The building was well filled, and, judging from the applause and marked attention dis played, tte pictures and descriptive lecture were much enjoyed, more especially by the jounger portion of the audience, when the humorous sketch of "Bob Scratcbetfa Travels" was placed upon the proscenium. The pictures are excellently rVnt<Ml t and being thrown upon a large disc by a vary powerful scioptican the colon came out with great brilliancy. The choir of the church were in attendance, under the charge of Mr. Newcomb, the organist, and rendered various pj<-<ff fff ynn?i?? with prorjujpn mnj ?^-^Pt. The anthem, "O taste and see," was given in capital style, and evoked a hearty round of applause. The solos were wi?tetned by Misses Matthews, Barton, Miller, and Stuart, and Master Stuart. The fund* of the school greatly benefited by the entertaia- The meeting of the Model Parliament inconoec (Jon wttb the Adelaide Young Men's Society nu been postponed till Tuesday evening next. Incoanectton with the Social Parity Society a meeting for men only will be held in toe Bqpdat Lecture natt, Honrood, tbb evening, for the pur posa of supporting tto? zaaolntion —rtmfng to toe subject of *ocUI parity to be moved in (be House of Assembly next week. _ 