THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OlIR RIQ11M, AST) OUR HKSOUSlOKa. SANDHURST, MONDA Y, DEC. 17, 1SS3 Cablegrams.—1Two complete brigades of French troopa aro about to bo despatched to Tonquin, and the French force them will thus be increased to 15,000 men. Tho Egyptian Government has re ceived news that Hicks Pasha, who was reported to have been killed in tho Soudan, has arrived at Birket, but that he is isolated by hostile troops. Tho British Parliament will meot .on tho 5th Fobruary. The Richmond Regatta.—At this regatta held on Saturday, the Maiden Gig Raco was won by Eadio's Sandhurst crow, after a sovero tussle. A telegram appears in another column giving tho results. Tho Herald reports that in the fourth heat of the Maiden Sculls Busst looked all over a winnor, when ho fouled tho banks, and so gavo himself away, Owens winning tho heat. Tub New Mining Act.—ilr. \V. H. Grainger, tho Inspector of Mines, has received copies of the regulations under the Now Mining Regulations Act, which ho has distributed to tho managers of the various companies. These regulations are now in operation, and the inspector will proceed to enforce their observance. Stealing T"lowers.—Tho reprehensible practice of plucking flowers in the fernery is,notwithstanding tho many warnings which have been given, a daily occurrence. Yesterday the caretaker noticed a rospcctably dressed woman pluck somo of tho choicc flowers. Tho woman refused to give her name, but stated that she resided in Inglewuod. On being pressed she informed the caretaker whero she was stopping in Sandhurst, and she will be summoned. An Ambiguous Telegram.—On Friday evening wo received a telegram from our Kerang corres pondent containing tho result of tho licensing court, and also a paragraph with reference to a caso of road obstruction. Unfortunately our cor respondent failed to make it apparent where the one subject onded and the other began, a number of names being run together in such a manner as to make it appear that they were all defendants. Wo now learn that there was only one defendant, Robert M'Donald, his name being the last on the list sent, and tho others were applicants for renewal of licenses. We vory much regret the orror, as it has no doubt caused considerable annoyanco to tho parties concerned, and we tako the earliest opportunity of explaining the matter. The Fatality at the Bishop's Palace. - On Saturday the coroner held an inquiry into the accident which caused the death of the man Hy. Herbert Acocks, who fell from a ladder whilst painting at the Bishop's Palace on Friday morn- ing. The evidence of Samuel Jackson and Alfred Paynter, who were working with the deceased at the time, showed that the accident occurred through the ladder on which the deceased was standing slipping. Dr. Colquhoun, who made an external examination of the body, deposed that death re- sulted from shock to the system and hemorrhage of some of the internal organs. A verdict in ac- cordance with the medical evidence was returned. The I5.\GLEHAWK_SronTs.—Judging by tho in terest which is being taken in the sports to be held in Canterbury Park, Eaplehawk, on Boxing and New Year's days they should bo attended with an equal amount of success as they had last year. The entries for the principal events, which havo together with tho handicaps been published, are exceedingly good, and include tho beat runners in the district, as well as a few who have a firmly established colonial fame. For the Eaglehawk Handicap, of 150 yards, 300 yards and 420 yards, there aro twenty entries, and the walking match, of two miles, has cloven entries. The running ground, whj.cli will b.3 piaped in perfect condition, will be securely ropefl oif, a;jd the rejieral arrangements will bo as complete as it U possible to make them. DlSTOBBASOfc AT TUB iUsosio Hal;..— Last evening, while the services of the Sajvatipn Army were being conducted in the Masonic Hall, number of young rowdies entered and created a disturbance, wjiich for a time prevented the pro ceedings beinp gone on wit);. Tho speakers were continuously interrupted, and during th? singing the larrikins joined in, singing rhyme? .of their ova) composition. Tho police, who were stationed outside the hull to keep order there, were called ;n, but' as they did not see any oifenoe committed, and as the army leaders refused to giva tha offends™ in charge, they were powerless to act. Their' presence, however, had tiio eifect of pre. serving order. Death is the Hospital.—A man named Joseph Thorp, 53 years of age, admitted in the Bendigo -Jlcrpital oi) tho 11th inst., died yesterday from cbnjjtsjios o-- fye brain. Gor.n, Calls, and Divider™.—-Tho list of gold vicljH on Saturday was splendid, tho total being fully 5,300 ozs. Thin includes a grand Christmas cake of 1,100 ozs from the Garden Gully United, who will liavo almost :V3 largo a cako noxt Satur day for the week only. Tho other largo yields were sent iu by the Now Chum United, 1'"■ liolmont, 395 ozs; Now Chum Railway, 278. ozs; United Devonshire, 229 ozs; Victoria Gold Mines —220 ozs; Shenandoah, 215 ozs; and isow St. Mtingo, 210 ozs. The dividends reached tho line total of £10,025, tho contributing companies being tho Garden Gully United, 3s; Belmont and Isow Chum United. Is each; Now Chum Kail way, Shenandoah, Duchess of F.dinburgh, and Ilusc of Denmark, lid each. Thoro will be somo moru Christ mas cakos noxt Saturday. Tho calls for tho week wero »/7, and tlio roapuctivo total** for tho yoftf (oO weeks) now Rtand:—Gold, 212,831 ozs; calls, £l'.M/ir.i r» -Id; dividends, £80!>,1S3 3s 8d; divi dends over cails, £111,70!) 18s Id. Tho figures for tho corresponding 50 weeks last year, which woro far ahead of-tho several previous years, were:—Gold, 195,410' ozs; calls, £202,292 10s; dividends, £310,810 Is -Id; dividends over calls, £113,553 8s 4d. ^ A , ! KntK AT Goldkn Gur.l.y.— A. lira occurred at Golden Gully on Saturday eveniii(j. At about a1 quarter to niuo tho alarm was given, and the Golden-square, Temperance anil No. 1 Firo Bri gades at onco proceeded towards tho lire, which was at a woathorboard houso in M'Dougall- road, Golden Gully. Tho houso belonged to Mr. Abra ham Chapman, an ongitio- driver, and was situated about three-quarters of a mile distant from the Goldon-squaro depot. Tho local brigade, under tho command of Hoso-cflicer. D. Huston, was, however, tho first to arrive, and thoro being a rood muster a strong jot of .water was soon jrimght to bear on tho flames. The firo had by this tiipo, however, seized tho wholo of tho build ing, and at half-past niuo nothing remained but a fow charred upright posts and boards. Mr. Chap man, the owner of tho premises, was absent in Sandhurst nt tho time. Mrs. Chapman states that she had spread somo clothos before tho lire in the kitchen to dry, and had retired to tho adjoin ing room, and waB rosting on tho bod with her young child in hoi- arms, when alio discolored that tho place was on firo. In order to savo herself aud child sho had to rush from tho houso immediately, the only'articlo sho saved being an album which slio anatclicd off tho table as sho passed. In addi tion to the furnituro which was totally destroyed, thoro was a sum of £'J in cash lost in tho flames. Wo are informed that tlio building was insured for £100 in tho Australia Felix Company. The Temperance and No. 1 Firo Brigade did not arrive until tho fire was almost extinguished. . A " Vkrandah " Dispute.—On Saturday two brokers had an altercation at tho Beehive respect ing tho delivory of shares, nnd somo language tho reverse of polite was used. Cross summonses havo boon taken out, aiid the matter wilt bo investigated in tho l'olico Court on Thursday. Tun Convent Bazaar.—The concluding scene in conncction witli tho bazaar, which was opened on tho 28th ultimo, was witnessed on Saturday afternoon when the unsold articles were disposed of by auction. Mr. Calvert, of Messrs. Macpher 8on and Co.. acted as auctioneer, being assisted in his task by Mr. Taylor and Mr. D. O'Keefe, who rendered themselves useful by handing tho articles round to tlio purchasers. Tho bidding was of a very spiritod character on tho whole, and tho sale was conducted with considerable merriment. Many, excellent articles woro disposed of for a inere song. Tlio prococds of tho auction sale amounted to £1-1 fls. (id. Tho committee desire to acknow ledge tho reooipt of the following :—£ L is. from : Mr. Magee, par Mr. P. Hayes; from Mr. Thom son, a fender stool, previously won and returned to tlio bazaar. Mrs. O'Connor desires to acknow ledge with thanks the roceipt of tho sum of 10s. from Mr. Horon, of Golden-squaro, in aid of .tho funds of the bazaar. Mrs. O'Hagan acknowledges the receipts of £1 from Mr. Tamlyn, £1 from/Mr.1 Ilogan, £1 Is. from a friend. ,No. 3 stall art union was drawn on Saturday. The full receipts will be published to-morrow. Tub Minikg Managers' Association.—On Saturday a meeting of tho Mining Managers'. As sociation was held at tho Victoria Ilotol, but tho proceedings were not open to tho press. ■, It was understood that the business was only of a routine character, including tho nomination of officers for tho onsuiug six months. Wrestling. — Our Melbourne correspondent writes :—Tho proposed benefit to Messrs. Black burn and Thomas, who wrestlod so pluckily in tho recent match with 1'rofosaor Miller is fixed for next Saturday evening at thol'rincoss Theatre. The following athletes will take part in tho pro gramme:—Professor Miller and Messrs. Christie, Ciirran, Nathan, Newton, Victor, togethor with, lilackburti and Thomas thonisolves, and two wrestlers from Faglehawli. Obstructing a Thoroughfare. - At Kerang on Friday a man named Robert M'Donald was charged with obstructing a public road. It appeared that M'Donald and a man named Fletcher were working at a sawmill at Koon- drook. During some disagreement between the men M'Donald alleged that Fletcher threatened, to gallop over him; and in revenge for this M'Donald obstructed the road leading to the sawmill with an iron bar after dark, his object being to do Fletcher an injury. The latter, however, while riding along the road saw the obstruction in time, and the designs of M'Donald were frustrated. For the defence it was alleged that the road was not a public one, but as it appeared that the proprietor of the saw- mills allowed any one to use the road who desired to do so, the Bench convicted the defendant and sent him to gaol for one month. M'Donald was brought to Sandhurst on Saturday, and lodged in the gaol. Holiday Railway Arrangements.—Iu con nection with the forthcoming Christmas and Now •Year's Day railway excursions, the Railway Department intimates that special trains will leavo Sandhurst for Melbourne, stopping at Castle maino, lvyneton, -Woodend, and Sunbury only, on the 22nd.' 2-lth, 25th, and 2Gth Decomber, at 0.40 a.m., 11.05 a.m., 3 p.m., and 7.5 p.m.; on the 29tli and 31st Deoomber and 1st of January at 0.-10 a.m., 11.55 a.m., 3 p.m., and 7.5 p.m. ; and from the 2nd to the 8th of January inclusivo at 11.55 an). All 3 p.m. specials Btop'at Castlemaine, ICyneton, and iijl stations from Kynoton to Melbourne. , ,, , Death of an old Resident - At the Back Creek cemetery yesterday, the last solomn cere- monies were performed in the case of another old resident, Mrs. Brown, who died on Friday last at the residence of her granddaughter, Mrs. A. Mason, Booth-street, New Chum. She came to Sandhurst in 1867, and had reached her 89th year, having, been born in 1795, in the County of Tyrone in the north of Ireland. She survived all her family, her husband, Mr. Matthew Brown,having died at Portadown, County Armagh, Ireland, some 32 years ago, and the last of her five children died 15 years ago. However, several of her grandchildren are settled in Sandhurst, and she had lived to see some of her seven great grand children grown up. Mrs. Brown will be well known by many of the old residents, as some years ago she carried on business in M'Crae Street, near the Black Swan Hotel. The old lady preserved her faculties almost unimpaired to the last, and for many years had not found it ne- cessary to wear glasses. She had a perfect recol- lection of the birth of Queen Victoria, and of the death of Princess Charlotte, whom she used to speak of as "the nation's hope." The battle of Waterloo and the death of Nelson were quite fresh in her memory, and for many years she had a portion of the dress she wore when the nation went into mourning upon the news of Nelson's death reaching England. In the Back Creek cemetery the remains of members of four genera- tions of her family are now interred. Yesterday's ceremony was semi-private, only a few of her more immediate relatives being present. The Rev. Canon MacCullagh officiated at the grave. An Exciting Bolt.—On Saturday evening, when the Mall was crowded with pedestrians, a horse attached to a cart belonging to tho Teapot Cash Store, and which was standing in front of that establishment, took fright and bolted at a fast rato down tho Mall. The crowd scattered in every direction, but unfortunately the affrighted animal had not proceeded far when a young fellow named John Sampson, a porter at the local railway station, was struck by one of the wheels of the cart aud thrown violently to tho ground, the wheel passing over his left hand. A short dis tance further on another young fellow was struck on the arm, but escaped injury, his coat alone being damaged. By this time there was quite a panic in the Mall, several of the cab horses of the kangaroo Flat rank showing a disposition to bolt, causcd no doubt by the noise created by tho scramblo and the shouts of warn ing. When the animal had reached opposite tlio Commercial Hotel it swerved off, and ran between the Reserve fence and the ICpsom cab rank. Several of the pickets of the fence wore brokon, and tho box of tho wheel being caught against one of the posts, the animal was unable to proceed further with the vehicle. It was surprising how tho cabs escaped injury as tho space between them and the fence was only a few feet. Young Sampson was taken by his friends to a neigh boring shop, and Dr. Baumgaertner was called in. He found that the sufferer's lingers were severely bruised, aud some of his ribs broken. Considering the crowded condition of the Mall at the time, it is most fortunate that further and more serious mishaps were not caused. Tho horse, it is stated, was frightened by the noiso of one of the returning fire-reels, but had the driver taken tho precaution to chain the wheel, as he should have done, the bolt would havo been prevented. An Unwarrantable Insult.—On Saturday afternoon a blackguard grossly insulted somo ladies in Mitchell-street. While a lady and her two daughters were passing an notel, in the street named, the man, who was standing in the bar, ran to tho front door and called out after them, using a most offensive epithet, in such a loud voice that he could be_ plainly heard some distance from the hotel. When the man, who it is said did not appear to be drunk, offered the insult he ran inside the bar again, whore the "joke" appeared to be highly appreciated by his companions, judging by tlio loud gufiaw.i that followed. Kkrakc Licensing Court.—At this court on Friday, before Mr. Webster, P.M., and Messrs. Kirwin and Littleton, Js.P., tho following licenses were renewed, namely:—JohnCullen, James H. Boll, Henry Alger, C. A. Punch, H. Dorson, T. Finnamore, Duncan M'Intyre, John Singleton, Donald Sutherland, John Scantlcton, W. H. Safe, Thos Turner, Donald Kerr and .T. Hamilton, Thomas Finnamore, junr., applied forthe.removal of his license from llawkinston to Kerang: ilr. Hiigh.cs apppared for the applicant; the ap plication' WiisYetnr-'u'l, 'L'at.ick O'Donnellapplied for the removal of his license from 'Budgerifiii into Kerang; Mr. H. Wrixon appeared for tlio ap plicant, and Mr. Johnson appeared on behalf of four publicans to oppose. Alter ^hearing tho arguments of the'solicitors engaged in tho case, and the evidence of several witnesses, tho Bench granted.the application. Alexander M'Phei\sonV; .application for a license for his house at Koon drcok, was refused, all tho -necessary notices not having hoon given ill time. Superintendent Palmer was prosent on behalf of tho police. . . Cm Court.—Messrs. Rundell and Osborne, Js.P., attended at the Police Court on Saturday, and lined two drunkards and adjourned a debt case. Oou Defence Vorue.—Wc understand that tho_ proposal to form ISallarat, Sandhurst, and Gastle niainu into one district, to au"J>ply a battalion of militia uijder the new Defence System is not reearded with favor by intending rec™'t3orby the officers. Tlioy considor that Ballarot and adjacent districts should form ono battalion and Sandhurst and Castlemaino another. It_is pro bablo that this view will bo urged upon Major bar good during tho no.\t fow days, and the absuiditv ot joining Ballarat and Sandhurst, places so far asunder, will no doubt bo apparent to that gentle man. an. . , Tim Rkv. T. 13. Tck's Faiuwkli.- At Chalmers' Church yesterday tho Rev. T. J!*. lot preached his farowell sermons, solecting as Ins subject 111 tho morning "Last words of .Jesus, and in tho qvoning " Last words of Moses. In tho afternoon ho delivered an address to tho Sunday School children. In tho evening Mr. lolc addressed a fow parting words to his congregation, and during their delivery injiny of those present wore much affected. Mr. and Mrs. Ick and family will leave for Melbourne on 1 hursday ANNIVERSARY OK.THE SALVATION AllMY. TllO anniversary of tho Salvation Army in Melbourne will bo celebrated on Now Year's Day, and tho Exhibition building has boon seourcd for tho occasion. The affair will bo carried out on a sale of considerable magnitude. • Tub INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH.—A tclO oram in anothor column gives the names of the Victoria Eleven chosen to play agamBt r>ow South Wales. Tho match is to be commenced on Monday 24th December, instead of Boxing Day. This decision of the association is very unjust to country people who wish to sco tho match, because of the break in tho play which will occur by the intervention of Christmas Day between tho first and second days' play. „ - L, m,. Banquet to Mb. . H. E. Tolhurst.—This evening the banquet to Mr. H. E. Tolhurst, late town clerk of Eaglehawk, will tako place. ' Mr. Tolhurst has been so long identified with the borough that the gathering should bo a thoroughly representative one, and tho proceedings^ of an enthusiastic character. Mr. Tolhurst arrived in Sandhurst about 20 years ago, when lio was em ployed by his cousins, Messrs. Tolhurst Brothers, chemists and gold buyers in View Point, as architect to erect the presorit buildings occupied by tho Oriental Bank. Ho was afterwards en gaged in building Messrs. J. W. and G. Williams stores. Oriental Bank, tho Town Ilall and numbers of other public and private buildings at Eaglehawk. Later on lie wasappointed totakechargoof asection of the Coliban aqueduct and the tunnel at Expo dif ion Pass, nearElpliinstone. It was while lie was ongaged on this work about seventeon years ago, thattheEaglohawktown clerk and surveyorshipbe came vacant. Ho was an applicant, and receivod tho appointment. After this ho practised as architect, and mostly all tho public and private buildings of Eaglohawk have been erected undor his supervision. The public works in tho borough speak for themselves. Tho lako is ono of tho most recent, and reflects much credit upon Mr. Tol hurst, to whom tho design was entrusted. The asphalto channels in' tho borough havo been pronounced by 'Mr. Le Capolain, tho Central Board of Health inspector,as tho only ones in the colony worthy of the name. Mr. Tol hurst has been so closely identified with the riso and progress of the borough that it is like losing part of itself, now that tho borough loses his ser vices. Tiie long poriod during which ho has held that position, and the cordial relations which have existed between him and • the council through out his highly satisfactory tenure _of office, are facts which speak volumes for his fitness for positions of tho kind. IIo will certainly carrv with him the good wishes of all in the * borough who have known him best, and he has our cordial wishes for his welfare in tho new sphoro upon which ho has entered. Thk M'Donouoh Family.—Tho St. Vincont do Paul's Society havo received tho following further donations Oir behalf of tho'M'Donough' family, whoso sad caso has already been referred to in tlieso columns:—A. friend, 103.; hon. R. Burrowes, 1.0s.; and Mr. T. D. Taylor, a dozen of' porter. Mrs. Hayes, of Long Gully, has also for warded to Mrs. Al'Donough a parcel of groceries and medical comforts. i Caukounia Gully Library.—A special meet ing of tho California Gully Free Library commit-, tco was held at the institute on Friday last. Mr. .T. Taylor, vico-presidont, occupied tho chair. It was decided that tho formal opening of the insti-. ' tute should tako placo on Friday, 21st December, and tho hon. sec. was instructed to forward invi tations to the hon. J. Service, hon. Graham Berry, hon. D. C. Sterry, M.L.C., tho members for Man durang and Sandhurst, the Mayor of Sandhurst, Mayor and councillors of Eaglehawk, presidents of other libraries in tho district, members of the Eaglohawk Board of Advice, and to several other gentlemen who have given valuable assistance to tho institute. Aftor tho formal opening there will be a banquet at tho White Horse Hotel. Dramatic Entertainment.—A correspondent writes:- A performance was given in Weeroona Hall on 12th December, in aid of the Bendigo Hospital, by the Weeroona Dramatic Club. The hall was kindly lent by Mr. Beiseher, and was well filled. Songs by H. Lethbridge, E. Schellenberger and F. Apted were rendered in good style. The farce "Bruised and Cured" by H. Leth- bridge aud W. J. Gissing caused great laughter. The programme concluded with the side-splitting farce entitled " Grand-mudder's Ghost," which was well rendered by F. and E. Schellenberger, Gissing, and Apted, the audience being kept in roars of laughter until the curtain was drawn. Eaglehawk Police Court,—Tins court sat on Saturday, bofore Messrs. Kneebone, Mouat, and Palmer, Ja.P. A young man named John Ketterer waa proceeded against on three charges, namely, using obscene language, being drunk and disorderly, and assaulting the polico while in the execution of their duty . Sergeant Glceson deposed that at about a quarter to nine the previous even ing two messages "came to the polico station to tho effect that the prisoner was creating a disturbance at the Coriiish Cottago Hotol. Witness, in com pany" with .Constable Bennott, proceeded to the hotel and /ound the prisoner assaulting his father and behaving in a disorderly manner. They expe rienced great difficulty in handcuffing him aud placing liim in a cab. Ho became very violent and kicked at them savagoly. Prisoner also made use of somo obsceno language in tho presence of a crowd of women and children. Constablo Bennett gave corroborative evidence. The bench fined the prisoner for the first ofl"ence20s, with (is. 6d. costs, or one week's imprisonment in default. On tho second charge a fine of to was imposed, with an alternative of ono month's imprisonment; and on the third charge a sontenco of two months' impri sonment waa passed without tho option of a fine. Tho sentences are cumulative. . Commissioners op t'iie Supreme Court.—His Honor the Chief Justico has appointed Mr. H. O'Brien, solicitor, of Goulbnrn, and. Win. J. Lobb, inspoctor of stock, Wontworth, both iu tho colony of New South Wales, to bo commissioners of the Supreme Court of Victoria. Surveyors.— Mr. G. U. Watson, of Sandhurst, aud Mr. J. II. Maxwell, of Carlsruhe, are respec tivoly licensed by the Surveyor-General to practice as surveyors under tho Transfer of Lauds Statute. ■ .' . Accident at Rochester.—Our correspondent writes:—An accidout happened hero nil Friday afternoon to a. young man named P. Gleeson, an employe in Messrs. Worrall Bros, blacksmithiog establishment, Mackay-strcet. Ho was iu tho act of holding a bar of iron whilst another follow workman wa3 striking it with a heavy hammer, when by some* mischanco tho striker missed his stroke and tho full force of the blow fell on the unfortunate young man's finger, completely sever ing it from tho hand. Ho was attended to by Dr. Courtenay, who speedily dressed tho wounded part and the sufferer returned home. He will probably bo laid up for a few weeks. Engine-drivers' Association.—Tho ordinary meeting of the Bcndigo branch of the Amalga mated Engine-drivers and Engineers' Association was held on Saturday night at Hansen's Hotel, Mr. B. Lewis in the chair. There was a good at tendance of members present. The ordinary business having been got through, the meeting closed. The Bordeaux Exhibition.—In tho window of Messrs. Joseph and Co., Pall Mall, on Satur day tho gold medal awarded at tho Bordeaux Exhibition of 1SS2 to Mr. Albert Brulm for his exhibit of Pedro Ximines, a wine of 1870, was on view. Tho medal, which weighs five ounces, is handsomely embossed on cither side, and is a valuable prize, besides being an evidence of the excellence of the wines of Bendigo. Oil Painting.—On Saturday at tho gallery of Mr. Short, photographer and artist; Pali Mall, we were shown an exceedinglv fine original painting in oil by Mr. Wm. Short himsolf, who is a member of the Victori.m Academy of Arts, Melbourne. The subject is " The path by the river " and the scene is on the Yarra near Heidelberg. Those who are acquainted with the many lovely spots on the winding Yarra at this and other localities from Studley Park upwards, will bo best able to appre ciate the admirable and realistic work_ under notice. The time is evening, the river with the foliage of the trees skirting its banks dipping in the meandering stream is in tho foreground, and the Plenty ranges are in the distance. Every feature is faithfully depicted. .Lovers of art will not regret a journey to Coopc s in Mitchell-street, where the painting will be on view. . Christmas Holidays.—It is notified by last Friday's Gucc'Jethat on Monday the2tth instant, Tuesday the 25th instant, and Wednesday the 2bth instant, the public otlices will be closedjexcopt in the instances undermentioned), the 2oth instant (Christmas Day) being appointed by the Civil Service Act No. 100, to be observed a. pubnc holiday, and the other days being hereby appointed and notified as such under the power conferred by the said act. In tho departments or Cu-tom-, Post Office and Telegraph, and Railways, arrange ments will be made to obviate any public incon venience which the total suspension of business might cause Monday has als .been proclaimed a bank holiday throughout the colony. _ Mr. L. Richardson's Co:;ci:ur.—Tins evening the first of the quarterly concerts by the students from Mr. Laurenee Richardson s artists cln-s will take place at tho Masonic Hall. The following ladies aud gentlemen will tako part in the vocal selections:—Mrs. Tainlyn, Mrs.^ Russell, Miss Mueller, Miss Sexton, Miss White and Mis; Lean, and Messrs. Brown, Henderson, Tinkler, Kipper, Koper, andTamlyu. '1 h'j pianists will bo Mi.-s H. Lee, Miss E. Hansen and Mr. Welch. Mr. Richardson intends to present a gold medal to the best performer of tho three. Some of Mr. Richardson's pupils on the piano forte are already so far proficient .is _ to bo able to play tho most difficult compositions from Chopin, Mcndellsohn and other gre.it masters. Tne public will have an opportunity this evening of judging of the merits of the three per formers mentioned above, who arc natives of tnis district. The programme for tho occasion is really a very fine one, including selections from Uos.iini, Beethoven, H.-jndd, MendeUssabn, and others. One of the best piccir. of tho even ing will ba tho part song "Evening Star," :and "The image of the Rose," with humming accompaniment, tho solo by Miss Sexton. . Tho.concert will commence at S p.m., and carriages may bo ordered at a ouarter past 10 o'clock, Evening dress ia requested. I'.KXllIC.O RlFl.KS.—'TlloVO should 1)0 a dnnc] ;,t tendanco of our local rille corps on Wednesday next, .is not only is it the commanding olfice'rs monthly parade, but it will also bo the la>t f, the present year, and probably the final one buf disbundmont. A good attendance is requested and it is also announced that long service incihils and marksmen's badges will be distributed. All accounts against the corps are requested to l.g sent in at onco to Major Blackburn. Tin: wKATUER jestorday was fine and mil,) with north-westerly breeze blowing. The ther! momoter at Messrs. Joseph and Co's., Mall, registered 011 Saturday as follows:—!l a.m 1)3°; 12 a.m., SO'; . 3 p.m., 81°; C p.m., 71'! maximum, 81°; minimum, 54°. Barometer—9 a m' 2'J-lfiO; (ip.m., 29-380., UNVEILING A MONUMENT.—On Wednesday the members of the Sandhurst troop V. V. Light Horse are requested to parade dismounted at the Orderly Room at 4:30p.m., to proceed to the White Hills cemetery to assist in the ceremony of unveil- ing the monument to the memory of the late Major Moorhead. Sale of Unkf.df.kuf.0 Pu-:iw;f.s.—To-day ;lt twolvo o'clock at the auction mart of Messrs. .! •« Andrew and Co., a monster salo of unredeemed' pledges will bo conducted to the oritur nf ,\|r AT, Barnett, of M'Crao-slrent. The IUt which lias been advertised, comprises all of tho mn-t curious, useful and valuable articles which iiiid thoir way into a pawnbroker's establishment. Tub Caledonian Gamks.—In our adverti'm? columns tho entries and handicaps for tho Shef field Handicap, Milo Race and Bicycle Unco t„ bo run on Boxing Day, in connection with tli.) Caledonian games, to bo held iu the Agricultural Society Show grounds, will bo found. There are 51 entries for tho Sheffield Handicap, 11 entries for tho Milo Race, und tho samo number for the Bioyclo Race. Acceptances for these events will bo received at the View Point Hotel up to 8 p.Illt ou Saturday, tho 22nd inst., and nominations (,,[• tho Half-nnlo Race and Bicycle Race are to 1 mado on Wednesday, the 19th inst., at the a:Uli,, place. For all other events post entries ar e to be mado. Tenders for part or the whole of the pub licans' booths will be received at the View l'olut Hotel up to seven o'clock .on Wednesday evening. Deposits equal to 10 per cent, of the amount ten dered. must accompany each tender, which will t,a returned if the tender should not be accepted. Dki'UTV Rkgistuah.—Mr. J. C. Johnston has been appointed deputy-registrar of births and deaths at Gunbower, rice Mr. \V. Joluisti,n resigned. Mr. Kittson announces that ho has commenced business in this city as a draper, in succession to Messrs. Moilitt Bros. The following paragraph concerning Mr. Kittson appeared iu a recent issno of tho Richmond Australian :—" Mr. Kittson h.n I been a respected townsman, whoso genial manner has won him many friends. Ho succeeded in work ing up n good business in Simpson's road, and then sold out his freehold at a largo profit. He tiikes to Sandhurst tho whole of his drapery stock, anil his well-known business ability will secure for him there, no doubt, good financial rosults." The windows of tho Bendigo Coffee Palace pre sented an iittracti vo appearanco on Saturday night. A largo quantity of excellent viands were well set out, and tho effect was a very striking one. Tho touderof Harris and Patterson for the erec tion of staging in connection with tho St. An drew's sports has boon accepted. The Victoria Quadrille Assembly will not meet at the Masonic Hall this evening as usual. On Boxing night a special assembly will take place. All the Melbourne soft goods warehouses will be closed for tho Christinas holidays on the 24th, 25th and 20th of December, There were four drunkards locked up on Satur day, three being males. 