CATHOLIC. THE WINDOWS OF ST. MARY'S CATHE . DEAL. It ?will, wo are certain, bo gratifying news to all ?who are interested in the Cathedral, including ' those good peoplo throughout tho colony who bo generously helped whon the appeals woro inp.do ior St. Mary's, to hear that there ave no\7 eight stained glass windows erected. Whon we last wrote on the Bubject there were four windows in the Cathedral, and the additional windows have been placed in position within the past few weeks. Ib is the cu&tom; in England to design the stained windows bo as to admit as much light as possible, and Dr. Donovan in his instructions to MesBa'S. Hardman Brothers of Birmingham, tho celebrated artists, recommended the use of deeper ana stronger tints lo ouil une origin; ana power ful sunlight of this part o£ tho world. When the first two windows arrived it wcei found that they wore too much after the Snglioh style, and Dr. Donovan wrote again, impressing upon fcho artiste the necessity oi: adhering to his instructions. There was an appreciable improvement in the next windows that arrived, and the last four are all that can be desired, being ex tremely rich in colouring and perfect in tone. The now windows are the Visitation, presented by Mr. John Johnson, of Phillip-street, in memory of his daughter ; tho Nativity, the gift of the Catholic cabmen of Sydney ; the Kesurrec tion, presented by Dr. Donovan ; and the Ascon oion, a memorial window given by Mr. John Keeshan in memory oi! hio wife and daughter. The comploto order of the windows, commencing on the western side, near St. Joseph's Altar, with the names of donors, is as follows : — Western side : 1. Tho Annunciation — presented by Mr. Jeremiah Donovan, J.P. ; 2, Tho Visitation — Mr. J. Johnson ; 3, Tho Nativity— tho Catholie Cabmen of Sydney ; 4, The Presentation ; 5, The finding of our Lord in the Temple — tho A.H.C. G-uld ; G, The Agony in tho Garden — the Catholic Printers ; 7, tho Scourging at the Pillar. Southern end : 8, tho crowning of our Saviour with thorns ; 9, Carrying the Orocs. Eastern side j 10, the Crucifixion ; 11, the Resurrection — Dr. Donovan ? 12, tho Ascension — Mr. John Keeshan ; 13, Descent of the Holy G-host ; 14, Assumption of the Blessed Virgin — Mr. Henry Austin, J.P. The fifteenth mys tery, the Crowning of the Blessed Virgin, will form the subject of the magnificent northern window. This window will be erected in memory of the late Archbishop, and it has been ordered. The splendid circular window over tho main e-ntranco will contain the Prophets of the Old Law, and the circular window on the opposite ' aide will be devoted to the twelve apostles. The largo six-light window below the oircular one uu me oanuoru uiuo, wmcu ib one ol me osbd positions in the church, will be for St. Patrick and the Irish Saints. The other windows allotted speeial places are the Sacred Heart, on tho wes tern side, presented by the Oufcholie Young Women's Society, Sydney, and tho window of St. Cecilia, which is to bo in the organ chamber. The two four-light windows in the nothern end are known as St. Joseph's and St. Peter's, and the first mentioned window, the gift of Mr. J. Donovan, J.P. (his second gift), has been in its place for some considerable time. Tho Guild window will bo tho next to ar rive from England, and after that tho Printers' window will doubtless ho ordered, mostof tho money required being in hands. It is probablo that the great northern window, which is to be the gem of the wholo collection, will be finished some time next year. Messrs. Lyon, Cottier and Co. have satisfactorily performed the work of placing the windows in tho Cathedral. By the list given above it may be seen that there are a number of vacant windows somo of them in splendid posi tions, and those who have a desire to add to the beauty of the Cathedral by putting in a window will receive all information and necessary parti oulars from Dr. Donovan at hie chambers in King-street. All the stained windows now in St. Mary's are executed in a high style of art, and they are in every way worth a visit of inspection. Appropriate brass tablets with inscriptions giving the names of donors are to bo placed at the foot of each window. Some of tho tablets are now being executed at John Sands's. 