Sfcetcber* IN THE DEATH STATION. FBOM THE BECOLIiECTIONS OF A SIBEEIAN TTTflTTTVE . 1 had lived four years as exile in bibena, m the village of Balachca, when one night the opportunity came to escape with the horse and sleigh belonging to the inspector of the exiles. I flew out of the village and all night long through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn approached I saw a vil lage on ray right, but fearing recognition and capture I went on across the endless wastes of snow, after pausing down in a ravine to -feec my horse and strengthen myself with brandy. On I went, the whole day without having seen a single human being. Toward night my borse grew weary and soon could only walk. At last he stood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, Tor I feared if I remained quiet there on the plain, I might be surprised either by wolves or hy th-= «q numerable tramps of sifeciia. Unfortunately, 1 did no* know in what direction I had journeyed during the last hours, for I might have approached the place I started from. For readiness in any case, I drew out two re volvers, also stolen from out inspector, charged, each barrel with ball and laid them both before me. After my horse had stood awhile and eaten snow, he showed readiness to* proceed. But whither? I did not know, and left -it to the horse to go where he would. As soon as he felt the loose rein he turned at once to the left and went off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could scarcely see a step before me. Bat the horse seemed to trace something, for he pointed his ears continually and looked steadily before him. I also was watchful, and standing up in the sleig'a, gazed straight ahead. But I saw and heard nothing, and was about to sit down again when I suddenly perceived a point of light in the distance. My horse also saw it and trotted faster for ward. This light might come from a farm house window, but it might also came from a fixe built by wanderers in the snowy desert. «*Be it what it may,' I said tamyself, ' I mnst^feet out of tbiB uncertain situation. Soon afterward I could- discern the outline of a great structure which stood alone in the middle of the desert, and from whose one window the rays of light shown. I was especially struck with the loneliness of die building and the smoke which came from the one window. Afraid of being observed, I drove slowly and quietly up, stopped by the back wall of the strange building, fastened the horse to a post, threw a heap of hay before him, and then stole cautiously and noise lessly up to the window whence the light streamed. Accustomed to the darkness, mjr eyes could at first distinguish nothing of the interior ; it was only after some minutes that I realized the picture presented to my view. But this scene was so frightful that my blood curdled in my veins, my hair rose on end and a cold sweat broke out on my brow. The whole interior of the building was filled, with smoke which rose from a burning pile of logs in the centre. Bound this fire sat three men whose faces had a fantastic look in the red glow of the fire. Near the hearth, in the loose boards of the floor, a great opening was visible, from which six men, one after another, soon came out, and each bore a stiffened human corpse 1 The bodies were wrapped only in linen, and were chalk-white from frost. The bearers wore peasants' dress, and were robust fellows with rough, repulsive faces. ,- Two of the men sitting round the fire were dressed in city clothes, while the third ap peared like a butcher; he wore a blue apron, had his sleeves Volled up and held a great knife in his hand. When the six peasants entered with their dreadful burden, the three stepped back from the fire, and the six corpses were put in their place, erect round the pile of logs like candles ! It was a horrible sight for me ! The fire glared upon the white forms of the dead, while over their heads the black smoke gathered. I distinguished among them four men, a woman and a boy. One of the male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length. When the bodies were somewhat thawed they were taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the floor on the outspread linen. At the same moment the ' batcher' went up to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in the abdomen of the one nearest him. I could not explain to myself the mean ing of this whole scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indifference the ' but cher' ripped open the abdomen, took out the insides, carved, divided, and showed to the city dressed men, and then thrust again into the body belonging to them. I had often in my life witnessed terrible events, but what I saw here went beyond all human conception. It seemed to be that all this was more a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality. I remembered how authors of horrible tales after presenting a train of im possible, unheared of occurrences and exciting the reader's curiosity to the highest degree, suddenly broke off with the simple sentence : ' I walked up, the bright sunshine, etc.' What happened in romances might be in reality. I rubbed my eyes, looked, tried to collect ray thoughts, in vain ! I did not sleep, I saw, I heard, I breathed ! Before me the wall of the awful building, blackened by the eternal storms ; near me my tethered horse, and my sleigh; all about me a boundless waste of snow; above me the sullen, clouded Siberian heavens. What should I do? I thought to myself. Should I fly? But where ? Or should I penetrate into the house and shoot down these desecrators of the dead?. Terrified, benumbed, I stood there half dead and did not know what to decide upon. At lost I concluded to abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to steel softly to my sleigh again and run up and down, but my feet refused to serve me. I tried to scream out ; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, para lyzed my will. I already began to doubt the correctness of my judgment. I could not understand who I was, who these dreadful people were, what was the object of their terrible doings. Finally the moment came, the one moment in my life when I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. But this moment did not last long. Then, as I, so perplexed, mused and stared within , I suddenly felt someone from be hind seize me by my fur collar and roar fear fully at me. Like a broken straw I dropped without a sound and knew no more that hap pened to me. When I recovered my consciousness and opened my eyes, I lay in the snow while the two men in city clothes rubbed, my forehead with snow and tried to revive and encourage TT1P. ' louaremghtened, myinend, one of tnem said to me. 'Do not fear; we will do nothing to you. We are doctors and here only in the discharge of our duty.' 'Yes — but the corpses.' I could soarcely utter the words. 'The corpses, brother,' one of the men re plied, ' are of the peasants in this region who died of cholera, and here in the Death Station we have dissected them. By accident you witnessed the most repugnant work of our office. Such a scene is offensive to anyone, but most so to those who have never before seen it. If it is agreeable to you to travel with us to the next post-station, it will give us great pleasure,' concluded the amiable doctor. But I thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance of both doctors into my sleigh, and rode swift as an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I felt myself alone again on the plains, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, but there in such a case they may not inter the body .without its inspection by the police' and a post mortem examination by physicians ; but the number of doctors in Siberia is insuffi cient, so, between the solitary villages so called Death Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in cold cellars built for ]them, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, are they separately con veyed to their lonely burial places and in terred. Thus I was the involuntary witness of such a judicial post mortem, and I shudder even now when I recall that bight during my flight from Siberia. — From the German. 