A PRACTICAL JOKE WITH SERIOUS EPFECTS. Throe little figures groupoa round tue fire. J.nreo little heads bent close together. Throe little voices in eager excited'discussion. This is what Aunt Mary sees and hears as she cornés into the nursery aftor tea, the evening before Elsie's 11th birthday. The he ids are raised as sho enters, and the voices ory out earnestly for her to stay with them just a little whilo ; so dear_ grey-hairod auntie allows herself to bo taken possession of by loving hands, and sitting on alow oofiy chair with her pets around hor, listens to each of the excited little voices that clamour for hor atten tion. " Oh Auntie," exclaims Bertie, " we will havo fun to-morrow, and no mistake" "What aro you going to do, Bert?" " Everything, play all tho games wo can 'think of." " Auntie you will help us," asks Elsie eagorly. "Yes dear, as much as I can." "And, Auntio, don't you tell anybody." Bortio's voico is dropped, and tho two little girls open wide their oyes and look warningly around. " Not anybody, Auntio, wo aro going to have a Ghost." All tho children draw^along breath and look solemnly at Aunt Mary, as if expecting her to be awed and impressed. Impressed sho certainly- was. A groy pallor creeps over her gentle face, but she doos not speak, till tho babel of voices has coased, and Elsie, Bertie, and litt'.o May anxiously await her opinion of the fun they will havo. Then sho enid quiotly, " Shall I tell you a story, children ?" "Yes ! yes ! " they answer earnestly, the party for the moment forgotten, for I auntie's stories aro always a treat. "it is quite true," she says, quietly taking little May into her lap, and holding her close, "It happened when I was a little girl, about a year older than you are, Elsie. It was my brother Raymond's birthday, and a num ber of young folks were staying with us. In the evening we wore telling ghost stories. I don't know who began it. somo of tho elder ones, I think, but it is too long ago to remember ; ono thing, how ever, romains as fresh in my mind as though it happened yesterday, and that is the intense fascination with'which we all, especially my little sister May, three years younger than I was, listened. May was a nervous little thing, and we used sorely 4b' teat o1 -* her about it. Poor Maj I She could not bear'being called a coward. Thia night we noticed how white her face waa, and began to laugh at her. ' I. am not -. -, frightened,' she kept repeating with white lips. . trying to laugh all the time. 'Really, May?* T *? asked, and she cast such a beseeching- look at me. 'Yes, really,' she, answered, smiling, ? though her teeth were chattering, *I am cold, Mary, that is all.' We professed to believe she was getting braver, and," auntie's lip3 tiemble as she speaks, "and-wo formed a plot against her. Oh ! It was a oruel, cruel thing to do, but it was mischief on our partthat prompted it. We arranged everything between ourselves, and then I went and sat down before the fire again. * Oh ! dear,' I yawned, ' I am thirsty. May, I wish you would go to the dairy * and get me a glass of milk.' Poor child, she turned as white as a sheet. ' Mary,' she just managed to ? say, she was trembling so. ' What is the matter ?' I asked carelessly. 'You said just now you were , not afraid of ghosts or any of that nonsense.' She I stood one moment as if turned to atone,' then giving ! me suoh a wistful, earnest look, left the room. Pull f I of curiosity, I could not stay by myself, so after about five minutes softly stole to the back of the " ¡house. I saw the dim outline bf May's little form- .« ' coming from the dairy; I saw Raymond dressed as a ghost waiting behind a tree ; I saw him movo slowly in front of her, and saw her frame give ono convul- ... ?.. sive shudder, and sho fell. We both rushed, for ward. ' Mary, she has fainted,' whispered the ghost. ' I never meant to frighten her aa muoh aa that.' 'Ihn ! other children, who had all known of tho plot, now carno forward, lt waa not so dark but wo could seo how white waa the dear littlo face. ' Oura grew palo, and our hearts boat quickly as Ray and the eldest girl, Minnie Poylo, raised tho rigid form in their arms. 'We will tako her into the nur sery,' whispered Kay, under his breath, ' and then toll mamma.' ' Yo?, that will bo best,' answered Minni;-, 'your mamma would be EO frightened to s o her Uko thu.' Wo youngor ones followed, sob bing, and talking in hushed tones. As Rny and Min nie, with their precious burden, wer o going up ihe hall, tho drawing-room door oponod, and our mother came out. ' What have you got?' sho asked, quickly coming forward. She saw dear littlo May's face, and snatched tho child in her arms, with a terrible look in her eyes. Wo followed into hor bedroom, and she laid my littlo sister on tho bed. ' Go for papa,'she said, nervously, to Raymond ; then something about . tho littlo fragile fi*guro caught her attention. She leaned over tho bcd ; there was a piercing, wailing shriek, that rung through all the house, and our dar- "?? ling mother was lying in a heap upon the floor at our foot." Aunt Mary's soba are coming quickly, and Elsie asks through her tears, while Bertie and May hold thoir breath, " Wore thoy dead, auntie ?" " Our mother waa not ; sho had only fainted, as wo thought May had dono, but our Bister, our lovely little May blossom, was dead, und wo had killed her. Bertie said just now, when sj. caking of dressing up as a ghost to-morrow night, 'I'll only frighten them a _ little.' Oh ! wo only meant to highton May a little. Can you imagine, children, ' what we felt as wo stood around tho collin, and-saw » tho littlo waxon blossom that wo ourselves had orushod. Oh! tho remorse tliat burned for so long a time in my bosom ns I remembered tho wistful en- '. treating look my Bister gave mo. 1 hardoned my heart against it then. Littlo I dreamed it would bb ? tho last glance I would ever got from those dear little eyes. Aye, oven now, tho memory of that cruel trick haunts mo relentlessly. My mother neve* uttered ono word of reproach to any of us. But next day her bair was snow-white, and thcro was. an agonizing look in her eyes that never departed till the day she died. Then, for tho first timo sho montioned tho event that led to hor child's doath, and assured mo and my brothers of her full and free forgiyenef8. Bortio, boy, do you know why I have told ybu this story?' "Ido," says Elsio, raising her tearstained faoo to me. "I will never play any trick liko that Auntie." " Aunt Mary," says the boy, ' I won!t play r beni!? a ghost to morrow night. I was going to bo such a splendid one, though. I got some big horns to- day, and was going to have green oyo»," " Darling Bert," answers auntie gravely, "As long as you live ... naver play a practical joko on any ono. You have heard how one ondod. What misery that ono thought lesa deed did." "I don't think I ever will " answerer tho boy gravely. HAVILAH. The death is announced of Sir Henry Muex, head partner in ono of the chief London breweries. Ho had for some 30 years boen a lunatic, and it is pro bable that his personal ostato will prove pf enor mous value, as the business has been actively carried on. A vessel named the Fingal, which is Baid to be th© largest sailing vessel afloat, has been launched from tho iron shipbuilding works of Messrs. Harland and ' .' Wolff, Belfast. She is intended for tho Calcutta trade. Her dimensions are as f ollow :-Length, 3C0ft} breadth of beam. 42ft Gin; and registered tonnage, 2518 tons. Sho will bo capable of carrying a dead weight of 4200 tons, and is classed 100 Al at Lloyd's. She is constructed of steel. An ostrich farm near Cairo extends from the " Vir* gin's treo " to tho dosort, and comprises several acre» . of land surrounded by high mud walls. The greater pait of tho farm is desert, tho looso pebbly sand being essential to tho woll-being of the ostrich. There are at presont on the farm 120 birds of more than a year's growth, and of these 15 are female and 12 aro male adults-that is to say, they are more than three years old, the ago at which they com« menee to lay. Lieutenant Rogers, of the American navy, who was directed to mako a survey of the Panama Canal, has furnished a longreport on the subject to tho naval de partment. Ho says that tho preliminary prepara tions of clearing the route, erecting docks, machinery, and other necessities for active operations aro sö nearly completed that tho wortc of excavation will be vigorously entered upon by tho beginning of the next dry season. It ha3 already been begun at two points. Thoro can no longer bo any doubt of the in tention of tho company to make tho canal. Tho date of completion fixed by Lesseps is 1888, but Lionte« nant Rogers thinks it will not bo finished until several years later, and that the oost will largely exceed tho estimato of 600,000,000f. Already 130,000,000f have been expended, and yet the work in scarcely begun. Six Algerian engineers, who have been consulted by Lesseps on the inland sea écheme, report that the cutting oould be made within five years at a cost of 150,000,000 francs. An average width of 25 or 30 metreB would be sufficient, as the current would widen the canal ; and since it would bo nearly in a straight lino, the navigation would bo devoid of diffi culty. A vast tract of country, lacking only moisture to become very productivo, would thus be brought.'-: under cultivation, which, added to fishery and nayí-V : gation dues, would insure the provision of a liberal interest on the oapital engaged. A further advantage is that the Boheme would give a maritime frontier to '-? the south of Tunis and part of Algeria, thus chook« . . . * mating the pillagers of tho desert. 