The BuUockdriver 's Camp. ? -r Br GT». ???-.- \« j»Mat a time that for many yean after was .'mokon of as the ' vet winter,' Mia perhaps would Ibe bo designated still if it had not been followed by ?othar winters equally wet. However, tke floods iwhioh. then swept over the oountry ore yet talked of [Hiome of the most diwyitroiu to life wd property ??ver seen or beard of in New South 'Wales, even 'by ! that apocryphal personar*— the ' oldest inhabitant.' ' In many parts of the country travelling was ,an impossibility, and in others Attended with great difficulty and danger. Bridges were ?wept fway, coaches spset, mailmen drowned or kfflea, and mailbaga lost. Onoe ihe main roads booonu* inxpaasable, traY«Jlinp was praotiqally out of ;ihe quastien, for it were madness to attempt to urge hone, with or without vehicle, over the sodden bosh ; soil, arm as the surface might look to the eye. ? Many a luckless wigbt hod come to grief by at tempting a detour to escape a treacherous-looking bog, from which erstwhile a -Jray or waggon had :Sri£h difficulty been extricated. The traveller's ex jperianoo on regaining the despised tragic would be i«uoh as to effectually deter hiia from another at ! tempt, even though the ugly bog still yawned in i front. : For weeks- past ihe rain had been falling-, some times heavily, sometimes lightly, but with little in '? termiBBion. But now it had settled to the work with ' a dreary penristenoy as to manner and monotony as : to sound, from which no augury with regard to the . probabilities of clearing 'up could be drawn. The sky, like a pall, canopied the limited horizon, , Been from a bullock-driver's camp near Deep Creek. ?The regular bed of the creek, though not wide, was, ! as its name betokened, deep. The current in times ; of flood was swift, and the water once over the banks j spread in many 'places to a considerable distance. Within the line of visiqn from the camp were various : tracks, with surfaces' scored and torn, stretching i their sinuous lengths In different directions, not un , like large ugly reptiles, till lost in the mist where : earth and aky seemed to meet. At the oamp two waggons were drawn up on the : driest spot available ; and at a short distanoe two or ; three forlorn-looking posts marked the plaoe from ?which a wooden bridge had been swept. One of the i waggons was covered with a tarpaulin in the form of '- ft tilt, under which aaleeping appartmentof compaxa ' tive warmth and comfort could be mado. Inside the angle formed by the waggons was erected a rude hut ' of bark supported by rudfl saplings, and with a giant , euoalyptns at the rear. Between one sheet' of bark and the tree was an aperture through whiah. a lazy column of smoke escaped, though the only use it made of its freedom ? was to curve downwards with the apparent intention . of re-entering the hut. Bat being inert in. the ; absence of motive power in the form of wind, it hung1 : lazily round, enveloping everything in a haze and rendering the figures of two mon seated on a log before the fire somewhat indistinct. Though each possessed diversities of frame and figure, they retained » certain similarity which . stamped them as belonging to the regular bulljck . driver. This eimilarity— more of expression than ? feature— -which Btamps the bullock-driver, might be : aooounted for psychologically as being the result of ? daily ooataot with the bovine nature, in an abnormal ; state, a contact which the psychologist would hardly : be disposed to regard as beneficial to the higher order ' of intelligence, whatever might be said about the ,' lower. Whatever loss the latter may sustain, liow ; ever, it certainly develops a capacity for the dis ? crimination of certain articulate sounds, .generally i expressed' (when quoted) by the generis term ''blank.' And, perhaps, if power of speech were added it ' might give a better definition of such sounds than the : prof oundest lexicographer that ever compiled a dic tionary. One of the ' types' with whioh we are at present more immediately concerned, after a pause more : lengthy than usual, spent by 'him in a listening and his companion in a reflective attitude, started up, Baying — I'm d 'd if that ole yallerman ain't rmM'' for the swamp agin ! ' ' ' How d' yon know that t' asked his companion. ' I can' tell his bell enywheres — it's nSm sure : enough. So come along Jim, an' stop his gallop,' : eaid the first speaker, as he picked up a piece of rope ? and left the hut. ' Devil take him ! I'd let him stick there all sight; it 'ud learn him not to try it on agin,' said Jim, as he rose reluctantly and followed I-uke, taking1 up his insignia of authority from the shaft of the waggon as he passed, and commencing to Bmaok it in a suggestive TnMin+r as he went alone. In a short time they sighted the bnJlook (an ugly, yellow- coloured, vicious-looking animal) making direct for the ewamp, apparently attracted by some tufts of rushes growing therein. The 'whoa! ?whapa,' supplemented by a variety of exple tives having reference to his hide and eyes, . -which reached his consciousness, only served to accelerate his speed in the direction of tke forbidden ground, and with bovine determination lie contrived to hold on the even tenor of his way, undeterred by sounds, for whioh, lacking the proper accompaniment offlaah, he had a most sublime and . lofty contempt. ' But alas for the vanity of bovine hopes ! A quagr mire lay between, him and the goal of his desires, into which he plunged, sinking in the sticky, treacherous mud up to his flank* ; and once in he could only flounder helplessly about, giving vent to bis disappointment in bovine oaths,' both loud and deep, to whioh the bell fastened to his neck played an accompaniment. ' Bust his greedy carles!' said Jim, giving force to ihe sangmnaiy sentiment by repeated smacks of Mlg whip in his hand. ' I 'epose we'll hev ter go inter thai muck a' ter him,' he added with a look of ?disgust.' *r Oh well, Wn got to be done,' said Luke, *lso 'its no nee graablin' ?* This pfaQoaopHcal state of mind on Luke's part, howeynr, -was not in him the result of any great \- «xercise of. reason, but to phlegm. 'Hare Jim.' he added, seeing what might mayhap Jutve ewapea ihe observation of the profoundest ?pbSoeofbec, ' take hold ere this rope an' I'll go oat on that kg an' fig the e4d of li round his horns.' Xaltowmaa w»» ejill *r?iHwc strenuous efforts to free jriiaaa&i; a« if lAuud to Jnd hia attempt t» act on bis own judgment eaasoduacizoiialy. But«ft^c many a *w»oa ipl wboa, Yall«irman-' the rope wai at last adjusted, ana thsbnlloqkasrigteaqnto ?oil tarn* legrewe firjag, though not before tie two .mm toi plsattfttily Wpattired with mnd, and XnTli i ? mmu'm waam hadbeebtnefor the time being a r-*nt-iBaT. f frt^rtr frr tHtri*rt\nif unTTWtint _ Wilfc immlforM* law -rf rrraaifcy T«llowintm wended UewaybMdctpJxb f ?flows,* sadder, if not ftviawfodtaok.folkwsdbys^iaiSB&crngof; 4emomt proaovseed oharaoter boa, Jim not to attempt anotosr sgiaa. neoapade. Giving ths rope ? shake to xi& tt of »lftj3a sspefer fluons ind, haim tinvv It ©r*r his Arnjfy** aag followed by Jim, strode off in the direction of fjte TbcHuhstiB eeaiy in ihe everiaj the shadows were deepening mm ttue two men walked aajapwards tfaroogh tins tSnek, wtor rain. And thicker still were **?? shadows ''«i^« fijo hut, so t-h'ifr *Vst they jM-gTdfiaA Tiiifc^ £rom cueing 4 prosfcmte xonn -£fe ins feet UU be sbnoft stemHeapver i». * Wttb sBoath deeper waw«*nTi»»«i on TellowmaB'e tehoof he atsrtod backwfcitlE, aeariy kaoolduff Jim .down, Tto* wottin^JiAowVw that soinetbing nn umiaihtioeentzvi to mi 8mmb Him eqoanlmrfyof Ws phlegmstio mate, taggot to resort to Us wnal -jwefbcid «C nyiawJJW. vqcpriyt, sbarfy vOuA io sa ?jreawMsMrT^^rfiOStoP^ ? Bat Lnk« wa» down on his kaeeu, mad Us «oly sespoowe was to ttll Jjm to Hrht tiw slaah laaq^ «ad 'BrJhtgol lit* *jmmag/fat ««aw -70 la one of ftm takt&mC; said Jim, i*mnmt«&*iifp9t(»*b» leeaeJ, wi*h tt. r*A» imup fa. H« h*3?mmt-3» ?mot by whtoh hjs mU» »?# kneonag, ' Fff«T ' ««» iWV^ JwWT^i 'Cold that V— Jamyal^n^w.wWSll^biigiziflriT Xli* sbwet Iff.iitw jeAinf torn oyog wbie$i «u- fkeeeoftlMinenwexelMBilwMtfaator *T4pa?mm, msMtoAr togr* ttuw ? lad to *m^m»w, wtSkmnn. H&k; lutt, sod Hwotii ijikKm, Vhi^hid »laA-3 instamr w»e »mrtewH» V J«x*»I»rftiaa »*tg*ii ynsv»4f**«s*feor«, utte eeeste W3B0s4ssfltf|flO0'inKuUllkey ^ss wffbeni A um wrfMrtJ. XHilair 51Sm wlikfc Hm 1m& When somewhat zeoovered, the stranger aooounted lor bis appearance toy saying that lie had come from the Lambing Flat, and .was on bis way to the Laotian to join a mate who had jfone there some time before. He had walked «U the way iwmetimea getfinga bed at a wayside publio-hoOBe, but more often having to sleep oat. On tiat day lie had walked through the mud and rain without anything to eat, having spent tho night beforo in a deserted shepherd s hut. Seeing the damp he had ioome up to it. though so exhausted that he could soaroely walk. On entering the hut he muBt hare lost all consciousness, a* .he remembered no more till he saw Luke's face bending over h-m. 'While the fitranger was giving this account, Jim was engaged ia the task of resuscitating the fire under a '* billy' of water, using his ~mottta as a bel lows; but, oa he attempted the difficult feat of keeping one eye on-~th« speaker and ths; other on hia work, the result was his occasionally blowing very wide of the mark. Only once during the recital did he give utterance to an oiaculation or expletive, and even that seemed altog eJS»r lacking in relevancy, inasmuch as it ex pressed a most sanguinary desire with respect to Yel towman's visual organs end epidermis. But no sooner were the preparations in which he 'had been engaged completed than he placed a pannikin of tea and a plato, of damper and ealt beef before the stranger, saying gruffly — ' Here, stop yer yarn till yer stow away this 'ere tucker.' The flush that had been coming and going in the stranger's face deepened, and two drops, which glit tered tod scintillated in the light from the fire, gathered in his eyes, as he murmured a faint ' Thank you,' and oommonoed to eat. Jim turned abruptly to the fire, and pouring out another pannikin of tea, handed it to Luke, and then plaoing the billy by his side, he sat down and com menced an attack on a hunch of damper and beef, with the remark that he felt blanked hungry. Silenoo — or rather tue aDsence of &U; articulated sounds — prevailed while ihe task of recuperation was performed. Outside, in the darkneBS and gloom, tho voices of the night were many and varied. Scarcely a breath of wind was stirring, and the rain fell only ia misty particles. Above the heavier drip, drip, made by the globules &a; they fell from the tree over head,, might be, heard the sudden ' fequir' of the opossum, and the dismal cry of the curlew as it winged its lonely flight high in air. From the swamp Oamo the sharp 'screak' (never deepening into a good genuine croak) of innumerable frogs. Tiurough the dietanoe could be heard the tinkle of bullock bells, mingled with the deep low of disoontent from the wearers, while the hurrying waters in the creek earns a mournful repair that seemed to tell of coming flood and disaster. In answer- to further inquiries, the Btranger grave the name of Charlie Bosg, and stated that he wae friendless, except for the mate, to whom lie was try ing to find his way. Tired of waiting for a letter, he had determined to seek him without. . ' An' did you write to him?' asked Jim. ' Yes, I wrote twioe.' 'An' never got no answer?' 'No; but thai I feel sure was not my mate's fault.' ' Shouldn't wonder but yer letters got lost, an' yer mate's too,' eaid_ Jim reflectively. ' There's not a blanked bridge 'twixt this an' them diggin's, an' the mailbags gits lost oftoner 'n not.' 'Do you think that is why I got no answer?' asked the strange hid, sargerly. 'Don't think nothin' about rb — its sure as eggs is eggs.' Jim answered after a glance at the ques tioner's face on which the firelight gleamed fitfully. ' Its days an' days afore them mail ohaps kin git acrost at times,' continued Jim, 'and like as not they gits drounded whan they does chance it, an' the mail oafj-stoo — or leastways «weep away. There was Joe Christie, as used to be a jock — him as rode Thun derer, Luke, an' got broke 'cause he sold the race — well he got done for, tryin' to take the BiHybong Crick when it waB a banker.' 'Was that lately P' ' Not jist lately, it's nigh upon two year ago.' ' But that's jist the way with most on thorn mail chaps. Now, I don't eujppose,' added Jim, with the air of one engaged in a profound calculation., ' 'a more 'n one in twenty on 'em dies in their beds ; an' fcr&Tollin;'s a deal worse cow than it was when Joe went ter kingdom come. An' for the matter o' that all the blanked mailmen 'twixt here and Jericho might ha' paid Joe a visit for all we know about it. Me and Luke's bin stuck 'twixt this an* Bollock Crick for three weeks — an' more 'n that, ain't it Luke?' ' I b'live it is Jimj' answered Luke, ejecting a quantity of tobacco juice as lie spoke. ' ? ' An' how much longer we got to stick here, the Lord above o*ny knows,' continued Jiin, nnrsin? his knee reflectively, ' we ain't likely ter run short of flour, but that's all we'll soon have left in the way of tucker — without we take ter 'possums or bandicoots. Howsomover yer welkin to take pot-lack as long as it holds out. 1 speaks for myself and I speaks also for my mate, bein' as Luke hasn't muoh in the way o' gab — ain't that the ticket, Luko P' ' Yea, Jim ; them's jist my feelin's,' answered Luke, punctuating his words, as before, with to bacco juice. The Btranger expressed his thanks, but stated his intention of resuming his journey in the morning. Something in the quality or tone of his voice, as he spoke, seemed to awaken old, long-forgotten memories ia the two mon, and for a time the voices of tho night- were the only sounds audible, while the long past years, with their toil and pain and hardships were bridged over, and the rough world-hardened men were children oace more. Luke at last rose, and giving himself a shake, said he thought it time to ' torn in,' addingas he glineed at tho stranger — ' We kin spare yer a comer of the blankets, my lad.' ' Thank you all the same, but I couldn't think of imposing on yon like that ; but if you'll allow me, I'll sleep by the firej' he answered. ' Jist as you like, aiy lad ; bat you'll be prechus cold, I reckon.' 'i Thank yon, I'D. manage very well by keeping up a good fire.' Jim, who had disappeared a fewminates previously, now came in with an armful of wood, some of which he placed on the firo and the rest down by it, saying, ''That'll keep up a rafctlin' fire with a little teudin*,' and titan, with a ' Hope you'll sleep well,' by way of good night, he followed Lake to the waggaa. ''A curious sort o' chap that, Luke,' he said to his companion. *' Seems to me he's not bin nsed to roughin it muoh ; an' yet he doesn't look like ft noo rttitiny neither. Can't make hirr\ out, nohow.' 'Theeama here, Jim; but did his roLae pniyerin mis* of ennythink as yer heard afore?' 'Bloat if it didn't make me think of whan I was* Hfcfle chap at home with the ole people, and of ml sister Msx7j-9oor gal, she's, dead thia miay s- year/' answered flm. Starting up from Us Koamben* position, soon after, Jim exclaimed: 'Whatinthuiui«Er'sthat?ByJfajgo,''bea4ded,'it« the rain oomin' down oats, dogs, an' pitchforks, as the e»yin' is. If it keeps on this way we'll her to slops an' lea-re the teams to take car© of theirselves.' But notwithstanding the noise made by the rain oa the tarpaulin overhead, the two men coon fell into a sound sleep, which lasted till the tardy daylight was more than perceptible. ' Bain's stopped at any rate,' eaid Jim, stretching himself preparatory to risixig. ' But by the hoaknm ?nivey tbe crick's comin' down a perisher,' On leaving tho waggon the tvro men found the vtra&ger; onfc- before them gasing on a quantity of d»?ri4 Hosting dowo the creek. . To » remark from Juahe replied, abstractedly, and ^3M§3nk mm» jkxw «reatare'» Jwuee lute been wajrinedj awsj. J saw some^ broken furniture go past— and look! by that Jog ia Hie middh- of the *^ tbeJom^arMoie*,* it's more'n a bundle «f clcti^'*Wi4jrb«. ;'-:QM&r;«At 'a* * kidi I seen iff* keftttaobWn'lin Jist now,' be added, as Tb» Bsjp*, who tm» in advance, stofped on *£&&. -3od 1 what'* awtf^broke In Imk», ex rfgrito bat , nmsg, tOmpt* fa the wn* i?T»ti, -'WWW iftts&'t^Si — .fool of » rogfvjw* pAjfjjmVt. -ton« back 79m Itto do no g-MV b»«sSe3«mt, »e tfa* «trnger, after a daab iktovgh thff^tfttfffyiywtufjiftnuf^ ffinpfo^lig steam, Bat he finw«* wSbvwt^inf Us hend. himmwm. »wsp* «flross Lake's 4«islcy face, as ?tpratof fr]m 1» poOed off his boots, and then tygH»jr-*p m who «*? {oBowuig his example, ha ^^J^* rtW*5we^£WJB^^iplajB||«, W«i^ie ' Wvt' ff*tW ^yfffni ^tT V' iwTnitr of t**'t 1 fot on S^bk ^Lssbs-m -?? s-^u9ssnsBkas nsw didoonaRn IMIfffflSfifm0^f- I ?:,'*iKi. '.-/?'-? ''.'.'.' ?- '.:??? -,-??. of the child in an old ooat, and then turning to the stranger, who had eat down on. the log, whioh served for a seat, he said— 'Her yon eny dry togH in yet swagf Ter oughter ?? ?' . ? He stopped ftbruptly on Beeing Mm sway giddily on bis seat, and then fall b»okward. in a swoon. Bending down by his side ho called to Jim, who had just oome to the door, to bring the brandy bottle ?which had proved bo serviceable the night before. As he spoke he noticed the_breast of the stranger's «hirt torn and slightly stained with blood. '8' pose he's gone an' Btabbed himself,' he muttered, open ing Che ehirfc breast. He closed it again shortly after, with something almost of reverence in look and tonoh ; but, I must confess, with an oath on his lips. ' God's truth! Luke, what's the matter P' Jim exclaimed in a hoarse whisper as he came with the brandy. But Luke's only response was to snatch the bottle from his hand and administer some of itB con tentsHo the unconscious stranger. Some little time after signs of returning conEcions ness Were perceptible, and then opening his eyes the stranger essayed to sit up. Luke placed his arm round his shoulders to support him, telling Jim to bring a blanket from the waggon. With this, when brought, he wrapped the Btrang-or.and, placing him in a leaning position against the wall, he said sooth ingly : ' Keep still a ' bit, and you'll soon be better.' Then seeing Jim coming forward to speak he pushed him before him outside, saying : 'Let him be a bit, an' come out here till we see what's to be done about this here dead kid. Look here, Jim,' he added, after they tfent a short dis tanoe away, ' we've got a tidy day's work afore as. That chap in there's got to be tool? where there's a doctor, by hook or by croofc ; an* the nearest place as I knows on for that is Bullocktown, and that's a good fifteen mile — over a hell of a, road, too.' ' There's Brock's station ; it's nearer'n that,' eaid Jim. ' Wouldn't do ; if s all out eight mile, an' then not nearer a doctor 'n here. We must jiet plant that ; poor little kid as caused all this, an* then carry that chap to town. We'll do it' afore dark if we hit out.' After a short consultation as to a suitable spot, Jim took the epado (without which a bullock-driver dares not travel) and went to dig a little grave. Luke went into the hut, and mixing a little brandy and water in a pannikin, he held it to the stranger's lips, saying — ' Take this, my lad, to keep the cold out, an* as soon as me an* Jim can manage it We'll take yer to Bullocktown to a doctor.' A deep flush came and went in the stranger's face as lie gasped — '' I'm. -sorry — this has happened — to give you so much trouble — but I — couldn't help it— tI scarcely know what I was doing.' ' Did you strike the log ?' asked Luke. ' I think so — it was a limb sticking out under the water — t didn't feel it much at the time — and I wouldn't mind it now if — I could get my breath.' This was said with much painful effort, and then he lay back exhausted. ' If I'd only knowed you was goin' in,' said Luke looking down &.t V'Tn through a camera obscura of brine. ' But there, it's no use me talkin' I' he added abruptly, aa he turned and left the hut. _ ' The dead babe, whioh had nothing on but a little nightdress, was wrapped in a olean shirt and placed in the gin case which had served for a ration-box, and then lowered into a tiny grave in the highest part of tha rise on which the camp stood. 'No need to say enythink over it,' said Luke, ' it'll hev to be dug up agin to hold a hinquest, you know, Jim.' 'Don't know so much about that,' Eaid Jim, ' Crownera isn't so ready going out into the bush these times. There was 'Possum Jack as drank him self to death at Brown's shanty; they kep' him nigh a week, and then had to plant him without a hin quest.' And then after a pause, he added, ' S'pose we say a vorse outer the Bible.' ' Well, you say one, Jim !' ' Blest if I kin think o' one just now. kin yon, Luke?' 3ut Luke was fain to confess his inability in that rospsot also, for after a strenuous effdrt to draw on the storehouse of memory the only result was snatches of 'How doth the little busy bee'1 and ' The poor little sailor boy.' 'Lemme sea,' said Jim, reflectively, after a lengthened pauee, ' there's a verse as says — yes, it '11 do ; but I'm not certain it's outer the Bible,' and, taking off his hat, which action was imitated by Lilko, he repeated solemnly, ** Ashes ter ashes, dust ter dust, if God don't- hev yer then he oughter. That's alL Amen.' The latter part of this formula was & substitution of Jim's for the original, -which, as the reader knows, is ' the devil must.' If this indication of heterodoxy on Jim's port should tend to place him on a lower plane in the estimation of the reader, I can only re gret that such should be ths case, bnt, this being an impartial record, I caanot omit the relation of the fact. The preparations for leaving the camp were com pleted — the tarpaulin tied securely^over the waggon, into whioh all the loose paraphernalia were thrown, and a ruda stretcher made of a sheet of bark taken from lie hat — before the men attempted to satisfy the claims of hunger ; and then in haste they partook of some cold beef and damper, washing it down with brandy and water. Though dull and cloudy, no rain had fallen since daylight, and there seemed a probability of a ces sation for some hours at least. ' Wait a minit, Luke,' said Jim, taking up the stranger's swag, as the preparations were nearly completed, ' we'd better open this, an' if there's eny dry togs ? ' But, with a look on his face Jim had never seen before, Luke snatched the swag out of hiB hand be fore he could finish speaking, saying, ' Don't be a blanked donkey, Jim ! We [ain't got no time to be loafin' here all day,' and then placing the bundle under the head of the stranger, he added, ' Here, take holder this, an' lots' git away, for God's sake.' Jim took up his end of the burden in silence, tho result of a wonder, which had once or twice crossed his mind that morning, as to ' what the devil had oome over Luke.' They did not take auy rogular track, but soaped their course through tho bush, leaving Deep Creek in their rear.. Tho weight, which did not seem great at starting, began to tell before many miles of the toilsome journey were passed. The bottle with the rest of the brandy mixed with water, and some damper and beef, had been, placed in one end of the stretcher, and the bearers stopped occasionally to administer a little of the former to the object of their 1 journey, who remained throughout the day in a state of semi-unconsciousness. Mile after mild they tramped throagh tha dim vista of trees, that seemed to recede as they toiled painfully towards them. Many a detour had to be made to avoid a Bharp pinoh or an overflowing water oonrse; but, as if by instinct, they held on their, weary way with scarce a, word spoken between them. The sky was leaden-oolottred and heavy with clouds, the bills mist-crowned and dreary, and a ddl, dread heaviness hung over a soemingly lifeless world. Vibrations of the atmosphere came to their ears lacking resonance, and fell flat and dead, or faded away into nothingness. The streams fan with a tnnffled dreariness that couldn't be called sound; the tramp of their feet beat the soddon turf with dull thucu? the chance breaking of a stick had nothing of eharpneas in it; and ihe efforts of a eolitery magpie to teu of coming sunshine, sounded so hoarse ana dismal even to him* self that he gave up the attempt in despair. ' ' Blobs of cattle, feeding on the scanty, .tufts of coarse grass on the hill sides, would pause In startled wonderment &t; the stxange pro cession PMsmg in the valley below. Ana now said again en inquisitive yoong steer or heiier would start off in the pnnrailjof knowledge, with elevated bead and toll to obtain » nearer view. But tbe jreoklessneM of each pursuit would ba rendered manifest feytiie adventurous one turning & somersanlt orstJolriflg knee-deep to the ireaohMoufl »oiL Tha shades of night wm fast setting down on jJnllooktpwB* Ifa pne vxniojf jitnggSuig itroot, ingot some little dSWmoa with tnsir oosos in closo iiw %fti mi ii w vO uUp siQufly fiOfOis 0* .s&otiiev; saftn in hopeltfss seavQnJfo^ soipstfrfBg to oftt* ffofelse Iron tb* tajdpojc dray stood ihe trott known public, Tcwpt tbo QotIJam Anni, wlni Its iflTKft in itont j}|fMij& ont is. 4fns nooni like ft beaoon light, Thebardoor stood lBviw-l[ljr0p9li# ?bowing signs xjt wsnqljh and ooptfon within. Sefet? tbe bap stood « erqnpol tan, ui.tho oontr« of whioh m tha driror « nu» tetuq aUuded to. And behind ,Uw bar wai %hc btOom Mt». (ot Hothw) Joojuwj, »dSofc o! the late ' Wpesy Johnson,' so called In oonsegpenoo of baviBff ww OBjprf.T*d Jol aportton ot Ms nasal organinapiurtlU^oiioo^twvwithaoelobriQ'knotni to fft-T'* as ' SolloQcf Jaoic*' * Tbf bnlbokJdrirVr, wIkwb same and antecedent* are of no opbeegaeaoe lotus cotrnpcUoHi w*f in the AotofnMuff lorn* of Ws travoUing «porleuoei| and as tmvtept9&oi; tha wonder vu (on, grew, «nd ton^Sra, wfaUe m»^mt 6t thebntaoders oM3«S Hisw (iWlwiloB #98*11/ betwoes wu door and ths was oonoernecL vanished opmpletely, as ihe forms of two men, with wild eyes ' and haggard ghost-like , faces appeared in the doorway, oaxryins; a strange burden between tiiem 1 and the listener who had gone forward staggered back, with an oath on bis lips to let them pass. The orator's' mouth dosed with a snap, as if conscious that its duties as the gateway of oratory were over for that night. Placing their burden gently on the floor, the in truders staggered towards the. bar, the foremost Baying thickly, Git a bed ready at -wanst an* send for the doctor. D— the expense ; me an' Jim'Haee as it's straight.' The speaker swayed giddily as h8finlat-d, and with a wild olutoh at the bar fell heavily to tbe floor,, and then with a feebly muttered—' Oome now, Luke', ole' man, don't you give way like that 1' Mb oompanion lay stretched by his side. For the next half-hour a eoene of the wildest oon- fusion reigned, bat Mrs. Johnson showed herself equal to the occasion; bo that by the tame the two men were recovered sufficiently to answer questions the uncon scious burden they had broucht wag laid on a bed in an adjoining room, awaiting the coming of the doctor, who had been sent for. Leaving Jim to satisfy the questioners as bent he might, Luke fol lowed Mra. Johnson as she passed through into the taproom. ' Come this way,' she eaSd on seeing him, ' we've put the poor young man in here just as he was blithe doctor comeB.' ' Have yon sent for him f ' asked Luke. 'Tea, Bill Green had his horse tied np at the door,-: and he went off at onst. It aint far to the doctor's, bo he can't be long now. * Poor fellow, he does Ioob: terribly bad to be sure!' ahe added, glancing at the almost lifeless-looking form on the bed, and then her. curiosity in the ascendant ehe said, .turning to Luke, 'Who is ho? an' what's happened to him?' Turning as red as his dusky skin would permit Luke blurted out, 'It ain't an him at all! — its a woman!' And then turning round he made his escape from the room just as the doctor entered it. And taking a seat. in the corner of the room he eat there without speaking to or noticing anyone. Fresh fuel was added to feedthe general excitement' by the news that the sick man had turned out to be a woman, and the effect on Jim was such that it was. feared he would have a fit. But, looking like a ' grim image carved in stone, Luke sat through it all. To prevent Jim's threatened fit, he was plied with spirits till the excitement ended in a stupor, -which he slept off under the table. An hour or two after, as the doctor emerged from the room on his way out, he was startled by a man with hollow eyes, and fierce white faoe, stopping bis path, while in a hoarse whisper he asked— ' Will ehe die F' ' She ia dead now,' said the doctor, gravely, after a pause. Without another word Luke turned and staggered back to his seat, and spoke no more that night. The doctor looked at him for a moment with an air of uncertainty, and then turned away, saving to himself ' It'll all come out at the inquest, I suppose.' Bat the all that came ont did not throw muoh light on the mystery which surrounded the. dead -woman, or rather girl, for the doctor said she must be under 20 years ot age. Nothing was found in the bundle to prove the identity of the deceased, or to indicate the sex of the owner, except a piece of paper found in a purse (containing also a few shilliiige), on which was written 'from Charlie,' wrapped round a.«mall j gold ring. Luke was more than Usually taciturn at the inquest, and Jim had not sufficiently recovered hisequilibnun to answer coherently. After a considerable amount of questioning and oross-queftioning, tha bare facts o£ the case were elicited. Luke bein? recalled, was asked what led him to suppose that deceased was a woman ; and as he narrated the f &ot; of his attention being draws to the torn shirt-breast and the revelation whioh followed, a look of intelligence came into Jim's eyes, and the mystery 'as to what had 'come over Luke' was satisfactorily cleared up. Death was caused, accord ing to the evidence of the duly qualified medical practitioner, by a broken rib having pene trated the left long, the result of coming in violent oontacfc with Eome hard substance — and mignt in his opinion have occurred through striking against a log, while swimming. Ani go the mystery remained impenetrable, adding another to the long list of strange and mys terious occurrences connected with the early history of the gold digging era in New South Wales. A sub scription to bury deceased was set on foot, and met -with a liberal response from the townspeople, who, cat off as they were from regular communication with the world outsiue of Bullocktown, were thus furnished for weeks to come with an exciting topio of conversation, which ceased not ,to hold its interest till the spring grass was growing thick on the grave of the unknown girl. The report that a shepherd and his wife and three children were washed out of their house and drowned in the night, by the sudden overflowing of Deep Creek, reached Bullooktown some days after Luke and Jim had returned to their camp, bnt whether all -the bodies had -been recovered was not certainly known. The little waif, buried by the bullock drivers, was destined to remain, undisturbed in its lonely grave ; for, by the time the road to Deep Creek was considered safe for a coroner to travel, no trace of the grave could be seen. And so the wheels of time turned on — slowly and painfully for some, swiftly and merrily for others, but surely and certainly for all the occupants of this mundane sphero — until the memory of tha dead girl was forgotten in Bullocktown. Some years had gone to swell the talo of those before the flood, when on evening party of diggers were seated round dTfire on the G-ulgong diggings, engaged in the usual occupation of the genus digger — telling ** yarns.' A very exciting one had just been told by* man called ' Bendigo Sam,' and then the call went round. ' Now, Jim, it's your turn.' 0 The man addressed looked up, saying, ' Well, I does know a carious yarn — but I wish you'd tell it, Luke, ole man. It's about the camp at Deep Crick, yer know.' Bat on receiving an unmistakable refusal from Lake, ho proceeded to tell it himself. He had not said much, however, before ona of his mates, known to the rest as ' Gontiamsn Charlio,' fixed his eyes on him with a look of startled interest, and never re moved them till tho Btory was finishod. ' Yes, lads, that were the queerest go I ever seen ; an' me an' Luke there was jist baked when we got to Mother Johnson's' Jim was adding, when the man got up without a word and walked away into the darkness. For some time he -walked on in a purposeless kind of way, but on reaching the head of Duffer Gully he halted in a listening attitude, and then with an oath on his lips strode on at a rapid pace down the gully. Bnt as he walked tha sound of other footsteps walk ing rapidly also oame to his ears, and at jist as if unable to bear it longer, he stopped abruptly. ' What the devil's oome to you, Luke, to make you follow me like this?' ha angrily exclaimed, as the approaching figure loomed against the clear etarlit sky within a few feet of where he stood. ' Why didn't yer stop afore, when ysr, seen me oomin' after you?' asked Luke in his torn. ? ' Well, what do you want, now I have stopped t' ' I jist want to know what mado yer leave the camp bo suddint like.' ' And what the devil's business is It of your's, I'd like to know. Can't & man please himeelfas to WUsre he goes without being brought to book by you?' ' Will yon answer me true what Vm. goin to ask? ' said Lake, without appearing to notice this out burst. ; '?? . ? - -'; '-\' ?-'?' .-'-.- 'I'll near what ifeto first,' was the answer. ' What's yer name beside Charlie?'! V©o to the devil, sad find out I' ' .?; / ? ..c ..'.-. 'I kin tell yer thin; it's Boss. Y«r name's Otas-. lie Bobb.' . '.*??'? 'The devil t How did yon find that but?'* ' Soft by him, at any rate.' ' WelL and what thenP— bnt Won't Bay it Is.' 'On'ythisi What was that girl as Jim toldabOT* toyonf' ? ' As you have found oat so nraoh you can find that ont, toot fox I'U be hanged if I teu you!' ssidthe^ man f ttridusly, as he turned on fait heel. . ;? Sub the next minute he vm awnnff^souad l& Luke's firm grip, who, holding aim ,-witti hl$ y^ti^iaf' in close proximity to nis throat, said fiercely, . 'If yer don't cell me. Til shake the wind ©u»-of yor b — ? — - carldsi * The man fcesttatri, whtts taagtaej) tiffefeBsofc btrfn atlart.lnavoicealmortohokiag betwew to? awf Usedf obom of passion aad preeraia. s«la-* ' Let p my throat and FU taliyoo— and bs 4— d OnfraUghtij did the grasp relax a* Ioto f »4d,-~ 11 There.^iow, yer kin speak j but tt jot oouq any* of yer lies— ' . pip hiatus -was sufflolentlr rogffintin, «p* *»/^ sulky tone, but with nothing o« inan&oUgr; *bon-lt,- tiiemanssM, ' ' '8h»was»fWIwm»way with from » boatdiaf* ?etooliwufBynnfty. Nowwhatiawedoyotiwantf' ' Did yon marry hor f . 'No 1 oatdk »e at that. My psopb la «^gl'-^ maUkar* disowned ou it Xzha&r; TBHftflf ^|fcft i&W; t*bovo JcwwX'to twf fltffi1 ^fift fpwf ^ laitTisitf OTftni 'ff jiit#mpl)i m nfl ftlciiiMd htm, ?? iwtili van itiaHraTvii Aonh\9MMimh wumui, mm iSi jStfeMy^nVMsb^olowA to a IUm* Stnftto iSS i*WlSMMjmI«iiUiitnB obIv *mmAi Outbroke % sWlbeati oTtii* Bight air In Duttw Qslly *m atad* by their boots oa the hard scaveL thrown xm from the open shaft by which tiiey xoughs, and their wild* izcegclarbrsathmgB. Then a wild cry of hnman airony snarply cleft the air, and .was followed by astulness and silenoe as deep as the grave. Early next morning a search partar— foremost in whioh was Jim — was organised, but not' tQl the' shades of nuht w#re onoe more falling waathe search ended, by tiie^nJUng of two deodTiodies in one of the deepest shafts in Duffer Gullr. 