THE LAST OF THE MONTE- ZUMA^ A TALE OF LIFE'S SUNSHINE AND DEATH'S SHADOWS. CHAPTER IIL KITAB-OOL-KISMUT. [BY BEST. FEANEXIN LANGFOKD.] That evening, to my delight, the interesting young widow appeared at dinner, radiant in smiles and beauty. Her conversation was brilliant, and she was animated without being demonstrative. She maintained an air of dignity even in the midst of her brilliant sallies, which gave her, in my eyes, an additional charm. There was none of that abandon which but too often characterizes women of culture, taste, and refinement. I took the opportunity of remarking, after dinner, when we had all adjourned to the parlour or library, to remark, in the presence of my landlady, that now, as she, Mra. B., was going to remain for some time, perhaps my occupation of the bedroom might be inconvenient. Should I change, I asked. " No, most decidedly not,'' she said. " I have heard the saying about sonve man who was so great that it took two ships to carry him, but I do not possibly see how I can sleep in two bedrooms, except I run backwards and forwards during the night. But," she added, " may it not be possible that the proximity of the drawing-room, and my rather late occupation of it at night, should be detrimental to your rest?" It was detrimental, indeed, but I was not going to own it. I always liked to retire early, at 10 if possible; and so long as I could see the streak of light under the door, and knew that she was there, there could be no possibility of my sleeping, for very obvious reasons. However, that question was settled to our mutual satisfaction. I had to attend a meeting that night which would keep me till 11 o'clock. The servants went to -bed early, not very long after tea, in fact. My landlady herself invariably went to bed at 11, whether I were in or not; for I had a latchkey, and it was my wont, should I be after that hour, to lock the hall-door and put up the chain, as is the custom in many London houses. So I wished them good night, without waiting for tea, which used to be on the table at 9 o'clock, and proceeded to the city. I should add that suppers I never indulged in, however late the hour might be. 1 was considerably after my time that night. The house was all silent, and taking off my boots as noiselessly as possible, I crept up as silently as a cat in my slippers, shading the candle as I passed the drawing-room door, but no streak of light was there. I \fas very sleepy, and lost no time after I entered my bedroom in preparations for retiring. I put out the light, and looked to see whether there was any light in the drawing-room, but there was not the faintest gleam. Ah ! how I missed that thin, golden thread, which seemed destined to lead me to a labyrinth of love. A second Fair Rosamoad's bower! " Ah!" muttered I to myself, " she has retired early to-night," and was "about to court slumber, when, like the student in Edgar A. Poe's "Raven," I was suddenly startled, for " I heard a rapping, As of some one gently tapping, tapping at my chamber door. Only this and nothing more." I sat np in bed and listened. Presently another httle tap at the drawing-room door, and the sweet little voice which I knew so well, called out very softly, " Mr. L !" " Yes," I replied, as I jumped out in the dark and approached the door; " do you require anything ?" " Oh ! do excuse me; I heard you come in, and did not like to speak for a while. I hope I have not disturbed you." " Certainly not," I replied, rather puzzled, however, to" know what was coming next. "Are you ill?" " No; but I generally leave my gas Blightly turned on, but to-night, just before you came, I turned it off altogether; I am in total darkness, and have not got a single match. Can you convey one to me ? I really require a light." " Wait a moment," I said, " and I will push some under the door." I groped and found the matches, which were wax "vestas," struck a light, lit my own candle, and then tried to push several under the door, but without effect; the bottom of the door touched the thick carpet, which had a sort of" pile," too closely, so I was about to give it up in despair when a thought struck me. "What a fcol I am," I said to her; " I never thought of the keyhole; now, catch them!" "Ohi thank you," she said; "what a clever fellow you are—clever enough for an an engineer," I said; "that's what I was in the East." " Indeed! Yon did not tell me that; but I had all the talk to myself to-day. Your turn will come to- morrow—oh I"—she gave a little scream. What's the matter ?" I enquired. " Two of the matches have missed, and this nastv thing has burnt my fingers! They bend up so that I can't strike them properly. What shall I do?" "I've got it," I cried. "Now 111 show you some engineering- skill if you will wait two or three minutes. But are yon not cold ?" for it was the middle of October. " Oh, no ; I have my ckoga (Indian cloak) on. Shall I talk to you while you are engineering ?" , " Do, by all means. If every engineer had the like comfort at his work engineering would be made easy." I had split a piece of an old bamboo cane, and tied a match to it with thread. I lit the match and put it through the keyhole, but in my hurry it was a failure. " Better luck next time," I Baid, as I proceeded to ' lash' another match to the stick ; " I will be more deliberate this time." I was, and it was a success. She lit the ga s, and then returned to the door. " Can I do anything more ?" I asked. A No, thank you. I am much obliged, and sorry for troubling you. But would not this scene, or one like it. look well in a magazine under the heading of 'Conversations through a keyhole?" and she laughed at the conceit of the thing. " Good night!" " Wait a moment," I said. " I am afraid I shall not have the pleasure of seeing you all day to- morrow I have to go to Brighton by an early train, and expect to come back by an early one the day after to-morrow." " Oh, I'm so sorry," she said—" really very sorry. Well, good night'." " Stay !" I said ; "these matches have set me thinking. What do you say to the proverb, or aphorism, or whatever it is, which asserts that" matches are made in Heaven ?" " I have only to sav that if they are anything like the match I tried to light just now and burnt my fingers with, I would not give much for them. Now. good night, finally." Good night!" I echoed, and thus ended that conversation through a keyhole. I "did not go to Brighton that day. Ho-.v little, indeed, do any of us know, how very few of us can surmise, what a day may bring forth. Three words from the lips of one man can bring on a revolution which will cause thousands of slaughtered men to lie in " one red burial blent." One word will cause a whole nation to rise in arms; and when the present Emperor of Germany uttered at Ems, I think, the one single woid "mobilize," a hundred thousand, nay, t-A'O hundred thousand, nay, much more, sprang forth like " Clan Alpine's warriors true," armed, like Minerva, cap-a-pie; and, beheld " Death rides upon the sulphury Siroc, Bed battle stamps his foot, and nations feel the shock!" Pretty much the same in households. One cold word will blight an entire family, and a few hours will bring death and desolation. "Big Ben" was booming forth the hour of twelve from the clocktower of Westminster Palace when I put my latchkey in the door and entered. I locked the door very gently, and put up the chain without a sound; then I crept up stairs softly, carrying even my slippers in my hand, and with only my socks on. All was dark and silent in tue drawing-room; there was no streak of light under thatdoor; but under her, HauooBeltu s, bedroom- door there was a thin golden thread of light, and on the opposite Wall of the corridor was another golden spot, shaped something like a dressed dolL This was the light through the keyhole. I knew she slept with a light burning, so I could not tell now whether she was awake or asleep. I opened my room door with the greatest caution, chuckling to myself at the surprise I would give them in the morning. The KUab-ool- Kismvt was unfolding its leaves with a ven- geance ; for I do not know what possessed me to lie down on the bed that night without undressing, and there I lay " a-thynkynge." Thinking of my own hitherto lonely condition ; of the beauty, the brilliancy, the intellectual power, the sound common-sense, the extensive knowledge of Hanoo-Beltu, the last link in the long family chain of the Montezumas. My light was burning also. Was I indifferent to her ? No; I could see that she held me ic some estimation, even after a such a brief acquaintance. But I could also see that she cherished the memory of her husband. She had shown me his picture, a small oil painting executed by a well-known American artist; and her own picture stood in the corner unpacked. It was a huge paintinsr, in a heavy and richly gilt aud carved frame, fully seven feet high. She, dressed in a closely fitting dark crimson velvet—"Imperial" velvet, for was she not Royal ?—with a lace handkerchief thrown over her head and tied under her chin. The figure was as large as life, and the artist was a German one of note. Yes; she revered her husband's memory, and from his portrait, and her own enthusiastic description of him, I knew he had been a man of no mean order (he had belonged to an ancient Scottish family), and for her sake I could not but respect his memory also. Well, it could not have been less than 2 o'clock when I heard a strange sound. It seemed like a wail of anguish. The nearest sound I ever heard to it was the "keening" of the female mourners in the mountains of Cork and Kerry. I, standing in the valley, the sounds descending from the mountain, softened by the distance, seemed inexpressibly plaintive and musiial. That was the sound I now heaTd through vulgar walls and doors. I started up, stood and listened, and again the mournful sound of wailing anguish reached my ears. Oh! gracious Heaven, it was from her room! I opened my door, and bounded uuon the landing, and stood at her door. The thin golden streak of light was still under the door; the tiny golden doll was still on the opposite wall, like a very small ghost; and as I listened, my blood curdled in my veins, wben I heard a voice—Iter voice, but weak and tremulous, calling— Oh, God—I am dying !" " I am here !" I cried, and I tried the handle of the door ; alas, it was locked ! I sped through the drawing-room, and reached the other coor of her room. Thank God, it was not locked. Had it been, I should have thrown all my weight acainst it. " I am coming !" I cried again, as I rushed across the drawing-room, and when I entered her bedroom, oh! what a scene met my eyes! The gas was turned on, not full power, but gave a subdued light, every object being visible. There she lay—my regal, my beautiful, my gifted, my whole- souled Hanoo-Beltu! She was lying just as I first sa v her on the couch, her hands folded a la Croisae on her bosom; but, Ai de mi, Albania, the rich, crimson blood, the royal blood of the Montezumas, welling and bubbling from her beautiful mouth ! Her eyes were fixed on me as I entered—large, dark, full, round, aud lustrous ; I could read in them joy, hope, gratitude, and sadness all commingled. They had reminded me before of Lord Byron's description of a storm on the Lake of Genoa :— The sky is changed, and such a change! oh, Night, And clouds and darkness, ye are wondrous strong, And lovely in your strength, as is the light Of a dark eye in woman !" She tried to speak. " Do not attempt to say one word, I command you," I said gently. I then put my arm around her, raised her up in a sitting )osture; but it took all the strength of my- c arm to hold ber, for her frame was per- Ief fectly limp, relaxed, and helpless. The blood was still coming up in gushes from her heaut, rising and falling like some springs I have seen, acted upon by hidden subterranean agency; or, better still, like the rising and falling of the Maelstrom. By good fortune, the washing-stand was on my side of the bed, and by stretching my right hand around I managed, with great difficulty, to take the heavy jug out of it, which fell out of my hand on the carpet; but I seized the basin, and held it under her. The most violent part of the paroxysm now came on; before, the blood had been merely bubbling over her lips, and then subsiding, like the terrible lava in the crater of Mauna Loa in the Sandwich Islands; but now, owing partly to change of position, and partly through mental influence on the body, it gushed forth in a stream, she breathing with great difficulty. I bad burst a blood-vessel myself only eight or nine months before; and knew, by experience, something of it; but if I had not seen it with my own eyes, no one could have persuaded me that such a quantity could have come from such a lit le body. Her richly-worked dress was saturated, and both my hands were occupied. There was a large towel ever the jug by chance, when it fell, and this had become well saturated. I drew it towards me with my foot, for I dare not let go either hand; then, when there was a slight cessation of the violent flow of blood, I placed the wet towel around her. It was all I could do. She gave a sigh of relief—and a look, oh! such a look. Love and thankfulness were predominant. I held ber there for some time, my arm trembling with the weight, and, possibly, tbe mental agitation. Then, when I perceived that the worst was over, 1 laid her gently back, with the towel under her; removed the basin and whispered to her, " I am going into my room, and will be back in one moment." She ga^e me an exf was back immediately with my own water ressive look, with, oh! such a sad, sad smile, jug, and a bottle of sodawater. I partly knelt down and spoke to her. " You may speak now," I said, " but only in a whisper, mind. Are you thirsty?" " Oh ! very, very thirsty," she whispered. " I wish I had had some ice, but the worst is over now." " Alas !" I whispered, " there's no ice in October. Drink this." I held her up again, and gave her the sodawater in a tumbler, which she drank eagerly. " It is all I can do for vou," said I, endeavouring to smile. "It is very nice," she said, "so nice and refreshing. I am safe now; had you not come I should have died." She drew my hand, which held the tumbler towards her, and before I knew what she was doing, kissed it! " It is my Becond attack," she con- tinued. " I burst a blood-vessel more than a year ago, which nearly ended my life. It was caused by some terrible news. Do not be alarmed"—for she felt my arm trembling. " Remove the towel," she said; " you need not fear now." I did ao, and laid her down, slowly and carefully. " Now," said I, " had I not better ring for the landlady " Oh ! no, no, no," she muttered. Do rot leave me. You are here, and she could do me no good now." "Very well," I replied. "Remember I am present here as your physician." I then •wet my own towel, which I had brought, and wiped her face and neck carefully. As I wiped the dear little mouth, which had recently undergone such a cruel ordeal, I longed to kiss it, but I did not; I only kissed her hand, and she smiled feebly as I did so. Getting some thin muslin fabric of hers which I saw hanging near, I spread it over her and under her chin, thus hiding the marks of blood. I then sat down by her side, on a chair which I drew thither. " Give me your hand," she whispered. I did so, and thus we remained, she clasping mine, and occasionally pressing it unconsciously, it seemed to me. " Do vou know," she said, stdl in a whisper, "that the words you spoke yesterday at the foot of the stairs made a great impression, on me ? I feel now the truth of them :—'' KHdbool-Ki&mtt; men irlcdm kna hai." " Ic is written in the Book of Fate ! God bless you. dear. I am getting very sleepy." I knew she uttered the worddear" quite unconsciously. Scarcely had she spoken, when she was in a calm, peaceful slumber, still holding my hand. I wanted to cover her hands and arms up, for it was cold ; but every time I attempted to withdraw my hand I felt her press it convulsively even in her sleep, _ so that we remained until daybreak, she lying as white, from loss of blood, as the pure3t marble, and I filled with conflicting emotions, now of hope, and now of doubt. As the first gleams of the morning sun appeared, she awoke, still holding my hand. She looked at the ceiling in a bewildered manner, then cast her eyes aiound the room, then at the window into which the sun was shinin; and then at me. She smiled—such a sweet smile. You have bsea my guiriian ai;el.. Can ever repay you ?" " I am a very rough one, then," I answered. " Besides, I never heard of guardian angels requiring any payments or repayments, thought they only required"—here I stopped. "Required what?" she asked. "Do tell me." But I hesitated. " Trust me," she said . "tell me what guardian angels require in payment ?" Only Christian, celestial love !" " Thank you. From my heart f thank you All true love is celestial and divine, be it Christian or heathen." I did not respond to this ; I only said— May I go now and send up the old lady? " You may. You want some rest; go and ,: take it, and let me see you in the draw in: room after lunch." You will not surely be able to" " Never fear ; I will be there, if I have to be carried." I bent down involuntarily and kissed her hand. She pressed mine, repeating " Kit mut-ool-Kitab menlihlia hat." " And now, «« revoir until lunch;" and away I went, turn ing to kiss my hand at the door. I then went downstairs, told the lady of the house all or nearly all that had occurred—told her that I should require no breakfast; and then went upstairs to bed. CHAPTER IV. LALLAH E00KH.—THE POETBY OF FLOWERS. I slept soundlv until 11 o'clock, when rose and proceeded to dress myself. As I did so, 1 went over the events of the preceding night in my mind, and wondered how she was. Had there been a medical man resent in the first attack he might possibly Eave been of a little use; but that over, she had been as safe with me as she would have been with Dr. Abernethy. All was still in the drawing-room. I pulled the bell-rope, knowing that the sound, far away down in the kitchen, would not disturb her, and shortly afterwards a knock came to my door. It was the landlady herself. I immediately asked after—what sluaU I call her? Mrs. B? No—too cold. The young widow lady? No—too formal. Hanoo-Beltu? No—the old ladv had not the slightest idea who Hanoo-Beltu was. My fair patient? Aye— that would do ; but rather formal and hypocritical. Sotrving to put on a careless demeanour, I said, in the canting, humbug language of medical, clerisal, legal, mercantile, man-of the-world insincerity, though my heart throbbed with a different feeling— "How is my fair patient, Mrs. G ?" That was her name. "Oh! Sir," she said, "I have come up myself on purpose to thank you. You did everything that I think could possibly have been done. Indeed, had you roused the house, I believe she would have been milch worse. I am sure I am very thankful to you, on my own account, as well as for her. She told me all, and went on to such a degree about you that I had to stop her. 1 had some tea made for her, fixed her bed, and she has had a beautiful sleep, for I peeped in every fifteen minutes to took at her. Will you nave something now, Sir ?" " I think will have breakfast and lunch all in one," I said. " Is she still in bed ?" " Oh ! yes, Sir; but she insists upon seeing you in the drawing-room, so we are goiag-fce lift her out on to the sofa, and you are to see her after 1 o'clock." " Very well, madame," I said, and I followed her down stairs. I enjoyed an omelette, some coffee, toast, and so on, and then retired to the library, where I was as fidgetty as a setting hen. For the life of me I could not keep my fingers from the guitar, and at last I played and sang in _ sheer desperation " Juauita," and that magnificent but neglected sea-son^ " The Sailor's Grave ;" and then, feeling ashamed of my apparent selfishness, I locked the tempting thing up and strolled out. My office was " taking care of itself" with a vengeance. Happily there was no fear of clamorous clients besieging the t'oor, for it was devoted to literary pursuits only, and if any visitors did come, they were only idle vagabonds come to smoke a cheroot and keep me idle. I was in a most feverish state about the time, and at 1 o'clock I entered the door. She is waiting for you, Sir," were the first words I heard, and two minutes afterwards I bowed myself into the drawing-room. She was lying in the same position in which I had first seen her, aud on the same couch, the same scarlet "Talma" over her, the same tiny little white satin slippers on her feet; but, Ay di mi! how deadly pale she looked! She extended her hand, which I kissed, and then took a seat beside her. She said she felt very well, but weak ; she was not strong enough for conversation, so at her request I gave her full particulars of my own life. In some portions of it she was deeply interested, especially in the account of my residence on the shores of the great lakes and my experience of Indians, Indian costumes, but, above all, Indian mounds. I cannot enter into full details ; but I enjoyed my own narrative very much, because she enjoyed it. " I heard you singing," she said. "Yes," I replied, and you must have thought me very selfish; but it seemed as if I could not help it." "I assure you, yon could not have done anything more pleasing to me. .You seem to know how to comfort one by inluition."_ "I do not know about that," said I, but I do know that on occasions when I suffered great grief I have flown to music and even singing for a solace. On the occasion of the deaths of two, nay, three, of the persons whom I esteemed above all others, I have dayed and sang and gone to sleep. I mean I ! lave played and sang what I knew where their favourites in life. On one occasion I cried myself to sleep." " May I ask who that was for ? A lady?" No; it was for a brother; and I sang then, 'Oh, call my brother back to me, I cannot play alone.' I, a grown-up man." "Iam not at all surprised to hear it; I am rather pleased than otherwise. Whose favourite was the ' Sailor's Grave' which you sang. I know it well, and love it. It is grand, sublime ; and it is a lady's song ; but it requires a voice of wonderful power— modulating power, pathos, and compass." " It was a favourite sister's favourite song," said I, "and she had the voice you describe." And you sang it because ?" " Because I was grieved about you," I said. "Thank you," she replied—"from my heart of hearts 1 thank you and forgive your selfishness, as you call it," and again she extended the pale little hand. I left her at 3 o'clock, urging her to go to bed again, On the contrary," she said, " I am going to sit up in an armchair, and shall expect you to devote an hour or two, if you can, with me after dinner. Yon are my physician, you know." I promised, on condition that she would rest in bed, and not on the sofa until evening. She consented. I spent the evening with her, and fei this manner day after day passed, I spending much of my time with her. She recovered her strength most rapidly and wonderfully. As she remarked herself, she " made blood rabidly," and at the end of a week, with attention to diet, and a drive out daily in a hired carriage, her own carriage being in Kent, she had regained all her colour, strength, vivacity, and brilliancy of conversation. During these days of her convalescence I had the opportunity of reading her -mind as rapidly as she read mine. She was certainly not only the most beautiful and perfectly-formed woman I had ever met, but she was the most wonderful. Born of royal descent in Mexico, she had while yet a mere child mastered not only her own language, but also the purer Spanish; and let me here add that the affinity of language between Spain and Mexico, or Spain and tbe smaller N orth and South American Republics, is not by any means proportionate to the affinity which exists between the language of Great Britain and the United States, or Great Britain and her colonies of Canada, Australia, New Zealand, or South Africa. She had mastered French also, and Italian, and ]>erfeeted tham in France and I*aly. She had mastered English, the most difficult of them all; and she had picked up the Oordoo or Hindustani, more colloquially than otherwise, thou r'a she knew the Arabic character. In fact, she was, like Lady Jane Grey, deeply read; aud, like Lueretia Maria Davidson, she was profoundly precocious. She had a considerable knowledge of Latin, as may be seen. Married when only fifteen, she continued her studies with her husband's consent aud approval; and she never patronised the frivolities oi life save when she attended in India Government House balls and Governor's and Governor-General's Levees. During her weak, state I avoided reading anything sentimental or pathetic {the sentimental she would not have listened to), and the too humorous I avoided for the very same reason, namely, that it would agitate her. So I filled in the time with reading the news of the day, the leading articles, reviews, and conversation. It was over the newspapers that her sound judgment and keen perceptive faculties showed to the greatest advantage. I had been so long in India, and out of the way of all commercial and political life, that I felt lost on my arrival and had to "read up." But she aided me. She explained things in the workings of Companies and Banks that astonished me. She shed a light for me on tbe history and aims of the Conservative party and the Liberals, knew the whole career of Lord Palmerston, Louis Napoleon, the late Earl of Derby, and Disraeli, that was of great sendee to me ; but then she had mingled with all the men I have named, and knew them each and all personally. Her fondness for birds and flowers was intense. Most ladies are fond of flowers and birds; but her fondness for the former, especially, was a perfect passion. She had a variety of books on birds, shells, and flowers. I thought my collection of books very choice, but her books, and her course of reading, with drawing and music,; put me to shame. The very first evening I saw her, as she told me after, she had a French edition of the Life of Charles XII. of Sweden in her pocket, which she had read through in her last brief journey to London. One day, about ten days after the nightscene I have described, I asked her if I should read " Lallah Rookh." She said yes ; and sitting down at 10 o'clock in the morning, I read through lunch-time on %ito the afternoon, when I finished it amid her ap plause. She liked it much. On that same afternoon I led her purposely upon the subject of flowers. I dwelt upon the flowers of Palestine, the wild flowers of North America, the flowers of Persia and the East generally, including the Hanging Gardens of Nineveh and Babylon. But I kept something in reserve. A short time orevious to her arrival I had passed the night in the house of a wellknown world-renowned author and litterateur. We were alone that night, and had sat up till 2 in the morning, discussing nearly the whole range of literature. I slept in his bed that night, and he, suffering from an old Mexican wound, had preferred to remain on the sofa. It was during our conversation overnight that I had asked him to read to me a passage in one of his works, which I had always much admired. He did so; and now I had reserved that very passage to read to her. " Listen," said I, after having almost exhausted the subject of flowers ; I will now read you something that I feel sure will delight you." She smiled, placed herself in her favourite attitude, her hands folded on her bosom A la croiac, and said— " I am ready ; please go on ;" and I did go on, thus:— " Unroll the world's map, and look upon the great Northern Continent of America. Away to the wild West; away towards the setting sun ; away beyond many a far meridian let your eyes wander. Rest them where golden rivers rise amoug peaks that carry the eternal snow. Rest them there !" Hanoo-Beltu sat suddenly up ; I saw that she was already becoming entranced. "Pardon!" she said; "will you wait one moment ?" She drew one of those large, soft footstools or " hassocks" near; sat down upon it at my feet; folded her two little hands on my knee; laid her head, her beautiful head, upon her hands, and said, "go on now, please!" I liked the arrangement exceedingly, and you may be certain I did not try to obstruct it in the least! We were by the fire, for it was now November. A kitten was dozing in an arm-chair, and her canary seemed to listen with the greatest attention. I proceeded:— "You are looking upon a land whose features are unfurrowed by human hands, still bearing the marks of the Almighty mould as on the morning of creation : a region whose every object bears the impress of God's image. His ambient spirit lives in the silent grandeur of its mountains—[Here I felt Hanoo-Beltu give a great sob or sigh]— and speaks in the roar of its mighty rivers ; a region redolent of romance, rich in the reality of adventure. Follow me with the eye of your mind through scenes of wild beauty, of savage sublimity." " I stand in an open plain. L turn my face to the North, to the South, to the East, and to the West; and on all sides, behold the blue circle of the heavens girding around me. Nor rock, nor tree, breaks the ring of the horizon. What covers the broad expanse between ? Wood ? Water ? Grass ?—No ; FLOWERS ! As far as my eye can range, it rests only on FLOWERS, beautiful FLOWERS 1 Hanoo-Beltu gave here another deeper and more prolonged sigh; but she never moved her head or shifted her position. I continued to read slowly, distinctly, and I hope with feeling. "I am looking as on a tiDted map, an enamelled picture, brilliant with every hue of the prism." "Yonder is golden yellow, where .the helianthus turns her dial-like face to the sun. Yonder, scarlet, where the malva erects its red banner. Here is a parterre of the purple monarda, where the euphorbia sheds its silver leaf. Yonder, the orange predominates in tbe strong flowers of tbe asclepia; and beyoud, the eye roams over the pink blossoms of the cleome. The bree7« stirs them; millions of corollas are waving their gaudy standards. The tall stalks of the helianthus bend ana rise in long undulations, like billows on a golden sea !" I ceased a moment, and looked at Hanoo- Beltu. Her eves with their expanded pupils were dark and lustrous; but they did not see me; they seemed to be fixed on the rich colours of the carpet: but I knew they were actually gazing on something three thousand miles away. Her ears were with me—her delicate white and pink ears ; but her heart, soul, mind, and eyes were in Mexico! I was glad of it. She never moved, and again I proceeded— They are at rest again. The air is filled with odours sweet as the perfumes of Araby or Ind. Myriads of insects flap their gay wings—flowers of themselves ! The bee-birds * skirr' around, glancing like stray sunbeams; or, poised on whirring wings, drink from the nectared cups; and the wild bee, with laden wings, clings among the honeyed , pistils or leaves for his far hive with a song of joy!" "Who planted those flowers? Who hath woven them into these pictorial pastures NATUBE ! It is her richest mantle ; richer in its hues than thte scarfs of Cashmere. This is the ' weed- prairie.' It is misnamed— IT IS THE GARDEN or GOD !" Hanoo-Beltu gave one, two, three, convulsive sobs. I looked down at her. The tears were rolling down her cheeks on her hands, and on to my knees, like little cataracts. Her eyes were filled with _ them. She was weeping for her beloved Mexico ! I did not disturb her; I only laid my hand on her head, patted it gently, and said— "That is all!" Aft°-r a few minutes she raised her face, still wet with tears, aud The man that wrote that ought to go to Heaven, whatever may be his faults." " It was written by a friend of mine," I replied. " He would be glad to hear what you said." "All the better for you, and—and—and. for me!"—alluding to the first part of what I had just said. A new spirit seemed to enter me. I felt a glow of joy, pride, love, and hope. T laid the book on the floor, and as she sat there, I took ber little head between my two hands, drew it nearer to me, leaned over her, and said:— "Is this dear little woman to be my future wife?" " She is yours now, if you wish it!" That was the answer. I lifted her up, stood up myself, drew her to my bosom, and kissed her. That was our kiss of betrothal. Hanoo-Beltu was my wife! She clung to me with wild, convulsive energy. Then she took my head between her hands, and said—" I have been at home for the last half-hour in Mexico. Oh! exquisite happiness! I've been a dweller in bright summer bowers A trilling wanderer o'er tbe breezy hills ; A passionate lover of earth's gorgeous flowers. And a charmed listener to its thousand rills! My childhood's hearth! God knows my soul's devotion Is proved by those who linger by its side, Sweet sounds of home !—they waken wild emotion; But from them all my path is severed wide'. "We will go to Mexico when we are married," said I; and there I stood, in the brightest sunshine of my otherwise shadowy life! 