Artemus Ward and the London Cabby, {From, tin: Itrmiuisenici'* ot an Uul lith cm iun.") Artemus Ward, the prince oi humorists, posi tively revelled in what 1 think he was the first to dub a “ goak.” 1 rein ember, late one night in the fall of Artemus, near little Jell Drowse, and my humble seif were left alone in the ciubroom at Ashley s. Artemus proposed an adjournment to the Alhambra. Drowse and self joyfully assented. Artemus asked Jell to charter a cab. The vehicle soon drew up. It was a, a clear night and the hotel and street lamps shed a bright light, which gave us a full view of the driver’s face. He was grave and stolid-looking, and evidently self-possessed. Artemus seemed to study the man’s features for a brief moment ; then he intimated to me in a whisper that lie was going to have a lark with cabby. Assum ing a grave air, which sat so marvellously well on his face, lie addressed the man in slow, measured accents. “My triend. lie said, “ you look to me a man of thought and experience, in fact, tliu very man likely to decide a moot important anil most difficult (question which lias arisen between me and iny friend there, point ing to Jeff, who looked slightly puzzled. “ Do you take me? Will you be arbitrator between us ?” Cabby looked so dubious at first that I thought he was going to sayT ■' Gammon,1, or *' Shut up,” or something of the sort. However, so wondrously intent did Artemus look, and so supernally grave was his manner that the man s suspicions faded away from Ins face as snow will under a liot sun. He gave a hud-grunt, then said briefly “Tire away, guv’nur, let’s know wat's all about. ’ ' ‘ Well,” responded Artemus, with slow'deli berateness, weighing every word apparently, *• Well, look ye here, now, my7 friend; that gentleman there"—pointing again to Jeff browse who, not knowing exactly how Charley might choose to compromise him with a mayhap irate Jehu, began to give slight signs oi feeling rather uncomfortable—“ maintains that it is the diver gence of contradictory opinions, which in the natural logical sequence of reasoning, and in tlic inferential conclusions of argumentation, must in the final end inevitably lead to convergence, and concord and harmony among people, amt bring about that most devoutly-wished-for con summation when man to man the world all o’er shall brethren lie and a’ that. 1 trust you follow' me, my friend l’’ l; I follow' you, guv’nor ; tire away,’’ said cabby briefly, who evidently was not quite clear yet what it all could possibly be about. “How, you see, my good fellow, ' PUi’" sued Artemus, with increased intent ness of lace and graver ponderousness of maimer and diction, “ I, on the other part, assort, and 1 mean to stick to it too, let gainsay who may,”—with a ferocious glare our way — that it is contrari wise and opposite, the convergence of coucm rent, concordant, and coincident opinions .that must inevitably' in its corollary and concomitant subsequential train of its outooming results lead to divergences, dillioulties and Uitiurenues — raising his voice to a higher pitch, and u'an tically sawing and beating the air with lus out stretched right arm—-" which will maim one man jump at another s tinuat and strive to strangle him to death:’ Then lie proceeded more quietly'—" How, my friend, you cannot but admit that 1 have placed tne case faiily be fore you. Now, please, give us your decision. Cabby, who had apparently listened with much serious attention to this rigmarole, bent his head on one side, and with one ey e shut, gave Arte mus the beneiit of an inimitably droll look. Then he proceeded with gravity' of manner equal to Ward’s and still more ponderous slow ness and enunciation, to deliver himself of the following oracular decision, which would ua\ e done honour to great Hmshby himself : “ Well, guv’nor, it is a, knotty pint ami a aril nut to crack for the likes o’ me ; seem as there is a. great deal to be said on both sides ; and don t ye think, now, guv’nor, it’s raytiier a dry ques tion to settle l " Vich l knowed from the first ye vos a gen’ieman, hevery' inch o you, guv’ nor.” Having said which he looked expectant, “ Sold !’’ cried Artemus, laughing, jumping into the vehicle, followed by us. “ i’ou shah have your liquor, cabby. Drive on.” Once upon a time—which is the most reason able way ve can think of at present to begin a short tale with—well, once upon a time an impecunious countryman, who wished to. keep up appearances, shouted out loudly to his son as the Squire was passing his house, “Jack, have you fed the pigs?” “Yes, feyther,re plied Jack. “Did you count ’em?” “Yes.” “ Mow many were they ?” “ One, feyther,” yelled the lad at the top of his voice. This anecdote distinctly proves the fallacy of at tempting to make a .show out of what you do not possess. If you are the proprietor of a bald head with one solitary bristle sticking out, it is childish to be perpetually trying to make your self and others believe that you have a fine crop of glossy curls. MosK IN Egitto.—The appointment by the Chief Rabbi of a May of Thanksgiving with a Special Service at all the Synagogues in the kingdom, “ for the signal success voucnsafed to on rearms in Egypt,” derives peculiar significance from having been preceded by the Rotchchilds’ munificent donation to the British troops of twelve tons of tobacco and five thousand pipes. It is perhaps not merely from any consideration relative to historical Egyptian bondage that the Israelites take such an obviously peculiar in terest in Egyptian solvency.—-Punrh. The saying that nine tailors make a man has had the licht of antiquarian research turned upon it. and is held to be a misreading of “ Nine tollers,” or nine tolls of a church bell for a mas culine corpse. This view is not a cheerful one, and we ’prefer to think that the phrase is of German origin, standing thus—“Nine thalers make a man.” The thalers make the man, The want of it the fellow, &c.; A rebellion once broke out in Liechtenstein, the smallest of the German sovereignities. The sentinel of the Palace had, however, no sooner presented arms than the whole of the rebels took to flight and escaped across the frontier. The loyal troops subsequently took the oath of allegiance in the private chapel of one of the citizens, and in the afternoon of the same day all the subjects of his Serene Highness went for a drive in the newly decorated one horse carriage of State.— Gartnvlauhr. A young lawyer was appointed to defend a ne^ro who was too poor to hire counsel of his own, After the jury were in the box, the young lawyer challenged several jurymen who his client said had a prejudice against him. “ Arc there any more jurymen who have a prejudice against you?” whispered the young lawyer, “ No, boss, the jury am all right ; hut now I wants you to challenge the judge. 1 lias been convicted under him several times already, and maybe lie is beginning to hab prejudice agin me.” Lever used to tell with infinite drollery the following story of Mr. M'Glashan, his Dublin publisher, who, by the way, was a Scotchman. At a certain dinner, fearing to be made “ fou ” by the authors and scribblers, he left the table, after having taken liis share of wine, to join the ladies in the drawing room. After a while the company heard unearthly noises in the. pantry, just behind the dining room. They listened and they wondered. VThafc could it be? Were there really ghosts in the house, as had been whispered in its ancient traditions ? But, sum moning courage, they wont "en masse,” and they found that worthy Mr, M'Glashan had, under the impression that ho was going upstairs to the ladies, ascended shelf after shelf of the pantry, and was at that moment lying at full length on the uppermost, kicking furiously at the ceiling side walls, and expressing (he utmost surprise that he could not get upstairs. When Marmontel was n, schoolboy his master chastised him for some youHiful olFence, which he resented hv so severe a. lampoon that lie was under the necessity of running away. Being afraid of returning to his parents, he entered himself as a private soldier in a regiment com manded by the Prince of Condc; and in the year that he obtained a halbert, this celebrated poet wrote his charming history of Belisarius. Many applications were made for his discharge, which the Prince always withstood, declaring it to he the most flattering honour he could possibly receive to have such a man as Mar m on tel a sergeant in his regiment. Once a year, at the general review, this distinguished indi vidual appeared in his station and multitudes always crowded to see him. After the review was over, Mavmontel had invariably the honour to dine with his illustrious colonel and (he principal officers of the army, by whom he was esteemed to admiration. Latin is a dead language, and that is why doctors use it for writing out their prescriptions. What is this man charged with ?” asked the judge. “ With whisky, yer honour,” replied the sententious policeman. In Spain an old custom among the rural people is never to eat fruit out of doors without planting the seed. The roads are lined with trees, whose fruit is free to all. An old proverb says : “The man has not lived in vain who plants a good ' tree in the right place.” 