THE DECEMBER MAGAZINES. The Contemporary Review opens with a paper on the burning question of "England's duty in Egypt," by John Westlake, Q.C., L.L.D. After considering the question of our responsibilities to the other European rowers, and the character and religion of th? pcoplr, the writer expresses the opinion that tbc experiment of self-government should be tried, and writes :—" It seems to me essential that Egypt should at least be raised into the condition secured to Bulgaria by the Treaty of Berlin, as a principality absolutely free from all interference I>y the .Sultan in its in ternal affairs. Whether a further step should be taken, and tbc Sultan deprived even of ?suzerainty, does not appear to me of great im portance in the interests of Egypt; but I bould not consider that the total loss of his suzerainty and tribute was at all too severe a unishment for the violation by the Sultan f all his duties as a ruler in connection with be bite insurrection, if that solution should test suit the general interests of Europe." In order to obtain for the experiment of self-government a fair trial, Mr. Westlake suggests that" England should propose to the Powers to guarantee the existing Egyptian debt," securing herself "by a convention with the Khedive, binding him to contract no new loans without her assent, and giving to the British agent the most stringent powers of enquiry into the financial adminis tration whenever he mijjlit deem it necessary to exercise them." C. S. Salmon, with reference to " British polity in West Africa," points out that the climate is too deadly for the country to be conquered or colonised by the English ; and after noting the causes of friction amoDgst the tribes in the past, the writer states that he v convinced that the position of England on the Gold Coast "should be that of a mediator, and that she should become an ally of Ashantee and other powerful inland peoples." He is of opinion that "if she only adopts that character, England has die power, prestige, andinfluence for oi?ning .the interior too the civilising influences of a wide-extending. com Tierce.'' Lieutenant-Colonel It. D. Osborn indicts our Government in India as a system solely directed to the extraction of revenue and the enrichment of, the European officials, and says " unless ire are resolved to pursue the present system until India has been literally bled to death it is absolutely necessary to five to the natives some control over the vast ex penditure which they arc expected to defray." CoL Osbora advocates Mr. Blight's scheme of the division of the continent into provinces, each with a government of its own. The other papers in the number are "Imper sonality and Evolution in Music," by Vernon Lee; " The I'rimitive Polity of Islam," by I'rincipal Fairbairit; "Miss Barney's Novels," by Mary Elizabeth Christie; "Early Christianity and Class Influence," by the Rev. C. G. Clarke; " Peasant Pro perties in Auvergne," by Lady Verney; and the lessons of the Egyptian campaign with regard to "The Army, The Volunteers, and the Press," by Phil ttobinson, in the course of which the writer expresses the opinion that **the 'special'of the future must be re cognised as a regular constituent of a camp; ?nd in proportion as he is expected to act loyally towards the force which he accom. panics he should be treated with public con sideration.'' The second number of LvngmarCt Magazine, besides two instalments of fiction, consisting of the continuation of Mr. James Payn's tale " Thicker than Water,"and the first part of a tale by Mrs. Oliphant, entitled, "The Lady's Walk," a story with a very unconventional ghost, contains several interesting and well written papers. Mr. R. A. Proctor, in a paper under the title of "The Earth in Meteoric Shadow." addresses himself to ex plain the "occurrence of certain spells of exceptionally cold weather in February, April, and May," with reference to which he nys "evidence has been obtained which seems to show that the cooling in question affects cot the northern hemisphere alone, but the whole earth, insomuch that the belief seems forced upon us that the cause, what ever it may be, is to be sought outside the earth." By the light of the later discoveries of science Mr. Proctor points out the fallacy of Adolph Ernan's theory, advanced forty three years since, that the son's conjunction with the August meteors on February 7, and with the November meteors on May 12, might explain the cold spells which occur in February and May. Mr. Proctor's own theory on the subject is ex plained in the popular style which bis lectures in the coloay have made familiar to many o* our readers. Mr. J. A. Fronde contributes an interesting account of ten weeks spent in the Norway Fjords. The trip was taken in a steam-yacht. Of his host and the objects of the trip Mr. Froude says—" He was a sports man, but a sportsman only as subsidiary to more rational occupations. Ue was going to Norway to catch salmonidu'; not, however, to catch them only, but to study the varieties of that most complicated order of fish. He was going also to geologise and botanise, to examine rocks and rivers, and glaciers and flowers; while all of us were meaning to acquaint ourselves as far as we could with the human specimens still to be found in the crater of the old volcano from which those shiploads of murdering 'Danes' poured oat J ten centuries ago to change the face of Europe." All these objects appear to have been accomplished; the sport was good and accompanied by some amusing incidents.' There is some excellent descriptive writing in'the paper, Mr. Froude giving, without rhapsodising, a vivid impression of the beauties of the scenery, and of the descen dants of the 'murdering Danes.'" He writes—" In the summer the young men are away at the mountain farms, high grazing ground underneath the snow line. The women work with their brothers and hus bands, and weave and make the clothes. They dress plainly, but with good taste, with modest embroidery; a handsome bag hangs at the waist of the housewife. 'There is reading, too, and scholarship. A boy met us on a pathway and sjioke to us in English. We asked him when he had been in England? He bad never been beyond his own valley in the long winter evenings he had taught himself with an English grammar. No wonder that with such ready adaptabilities they make the best of emigrants. The over flow of population which once directed itself in such rude fashion on Normandy and Eng land now finds its way to the United States, and no incomers are more welcome there, At Christiana the party saw a veritable Vikings* ship that had been covered with clay, which had preserved the timbers, and the ship had been recovered almost entire. Of this Mr. Fi-oude says. "The first thing which struck us all was the beauty of the model—as little esembling the old drawings of Norse or Saxon ships as the figures which do duty there as men resemble human beings. White of Cowes, could not build a vessel with finer lines, or offering less resistance to the water." Mr. Samuel Smilescontributes a biographical paper, the character cf which may be judged by the opening paragraph :—" At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, one of the most remarkable instruments is to be seen—the first chronometer, the parent of a nume rous progeny of chronometers, used on board every sea-going ship to the advan tage of navigation, of commerce, as well as of science. As far back as the reign of Queen Anne, in the yearjl.7l4, the English Government offered the huge prize of £20,000 to the person who should tind the method of discovering the longitude at sea, within cer tain specified limits. The reward was offered to the world, to inventors and scientific men of all countries, without any restriction of nation, or race, or language. To the surprise of everyone—it was thought remarkable, and it was remarkable—the prize was won by a man who had been brought up as a village carpenter, of no school, or college, or univer sity. But the truth is that the great me chanic, like the poet, is born not made; and John Harrison, the winner of the famous prize, was a born mechanic." Then Mr. Smiles goes on to tell, as he has often told before, an inspiring tale of labor, talent, and perseverance, victorious after long and, what to many would have been disheartening, struggles. The number is made up with two poetical pieces, and a suggested solution of that one of Praed's poetical enigmas which commences with the line " Sir Hilary charged at Agincourt." In MacmiUah's opening page? this month tribute ia paid to the memory of a dead canary by Matthew Arnold in polished verse, containing pathos and moral, both of which are true and unstrained. Airs. Oliphant con tributes three chapters of her serial tale "The Wizard's Son." The Rsv. A. T. Davidson, in a paper beaded "What is Simony," advocates the reform, as against the abolition, of the sale of benefices. He quotes instances which go to prove "that the principle of simony ia involved in many ecclesiastical doings which are never questioned, and are even, many of them, con sidered beneficial," and goes onto say "to us, therefore, the conclusion of the matter seems to be that, granting the abuses to lte found in connection ? ith the sale of benefices, the matter may be so worked as to lie rendered, in the abstract, unobjectionable." Mr. J. E. Tborold Rogers, M.P., in a paper on "Ensilage," that is "the packing of green forage in air and water tight structures." quotes some striking results from the adoption within the last four years of the practice by American agriculturists. Of Mr. Mills, who is said to have been the first to introduce ensilage in the States, Mr. Bogers says —"His experiments were made in IS7C, as an attempt to save a crop of un ripe corn sown from seed which could not, a3 he found, ripen in the Northern States. He made several rough silos in a gravel bank, pat bis corn in whole, covered it with straw and planks, and then heaped earth over it. When the frost broke up in the following spring he opened his pits, found the fodder in goad preservation, got it out, and found his horses liked it" .... " The evidence givei. in reply to a circular from the Minister of Agri culture by those who had tried the new system was conclusive as to its importance and value, not only in New England but to the whole of the agricultural community." Mr. Rogers concludes by expressing it as his firm conviction "that ensilage will do more to revive or restore British agriculture, multiply home produce, and give an energetic and permanent stimulus to the most impor tant of all trades—the home trade —than any thiDg" which he has seen or heard of. "A Staff Officer" exposes some of flic results of the " Hot haste for News" from the scenes of our campaigns, exhibited by the public, and the efforts of the daily and illustrated papers to supply the want, by publishing the {sen sational telegrams of partially informed cor respondents and graphic illustrations of exciting incidents in the engagements from ftfrt^r^PD by special artists; the sketches being improved by the imagination of those to whom the sketches are entrusted to be finished at home. Some amusing instances are given of the incongruities consequent upon the attempts to solve the "supply and demand" problem in this direction. Some figures and deductions, which are interesting and useful in these time of temperance re form, are given in " The Topography of In temperance" by Thomas Clyde. The Dean of Westminster, by the tone adopted in dis cussing "Some points in 'Katural?eligion,'" shows a disposition to follow in the liberal and conciliatory path of his predecessor, and the number is completed by a paper on " Two Villages in Heasia"' of some historical inte rest, by H. Avray Tipping. ~Blarktrood't Magazine opens with an article on "Alison's Autobiography," with copious quotations, some of which, relating to the part which Sir Archibald took in the breaking up of the cotton spinners' conspiracy and the suppression of the western riots, are of cod. siderable interest. There is a paper on " Goethe's West-eastern Divan," with transla tions of several of the poetical pieces as well as from the prose portion of the " Divan." rhe paper is written by one who has evidently studied and appreciated the great German, both as man and poet Seeking the cause of Goethe's happy married life as compared with the failure of many poets, and Byron in par ticular, in that connection, the writer quo ea the following lines as evidence that Goethe knew bow to deal with women :— ?' Cse the woman tenderly, tenderly; From a crooked rib God made her slenderly; Straight and strong he could not make her. So if yon toy to bend yonil breather; Bat let her alone aad hare her own way, Shell grow man crooked every day. What's to be done with her, Adam, my boy.1 r*e her tenderly, that's what I say— To breakyonr own nb will t ring yon small joy." As the author of the paper says, the trans lations are interesting "as scraps from the rich and varied portfolio of Germany's master mind." "Kotesof anEgyptianCampaigner"is designated by the writer as intended to be "a mere unconnected narrative of a few in cidents of the past campaign ;" but there is a perceptible effort to strain the incidents as evidences of mismanagement and disorgani sation to the discredit of the Government* " The true state of the Opposition" is a reply to a letter which appeared in the Fortnightly Kfriew, signed "Two Conservatives," with indictments against the Conservative party and their leaders. The writer also endeavors to do away with the impression that disorgani sation prevails in the Conservative ranks, which was strengthened by a letter which appeared in the Times, as he says, "over the signature of an able but a young and irre sponsible Conservative member of Parlia ment" (Lord K. Churchill}, in which it was suggested that "the Conservative battle should be fought in conjunction with the Parnellito party." After an elaborate attempt to answer the charges in the former letter, the writer adds, "We are conscious that we have noticed the murmurs of two so-called Conservatives at greater length than their merits or substance deserve." This is to be regretted as much on the part of the readers as that of the writer. 