TEE INTELLIGENT VAGRANT. Qnla celt an r.dj!eiu>t hodiernal crastlnn mmma: Tempora d1 inperl.— Horace. (From "The Tiubuke.") I had a good friend once whose delight it was 0 use nautical expression--, though he knew little or nothing of nautical matters. Whilst the grati fication of his desire then gave him pleasure, it not unfroquently gave extreme amusement to hi» menus, i nus, wnen ne taiKeu or -splicing a forctopsail figure head to nmarlingspike,"or when ho spoke of someone's " shinning up the mi/zen- rigging to furl tlte maintop," there was dilliculty in restraining lauglitcr. 1 tiiought at one time my poor friend was dead and buried long ago. I attended his funeral. But I must have been mis taken, because 1 _now begin to thitvk lie i- alive, and is writing Tittle leaders for the .'<». A; least J am sure nobody but Andy Spearing (.that was my friend's name) could have written t'ne little leader upon a yauui r.ee in the N'rim last, week, in which the rounding of the Hag-boat . el' Uanly was described, nul the yachts were said tj be ' staggering under the huge main sheets.'1 It' it was not Andy Spearing who wrote tnnt. it was his ghost did it, and now 1 am anxiously looking fotwatd to tho nextynuht race in order that I may read in the AWm subsequently bow "a hatchway was hoisted a-peak." The tendency of the general public to threaten the administration of tlnnshings to newsiiaper men is much exaggerated, but occasionally exists. 1 remember when I was editing an evening paper on tho Thames gold-field something appeared in it which a number of good-natured people were kind enough to assure a particular friend of mine, Tim Flaherty, let us say, referred to him, it did not refer to him at all I need scarcely say, and the perse n to whom it did refer was well known. But tho afim -mentioned good natured people wanted some fun and they nearly got it. Tim was a very powerful man, and in the way of fighting capable of walking round a man of peace like myself as a cooper would walk around a cask. He brooded on his fancied wrungs a'l night and the following morning when I met Tim in the street and was contemplating tho mutual hospitality at an hotel bar which generally accompanied such meetin-.'s. 1 was astonished by bi-niuninc up to me. shakina a fist like a leg of mutton right under my an-,' nnd saying, " D'ye see that'.'" Presence of mind alone saved me. I said, " Yes. Hadn't you better take it down and wash it Tim'- look of stern ness relaxed, he dropped his ii-t, two words showed him to whom the paragraph he was annoyed .ilmat referred, and wc adjoatned to tho Pacific Hotel much to the disappointment of numerous matini friends who had assembled to see mo get a cm. id hammering before Tim eoui i lino out that no: bin : had been written about 'aim. The pioprietors of "tho fond Bird's Joy "nr.: about to start an evening daily pa pet. and I nave been favoured with a copy of tho pro-pee: -as . >: t ho same, which it gives me infinite piea-eir-' to pubiidi as follows i'BOSPKCTU.S of "The fiiitter Gatherer." A new daily evening paper to bo published on the 1st of March. In announcing the publication of a thiol even- ' ing daily paper in Sydney, the proprietors of " The Gutter Gatherer feci confident that by pursuing the same course as lias marked, the conduct of the " Gaol Bird's Joy," and obtaining one or two slices of undeserved luck such as betel the latter publi cation. they may anticipate success. "The Gutter Gatherer" .will, therefore, from its commencement ljc freely open to -neb per- .mil ; attacks upon anyone as those desiring to make I these attacks are willing to pay for. At the sain : time portraits of nobodies and pictures of lohac.-o- ' nists' shops em out of a butcher's b'oek with a ' meat axe, will be inserted according to a tixed scale of charges. Tlio litomiv conduct of " Tlio Gutter Gatherer" will be simple. Whenever anything good can be found in any other paper, it wili lie at once re printed without- acknowledgment, and the paper : from which it is reprinted carefully a'm-el. Country newspapers will be always cut up. b e in -e I country newspapers, by making a row about this. | will help to advertise "The Gutter Gatherer." (lit the other hand, whilst the literary stall v.ell he ! recruited from all directions (me nding II..M. ! gaols), and will be generally distinguished I' >r : tltc-ir icsemblanec to street -corner and paM'e , bouse loafers, all journali-is honestly exorcising j their profession will come in for personal abuse. ; At the same time. ' The Gutter Gatherer" will j assume a tone indicative of great worldly ease and ' comfort on the part of its staff. lit other words, ; the distinctive marks of the paper, which shoal. i : be the bottom of a pint pot, and a lialf- l v. .an- 1 meat pie. will be concealed by the impress of an I empty champagne bottle and the drum-tick of a turkey picked out of tlte refuse box of a public i house. j Starting with tbc-e advantages, if " The Guto-:' | Galhoier" should only have tlje .good foitati" to j get hold of rite tight end of the stick one-:, as the ! " Gaol Birds' Joy" did iu the C'outarf ease it- j fortunes will be for a time assured, whilst at the ! same time it will be always, at titty cost of boiio.tr. I decency, or principle, securing notoriety. Ami so I ong as it secures notoriety, its proprietors will be i content. ! Orders for advertisements will he taken by the poets of ' The Gutter Gatherer." and in connection I with this the proprietors will feel extremely ' obliged to advertisers, if. when the poets ha; ' for some little personal tee, ignition, they will limit that recognition 'Jl'"keti meats, of which the poets as well as the whole stall' are continually in : want, and will not extend it to threepences or al- cholic refreshment. Unless this caution is given ' strict attention to the pioprietors of The Gutter Gatherer" cannot guarantee the subsequent ap pearance of either poets or advertisements. 