®lw ftxiûvm (tam**. MOiVmr, FEBRUARY 5, 1S83. The movement lately made by several of the iuelustrial classes to shorten their hours of labour is quite natural and just. Re- cognising that in some trades the labour is more ¡miltons than in others, and that the most skilful operatives command the shortest boura ¡is well ¡is the best pay, it must be admitted that in some cases the hours of labour arc unreasonably protracted. The butchers and bakers, for example, bave good cause to complain, and in the effort to get their hours of work shortened they are eutitletl to public sympathy and assistance. The men employed at the various ferries, too, have n good deal to complain of, and tbey might reasonably have demanded a concession in this respect last year, before the fares tvere practically reduced by one- litilf. There are also many other of the working classes avIio are required either to perform too much labour in the day, or otherwise to be kept at their em- ployers' places of business much too long. Building mechanics of ¡ill kinds have, simply by determination and united effort, secured the eight hours day. But other tradesmen of various descriptions still work nine, len, or eleven hours according to the "custom of the trade" to which the)' re- spectively belong. It bus been said that public opinion must be relied upon to bring about the desired relief, but aa'o fear Hitit public opinion, without lcgisluÜA-e assistance, will not bo very poten- tial. Much has been done by the Early closing movement in Brisbane ¡is well as* other places, but the good effects ¡ire fitful, iinel the relapses into long hours frequent. The young people employed in shojxs, even Avhcre early- closing has been adopted, have no protection against the caprice of au em- ployer, or ¡igiiiust his retirement and the succession of another who will have the pound of flesh out of his workpeople. Move over, even if some employer will set an ex- ample of humanity, and of consideration for his employés, he must do so at ¡t great sacri- fice, because his rival up the street will not ntako similar concessions, and thinks tin folly of his competitor affords hint the opportunity of making more money. And thus it is that despite public agitation at various times during the hist decade very little progress in the direction of early closing has yet been made. Some years ago a bill avus introduced into the Assembly to fix eight hours as the standard or statute day, except Avhcn ¡i contract to the contrary was made ; and also to enable the local authority of any toAvn, on petition from a majority of the shopkeepers in iiny specilied business therein, to fix by by hnv the hour» at which such shops should open and close, subject to a penally for breach of the by-law. A ma- jority lias, for many veal's past, been in favour of early-clo.Miig in all Queensland centres of population, ¡md in many cases twelve men have been prevcnleil from carrying out their gootl intentions by the grasping selfishness of one. And Liberal politicians wore, ¡it the time referred to, tho loudest iii condemnation of the proposed " coercion," thus íneliciting, posstblv, tint thev de puttied niou upon the voles of the shop keepers thin then cuiplojc(s ihnen, les» excuse foi lon^ hottis iinon¿ shopkee pets than niiion^ lnccliinus lu eiciv «hop ni Busbuie then iii Mick pi nods, in cull ihlN, anil the oiih ctlcct of Mioitiiung the hours would be to ibbteviili those Mick peitoils, much lo the ulv mti^e mil eotnfoit of the ctnplovcs And f ¿i0m1 in the ».inu line cf buslines opened md closed at pu sei ibid houts, the etnplojcrs vNotild «.uiitm ibsoluteh nothing, and would pntiitpitc in the genet ii icli\itton Hut with faetones and othei pines in vvlnett tuichiuie il m ilustues m cinied on the eise is dtllcleiit If the vvoikui^ tuti« ni these pi lees woie le due ed bj an hum a d ij, then would be, as a nile, an lunn s Kss vvoik elone on tint el i> lins 11114ht mim than sweep awav tin cnipleijci s pit lit, 1 s| ei nth if he woie euligal in s nu indusln, which was hlui"0linCT 14 mist f ui^u 1 unpi tilniu So that uij slip iii the dilution ol hIioiI liouii could i nil bt taken ift* 1 lung notice given, nul if In 11 e infill lonsiilu ilion of its illitts It is 1 cm ni ibli, howe \ ei, thal in icspcct of billellen» uul others who suflu most from long hours there can be no foreign comjietition to contend against. The only effects of shorter hours would be either to lessen the master butchers' pro- fits, or to raise the price of meat. Assum- ing the former would not be submitted to, it seems only reasonable that the latter should be cheerfully encountered. The increased price requisite to relieve the working butchers from unreasonablj' long hours would be extremely small, and would scarcely be felt by the consumer. It is argued that meat must be delivered on Sunday morning in our climate, or the con- sumer will not be able to enjoy a'hot dinner, but against this may be putthefact thatscores of families in Brisbane do not take their butchers' meat on Sundaj's, anti yet do not sit down to cold victuals on that day. Our argument, therefore, is that in respect of shopkeepers, statutory coercion is the proper method of proceeding. It is preposterous that one selfish emploj'er may not only compel his own assistants to work excessively long honra, but also inflict a similar penalty upon his rivals and their numerous employes. The theory of modern civilisation is that every citizen shall enjoy the fullest conceivable libertj-so long as in doing so lie does not trench upon the liberty of his fellow-citizens. The late shopkeeper, however, does abuse . this libertj', and in justice to the majority whom he injures there should be coercion by law into har- monious action. As long as all the drapers' shops in the city were kept open for a uniform number of hours, it would be immaterial to the employers whether that uniform number were eight, ten, or twelve daily. The same quantity of drapery would be sold during the shorter as in the longer day, and the number of shops would not be increased. The only difference the employer would know is the reduction in his gas bill, while both himself and his eniploj'és would enjoy the benefit of daily relaxation from toil. There is a precedent for the eight hours' statute day in the Standard Weights for Agricultural Produce Act of 1866. That Act provides that maize, wheat, barley, and oats shall be sokl by weight and not bj' measure, and a penalty is provided not ex- ceeding £5 for each breach of this provision. The same Act fixes the standarel weights per bushel as follows :-Maize, 56lb. ; wheat, 601b. ; barley, 481b. ; and oats, 401b. At first sight it may appear a monstrous inter- ference with personal libertj- to deprive the grower of the right to sell his grain by anjr method he chooses, whether by measure or weight. But practically the standard weight has proved a manifest advantage to both producer and consumer, and no one now questions the justice or expediency of the law. And so it would prove were the eight hours' statute day adopted for all daj' labour in factories or elsewhere. It would not prevent tiny man working a day and a-quarter, or twelve hours, or for any longer time that circumstances might make ex- pedient. But it would be ¡i manifest ad- vantage to have a standarel daj' in order that extraordinary differences in the amount of labour exacteel for a day's paj' may be reconciled and adjusted. But our Liberal leaders would apparently rather excite agittiliou against coloureel labour than give to the men whose votes they seek the substantial benefit of an eight-hour standard »my. _ The Postmaster-General and the Minister for Lands left yesterday evening by special train for Roma, where they arc expected to arrive this morning. In addition to selecting the site of the proposed experimental farm, it appears the lion, gentlemen are to receive ti deputation from the lloma people in favour of a railway to St. George, and nvc understand they will bo honoured with a banquet during their stay. The rapid way in which the Queensland wickets were disposed of on .Saturday has pre- vented the necessity for a third day's play. The committee of the association endeavoured to arrange a scratch match for to-day, but were unable to do so. Ajtropim of the recent match, there arc one or two observations to be made. In the first place, it seems to bo a generally received opinion in Queensland, and indeed in Australia, at any rate, among the masses, that the English cricketers have au interest in the gate money, or in other words, derive pecuniary benefit from the various matches they play in the colonies. It. is time this question was satisfactorily settled once for nil, as many of the English team are not unnaturally annoyed to have such mercenary motives attributed to them. The present team caine over on the invitation of the Melbourne Cricket Club, who arc the only gainers or losers by the transaction. The gentlemen of the Jînglish team have their expenses poid, auel nothing more, and, consequently, have no in- terest in the gate money, but will return to England without having made a penny by the transaction, The four professionals-Barlow, Bates, Barnes, and Morley-are paid by the Melbourne Cricket Club KOO each for the entire trip, and £20 for spending money, being the sum paiel to each member of Shaw's pro- fessional team which visiteel Australia two years ago, and this, when contrasted with the enormous sum ilivielcel among the Australian eleven after their season in 'England, will seem littlo enough, especially when it is remembered that all the professionals ure married men, anil that Barlow has left a lucrative business in Manchester to come out here. The real gainers nre the Melbourne Cricket Club, to whom this visit of the Hon. Ivo Hugh's team must have proved a mine of wealth. The lino of demarcation between amateur and professional in England is drawn very strictly, anil every man who plays for money, no matter under what circumstunces, is thereby irretrievably disqualified as an amateur. Full particulars of the match will be found in another column, but attention should he drawn to the wonderful bowling analysis of A. O, Steel, of Lancastrian fame. In the first innings he took ten wickets at ii cost of 2S nins, und in the second nine wickets at a cost of 10 runs, or rather less than 2 runs per wicket ; having twenty-four maidens placed to his credit In the first and ten in the second innings. The lesson to be drawn by the Queenslander» is obv ion*, and may be ria en w ithout fin thor com- ment in H.A. Bm low's ow n w 01 «Is-" I sti ongl> lciomniciid all clubs to scenic the best pio fossionnl assistante thej cm, and Athen such help hat been obtained, to h no the wiselom to tueopt the dulling which is necessmj to biin"' out what qualities they possess." rnoM the Tinus wo leam that stops lune been liken to open up a load fiom Poit Douglas to the Cannibal Cicek tin mines, It wa» tigtccd that a letter be wiitten to the Douglas Divisional Boan! i opulent nig the neicsaity of opening up loiuiuuniiation be- tween Poit Douglas and the Cannibal Ci eck tin minc». It wa» pointed out that at piosent all the tralhc went to Cooktown, and as Air. M'Donnld had »aid that a good load wa» ob- tainable to Poit Douglas it wa» thought dosiiablo that they should make an effoit to »ccurc the tiufllc. T¿lu.kai ric communication with ¡sydney was interrupted last night, and we are consc quently without our cable and intci colonial messages. We areinstiucted by tho Commissioner for Railways to stuto that all the usual facilities for visiting the Warwick show have been pro Aided, and that in consequence of the postpone mont of the shoiv from Wednesday to Thur» day to meet the wishes of his E^ccllenc) the Goa ei nor, instiuttions haAO been gum to tho xauous station masters to extend excursion tickets, so that they may be available for return on Friday instead of Thursday, the date adver tiscd in bdls The bills themselves could not be altcied, as they were punted before the change of elate was decided upon bj the society Av alarming accident occuned m Queen street on Saturday morning One of Jenkins « Fortitude Valley omnibuses was being di ia en in the direction of Pctne's Bight when a runaway horse attached to a spring cart came down Creek street and ran into it The 'bus was knocked ovei on its side, and one of the wheels collapsed, but all the passenger» of Avhora thore were some three or foin, escaped without injuiy. The polo of the bus was | smashed and one of the horses fell but the dm er (named Crow) promptly spran ' from the box and was on the horses head before it could do any mischief The pluckn ness of his conduct was not realised until a minute or two later, when it was found from his groans that he had been injured m the collision The poor fellow was cairicdto the nearest chemist's shops, and after being examined he was taken to the hospital with, it is supposed, a broken collar bone The spnng. cart passed on uninjured, and was afterwards captured tvithout further mishap The run away belonged to Mr James Claikson, of Indooroopilly, who stated that while he Avas away from the cart serving some cus tomers in Bradley sttect, his horse had been alai meei by some dog», and had bolted Another i unaway which at one time appeared likely to hate eAcn more serious results than the accident in Queen stiect, occuned last evening m South Brisbane Mr Duncan Sinclair was dm ing with Mrs Sinclair along Vulture street, on their way to church, and when ncai the Oddfellows' Hall the horse became unmanageable. It galloped «lovvn the steep bill at a furious late, ciosaed Stanley street, and went some httle distance up Vulture stiect on the othei side, it then baa ei a ed suddenly to the right, going down on to the rocky ground below Aftei getting into Stanley street the horse again swerved, but wa« pulled up in trying to cross the gutter opposite tho Dry Dock. Mr Sinclair is to be con gratulated on hiving retained his presence of mind, as otherwise he and Mr» Sinclair, tv ho was with him, could not possibl} have escaped a very scuous accident In regard to the murder of Mi Bcresfoid and his four tioopers by the blacks ncir Clon eui l'y, reported among ourtcle"iamsafcw da)» ago, the Commissionci ofPolne has recen ed the following tclcgiam fiom Normanton - " Just ícccived infoi tnation Mi Beresforel and foin tioopoi», of Avhoni he av is m chat gc, mm eleicd by blacks on Chitswoith tun, about seventy milos fiom Clonciuij Scigeant Lacy and mvistiate and seton Aohmtccrs IcaAing foi scene of mindel Mr Bciesfoiil was a cadet ofhcci, haAing joined the foi co at a com paiitnely îeccnt date ruithoi details of tin« tci i lble affair w ill be aw utecl w itb anxiety VxrOM the pisscngcis by the Qimaing on Tiiday last was the Hon J L Faisons, Mmistei foi Education in South Austi alia The bon gentleman's stnx in Bi isbnic w is x ei y biief, is he left bj the same boat foi Macknj ACatcielaj One of his objects is to make in quines i carnding the liboui question, as the Pnlnmcntof his colony hate lccently pissed an Act foi the liitioduction of coolie laboui into the Northern lerutoij As Muustci foi Education he will ilso take notice of the tv oik in"'of otu 1 ducition Act Hi will piobably tetuin to Husbandry this weeks bott, Avhcn hi will lmi fuithei oppoitunitj of seeing the southern put of the colon} Biguding his a istt to "Mackay, the lf<¡¡r«i¡/siAS -'WeliaAe been infoi med 1)} Mt Hume 11 tck JILA, th it In hi» i cecil ed a telegiam fiom Sir T M Hw i itb iimoitncing tit it the Hon J P ii soih ai ill minc in Mackay on the btii of I obi tilley As it Ins now become quite clou Hint it i» tin intention of South Australia to compete wlth Queens] mil m sugar giowin,. it i» safe to assume that Mr P iraons s object is puncipnll) to asceilaniAvhcHtertropical laboui -that is to «a), the cffoits of otu Pall acquuntanccs no conducive to the accumula tion of igi lcultin ii wealth It is to be hoped ho w ill not be «hs ippointcd THE English cricketers were entertained on Saturday evening at the Queensland Club, after which they spent the rest of the evening with the Johnsonians. Yesterday, accom- panied by the Hon. A. Archer and Mr. Justice Cooper, they proceeded up the Range by special train to Toowoomba, where they re- ceived a hearty reception from the inhabitants. After luncheon at the Royal Hotel some of the team went to Picnic Point while others drove to Gowrie and other places of interest. The party returned by special train, which left Too- woomba at 4.30 and arrived in Brisbane about 9 o'clock, much pleased with their trip up country. To-day the team will proceed to Sandgate, where a pigeon-shooting match of eight a-side is arranged. The ball to be held in the Albert Hall should prove a great success. The committee have spared no pains in pro- viding for the decoration of the hall, and their attention has been especially directed to keep- ing the room as cool as possible. To this end a large punkah has been provided, which will be kept in constant motion, and large blocks of ice will be placed in suitable places to help to keep the temperature as low as possible. THE following tenders were opened at the Commissioner for Railway's office on Satur- day :—For the construction of rolling stock foi Southern and Western and Mar) borough Kaliwi)s Poilitt and Filshie for 00 bogie timber waggons, foi Southern and Western KulwaA, WISO nine months T G SprmgiU, % hop] u waggon1? foi Sonthcin and Western Bailnti), i2!00, nine months , Pointtantl Til slue, £2toO, foi lOliopj ei w algous Southern and Western ltiilwi) lime month» S Smllitoand Sonss for 20 timbei waggons foi Southern and Western Kaliwi), £2*10 lime months , and foi 20 ho] pet w ag"ons UoOQ nine month«, Gufhth Bio« and Co, £>>0, six months, for 2 (l)iinmito waggon» £2w0 foi 20 timber wng"ono, and e20b5 foi 10 hopper waggons-a» poi specifnitions, Biookc and Co, for » d)uamito waggon« ion, six months, for 20 timboi waggons, iloSO nine months, foi W hoppci wasons, £2220, eijiteen months, B Babbilgi foi 10 hoppci waggons, £2400, nine months, foi 20 timbei waggons £27l>0, nine months, foi 2 «Ia minite w logons SUO, six month» foi 0 timbei wa"¡,on , Mai)beiough KoilwaA.i-lH.O P 0. Spiingall £U0, twelve month« foi 10 timbei waggon« Mmjboiough Bailvva) , foi 2 d)nannte waggon '.HO, six months, foi 20 timbei waggon» ¿"21 »0 umo mouths, C M luting, £2218,30hoppci waggon«, specified time DiKiNO tho week ending 3id rebruai), 20.» saloon and ISO steel ago passcngeis hato arriAecl in Busbanc pel steamet fiom tho Southern colonies, and 132saloon and 121 stceiagopas sengcrs bax c left this port for tho South, THÉfrE is at last some chance of the long» talkid-of gymnasium coming to an issue»" The building lately occupied by the Queensland Clothing Manufactory, situate in Ann-street, has been offered the committee on advantageous terms, and tenure haH been taken for six months, with the option of a further length of time if rcn«ired. The building is in every way admirably adapted for gymnastic exercises, with, perhaps, theoxceptionof the crossbeams, for tr»i>eze work, these being a little frail, but theywin easily be strengthened. At the hist special meeting the committee were empowered to jmrcliose the necessary apparatus should a roam be obtained, so that now the difficulty is overcome, it is to be hoped the building will be fitted up without delay, and operations com- menced for the benefit of Brisbane gymnasts. By advertisement, it will be seen a committee meeting is called for Wednesday, *t the Globe, to discuss matters relating to the fitting up, and to see about obtaining apparatus from the other colonies. We trust that matters will now pro- gress favourably, and that the long-felt want of a gymnasium being settled, the many athletes of the city will show their sympathy by becom- ing members, and endeavouring to make the affair a success. The Nundah Divisional Board held its usual monthly meeting at the offices, Protestant Hall, Ann-street. Present-Messrs. J. F. Buck. land, M.L.A. (chairman), D. F. Longlands, W. Hawkins, T. Rielley, J. W. Lee, J. Handford, T. Bridges A. Rodé, and D. J. Childs. The returning-officer reporteel that Messrs. T. Ridley, J. Handford, and D. J. Childs had been duly elected for subdivisions 1, 2, and 3 respectively. Mr. J. F. Buckland'was again elected chairman. The Finance Committee's' report, recommending the payment of £275 16s. for wages, etc., and the balance-sheet for 18S2, were read and aeloptcd. Inspector's report, recommending £8 to bo granted for road near Mr, Holmes's tannery, was adopted. He also recommeneled that the Subject of A. Ncidlcr's petition should stand over. The following recommendations were adopted namely, an expenditure of £10 on Adelaide street, Albion ; £45 on Sandgate-rood ; and a grant of £35 on Zillmon's Waterholes-rood. A clause showing alternate roads to Eton School from Nundah Railway station, and giving an estimate of the cost, was referred to the Improvement Committee. £10 were granted for Buchanau's-road, Nudgee,also several other amounts for subdivisions 1 and 2. Several petitions were' referred to the inspector, to be reported on. The inspector's annual report was read, from which it appears that the esti- mated income of the Board for the ensuing year will be about £2200, and the inspector suggests a considerable diminution in the work- ing expenses and recommends a fresh valua- tion. Tho report was adopted, with the ex- ception of two clauses, one referring to bye law No. 4, which the inspector stated had become a dead letter, the other concerning improvements in tho new offices of the Board. These clauses were left over for consielcration at the next meeting. A committee was appointed to select and report upon a site whereon to erect a board-room ntul inspector's house. Leavo of absence was granted to the secretary. Messrs. \X. Hawkins, J. W. Lee, and ». J. Childs were unanimously appointed members of the Improvement Committee, anil Messrs. D. Longland and J. Handford were appointed Finance Committee. The Sließehl .Telegraph (C) says:-"The stylo of the new Law Courts is impressively symbolical of .the state of English low. The exterior is lofty of mien, austere of aspect, and has in the majesty of its mere massiveucss a certain grim and gloomy grandeur. The idea of it might have been caught in a young architect's dream of the sort of palace, half prison, half fortress, that would have suitetl home burly baron of Brobdiugnag. The interior is ti vast labyrinth imperfectly lighted, and iii this respect also the edifice well symbolizes the law ; for it is easier for a novice to lind his way into it than to find his way out. The money that built the place constitutes of itself a pathetic memorial of tho ways of British law ; for the millions expended in con- structing the frovi ning edifice were all made up of unclaimed leavings that had accumulated in the Chancery and Bankruptcy Courts. How many broken hearts, how many ruined lives, how many wrecked ventures, how* many litiga- tions fought out on the Kilkenny cat principle, oro represented in the towering masses of stone which now face with sullen and severe dignity the Strand. In another respect Mr. Street's great work resembles the law. It requires to be mopped and codified so that a simple mon may not loso his way in it. Possibly there was n spice of Dontean satire in Mr. Street's con- ception of the morose magnificence suitable for the huge building which was to bo paid for with the money of suitors who had vanished to ghost-land beforo their suits were ended." A e;oititK.sroxi)E.\r of the Port Douglas Uiromclu at Cairns writes as follows, under date 17th January :-.' Cairns during the week lias been honoured by a visit from tho Vigilant, Inspector Douglas in command. The weather ¿m the coast has lieon too boisterous for her to reach her head quarters, so that she still rides at her anchorage near the Customs jetty, lniring his stay hero Inspector Douglas matle one moro fruitless attempt to civilise the blacks, but tho children of the forest must Have been made aware of his coming." Without any flourish of trumpets the now ijirla Grammar School was opened yesterday morning (says the Maryborough Chronicle of i uosiuvy last ), w hen tho year's course of lessons began, lhero was quito a flattering increase ot members, mid the scholars presented a .smart appearance, Ivotokening the success of the scholastic institution. Thirty-four girls wore m their places in tho largo lecture-room at wilt-past ii, mid as ten moro have signified their Intention of arriving within tho next lew days, the total increase upon last quarter will bo just twenty-namely, forty-four alto- gether. A number of porcnts visited tho «hool prior to the beginning of school duties. v> e behove the formol celebration of opening tue school will toke place at a future date. In jue Uoys (¡ramiiinr School opposite, wo arc in JoriBcd that tho numbers will amount to about ! 'Vît1110 ?s ,llst ".»arter, thirty-seven. Now mat the girls have gone into their own proper tar ors, Mr. Murdoch, tho head master, and lu» able staff of assistants will have abundant car°"'m0 for l,m's"inK their ennobling ?i,GooV' 'SV,'3 .".rived in town last night from eue .»»tar Stiver mines of the Colorado mino Y?,1,* "i0 T°m>*rille Rullelin of the 29th January). For the post three months the Çneigetic manager, Mr. Kaufmann, has been ?",.'i '««»d work" ¡n the shape of tunnelling U.1-Î iho l0¿c- °» Frid»y last ho struck the ,,auiat a '"«toiicc of about Soft, from the K"1'.0' the tunnel. There is about 4ft. of a «odo between clearly defined walls, 2ft. of which lll^bt so ld S»1««-«»- Our informant saw moeia of galena removed that required four ont :? PAftC0 í".c,s m a harrow and wheel them nW,^ V10 'V'"'0, Several such blocks liavo already been brougVt to tho surfaco, and Mr. STm V"nk,s, .*«.»? wit'» the few men at Pteseut employed he ¿an raise six to eight tons ti!JÍ fi"1 oro weekly. From this news it seems rnîto-tlle n?,".co(:3s of tho Colorado mino is eeitam. lins important news will be certain llivS. f-W "I'1"'1 t0 »'"«ing on tho Star «in er, which has somewhat languished lately. lu»« HEÎfJ-Y Stevexsox announces in the ti.« ,. ,m Ar0"" tnnt ho ha« n-ííaiti received tue lory l,i^raj gift of i.T0Kuin«is from Sir W. l«t«í. i '.Ua?" t0 ho compel«! for at the ?5»*n»il, Champion Ploughing Match of hu, i «""'cn' for competition in plough coT-Jii o0 «"'»«»» for the manufacturo of a in»?., i i'Tn,,'er MuX b''ider; the latter prize is tend« * to,,bo "lc',',ní>ed. »o states that ho in iletnn tofCftll.a meeting in April to arrange the for ,Vi v-wa' *c'< "Iltl nlli0 to bring forward tim fi,,"uT,n tho capabilities of the colony, to fntmnc.,Bl co»'»'tloii of agriculturist?, nnd iiUwe.pvospccts of colonial farming." , It appears that Sydney is to luvve its elephant ' by-antl-by. We learn from the Herald that tho, secretary of the New South Wales Zoological So- ciety has received a vcry-polite letter from tho director of the Royal Siamese Museum and Gardens. This gentleman writes that he has been commanded by his Majesty the King of. Siam to thank 'the society for their contribu- tion to his zoological collection, sent under the care of Captain Lc-ouovvcu», anel to say that his Majesty is willing to present a young elephant to the society as they desired. He also state» that his Majesty the King of Siam is willing to establish «rechanges with the society, and specifies as things which would be acceptable, gay-phnmigcd. birds, Australasian and Fijian plants, araucarias, ferns, especially Todeas, fine croton», anel »cods of the Australian blue and large white nyinphieas. The Kxaminer thus chronicles an act of bravery whereby the life of a child was savcel near the Warwick railway station on Thursday afternoon last. Shortly after the Stanthorpe train had left the station, and had attained a considerable speed, "the guard" (W. Furness) espied a little child bolonging to Mr. Joseph Mulhall sitting on the line opposite Messrs. Garget and Co.'s offices. He at once applied the brako and gave the alarm to the engine driver. Tltey managed to diminish the speed of the train, but not sufficiently to stop it before it reached the spot where the child was sitting. Seeing this, and realising the dan- gerous position Avhich the poor little thing avus in, the fireman jumped off the engine, at the risk of his own i life, and saved the child by picking it up and moving it off the line. The fireman (Alfred Drew) escaped injury, save an abrasion of the side through contact with the train. Such an act is deserving of the highest praise, for had those in charge of the train not been very attentive to their duties there is not the slightest doubt that the poor child would have been mutilated. A most tlecid«?d and emphatic negative was given by the ratepayers on Monday (says the Gympie Times of Wednesday last) to the council's proposal to borrow £30,000, more than two-thirds of the whole number of ratepayers on the roll having recorded their x'otcs against incurring such an amount of indebtedness to carry out a tvatcrworks scheme. The number of votes registered at the Gympie polling place -the Masonic Hall-was 2S9; at tho Odel fcllovvs' Hall, 214 ; and nt the Miners' Insti- tute, One-mile, 280 ; total, 7S3. The polling shows that the feeling of opposition to tho loan was not. contine«! to liny particular part of the field, but was very general. Every sensible man will, wc think, agree that it is Avell this vexed question has been fairly disposed of at last, for so long as it was kept open it was bounel to overshadow and have a material effect in the settlement of municipal questions quite distill. t from it in character. The Standard says i-" It is well worthy of note that the opening of the new Law Courts coincides with the completion of half a century of the most elrastic and successful law reforms known in English history. The severities of the penal code were recognised,' deplored, and partially mitigated by Romilly and Mackin- tosh. But it. was not till after 1832 that the punishment inflicted upon cattlc-steulcrs was relaxed,-or thnt any »ort of forgery avus r,c niovetl from the category of death offences ; and it was not until 1830 that the counsel of a prisoner under trial for felony was allowed to address the jury on behalf of his client, or that a longer interval than that of ono day was per- mitted toa criminal condemned to death between sentence and execution. In tho first year of lier Majesty's reign the list of capital offences was reduced to seven. In 1S38 there were Uti sentences of death ; four years previously there had been 4S0. These reforms have continued since at a proportionate rate, anel tho retro- spect which wo may take to-day of the improve- ment in tho machinery of latv effected «luring the present reign i» satisfactory at all points. Many thing» seem to mox-'c together to en- courage the hope that the pageant of yesterday may bo fitly taken to mark ' the fair beginning of a time,' and that justice will in tho future bo a» much better administered as she will henceforth bo more conimodiously housed." A ballot meeting of tho Queensland Club will be helel this afternoon. Thk eloposits in the South Brisbane Weekly Penny Savings Bank on Saturday last amounted to £0 ii«. The resignation of Chas. Campbell M'Calluni of his commission as infantry brigade adju- tant ami musketry instructor of the Queensland Volunteer Force lins been accepted. The poll for the Ithaca Divisional Board election will take placo on Friday, tho 13th in- stant. The candidates nominated arc Messrs. Jesse Paten and Joseph John Lade. Tm:iti: was a fair attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening at the " Hapw Hours " entertainment. For this evening an entire change of programme is announced, in- cluding three new pieces. Tin: following are the names of magistrates on tho roster for this week :-Messrs. F. Beattie, A. R. Byram, J. R. Dickson, T. Freney, G. Grimes, A. J. Hocking.«, 15. A. Kingsford, B. Mark», W. J. Page, J. Potts, R. R. Smellie, T. Unniack, and J. L. Zillman. CitAKTi'.us Townin» is proclaimed a place for the holding of a Circuit Court. The Townsville circuit district xvill now comprise the police districts of Burke, Cardwell, Etheridge, Gilberton, and Townsville, while the Charters ToAvors district Avili comprise the polico dis- tricts of Charters Towers mid Capo River, and Ravenswood. The Queensland Medical Boarel announce in Saturday's Gazette that .1. II. Poland, of Brisbane ; T. Ridgley, of Townsville ; W. D. Bowkett, of Herberton ; and G. T. Hockin, of Goodna, have been admitted as meelicul prac- titioners. Also, that L. C. Dunne, of Cunna- mulla has been admitted as chemist ami drug- gist. The folloAving arc gazetted as trustees of the Grammar School for Boy», Brisbano :-The Hon. Sir A. H. Palmer, K.C.M.G.; the Hon. C. S. Mein, M.L.C; tho Hon. E. B. Forrest, M.L.C; and Mr. John Scott, M.L.A.; Sir Charles Lilley, the Chief Justice of Queens- land ; Hie Hon. S. W. Griffith, M.L.A.; and Mr. L. A. Bcrnays. In* their annual report the directors of the Gympie Gas Company »tate that tho excava- tion for the gas holder is nearly completed and would have been finished ore this but for tho late inclement weather. The directors have been informed by tho contractors that over 200 tons of the pipes have been landed per Shenir, and that the balance of tho plant was shipped in October per the W. H. Watson, winch is expected to arrive daily. The build- ings will bo commenced immediately, and Messrs. Walker and Co. state they have no doubt they will be finished within the specified time. Since the last general meeting the directors have only called np 4s. lid. per share, but as Messrs. Walker and Co. Avili soon bo requiring heaA-y payments, and as in all probability the tvorks will be completed before the next half-yearly meeting, they recommend that the incoming directors call up tho balance of the capital as speedily as possible. At a meeting held in the Roma Town Hull, on Wednesday last, it was resolved :-"(1) That, in the opinion of this meeting, it is de- sirable to extend tho Southern and Western Railway from Roma to St. George ; (2) that such extension would ensuro for this colony a large portion of tho traffic of our southern border, Avhich now finds its way to Now South Walo» ; (3) that tho urgency for arresting such traffic necessitates the construction of an exten- sion from the nearest possible point on the Southern and Western line, which is Roma, and which route will be the shortest and easiest to construct and tap country most suitable for settlement ; (I) that this meeting pletlgcs itself to support the people of St. George in attaining this object ; and (.i) that a deputation, consist- ing of his Avorship tho Mayor, Messrs. J. Carter, A. M. Hertzberg, R. W. Stuart, and D. Salmond, wait upon the Minister for Lands and Postmaster-General on their approaching visit to Roma, and placo the above resolutions before them tvith a reqnest that they bring the matter before the Cabinet." At the City Polico Court on Saturday, before the police-magistrate, and Messrs. R. Porter and J. Sinclair, JJ.P. (as per roster), and Messrs. J. Forsyth anti W. Hughes, JJ.P., Philip Cramer and Thomas Turner, for being drunk mid disorderly, and John M'Farlane, for drunkenness, were each fined ös., Avith the alternative of six hours in the cells. Michael O'Brien was fined £4, Aiith the alternativo of sixteen days' im- prisonment, for being drunk and disorderly, using obscciielangunge, and assaulting constable Morrisey ; and for destroying the constable's uniform ho tvns fined 1». mm ordered to pay Sis., the amount of damage done, or sulfer seA'on day.»' imprisonment. S. Sytnnics was fined a total sum of £111s., and ordered to pay £2 G»., or to undergo nino days mid tw'olvo hours' incarceration for being drunk on tho cricket ground, resisting the police, and dama- ging constable Fitzntaiince's uniform. Patrick Byrne, for drunkenness, tras fined £1, with tho alternative of twenty-four hours in tho colls for drunkenness, Frank Wilson, charged with larceny, nnd George Daintree, charged with having no lawful means of support, ivcrc both remanded till to-day (Monday;. 