\- MISCELLANEOUS-NEWS; - : Wie'lAnilm Prt'niiHffrTimiet fa tea ithat. some time ago a BuEslan/sacaRf /suggested, that the nso of black paper and i white ink .would be -more , bene ficial to the preservation-of-eyesigfat' than are the .paper. end. ink- now in. use,; No; publisherphas as yet seal WI .way 10 -carry. out. lots, icxuriu ,; uui, uu tboother band, ah experimeni'is being' triedhy the Bubstituuon of I brown, ink'/fof /black, .it being an- "n'6hh'ced-that',''b6tb th'e!Slevehsbn edition of Miss .'Ahsten's works'and Mrs, Kemble's notes upon . wine1 of Sbskespeaife's plays, which Mri 'Behtley is phbliin1 are/td appear printed" throughout ;m brown ink.' -The' contrast - between' the paper and the 'ink is thus' lessened,- by which the reader's eyes are not likely toibe benefited, i, . . \- -Why do morc boys die- than girls ? (inquires the Pall Mall i Gazette: /For. every : hundred girls bom - into : . the : world I : there ; are , ; onq. h un- dred. and: four'. boys„:: and ; it need.; to bj imagined- that - the "extra; four- boys were sup plied .in. -.'order to / meet . the . extra / wear and . tear of lifeiwbicb/ must.bb borne by , the bread- ' winners' of Ithh/wotld. But the odd thing to'which Hr/Biddle calls attention in a medical 'dohtem- pbraiy is that! the extra i per. cent.- of -boya is wiped out by1, death .before tbey attain the -age of five/ Whyls this-?' Dr. Biddle makes two sag- gestions, first that the greater " waste'.' of boys may be dne-to-tbeir higher-organisation ; and secondly, that.it may be due.to the fact that our little boyB are given/over ''to the tender mercies of mothers and maidFj instead of being reared by .those who understand them.!', "Those who under- /sta'nd/tbem". would seem to refer to persons of their own sex, so thait Dr. Middle wonld seem to lo ok With favour npoh the appointment of : male nurses for male infants. The' nou- medical observer would be,. inclined to accept heavy odds that; , if ' Dr. -Biddle'a suggestion, were acted upon, the." w.stc" of the .higher organism, instead of being refluoei , wbuldjincr.ease/at a very alarming raliplndeed. Spepking of .theatrical matters (says the London l'igard),\t\o rather remarkable that a great city like Constantinople should be unable to. support -either an opera or.tbeatra. , The Tutk?, of. coarse, are not given to/such 'amusements,' but', the Chris tian population is/very large, and contains a great number of well-to-do' people, who; 'would quite .SCOUb 'lUQ luUrt Ul lUVtl uub.uariug nttjuuut ait the tssteB of "civilized life. . Cafu-chunthnts there , are in profusion; andUdlier. Zsph;rine,".L3bnfine. Julie, and the /rest of , the loose ideal sisterhood having WoVn' out their suceess and freshness at! the Parisian Alcazar, .bring their equealing voices' and amatory wriggles' to ihe' stage of its-. Byzantine namesake':, Constantinople had a very decent opera bonBoat'one time, but it was burnt in the .great lire, and nobody -has since'; been found with sufficient courage' or ' enterprise to bnild another." In the days of Abdul Aziz, the lessee received a' hand some yearly allowance from the Civil List ; but Abdul Humid, in spite of bis love of music, is-not at "nil inclined "to indulge in- a similar : piece of patronage.' /Although there -is no regnlar theatre, we receivo occasional visits from smallr, theatrical 'troupes doing'tberound of the Levant ports. We bavo one of them here now, Giving all. the grand operap, '"Aida," " L'Africaine," " Moi'se,!' and the " Prophet;" on a stage. some 25. feet wide, with a pemmnrl ot 30,' all - told; including the cboras. of indigenons production. I was much amused Inst night at the; performance of " Moses in Egypt." Hamlet without the ghost was nothing to it. Imagine the whole body of fugitivo Israeli ties re presented by 10 men and women, and Pharoah's pursuing ho 3t -by 12 seedy-looking knock-kneed individnals -in Grecian helmets and Roman armour ! The province of Amazona0, Brazil, exported last year 199 tons of sarsaparilia. The zarza vine grows in the swamps, in soil that in Canada is known as " black muck," and the collectors often spend weeks in these marshy polls. The roots arc traced'nnd raised with a sharp Etick, bat the vine is not disturbed; the roots baing cut oil near the slock, which is covered up with a little earth, so that fresh roots may grow, and a fresh harvest be gathered. ' A lady resident in London writes to a Bombay journal: — "A reaction against the yery late hours of fashionable dances has introduced into the upf er middle classes that form of entertainment known as 'Cinderella dances,' at which the guests appear immediately after din ner/about 9 o'clock, and leave at midnight, us did the fairy-tale limdcn of the glass slipper. ThiB kind of thing commends iteelf to common sense/and is a step in the right direction. By degrees the hours for meals in England arc being pnthed forward later and later, and soon we shall find that the people who do things because they are 1 the thing will be dining in the middle of tbc night. The luncheon hour is now 2 or half-past ; '5 o'clock' tea makeB its appearance at 0, and dinner is hopelessly unfashionable if eaten earlier than half-past 8, which really means n quarter to 9, It is now practically supper, such us the one groat meal of tbcancient Uomanf, but, to paraphrase the divine : 'We all know what it is, but we know not what it will-be.'--. Some one ought to slop the dinner hour in time — head it, and turn it hick again— or it will inn away with our appetite for breakfast,"- The London Solicitor's Journal cites a somewhat embarrassing legal question which has arisen at WashingloD. A surgeon who hud amputated both the ieg3 of his patient claimed them as bis " per quisites," placed tbem in spirits, and exhibited them in the local museum -in a jar labelled with the name of the original owner. The latter object ing to this' publicity, brought an action for the recovery of his legs. No decision appears to have been arrived at; but tho authorities of the museum are naturally somewhat anxious as to the result oi the case, inasmuch a?, if the plaintiff succeeds, various olher limbless individuals nre likely to follow his example, and so the museum may, in- the course of time, be robbed, of much . of its scientific value and personal interest. Wehesitnte. adds the journal, to give an opinion on a point oi' so much difficulty ; but ;.wo suggest - that- the museum authorities should take their stand upon the principle that the legs; when severed; became \- dead,-and-that nt common law there is no property in a dead human body. ' No doubt a great number of persons (remarks thn HrftHtnnrno tiai<A nAL'»n>l uu>y uuuueu n tvuuiuu about 45 or 50 year3 ,of age, who is almost always to be seen either seated on ' the side door of the Baintow Hotel, or standing nt tho corner of Swanston and Little Collins-streets. This woman, who is of . German nationality, is possessed with the strange delusion thnt she is to obtain £100 from sonre mysterious person. She is generally attired in a black stuff gown, shepherd's plaid shnw), and straw hat. The woman matters to her self in a mysterious way,' but speaks to no person. On two or three occasions she has appeared before Mr. Cull, P.M., in hiB private room for examination. These examinations, howovcr, have always re vealed the fact that sho is quite harmless, hut u monomaniac on the one subject — that some one bas left ber a legacy of .-E-100, and that she will receive it at the comer where she site. -She takes her seat at about '5 o'clock in the morn ing, and.stays about the corner until 4 o'clock p.m. Mr. Call advised her not to speak to any person but the police, and, .consequently, sho refuses to speak or to entcr into conversation with any person who may.address her. The woman owns property in. North .Richmond valued nt a considerable amount. - Ttvo brick cottages, valued at £050, be long to ber, and she also owns two wooden honses in the same locality. She lies-made an agreement whereby no money, is paid on her account without the signature of her eldest son, a young man about 22 years of age.! i Altogether the delusion -is a very singular one, and there can he no doubt respecting its hallucinating character. A mine has recently beenfound in tlicmoualiins near Salzburg, Austria, which gives indications of having been' occupied and abandoned at least 2900 y cam ago,; uuniains a targe - ana contused mass ot timbers, which were used for support, and a number: of .miners' . implements. The timbers \ were. notchod and sharpened, but were |6uhject to an inundation, and. left in .confused heaps. The . implements were mainly ; wooden /shovels, axe- handles, etc. .AmongLthe'relics,'alM, .wbb a basket ' made of nntanned raw hide, a piece o( cloth woven . oi coarse wool, -the fibre of, which is, very even, and still in good preservation, and a torch boned 'together j with flax fibre.;- The probability is that'the ancient I salt-miners were overtaken by. the .flooding! of tbe i mine; as mummefied bodies have been discovered i Else. .tTbe-fipd seemB.tq have belonged to' tbe pre- j iioonan time, as the "axe- handles were , evidently ; used for bronze axes, specimens 'of. , which have: .been :fqund upon the. snrface of the' mountain. The relics are of a high order, the basket being superior. even, to some that were need in the early ' historic times/ " Yes, "said a farmer, "barbed wire fencas arc , expensive, but tho hired man doesn't stop to rest 1 ; every time he i ns to climb it." j 