AUSTRALIAN POETRY. 'v>IR RICHARD GREXYTLLR'S LAST SEA-FIGHT. [By Jamks MVwhf*] ^■Groat ji the -joy in Pit-month Sound. Admiral lIoward'sMvpstwnrd bound T« sail the Spanish Main ; "'''■'■Good-lurk betide him on the foam, And may our gallant lads bring home The treasure fleetcf Spain. 'With twelve fall ships equipped for fight, "Well stored with victual, manned with might Of English heart and hand, Tried by battle; storm, and cold, J loth irrthe Ifevr World-and tlie Old, On water and'on land. ■' Bravo Devon lads from Tamar's side, ■ And totver-crowned Exe, whose waters glide Beside old Roman graves; And that rough coast where Lundy's isle Watches the western sunset smile Upon the dancing waves. And Cornish seamen rude and bold, ''From Falmouth Bay, and Penzance old, Born amid tempest, rocked'by storm Where the Band's End's stupendous form Breaks the Atlantic swell: Where it is said in caverns hoar, Lulled :by the waves' unceasing roar, Old giants sleep above the shore, As ancient legends tell. ' Jn vain we searched the ocean round, No Spanish treasure fleet we-found, *Bnt sore with sickness wasted; "We anchored 'neath the Isle of Fiorez J' ' And 'mid the soft wnd sweet Azores • i We lav in wait and'rested. j "Vigilant both by night and day, ?een as the swift hawks for their prey, We longed and watched and waited, ' But no sails flecked the ocean's rim, Our faith died out, our hope grew dim, Because no Spanish vessel came With gold and silver freighted. But in the crimson dawning Of aTovcly August morning We heard the look-out's hail ; -And on the sunlit main 'We saw the fleet of Spain Bearing up to give us battle before the morn ing gale. 'Oien coward thoughts prevailed, And every ship was hailed And bid to put to sea; Lord Howard led (he way, And after him from out the hay Eleven ships sailed sullenly. 'We brought our sick aboard, ' Our goods and water stored, Then at Sir "Richard's word We weighed anchor And sailed forth Wil h the great fleet of the foe " Closing on our weather bow, ■- To intercept and capture the lone one of the \- North. For through the' oiling, one by One, Proudly the Spanish ships came on, Anil on the decks beneath the sun We saw the flash of steel; Their huge sails to the breeze were spread, And streamed the flag from each masthead Of Leon and Castile. " Cut the mainsail^ Sir Richard, And give the Dons the slip, Little of the gift of speed have they, ' The chake-would wear the light ttnay, Cast about and trust to-day The sailing of thy ship." .Sir Richard laughed with courage stout, " I'll cilfc my sail and cast about, When they can turn me back ; Sliall it'be said that Englishmen Ever ran'hefore the ships of Spain ? Tliey're'fifty to one, but we'll bold our own, And break out tlirough them, or go down, • Right in our homeward track." And 60 ran on our bit of Tight sound English stuff, And the foremost of the Squadron when they met us sprung (heir luff 'And fell ben rath our lee, Till (he huge iiigh-oarged San Philip, ■Of full fifteen hundred (ons, Took the wind out. of our sails and o'erhung us with his guns, And we swung round for battle'to win our right of way. 1 *rom the giant 'oaken hulk, Heaving in to mountain-bulk, Came a'jovons Spanish cry : " Ha, we have you, English dogs, Now yield, you Lutheran rogues!" And our broadsides made reply; Through the hull the great shot tore, And above tlie eannbn-roar Hose our'English battle cry: Eight thiB day,-ye men of Devon, For England, Queen, and Heaven !11 Afar its echoes pealed, And ere it died our holts again : Crashed through the wooden walls of Spain, And with the shock upon the main The vessels rocked and reded. Then- they closed on every side Til (heir unger'ond their pride, And fierce their war-cry rang, ' And two'tall ships their broadsides poured, " Our limbers groaned,-our decks xvore gored, Ourifi'iin'TiaBE broke off by I lie bor-i'd, Afjti o'er the. bulwarks hung. The Brooke roei-'siowlv on the blast, The death shots pelted thick find last, \- As with our axes from the mast We strove tlie ship to clear; The decks grew slippery soon with blood, And mangled men 'mid splintered wood, Lay scattered everywhere. We toiled atr:d strove with desperate strength . A short bnt-Hreadful time,'atlength We eased' the ship again, Then to the fight with fiercer ire, In one continuous stream our fire 'Swept like an iron tempest dire Into the fleet of Spain. "While we were thus entangled with thc: mighty Spanish slijp, ■ Four other galleons boarded us to help the " San Philip?' • From hirboinfi and from-starboard whizzed the deadly drill, of shot, \- An<l the roar and rage of battle waxed grin:, and fierce, and hot; No time for war-cries now; With the black sweat on our hrow, ■And the'blood gouts on our elbtlics, ' We buried into the sea whole regiments of our£oes. 'With' inusket'butt and -pike, with -outlass and with sword, 1 We heal; tlicni back dike sheep whene'er they (Tied to'board. ' -Then we gave a mighty cheer in our honest Eng lish pride, \- And, poured a deadly volley on our foes on cither side, And'the welkin rang again '-Willi the wail and curse of-Spain, '"With'bhe crashiug of their spars and the rending . of their hulls. 'Like a wounded'lion fighting with a savage herd of hulls, "■"Our valiant-liLtle vessel kept the giant fleet at bay, JjHaul tlie rest been there to help us we haxl surely •wee the day. All "through the summer afternoon 'Tlras raged the battle, till the sun Setting, jpccsed-through Lbe smoke clouds dun, Yet still w held our on ; Ere twilight deepened into night Two Spanish vessels on our right Into the sea went-down. The stars came out on such a scene As they had ne'er behold, I ween, In all the battles that have been On oroan or on shore, And the proud Spaniards, too, had ne'er Of English strength and battle-cheer Such a sharp taste before. Ere midnight forty men were hilled, The wounded ones the cock-pit filled, Yet still we kept the deck ; Half choked with thirst, and grime, and blood, 'Mid broken guns, and heaps o{ wood, And shattered spars around us strewed, We fought upon the wreck. Sir Richard, shot to death, was carried down below, Crying, " Hold the ship, my lads, no yielding to the foe; Or sink her and go down like valiant Englishmen: Leave them nothing but their bruises <o carry back to Spain." There was but one on board to fake such heroic part, Our gunner, a stern mariner, after Sir Richard's heart, But the others wrenched his axe and cast it in the main, And locked him in his cabin, for he would him self have slain, Then they waited for the morning to yield the ship to Spaiu. And the Spaniards ceased from battle and lay round us in a ring, Fearing lest the dying lion might make a fatal spring, For they knew full well Sir Richard in his fierce and steadfast way Would rather blow the vessel up than yield to them the day. So when the morning dawned, we stood there on the week, All drenched with blood and slaughter from the ballast to the deck ; All the upper works in pieces, the masts gone by the board, And the hull with full eight hundred shot of great artillery gored. The lovely sunrise soou streamed o'er the black ened sea, And the Spaniards came to terms, and assented joyfully; And led on by the master who had dropped away to treat, They came and took the good " Revenge," and bore us to their fleet. And they bore Sir Richard G-renville on hoard the " San Paulo," With the courtesy and honor shown by brave men to their foe, And they crowded round to see him with words of praise and cheer, Though he took but little heed, for he felt that death was near. ■ His wound was deep and painful, yet he rose up in the bed, And spoke out strong in the Spanish tongue, that all heard what he said, " For religion, honour, country, Queen, I to the last have fought, And ended here my life as a faithful soldier ought; With joyful, quiet mind, I, Richard Granville, die, My soul out of my body departing joyfully, Leaving with my name the everlasting fame Of a valiant soldier true, Of one who did his duty as he was bound to do." With great and 6tout courage he thus rendered up the ghost, And amazement and dismay spread through the Spanish host; For the mariners and soldiers were oppressed with mighty fears, And the distant tempest's anger moaned boding in their ears ; For they deemed this Englishman Had cast on them a ban, And hade the devil raise a storm All his purpose to perform, As the dark and awful morrow Rose big with Spanish sorrow ; For the battle-shattered vessels could not stand the tempest's strain, And the "Revenge" and half their fleet went down beneath the main. As the sailor closed his story Of English fame and glory, Those around him poured their praise Of those heroic days When such high deeds were done ; When the great empire of the main, Was wrested from the grasp of Spain, Eternal hatred sworn to Rome 5 The sea-born greatness of our home, So gallantly and truly won. Thus oft our honest hardy sires ■By Cornish and .Devonian fires When winter winds were high ; •Told of the valour and the skill, And praised the indomitable will, ■ Which 'gainst such odds gave battle still, And scorned to yield or fly. [This poem was written by Mr. Moore, who in well known to un, tome years before Tennyson's Ballad of the lterenge was published in the ZTintteeidh CiivLunj lie via/} Ed. 4f.B C] 