THE OLDEST MAN. " Auebo Largo," or " Long-Hide," according to the English derivation of the Spanish word, burned himself to death at the Real del Castillo, California. For some time the old In-' dian had been feeble and unable to walk. During the recent heavy rains that fell in that region the old man sought refuge in a cabin near by. 1 Last week he crawled up to the house of Senor Francisco Parma and told him "he wasvery hungry. The latter gave him a gooddinner, besides furnishing provisions ,for future emergencies and then instructed the other Indians at the rancheria to care for him. They replied that they had always done so, as they entertained unusual reverence for the old man on account of his age. Thursday, the date in question, was a cold day in Lower California, and " Long Hide" was given an extra blanket by his dusky friends. This he soon tore into strips, put them 04 a fire and soon his " teepe" or brush house, was all ablaze. When this had been accomplished, despair for the moment seeming to $eize him, he plunged headlong into the burning mass. A stgut young Indian near by seized him and trfcd to drag him out of danger, but the old man grabbed a stake in the ground near by, hoed himself in the fire, and before other help opuld come was literally roasted alive, dying within a few hours after the occurance mentioned. " Long Hide" was married and the father of several children when the mission of San Diego was built, one hundred and twenty years ago, and from what he told parties who visited him he must have been not less than thirty years of age at the time. Three or four years ago he lost a eon who couldjremember when the mission was first built by Franciscan friars. This son must have been not less than 120 years of age; " Long Hide" told of the first settlement of Old Town years before the mission was built, of the coming of ships for water at Russian springs, and many things of great interest in the past history of San Diego and vicinity. Jaun Melcndrez who lives near the Real del Castillo, says he knew " Long Hide" fifty years ago and that he appeared nearly as old then as he did the week before he died. He says that the old man frequently beat the best horses owned in the country on trips to San Diego, one hundred miles distant from the Real, and that he oftenchased deer until they gave up with fatigue. 9 He would then capture them after they had laid down for rest. Until a year ago he was able to walk about and travel quite well. Since then he has been obliged to" crawl about on all fours, like a cat or dog. He retained his'sight perfectly and all the faculties'of mind up to the day he died.— San Diego Sun. DOWN IN THE DARK. Down in the lower levels of our mines, hundreds of feet below the surface of the earth, in the v dominions of Erebus, where darkness ever holds its reign unbroken by the light of day, are found some curious growths. The grass Valley Tidings makes the following mention of a specimen of this subterran- ean vegetation : " On Saturday some miners found a rather queer specimen in the 700 level in the Idaho mine. The specimen whieh was found among the timber, is a sort of fungus (punk, we believe the miners call .it), and is just the shape of a human hand. The hand has five fingers and athumb, and appears to be in a soct of cramped position. It is a singular looking specimen, and may be seen at the Wisconsin hotel." In the lower levels of the Comstock mines particularly those long abandoned or un used—are seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fungi. Some of these are of great size, almost filling up drifts, and seen by the dim light of a candle look like sheeted ghosts. Down below in the dark these growths seem to strive to imitate/the forms of things seen on the surface. In one of our mines was once found an imitation of a fancifully-carved meershaum pipe, stem'and all, so perfect that it would easily be mistaktn for the genuine article if not taken.in the hand and closely examined. Some of the. fungi resemble the horns of animals, and are from two feet to a yard in length, while others might pass for petrified devil-fish. —Virginia Enterprise. correspondent of the Rochester Post Express, describing the burning of a dwelling house in Clifton Springs, recently, says that because bf a peculiar state of the atmosphere curious spectacle was ( presented: The southern sky was illuminated by a broad crimson glare, and from the centre of this, extending far up into the sky, was a bloodred streak, such as is often produced by the explosion of a sky-rocket. TJfcfe 'Streak remained long after the reflection the blaze had died away. • / " •' iT.-is hard to personate and act a' part long, for where truth is not at the bottom, nature will always be, ei?4gavouring to ; ictiirn, ,an<F' R will peep out and betray "herself one time - or other.— Tillotson. To divert at any time a troublesome fancy, run to thy books ; they presently fix thee to them, and drive the other out of thy thoughts^ They always receive thee with the same kindness.—Fuller. . Naturalists say that a singly swallow will devour 6000 flieB a day. 