THE TiNTALlfS HUUND TABLE ..-.?- BRISBANE SCHOOL OF AETS. ?v .? ? x... xxvnr. ..; , . ?' BoskB, it uisy \ie auM, nro to tho mind what foods are to the Kdy— aliment; tmt oa witb food* so with took, noiio - voi' iiliMcd all palates, TUoso paper aro inttud d nsa aort of ampiiflcd bill of tho mind faro (Jioridod at the . choolof Arts, wheroby, moyhap, lusv business mon liku rujsolf sliall find their lmu ierin^' fir cuug. mill olioor provoked, and their nuost thoicoE fneUitand. Iif 18GR a book was published which caused no small stir in the religious world. Extolled by the advance of the liberal school of theology ; depreciated by tho opposite, eay oonservotivo, pnity; nay br.mdid by a certain piou», noble, anc^ philanthropic porson, as ' vomited from tho jaws of hell' -' Ecce Homo,' has paused through sixteen editions, and has done much to ihape tho libnr il thjught which so widely pro vails to-day. Published anonymously, the secret of its authonOiip was for sr.mo timo well kopt, feat at length the name of Professor Surlcy ?was iiiikodwi'.h it. Now wo have another volume froiiT tho snmc pen, the author's name Btill kept back. ' Nxtural Religion j by the author of Ecco Komo.' In ' Jicce Homo' tho aut hor sought to place bi f ore the wor!d what he regarded as a nobler conception of tho Chris:, than the concuption which the orthodoxy of the day seeks lo impose. In 'Natural Religion' he placjj before the norld i conception of a reli gion mor» consonant wish the advanced know lengo, finer feeling, und higher culture, of the timfrt. it is :i book lo set readers a-thinki' g — not a big book, but a full boak. In Part 1 wo hav« theory ; lu Part 2, practical application, in but.'. We r, calm, und withal enjoyable writ ing. This is all I neod sty about this book to ?ensure for it a fairly frequent, demand when it has been ndvunced to the shelf and circulation era of its School of Arti lit'o. A h-'okon Anthropology by ff.B.Tylor, onoof the forefront masters of the sience, will be wel*' corned by not a few of my co-member?. Son-.o of us aro well ' acqujnt' with Mr. Tylur us an author ; we know hi' blear, methodical attrac tive stylo of presentment, and in this volume I can assure all whom such an assurance may ?concern that they will find not a little to instruct and cctcrtain. Of man, ancient nnd modern, ?of miin's bodily structure, and of the varieiies of race and language; o£ the development Of' mun'B many-sidod life — intellectual uni social ; of his relation to other animals ; of the growth of the arts oE life, the arts of pleasure, of sctenco, and what not; by what stages wo ?civilised moderns havo reached the wider knowledge which the rude ancient' lacked, — the.-e and like topics are dealt with by Vlr. Tylor in this full nmmial of Anthropology. ' Curiosities of law and lawyers,' by Oroik James, U a. collection of, among othor things, funny f»aturo» of law and of funny things raid, ?and of funny thiugs done, by lawyers There .are really some curiosities in law, although aomo infatuated lawyer onco said that law ?was tho highost common seuso, or toinething of the sort; and lawyers have really dono and paid «ome funny things ; but they havo the credit of having mot'o than seldom t.\kim all tho fun out of other folks, for a timo at least. .'What a book of horrors might be mado out of ouriositios of lawyers in that direction ! Why, I once had tho notion that a man was trying to get out of me £25 more than ho had a right -o get, so I put my foot down and said, ' No, sir.' Thut man took the matter to a lawyer, the ilawyer took it lo tho Supremo Court, and the result of thoao various takings wj.6, 1 lost tho case. In consequence of tho porverseness of the judge, I was called on to pay the amount in dispute, and, in addition, give a cheijuo for over £90 to square a remarkable document call-d 'Plaintiff's Bill of Costs' I read down three or four folios o£ that docu ment and then slopped ; the curiosities of law, aud of lawyers knocked all tho possible fun out of me for a considerable time. A book mado up of ouriosities of that sort would bo highly entertaining, and, I beliove, very instructive, llr Croak James may take this ns a hint, write such a book, and givo mo a royalty on the sale of it. Mr. E. i- (Fvoude's foe) Freeman i3 a writer whoso productions are always worth reading, and I do not doubt this new volume of Us — ' Some Impressions of the United States' — will find pleased perusers. Tha book hus nothing of thi itinerary or tho diary about it. Totally unlikj Mr. T. S.' Hudson's ' Scamper ?through Ambrica ' und ai completely diffcr'Ht from G-. A. Sala's sparkling 'America Re visited' (both noticed in former papers of this series), it is wlttit it purports to be, and what its name indicates —a book of impressions. Mr. Freeman visitsd the United States, remaining thoro from October, 1881, to April, 1882. Theso pagos contain »tbe results of his observations of American society, politics, religion, educa tion, &c; , and none will read the volume with out condide:ablu cnlai'gamer.t of his knowledge of America and tho Americans. ' Wit aud Humour, from Punch,' by Shirley Brooks, is a capital little volume of witty and humoursomo puttie contributions by Biooks between the ymr's 1852 and 187*. Thelasl two pieces ' wore written on his death bed, and before they wore fairly beforo their readers the brain that had contrivod them was still, and tho hand that executed them was cold for ever.' The merest glance ? over tho book suffices to bring up, like ghosts of the pa«t, the chief social and political events of the poriod j whilo tho reading of tho pieces serves (according as its subject is grave or gay) to provoke a smile or to evoko regret. Tho title, ie moro compact than correct; for there is more tliua.wit auJ humour in tho book. Of the In. memoriam versos which have ap peared in Punch— verses of' rare boauty and forcj — wo havo in this volume five, at head of which atand rospoctively tho names 'Taulford,' ' Huvolook,' ' Derby,' ' Albert,' and ' Pal meraton.' ? ? Here is a Binall volume of the 'Nature Series,' benamed ' Charles Darwin ; memorial notices, reprinted from Nature.' Wo find first :an introductory notice by Darwin's friend and erstwhile interpreter, H.ixlny. Mr. -Romanes, author of the capital boo't on ' Animal Intelli gence,' contributes three papers, dealing reapeo ? tivflly with Darwin'? Hfo and character, his workinzoology,andhi3 vrork in psychology; Mr. Creikie, author oE tho latest and boat text book on geology, deals with Darwin's work in geology ; and Thiselton Dyer, tho f olk-loresman, with his work in botany ; the whole covering about ninety pages, easily readable at a short ?sitting. New, and now copies of old, novels havo been added to the library in such numburs as should satisfy tho moat ravonous dovouror of saoh literature ... ? ... ... VEISONrWAI. . August 15. Nothing galls the multitude more on any public occasion than to seo a fow privileged, or supposedly privileged persons, occupying a post of vantage, whiro they can see and hoar all that is going on. It was with a feeling, then, akin to satisfiodrevonge, that tho many beheld what bofel the few who awaited the result of tha poll for South Brisbane in tho fi.ont hall of th» Mechanics' Instituto instead of in tho street Xhoro was a self- satisfied air about these people thut greatly irritated those on the wrong sido of tho door. But pride -pride of placo— was to have a fall. Aftor long waiting the doors were opened, but instead of the returning officer aud his cortege, there appeared four stalwart polu-emen, bearing a largo table, with -whioh thoydroveovorything before thorn, sweep ing tho placo holders into the street, where thoy Trere received with decidedly ironical ohoors.' The tablo-turning was not, however, a bit of wantonness on the part of tho polioe. It was merely a mechanical device to make tho not too tall returning-omcor visiblo to tho electors when he announced the final state of tho poll f-' Town Talk ' in The Week. \- 'Good morning, Fogg,' said Brown briskly; ?how did you liko tho opera last night ?' ' Oh, ?so so,' unswor d Fogg, moodily; nothing strik ing about it except tho drumBtioks ' ' Come, come,' returned Drown, 'bo sorious. Didn't you think that bvavara passago with pizzicato .and appogiaturo embellishments waB lovolyp' ' I didn't see it,' replied Fogg, as beforo ; ' thero ?was only feathers and flowors and things on the one in front of mo.1 ' What aro you talk ing about, man?' cxclaimoc! Brown. 'That .girl's hat, of oourso. Wasn't youP' 'Good ,mornins,' snicl Browp, as ho turned tho cornor. 