THE TRAVELLER. PICTURES OF TRAVEL. By J. S. ROUND ABOUT PARIS. Paris resembles Rome in (his respect, that, as a general rale, directly you ate outside the fortifications you are in the country. There are do miles and miles o! suburbs stretching away towards all the points of the compass, and overrunning no inconsiderable portion of five counties, as in the metropolis of Great Britain. The real suburbs of Paris-Batig nolles, Montmartre, .La Villette, Belleville, Charonne, Bercy, Vangirard, Grenelle, Au teuil, and Paasy-lie within the enceinte, Yoa emerge from it, in all directions, to find your self in the Bois do Vinoennes, covering an area of npwards of 2,000 acreB, with ita Cbamp de Manoeuvres, half a mile wide, its model farm, lakes, and racecourse, and its famous fortress, memorable as having been the scene of the ju dicial murder of the Due d'Enghien, and its massive donjon, 170ft. high, which was the last of the strong; places held by the Communists in 1871, and would have been blown up by the explosion of the powder magazine if the man to whom the duty had been delegated had not committed suicide in preference to being shattered to atoms. The castie itself was originally a royal residence, and upon one of the villas no» far off is a tab et which records the erection on that spo; oi the Chateau Royal de Beaute by Cbarlee the Fifth in 1375, and the gift of it by Charles the Seventh in 1444 to his mistress, Agnes Sorel, who thence obtained the title of La Dame de Beavt&. Philippe Augusts en« closed tbe royal park wlth a deep moat and a high wall, and filled it with deer, which he imported for the purpose from England, and these were the progenitors, it is believed, of moBt of the herds of those animals now in France. Here St. Louis was accustomed to administer justice in the open air; here Philippe leHardi was married to Marie of Brabant; here died Jeanne, Queen of Navarre, and Louie the Tenth, and Cnarles Ie Bel, and our own heroic Henry the Fifth, King of ED gland and France, and Charles the Ninth, and Cardinal Mazarin. During the civil wars it was often besieged and captured; and it frequently served for the imprisonment of men and women of illustrious names and hiBtory. The three heroes of the Fronde, the Prince of Cond$, the Ptinoe of Conti, and the Due de Longueville, passed under its portals together. Crebillon, tbe younger, and Diderot were both confined within its walls; and so were tbe Mirabeaus, father and son, The treaty of the Pyrenees was ratified here in 1659; and the unpopular ministers of Charles the Tenth were sent to Vincennes to protect them from the violence of the people by Louis Philippe in 1830, so that the place is associated with not a few of the most impor tant events in the history of France. On the other side of Paris, in an exactly opposite direction, lies the beautiful Bois de Boulogne, accessible from the Avenue des Champs Elysees, from Passy, or from Autenil. It ib of tbe same area as the Bois de VincenneB, and originally formed part of the ancientforestof Rouvray. With the excep tion of a noble grove of venerable oaks, all tbe timber has disappeared, for the woo<! a as been twice devastated by an invading army by that of the allies in 181$, and by the Germans more recently. But it has been re planted, and 11 years have sufficed to convert it into an umbrageous thicket, and where KiDg Dagobert hunted the wild boar, and Arnauld Catelan, the court poet of Beatrice of Savoy, Cooatesa of Provence, was assassi nated by brigands, all the rank and fashion of Paris congregate during the season; and the place presents a brighter aspect than even Hyde-park, or Kensington-gardens, in the month of Jane. The Parisians are justly proud of it; for there is nothing of the kind comparable with it in Europe, I imagine. The view from Richmond-park and from Capodimonte is finer, and there are no sylvan cloisters in the Bois to equal the avenues of Windsor, Busby, and Hampton-conrt; bat a lavish expenditure has created such a com bination of foreBt and garden, lakes and waterfalls, of broad allies and winding wood paths, that you might spend a whole week in exploring its recesses, and Btill leave its beauties unexhausted. Close by the oaka spoken of above is a reatAurant, which occu pies the Bite of a chateau bailt by Francis the First, and afterwardaoccupied by Henry the Second and Charles the Ninth. An old mill, near the racecourse, has for its foundations all that remains of the abbey of Longchamp, built by the Princess Isabella of France, sister of Louia the Ninth. From it proceeded the road to the Calvary, which formerly crowned Hoant Valerien, whither theprincesB and the other inmates of the abbey need to proceed in Easter week to celebrate that religions festival with prayers and hymns. In coarse of time the singing of the Utter became so beautiful that the avenue of Longchamp was crowded with Parisians attracted to listen to it. This was the origin of the well-known Prome nade de Longchamp, at which the most elegant women in Paris ate in the habit of transforming themselves into advertising agents for the modistes of the metropolis. At least they do bo in ordinary yean; but there haB been no summer in 1882, and the result has been that there has been no flutter ing in the sun of the human butterflies thia year. The Pre Catalan, in the Bois, takes ita oame from the poet who, as 1 have said, waa murdered on ita site, and is sow a kind of Cremome-gardens; while La Muette, which, is separated from the wood by- the fortifica tion a, was formerly an aristocratic Mabille, and was occasionally visited by Marie AntoU nette, eziBts only in name. Bagatelle, which belonged to the late Marquis of Hertford, has a curious history. It was bailt, in Gi days, for the Cemte D'Artois, brother of Louis XVI., at a coBt of 600,000 livres, aud was successively occupied by Madame de Beau, harnais, Madame' Tallien, and the Duchess Of Berry ^ and in it its late owner collected those priceless treasures of art which he bequeathed at his death to Sir Richard Wal lace. The architect of Bagatelle was em ployed in 1780, by a farmer-genesat named Beaudard, to erect what . ia known as La Folie St, James; and no 1MS than a million and a half of francs were [expended in constructing an artificial mass of rock-work in the grounds. BoftHdard aftt*wards failed for twenty 'millions, ana died in poverty. The Dake of Wellington made the plaoe his residence after the battle ~ of Waterloo, and Madame Recamier, Chateau- - bri&od;, add Thiers have successively been its' inmates- Not tar off is the chalet which the' city (if Paris presented to the poet burnt' tine, and the house in which RoSiini, the composer, spent the evening of hit * On the winding banks of the lakes have been artificially formed and a honied of » great metropolis, and althoagh th& young forest ie kept in excellent order, it is not combed, and brushed, and polished to Buch an extent as to deprive its braky dingles and picturesque glades of the charm of natnralneBB. Two of the prettiest suburbs of Paris abut upon the Bois de Boulogne, Passy and AuteuU. The former is the favourite retreat of authore, actors, and concert singers; and in the latter,the names of two of the etreets and avenues remind you that Boileau and Moliere lived there. Within 10 miles of PariB are the forests of Bondy, Notre Dame, Senart, Seguigny, Ver rieres, Meudon, Marly, St. Germain, and Montmorency ; while that of Fontainebleau, covering an area of 42,500 acres, iB within an hour and a half's ride of the city by railway. Most of the other woods are easily accessible, and on a Sunday morning, the eight stations of the principal lines are crowded, when the weather is favourable, with Parisian families, who are going out for a day's rest and recrea tion, carrying with them baskets^ ot pro vision^ to be partaken of " under the shade of melancholy boughs." . " t * Of the forests I have visited, that of Mont morency is the most picturesquely situated, crowning, as it does, a lofty eminence, over looking a great extent of country, with the Seine, on its way to the sea, inscribing the letter S in glittering silver upon the surface of a lovely valley ftdl of gardens, vineyards, nurseries, and orchards, and with the city of PariB breaking the line of the horiaon, about 10 miles off, by the dome of the Pantheon, the twin towers of the Trocadero, and the massive bulk of the Arc de 1'IStoile. Upon the edge of the forest a brother journalist has bought a small domain, including a corner of the wood itself, thick with cheanut and walnut trees, populous with squirrels, and resonant during the early eummer with the song of the nightingales, where he and hie accomplished wife grow their own fruit and vegetables, and contribute to the journals and magazines of London and New York articles and correspondence in which one may detect a good deal of the freshness and bright ness of the scenery amongst which they are written. St Prix, the town in which they reside, is a type of most places of the kind in France. Half the inhabitants are related by marriage to the other half, and have strong local attachments. It contains a couple of hand some chateaux, each surrounded by a little pleasaunce; and most of the population belong to the bourgeoisie, They are poor to look at, and shabbily dressed; but yon must not judge by appearances in France. The old woman who site spinning in the sun at the door of the Bmall shop, dignified by the title of Mercerie (t Rouennerie, which means that she sells balls of cotton and worsted, and has a Email quantity of blue jean and ' coarse calico and thick worsted hose in stock, could produce, if need be, quite a large sum in napoleons or five-franc pieces, or their equivalent in the actions of Borne public company. For the practice of hoarding is not bo universal aa it used to be, in this part of the world. The country people are not lesB industrious or frugal than they formerly were; but they are a little more enlightened. They have learned that money can be made to " breed," as Shylock says, like Bheep and oxen; and the capital of some of the largest undertakings, of a repro ductive character, in France and elsewhere is supplied by innumerable contributions from the classes which constitute the real backbone of their nation. Their industry is pertinacious and untiring, and their thrift has become a part of their nature. While the Parisian ouvrier is engaged in "knocking down" a considerable portion of his earnings in a cafe, eetaminet, theatre, or concert room. the artisan, the peasant farmer, and the email shopkeeper in the rural districts are at work from daylight to dark. I have Been husbandmen ploughing i in the last hours of the long summer twi light, and they scrutinise the expenditure of every eon. It is the business of their lives, and the inherited traditions of their race, to "shun delights and live laborious days." Their fare ie simply and their sleep is sound. Their little patrimony suffices for all their wants, and prodnces within the narrow com* pass of two, three, four, or five acres, every* thing they require. It is too limited in extent and too precious in productiveness to be wasted in hedgerows. These are very pic* tureeqne; but Jaques Bonhomme is intensely practical. He has never heard of Jeremy Bentham; but he is a zealous utilitarian. Owning a small property himself, be exhibits a great respect for the property of others; and you may pass aloag a oountry road fringed with raspberry bushes and strawberry beds, vines in foil bearing, and apple ana pear trees with plenty of attractive looking windfalls lying underneath them, and with not so much aa the ghost of a fence to hinder the entry of a pilferer, but the fruit iB sacred. On the imperial of the omnibus, which takes yon from Ennon to St. Prix, the passengers have only to stretch forth their bands in order to plnck the raddy pippins which overhang the road, bnt nobody touches them. PAre Dantard, who owns and drives the vehicles, is a very ordinary man to look at, with a rough weather-beaten face, lane coarse hands, a provincial accent, and shabby clothes. If yon were to "tip" him 10 or20 centimes, in addition to his fare, he would touch his hat and exclaim, "Mtrti, bitn," with something like effusiveness. Bat Pdre Dantard is rich, and is the ounder of a dynasty of Dan tarda in 6t. Prix. One son is the landlord of the aub&rge;, An Coche Fidelej another if a thriving shopkeeper and a third is also flourishing in the same plape. A short time ago his daughter was married, and he gave her a dot of 75,000 franca (£3,000) ! To look at him, yon wouldn't suppose him to be worth as many shillinpa. The Maire of St Prix has filled the offioe for 20 years, and a good many of the booses in the place look as u they had eever been painted or whitewashed since he -came into office. There Is an ancient stone .cross in the oentre of the little place which has witnessed the fall of monarchies and -empires and republics in France, and has -survived all the vicissitudes of institutions that seemed imperishable; and my host and hostess ait down upon its pedestal, while Fire Dantard Is putting the horses in the omnibus, and talk of England «id Australia and of old friend* In both, nntil the quaint old French town seems tofade away ana to be replaced by other and more distant scenes, end nntil thesignalfordeparture is given and the time arrive* to say "good night. The foreat o! St. Germain in Lays Is less plcturesqnelr situated than that of Mont morenqy, although them la * oharming view from the letrtoe in front of the Pavilion. Henri Qaatw. at tbeohalfl^jrhe«Wirf ^bateau which m bafl^bylionUle Groe. w» «°me time the^denceofthe Blaoc Fxuhm, who is aoonsedof faavfrtlsft dttion *** J* onsof the MMwrt-ats 000* ? li.fi ?'* *' ' Sirs If J® jsrw.va. 5 Si hu acwunt^Her Majesty the Queen has «ectede^monument to his memoir m the 3church of St. Germain Mademoiselle de la Yalliere and Madame deMontespan have been among the residents in Sifpilace. o! which the terrace, so mar velloae in its extent, iB one of the most cele brated features. From .it the tower of the cathedral of St Denis is visible in the far Stance. It ie said to have been a great Lefore to Louis XIV., who was averse to being reminded of hia mo»t*ty by seeing the mausoleum of the Kings of France obtruding iteelf upon hia vision. Around the Chateau Lafitte. on the edge of the forest, has grown op quite a large township, compoeed of de tached villa residences, each surrounded by its shrubbery and pleasure-garden. . xnese are the summer abodes of Parisians at tracted thither by the salubrity of the die | trict It ww my good fortune to be the guest of one of the owners of a Maison Lautte, and thus to see something of the nuna:j< and the inner life of a French family, belong ing to the educated and prosperous classes ot wciety. The impressions thus produced were of the most agreeable character, and it was impossible not to be charmed by the cordi* ality of the welcome and *h« empressemenl 01 the attentions accorded with euch an easy grace to the foreign gneet, the f0''\s °f which he is the object, and with the bright ness and vivacity of the after dinner cauicne. These impressions have been deepened ana confirmed by. my subsequent exwnen^ in connexion with two other families, the one French and the other Anglo- French residents in Paris. . The pleasantest way to vieit Versailles is by four-horse coach, through the Avenue du Bois de Boulogne, and the Bois iteelf, by way of Sureenee and San Cloud, and returning through Sevres and AuteniL This affords you an opportunity of passing over the more important of the positions occupied by the German army during the siege of Paris, as well as the sceneB of the desperately con tested sorties made by the French during that memorable crisis, and of seeing some ot the baildinge devastated by the heavy artil lery of the enemy on the one hand, anu 01 Fort St, Valerieu on the other. To look upon a large chateau, with nothing left but the bare walls ; the roof and windows Bhattered by a shell, the handsome decorations of its eaions dilapidated and defaced, its bal conies and verandahB an unsightly wreck, and ite garden a tangled wilderness, serves to bring vividly before one the horrors of warfare. During their occupation of Versailles, the Germane appear to have exhibited a forbear ance and consideration which the French have not always displayed under similar cir cnmBtances in the foreign cities they have occupied, and although using the palace as a hospital, the Prussians were careful to protect its historical and artistic treasures from injury and spoliation. The building iteelf does not compensate by ite vastness for its ugliness, and the milliards which were lavished on its construction and embellishments, and upon I the formation of its magnificent park, ite enormous cruciform pond, its fountains and terraces, were impotent to obviate the natural disadvantages of ite situation. Inside, the palace is as gorgeous and as spacious aa money oould make it, but its gilded salons and stately bedchambers are haunted by evil memories of that supremely selfish old scoundrel Louis the Fourteenth, and of that """? of moaal corruption, his pmfligttta and contemptible successor, whose > body was bo poisoned by his vioes that people passing through the room in which it lay ] after death, and inhaling the effluvium which , fniMitted from it, sickened and died. After I a weary tramp through a series of Bplendid apartments, enriched with the works of some i | of the greatest artists France has produced, ' and sumptoondy decorated, one turnB with a filing of relief to the, more homely and diminutive rooms occupied by Marie Antoi nette, and regards, with a painful interest, the objects associated with the last days of her residence in Versailles, before she was dragged from a palace to a prison, and was condemned to expiate on a scaffold the crimes and follies of the family into which it was her misfortune to marry. Such of her remains and of those of her husbtuod as could be identified and rescued from the common fosse, into which they were thrown after the execution of each, may be seen-or, at least, the coffins containing them may-in the crypt of the abbey-church of St. Denis, just outside of Paris. The town iteelf is an ugly, dirty, manufacturing place, and the lower classes of people are as forbidding in their looks as they are repulsive in their manners ; but it is well worth while to pick your way through its narrow streets, and to encounter the scowling countenances of the male and female descendants of the maniacs who violated the graves of the illustrious, as well as of the infamous, dead within the walls of its venerable minster. For that august edifice is the Westminster Abbey or the Santa Croce of France, and it has been restored, during the last Quarter of a century, under the direction of M. Viollet-le Duc, in such a conscientious spirit, that you are enabled to look upon it pretty much as it was in the middle of the last century. Por tions of the stractnre date from the year 630, and belong to the epoch of King Dagobert, and there are fragments also of the Basilica, erected by King Pepin a hundred years later, while the greater part of the crypt belongs to the eleventh century. But the nave and transept, the choir and apsidal chapels, seem to have been built In the century following. Some of the stained glass is of similar antiquity, and, as such, offers numerous splendid specimens of a lost art All the windbws, however, are filled, in with a coloured medium, and the effect of these is very fine, especially as regards the two great rose windows in the transept and those at the extremity of the sanctuary. The nave, choir, and tiransepts are of the same, height, and the Rafting which supports the ribs of the vaulted roof .Springs from the same bases as the pins of thfe arches dividing the main portion of the cathedral from its adjuncts: white the ele gant triforum rani round the whole of the interior. But the monuments of St» Deals are its most trainable possession; althoughit is impossible to study them, or, indeed, to bestow npocn them anything more than a fugitive glance; for the privilege of showing them is delegated, by the French Govern* stent] to some old pensioner, who drags yon round as rapidly ashe can, tellg yon nothing you cannot team from the cards placed upon tombi themselves, or from a guide-book, and irifarn>» yon» when you ask to be allowed to * ' leisurely inspection ot this or thaVre example of medisaval sculpture, is contrary to the regulations; these i*tions" meaning everywhere a form inotism which no Englishman would for 12 bouts. . a alter is this superb mottu 1M. 'mwK W the memory ot m; wtttfa* athes, at well as fhotft I, HftuthUdft. and of bis son, Sigebert, test underneath it On each aide of the choir are the tombs and effigies ot a namber of the early sovereigns of France, including Pepin and his wife. Louis, Oarlo man, Clovis the Second, Charles Mattel, Eudes and Hugh Capel, Robert the PIOUB, and OonBtance of Aries, Henry the First, Louis the Sixth, Constance of Castillo, the second wife of Louis the Seventh, Philip, the eldest BO* of Louis the Sixth, Carloman, King of Austrasia, and Hermintrude, the first wife of Charles the Bold. A splendid monument, erected in honour of Catherine ae Medicis, is enriched with two noble effigies , from the chisel of Germain Pilon^ one of the most illustrious of French sculptors; and all through the period of the Renaissance in France, as also for two centuries previously, the abbey church of St. Denis resembled, as a French writer has said, a permanent exhibition of the choicest art-productions of the age in bronzeB, mosaics, carved wpod, sculptured stone and marble, stained glass, enamels, terra cotta, and gold, silver, and iron work. But it was also, as has been said, the mausoleum of its monarchs from Dagobert down to Louis the 15th, and thiB served to expose it to the blind fury of the levellers of 1793. Whether they imagined that the duet and ashes of the former sovereigns of France would be consciouB of, and pained by, the contumely heaped upon them, is not at all clear. One thing alone is certain, namely, that they were dragged forth from their place of sepulchre and flung into a common fosse. One of the first of the bodies subjected to thiB ignominious treatment was that of Henry the Fourth. It was fomnd in eo perfect a condition, and there was such a look of kingly dignity on the face of the hero of Irry, that the vandals who opened hie ooflkt shrank from the perform ance of their shameful duty, and hesitated, for two days, to consign it to the common pit It was exposed to public view during that interval, and then an order arrived from Paris that none of the remains should be excepted from the general sentence of pro fanation, which was accordingly carried into effect. Three years afterwards the lead was stripped from tbe roof of St. Denis, and the building appeared to be doomed to destruc tion, when Alexander Lenoir asked for the epoils of the cathedral, and was fortunate enough to obtain them on behalf of the Com mission of the Arts. They were preserved in one of the national museums, although the artist risked his life in protecting such souvenirs of royalty; and they remained there until the Restoration, when most of them were sent back to the cathedral, and re erected in their former positions. Prior to this, Napoleon Bonaparte had resolved upon making St DeniB the burial place of the members of the dynasty which he imagined he had foonded upon an immutable basis. How that purpose was frustrated I need hardly point out But Napoleon HI. had the Bame intention, and it would be equally superfluous to comment upon its signal failure. He went further than his nnde, fop be caused a vault to be constructed to receive his remains, and those of his wife and eon, at the entrance of the transept It iB still empty, and it iB likely to con tinue so. Meanwhile the ashes of the last of the Bourbons, who died in France during the Restoration, as well as those of Louis XVI. and Marie Antoinette, and two of the aunts of the former, who died in exile, have found a resting-place in the crypt under the sanctuary. The place of their entombment resembles a dungeon, and you look through arched apertures traversed by iron bars at the coffins, dimly illuminated by some gas jets outside. The atmosphere of the cavern is cold and damp, and the dismal recess has a weird and uncanny look. If ghosts ever walk, you might imagine them doing so here, when tbe custodian has put out the lights at the close of the afternoon, and the crypt is left for the next 18 hours to silence and to solitude. The treasury of the abbey church of St Denis is exceedingly rich in reliquaries, chalices, montrances, crosses, prxes, croziera, and other objects, composed of the precionB metals aid enriched with costly jewels. A few of them are of considerable antiquity, bat most of them were the gift of Napoleon Bonaparte, Charles the Tenth, and the late Emperor. In the eyes of the Monotonous showman, who informs you that an extra franc is demanded for this part of the exhi bition, their chief claim upon the admiration .f visitors is their intrinsic value. If you are not suitably impressed by this, he feels not only disappointed bnt aggrieved. He rolls the words " da milk francs" upon his tongue as if it were a Bavoury sweetmeat, and the idea which it conveys to his mind is not merely delightful, but stupendous. But Englishmen, who divide the large figures of a Frenchman by five-and-twenty in order to reduce them to poundB sterling, are apt to think differently. 