7'. T 1 1 NtW giiIMIaJ II 'I De. ,T, Iv. M. Eddeetson, of ] lei. taw, who lately wiib on a tour oi aci jnfci ic exploration n CJueenshod, and has re^roed to S:otlan3, ,. contributed el paper to a (Ha brow jjurnal cn Bew Guinea, in which lie deacibta tha ihyaicil cWactcrisbics of 1. bat country, its peojilo, ard producti. I On tin question of annexution, Er. Boberteen bits : — 'Virtua.lV a ' »o-manV atd,' Ne* Guinea his, it if u ulersto jd, for jem been nt objoit \- ol' attrae lie d to m -re than odd foreign Power. An island nuch is this, possessing rteourc jb ^ ftxouratle for Eu -opoan entcrpri ?e, un 3 fitted * fet the fetlloment of whito raiea in proximity td Australia. almost within ia l of boiig of hor . outlying foWaauns, and bound ng or, intr-« channel tbiougb vsbicb so mcli of tbe commerce ol'Britan pJisSes, b far toe ueTere a tioiptatkn t- Euro; )een Navd Power, i to be permitted 10 n main Ion ^r ia Lhe market in search of cn 0 vner. T,U prceence of t firnidaUle powor other thin Bntait, within etridn* distance of our colo liesj woull paralyse ecciey anc arrest tie progreffl of the comprehamiive schemes thnt aie aire id; r [planned for tie ad rane orient of Australia. TbeT-ryabun-!tuceol' the rusourc 'e ard the ripidly-iccumulntinj; v ealtli of tie ccloniea would of them&eties; be aulQcient to eicitetha Jilipidit/ of races inaccuetomed of themselves to colonise, or npporently bo realii e tlie true aiiok and triumph} of civilisaLien, 'Should [New Guinea fall t- the lot of Jfance, or -1 Jiubeib, in ail prcbatiiity it. would be utilised 11 1 a gigantic cotvi:t cstatlinhmenb, ard asoniai . Pandemonium, ,.t is u^ceniabie , that Frame, with her infa 11c ue molality and In r deer sai ing population, bis proved herse.f admirably unfitted for the wort o colonisation. Should .taly (with her want of jomof enoitj) . m Germaty acqu re the island, & great navnl stition mi.j be expecteil, nnd tbs native oppreasel to raise the taiei lb at ion-colonising ni.tiona 3enn to le the chief end of deminatt gevemtrun';. In any care, n foreign Power established on Nev Guinec, wculc: raijo ins' act discontent ftrouglout Auetralia, end Tculd do much to al eaate cur color Lis — perhaps induce tVemtoeevsj the ahnder thread which at preset t biada them to us, Such an eventuality would bt a eouijcelcjf anxiety andldSslj'usj. Iltj would 1 be accepted as a perpetual meuare tbstcouli oily be properly net by thei crccJon of fortn, tie creation of sta nding armiei, end ,h?raair teaance if aimed leete — ecpetisiv3 ioati tutior s net caloila1e3 to naasure c leeple wb jbh whole attention hit been and is, directed tc progress aid to duve loping nrith unparalleled aicjeastbe rejourcet oi ' heir colony. 'Secure fjrom foreign ioranon or iiiterfeif etce, thu olonists have prr ec their ability Id colonise in i mainer unocuollect in history. B it for Ibiii in assurance of peace and Eccuritf is necessarj. Die-urb thai bliasfil etat 3 of rc pese, raiie distruet and dis([i ie1udi-l perplex the piiDiic ztina ny lni urringueivy reapoie duiucib for theii' dBience and protect ion — atd coos-j- qiencea intnlcal tc progress ensue, j 'I/ootinjr at the question fom ereiy aspect, renemberirg that rumours tioie or Icsb autboJ iUitive Lad reached the cotories tbst several Continenta] Poweis had tamed wbeir ongin^ eyaa on tbe j;reat island, perfeclly awsre of thi * defenceless state oF the co oni-s, end iowopeji tbsy are to ioraBicn, know rg ;iO? nccessary it iB to colanii l prosperity to liaie no near ncigbl* bcrej renei3)eriiig, too. tbit in the i-ase of Perim. and New Zealani — liotli h valuable pc 9B6B6io: )B-- wo only fore;,tilhd Fraaco by k fevbouri 01 days: and in tie case cf Ne\|r Celedooiu, !.] 00 miles east 0:' ^,ue- nsle nil (that is boo near for coiafort), 1/3 ost tbn iace bjf about tho saiae period, belie ri ig Lhat tlie time we .8 too critical to admit cf piocrastiim-ion, it need be 10 cause for won3;r 'or lurirBcth^t tha Govjrioent of Queeailaid, pnpircd as th»y are jo b;ar al. the re^potBib lity end ed- pease, etioild, quietly a 3-l decisively — take pcapoBsio i, mid request the Imperii! Piriiamenlt of Bri'ain to endarae thcii ictiim. I n evi dence of tho popularity of l.tis stej) is nh )*n by ate being huiaologi ted by t ie Gcvcnuenta of all t.ViA flthn* rvilnnii*. ? I ' It mliy be Teiy true that we Lire io) manr colonies jo 1c ok alter, and too nian; races of ?arage nJen to civilize, and tb it annexe tionn any form ie to aoue respee t -d cla ises bere pax* titularly diitieteful. Our I'stduij s lrsly licB in tbe direction of protecting oar rolouies froti foreign aitajl:,and preventii^aiiytliingd equiel infto idteifjre with their laidahlo rmleavotB to develop 10 tbe' very utnest the grm, estate ' thit we hire entrusted bo their cerc. Cai wn ibutlour eyce to thi! fact tha: savage min mudteomer -r later he gDve 'red? They miBt advarcj ; ci .'ilizatiot demaids it An l I am awai e of no gove 'iiD * l^wir whic i is better filJfcid fo:- the taair, wbich is m-re re spected amorg the islands oi the l acif c, or ons that caub(t«r defend them end fit tbemfo* for moreenoobling pursuitn I bon t:-iba' varfare, or head-1 ui t ing, than Grett B itain. Ibere is nc limit te^ .he colonising po\ ere of oi:r racc, ncne tothiir ambition anc e nterprise, or t ) their abi ity ;o creite, amid NTn turB's eolitudes. icrnee of iniistry ind evidenctB 0' wealth. 'In Tien of the illimit^bh reso irccs end th? grawing traete and power ai' the colcnies, and what an important facto- tleso an 1,0 thu world's pro 3] verity, and the r ulterly defenceless ' coDditior, t b 3 desire of ttr joloniitfi ioi peace, Bid to caltirate and perpetaa e tae gocd rela * tions witi lbs motaer county thai exist rather than to watoh anlmaintcin ihemBeivcB in 1 state of leieace, vbo are siarf in intellect and wit, and fflo are tlie best j jilg^B o ; wlat ib best fo r tbem, cc c stitut 3 claims -n o ir a y m j at hy am 1 bu pport \ ha t we ea anot disi e »ai d. Th e 1 iefenc 3 of euch nagaiflcei t posBes ii)m , the prctectio i . aid civilisation of such itatwart races 0' PupuanSj tie bickerings an l beirthuriings ibab thii woud p -event, the intsinational eoiaplica tiona that ii; would avert, the burden and ret pcnaibiliiiei through all ,ia)c tlat it wouM avoid, the confidence and .latiefactioa bat it inipire tinighout Austrclia, are euvelyeufE *ciont cogent reasons for enrexetior. That ifould be a policy of econo ny, not of expense j of defeme, not of defiance. Sc fa -as [eanaee, it would nob interfere with tlie sia'us -uo or the bereditaiy :i»bts of any Pcver. ' Under the wis) and virify ng autberity cf tha Imperii! Government ,»rcat proj;ri bb mar in a few yens be nnticipatsil in tbe vork cf colooisinr New Cuioea, end in educating the ne, tires ta labits 0: induBtiy aad thrift Tho ptesence ol! Britain there wculc add to her supremacy, end would inspire her eocs :d their southern hccies to renewed exertiens :o attaclc ceture ft f'esb oointe, to eter: with fresi vigour end pereiitent en;jgy tlat 3esire ta eurmoun; difficulties and to cultiiata thsi atirdy' nd ipendcice and iate^rily t ia', fron tb a first da^n oi our beboiy, have b sen the diitibguuhing attributes o! our ra:e.' Air ex. rao'dinai)' general meeting of share hcldera iitbe Transit Compinr will te aeld at lies Era. ]jryant and Co.'e rjomsoi Ue?enber£, to receive tbe report and balance sheet anl coeisider th ) poeitim of the Ooupiny. Tbe fah ofthe Gardens Eitate (Gnnville) . to-morrow ifternoon, by lleisrs. Fcuiberdea atd Cbrista?, will afford nn opportuiity fcr genuine iivefitmtais. The ailotmeits, frora their prcximity to thewhuvcB, nue: oecomc v«ry vhliable witli the growlb of the town. Wharfage iccommodation u u&t; b ; t'z:ci:did to Eist Maiyborougi, and lhe tircr f*ontape allotments ia the Gardens Estate are ]-cihnps in the beat situation on ihc ether si 1c of tlie rirer, iiancdiatclr opposito Messrs Wilson, jSart and Co.'s eawmiJIs ind the Gorfrnmert wiarvcs, Ghos^.- An alten pt is Icinf trudnin ttc old coLUtty io nvive thj bclit :: in ^ieitao - fr:m anothE:* world, and msny arotbe \rondcis ftl Btoriiss lat'fill&ome; of tbe journal2. T£e eceptical trind ie, bowevei', lrcliocd to adopt Sjrooge'sr^iDark 10 Mark-^etbot t : 1 !Iow do Iknowhot 300 ire not 1 bt cf nacigestcd bead?' for, of all tbe gho9- produce:?, a bitof 'heavy' bccdis Ihemogl ]-ot«»nt. It iaa won djr, thcrelorc, that people do not ic opt tie airefitBjcl against gbo&te; ')y ne ng Bcrwick'e Gold Me dal Baklrp Powdci in making bread ; fcr, althoui;l it 'won't 'riiBC ghosts' it tw'7 niee bical in liie moefc idninblc fashion. Krery -i^b 5 storekeeper lu£ it ay hd, and ei ery go 3d h oubcw ise boys i t, 