WILLIAMSTOWN RACES. The usual Easter Monday race meeting, held by the Williamstown Racing Club, took place yesterday, and was very well attended. The weather during the first part of the day was fine, but shortly after 2 o'clock the sky became overcast, and gave every indica- tion of an approaching storm. The rain held off, however, until nearly half-past 3, when it fell in torrents, and continued for the rest of the afternoon. There was a very large muster of visitors from the metropolis, the majority being conveyed to the course by two special trains. Great dissatisfaction was expressed at the railway arrangements, as the announcement was made that the specials were to run to the course. Instead of that the train stopped at the old place, and the visitors had nearly a mile to walk. Then, in the return journey an unnecessary delay occurred, the special train being timed to start at 540 p.m., but it was G 5 p.m. before the last train started. Further delay was occasioned by stoppages on the road, and it was not until G 60 p.m. that Melbourne was reached. The arrangements made by the energetic secretary, Mr. F. W. Sutton, were as usual very complete, and so far as the racing was concerned, everything passed off satisfactorily. The racing commenced with the Handicap Hurdle Race, for which only four horses stated. Eros was made the favourite, but when he appeared to have the race in hand he struck the last hurdle and came down heavily, and Yarree coming with a rush won easily from Stormbird, who defeated Merry Maid for second place by three lengths. Only four out of the 11 on the card came out for the Altona Handicap, but great difficulty was experienced in getting, them away, owing to the jockeys being over anxious to get the best of the start. Haidee of the USES was most fancied, although Honor: was fairly supported. The latter was first away, and led into the straight, Haidee being on her girth, whilst The Ghost was in a good position next the rails. A fine race up the straight ensued, The Ghost defeating Honor: on the post by a short half head. Haidee of the Hills, four lengths off, was third. The Telegraph Stakes proved an easy thing for Doctor, who started at 7 to '4 on him, Queen Elizabeth being second, and Kanoota third. The Galloway Stakes was reduced from nine to three, and this race was run in the pouring rain, Prattle left the paddock at 5 to 2 on him, and he had no difficulty in disposing of Village Lass, Flying Bee being outpaced from the start. The Steeplechase brought out a field of half-a-dozen, and of the lot Premier was most fancied. The race was a very good one, the only mishap being to Hector, who nearly came to grief of the first hurdle, but made it, grand recovery, and when in a good position, run off at the turn in the second round. The others ran well together until along the back stretch the second time, when the favourite went to the front, and was followed by Breechloader and Ascot. In this order they entered they straight, and the favourite was landed a winner a length and a quarter in front of Breechloader, Ascot being a bad third. The Seaford Handicap brought out a field of seven out of 16. Black Diamond led from the start, and, although hard pressed by Dougalaton in the run home, he won by a neck ; but, had the race been 20 yards further, there is no doubt the positions would have been reversed. L'Africaine was a good third. No time was taken in any of the races. Annexed are the details of the different events :? HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. 01 60 nove. Two Miles. Mr. G. Cripp's br m Yarree by Khodlvo?Casfoldh, 6 TS, Dot. 7lb. (Ilowott) .. ? ? 21 Mr. R. Batty's j g Stormbird, went!, Out. (Wall) 2 5 Mr. M. Jacobs' ch- m Merry Maid, 5 yrs, 10st., (Hunt) states 3 K.. U. Yccrt . chgErcra, aged, 11st. 4lb., (Kll (IntJ).. _ . _ Ov Betting Even ngst Eros ; 8 to 1 agst Stormbird and Henry Mold ; ) 'o 1 - i-at Yarrco. Merry Maid was clear away, followed by Storm. bird, Eroe getting away badly. Before reaching the first hurdle, Stormbird rushed to the front and led over It, but Merry Maid gained him at the jumps. Rounding the turn into the night, Stormbird was still In front, with Yarrop second, Merry Maid on his quarters, and Eros four length' e In the rear. Probus the stand and rounding the turn Merry Maid went up second, and Eros, gaining by keeping well to the near side. "? into third place. Along the back of the course Ya sent to the front and led for a short distance, when he was passed by the other three, and Kroa, along the far side, looked all over a winner, being slightly in advance of Storm, bird and Merry Maid. The three came on well together to the last hurdle, with Yarree In close proximity. Eros struck the hurdle heavily, and came down a cropper. Yarroo then came away, and won easily by eight lengths from Stormbird, who was three lengths ahead of Merry Maid. ALTONA HANDICAP, O150BOVB. Five furlongs. Mr. C. Jones's ch or rush The Ghost, by Tregeagle Ada, 6yrs, 9st. (Kilby) 3 Mr. J. Whittingham's br f Honora, 2 yrs, "at. 418. (Bacchus) _ _ _ ? .. - 2 Mr L. L. Smith's b m Haidee of the Hills, 6 yrs, Set. 5lb. (Riley) seas..-.- S Mr. W. Langley's b h Stationer, 4 yrs, 8st. 4lb. (Kelly) states..- 0 Betting Even agat Haidee of the Hills, 6 to 2 agst Honora, 3 to 1 agst Stationer, 4 to 1 agst The Ghost. After a delay of about 20 minutes, which was caused first by the eagerness displayed by Stationer and Haidee of the Bills to get away, Honor: then became restless, and two or three times the start was spoiled by The Ghost keeping well in the rear. At length the quartette were despatched to a moderate start, Honor: being first to show In front, with Stationer and Haidee of the Hills together, and The Ghost, length behind, last. Rounding the far turn, and along the side, The Ghost commenced to go upon the little. Honora led into the straight, with nature of the Hills on the whip band, The Ghost lying third next the rails and well up, whilst Stationer was out of it. A good race ensued up the straight, ! The Ghost overhauling the leaders at every stride, and catching Honor: on the post, won by a short half head. Haidee of the Hills was third, about four lengths off. Kelly and Alley were each fined £2 for misconduct at the post. TELEGRAPH STAKES, Of 50 Sovs. Half a mile. Weight for age. Winner to be told for £50. Selling allowances, 7lb. for every £10 reduction in price. Mr. J. A. Lang's br h Doctor, by Argus Scandal, 4yrs(£20), 7st. 7lb. (Walker) 2 .. 1 Mr. T. Jones's bk or br I Queen Elizabeth, 3 yrs (£20), Ost. 121. (Kilby) 2 2. 2 -2 Mr. S. Miller's ch g Kauoota, 2 yrs (nil), 4at, 8lb., carried 6st. 10lb. (Tuomy) 7 5 2 3 Mr. A. O. Dowling ns b o Plato, 2 yrs, 4ft. 8lb., carried 6st. 8lb. (Barr) _ 0 settings to 4 on Doctor, 6 to 2 agst Kanoota, 5 to 1 agst the others. There were several false starts, during which Kanoota bolted right round to the beach when the flag fall fell. Doctor was first to show In front, whilst Plato lost all chance by running round the post. Doctor, on the inside, led along the side and round the turn into the straight, having Queen Elizabeth on his quarters and Kanoota well upon the outside. Once fairly in the straight the three came on a good pace, and at the end of the paddock Kanoota looked like a winner. He died away, however, and Doctor drew away and finished a length in front of Queen Elizabeth, who was two lengths in advance of Kanoota. The winner, on being put up for sale, was bought at 56 guineas. . .'.", GALLOWAY STAKES, Handicap of 25 Sovs. Five furlongs. For galloways three years old and upwards, 14 hands 2in. and under (to be measured before starting). Mr. J. Dnllaway ns b m Prattle, by Buckingham? Dolly Varden, 4 yrs. Sat. 4lb. (Hutu) _ _ 1 Mr. J. Cripps's b m Village Lass, 5 yrs, 7st. 10lb. (Walker)? 2 2 ... 2 2 Mr. S. Moore ns b m Flying Boy, 6 yrs, 8st. 2lb. (Burton) _?__?_ 8 settings to 2 on Prattle. The three were sent away at the first attempt, Prattle and Village Lass at once going to the front, the former having slightly the best of it. flying Bee, who got off badly, was never dangerous. Along the back Village Lass rushed to the front and had for a short distance, but Prattle entered the straight on the inside with half a length to the good. The pair came on under the whip, the favourite drawing away at the end of the stand, and winning by nearly two lengths. Jflylng Beo a bad third. STEEPLECHASE. Of 50 Sovs. Two miles. Mr. T. Coffey's ch h Premier, by Yellow Jacket, 6 yrs, 10st. 7lb. (Hunt) ? .... _ 1 Mr. R, Howie's b g Brccohloader, aged, 9st. 2lb., (Keatings ... _ ? ? .. 2 Mr. A. F. Bradshaw's b g Ascot, 6 yrs, lost. (Chalker)- .. _ 28 Mr G. Glasscock's br g Governor, 4 yrs, 9st, 7lb., (Kilduff) ....__?__ 0 Mr. J. W. Clarke's br g Cruiser, aged, 9st. 4lb., (M'Donald) _ . _ 20 Mr. G. Cripps' b g Hector, aged, 9st. 7lb., (Howotl). .... . 0 Botting's to 4 agat Premier, 5 to 2 agat Breech loaders, 4 and 5 to 1 agat the others. Hector was the first on his legs, followed by Premier and Cruiser, and be led to the first fence, over which he led, and nearly came to grief, as he fell right on to his shoulder, but made a grand recovery. Cruiser then took up the running, and led to the second fence, Premier being next, and Hector third, whilst Ascot was at the head of the rear division. Rounding the turn for the double in the straight Cruiser was in the van, Hector being second and Premier third, the latter knocking a rail out of the fence. This order was kept past the stand, Governor going on fourth, Ascot fifth, and Brocohloador last. sounding the turn Ascot made play, and quickly ran into second place, and followed Cruiser over the next fence, where doctor lost his chance by running round, Rising the hill Premier was taken to the front, and at the back of the course Brcecbloador went up second and About ihlrO, Cruiser and Governor following some three lengths In the rear. This order was maintained over the last fence and into the straight. For a short distance Premier and Breechloader raced together, but the former shook him off, and drawing away won by a length and a quarter, AScot bad third, Governor finishing fourth, and Cruiser last. SEAFORD HANDICAP, Of 75 Sovs. One mile and a quarter. Mr. J. Paterson's br g. Black Diamond, by Hercules, 6yrs, 7st (Dobson) .... _ .... 1 Mr. L. L. Smith's b h Dougalaton, 6 yrs, 7st 7lb. (Burton) 2 2 Mr. J. Whittingham's br f L'Africaine, 3 yrs, 6st. lib. (Bacchus) ?_..?_? 8 Mr. L. a. Calvert's b m Linda, 4 yrs, 7st. 12 lb. (Bell) glass.. 20 Mr. H. Youl's br b. Balthazar, 0 yrs, 7st. 7lb. (Walker) _...._....? 0 Mr. B. Evans's br h Lapitono, 4 yrs, 9st. 10lb. (Moran) _ ? ? ? M ... ..0 Mr. H. Haines' b m Lucinda, aged 9st., carried 9st. 5lb. (Swallow).. ... ? ? _ _ 0 settings to 2 agst Black Diamond, 8 to 1 agst Dougalaton, 4 to 1 agst Balthazar, 6 to 1 agst L'Africaine. After a good deal of delay at the post, owing to the restiveness of L'Africaine and Lapstone, the lot were despatched on pretty even terms, Black Diamond, Linda, and L'Africaine, having a slight advantage as the lot swept past the stand. Going- round the turn Black Diamond and Linda went to the front, Balthazar going on third, Dougalston, L'Africaine, and Lapalouo being well up. Along the back stretch Lapitono made Ida effort, but could not get up to the leaders. Dougalston and L'Africaine at the same time commenced to go up, and running down the side to the turn for home, were about a length behind the leaders. Black Diamond led into the straight, followed by Linda, Dougalaton, and L'Africaine. Within the distance the mare compounded, and Dougalaton coming very fast, gained on the leader at every stride, but failed to got up, and was beaten on the post by a neck. L'Africaine, a length behind, was third, then came Balthazar, Lapstone, Linda, and Lucinda, in the order named. 