THE REAL PROPERTY ASSESSMENT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. I SIR-As one interested in the above question, I read with some avidity your correspondent's letter, under the initials "A.I.F." The writer had evidently taken a little trouble to unravel the knotty point which, for a time, upset the mental equilibrium of the last Court of General Sessions. It is a pity, therefore, perhaps, that " A. J. P.s? communication should have been " inadvertently held over, as possibly it might have strengthened the decision so unanimously adopted at the " adjourned meeting," that " the Solicitor- General's opinion was a sound one." For my own part, I must confess to great obtuseness in not being able to follow the arguments of "A.J.P.," inasmuch as, in the first instance, after citing the Acts 43 and 46 Viet., he asks " which of the two is to prevail?" but does not, to my comprehension, say which and in the second he states " that the only question which it is competent for the Court to entertain is whether the value assigned to any property is the same as that at which it is rated on the assessment roll." If such be the case, what necessity would there be for any court at all Surely something more is required of it than to confirm the assessor s priceS. If not, how does "A.J.P." reconcile the action lately taken by the commissioner in successfully appealing against some valuations on the roll ? I take it your correspondent has unwittingly overlooked this fact, and as it is one that affects the community generally, I have deemed the subject of sufficient importance to ask the insertion in your columns of the foregoing remarks upon it. Yours, etc., LEX. I Gnosis. An attempt is being made in the of country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that all some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge remark to Marley's (boat : " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested, bread!" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy " bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder In making bread for although It worn "raiseghost«," U will raise bread in the most ad | mirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper built by him, and every good housewife buys It. 21-0-83. If You DON'T BELIEVE IT, ASK AMT OaiutAV, And he will convince you that St. Jacob's Oil is the most wonderful remedy that has ever been brought, before the public Bhenmatltm of many years Ejanding has yielded Immediately to Its almost! mafJea] bl-, nuance. As many have expressed It, is «etta It' electrical, tending to drive the pale before It attack discomfort leaves the body and its warm flow of. butter and other matters, IHaamrtiH more for neuralgia, (Mag immediate rains upon the »m, aroUoaUoa.aJtd corner, is a short ttat,th««Matta» ' ' .-; silver. ^?i»:'3i,J" ; --4?.." '- . 