MR HIGLETT'S LECTURE. PiiBSANT Evening's at Home, was thu subject of a locturo delivered by the Rev. W. Higlettinthe Baptist Church lastcvening. The Chair, in the absence of Mr Groom, was taken by Mr James Campbell, who briefly introduced tho locturor. Mr Higlett commenced his address by reading an extract from a leading article which appeared ten day's ugo in the Darlin;/ Down.i Gazelle entitled ' Our Social Position,' which tho lecturer said, had given him tho cue to tho subject he had chosen for his lecture on this occasion. The social condition of the youth of tho present genera tion said Mr Higlett, was omo of the gravest importance, the evil of what was popularly known as ' larrikinism ' was alarmingly on the increase, aud it would be their duty to endeavor to find out the cause and to apply tho remedy. When boys and girls wero at school they had their lessons to occupy themselves with in tho evenings, but when they grew older, although employed during the day their evenings had to bo filled up ono way or another, and if they had not sufficient homo attractions they naturally sought thoso pleasures and untrugoments else where, und frequently formed nssouivtioiis of a questionable character which gradually de voloped into what was called ' larrikinisra.' Ho, Mr Higlett, considered tbut much might be done by parents to make what he should call ' ploasnnt evenings at borne*' and ho was prepared to show them some simple experiments, obieHy performed with inexpensive materials with which they could occupy their spare eveninys which would not only be amusing but instructive. In an exceedingly racy and humorous manner, Mr Higlett produced numerous experiments in electricity, the making of gas, the oflects of light on a bunch of flowers, showinz that the color was not in the Sowers, but in the light, and in the same conneotion exhibited a miniature room in which, by the reflection of the light on a sheet of glass, ghost figures woro seen flittiug about the room, which caused muoh amusement to the juvenile portion of the audience. Several other experiments were unavoidably omitted, owing to the difficulty in obtaining the proper apparatus. So much, however, was so creditably performed that it could not fail to be both interesting and instructive. At tho close of tho experiments Mr Higlett stated that ho had one more to show them, but this could only be done iu the opnn air, and when they got outside, he would snow them one wif.li mlninf.nivi hiilnnna u-liiMi wnnl/1 lm inflated, not with heated air. This experiment wo inuy here say, was entirely successful. Three out of tho'five rising high in the air, und only collapsing when the supply of fuel bad become exhausted. In concluding Mr Higlott said ho had attempted to show them how pleasant evening's at home could be made, and as there were now published several hand-bonks which' treated on these popu lar subjects ho could recommend them to their notice und he trusted that these studies would lend them to find that; homo could bo mnde attractive, and that thorn was no necessity for them to go to the streets to lind pleasant evenings. V.y the lecture he ATV TTin-lpff: niilr ili'sircd in sirnnsn (.heir curiosity, uud trusted they would bu able to follow it up to something higher und bettor. During tho interludes between the experi ments, a choir, led by two violins and a har monium gave several anthems which were rendered iu a most excellent manner. The juvenile organist, which we learned is a son of Mr .Turrot, performing his part on the instrument with great tasto and precision. Wo have to state that Mr Higlett wus very ably assisted in his scientific experiments by Mr Tanner, who seems quite as much at homo in tho labaratory'as amomjst hardware. The usual vote of thnnks haying boon passed to tho lecturer, and the chairman, the meet inn closed. 