News and Notes. Mittagoitg is a regular flower-garden of Christian charity. Eleven British soldiers have died from the cholera in Egypt. Power, the bushranger, is to be re leased from Pentridge in October. The death is announced of Mr. Dennis O'Connor, Home Rule member for Sligo. Details which have been received from Zululand state that the wives of Cetewayo were also put to death by Usibepu. The Paris " Figaro " states that Cap tain Johnston, of H.M.S. Dryad declines to admit the state of siege proclaimed by the French at Tamatave, in Madagascar. A steamer is being built for a Mel bourne company which ia to carry 1000 passengers, and travel 20 miles an hour. The French authorities at Tamatave have released the English subjects who were recently placed under arrest by order of the French Admiral. Waeenamdool fanners are feeding their pigs on potatoes. It is being dis covered that Warrnambool is not the only district that will grow potatoes. The death is announced of General Sir William Fenwick Williams, K.O.B., aged 82\. The deceased general was well known for the part he took in the defence of Kara during the Crimean war in 1855. The Kev. J. B. Gribble, founder and superintendent of the Warrangesda abo riginal mission, bas accepted an offer from the Bishop of Perth to open a mission in Western Australia. jJJlT is in contemplation to invite the Minister of Public Instruction and other members of the Government to visit Young to lay tho foundation-Btone of the new publio sohool about to be erected. The Hobart Mercury reports the death of Mr. George Arnold, formerly the Grand Good Templar of Tasmania, For thirty-three years he drank nothing but water, declining even a cup of tea or coffee. The railway journey, Melbourne to Sydney, consumes 25J hours. It is shown that the run can be made in 15 hours, as a special train recently travelled ever the 190 miles between Melbourne and Albury, that is one-third of the. distance between the capitals, in 5 hours. It is a singular but indisputable fact, that the young man who. has just won three games of billiards walks up town with a prouder stride than the laithful young fellow who has been digging away at his desk for five hours steady. De. Andrew Bosp, M.P. for Molong, and Mr. Kinna, a solicitor, nearly had a set-to with fistcufis at the local police court on Tuesday, 17th instant; so says the local paper. Mr. Kinna called Dr. Robs a liar and a lunatic, and Dr. Boss asked him outside. Fists and finger snappings were then interchanged, and Dr. Boss asked for a summons, out was advised to '' sleep on it." On Thursday a first-class house of a rooms, with a splendid garden, orchard and two acres of land, was offered at auc' tion at Temora. The highest bid was 47i 10s. The house is insured for 225? and a year's premium has been paid, ' The idea entertained some time sinco of forming a coursing club in Goulbuin has been abandoned fill next season. The promoters are of opinion that hares are not yet plentiful enough in the neigh, bourhood to decide a match in a reason able time. Two sidos to a question.—Bank Man agar: "Don't you find, Mr. Bobinson" that these—a—the rehearsals interfere with your duties at the office P" Amateur Juvenile Lead (blandly): No, sir, not at all; but I find the duties of the office in terfere a great deal with my rehearsals." A WELL-KNOWN attorney, about to finish a bill of costs in connection with some recent prosecutions for selling light bread, was requested by a'client, a baker to make it aB light as ne could. "Ah!" replied the attorney, "that's what you may say to your foreman, but it's not the way I make my bread." Muoh sympathy is felt for Gustave Aimard, called the French Fenimora Cooper. He is nowan inmate of an asy lum, and though incapable of moving from paralysis, his constant supplication is to promenade in the country and to ba married. Obutchley, a Forbes man, went ta Bourke, and there met a " townio," whom he recognised by his dialect. They inter changed confidences and discovered they were Brothers. They had been living one at Forbes and the other at Parkes— for 43 years, and neither knew that his brother was in Australia. The Elephant.—Button has said that the elephantine race has more tonderness and sensibility in the bottom of the heart than the human race. There was an elephant once who knew how to play the piano, and used to travel with a circus in a foreign laud. One day when he was just going to play the march from 'Faust' on a new piano, he suddenly paused and wept bitterly. " What is the matter with you, Caliban P" asked his keeper. The elephant pointed with his trunk to the ivory keys. The poor brute had recognised the teetn of his mother.—No Lie ! Mb. Gilbert Smith, of Tooram, an nounces through the Melbourne papers that he is prepared to execute orders for Indian servants from Madras on long terms of agreement. The servants have been specially selected by a lady in India, and a large number who have already been ordered are expected to land within a few weeks. It is stated that cooks wanted will be chosen_ from men who have had a good training from French chefs, These is an unpretending mission in Sydney city being carried on by a China man amongst his countrymen. It was commenced more than seven years ago. A young man came over from California, ana whilst earning a scanty subsistence by selling small wares, conceived the idea of teaching some of his benighted people. As many as were willing to learn were gathered into a schoolroom to be taught to read. Mr. George Sotto Chen has stuck manfully to his work, and he has with him now some of the lads who placed themselves under his care at the begin ning. The Armidale Gas Company has been floated; £8000 in £1 shares. It was calculated that only £6000 would be re quired, but it was deemed advisable to make the capital £8000, iu order that th'ire might be a sum available for future extension if deemed necessary. The amount to be called up per share will, therefore, only amount to 15s. The termr are; Is per share on application, Is pes share on allotment. The third call of 2s. per share will not bo made for a period of two or three months. Thereafter the calls are not to exceed 2s per share per month. It is anticipated that the 15s per share will not be required to be paid before ex piration of ten months. The matter was taken up most enthusiastically, 3500 shares being subscribed at the meeting in a very few minutes. 6652 shares are taken up. A Monster and an Earl.—For four generations there has been a mystery at Glamis Csstle which no one has ever been able to fathom (writes an English paper). Some said it was a ghost, others a mysteriously bidden treasure; but rumours of a more or less uncanny nature floated round the country, and have done so far abou 93 years. Four Earls of Stratlimore have seated them selves in ancestral state at Westminis ter, and yet all the while the real Earl, the eldest of the family was alive, hidden in the vast old feudal palace at Glamis. He died only last year, aged 92 yearr, and he was a monster. He stood 8 feet in height. His head and the upper part of his body resembled that of a toad. His skin was marked with black and white blotches, and his hands were webbed. He could not speak or heai, but his eyes were bright but wild. He never showed signs of reason, and in order to avoid legal difficulties and painful revelations, this horror was hidden in a building erec ted on purpose. His gaolers were paid handsome annuities to keep silent. As each Earl succeeded to the estate he was taken to see this terrific creature, and it is said that one of these gentlemen almost lost his reasiSa in beholding this loathsome and gi gantic horror. Last year the poor wretch died, and his secret has come out, owing to difficulties concerning the disposal of his remains. The most extraordinary part of it all is that the whereabouts of the monster Earl was kept so wonderfully quiet, and also that he lived to such an advanced age. Glamis Castle is the one referred to in Macbeth. The Bad and Wobthlesb are never imi tated or counterfeited. This is especially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proot that the remedy imitated iB of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested ana proved by the whole world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most valuable fam ily medicine on earth, many imitationBBprang up and began to steal the notices in wliicu the press and the people of the country Iiao expressed the merits of H.B., and in every way trying to induce suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to mako money on the oredit and good name of aM. Many others started nostrums put up m sun ilar stylo to H.B., with variously devised names in whioh the word "Hop" or "How were used in a way to induce people to believ they were the same as Hop Bitters. All suca pretended remedies or cures, no matter wm their style or name is, and espeoiauy tuos with the word "Hop" or "Hops in tne name or in any way conneotoa witn tw»i their name, are imitations or counterfeit. Beware of them. Touoh none of' nothing but genuine American Hop ' with a bunoh or cluster of green Hope on white label, with Dr. Soulo's namei blovra m in the glass. Trust nothing eke. Druggy and Chemists are warned against dealing imitations or counterfeits. tflus principal actors were called before the ourtain at tho conclusion of each act and honestly and deservedly cheered.— Echo. The art of preaching a good sermon has been betrayed by on able ecclesiastic. His formula for making a popular preacher is one third voice and personal presence, one-third sensational selection of topics, and one-third heresy. These proportions may be a little varied to .suit different communities. Aquatic.—In the Pullman Re gatta, the single scull race was •won by Hanlan after a close con test with Hosmer, in very quick time. The double scull race ' was won by Hanlan and Lee with great ease. In the Consolation single scull race, a young Pensyl vanian namedTeemer, only 18 years old, distinguished himself by lower ing the best previous three-mile re cord—Courtney's, 14|sec., by half a second. Ho promises to be the successor of Hanlan, who, by the ■way intends to reside permanently in Chicago. Trickett would be nowhere among this galaxy of Am erican oarsmen. Crimes.—The newspapers will put you in possession of toe budget of American misdemeanours, which are unusually large for tire mouth, and therefore I need not recapitulate One case deserves mentioning, how ever. It appears that a Dr. Hatha way, a practical abortionist, of Phil adelphia, was in the habit of dis posing of the dead bodies of infants murdered by him in two ways—by feeding the family stove with the bodies for fuel, and feeding two bull dogs with the flesh which could not otherwise be consumed. He also buried some of the bodies, and the bones of 40 odd children have been •exhumed. His wife and son have appeared against him. The facts are too patent to he denied; but in asmuch as there is a regular traffic in dead bodies in most public in stitutions in America, the reve lation of Hathaway's crimes has not produced half as much public in terest as a seusational scandal about ■some popular actress or public man would do. There have been lynch ings in nearly every State of the TJniou, while crimes have kept in creasing with the increase of popu lation from the scum of Europe. E. Neics. Madagascar.—A letter dated June 13, in Le Progress Colonial, at Port Louis, Mauritius, says:— Tamatave is to-day a French town. On Sunday, 10th June, at a quarter to 8 in the morning, the Flore, com manded by Admiral Pierre, a gentleman ©f colour from Martin ique, an officer of great energy, and one of most distingushed in the French marine, fired the first can non shot; five other vessels contin ued the fire. The Nievre, which was at anchor at the point of Tama tave Harbour, bombarded the. town at the back, while the other at the front kept up a brisk fire at the fort and up to Point Tanmau. The guns did not cease firing un til half-past 5 in the e vening. Tama tave was burning brightly. All the Malagasy houses covered with straw surrounding the fort were com pletely destroyed. The houses of French and English were pierced by bullets. On Monday, at 20 minutes past 6 the guns continued firing. Two ships of war were sent to the ooast near Manourhou, burn ing everything. Two others were sent to bombard and burn Foulpointe Mahambo, Tenerife, and the vessels all returned to Tamatave. Here the Flore and the Boursaint, having pieces that carried a long distance used them with a considerable amount of execution, and ceased firing at 8 o'olock in the evening. On Tuesday, at 3 o'olook in the morning, a force of marines was landed, and took possession of the town and fort, burning and destroy ing all the houses of the Malagasys, killing all who were committing depredations on property. On "Wednesday the French commenced to fortify the battery; on Thursday the French flag was flying from the port. Admiral Pierre organised a Government by appointing a mayor, colleotor of customs, harbour mas ter. The same day it was notified to the consuls that the Hova flag no longer existed, and that for the fu ture the Frenoh would carry on the administration at Tamatave. Tama tave is a desolate-looking place. The priests of the missions ana the Sisters of Charity axe in the greatest despair. Research in Sanitary Science. —Subject to the conditions of their scheme, the Grocers' Company now announce as the matter of compe tition for the first Quadrennial Dis covery Prize of £1,000 for original research in sanitary science the fol lowing problem:—"To discover a method by which the vaccine con tagium may be cultivated apart from the animal body, in some med ium or media not otherwise zymotic, the method to be euch that the contagiummayby meansof itbe mul tiplied to an indefinite extent in successive generations, and tliat the product after any number of such generations shall ( bo far as can within the time be tested) prove it self of identical potency with stand ard vaocine lymph." The prize is open to universal competition, Brit ish and foreign. Competitors for the prize must submit their respec tive treatises on or before the 31st j of December, 1886, and the award j will be made as soon afterwards as the circumstances of the competition ; shall permit, not later than the j month of May. Hogarth and Calais Gate.— The municipality of Calais are carrying out their scheme for level ling the fortifications about their town, and so extending its limits to include the neighbouring and much larger suburb of St. Pierre. The deep, surrounding fosses, filled with stagnant, pestilent waters, are also to De removed. At the Peace of Paris of 1815 some Nottingham lacemakers, settling in the then lit tle village of St. Pierre, set up there a tulle manufactory, which now em ploys upwards of 10,000 hands, be ing one-third of the total suburban population, and nearly equal to that of Calais itself. It is proposed to erect between Calais and St. Pierre a groat central railway station or gave, a theatre, and a large hotel de tille. With the defences will dis appear the old gate and drawbridge which forms a background for Hogarth's "O, the Roast Beef of Old England!" engraved by him and Moseley in the year 1749. Soon after the second Peace of Aix-la Chapelle (1748), Hogarth crossed over to France, but his journey came to an abrupt end at the port of land ing. Tiiken into custody while sketching at Calais-gate, he was led before the authorities, who placed him and his sketch- book under a searching examination. They thereupon committed Hogarth to the charge of < ne Grandsire, his landlord, who undertook that he should nut quit his lodgings except to embark for England.—Builder. Can't Peeach Good.—No man can do a good job of work, preacli a gooJ sermon, try a lawsuit well, doctor a patient, or write a good article when he feels miserable and dull, with filugjrisli brain and unstrung: nerves,' and none should make the attempt in such a condition when it can be so easily and cheaply removed by a little Hop Bitters. Look for. 