MELBOURNE. (from our own correspondent. ) Saturday. J-he news winch reached lis to-day of the result of tho trial of Joe Brady, one of the assassins of Lord Cavendish and Mr Burke, was received with general satisfaction. Kow tho Inner Circle find that the forces at the disposal of the Government are strong enough to cope with the murder organisatation, and bring its instruments to justice, it is probable that a wholesome effect will be produced upon those who otherwise might have enrolled themselves as mem bers. The proportion of men who are willing to sacrifice themselves is small even amongst assassins. Tho Water Trusts—or at all events some of those bodies—are growing im patient at the delay which has occurred in placing funds at their disposal for the purposes of their work either in progress or in contemplation. A sort of "strike " has set in, tho head and front of the initia tion of which appears to have been the Water Trust at St. Arnaud, which body, it appears, has been urging other trusts to discontinue all action in connection with their works on the 30th May, unless tho money considered to bo duo to them from the State is placed at their disposal prior to that date. The Swan Hill Trust was, I understand, the first to fall in with tho suggestion, and that of Avoca has now followed suit. The bone of contention between tho Trusts and the Department has reference to tho production of vouchers, the Government insisting upen the presentation of such documents beforo issuing tho necessary funds. Tho " Haunted Stream" will probably be visited before long by beings much more substantial than the ghosts to which it owes its name, seeing that tho track recently opened up by directions of the Mining Department has led to the discovery of auriferous quartz near the banks of that singularly-named river. The new discovery is situated about half way between Bairnsdale and Omeo, and Mr A. W. Howitt, the local goldlields warden, in his report for last month, in forms tho Minister that he lias heard very favorable reports of the reefs, although ho has not yet had an oppor tunity of paying a personal visit to tho spot. The members lof the Salvation Army, since tho recent discomfiture of their leader in the police court, have boon buoyed up by the hope that the conviction would not stand the ordeal of tho Supreme Court, but that hope has been disap pointed, for to-day Judge Higinbotham affirmed the decision of the magistrates. The principal grounds upon which Mr Hodges based his application to quash were that tho summons disclosed two offences, viz., not obtaining permission to have the procession, and not giving proper notice of it; that the by-laws were only in tended to apply to special occasions, and that the corporation had gono beyond tlicir power in framing tho bye-law under which the conviction was obtained. His Honor did not consider any of tho objec tions tenable, and refused to quash tlio conviction. Tho Victorian Trotting Club held a mixed race meeting this afternoon on their picturesque course at Elstcrnwick, and tiie weather being very fine there was a considerable attendance of spectators. The following were the events with tho results in each case Three Minute Class Trot, in two mile heats. Best two in three :—Dick Goldsbrough, 1,2,1 : Dag worth, 2,1,2. Flying Stakes, five fur longs—Gudarz, 1; King Charles, 2; Westbury, 3. Time, lmin. 4secs. Han dicap Hurdle Bace—Merry Maid, 1 ; Cavalier, 2 ; Deceiver, 3. Time, 3min. 1-l|sec3. Two Forty-fivo Class Trot, mile beats. Best three in five—Sylph, 1,1,2,1 ; Von Moltke, Jun., 2,2,1,2; Fright, 3,1,3,3. The South Melbourne cricketing team, playing against Carlton, and without having the assistance of Blackhain oi Palmer, were disposed of to-day for 15S runs. Slight was top scorer, with a well got G9, and Gibson, a very promisins young player, carried out his bat for 33" A man, who gave his name as Edward Allen, was arrested tliisjmorning on sus picion of attempting to rob the English and Scottish Bank at Brighton. For tho last few days suspicious characters have I been observed about the premises, and recently a watch-dog was found to have been injured about the head. About one this morning a man knocked at tho bank door, and the manager, who had been on the alert, seized liim, and handed him over to the police. [By Electric Telegraph.] Sunday. Tho body of a man has been found near Brander's ferry, apparently about 40 years old. Ho was respectably dressed, and evidently has been in a good position. He had a cheque for £1G in his pocket, with small sums in gold and silver. A largo canvas bag was tied round his neck by a clothes' line, ' containing stone weighing half a hundredweight, and all his pockets were filled with road metal, as were also his trousers at tho bottom of the legs. He is supposed to have committed suicide. The body was taken to the morgue. 