THE LAND. It has been evolved, in accordance with Mr. Parnell's j desire, to transform the branches of the Land and Labour La Hogue of Great Britain, some 240 in number, into branches of the Irish National League, and a circular has been issued to those bodies. As yet, however, only a small proportion of the branches hen o acceded to the proposal, most of them having deferred their reply to the circular until the suggestion has been thoroughly discussed A step has been taken towards the amalgamation of the American Land League, the chief Irish-American organisations have signified to the organising committee in Dublin their ap- urns! of the programme of the Irish National League. Mr Parnell has rec ched a telegram from America requesting that Mr. foxton should attend the convention there next month, for the purpose of reorganising the Land League of America into a National League. Mr. Seaton will sail immediately. Mr Biggar has been committed for trial by the Waterford magistrates at the forthcoming issues for seditious language, bail of a modest amount being taken for his au perance, 11 himself in £100, and two sureties in £50 each. It is satisfactory to know that the formalities of a State trial will be dispensed with, and Mr Biggars offence will in all probability be sufficiently punished without being unduly magnified Three Lniorgeucy bailiffs were attacked at Upper Cross, county Tipperary, by an armed party on January 2. It appears that the men were proceeding to the alleged forgery stone when they were assailed. In the dreadful struggle which ensued, the Property Defence men fired three revolver shots and one charge of buckshot. A man named Gleeson, of Upper Cross, one of the assailants, was shot dehad Others were wounded, The police subsequently arrested ill e of the attacking party dastardly outrage was perpetrated at Ashford, county Limerick. A large farmer named 1 bowns Neligan, for some cause or other, has incurred the displeasure of the land agitators, and he has been subjected to annoy once for a considerable time. His house has been entered late at night by armed parties A. mouth ago a large rick of hay was burned. The other night the cowhouse, out-offices, and dairy-house were discovered to be in flames, and the fire had made such progress that all efforts to got it under proved a unavailing, boven cone, a valuable mare, and a colt were roasted to death, and a large amount of property was consumed. The correspondent of the Globe, who has been on a visit to what he terms the " Wild West," thus speaks of one of the towns -" I inspected the town of Roscommon, an assize town, adorned with three mighty buildings-the poor- house, the infirmary, and the courthouse, all splendid structures, the latter being decorated with pillars of Ionic order. But the town itself ' A more miserable hamlet I have seldom seen even in Ireland, with its shabby-genteel slated houses and dirty green-streaked thatched cabins, and around resolute, low-lying landscape, drowned in water. con versing with a labourer, however, I discovered that HosBom 11 on had been recently 1 visited by a great blessing. A fire 1 al ctnsumeJ ball the 1 retched town, and the rebuilding had afforded piuihemphiincut to the poor of the neighbourhood 11 way market day, 1 and I had a good opportunity of observing the Connaught peasantry they seemed a quiet, much suffering p open, show in" their speech and merriment, wanderer to and fro with three donkeys, and a answering all questions 171th great public best, and always I 1 with the addition of four hone r,' in compliment, 1 , I suppose, to a coat which was not freeze. Looking fit and talking with these people, once readily finds ltdillkiiif to imagine that the 3 ( an be capable of the tumble and merciless out! ages which at one time to time the commit or conceal And so passed my first day in the Wild West " The vines of the three condemned men in Galway Prison for the Lough Mask murders visited them on January 10 and the by before for the first time since sentence was passed Up to that time the men were in good spirits, but they have since become melancholy. The men are very silent as to their guilt, and it is believed they will make no statement. Unlike the other condemned turners who have been lodged in Galway, they have not been visited by nuns, nor have they expressed any desire in that direction, they are resigned to their fate, and attend to their religious duties in thobsrraoks/at Buttevant, county Cork, on January 11, some soldiers of the 10th Regiment were skylarking;, and one of them named Richmond, who was putting another, named Mel soil, through his drill, commended the latter to use The latter did so, and Uliltd Richmond on the spot Mornott ran away, but over a found concealed under a heap of straw in a farmer's yard, two miles from the barn ks. He was lodged in the bridewell at Mallooo A statement is current in Galovuv. and is gaining credence amongst the superstitious, from the ghost of Moles Joyce, the man who declared his innocence of participation in the Mmimtiiisna runs were on the s< afford last month, is seen nightly around and either the prison of Galway, Love soldiers, it is said, were visited while on their guard outside the gaol, a night or two ago, by a tall man- terions figure that laid hold of their rifles The matron and warders. have, It is further said, applied for a transfer. 