Latest by Telegraph LONDON, JAN. 24/ta. Messrs. Healjr, Dnvitt, and Quinn wore brought up at tho Dublin Court to-daj charged with having used seditious language in spoocnoB de livered in various parts o£ the country. They wero liberated under heavy bail, being bound ovor tp keep tho pence, and failing compliance to undergo six months incarceration. Tho Empress Eugenio returned from Paris to-day. It !b understood that tho object of her visit was of a distinctly political character, and that Her Majesty has succeeded iu re uniting the Bonnpartist party. _ Tho election of a Member of Par liament for Mallow, County Cork, took placo to-day, and resultod in tho return of Mr O'Brien, Nationalist, who dofoated the Government candi date. CAPE TOWN, Jan. 21-tii, Cetowayo has -arrived nt Ullundi under escort of a British force and his reinstatement will take place in tho course of tho noxt fow days. SYDNEV, Thuusdat. ' Both teams of crickotors havo arrived and havo had somo good prac tice. Thore is great excitemont ovor the match'. It is rumoured tho Aus- traliaus are disorganised and will not work together with tho regularity which distinguishes tho play of tho Englishman. MULWALA, THUMDAT. John Youl, . on remand, charged with .obtaining £5 from William. M'Crncken of tho Royal- Hotel by means of a valuless cheque was brought, up before Captain ;Hnre P.M. to.day, and committed for trial. ; MELBOURNE, Thuusdat 8 r:xi. . Melbourne political gossip is busy about the Ministerial position. Somo politicians assert that the Ministerial party cannot survive for threo weokB after meoting Parliament, in conse quence of tho failure to float the loan. It is also rumoured that the Govern ment have it in contemplation, in order to forestall tho Opposition, to dissolve the house. As. yet all iB mere rumour, but the Government will probably decide definitely on the course to be adopted by them in a .few days. The .trial of the Woods' and Wes- tirighoUso brakes was made to.day between Spencer-street and the Wfit- ribob. 1 Tho report is not, definite: enough to allow of the public to judge of their respective moritB. Corowa -Land Office,— There wero no selections applied for at this office yester day. The Biter. — The Murray, last night, at Wahgnnyah, was 9 inches above summer lovel, and falling, Eutherolen Fibe Brigade. — This bri gade bae determined not to compote at the forthcoming Sandhurst demonstration, but will bo represented by ono or moro of its members. ;; . Eubezzleuent by a Station- Maoter. — Mr. J. Melville, station-ihastor at Dim boola, has been arrostod by Detootivo Potter, on the charge of ombezzling the sum of £73. The VieroBUw Year-booe.— Wo havo received from Mr. H. Hay tor, Govornraont Statist, the Victorian year-book for 1881 82\. > As usual it contains a mass of useful statistical information, which cannot fail to bo of tho greatest valuo. Eutherolen Shire Secretary,— ,Mr. Louis Lo Gould, tho now secretary for tho Ruthorglcn Shiro, rolioved Mr. Donald Brown of offico work during tho past wcok. Mr. Lo Gould has beon busy tho last , day or two arranging tlio books and papers of t.hfi nhirn whinli wnrn in n. v/vrvr mv-nrl Orioeet.— Today tho third, and what may bo considered tho deciding match, will be playod between tho Hon. Ivo Bligh'o toam, and tho Australian Eleven, at Syd ney. Numbers havo gono overland from Melboumo to Syduoy to witness tho con test, which is ouro to draw a largo crowd of spectators.' " ... Fire lnburance.--Th0 Union Firo and Marino Insuranco Company of Now Zea land announce in our advertising columns that Mr. Hornco Dorriek has boon appointed . agpnt for tho company at Ruthorglcn, 1 and that ho is jireparod to accept fire- risks -of all descriptions on tho most favourablo terms. -Come Lecture.-1- At tho Town Hall, Eutliorglen, this ovoning Mr. W E. Adcock will give a comio leoturo, ontitlod, "Man, woman, and child" in aid of tho sufferers by tho Creswick ' disaster, Tho prico of admission is only is. and as Mr, Adcock is reputed to be a very ablo looturor tbo attendance should bb largo. New South Waleb Government Ga zette.— Tlio annual contribution loviod t» meet tho exponscs of tho "Diseases in 8hcop Act" has been reduced to 5s. for every thousand sheep or portion thoroof. Tho annual meeting of oheop nnd largo stock ownors, oligiblo to voto undor tlio "DiBcases in Sheep Act Amendment Act," and the "Pastures and Stock Protection Acta," nro requested to moot at tho Corowa Court Hou8o, at noon, on Wednesday, 28th Fob., to elcot directors for tho district. A .Crown land oalo'will bo hold at Corowa on Wednesday, 7th Fob, A Challenge , — In; our; i advertising columns Joseph Trovillian challenges to run T. Donnelly for £20 in tlireo events of 100, 100, and 200 yaids. .. WIieat MArke.— Atl3chuca 4s. Gd; per bushel is tbo ruling prico for whoat, and also at tho Bennlln station. At Horsham on Tuesday a sudden rieo took placo, and a largo quantity changed hands at 4s. 7d., ana ono parcel realised 4s. 8d. East Sydney Election.— Great interest whs ovinccd in tlio polling for East Sydnoy, which took placo on Tuesday last. Tho result of-tho polling was as follows t— Mr.- Copoland, 2,942; Dr. Eonwick, 1,397. Ma? jority for Mr. Copoland, 1,645. Stock Crossinos. — Tho following havo been the crossings at "Wahgilnyah mnco our lost lssuo, t— 060 fat sheop, .belonging to Mr. J, Ryan, Yanko, trucked for Mul bourno ; 72 fat cattlo, bolonging to Mr. J. H. SptUer, Dubbo station, trucked for Mol bourne. The Charge Aoainst Mr. E. S. Harris, — Tho inquiry into tho ohargo preferred, against Mr. E. 8. Harris, lata of the BeeckworthfStato school, was concluded on Monday last, Tho cvidonco tqkon is , iin dorstood.to bo of an . important charaotor, and will'be submitted to tho Minister of Education, . . . ; Sketches of tub Buffalo Mountains. — 1 Tho Illustrated Australian Ncxv s in to hand, and proves to bo a'voiy excellont number. Amongst tho illustrations nro a number of skotches entitled "A holiday tonr on tlio Buffalo Mountains," whioh aro from tho pencil of Mr. B. Camm, late of - tbo 'Rnth- orglon Stato School, and now of Colac. The' Baxnfall.— A table has jast beon Sublished, drawn out .nt tho Moibburno ibBbrvntery, ahowing tho rainfall for De- comber' at all the rain-gaugo stations, in Victoria, with one cxcoptlon, from whioh no report has boon received— that bxooption is Wnhgnhynh; where tho local post and telegraph offico is tho rain- gaugo station. Acknowledgement. — W« havo received tlm Illustrated Sydney News for Jan. 20th, which is a very attraotivo number. A coloured supplement, giving an incidont of pioneer life in the north, is quito a work of art. There aro many excellent illustrations; tho wreck of tho Now England, Sydney suburbs, and tho return of holiday makers from tho Now Yenr's Day Tattersairs mooting at Bandwick. being chosen nn snbjeots. Accident at Howlong.— An accident of a Bomewhat serious naturo happened at nowlong last. Friday evening. : A man named James Thompson was cleaning ont a well for Mr. W. Smith, and when ho had finished gavo' the signal to bo hauled np. Whon ho was about soven feot from tho bottom tho bricks in tho well gavo way and covered Thompson up to his neck. A rescuing party was at once collcotad, and after nino hoars work Thompson won hnnlcd to tho surface, fortunately very littlo tho worse for' what ho had gono through.: Concert, at Rutherolen.— Although climatic . conditions woro unfavourable thcrb was a good attendance nt tbo. com plimentary benefit, tendered by tho ama teurs of. Enthorglcn last Friday night to Mr. Thomas Sampson. Tho Misses Biker, Parker, Huht, and Ehret, and Messrs. Cooper, Ritchio, Goslott, and Adcook, toga thor with tho Enthorglon Minstrels, took part. The ontortainraont passed off very nleasantlv and concluded with a far on. titled "Tho spirit walker/ which put everybody in a good liumour. A danco followed tho concert, ' which was wotl. at tended, and proved . successful in every respect. Victorian '.Government ' Gazette. — Applications to participate in tlio graht of £3,000 for the purchaoo of; bnokscfor Me chanics' Institutes or . Public LibrariGs -in country . districts will' bo received pc the Chief' Secretary's offico uritil the 31st fnSt. A Crown land salb will be beld at Chiltern on Thursday, tbo 36tU Fob; The Wah- gunyah Goldficlds Common/ -it is notified/ is increased by ah nrca,of.5,Qp6.ao'res. Tho application of James McEvojr,' Y>f Lilllpnt, for a leaso. of :41a. . 3v. SOp. hna bcori' apt proved. A County Court , will bo hold at Rutherglon on Monday, 19fch Fbb./andulsb1 a Court of Mines. Returned. — Mr Cam m, assistant tebchor at tbo Rutherglcn Stato School, who re cently loft with her huBband for Colao, boa returned to Rutherglon. and resumed duty. It appears that when Mr. Canim was trans, forroa . by tho' Education Deportment to Colao, to take charge of a Bchool thoro, it was not known whether, his.wifo would also bo appointed a teOohor in tho samo school. It now appeanrthe .attcndanco.is not suffi cient to require ' another teaohor. The: Education Department notified to Mrs. Camm that she must oither roturn to Rnth- erglen or resign. Mrs. Camm determined to do tho former, and fulfil tho duties of assistant teacher, until there is a sufficient increase of soholars at tho Colao briiool to need the services of an additional teacher. The Eutherolen Mystery.— Last Sun day afternoon a young'mdn named Elliott, residing near Lake Moodomere, gave infor mation to tho Rnth'erglen police that ho had been stopped on tiio road by an' indi vidual, evidently : a madman, who had thrown a.largo pioco of quartz nt his head, Tho police at orico turned out-assisted by about ono hand tod residents and scoured tho country in every direction, but the' cpadman could not bo found. Every ovon ing sinco search parties have been out but; without , finding anybody. Tho real solution of tho mystery appears to bo that a number of vineyard proprietors have ha'd a; considerable quantity of grapes stolon by boys at night-time, who havo alsoidamagcid tho vines to a considornblo oxtent, bo ,q. " ghost" or " madman" ; ocaro has been raised -to frighten them.' Passing a Valueless Cheque.— A great sensation was caused in Rutherglen on Monday, when the news became known that Henry St. John M'Naughtan, secre tary to the Lake Moodemere Regatta Com mittee, had been arrested by Constable M'Conville. It appears that last Friday Mr. M'Naughtan gave a cheque for £1, drawn on the regatta funds, and signed by himself as secretary, to Mr. Simpson, of the Terminus Hotel. The cheque was dis honoured, and it being alleged that Mr. M'Naughtan was not authorised by the re gatta committee to sign the cheque, he was arrested, and brought before Mr. Reeve, J.P. Mr. Reeve, before taking any evidence, adjourned the case until the 9th February, when the police magistrate will attend. Bail was allowed in one surety of £50, Mr Baker, hotelkeeper, became surety. Mysterious Disappear anqd.— On Moh-! day evening tho Richmond polico received information that four larrikins woro.on tlio Yarra in a bonfc, whioh liad been lured by a gentleman at tho boat-sheds somo short timo previously for tho purpose of takiug oxerciflo/ Tho polico with littlo difficulty , obtained possession of tbo boat, tbo Inrri-' kino abandoning it. In tho bottom of it the clothes of a uiau wero found, folded up, with tho pockots turned insido out. Somo lotters and tolograms addressed to Mr. E. 8\. Harris woro discovered about tho cloth ing and an cnvcl&po; addrcoBod to Mrs, Harris; Finch'strect Boccliworth. togethor: with o numbor of lifo assurance receipts, A letter to Mr, Zincko which complained' of tho trcatmout/ tho writer had rcoeivad from tho Education Dopartmont was also found in tho clothing. Alb doubts as to whether Mr. Harris had. boon drowned or; not, wero sot at root on Wednesday, wiiou his body was found floating in tho Yarra! near Brandor's Forry. An inquest will be held on Monday morning. Local Grain Iaricet.— Tho following: WorO tho pHtSeo 'givon for grain in Corowa; yesterday j-Twhtat/. 4s. per buahol;' onite, 3a.; btan arid polldrd, 10d.; flour £11 per toii.' ' ' Serious Fins.— Botweon six and seven o'clock last Friday ovening a firo broko out on tho promises of Mr. George Castle, farmer, Lillipnt. Tho houso, which con sisted of four rooms was completely des troyed,,. togethor with Bomo furniture, "a now sowing maohino and n sum of 'money.' Mr. and Mrs. Castlo wero away from homo whon tho firo broko out; Tho houso was not insured. - - . The late Mr. Jab. Abhton.— Arrange ments aro being mado for' holding Sports, after whioh thoro will bo a< concert and dance, in aid of tbo widow of tho lato Mr. J. Ashton. Tho committeo havo flxod on the 17th_Marcli (St. Patrick's day), as tho day on which to celebrate thom. Saturday, however, .is not a convoniont day for a concert and danco. Wo think Easter Monday, which is only a weok later, would bo far preforablo. . > : . It is recorded in' Auciont History of ono Polybus, that he could toll .(or at loast as sumed to say) how ovory battlo Aloxauder lost might liavo beon. won. But this was beyond tho scopo of human power. Tho highest gonitis of gonoralship Bomctimes fails, under tho forco of adventitious cir- onmstances. Doubtless, thousands have striven to utilize tho Juniper berry, and tliero may bo knowing ones, who liko Polybus, might undertako to say how its essence could bo . best extracted. Bat nothing has ovor been produced -liko Wolfe's Schnavps. It stands alono like tho ono Alexander. The Electric Lioht.— A very fair trial has been (says tho Bendigo Adveriiser)t ac corded 'to tbo olcctrio light in tho Ellen- borough mine, and with tho exception of its use in tho bock, tbo .directors aro satis fied with it, bo far as tho Illumination of tho lovols, crosscuts, and tho shafts aro concerned. Tho diroctorn; in their, half- yearly report to tho shareholders, oxpressed themselves pleased with tho light, nnd con sider that it Is oheapor than tho ordinary ones. It has beon stated that tho Belmont and Saxby Company, whose workings are connected underground with tbo Ellon borough, will nleo adopt, the cleotrio light, tho 8.im« inotivo power which is supplying tho light in ino Ellonborougli being sufficient to provide it for tho Belmont in tbo event of its being decided to adopt it. Revelations by an Irish Prisoner.— Tho Dublin polico yesterday (says a Router's telegram dated Jan. 21st.) nrrC3tod a man named Fair oil, who iu suspected to bo con-- ncctod with tbe recent outrngos. ; On his arrest Farrell offerod to turn informer/ and gavo tho authorities a startling history of crime in Ireland. Ho alleges tbo cxistenco of an innor oirolo of assassins, possessing a complete organization for carrying out their murderous plans. :Ho states that three attempts havo been mado upon tho lifo of Mr Forstor, all of which havo for tunately failed. Theprisonerwasromanded for a weok for tho polioo to' ruako a slrict investigation into tbo truth of his state ment. Tho nows has caused a sensation in Dublin/ and it is hoped the revelations will enable tho ' authorities te end tho terrorism lately exercised in tho city. Saved frok Death. For many yoars David AUIngsworth safforcd with rheumatism, and notwithstanding tho best medical attondanco, could not' find roliof. He damo to tlio Sciota County Poorhouso, and had to bo carriod into and out' of bod on accounc or ins uoipiess conaition. Alter tho failure of nil tho'roniedies which hnd been applied, tho dlrcotors of tho Poor houso resolved to;ueo tho colobrated Gorman remedy, St. Jacobs'.Oil, and 'this' was a for tunate resolation; for, with tho trial of ono bottle, tho pat-font was' atroady .bettor, and when four bottles bad beon used upon ' him he.conld again . wrtlk' Aboqt 'Mthbbt the; lisp of a cane. 'Tho tacts, rs above stated- wfli; be verified, by tho editor of.thoRprtu, mouth-r (Ohio) Co);r by all ebbmists." ' ' ' V ' 1 v Border -Brass Band. — A mobting of 'the. members of this band was held last- Briday ovoning in tho' band-room, Mr..' A, J.jHaryoy being votqd to tlie chair, ;/;Af tor < the.minutus of tho 'previous mooting: bad beenxonfirmod, a lottey was .read from tqo Secretary of the Corowa Fird Brigade, rb-, questing tho. band ,to._qccompany the brigado .to tha Sanlhurst. demonstration,, A short disoussion 'followed! And it was re-' solved to comply with tho'reqnest of. tlio firo brigade, Messrs/ H.;Ldvii?» J. Simpson/' J. F. Donnelly, ' :E;. v.Tllbjh'ps6n, And J: .Thomson woro appointcdo . -not on the committeo. Mr. J. Lbyip,; tho secretary, tendered - hiS:t rcrign'n.tiqh/jwhioh, ,was / re ceived with togrbt, ..; A vbto/'if- thanks was passed, to Mri.:Levitf/fq?;phttVhq Ijad doae in tho past to advanbo-'thb totcrHt's-df the brigade/ Mr. A. \V. HaryeyVwas iip- pointed secretary, aftoc whicfii tub meeting terminated.; . '-1 . New' advertiaehents.-r/rbo'ainoricau; gem company aro now taking) portraits atj their tent in Corowa, and1-, will. tom&jii; j!d three weeks, A notico ftom-r th6 Firo and - Marino In8urancd. Comnhy,- 'd£ whioh Mr. Horacb . Dbrrjbk'1 pointed agent : tar v Rujhdrglo'n,! olsewhoro. JosephTroVilliatt-' bhairdhgea to ran T. Ddnpolly/ tar '£26/:>A /oaletof Crown -lands/tewV'd6Ys)!i:thbvVari8hKof Mnlwala, vrill buhold'bhthd.VtoFobruary. Messrs. J. M'Namarii/RndCahnbunce a great olearing' BaloNit yMufwala, on the 26th, 27th, nnd..28th- Fopruary, for Mr. P. Dann. The e'amb 'fitoJ ahnouncb that they will hold an important .sale o( . houses, at their Yarrawonga ile yards', dn.Thiirsddy/ tho 1st of February.; also soveral snles of farms and :to\yn properties during January and Fobruary.' ' Duties' havo beon resumed at the Corowa seminary. A good general cervaut is required for a roadsido hotel aod post bffioo/ A 'concorb! will bo ' hold on pastor Monday night at tho School of Arts', in aid of tbo Border/ Brass Band, Tho' Mill "Hotel,' Aibury-road, is for -salo or to' .be let. Graham Bros, require .a 2,000-yards tank mado., -Mr. R. Alston praotioal watoh and clook maker, intimatcaitbat he has commenced business in Sangor-streot, op- poaito'thb Eoyal:Hotol; -< ' 