WHERE A TRAGEDY TOOK PLACE. "I wouldn't teat that front wall down for } 20,000 dollars cash," said Mr. ThomaB H. \ Green, of Philadelphia. " Hundreds of J people -nave naked me why I didn't erect a J nicer front when I was overhauling the ,' building," continued Mr. Green, " but I much prefer allowing the old brick front to remus, ' because of the historic associations ot the building. Here it is that Benedict Arnold once made his home. In the early part of the present century the building came into the possession of the ancestors of the well known Burd and Shippen families, whose histories are prominently interwoven with that of the city itself. One of the female members of the Burd family, on dying, bequeathed the property to a relative, with the injunction that the home should never be converted into atores. To disobey this com- mand would necessitate demolishing the front, and so you can see why it-is I wish to allow the wall to remain, because by so doing^ I consider I am complying with the dying in- junction of its former owner. " Do you know there is a romantic story connected with the house ?" said Mr. Green. " About fifty years ago one of the daughters of the Burd family was engaged to be mar- ried to a prominent Southern gentleman. On the night before the day fixed for the wedding a large company was gathered in the parlor of the mansion, and the conversation turned upon ghosts. When the hour for retiring had ar- rived, the ladies were pretty well worked up with the stories they had heard. The betrothed couple lingered a few moments in the parlor, and when the lady expressed a fear of meeting with a ghost, her brother spoke up and said : * Look out for the ghost of Benedict Arnold to-night.' The Southerner, handing the lady a pistol, said -. " Place this under your pillow, and if any ghost appears don't be afraid to shoot." The brother, who was a sort of dare- devil fellow, resolved to have some fun. He' contrived to steal the weapon away from his sister, and when everybody waa asleep he dressed himself up in the uniform of an officer of the Continental army. Entering the chamber of his Bister, he made a noise which awoke her, and when the terrified girl saw what Bbe believed to be the ghost of Arnold she set up euch a screaming that she awakened the houshehold. In a few minutes I the room was filled with the other members of the family. When the matter was ex- plained by the erring brother, the future husband of his sißter became bo angry that he grossly insulted the young man, and then and there challenged him to fight a duel. In a few hours the preliminaries were all arranged. A little piece of woods in the south-western part of the city was selected, which they reached about daylight. Pistols were produced, and the two plucky men faced each other at twenty yards distance. At the first fire both fell mortally wounded, and when the seconds and the physicians drove up to_ the mansion in the early hours of the morning, they tenderly conveyed two corpses to a resting place within its portals, and the heart-broken histor was compelled to mourn the untimely death of a brother and a lover." -"_,-._ 