The Novelist, The Forsaken Bride. Br Mas. GKOBQB SKELDON, AUTHOB of BSOWNIE'B TaruaiPH. CHAPTER XLT.-PUNISHMENT OP THE GUILTY. « Their SMOTHER !" shrieked the earl, wi burst of almost maniacal laughter. " ^ mother is dead ! Now I know that you hav lied, for I saw her go down in the English G nel. She was dead when I last looked upoi face before she sank, and though I put ou hand to save ber even then, she floated away ; me, and was carried down into the depths. His words were wild, and he had jerked t out with difficulty at intervals, while he cow and shook like a man who has an ague. His eyes glared fiercely, bis face was blood while the flesh seemed to shrink and wither v hi* bones, with the horror which possessed hb Kenneth, too, appeared utterly astounded the announcement. It was, indeed, almost too much to believe, if proved true, what utter ruin it must bring t all the earl's dearest hopes 1 There was a painful silence for several mim after Lord Durward ceased speaking. Notwithstanding ;the contempt and seve with which his visitors regarded him, yet a f ing of deepest pity moved their hearts a3 t looked upon his wretchedness. . Their silence seemed to strip from him his '. hope. Had they reasoned or argued with him, it wo have appeared more aa if their position was wi and needed BU staining. But their quiet composure, their unmoved s confidence, their glances of pity, all seemed confirm beyond a doubt their assertions. " Their mother is dead, I tell you. You can cheat me into believing any such fable," he s again, but his voice sounded weak, and tremb like the voice-of tho very aged. " The Lady Madeline is not dead, my lord ; t was saved from a watery grave, improbable as may seem," returned Sir Horace, very gently, t conclusively. "I will never believe it until I see her with i own eyes," whispered his lordship, in a scarc< audible voice, while with his shaking hands wiped; the clammy drops from bis brow. " Can you bear to soe her ?" Sir Horace ask« with a compassionate look. " Yes, if Bhe is in the land of the living, I c bear to look upon her 5 it will be better than believe myself haunted by her ghost. I can be anything now," he muttered ramblingly. Sir Horace arose, and went out into tho gre hall. In another moment he reappeared, leading tall, queenly looking woman. Her hair was silvery white, and Bhe, too, wi very pale, while the hand which lay upon her coi panion's arm trembled visibly. Otherwise si appet red very calm and stately, and looked vei handsome clad in her robes of rich black velve only relieved by delicate costly lace at her thro! and wrists. ," Madam Leicester !" burst forth Kenneth, i startled, suppressed tones, as his eyes fell upo her familiar luce. Then, with a groan, he sank back into his seal bowed his bead upon^his hands, and waited t hear the rest. He had no doubt now regarding tho lawyer' statement, nor of what waa to follow. Her appearance explained to him many mys terieB. . Sir Horace led madam directly to Lord Dur ward, and the wronged, long- suffering wife, afte 28 years, stood once more face to face with th selfish tyrant who had embitterod her whole life The earl ¡lifted his head and looked upon her and-recognised her I He knew her, even thougl the once shining brown hair had becomo white a snow j though the onco slight figure had rounde< arid developed into this imposing and statel; form j though the delicate, high-bred faoo ha< grown larger and fuller, and was seamed witl many a line of care and suffering. Tho eyes were tho same, the poise of the grace ful head the same, and the sweot lips were th< same, though somewhat stern in their expressioi just now. '.' This, my lord, is-" " Madeline !" gasped the stricken earl, befon Sir Horace could finish the sentence, and ht threw out his handB with a gesture of despair, as ii to keep her off, whilo he sank back into the depths of his chair, as though he longed to be annihi lated from her sight, yet his eyes were fastened upon her. .Two other persona, a lady and a gentleman, very quietly entered the room and seated them selves in the background, where they remained unnoticed by his lordship, who was too much overcome by the sight of his wifo to heed any thing else. The lady was closely veiled, and the gentleman wore his hat drawn somewhat down over his eyes, leaving only the lower portion of his face visible, and this was heavily bearded. " You recognise me, then, do you ?" Madam Leicester said, in cold, hard tones j " you recog nise , tho woman whom your cruelty and tyranny crushed at a time when life should have beeu at its brightest ; whoso ei istence you made a bur den too heavy to be borne, and then, growing weary of her, doomed her to a living death !'' " What is all this ? What spoil have ytu all cast upon me with your vile tales ? Wt o are you, woman, that you dare to como Jo ne and claim to be Madeline, who was drowned before my very eyes more than 20 years ago ?" Lord Durward exclaimed, springirg frantically to bis feet. His eyes were fastened as if by magnetism upon the fair, noble face before him. She seemed tho same, and yet not the same. Madeline had never looked upon him with a gaze BO unflinching, so stern and cold; she had ever shrunk timidly at his approach, au if awed by his presence. This woman regarded, him with haughty com posúre, confronting bim with, a calm, prou< meanour which awed and cowed him instead. Madeline had n«ver presumed to address in any but the humblest and gentlest tones ; woman's voice, though fatally familiar, was ! and cold, and accusing1. Yet in spite of all, he knew that she was wife. As they stood thus confronting each other, one so calm and apparently composed, the o so utterly broken and overcome, there was a 1: confusion at the further end of the library, in another moment the present Lady Durv entered, while behind ber, with an expressio; wonder upon their faces, were seen Caroline Ralph. Lady Durward, much excited, came forw and stood beside her husband, thus also < fronting Madam Leicester, whom she regai with an appearance of great hauteur and < tempt. " You do us exceeding honour, madam, by ? visit," she said, with a scornful inclination of proud head. Madam calmly regarded her gaze, but deig no reply. " I saw you leave your carriage and enter house," the countess pursued in the same ton« before, " and I have come to learn the reasoi such condescension." Still madam preserved her self-posaesied lenee. Lady Durward then turned to her husba: and, notwithstanding her haughty bearing, i trembled as she noted the horror upon his face " Dudley," she said, "what does all this con sion mean ? What aro all these psople here f< and why aro you so excited and troubled ?" He had grown moro distressed and nervous her appearance. " Go out, Ida-go out," ho replied, hoarse " this is no place for you now \ go, and take Ral and Caroline with you." "No; anything which troubles you I havi right to share, and I shall remain 1" she answer« decidedly. " No, no, you must not ; go quickly, and ta them away jat onoe," he pleaded, brokenly, a: too weak to remain longer standing, he totter back into his chair, wiping the cold sweat frc hi8 forehead. " I shall do no such thirig-I mistrusted th the ' business' of to-day contained a mystery, heard you talking as if you were xn trouble, saw Madam Leicester come in, and I am dete mined to know the meaning of it all," Bhe i turned with decision. " Oh ! take her away-take them all awa¡¡ they must not know," moaned the earl, lookit up at Sir Horaco in a supplicating way. " My lady/' Sir Horace said, turning to h< courteously, " we havo some rather unpleasai disclosures to make to the earl, and it would 1 more fitting if you would withdraw and wa until some other time to be enlightened upon tl subject." " No, sir, I shall stay by my husband and shat whatever trouble he may have to bear. As fe Caroline and Ralph, doubtless they will have t know its nature some time, and they can act thfii own pleasure. Now I desire to know what bus ness that woman can have in my house and wit my husband ?" and she waved her white, abapel hand toward Madam Leicester. A faint colour crept into madam's cheeks at th emphatic use of her personal possessive pronouns and the Blighting way in which she had spoken o I her as " that woman/' while somothing of ; I sneer curled the thin lips of tho cold, practica lawyer. Every one in the room was struck by tho man ner of her speech-Lord Durward shuddere« perceptibly, and for a moment it seemed as if ni one possessed the courage necessary to ¿ell he; the truth. Then Sir Horace Vere, thinking the wors might as well be known first as lost and have i over, said, as calmly as he could :* " My lady, she whom you have hitherto knowi as Madam Leicester, is none other than Madelin« Leicester Rochester, the former wife of the Ear of Durward." She staggered as if he had smitten her as h< said this. She gave him one horrified, withering glance. " 'Tis false !" were the words which then came from her huelesB lips, in tones so hoarse as to bc unrecognizable. " I regret, for your lake, that it is not," he re plied. " Lot me load you to|a seat," he added, as he saw how deathly pale she was growing, and pity ing her from the depthB of his heart. Then he sprang forward and placed her m a chair, just in season to prevent her from falling to the floor, as the whole of the horrible truth burst upon her. Madam Leicester, the earl's-her husband's wife ! This woman whom she had hated., insulted and abused, the Countess of Durwerd ! Then Nina Leicester, the fair girl, whom she had tried by every effort in her power to crush was their child, and the legitimate heir-she had not yet heard of tho existence of a son-to »ll their vast property ! Great heavens ! what then was she P What then were her children ? " Leicester - Leicester- Madam Leicester 1" mummied his lordship, passing his hand across his forehead, as if to clear.his memory, and struck by tho name. "What!" he cried, again aroused almost to frenzy, as it all came to him, " ure you that Ma dam Leicester ? and she-Nina, my-oh I why do you not explain all your horrible story, and put an end to this torture ?" Great drops of perspiration gath fred upon his face, and, rolling off, dropped upon the floor. "Yes," replied madam, her hitherto calm, cold face softening into something lil o o ^passion for his misery, and speaking in ti n s which made him think of the gentle Madeline of old. " I am indeed she, whom you have hitherto known as Madam Leicester. It seems strange, does it not, that we nover met before, when I re sided so long ia London P It seems more strange from the fact of my having had Caroline une my instruction»" The earl groaned aloud. Poor Caroline ! what was to become of her noi " Andshe," continued madam," whomyou ha known, and tried to crush, aa Nina Leicester, one of your own children." " One of your own children !" cried Lady Di ward, again starting up, and turning her Btartl face first|upon one, then upon the other. " Yes ,. I have two children, a Bon and a dang ter," madam replied quietly. " Then how-what doe3 it mean ? I-" Lady Durward was utterly perplexed by tl announcement, but Sir Horace, who was sti standing near her, bent down and whisper something in her ear. "Oh, Ralph, Ralph! my boy," she sobbe utterly unnerved by what ho told her. "You little thought," madam said, turnii agtofh to his lordship, " that when Nina carno you that day, begging for her husband's addres «that sho might write to him and vindicate h purity and truth, that it was your own flesh ai blood whom you were seeking to ruin-who; brightest hopes you were striving to crush. Ye little thought, when you wero seeking to separa her from Kenneth Malcolm, that the accomplish ment of your purpose would frustrate all tbi you aspired to, in uniting the houses of Durwai and Melrose. But I may as well tell you her that Bhe obtained that address notwithstandin your cruel refusal." " How P" the earl asked, with some degree < eagerness. it bad been a matter of wonder to him ev< since. Kenneth had informed him of the fact of Nir having written to him. " Before my ohildren wore born, I took possei sion of the key belonging to the little door loadin into the passage under tho eastern tower. Som« times, on quiet evening», I used to go out by tha way for a stroll, and to get tho fresh air ; an when I had decided to keep my secret from you, knew 1 should need it to carry out my plans. S I have had it in my possession ever since. On moonlight night, several months since, detei mined to have Kenneth's address, I came herc entered by that door, made my way to this room when I found, fortunately, a letter directed t Lord Malcolm. I copied tho address, and b; that moans my child was permitted to write t her husband." Lord Durward heaved a sigh of relief. That mystery then was Bolved, and the figun whom he had seen come forth from the shrubbery had indeed been flesh and blood, instead of th< ghost of Madeline, aa his overwrought imagina tion|had led him to believe afc tho time. " My children," madam continued, *' have bot! been carefully reared, alwayB with regard to theil birth, and the position which they would occupy in tbe future. Nina you have already Been, anc you know that she is fitted to move in any circle ?My boy you have not seen-I will present him tt you. "Nina, Louis, come here, please," she con eluded, turning to tho two persons who nae" entered the room so quietly, and had reinaincc sitting at tho back of the earl. At the name " Louis" Kenneth and Carolin« both started, the latter uttering a cry et astonish ment, the former a groan of despair. Tho young man removed his hat and revealed the face of tho handsome soldier whom they had seen with Nina clasped in his arms that morning in the servants' parlour. Kenneth, too, instantly recognised him as thc ono whom he hatl so carefully nursed through that terrible sickness on tho Island of Malta; and whom until within a tew moments he had firmly believed to be tho lover of his forsaken bride. The lady threw back her veil, and ho looked again upon that face, always so exquisitely beau tiful to him, now BO doubly dear, and the sight seemed to wither his very soul, for he felt that she could never forgive him-that she was lost to him for ever. He had forfeited all claim or right to her love by his cruel injustice and desertion. "With a bitter cry he dropped his head upon the arm of the sofa, whero he was sitting, and prayed that he might die. j He could not live with this added weight of ! misery to crush him down. The brother and sister came forward and stood before the earl. They were a goodly sight to look upon. Nobility, truth, and honour were stamped upon the manly faco of the young soldier, purity and refinement upon the brow, and beaming from the grave, sweet eyes of the fair Nina. Lord Durward lifted bis head and looked upon thom. It was a guilty agonising look. Guilty, because he suddenly realised all the wrong which he had heaped upon the gentle, long-suffering wife who had borne them, and whom he Bhould have sheltered with the tenderest love and care, and because of the heartless insults, taunts, and abuse which he had cast upon this pure and lovely girl, with the cold-blooded design of ruining every bright hope of her lifo. Agonising, because he realised all tho comfort and happinens which might have been his, but for his own folly and selfishness, and because of the disgrace and suffering which he had thus entailed upon thoso dear ones, whom he had reared with so much pride for tho position which ho believed they were io occupy ; and with ono of old, his tortured soul cried out : " My punishment is more than I can bear." Nina stood looking down upon him, infinite pity shining in her clear, lovely eyes. Her heart ached for his woo, and she would gladly have comforted him . but she knew that his misery was too deep to be assuaged by aught of human sympathy. The young man-his son-so tall and manly, looked into his father's countenance with an ex pression of inquiry upon his handsome face. He waB wondering wbat manner of man this could be, who could have been guilty of abusing a woman liko hiß mother. Something of this Lord Durward read in his ?~7 ~ * expressive ¡countenance, and his eves drooped ia shame beneath hiB gaze. Yes, he knew that he was his son-he could no longer doubt the truth of what he had heard, as he looked upon him. He had his own dark eyes, the sam© glossy, raven hair, the same ¡massive head and feature» as his own, though softened and refined by a blending of his mother's expression ; his frame, too, was a counterpart of his own powerful stal wart form. Even Lady Durward was convinced beyond a doubt as she, too, looked upon him, and marked these (points of resemblance j and it is beyond the power of mortal pen to portray the conflict of emotions which surged in the hearts of that stricken couple. 