THE JULY MAGAZINES. General Sheridan contributes to the North American Hesieto a sketch of some of tho clos ing scenes of tho great civil' war. His descrip tion of Lee's surrender to Grant in a littio house in the village of Apomattox Conrthouse would serve for tbe basis of an historical pic ture : — " On entering the parlor we found General Leo standing in company with Colonel Marshall, his aide-de-camp. The first greeting was to General Seth Williams, who bad been Lee's adjutant when he was superin tendent of the Military Academy. General Lee was then presented to General Grant, and all prcseut were introduced. General Lee was dressed in a new gray uniform, evidently put on for the occasion, and wore a handsome sword. He had on his face the expression of relief from a heavy burden. General Grant's uniform was soiled witli mud and service, and he wore no sword. After a few words had been spoken by those who knew General Lee, all the officers retired, except, perhaps, one staff officer of General Grant's, and the one who was with General Leo. We had not been absent from the door longer than five minutes when General Babcock came to tho door and said, ' Tlio surrebder has taken place — you can come in again.' When wo re-entered, General Grant was writing on a little wooden elliptical-shaped table tho conditions of the surrender. General Lee was sitting, his hands resting on the hilt of his sword, to the loft of General Grant, with his back to a small marble topped table, on which many books were piled. While General Grant was writing, friendly conversation was engaged in by General Lee and his aide with the officers present, and he took from his brea3t pocket two despatches, which had been sent to him by me during tbe forenoon. About one hour was occupied in draw ing up and signing the terms, when General Lee retired from the bouse with a cordial shako of the hand with General Grant, mounted his chunky, grey horse, and lifting his hat, passed through the gate, and rode over the crest of the hill to his army. On his arrival there, we beard wild cheering, wbich seemed to be taken up progressively by his troops, cither for him, or because of satisfac tion with bis last official act as a soldier." Mr. Z. R. Broekway puts in a plea for reforms in prison management. The question of church attendance is discussed from the layman's point of view by a non-churchgoer, who considers that his class is a rapidly in creasing one ; and there are replios from the Revs. W. H. Ward, J. M. Pullman and J. H. Rylance, who maintain tbat the American churches were nover better eupported than in tbe present day. The Century gives a very interesting epitome of the facts of the John Brown raid, an historical event which cost the brave old fanatic's life, but greatly expedited the accom plishment of the mission with which he set out— the abolition of slavery in America. Emerson said of this famous abolitionist : — "All people in proportion to tbeir sensibility and self-respect sympathise with John Brown. For it is impossible to see courage and disin terestedness, and the love that casts out fear, without sympathy. AU gentlemen, of course, , are on his side. I mean men of gentle blood and generosity, ' fulfilled with all nobleness,' who, like tho Cid, give tho outcast leper a share of their bed ; like tho dying Sidney, pass tho cap of cold water to the wounded soldier who needs it more. . ... Tile senti ment of mercy is the natural recoil which tho laws of tho universe provide to protect mankind .from destruction by savage passions. Tho arch-abolitionist, older than Brown, and older than the Shenandoah mountains, is love, whose other name is jus. ticc, which was before Alfred, before Lycur- gus, before slavery, and will bo after it." Under tho title of Striking Oil, a comprehen sive account is given of the great American rock-oU industry. It appears that nearly all the potroleum that goes into the world's com merce is produced iu a district of country about 150 miles long, with a varying breadth of from I to 20 miles, lying mainly in the state of Pennsylvania, but lapping over a little on its northern edge into the state of New York. This region yielded in 18S1 2(1,950,813 barrels, and in 1SS2 31,398,750 barrels. A little petvoleum is obtained in West Virginia, a little at various isolated points in Ohio, and a little in the Canadian province of Ontario. There is also asmaU field in Germany; a larger one, scantily developed, in Southern Russia ; and one still larger, perhaps, in India. The total production of all tho fields outside of the region here described is but a small fraction in tho general account, however, and lias scarcely an appreciable influence upon the market. Furthermore, the oil of these minor fields, whether in America or the Old World, is of an inferior quality, and so long as the great Pennsylvania reservoir holds out, can only supply a local demand in the vicinity of the wells. Tho older districts in Pennsylvania are now nearly oxhausted, A little oil is got in them by pumping, but more than nine- tenths of tho wells that used to flow abun dantly arc now abandoned. Towns in these districts which once counted their inhabitants by thousands, and were busy marts of trade and speculation, have absolutely perished and disappeared from the faco of tho oartli, leaving scarce a vestige behind. On Oil Creek the first wells struck tho oil- bearing sandstone at a depth of 600 feet. In tho. Butler and Clarion fiolds tho wells are about 1100 fcot deep, in the Bradford field from 1100 to 2000 feet, in the Alleghany field from 000 to 1100 feet, and in Cherry-grove 1600 feet. There are no streams or ponds of petroleum in the earth as was once supposed. The sandstone is saturated with the oil, rod a bbiuny piuasuio vs. IUIVSO ouo uuiu mruuyu the porous rock and up to the surface, when a hole is drilled down to it. After the gas pres. sure is relieved, a well is pumped ; sometimes for a few weeks only, sometimes for years. Some wells flow intermittently from periodical accumulations of gas ; some continuously until exhausted. Some will yield only a barrel a day ; some have been known to spurt 3000 barrels within the first 24 hours after the drill struck the oil sandstone, Of all forms of property an oil well is about the mo3t uncertain. No one can predict how much it is going to yield, or how long its life will be. Boring for petroleum is less than a quarter of a century old. It dates from the 30th August, 1859, when Colonel Drake struck oil on the Drake farm on Oil Creek. He had faith, that tbe greasy, bad- smelling fluid wbich floated ou tho surface of the creek, and oozed from crevices in the rock, could be found in largo quantities by sinking wells. This fluid liad long boon sold by a patent medicine com pany under the name of Seneca Oil, as a re- medy for rheumatism. The paper in Harper on Political Honors in China, directs attention to theseverelawswhich in that country govern tho promotion of candi dates for political preferment. The competitive edncationai tests last for a long series of years, and after lifelong training very few can attain to tbe highest positions. Those who wield tho adminirtrative power have large discretionary authority, and it seems that these powers are rarely abused, owing in large part to llie con. fidenco the masses have in being able to secure immediate redress from those higher in power. The punishment for theft is not carried out in tlio case of a man who steals a loaf bccanse he is hungry. The Chinese believe in making laws to enable tbe needy to help themselves ; to assist the deserving poor to earn their living by any and every means not conflicting with tbe unquestioned rights of their neighbor. Their laws are framed to let men live, and not to enrich the administrators of the law. What ever controversies arise between the people, such differences must be adjudicated upon by the authorities free of cost to aU the parties concerned. A descriptive account of Hamstcad, a famous Loudon suburb, with illustrations, is very pleasant reading ; tbe social and historical records of Cincuinatti are also at interest ; and » paper ' " "I-1 ' , on the second generation of Englishmen in America deals in a picturesque way with the colonisation of New England, from 1650 to 1700\. Even during this period there took place collisions of purpose and interest be- tween the Home Government and tbo colonics. The contest for tlio charters was the fore runner of a later contest. 'The gradual trans formation which made colonics into provinces, and out of a varied emigration developed a homogeneous and cohering people, taught tbe English Ministry to distrust the Americans, and caused the Americans to be unconsciously weaned from England ; so that the tic which at first had expressed only affection became at last a hated yoke, soon to bo thrown aside for ever. Major-Gcneral Fcilding, who is connected with the Queensland transcontinental railway scheme, returns to tho subject, "Whitlier shaU I send my son ?" in the A intleenlh Cen tury. The writer indicates what he considers aro the principles which ought to govern a scholastic institution he wishes to see estab lished for tlio preparation of lads for a colonial career, and gives his own account of the various merits and demerits of the different British colonies, with a view to assisting parents and guardians in making the mo3t suitable solection for those whom they seek to start in life. The theoretical knowledge which Major-General Fcilding thinks a young gentleman coming out to tho colonics should possess is of a vory extensive character. He classes the various branches of knowledge under fourteen different heads, omitting scarcely any subject which may be of ubo in a new country. The ideal young colonist is to be a perfect gentleman, a thorough sailor, an accomplished carpenter, a skilled surveyor, a capable builder, a good wheelwright, harnessmaker and book-keeper, a practical cook, enough of a buslimau to be able to live iu comfort where ordinary people would starve, and a thorough geologist and mineralogist. With a class of immigrants filled with universal knowledge like this, it is clear that we shall soon be able to dispense with trades and professions alto- getlier. Tho only difficulty which suggests itself is the fear that this theoretical knowledge ac quired in au English school will prove worth- less when brought to tbe test of rough colonial experience. In discussing tbe attractions of the various colonies, Major-Gcneral l'eildiug is good enough to say of Victoria : — " Al though tho first in importance, by reason of the pel rentage of inhabitants resident in the colony compnred with its area, still the colony of Victoria will always be a country more suited to men of commercial tastes and tradi tions than to the English country gentleman a3 he now is. Society there is more American than English iu its tone, and its leaders ore chiefly men who lmvo riseu to their present level frtm the multitude of gold diggers, and of the merchants, tc., who have made their fortunes mainly in consequence of the discovery sf gold in the colony about 30 years ago. With but few exceptions, they are mon self-educated and of but little refinement." Our critic, however, is constrained to admit that "it cannot bo denied that a laboring man who could with difficulty exist in Eng land would, if a good worker and a sober man, rapidly rise to a state of ease, auJ even comparative affluence, in tbo colony of Vic toria." The Major-General's remarks are de serving of attention when he contends for an improvement of the English system of edu cation for sons of the upper classes, so as to enable parents to dispense with tho odious, injurious, and ineffective system .of cram ming ; and suggests tbat parents and guar dians should carefully watch the British colonics, so as to instil into tho inhabitants of tho old country a closer acquaintance and a more intimate sympathy with the require- ments of their fellow countrymen outside the British Islands. Mr. J. Seymour Keay, in an article ou "The Spoliation of India," com plains that the Indian Government is stiU an alien bureaucracy, living chiefly for itself, with little or no sym pathy with the people ; that, while sadly unsuitable to tho wants of the people, it is ruinously expensive ; that its ruinous expense is now only defrayed by a resort to the most merciless expedients; and that the result is' poverty, ruin and starvation to the people — which must eventuate in catastrophe to tho Government itself. It is remarked in a paper on house lighting by electricity that tlio system can only bo expected to pay when adopted on a very large scale, but that there is little doubt that electricity will furnish the house light of tho future. The Contemporary, draws a saddening picture of the condition of the lower classes in England. It is observed : " The admirably logical social life that religiously shuts all the museums aud picture galleries on tbe Lord's day, and opens all the gin shops ; that is never tired of iterating that the proper sphere of woman is home, and brings up its 20,000 femalo orphans in large pauper barrack", from which lite last touch of home lifo lias disappeared ; that goes to meetings and loudly preaches thrift to the people, and then gruffly whispers in their ear by guardians of the poor, ' Only be drunk and spendthrift enough, and we will house you and provide for your old age ;' that goes to church and preaches that the body i3 the temple of the Holy Ghost, and leaves tho people to litter down like pigs at night — men and women, girls aud boys together iu tene ments where no rich man would think of stabling his horses ; that goes to school aud teaches its children the three R's, and leaves them in dens of infamy to learn a fourth R, by every sight and sound of the day and night, ruin of body and soul ; that virtuously de claims against tho harlot, yet leaves its little girls to bo brought up iu brothels.; that believes a fatal disorder is undermining the national health, and shuts the doors of its hospitals against it, and denies it the public means of cure ; that IcgaUy protects the heiress up to 21, and refuses to protest the poor man's daughter even at 16 from tho trade of vice ; that holds that the niau is the responsible head of the woman, aud throws the blamo and disgrace on tho woman — leaves abundant cause to complain of the methods of our moral life." An article on contemporary life and thought in France remarks that the almost unanimous feeling in that country i3 favorable to a cordial understanding with England ; and if France could feel herself really supported by her powerful island neighbor, a very hearty sympathy, on her side at least, would tend to unite the two nations. But, rightly or wrongly, it appears that England — so stroug in her own colonial empire, and so far from scrupulous in extend ing it, whether in Cyprus, iu Egypt, in South Africa or in Now Guinea — watches with a sort cS jealous annoyance the timid efforts of France to extend hor colonial activity in some few directions — on the Congo, in Tonquin, or in Madagascar. Site appears to encourage the pretensions of Portugal, of the Chinese and of the Hovas ; and at almost every point France finds herself harassed, not by her ad. vcrsaryof 187(1, but by tho only power whoso friendship she has taken pains to acquire and re tain. The diplomatic situation is one of the dark spots in tho French horizon. The circumstances underwbichthcRccidivist (Habitual Criminals) Bill, was introduced by tbe French Ministry aro of special interest to tho Australian colonies. It seems that for several years publio safety, especially in Paris, has been threatened by bands of tliieresnnd criminals, to whom the penalties imposed by the tribu- nals aro no sufficient deterrent, and who leave tho prisons only to be sent back again for fresh offences. They collect about them I a number of women of bad character, who i torn publio immorality to account in secur ing victims for their male accomplices. The number of crimes by persons previously con victed, which forty years ago formed only one-fourth of the crimes and misdemeanors brought before the tribunals, now forms more than half. It is argued that if hardened criminals were expelled the country, the army of miscreants which infest Paris and the great towns would be broken up, and the number of offences effectually diminished. Tile plan, however, will not commend itself to whatever part of tbe world the recidivists are sent, 