WILDERNESS PLANTS. [From the Field.) What do we meau by this? Really we have in our mind's eye something of what Mr. William Robinson has so long contended for—namely, wild gardening, or the naturali sation of cultivated Sowers in wild and semi-wild places. Our forefathers' notions of what constituted a wilderness would seem, however, to have been vague, as well as variable. !At one place we may still find, rejoicing in that name, a large expanse of bleakish waste ground, with here and there a stunted tree or a few shrubs almost worn out by their hard straggle tor existence, and hardly jleering up above lie "long grass that whistles in the wind"—a spot where the ghost of Ossiau might wander enchanted; at another we may see an acre or two covered with birch ana bracken, and various underwoods growing as they were planted and as they are daily trained by the graceful but untidy baud of Nature, a very Succouth of briers and thorns—a wilderness indeed; while at a third we walk through a region of noble evergreens, and flowering shrubs, and trees, among which trim, well kept walks meander up and down, just as we or any other beauty-loving mortal might be supposed to do on a summer's evening, and we are told that this also is " the wilder ness." Now, to call such a place by a name which carries about with it ideas of dreariness and misery is apparently a mistake. A {mistake also, in part, was the idea of our {ancestors that wild, utterly uiikept spots in close proximity to or even surrounded by their dress grounds, and what they had as flowers gardens, could by sheer force of contrast appear either picturesque . or beautiful, Their wild beauty is their own; but, when placed beside trim, symmetrical parterres and terraces, they become slovenly-looking and incongruous. A mazy, half-kept, honey suckle-scented place, neither wood, nor grove, nor shrubbery, will always be beauti ful, call it what you will. - We saw some years ago a spot called a wilderness, and the impression it made upon us is not yet effaced. It occupied a rich, low lying piece of ground, of perhaps five or six acres in extent. On one side was the region of lawn, gravel-walks, and flower beds ;but where the one began and the other ended it was difficult to say. On the other side was a large lake, artificial in its origin, bnt looking as sweetly natural as if nobody knew that at one time it was only a swamp: while on the north and east sides rose a high wooded hill, which gave majesty, and shelter, and repose to all beneath it. This retreat had beenlaid out and planted, not with an eve to produce any grand effect as a whole, but rather ta give a series of little enchanting surprises, calculated to please the visitoiPas he passed along. From no one point could any exten sive view be obtained, If we except one long vista which opened out to and acroBs the lake. Itwasa labyrinth of broad grass walks, irregu larly bordered with garden flowers growing wild, the walks screened from one another by dense clumps of rhododendrons, hardy azaleas, Portugal and common laurels, fuchsias, Persian lilacs, and Buch like. Some of the rhododendrons and Portugal laurels were noble apecimeus, and looked all the larger because there wers no trees near to give[them an underwood appearance. Among these the walks wound and twisted them selves in strange fantastic curves, leading nobody knew where, and nowhere in parti cular, and branching off right and left into Btrange mysterious nooks, where stood rustic seats or summer-houses,'or rose and clematis bowers. With the exception of these broad grass^ walks there was nothing under keeping, as we understand the word—none of those little undignified miseries called shrubbery borders which are so often to be met with on the outskirts of some places, and which have to be hoed and raked every few weeks, yet, for all, look little more ornamental thau a quarter of shrubs in a nursery. Here could be seen growing garden flowers in a half-wild state in the company of, and enjoying life on the same footing as, their really wild sisters. What is here wanted are things not so much minutely beautiful as bold and striking in colour, form, and dimension of leaf and flower. The gaudier the better, for here the dark masses of ever green foliage in the background will sober down that—elsewhere vulgar—quality, and make it signify rich, luxuriant beauty. As an illustration of what is meant, we may instance the Montan preony, which, were it not of so ephemeral a character, would be a paragon plant for a modern " wilderness," nolly-hcrns, dahlias of the boldest type, especially scarlets and yellows, phloxes, foxgloves, verbascunus, Delphinam formo sum, ana other of the perennial larkspurs, sunflowers, Japan anemones, common gladioli, and the whole tribe of hardy iiliums. These, and many others which might be mentioned, scattered about in wild confusion, or at some particular pointB, such as the angles where two walks converge, grouped together in a loose, informal way, coula not fail to make our wilderness most attractive. A few beds —very few—of pelargoniums, calceolarias, and other popular bedding plants might be introduced with good effect where a more than usually open space occurs. In situations where the common hydrangea stands the winter, hnge bushes Qf it, mixed with aucubas, Veronica Andersoni, and kindred Iilants would have a fine effect, while the ight and airy gracefulness of such plants as the pampas grass, Arundo douax, Phormium tenax variegatum, and other similarly featured subjects, if planted somewhat liber ally, and accompanied by a few tall rugged specimens of yuccas, give a rather exotic air to these little tit- bits of scenery. Of course, all these will need the neces saries of luxuriant plant-life — judicious manuring, and careful planting—but no signs of cultivation need be made apparent, and no dressing, except prunning and keeping the grass walks in order, should be practised. 