LOCAL INTELLIGENCE- YOUNG rOLIOE COtJBT. (Before the Police Magistrate' and Messrs. Pring and Allen, J's.P.) Michael O'Connor, of Marengo, for selling Ijquof in prohibited hours, was fined £3 and 710 costs of court. Michael Herbert pleaded guilty to furious riding, and was fined 20/- and 4/10 costs of wrw J.- M'Greight v. 8. O'Brien.—Assault. parlies. Case struck out. No George Whiteman v. Andrew Lemon.— Assault, No parties.. Case struck out. Messrs. Allen and Pring left the Bench. Baker y. Wallett.—Afflli-tjojj, Mf. Gordon fop pomplajpant. Mr. Healy pf Coptxqnupdpa for the* defence, pleaded not gjiijty. Mr. Gordon, in opening the pase, alluded to tho respectable character of defendant, and to the corroborative evidence" which the lawrequired over" and above tbe evidence of the mother. This corroborative evidence he thought would'be supplied to the satisfaction of the Bench. He then detailed various points of the case which will be found disclosed iu the evidence below given. Mrs. Baker, mother of complainant and wife of John Baker of Sandy Creek station deposed : She had known defendant about six years ; defendant used to take her daughter Anna Bella, driving on the coach, and occasionally her sister ; the child was born on 6th October last; she questioned her daughter on 4th October as to the paternity of the unborn child, and she replied that Geo. Wallet was the father (Mr. Healy objected that this evidence was not admissible and the Bench disallowed it); witness never knew h r daughter to keep company with any other person; Mrs. Napier was present when the child was born ; the coach was not stopping at witness's place, but defendant used to pull up and stay occasionally for half an hour at a time in the months of January and February, 1882; complainant is at present just turned fourteen years of age. To Mr. Healy : Never heard defendant make any improper overtures to my daughter, or behave at all improperly ; I took him to be a saint. Complainant deposed: She Tesides and lias always resided with her parents; she was fourteen years of age on the 27th last July ; had known defendant about six years ; he was in the habit of calling at her father's place, but seldom went into the house ; when he did be stayed about half an hour; he generally sat on the coach outside; the child was born on 6th October, and defendant was the father of it; witness stated that intercourse between herself and defendant took place on the coach in January, 1882; defendant had asked her and her sister Rosetta to go for a drive, on the waggonette coach, and when about a mile from the house asked the sister to get down, which she did ; witness also wanted to get down, but defendant would not let her, and put his arm round her waist to stop her; defendant drove about half-a-mile further, when intercourse took place ; witness then got off the coach and went back to her sister Bosetta, defendant previously cautioning her not to tell her elder sister what took place ; it was in the early part of January ; intercourse took place again in January, under similar circumstances; on that occasion witness's father and mother were not at home, and defendant asked witness to go for a drive, and not to take any of her sisters with her, which she did; intimacy also took place and under similar circumstances to the last, in the early part of February; subsequently complainant went with defendant once in company with her sister; no intimacy then took place; afterwards when defendant asked her to go, which he did several times, she refused ; witness had never bad intimacy with any other man, and no other had paid her any attention ; defendant was the father of the child. To Mr. Healy: Could not tell the exact dates; the coach on each occasion was going towards Grenfell; defendant used to leave the mail at witness's father's house; neither she or her sisters ever asked defendant to go for t drive ; did not know a young man named Camp, bell; a young man was working for witness's father, but witness never spoke to him; never kissed him. Bosetta Baker, sister of complainant, de posed : Remembered going with her sister and and defendant in January ; defendant and complainant sat on the box 6eat, and witness in the inside; when about a mile on the road to Grenfell, defendant asked witness to get down, str ing that Anna Bella was going on further; i asked witness to wait until her sister returned, and not to be frightened of any ghosts; her sister wanted to get out of the coach, but defendant put his arm round her waist and l vented her; after witness had waited about half an hour her sister came back, but did not say anything; had never been out on any other occasion With defendant and her sister; her sister, complainant, subsequently went with Wallett by herself; witness had always lived in the same house with her sister, and never knew any other man to pay her attention. To Mr. Healy: Remembered that the occurrence took place in the month of January, because it was tbe first month of the year; had never spoken to her sister about it; defendant frequently -took witness's sisters driving, but witness only went with him twioe. Mrs. Anderson, wife of David Anderson, of Arramagong, deposed: Had frequently gone to Baker's for the post; had seen defendant there with the coach ; heard him on one occasion, in very warm weather, call complainant to get ready and go with him; he said "Get ready and come on, Anna Bella" ; the coach on that occasion was going towards Grenfell, and had no passengers on it. Defendant deposed: Had never had intercourse with complainant; never remembered having complainant and her sister in the co&ch; ana telling the latter to get down ; used to call at Baker's twice a day for about eighteen months; often took complainant and her sisters for a drive; had taken them all at different times; was living at Grenfell in J anuaiy and February of 1882, so was his wife, and was home every night i there was only room for two persons in front of the waggonette; the footboard was very narrow and cramped. Mr. Healy addressed the Bench for the defence, urging that the evidence of defendant should be taken as counterbalancing that for complainant. Complainant's mother had herself deposed to the excellent character of defendant, and the only corroboration of complainant's evidence was that of her sister, which he be Id ought not to prevail, hi the face of defendant's respeptability, and of the fact that he Was a married man and at home with his wife every night. Mr. Gordon replied to the effect tbat the balance of evidence was on the side of complainant,and asked for an order for the support of the child, at the same time mentioning that defendant had a family to support, and that tbe father of complainant was in good circumstances. His Worship regretted that the case had panje before the court, qn'd adjudged defendant to p^y \repkly the sum" of 7/6 towards the sup? port"of the child, with 21/- professional costs, and 4/10 costs of court. ' AUCTION This day,"by Mr- F- A. IIrock, fixtures and shop .front lamps, at the premises of the late Mr. 35. McEvoy. WHEAT BUYING.—Mr- Connell, agent for Messrs. J. aqd J. JJayes, millers, of G-oulburn, will be at Young twice a week, for the purpose of settling for any wheat from the district that may be purchased by his principals. Mr. Brock, of Young, and Mr. Lewington, of Wornhat,, will furnish inquirers with any particulars they may require. See advertisement: SONS OF TEMPEEAKCE, NO. 79.—The annual meeting was held on the 26th ultimo, when the following members were elected to fill the virions offices}n connection with the Order:— Charles Mapgregor, W.P.; Edward Ebbs, W. A,; W. A. jtoupn, R.S.; C- Hourn, A.R.S.; A. Tanking, F.S.; S. Bennie, treasurer; J, Balfour, jun-, chaplainB, Potts, conductor; John Richardson, A.C.; H, £iokman, i.g,. John Robinson, O.S.; auditors, C. Hourn, C. Macgregor, and G. Reus; Messrs. Balfour, Bennie, and Hourn ^a committee to secure a site for a nSw hall. Yesterday evening another meeting was held, in conformity with the rules, at which the foregoing elections were confirmed! At the last report there were 122 on the roll, wi/;h 72 o» wliom taxes assessed by the principal Qrder ^ere pwfl, ' * * OV r&ce; in outriggers for £100 afride which was to have taken place between Edward Tnokptt, the ex-chainpion, and John Largan has fallen through, owing to Largan having foiled to make good tbe final deposit. MUNICIPAL ASSESSMENTS. — As some misapprehension appears to exist as to the statutory provisions for the assessraefit and rating improved property, within the Municipality!!^ publish ill extend", the section concerning themML^, .The italics are our own. "164. TheCouncilofeach^^p Municipality shall annually within three months after the election of the Mayor thereof make or cause to be made an estimate of the probable amount which will be required for- the then current year in addition to any tolls rates or dues levied or authorized to be levied within the Municipality and to any probable income from fines voluntaiy contributions endowments orany other source of revenue to carry on the fencing making and repairing of any roads bridges punts wharves piers or other public works in the said Municipality and any other expenses necessary in carrying into effect the provisions of this Act and shall raise the amount so esti-i mated by an assessment and rate upon all ratable property within such Municipality assessing the same at r.ine-tent/is of the fair average annual rental of all buildings and cultivated lands or lands which are or have been let for pastoral mining or other purposes whether such buildings or lands shall be then occupied or not and at tbe rate of Jire points per centum, upon the capital value of the fee simple of all unimproved lagds such average rental and capital value of all such ratable property to be estimated by valuers as is hereinafter provided. And notice of such assessment and rate shall be served if the property be occupied upon the occupier by a notice addressed to such occupier and left at or sent through the post to the premises and if unoccupied by a notice addressed tothelesseeor owner of such propertyandleftatorsentthrough the post to his last-known residence or place of business in the Colony. And as to any ratable property which is unoccupied and the owner of which is not known to the Council notice of such assessment and rate upon such lastmentioned property shall be advertised twico at least in two successive weeks in some newspaper circulating in the Municipality Provided that no such rate shall exceed one shilling in the pound on the assessed value of all such ratable property ' calculated — and determined : -- J --»--—=- as hereinbefore directed. And the rate so imposed as aforesaid shall be payable by the occupier of the property for which such rate is payable if occupied and if unoccupied then by the lessee or owner. Provided also that nothing herein contained shall prevent any private arrangement between landlords and tenants as between themselves with respect to their ultimate liabili ty to rates respectively. Provided further that in any notice by advertisement as herein required of the assessment and rate upon property of which the owner is unknown to tbe Council it shall not be necessary to describe such property by metes and bounds but only to state in general terms so that the same may be intelligible its situation and estimated area and the name or names of the original grantee or grantees. And provided also that nothing herein contained shall prevent the Council from collecting their rates bv half-yearly instalments if they shall think fit." [The plain English interpretation of the section with reference to unimproved lands within the municipality is that five per cent, upon the capital value of the same is to be the assessment, and that the rate, for general purposes is not to be higher tbau one shilling in the pound on ihe assessment. Thus, if a piece of unimproved land were valued by the valuators at £100 the assessment would be £5, and the rate for general purposes not higher than one shilling in the pound upon the latter or five shillings per annum.] 