THAT BAD J30T. , Hb Dbiteb a BroorAND 'Wbboks a FCNEBAL. 'Wbm, groat Julius Orosar'a bald- headed ghost, what's tho matter with you?' said tho grocery man to tho bad boy, aB ho camo into tho groeory on crutches, with one arm in a sling, oiio eyo blackonod, and a strip of court plaetcr across ono sido of \\\\\t faco. ' W hero was tho explosion, or have you beon in a fight P Or has your pu boon giving you what ycra deserve, witha club P' ? ' ' Oh, it wa'n't no fuss,' said tho boy. 'It was in tho way of business. You sec, the livery-man that I wai working: for promoted mo. Ha lot me drivo a horse to hanl sawdust for bedding first, and when he found 1 was roal ca'oful ho lot mo drivo an oxpresj waggon to haul trunks. Day boforo yesterday, I think it was — (yes, I was in bod all day yesterday) — day bofore yesterday there was a- funeral, and our stable furnished tho outfit It was only a common eleven- dollar funoral,. so they let mo go to drive the horso for tho minister — you know, the- buggy that goes ahead' of tho hearso. They gave me tin old horso that is thirty years oltly that has not beon ofB of a walk einco nine- years ago, and they toldi me to give him a looso rcra and he would go along all right It's the same old horso that uaccl to pace no fast on the avenue, jears ago, but I didn'6 know it. Well, 1 wa'n't to blame. I juet let him walk along aa though ho was howl ing sawdust, and gavo him a loose rein. When wo got off of tho pa7emont the fellow that drives tho hoaTse, ho was in a- hurry, 'causo Iub t'olfes was going to havo ducks for dinner, and he wanted to get back, SO' he- kept driving along side of my buggy, and telling mo to hurry irpt 1 wouldn't do it, 'causo tho livery-man told mo to walk tho horse, for it was a funer.il. Then the ministor, he got nervous, and said ho didn't know as thoro wus any uso-of going so slow, becauso he wanted to get) bach in timo for lunch and go to tho minister's meeting in tho afternoon, but I told him' we would all get to tho cemetery soon enough- if we took it cool, and as for mo, I wasn't in-no sweat. Then ono of the drivers that was driving tho mourners, he came up and said ho hail to get back in time to run a wedding down to tlie-oneo'olqck train, and for mo to pull out a little. I have scon' enough of disobeying 6rder8,.and I told him a funeral in tho hand was worth two weddings in tho bueh, and as far ns I wus- concerned, this funeral was going to be conducted in a decorous mtauer, it wo aiun c get. oacK um uno next; aay. Well, the minister said, in his regular Sunday school way : ' My little man; lot; me take hold ! of tho lines,' and liko a darn fool I gavo thom to iim. Ho -slapped tho old horte on the cruppor with tho lines, and then jbrkod up, and ; the old horse stuck up his off- ear, and then the hoarse driver told tho minister to pull hard and saw on tho bit a little,, andi tha old horse would wake up. The hearse- driver used to drivo the old pacer on ' the trock, and he know what ho wanted. Tho ministor, took off his black kid-gloves aud put his umbrella down between us, and pulled his hat down tight on his head, and bogan to pull and saw on tbo bit. The old cripple began to move along: sort of tideways, like a hog going to war, an-l the ministor pulled some more, and thn hearse driverj who was right behind, he said; so you could hear him clear to Waukesha, 'To~e-up,' and tho old horso kept going faster ;. then the minister thought tho procession was getting too quick,. and he pulled harder, and yelled '-wbo-a , and that made the old horso worje, and I looked through the little window in the- buggy- top, behind, and thB hearso was about two blocks behind, and the drivor was laughing, and the minister ho got pale and ' said :: ' My little man, I guess you'd better drive,' and I said, ' Not much, Mary Ann, you wouldn't let mo run this funeral tho way I wanted tot and now you can boss it, if you will let mo get out,' but thero was a street-car ahead and all of a sudden thoro was an earthquake, and when I camo tO'thore wore about 6ix hundred- people pouring wator down my neck, ac'd the hearse wus hitched to tho fence, and the hearso driver was asking if my leg was broke; and a policeman was fanning the minister wiih a plug hat that looked us 1 hough it had been struck by a pilo- driyer, and 6omo people wero hauling our buggy into tho gutter, and some men were trying to take the old pacer out of the windows of the stroot-car, and then, I guess I fainted away again. Oh, it was worse than telescoping a train loaded with cattle;' ' Well, I swan,' sdidj lie* grocery man, as he put Bome.pggs, in a f unnel -shaped , JJrpwn-.paper for'a servant girl.' 'What* did the minister say when he came to ?'???.:-??, ;- ' Bay I What could, he'say ? ' Ho just yelled 'Whoa !' and kept sawing with hie hands, as though ho was , driving. I heard ttiat tho policeman was going to pull him for fast driving, till he found it was an noeidont. They told mo, when they carried me home- in a hack, that it was a wonder overybody was not killed, and when I got homo pa was going to sass mr, until the ho«rsa drivor. told him it was thn ministor that was to blame. ? I want to find out if they got the minister's; umbrella book. The last I see. of it the umbrella, was running up bis' trousers leg, and the point) came out by theBmall of liis book'..,, But I 'am ..all right, only my thouldor sprained* and m» legs bruised, and my eye black. I will bev all, right, and shall, go to work. ,to;morrow, 'cause , the ilivery man, says I was .the only one in the crowd; that had any sense. I .'understaud the -nuuistor is going to'take a ydcation'ori account of his liver and nervous , prostration. ','?', I would , if I iwns him. I never saw a man that- had -nervous prostration any lnorb than he did when they fished him out of tho barbed- wire' fence, afti-r wo Btruck.thp.str'eettcar. , But that/ settles the minister business with me. I don't drive ? for rio mow preachers. Tho next timn I drive. a ministor t),a funeral, he will walk/ and the boy hobbled out and hung up a sign in front of the groeory, 'Smoked dog-fish ut halibut pricos, good enough for compauy.'— iVci'j Sun. , 