ROUND THE WORLD. ON the following day I went through the west end of Glasgow, which is a fashionable part of the city. Splendid terraces of houses extend for miles, right out to to the park, near Partick, which was, a few years since, an in- significant village, but now is almost a city. Along the Kelvin River, there are large spin- ning mills, cotton printing and thread manufac- tures, as well as ship building yards. The glory of Kelvin Grove, celebrated in song has departed and the Three Tree Well has lost its ancient fairy. The Botanic Gardens are very fine, with ex- cellent greenhouses. On Sundays they are open free to the public, the boon being pur- chased from the trustees by a munificent gift by Campbell of Tillchewan as the condition of his donation. We had to pay sixpence as it was not Sunday. This is the country for the bawbees. I also inspected the University, a fine pile of buildings, and from thence to the Queen's Dock, and walked along the Broomielaw with its host of shipping, steam and water cranes, where a ship can be loaded with coal in a few hours, as the trucks are lifted bodily from the rails, swung over the hatch and emptied at once. We passed up the wharves to Jamaica Street Bridge, a handsome structure, with massive granite cut-waters to the piers, to break up the ice, which sometimes comes down and has been known to block up the river.. After lunch, with my former guide, we went through the Clutha Iron Works of P. and W. McLellan. There is some beautiful machin- ery here, and about 1500 hands are employed. They heat principally by Tangy's gas producer, which will become a great reformer in the iron, as well as other manufactures, and I could not help thinking if it pays to use it here, where coal is so cheap, what an advantage it would give at Melbourne, where the price of fuel is the heaviest handicap unless it be protection. Next we visited Stephen's ship-building yards, where the Daphne capsized in launching, with such a fearful loss of life, of which you have rded. This yard covers 33 acres and employs 2500 men. Next to it is the famous John Elder yard, about the same size, and with pro- bably as many hands. We finished up a good day's walk by going to the theatre, and saw Irving as Benedict, with Ellen Terry as Beatrice, which was a treat of the first water to me. Nest day I reached the light of my ambi- tion, so far as seeing Chemical Works was con- cerned, having gone over the famous St. Rollox Works of the Tennants. Of all that I have seen it is the boss. Other works may do more in certain branches, but they do all and on a very large scale. Everything is most per- fec. I have had these works held up to me both at home and abroad as the model, and I am quite pleased with them. My only disap- pointment was to find that St. Rollox was not the highest chimney in the world as I had believed. It may have been, but now that of Messrs Townsend, also at Glasgow, overtops it. I went through these works also. They principally make borax out of boracite. The chimney is 460ft. high, or as high as the four tallest ones in Melbourne placed on top of each other. You can scarcely imagine it save by such means, yet it only beats St. Rollox by a few feet. When this was put up a number of years ago, it rent several places, and Steeple Jack was employed ship iron rings round it, these were lowered till they fiyted, then expanded by oil-lamps hung in a row under the rings, lowered again as far as the expan- sion would permit and then the shrinkage in cooling closed all the cracks and bound it solidly together. On Wednesday, I started for a run through the country of Burns, I gave two days to it, and had some hard walking in the time. Near Ayr there are some really bonnie spots. Glen- garnock Castle is one of the finest old ruins I have seen. All the surroundings of Ayr are deeply interesting, and the banks and braes of bonnie Doon, as well as a host of other scenes will do to speak of when I come back again. Ayrshire as a whole has many ancient ruins and memories, and has given its quota of men great in war and song to the world. It was there, according to history, that Wallace first drew blood, and chastised the rude soldiers with his fishing rod ; there that he fastened the doors of the building where Edward's officers were carousing and then fired the place. Besides the great masters Wallace and Burns, many other illustrious names might be added, for the county gave London its second Whit- tington in Sir James Shaw, who left home a penniless boy, and lived to be twice Lord Mayor. I am told that Service and half-a- dozen of our politicians hail from the land of "Honest men and bonnie lasses," to say noth- ing of Ayrshire shorthorns ! but I am not writing history. Returnng to Glasgow I took the train en route for the Highlands, passed the wondrous Dumbarton Castle and town, and arrived at Balloch where we embarked in a steamer at the end of Loch Lomond, near where its waterd pour out and form the Leven River, and a beautiful water it is. We sailed away past a great number of picturesque islands,some only large enough to be resting places for a few der, which swim from one to another. Each island is a mass of verdure down to the waters edge of this tideless sea. Reaching Luss a splendid view of the lake is obtained, and a romaintic castle on a small island helps the effect. Rowardennan is reached, with Ben Lomond towering at its rear. We cross the lake again and pass Rob Roy's prison on the way to Tarbert, where the road crosses to Loch Long. On the other side is Inversnaid, a very pretty spot with the Falls of Arklet close by the side of the hotel. Here we land and take the coach over a steep hill, obtaining pretty peeps, at intervals, of the lake and its wooded shores. Arrived at the top of the ridge, it was all plain sailing, as we passed Loch Arklet, and the cottage of the masculine wife of Rob Roy, Helen MacGregor, who had even the audacity to propose to "Hang a baillie ! Losh pity me the day !" If tradition be true we passed the place where Ballie Nichol Jarvie's ghost may yet wander and ponder over the insulted muni- cipal dignity. A gentle slope leads down to Loch Katrine, where we take a boat to sail up the loch. At the hotel here they charge ninepence for a sandwich, the ancient spirit of the freebooter has not yet left the scene, and his descendants love to spoil the Sassenach. It is from this great lake, which is said to have one hundred islands, that the immense supply of water for the city of Glasgow is drawn by gravitation. I was told that by this route of the pipes it was over one hundred miles. Think of supplying Melbourne with water from Sandhurst ? but that of the Loch is singularly pure and sweet. From the hotel a fine view of the lake is ob- tained, but as we approach the Trosachs it be- comes more and more grand. We sail between "Ellen's Isle" and "the Silver Strand," and our memories of the "Lady of the Lake" and the "Chief who in triumph advances," are all refreshed and furbished up to the spots made sacred by the genius of Sir Walter Scott. Great Ben Venue towers, precipitously on our right and bare and rugged Ben Dan on our left. The hills seem to close round us, and as we sail up between them, we feel that at last we are really in the "Land of brown heath and shaggy wood, Land of the mountain and the flood." The beautiful tinted foliage of the birch, copse, and many other trees, not forgetting the Rowan tree, that terror of witches, shows beautifully against the dark background of the heath cov- ered hills, and we feel as if dirks, claymores, sporrans and kilts are quite necessary articles of attire. Meantime we land at a small rustic pier and refresh before starting on our ten miles walk to Callander, a method of locomotion we prefer having plenty of time to do it. To be continued. 