v .iMATEUR TURF CLUB, A^NTERMEETING. ZTt SIELBOtraUE CORRESPONDENT.} I Saturday Evening. The "Victoria Amateur Turf Club were highly favored to-day by the clerk of the weather, for a finer winter's day could scarcely bo imagined or desired. This agreeable slate of things, combined with an excellent programme of five events, including " The Ladies' Trophy," induced a large number of Saturday afternoon holiday seekers to visit the course, and the grand stand was occupied by an un usual number of the fair sex. For tho great attraction of the day no less than 55 horses were colored on the card, and of these about 40 started, the result being naturally a mere scramble. The fortu nate winner of the diamond bracelet was Mrs Sanderson, the nominator of The Ghost. His Excellency the Governor was present during the greater portion of the afternoon. The following are tho events :— Swung Race, of 50 sovs. The winner to be sold for £100. Weight for age, with selling reductions. Five furlongs. R. M'Kinley's ns b f Castaway, 3yrs (S. Davis) ... 1 3\. G. Cook's br f Nymph, 2yrs (John son) ... 2 J. Paterson's br h Whisper, oyrs (Hughes) ... 3 The other starters were Young Sam, Boatman, iQueen Elizabeth, Sicily, and Halifax. Time, lmin. Slsec. Handicap Hurdle Race, of 75 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each. One mile and three-quarters. J. 0. Inglis' b g Huzza, oyrs, list 31b (Owner) ... 1 E. Weekes'bm Triplet, aged, lOst 131b (King) ... 2 J. Gray's cb g Miller, Cyrs, 9st 51b (JI'Donald) ... 3 The followed also started : Trump, Gambler, Avalanche, Black Prince, Devilshoof, Stormbird, and Musidora. Time, 3min. 37sec. The "Victoria Gold Cup, value 100 sovs. A handicap steeplechase added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each for starters. To be ridden by members or hon. , members of the Y.A.T.C., to be ap proved by the stewards. Two miles. J. G. Reid's ns bl g Black Jacket, 5 yrs., list 71b (G. Watson) ... 1 T. W. Phillips' g g Abdallali, aged, 21st 101b (Pinder) ... 2 J. O. Inglis' b g Yerlo, aged, list (Inglis) ... 3 The other starters were—Scotchman, Gold Top and Baronet. Betting : 2 to 1 against Black Jacket, 3 to 1 against Yerlo, 10 to 3 against Ab dallali. Time, 4mins 53secs. The Ladies' Trophy, for a Bracelet, . value 150 guineas. A handicap for two years old and upwards. All horses to be nominated by ladies, the nominator of the winning horse to receive tho Diamond Bracelet. "J'iie nominators or the second and third horses to receive trophies to the value of 15 and 10 guineas, respectively. Six furlongs. Mrs Sanderson's cli li The Ghost, 5yrs, ;9stllb (Batty) _ ... 1 Mrs Gipp's ch g Liddington, 3yrs, Sst 31b (Power) ••• 2 Mrs C. S. Wheeler's b c Transferred, 3yrs, 9st Gib (O'Brien) ... 3 The other starters, making up a field of 42 in all, were—Welcome Jack, Squireen. ■Verdure, Wizard, Cassiopeia, Wcstbury, Coreena, Phantom, Egerton, Josephine, King Charles, Mamaluke, Baronet, Cast away, Forlorn, Tocal, Whisper, Brenda, Glory, Virago, Dukedom, King Sol, John Peel, Zephyr, Mary, Boatman, Sir Charles, Mrs Jarley, Crnsar, Flash of Lightning, Nymph, Joan, Queen Eliza beth, Sinking Fund, Her Majesty, Ticli bourne, Yellow Hammer, L'Africaine, Kambrook. Betting: 100 to 3 Transferred, 100 to 5 Egerton, The Ghost 100 to 0. Time, tmin. 21isec. Open Steeplechase. A hadicap of 100 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 30 sovs each. Two miles. A. Taylor's b g General Jackson, G yrs, 9st 121b (JI'Gowan) ... 1 H. Bailey's ch g Vanlter, G yrs, list 21b (Scobie) ... 2 K. Johnson ns b g Napoleon, G yrs, 93t 12Ib(Hewlet) ... 3 The following also started : Blackthorn, Magic, Alhambra, Devilshoof, Mariner, Magician, Jupiter, Acot, Gold Top and Peter. Time, 4min. 31sec. The Ballarat Courier states that an enthu siastic public meeting was held on Friday night to consider the half-holiday question. The hall was packed to the doors, and the ■ hon. Major Smith in the chair. The following resolutions were carried nnanimously :—" 1. That this meeting views with regret the action taken by a section of the Master's .Tradesmen's Association in endeavoring to .altera movement which has hitherto proved invalnable to the employes." 2. " That this meeting is of opinion that the half holiday is alike beneficial to employers and ^employes, and is in no way detrimental to the interest of city or town." 3. "That this meeting entirely approves of the Friday balf-boliday, and pledges itself to support the tame' by every legitimate means." The meeting was a great triumph for the sup porters of the half holiday. The following gentleman spoke during the evening, besides -the chairman (Major Smith) Mr James, M.L.A.; the Bevs. A. R. Edgar and' R. J. -Mercer; Mr Dixon, ex M.L. A. (who hap. pened to be in Ballarat) ; and Messrs A. Hnnter, D. Fitzpatrick, C. E. Jones, E. T. Vale, A. Miller, D. J. Caruegie, and Mr R. Ince. The Portland Guardian states that the Mayor of Portland, Major Trangmai, was hailed by his friends in the town on Wed nesday as Thane of Bnrswood, and congra tulated on his acquisition of the fine property bo long,occupied by MrEdward Honty, the pioneer of the colony. Mr Tranginar has purchased the property just as it stands, including furniture, &.O., except that Mrs Henty has reserved to herself the privilege of selecting, and taking at valuation prica, " any articlea she may wish to keep as me mentoev of her Portland home. The public recognise a certain propriety in MrTrang mar, who has been long closely identified with the history of Portland, coming into possession of one of its most desirable residences. The annual report of the Ballarat City Free Library opens as follows :—" Your committee, in presenting their fifth annual report, have much pleasure in testifying to the steadily increasing usefulness and popu larity of the institution, more particularly the library proper, "which is so crowded every evening by youths from 14 years of age and upwards that many cannot find sitting-room. The average weekly atten dance at the library and reading rooms is abont 3700." A Peael-like Whiteness of the teeth healthy gums, and fragrant breath, are ob tained by using Rowlands' Odonto, proves during the last seventy-six years to he the best dentifrice ever used; and far superior to all other pastes, washes, or tooth powders. Row lands'AIacassar Oil preserves, strengthens, and beautifies the human hair, prevents it falling off or turning grey, and eradicates scurf, dand riff, &c.; Sola by all chemists, druggists, stores, etc. Wholesale Agents, Victoria Felton, Grim wade & Co. Melbourne.—JAnv. .Advice to People about to Keep Fowls. —Save your money and buy some Borwick's Gold Medal Custard Powder, which renders eggs; a superfluity, since it produces the most delicious custards, blanc-manges, eta, at half the usual cost. Everybody now uses Borwick's Baking Powder for bread and pastry, and the Custard Powder? is becoming usually " as household word:' . Australian-Hair Restorer is confidently recommended as being far superior to English and American preparations (no matter how '^reat their pretensions), and much cheaper. It thoroughly cleanses the head from dandriff, promotes new growth, and a single bottle will positively restore grey or faded hair to its original color and beauty. Proprietors Clemes v'and, Bab.tlem.as-. Retailed by al Oheihists- in.theeolonv. Price .is fid ~Adv (Elo kiline !—For the Teeth and Breath —A -few drops of the liquid "Florilinee sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a feasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all-parasites or impurities, hardens ■the • gums, >- . revents. tartar, stops decay, gives jto- the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a ^delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes alliunpleasant. odour arising from decayed ■teeth- or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline," being. composed in part of Honey -and-sweet-herbs; is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet disco very of the age. -Price tjjs 6d;:ofall Chemists and Perfumers.' Whblo sale -depot' removed to 33,Farringdon Road, England,.. ,(j 