THE FOUR GOSPELS. By Ca-'OX Fabrar. (An Address delivered in Westminster A.bbey, on January 6.)— (Continued, j -* Now, as we look at these four Gospels, an obvious difference between them at once strikes the most itfreless reader. It is that St. Matthew, St Mark, and St. Luke are in many respects like each other, and in many respects unlike St. John. The first three dwell mainly, and almost exclusively, on Christ's ministry in Galilee; the fourth on His ministry in Judea. The first three are nmnnieA mainlv and almost exclusively with His miracles'and parables and addresses to the multitude ; the fourth is occupied with His higher, deeper, more abstract discourses. The first three give us more of the external incidents of the life of Christ ; the fourth more of its inmost spiritual meaning. The first three are, to use a convenient modern term, more objective, the fourth more sub jective ; the first three speak more of action, St. John more of contemplation; the first three more of labor and the way, the fourth more of home and of the rest. Hence the first three evangelists are called the Synoptists, because they give us one view ; they give us a view which can be put, as it were, in one table, synopsis, or conspectus of the life of Christ ; the fourth stands more alone. Now, my brethren, pause for a moment to consider what a blessing this is. The four Gospels are, as it were, the sacred stereoscope which gives to us a record of our Saviour, not in its bare surface, but in its living solidity. With the first three we should have known much about our Lord, but not the whole. They give us for the world the ex perience and origin of a society. St. John gives us for the Church the inspired intuition of a disciple. There is no contradiction between them, anymore than there is between Xenophon, who gives us the outer life of Socrates, and Plato, wnicb gives us his in most spirit. The Synoptists furnish us with the pictures, like those three separate por traits of a king, which the great painter pre pared for the sculptor who was to reproduce, in marble, the very man, They give us the various aspects, as it were, of one glorious landscape ; and St. JoV-n pours over the landscape a flood of heavenly sunshine. In their differences we see the variety of nature ; in their agreement, its marvel lous essential unity. Now, for this fact that holy men of old, moved by the Holy Ghost, have left]us four Gospels, the Church has always been thankful. Even early fathers compared the four Gospels to that river, which, flowing out of Eden to water the Garden of God, was parted into four heads, passing lands of which the gold is good, and which have the bdellium and the onyx stone. But the still commoner symbol of the evange lists is that derivsd from the four living creatures, the fourfold visage of the four cherubim which form the chariot of the Lord in the vision of EzekieL In almost every church, as hi this abbey, carved over the holy table, you will find somewhere or other de picted the four symbols of the Evangelists, the man or angel of St. Matthew, the lion of St. Mark, the ox of St. Luke, the eagle of St. John. The man was for St. Matthew, as the early Church said, because he brings out Christ's kingly and human character; the lion for St. Mark, because of the strength, energy, and, as it were, bound ing rapidity of his delineations ; the ox for St. Luke, because he indicates Christ's priestly, sacrificial, and mediatorial office ; the eagle for St. John, because he soars to heaven above the clouds of human infirmity, and reveals to us the mysteries of the God head and the felicities of eternal life — gazing on the light of immutable truth with a keen and steady ken. This is, then, why the Gospels are compared to the vision of Ezekiel at the river of Chebar. Like them, as has been said by a prelate of our Church, these four Gospels are the chariot of God, who ?' sitteth between the cherubims ;' like them, they bear Him on a winged throne into all lands ; like them, they move where the Spirit guides them ; like them, they are mar vellously intertwined with coincidences and differences— Ming interwoven with wing, and wheel entwined with wheel ; like them, they are full of eyes, and sparkle with heavenly light ; like them, they sweep from earth to heaven, and from heaven to earth, and fly with lightning speed and with the noise of many waters. 'Their sound has gone out into all lands, and their words unto the ends of the world.' III. There may be in this comparison, and indeed there are, some elements of mere fancy; but it was right to allude to it, because of its antiquity and its interest. But as there is no element of mere fancy in what I have already said aa to the value of the four Gospels, and as to the differences between St. John and the three who had preceded him, so there will be none in the very brief sketch which I will now give you of the main characteristics of each separate Gospel. St. Matthew wrote in Judea, wrote for the Jews, and possibly, in bis earliest sketch of the discourses of Christ, wrote in the Jewish language ; but if so, he must himself have translated, at a later period, his own gospel into Greek. This very fact goes very far to illustrate the specialties of the Gospel of St. Matthew. It is the Gospel for the Jews ; it is the Gospel of the past, it is the Gospel of Jesus as the Messiah. That it is the Gospel of the Jews appears in the very first words, 'The Book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the Son of David, the Son of Abraham ;' — ' The Son of David,' and therefore the heir to the Jewish .king dom ; ' The Son of Abraham,' and therefore the heir of the Jewish promise. That it is the Gospel of the past appears in the con stantly recurring formula, we might almost call it the refrain, of this Gospel — ' That it might be fulfilled' — words which occur on nearly every page of the book- The Gospel contains no less than sixty-five quotations from the Old Testament ; nearly three times as many as there are in any any one of the other Gospels. Even in the first two chapters the Evangelist, in five incidents of the infancy of Jesus, sees the fulfilment of five ancient prophecies. Another point is that this first Gospel is mainly didactic, being marked by five great continuous discourses— the Sermon on the Mount, the Address to the Apostles in chapter ten, the Parables of the Kingdom of Heaven in chapter thirteen, the Dis courses on the Church in chapter eighteen, and the Discourse on the Judgment from the twenty-third to the twenty- fith chapter : these discourses all dwelling on the work of the Messiah, the Messiah of the ancient people, as Lawgiver, as Judge, and as King. The;Gosi-el of St. Matthew was, then, as it has been called, the ultimatum of Jehovah to His ancient people : ' Recognise Jesus as your Messiah, or accept Him as your Judge.' St. Mark, on the other hand, probably wrote in Rome for Latins. Probably when St. Peter was imprisoned before his death, the Roman Christians asked St. Mark to preserve for them Peter's reminiscences of the life of the Lord. It is the Gospel of the present, the Gospel Tor the Romans, the Gospel of Jesus as the Lord of the world. So completely does he represent St. Peter, that St. Peter's speech to Cornelius in the Acts of the Apostles has been called the Gospel of St. Mark in a nutshell. In St. Matthew's is the didactic Gospel, the Gospel of popular dis courses, St. Mark's is the anecdotical Gospel, or the book of incidents ; it is the book of Apostolic memoirs ; it is marked by the graphic vividness which reflects the memory oi an eye-witness ; the GobdcI which, apart from any special reference to theology or to prophecy, brings out the idea of our Lord's deeds as he moved and lived among men. St. Luke, again, on the other hand, wrote in Greece, and wrote for the bright, clever, affable Greek world. Hence his Gospel is in its language the most accu rate, in its order the most historical and artistic. It is the first volume of a great nar rative which traces the victorious advance of Christianity from Gallilee to Jerusalem, and from Jerusalem to Rome. Hence it is the Gospel of the Gentile convert. It does not deal with the yearnings of the past, or with the glories of the present, but with the aspira tions of the future. It paints the Gospel, not as the fulfilment of prophecy, but as the satisfaction of our moral cravings : it describes Jesus, not as the Jewish Messiah, or the Universal Lord, but as the Saviour of sinners ; it is a Gospel not national but uni versal, not regal but human ; it is the Gospel cleansed from the leprosy of castes, and the blindness of limitations ; it is the Gospel for sinners, for Samaritans, for the Gentiles ; it is Christianity for man. It might then have been imagined that the three Gospels had ex hausted all the possible aspects of the life of our Lord. It might be asked, What re mains? One infinite thing remains— eter- nity, the wants of the spiritual reason ; and St. John drops the great keystone into the soaring arch of Christian revelatum when he represents Christ, neither as Messiah only, nor king only, nor even Saviour only, bnt as the Incarnate Word ;' as Christ the Life and Light of men, the pre-existent and Eternal Son of God; not only as the Son of M»q who ascended into Heaven, but as the Son of God who descended from Heaven to save and sanctify the world. The whole circle of Gospel revelation is as it were rounded into a flawless symbol of eternity, when St. John tells us that 'in the beginning wasthe Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God,'— 'and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld Hisglory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.8' Let me, then, as an aid to your memories, sum up these large and true, though not exclusive or exhaustive generalisations, in one or two words. St. Matthew, to recapitulate, wrote in Judea for the Jews. His is the Gospel of the past, the Gospel which sees in Christi&nitv; a fulfilment of Judaism, the Gospel of discourses', the didactic Gospel, the Gospel in which Christ is represented to us as primarily the Messiah of- the Jew. St. Mark wrote in Italy for the Ko:nans. His is the Gospel of the present, the Gospel of inci dents, the anecdotical Gospel, the Gospel which represents Christ as the strong! 3-m of God and the Lord of the living world, St. Luke wrote, perhaps in Corinth, for the Greeks. His is the Gospel of the future, thtf Gospel of progressive Christianity, the Gospel of universal and free salvation, the historical Gospel, the Gospel for sinners, the Gospel of Jesus as the Good Physician, and the Saviour of mankind. St. John wrote in Ephesus for all Christians. Wj« is pre-eminently the Gospel for the Church, the Gospel of eternity, the spiritual Gospel, the Gospel of Christ as the Eternal Son, and as the Incarnate Word. Now to make our conceptions of these different books of the Bible clear and definite, and. to hx them in our memories, it is often very desirable, when it is possible, to choose from each book one characteristic phrase which is typical of the book, some one sentence by which the book is definitely marked. For tunately we can do this, I think, with the Gospels. The motto, then, the typical and characteristic sentence for St. Matthew would be : ' That the saying might be ful filled.' That sentence occurs some thirteen times in the Gospel of St. Matthew. Or we might choose the similar sentence as his motto : 'I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil.' The characteristic phrase which marks the Gospel of St. Mark, the characteristic, that is, of the startling rapidity and energetic brevity of his Gospel, might be the words : ' And immediately,' or 'and straightway,' which occur in this Evangelist no less than forty -two times, whereas they occur but three times in the much longer Gospel of St. John. The motto for St. Luke, characteristic of his joyous and sympathetic tenderness of tone, descriptive indeed of the great mass of his GospeL might be the words: 'Who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil.' The motto for St. John, indicative of the depth of mind which pervades all his Gospel, could only be the four most marvellous and epoch-making words which ever were written : ' The Word became flesh.' IV. To conclude then, my brethren; if you have followed me in what I have saidt and if you Mill take it with you, and test it by your own studies, I think you will be gainers thereby. But if you desire one further word of exhortation, let it be this, that if we want to see, to realise, to find the true harmony of the Gospels, we must try to find it in our selves. The Gospels teach us what Christ Jesus was. If we would know what He was, let us by prayer, by watchfulness, by effort, and by coming to God through Christ, strive to *' put off the old man, which is corrupt after deceitful lusts, and let us put on the new man, which is after Christ Jesus,' whom the Gospel represent as created in righteousness and true holiness. We should need neither a harmony of the Gospels, nor a verification of their testimony, if we read that harmony and that verification written by tbe finger of the Holy Spirit on the fleshy tablets of the heart ; if we find in it sins forgiven, in consciences sprinkled, in hearts washed clean, in thoughts purified, in lives ennobled by the blood, by the Spirit, and by the life of our Lord. The four Gospels, we see, were meant to show us what Christ was, and what He meant us to be, and what is the salvation wherewith He saved us from sin, and from Satan, and from the world, and from ourselves. If we read those four blessed books aright, we shall look upon ourselves more hopefully ; we shall look upon our fellow-men with more of patience and of tenderness ; because we shall then regard Ixrfh ourselves and them in the light of those four words into which surely the spirit of all the four Gospels may be compressed, as souls for whom Christ died. 