The Waterloo Cup. The eleventh Waterloo Cup was concluded on Friday last on the enclosed coursing ground ot the Victoria Cours ing Club, at Digger's Rest, near Melbourne. In 1873, when a Waterloo Cap was first mooted, it was considered a bold and even a hazardous step for the Victoria Coursing Club io attempt a 32-dogs stake at £12 10s. each, that subscrip tion in those days being considered too high to attract 32 running men. The stake filled, however, and among the mall but enthusiastic supporters of ' the leash ' the great est interest was manifested in competition, which occupied nearly a whole week. There was no enclosed coursing ground in those days, and those who wished to see the trials had to resort to that quadruped known as ' Shank's pony,' ior none but the stewards end officials were allowed to ride. Many a time, after scouring the country for miles in search of game, the last course of the day would take place six or seven miles from the station, and then it was that earnest walking had to be resorted to. The open-country character of the sport haB given place to enclosed coursing, gate money and betting being the principal elements in the novel sys tem. Whether the enclosed system is calculated to deterio rate one of the most time-honoured spots of the nation or not is not within the province of the writer at present to discuss, but it is certain that scores and scores of bookmakers are seen at coursing gatherings nowadays where under the old style they could be counted on the fingers of one's hand. It is perhaps inevitable that betting should be an element in the composition of the s|-ort at the present time, but the extent to which speculation on enclosed coursing has ex tended among all classes will, in time, bring it into bad odour. The theory that coursing the hare on enclosed grounds is mere butchery cannot be endorsed by common sense, for the hare, knowing that she can gain refuge from her' pursuers, has greater chances of saving her life than if she were a ' homeless hare ' in the open. It is certainly very comfortable to be able to witness the whole of a Waterloo Cup meeting without wetting even the soles of one's boots, or walking a quarter of a mile in the three days; but though the recreative surroundings of the old siyle can find no favour in the mind of the public, who, if they can afford it, like to take things easy, yet it is the more sportsmanlike of the two. The V. C. C. have brought the coursing almost to the doers of the public, and as they can see the fun without exertion or fatigue they appreciate what has been done for them at the Oval. Reverting to the initiation of the Waterloo cups, Mr. W. Watson won the first cup with Miss Heller, and the following year Mr. W. M'Culloch carried it off — the stake that year being increased to 61 dogs— with his im ported greyhound, Royal Water. In 1875 it tell to another imported dog in Mr. J. Wagner's Sandy, and next year Mr. Wagner appropriated it with Miss Walker, about the merits of whose victory there was considerable dissatisfaction at the time. Mr. Gore then won the prize with Oitana, and the lucky courser next year was Mr. B. Hepburn, with his Young Bezique. New South Wales had a year previously to that time entered the competition, and, though some splendid greyhounds were sent from this colony, they had not the luck to get to the end of the stake. The late Mr. G. Lee Lord, however, was the first to break the ice, and in 1879 he carried across the border the ' Blue Ribbon of the Leash.' Next year a despised outsider, in Mr. T. Skidmore's Springwater, won the prize. In 1881 tbe Cup for the first time was competed for on the enclosed ground at the Oval. The hares were weak, and quite un accustomed to their new home, and every one will remember what terrible slaughter there was. Lady Maryborough, the victrix, ran through the stake unchallenged, dashing into avery hare to wjjich she was slipped. The Cup of 1882 saw a dual triumph for New South Wales in Mr. W. Cooper's imported Capri running first, and Messrs. Hill and Weir's Maid of Oborne taking second honours, the latter being also an imported greyhound. The great success of these two imported dogs, coupled with the phenomenal apeed displayed by Kingfisher just previously in the Australian Cup at the Werribee, opened the eyes of all coursers to the inferiority of the colonial-bred greyhounds. Almost fabulous prices were given for dogs in England for the Australian Waterloo Cup, and many of the best young greyhounds in the old country found their way to either Victoria or New South Wales. It was expected the stake could not possibly be won by a colonial dog, and the public were very anxious to learn the destined nominations of the imported flyers. Their yearning was not gratified, and until about a week before the draw the public were kept completely in the dark. It was expected there would be about a dozen imported dogs entered, and wagers were eagerly laid that they would embrace the winner. Absurdly short prices were taken about the nominations of Messrs. Cooper, Chirnside, Weir, M'Quade, and Town, and those who ' forestalled ' the owners have now to mourn their rashness. When the owners had invested their money — and that was only a few days before the draw — they, with the exception of Mr. A. Town, then declared their intentions. No previous Waterloo Cup contained so many first-class greyhounds, and though the stake fell to one of the best greyhounds ever bred in Australia, no great coursing event in the colonies ever witnessed the downfall of so many high- priced and first-class dogs, There was no more consistent performer than Rhodanthe in the 64 entries, she in her career having won 21 out of a total of 23 courses ; but yet she was not fancied as much as any of the imported flyers, many excel lent judges being of opinion that the last four left iu the stake would be imported greyhounds, if they were well separated on the card. Though only one importation, Cowslip II., went down in the first round, no one was pre pared to see the downfall of so many of the English dogs in tbe second and third rounds. At the end of the second daj's running, all the foreigners except Thrift — the least fancied of them all — had been thrust out of the big event. The running of Kingfisher and Capri alone justified the confidence of their supporters, the other so-called 'cracks' figuring most ignominiously and causing much disappointment to their patrons. 1'ho betting prior to the event and after the draw was 100 to 14 v. Rent Charge, 100 to 14 v. Kingfisher, 10 to 1 v. Capri 100 to 9 v. Melfort, 100 to 8 v. Hauteur, 100 to 7 v. Rhodanthe, 100 to 5 v. Western Duchess, 33 to 1 v. Proser pine, 100 to 3 v. Legerdemain, 100 to 3 v. The Secret, 100 to 3 v. Chanticleer, 40 to 1 v. Gorfoon, 40 to 1 v. Holling worth, 40 to 1 v. Prometheus, 40 to 1 v. Thrift, 50 to 1 each v. Girofla II., Mies Rosy, Bathurst Pride, Royal Tar, and Maid of Oborne ; 100 to 1 v. Lancastrian and Patience, and 200 to 1 v. Memo. In the individual courses the layers of the odds won 31 times out of 36 courses on the first day, so that those who think it is a profitable thing to accept the odds on coursing would have had their minds disabused of that idea. The 'fitting was not great taken all round, as the public were afraid to support any other than the imported division, and they are now sadder but wiser men. The notable feature of the first day's running was the terribly severe course to which Kingfisher and Bega were treated in the first round, which incapacitated both grey nounds from further progress in the stake. Kingfisher ran as true as steel, and never deviated once from the line of his gamo; and Bega stopped, owing to an internal rupture. crack, Melfort, ran in the most elovenly fashion, ana had all he could do to just raise the winning flag against jrTonifctheu8. Aiter an undecided, in the second round, Mel tort was awfully beaten by Legerdemain. Rhodanthe ran her two courses grandly ; and Thrift ran very prettily and covered her hare well. Crabtree also ran lite a good grey ? ound ; and Capri went with all his accustomed fire and . evemess. Rent Charge raced well from slips, and though T, JT?n h,B two courses, yet he did not ran like a stayer. '-TOO, did not shine, but he was not seen at his best, _ ne has not yet recovered from an injured toe. It was *ery unlucky for Messre. Hill and Weir thai Maid of Oborne and Hauteur were drawn together ; and it -was a further piece of bad luck that Hauteur was not quite herself. They elected to send Hauteur, as they thought Maid of Oborne was not as likely to cd as far through the stake as Bauteur, owing to the former's severe running at the late Australian Club Meeting, The Maid of Oborne, on being put down alongside Hauteur in the bye, beat her kennel companion almost 2 to 1. ? Unless Hauteur had gone wrong, surely two such good judees could not have been mistaken as to die condition of Hauteur. Werribee Shadow is another of the much-fancied contin gent which came to grief at the hands of Shrewd Girl, an outsider who subsequently played an important part in the stake. Ihe second day's coursing was principally remarkable for the overthrow of Capri and Rent Charge, Mr. Cooper's two much- fancied greyhounds. After Capri had led and well beaten Crabtree, he himself was in turn led by Rhodanthe ; but there was very litUe in the course, and had not Capri killed, he would have lowered her colours, for he was going with wonderful determination at the time. Rho danthe. however, in her first course with Queen Bee ran fearfully wide at the turns, and once or twice ' waited ' in tbe. most palpable manner; but when she met Capri she ran like a good greyhound. Legerdemain lan her two courses very cleverly, polishing off two really good grey hounds in Tom King and Gorsoon in the most decisive manner. The coursing generally was not of so fluky a character as on the first day, the length of the courses being more uniform and the trials generally well contested. The third and concluding dayof the Waterloo Cup Meeting was marked by no incident of surprise, and being Saturday there was a laige attendance of the public, but many of the disappointed coursers were conspicuous by their absence, and did not witness the concluding trials of the great event which has for eo long past created so much interest in coursing circles. As there were only 17 coursers left on the card, the special train did not leave Spencer-street station till the seasonable hour of half-past 10 o'clock. Of course the Waterloo Cup absorbed all the interest. From the manner in which Rhodanthe had acquitted herself during the two previous days, and her brilliant performance in the fouith course caused her to be generally selected as the winner, and odds of 5 to 2 were laid that she defeated Legerdemain, who had been run more severely than Mr. W agner's bitch ; and as Thrift was reported to be lame, odds were laid on Shrewd Girl for that course. Rhodanthe again ran with wonderful dash, and had very little trouble in asserting her supremacy over Legerdemain, being as usual extraordinarily handy with her teeth. Contrary to expecta tion Thrift ran a good greyhound, and despite her lameness only succumbed after a well-contested trial with Shrewd Gill. In the deciding course Rhodanthe never once during a beautifully run course left the oddB of 5 to 4 on her once in doubt, as' she led and well beat Shrewd Girl, again wind ing up with a clever kill. She easily defeated everything she met but Capri, and that was a desperately near thing ; and no one but the judge, who was riding near the dogs, could accurately assess the merit of the work done by the contesting greyhounds. No enthusiasm attended the ap pearance of Bhodanthe's flag, and there was not a single chccr heard ; but had Shrewd Girl won there would have been a fliout of joy heard miles away, for the metallicians would have all been large winners. All silently left the Oval for the train, the facial expression of the members of the magic circle being mostly of a funereal aspect. Ihe winner Rhodanthe, whose pedigree is tabulated below, is in her second season, and was bred in South Australia by Mr. W . B. Rounsevell. In her puppyhood she was slipped five times, her principal wins being the Hind marsh Island Stakes, and last year's Waterloo Plate. Only a few weeks back she carried' away the Australian Club Cup. When Mr. Rounsevell last year submitted the whole of his greyhound kennel for public auction some extra ordinary high prices wero given for the most fancied dogs, and nearlytfftery one considered that1 Mr. J. Wagner had made a dear purchase when he paid 76 guineas for Rhocanthe, but he is the most lucky courser that Australia has seen, and his bargain turned out, as all his greyhound investments have, to be highly remunerative. Few men havebeen eo'lucky asMr. Wagner, he having in his coursing career won three Waterloo Cups and three Australian Cups, to say nothing of many minor stakes, euch as the Stormont Plate. Rhodanthe, whose running weight was about 491b. , was brought to slips in grand condition by James Taylor, trainer for the Stormont kennel. W ith the exception of her third course, where she ran very suspiciously, she ran her trials with remarkable dash and cleverness, her accumula tion of speed when nearing her hare, her speed after losing her place, and her killing powers, all contributing to make her almost a perfect greyhound to a hare which was not a straight-going one. ' With a good spell there is lotB of running in Messrs. Fanning and Wagner's grand, grey hound. r-.„~ Canaiadzo Jung DcatU Annoyance -r Cock Robin ? — — | -'»'?' ou» 1 gsre™ jU h Tackle ,, ? — — ? Ei c Scaooiube « -2 My Mary Mendicant \- -3 ? I I Clansman i^bat g _ Ghillic Callum — ? ; | ? SSL 1 I *?*»« SSSdv., oo ' Lobelia ? . O r :,ap Liston g ljllac Snowdrop ?, — ? . ^ n«..M iv nil Union Jack \- Cauld Scotia's Thistle * Pell Mell ? 0 ^ Bonus ^ o ' Belle of Earaont w S Randolph Whipcord d Nellie '? ?? % | Miss Sprite jg®£ ? w ? ~ P? fe Patent Davld -£ ' aW! Lady Clara w Improver ? — — 2 | ? a;£?r | ' fe™'4 Yct Amv ? — — — Hnlidav Skyrocket ? uo'aa-' ? Jail Bird ? In Shrewd Girl the runner-up, Mr. J. B. Scott, has one of the most promising puppies in Australia. She ran all her trials with remarkable cleverness, and put down in Werribee Shadow, Gas the runner-up in the Purse and the winner of the Plate respectively, two dangerous grey hounds, and her other two conquests over Gunilda and Thrift were over competitors of more than average merit. She is very clever, a good killer, but lacks speed; but she may, as Rhodanthe has done, improve in pace by the time the next campaign comes round. Her breeding is undeniable, Damascus, her sire, and Peri, her dam, coming from some of the gems of the stud-book. Thanks to the three days' very fine weather, and the ground in good order, with the hares full of strength and ' go' from a courser's point of view, the meeting is the most successful that has yet taken place. Some of the hares, particularly on the first day, were regular ' demons,' and ran their pursuers almost to a standstill ; but in a majority of cases they ran evenly to covert, and made the trials uniform as to length. The arrangements made by Mr. Munday, the secretary, gave satisfaction to every body, and the large crowd which attended the Oval each day 'had an uninterrupted view of the coursing. Though in one or two instances the decisions of Mr. Gatenby were questioned, he discharged his duties with fewer errors than any other coursing jadge that has yet adjudicated upon the merits of greyhounds since the days of Mr. Warwick. Where there is so much money betted upon the various courses, there is bound to be cavilling at the judge's awards; but the stewards should, unless where a most palpable error is made, firmly set thieir faces againat the growing practice of impugning the official fiat. The slipping of R. Burner was good tiken all round, but cccaeionally there was % short slip given, and ia thai regard Rhodanthe, the winner, was very fortunate, it was not marked by activity and smoothness of delivery, but for one of his age he acquitted himself with greatcredit. Mr. Wolfltenholme made but one mistake with the flags during the three days. The transit arrangements were perfect, but a half-a-crown each way from the train to the Oval and back is rather too high a price for the luxury of a two mile and a-half ride. From a financial point of view the meeting must have been a great success. Appended are the running and results : — WATERLOO CUP. FIRST HOUND. Chanticleer was faster from slips, but Ballarat Judge reached the hare first, and showed unmistakable superiority all throueh a nice working trial, upsetting the odds of 7 to 4 on Chanticleer. Though Teviotdale reached the hare a couple of lengths in front ot Reseda by favour, the latter, in a terribly loDg trial, never received the least assistance from Mr. R. L. Tooth's representative. It was a very poor display on the part of Teviotdale. In a rattling trial, Country Squire was led by Gorsoon, who was too fast and clever for the Squire. Kingfisher at once went away from Bega, reaching his game seven lengths in advance of Mr. Bladon'6 puppy. A course of terrific length ensued, both dogs being run to a standstill, the hare escaping. Bega stopped before Kingfisher, who gamely pursued his hare and won with any amount to spare. It was the longest course of the meeting, and put out completely whatever chance Mr. Cooper's dog may have had. A little more than eight lengths separated Melfort from Prometheus ; the former, however, after the lead had a little the worst of it after a strong-going hare. The verdict was for Melfort. 3am was led by Legerdemain quite five lengths, who only allowed the former an occasional opening and the kill. It was a good race up to the hare between Hollingworth and No More, the former at last clearing out three lengths tor the lead and scoring fast. Towards the finish of a good course, however, No More was very busy, but the escape of tlie hare to covert enabled Messrs. Hall and Kite's dog to just win. Tom King was six lengths faster than Ballarat Pride, and won a long course to covert nearly all one way. Gqrooc was just led by Royal Tar by two Itnglhs, but the lormif had wiped out the points when the hare escaped. Crabtreo was half- a- dozen lengths faster than Mangana, but came down bodily at the turn, letting in the Tasmanian. He, however, came again, and although he fell a second time had won well when the hare got away. In a long race to covert West Thorn was a dozen lengths faster than Memo, who never scored once. Much interest was centred in the course between Capri and Traveller, wbc was behind five or six lengths to the bad when Capri turned. In the rest of a trial to covert the New South Wales repre sentative only held his own, but the early points enabled him to raise the winning flag. Proeperine had no trouble whatever in upsetting the claims ot Mailboy, who scored only by favour in a nice trial, Prosperine running beautifully. Rhodanthe raced away at once from Cowslips II., and, on reaching her hare, was six lengths ahead. A conple of exchanges followed, when Cowslip sent the hare into Rhodanthe's jaws, the latter flecking and then killing. Although Lady Maryborough led two lengths, Queen Bee j did everything else in the remainder of a good trial. Maid of Oborne, who was declared to be drawn, ran a bye with Hauteur, the latter having no show whatever with (he runner-up of last year's Waterloo Cup, either as to speed or cleverness. Hauteur killed. Nutlact IV. was many lengths too fast for Savannah, who, however, when placed next her hare was very busy, and was winning when Nutlad IV. came at the end and earned the award. Mai-ter Robin was greatly overmatched in his trial with Serapis, who was faster and smarter all through a good trial. Though Girofla II. got away from slips quickest she wasdefeatcd well by Queen of Hearts, who won withgreat fire. Miss Rosey made a shocking example of Coburg Boy in a trial of moaerate length, and Pilot II. only allowed Eunice an occasional opening in a short trial after a good hare to covert. Ihrift raced clean away from Mornington and wrenched strongly to covert, the latter running very slackly. In a well-run course, after a clever hare, Captivity did not show to advantage alongside of Real Grit, who led her six lengths, and beat the Sydney bitch in the most one-sided fashion. To a long slip Rent Charge led, and did all the work in a fairish trial with Stranger, except the finish. Rent Charge went very unsteadily at the turn, and did not use his hare at all well. Gunilda, going smartly from slips, led Western Duchess about 10 lengths, wrenched twice, and, picking up hare smartly, won in the most hollow fashion from one of the most-fancied dogs in the stake. Lancastrian showing great speed led 15 lengths, and never permitted Fact to get in once in a short trial after a racing hare to covert. Though Golden Arrow led, she was easily outworked by Bob Audley, who won with a lot in hand. Phoebe Marks reached the hare six lengths ahead of Patience, and in a short course to covert never gave Mr, Park's bitch the ghost of a show. Secret led, and did three-fourths of the work in a trial of moderate length after a hare which escaped. Except two or three exchanges made by Kew, Pirate IV. showed better pace, and did the most of the good work in a nice course. Gas just drew away for the lead, and only allowed Dutch Oven to make an occasional point in an exchanging trial to covert. After a good race up to the hare, Shrewd Girl j ust got the turn, and after an exchange of wrenches picked up her game in grand style, upsetting a great pot m Werribee Shadow. SECOND ROUND. Ballarat Judge just went ahead of Reseda for turn, and scored again, when the latter responded once ; an exchanging trial ensued in which the dog had much the best of the work It could not be expected that Kingfisher after his terrible gruelling would be himself, and it created no surprise when Gorsoon led him a long way and drove the hare to cover, an easy winner. The Victorian crack, Mel fort, at once drew away from Legerdemain, and reached the hare a length in front. He then wrenched once, when | Legerdemain got possession, killed, atd brought off the Judge's Cup. On being slipped again, tho bitch drew away from Melfort, led three or four lengths, turned twice, and only allowed the imported dog to score once. Melfort was badly beaten. Hollingworth did not show to advantage alongside of Tom King, who not only led the N. S. W. dog by seveial lengths, but well beat him into the bargain. In a long race up to a strong-going hare Crabtree drew away from Gorooc and never allowed him to score once. Capri was quicker from slips than West Thorn, and when the hare was reached was 10 lengths in advance. The Sydney crack showed great superiority in pace, defeating West Thorn in the rnoBt decisive style. It was a well -run course on the part of the winner. Although Proserpine had a temporary lead from slips, Rhodanthe puttiog un a spurt drew past her kennel companion and turned two lengths ahead. She then scored twice, and picking up her game won a short spin brilliantly. Queen Bee was not as fast as Hauteur, who led about four or five lengths, but when the latter had turned the gap had been considerably decreased. Hauteur thai went on in command, but in making a drive came down a purler, which threw heron her nose. Queen Bee then set busily to work before Hauteur got up again and began to score, when Queen Bee drew up on the inside, killed, and won what must have been a very close thing. Nutlad IV. went up to his hare first, but ran out so widely at his turns that Serapis could not help but win easily. Queen of Hearts was a little faster than Miss Rosev, but she too had to succumb from the same cause 'as Nutlad IV. In a long race to covert, Pilot II. could not foot it with Thrift, who led him four lengths and never allowed him a chance in a race covert. To a straight- going hare Rent Charge showed pace, and led Real Grit and wrenched twice, serving Real Grit, who, however, could only score once before the bare got into covert ; Rent Charge won easily. Lancas trian was quicker from slips than Gunilda, but the latter, accumulating pace, drew past Mr. Lamb's dog, and handled her game several times, making a grand drive to kill. When the hare escaped die had won with any amount to spare. Bob Audley was much faster than Phoebe Marks, but the latter cleverly outworked him after the opening points. There was very little to choose as to pace between The Secret and Pirate II., the latter just obtaining the lead, but the former was far too clever for Pirate II., whom she hand somely defeated. Shrewd Girl was very much faster than Gas, whom she led. by three lengths, and though the latter at times handled her hare smoothly Shrewd Girl had all the advantage in the racing stretches. THIRD ROUND Gorsoon was throe lengths faster than Reseda, and going oa with Jus bare ia grau4 style -Jid nearly all tiw work ia a severe course, including tha Sill. In a pretty trial Leger demain led three lengths, giving Tom King no chance. wiafc* i ever, except a few points and the kill. Cwpri led C rabbet - three lengths, and was always faster than Mr. E. K. Cox's puppy, who rushed terribly. Crabtree killed. Quean Bee had no chance whatever with Rhodanthe, who- led fiva lengths, but went very wide at the turns, once or twice going out suspiciously wide on the look-out for the kill, which she effected in a knowing manner. Queen Bee only scored Hum times. Serapis was a long way faster and more clever tha* Miss RoEey. who lent little or no assistance in a smartly ran trial. Great interest was centred in the meeting of Reat Charge and Ihrift, two of the New South Wales dogs. Two to one was laid on Rent Charge. Thrift went quickest from slips, but Mr. Cooper's dog overhauling her . had three lengths to the good when lie reached Out hare. After scoring twice in succession he ranso unsteadily that Mr. Town's bitch, working her hare in attistio style, bad won easily when the hare escaped. One of the most brilliantly run courses of the meeting was that by Gunilda, who raced clean away from Phoebe Marks, wrenohed twice, and picked up the hare very cleverly, never allowing? her opponent a single opening. Though slowest away. Shrewd Girl got the opening point, and, commanding tor game in beautiful sty le, only allowed Pirate II. to soon a lew times in a nice trial to covert after a strong hare. FOURTH ROUND. Legerdemain was four lengths faster than Gorsoon and Ecored nearly all the early points, but the latter pulled him self together and began to be desperately busy, when thehaiv escaped, leaving Legerdemain a bare winner. Capri Rhodanthe were sent away from slips almost locked to gether, and after a good struggle Rhodanthe drew away owing to the hare bending, and reached game two lengths ahead, and turned twice in succession, when she ranout, let ting in the last year's winner, who made four or five telling points, but Rhodanthe, seizing an opening, waa pro minent for a time. Capri then steadied himself for some nice work, when Rhodanthe knocked pass off her legs, when Capri killed and lost; but at any rate, allowing tor the lead, it must have been a close thing. Rhodanthe gained the award. When the hare was reached Thrift was foot lengths in front of Seiapis and scored thrice, wheaanioe series of exchanges ensued. Serapis, in the latter part of the trial, began to balance matters, but the hare escaped ia time to leave Thrift the winner. Shrewd Girl and Gunilda were evenly slipped, the latter getting on her legs quickest. Shrewd Girl, however, passod her opponent, and, covering; her hare splendidly, picked up the hare and won pointless. | FIFTH ROUND. Although Legerdemain was first to show in tho lead, Rhodanthe, accumulating pace, gradually forged ahead, and turned four lengths in front, and served herself for second. Legerdemain then got possession, and scored four or five wrenches, when Rhodanthe nicked in for the lrfll and won comfortably. Thrift and Shrewd Girl alternately led ; and, after a rare set-to for speed, the former just got the turn, when Shrewd Girl took charge of affairs and soored twice. A beautiful exchanging trial ensued, but towards the close of the course Mr. Scott's bitch was doing the most work ; and, winding up with a kill oil Thrift's turn, she won with a little in hand. DECIDING COURSE. Rhodanthe and Shrewd Girl were sent away beautifully from slips, the former at once going to the fore and leading by five iengths. She obtained first and second tarns, and raced past for the third. In the rest of a shortish trial Slitewd Girl scored three times by favour, Rhodanthe's wonderlul pace and fire enabling her to pass Mr. Scott's bitch whenever she pleased, ltbodanthe wound up with a uieritoi ious kill and won decisively. WATERLOO rUKSIi. FIRST ROUNl). Teviotdale being drawn, Chanticleer ran a bye. Bogs, who had severely injured herself internally during her course with Kingfisher, was also drawn, as was likewise Country Squire. Prometheus had no chance with Sam in a trial of average length. Ballarat led ise More, but he was well beaten in the end by the latter. Uoyal Tar was much faster than Mangana, but the latter easily outworked him in the end. Traveller made mincemeat of Memo, but it was a^ splendid course between Mailboy and Cowslip II. the former being the faster, and the latter the more clover. After a dodging hate it wa6 give and take. The fiat was for Cow slip II. Lady Maryborough ran a bye. Savannah led Master Robin, who did nearly all the rest of.the work in a good trial. Coburg Boy being drawn, Girofla II. got a bye. Mornington led and did some good early work, but running slaokly he allowed Eunice to beat him. Although Captivity was led by Stranger, when Bhe got command she never ieft her game, and ended a hollow winner. Western Duchess well beat Fact. Golden Arrow ran away from Patience, and scored seveial times before the latter got an opening and became very busy. Golden Arrow, however, had most speed in the stretches, and raced past her twice before reaching covert. Loo tan rings round Kew, and Dutch Oven had tosucoumh to Wetribee Shadow, .who scored everything of merit but tho kill in a good trial. SECOND ROUND. Chanticleer ran a single-handed bye, this being'his second in succession. Sam Bhowed a clean pair of heels to No More and pressed his game several times, when he came down. No More also fell, when Sam got in command and won easily. Traveller led and well beat Mangana after a. racing bate. Lady Maryborough had nolchance whatever with Cowslip II., who only allowed her au occasional open ing after a racing hare to covert. Girofla II. got the two first turns ; and though Master Robin appeared;to have balanoed things, the early work secured the fiat for Girofla II. Eunice could not foot it with Captivity, who did everything in a capitally run course. It was a very evenly contested tiial bttween Golden Arrow and Western Duchess. Golden Arrow ltd three lengths, and after that it was an exchang ing course, and when Western Duchess had appealed to equalise matters Golden Arrow came at the end, racing past, when the Duchess killed and put. out her chance. Loo was well beaten by Werribee Shadow in a very long trial, the former scoring only twice. THIRD ROUND. Sam led Chanticleer and scored several times, when th» latter killed off Sam's (urn. In a well-contested course Cowslip II. just managed to secure the verdict from Traveller, who «ras by no means disgraced. Captivity was not quite as fast up to the hare as Girofla II., who had* little difficulty in raising the winning flag. Werribee Shadow had the pace over Golden Arrow, who was decisively beaten in a fine trial. FOURTH ROUND. Cowslip II. was much inferior in pace to Sam, who allowed the .imported bitch very little to say in a course which he ended with a kill of merit. The speed' of Werribea Shadow enabled her to do all the early work in a good trial after a racing hare with Girofla II., who scored only once or twice by favour before the hare escaped. DECIDING COURSE. It was a most one-sided affair, Sam leading and dashing his hare about grandly, Werribee Shadow appearing to be quite exhausted. Sam killed and won pointless. Werribee Shadow was very lame when picked up. WATERLOO PLATE. FIR6T BOUND. Ballarat; Judge obtained abye, Kingfisher being drawn, and Melfort bting also drawn owing to lameness. Holling worth ran a bye. Gorooc after a splendid trial led West Thorn, who contested every inch of the course till the end, when he died away to nothing. Proserpine ran a pretty trial with Hauteur, who was all to pieces, and beyond show ing twice or thrice in the exchanges she did nothing. Proserpne killed. Nutlad IV. went very fast np to his hare, but ran so unsteadily that he was easilyidisposed of by Queen of Hearts. Real Grit had no trouble whatever in settling the pretentions of Pilot II., who ran a regular brute. Lancastrian showed pace over Bob Audley, but the latter once plaoed held selfish possession and never allowed Sir. Lamb s dog another look' in a nice trial. Secret had no show whatever with Gas, who defeated her almost pointku. SECOND ROUND. . Ballarat was drawn, and Hollingworth ran a bye with Maid of Dorset, who defeated him easily, but the former was all to pieces. Gorooc led Proserpine a oouple of lengths and scored twice, when Proserpine in a drive fell, but palling herself together she worked her hare in style, and won with a little in hand. Real Grit bad the advantage in point of speed over Queen of Hearts, but Uu Utter easily outworfcoi the former an& van a %ood trial. It was a -very evenly contested trial between Gas and Bob Audley; but though the former ? *m not quite as fast as the latter, she had won well when Bob tilled. TRIM) ROUND. 'Proserpine ran a single-handed bye, Hollingworth having , keen' drawn owing to lameness. Gas beat Queen of Hearts 'with a good balance in hand, the latter lacking the requisite face to cope with Gas, who tan with wonderful fire and determination. DECIDIXG COURSE. Proserpine, when clipped, allowed Gas to race away to the hare and put together a strong beginning before she got in ; but Gas failed to keep her gas, and rendered no assistance a the remainder of a beautifully ran (rial. 'Watrbloo Cop, for 64 all agee, at £25 each ; winner £500 and silver collar, presented by the club ; second, £200 ; third and foorth, £50 each; four dogs, £30 each ; eight dogs, £20 each ; 16 dogs £ 10 each. Mr. W. Bailey's bird p Ballai-at Judge, by Digby Grand — MisS Armstrong, beat Sir W. J. Clarke' 6 r or 1 w d p Chanticleer, by Castor— Persephone. Mr. TV'. B. RocnrcvcU ns bfe w or w bk b Rteida, by Rebellion— Westeria, beat Mr. B. L. Tooth's r or f w d Teviotdale, by Lemi — Kadi ant. llr. W. M'Cullocb's rw dp Gossoon, by Chester— Mint, beat Mr. J. Mnnday ns w f or r d p Country Squire, by Castor — Peri. Hi. B. M'Quade ne w b d Kingfisher, by Whcft— Royal Anne, beat Mr. T. Taylor ns I b p Bega, by Lelex— Daisy. Mr. R. Chirnade'e bk w d Melfort, by Bedfellow — Aunt Martha, beat Mr. J. Elworthy ns w I d Prometheus, by Billy the Nat Fair Nell. llr. 6. Whittingbam'e bk w b Legerdemain, by Ledgerkeeper— llagic, beat Mr. A. Clarke ns b w d 6am, by Grenadier— Beroa. Mr. W. R. Hall ns r w d Holliagworth, by Master Bameigh— Bark Forward, beat Mr. J. B. Hamilton ns w rd b No More, by Wildrake— Lioness. Mr.F. Tillcy'B be wd p Tom King, by Tom Pepper— Tomboy, beat Mr. A. Christy ns f wd p Ballarat Pride, by Digby Grand Mies Armstrong. Mr. H. Gore's be w d p Gooroc, by Grenadier— Girofla, beat Mr. ' 8. Benwick ns r d Boyal Tar, by Tomult — Gazette. Mr. T. Button ns b d d p Crabtree, by Lelex— Daisy, beat Mr. J. Wolstcnbolme ns bk w b p Mangana, by Fraser— Fly. Mr. T. Bromell'sbk w d West Thorn, by The Jew — Otaira, beat Mr. D. Davies ns twbpMemoly, by Dionysius O'Kane— Gazette. Meesrs. W. and J. Lee as r w d Capri, by Canute— Little Star, beat Mr. J. Kemp's t w d Traveller, by Harlem— 2nd Duchess ot Kent. Mr. W. P. Buchanan ne f w b Prosperine by Charon — Elsa, beat Mr. A. Forrester ns f d p Mailboy, by Dionysius O'Kane — Gazette. Mr. J. W. Crosbie ns w b k b Rhodanthe, by Rebellion— Westeria, beat Mr. B. Hepburn's i w b Cowslip 2nd (late Cowslip), by British Standard — Tibbie. Mr. F. E. Harris ns r or f w b Queen Bee, by Whittling Dick — Shy Girl, beat Mr. M. Adamson ns r w b Lady Maryborough, by Robin Hood— Princcse Alice, Mr. weir's bk w b Uauteur, by jEolus— Nettley Burn, a bye. Mr. G.Hill, jun.'sbkwb Maid of Oborne, by MUterton— Coo- massie, drawn. Mr. G. Cookson's f w d Nutlad 4th, by Nutlad 2nd— Eurydice, beat Dr. Fetherstone ns bk w b p Savannah, by One of the Twelve— Gleniora's sister. Mr. A. Smith's r w b Serapis (late Rosebud}, by 8wiveJ!er— Swin- , side, beat Mr. T. Chad wick ns 1 d p Master Robin, by Robin Hood — Shasta. Mr. G. Goodrich ns w bk b p Queen of Hearts, by Whistling Dick — Lady Timor, beat Mr. D. Jones ns be w b Girotla 2nd, | by Grenadier — Girofla. Mr. C. Pearce ns r b w p Miss Rosey, by Chester — Rosey Fawn, beat Mr. A. Davis' w bk d p Coburg Boy, by Ca6tor — Peri. Mr. T. Taj lor'sf w d Pilot 2nd, by Nutlad 2nd— Eurydice, beat 1 Mr. R. K. Montgomerie's f or r w b p Eunice, by Bright Idea —Dora. Mr. A. Town's bd w b Thrift, by Enterprise— Ben-y-GIcd. beat Mr. W. K. Thomson ns r d Murnington, by Dionsyius O'Kane — Belgian Queen. Mr. J. M'Culloch ns r w b Real Grit, by Chester— Mint, beat Sir. H. E. Lord ns or t b Captivity, by Misterton — Coomassie. Mr. W. CoopeiJ6 bk w d Rent Charge, by Market Day — Wilful Widow, beat Mr. J. Faucctt ns be w d p Stranger, by Sam Spiteful. Mr. A. Oliver ns blk w b Gunilda, by Grenadier— Girofla, beat Mr. J. Robertson ns b d w r p Western Duchess, by Regis trar-General— Western Princess. Mr. W, Lamb ns b d w p Lancastrian, by Lelex — Bracelet, beat Mr. H. R. Faulkincr's f w b p Fact, by Robin Ilood— Folly. Mr. W. Watson's bk vdp Bob Audley by One of the Twelve — Lady Audley, beat Mr. R. Woodbonsc'e f b p Golden Arrow, by Cbcster-^Quiver. Mr. 8. Willis ns b k w b Phoebe Marks, by One of the Twelve Lady Audley beat Mi'. A. L. Park's f w b Patience, by Port land Lassie. Mr. W. Potcrson's bl w b The Sccret, by Claverhonse— Lidy Audley, beat Mr. J. T. T. Smith ns r or f w b Loo, by Tan baneer— Young Lottie. Mr. H. Panel-ton's bl w d Pirate 2nd. by Robin Hood— Nemesis beat Mr. T. K. Bennett's f d Kew, by Harem Scarem— Young lady. Mr. W. Thompson n6 bk w b p Gas, by Chester— Mint, beat Mr. B, Eraser's bk w d p Dutch Oven, by Chesterfield— Kew Rose. Mr. J. B. Scott's w bk or bk wb p Shrewd Girl, by Damascus— Peri, beat Mr. G. Magycr ns bk w b Werribee Shadow, by. Bashful Joe— Ruby. ebcohd hound. Berida beat Ballarat Judge Miss Rosey beat Queen of Gossoon beat Kingfisher Hearts Legerdermain beat Mclford let Thrift beat Pilot 2nd Tom King beat Hollingworth Kent beat Beal Grit Crabtree beat Gooroc Griselda beat Lancastrian Capri beat West Thorn Phoebe Marks beat Bob Audley Bhodanthe beat Proserpine Pirate XI. beat Secret Queen Bee beat Hauteur Shrewd Girl beat Gas Seiapis beat Nutlad 4th SHIRS BO\\)HD.| Gossoon beat Resida Serapis beat Miss Rosey Legerdemain beat Tom King Thrift beat Rent Chai ge Capri beat Crabtree Gunilda beat Phoebe Marks Bbodantbe beat Queen Bee Shrewd Girl beat Pirate 2nd. VOVBTH BOUND. Lefrerdemain beat Gossoon I Thrift beat Serapis Ahodantlie beat Capri | Shrewd Gill beat Gunilda, FIFTH aouiin. Xhodantbe beat Legerdemain | Shrewd Girl beat Thrif t. mcmrae covbbe. llr. J, W. Crosbie ns w bk b Rhodanthe, by Rebellion — Westeria, beat Mr. J. B. Scott's w bk b Shrewd Girl, by Damascus— Peri, and won the Waterloo Cup. Thb Waterloo Purse, for 32 doge '.beaten in the first round of the Cup; winner, £71 5s.; second, £28 10b.; third and foorth, £14 5b. each ; four doge, £9 10s. each ; eight doge, £4 15s. each. Sir W. J. Clarke's r or 1 w d p Chanticleer, by Castor— Perse- phone, a bye ; Mr. K. L. Tooth's r or f w d Teviotdale, by L'Ami — Radiant, drawn, llr. J. Monday ns w f or r d p Country Squire, by Castor— Peri, and Mr. T. Taylor ns f b p Bega, by Lelex— Daisy, both drawn. Mr A. Clark ns be w d Sam, by Grenadier— Bertha beat Mr. J, Elwortby ns w I d Prometheus, by Billy the Nut— Fair Nell. Mr. J. B. Hamilton ns w bd b No More, by Wildrake— Lioness, beat Mr. A. Christy ns t w d p Ballarat Pride, by Digby Grand— Miss Armstrong. Mr. J. Woletenbolme ns bk w b p Maneana, by Frazcr — Fly, beat Mr. 6. Ren wick ns r d Royal Tar, by Tumult— Gazette. Mr. J. .Kemp's S w d Traveller, by Harem II.— Duchess of Kent, beat Mr. D. Davies ns f w b p Memo, by Dionysus O'Kane— Gazette. Mr, B. Hqpbum's f w b Cowslip II. (late Cowslip), by British Standard— Tibbie, beat Mr. A. Forrester ns f d p Mail Boy, by Dionysius O'Kane— Gazette, llr. M. Adam son ns r w b Lady Maryborough, by Robin Hood— ft-inoess Alice, a bye; Mr. G. Hill's bk b Maid of Oborne, by Mutertan— Coomassie, drawn. Mr. T. Chadwick ns f d p Master Robin, by Robin Hood— Shasta, beat Dr. Fcaiherston ns bk w b p Savannah, by One of the TiWelve— Glenlora's Sister. Mr. D. Jones o e be w b Girofla II., by Grenadier — Girofla, a bye, Mr. A. Davis ns w bk d p Coburg Boy, by Castor— Peri, Mr. R. K. Montgomerie's f or r w b p Eunice, by Bright Idea— Dera, beat Mr. W. SL Thomson ns r d Mornington, by Dionysius O'Kane— Belgian Queen. 'Wr. H. £. Lord ne ror f b Captivity, by Misterton — Coomassie, beat Mr. J. Faucctt ns be w d p Stranger, by Sam — Spiteful. Mr. i. Robertson ns bd wbp Western Duchess, by Registrar General— Western Princess, beat Mr. H. R. Falkiner's f w b p Fact, by Rofcin Hood— FtoUy. .F- WoodhouBe'e f b p Golden Arrow, by Chester— Quiver, w , L. Park's l»b Patience, by Portland — Lassie. **? . ? *? Smith ns r or S w b Loo, bv Taanhauser — Youner Lottie, beat Mr. T. K. Beniief* I d Kew, by H »i«m Scarem— Young Lady. ^?G.Kayger Mbkwb Werribee Shadow, by Bashful Joe— Bnby.beatMr.U. Fraeer'e bk w d p Dutch 0««s, by Ches terfield— Kew Rose. ' J SBCOMn ROUND. Chanticleer a bye, County Squire Girofla II. beat Master Robin « Captivity beat Eunice Sam beat J.0 More Goiaen Arrow beat Western Traveller beat Mangana Duchess Ccw&lip; II. beat lady Mary- Werribee Shadow beat Loo. JwroDg b Vwrtn lOUND. San beat Chanticleer I Werribee Shadow beat Golden Cowslip II. beat Traveller I Arrow, Girofla JI. beat Captivity } ForBTH aonra. Sam beat Cowslip II, | Werribee Shadow beatGircfiall. SBCXDXKG COCBSB. Mr. A. Clark tos (Mr. J. Williams's) be w d p Sam, by Grenadier Bertha, beat Mr. G. Mayger ns (Mr. B. Chimside'e) bk w b Werribee Shadow, by Baahfnl Joe— Rnby, and won the puree. The 'Waterloo Plate, for 16 dogs beaten in the first ties of the Cup. Winner, £71 15s.; second, £28 10s. ; third and fourth, £9 10b eash ; four dogs, £4 15s. each. Mr. W . Bailey's be w d p Ballarat Judge, by Digby Grand — Hiss Armstrong, a bye ; Mr. H. M'Quade ns w bd d Kingfisher, by Wheft— Royal Anne, drawn. Mr. W. R. Hall nsr w d Hollingworth, by Master Bonrigh— Hark Forward, a bye; Mr. R. Chirnside's bk w d Melfort, by Bed fellow— Aunt Martha, drawn lame. Mr. H. Gore's be w d p Gooroc, by Grenadier— Girofla, beat Hon. T. BromeR's bk w d West Thorn, by The Jew— Otira. Mr. W. P. Buchanan ns f w b Proserpine, by Charon— Elsa, beat Mr. J. Weir's bk w b Hauteur, by jKolue — Nettley Burn. Mr. G. Goodrich ns w bk b p Queen of Hearts, by Whistling Dick — Lady Timor, beat Mr. J. Cookson's f w d Nutlad IV., by Nutlad II.— Eurydice. Mr. J. M'Culloch ns r w b n Real Grit, by Chester — Mint, beat Mr. T. Taylor's f w d Pilot II., by Nutlad II.— Eurydice. Mr. W. Watson's bk w d p Bob Audley, by One of tbe Twelve — Lady Andlcv, beat Mr. W. Lamb ns bd w d p Lancastrian, by Lelex — Bracelet. Mr. W. Thomson as bk w b p Gas, by Chester —Mint, beat Mr. W. Paterson's be w b The Secret, by Claverhouec — Lady Audley, SECOND HOUND. Hollingworth a bye | Queen of Hearts beat Real Grit Proserpine beat Gooroc | Gas beat Bob Audley. TBinn llOUHD. Proserpine a bye, Hollingworth I Gas beat Queen of Hearts, drawn lame | BEC1DING COCB8B. Mr. W. Thomson ns (Hon. W. M'Culloch's) bk w b p Gas, by Chester— Mint, beat Mr. W. P. Buchanan ns (Messrs. Wagner j and Fanning's) f w b Proserpine, by Charon— Elsa, and won the Plate. 