| Elsternwick Park Racs. ; Gloriously fine weather favoured the occasion . \ of tbo Victorian Trotting Club's April Meet- : ing, which took place at Elsternwick Park on ; Safcurdav last. _A snecial train conveyed a fair number of visitors. to within a short distance of the course, but the attendance was only a ; moderate one. . Only three horses started for i the opening' event, the Three-minute Class, i which fell to the favourite, Dick Goldsbrough, who scored an easy win from Dagworth. Mr. J. A. Roberts's imported mare Sylph appro priated the Two Forty-five Class cotn- j fortably, owing to V on Moltke break- ; ing very badly. The imported stallions | Honesty and Contractor were on the ground, I and during the interval between the heats were sent round the track at a merry pace, their style of going evoking a hearty round of applause from the spectators. Sixteen horses came to the post for the Flying Stakes, King Charles being most in demand at 4 to 1. Gifdarz, however, notwithstanding his heavy ; burden, was well supported, and he fully justified the confidence reposed in bim by , making every post a winning post, and running ' in a comfortable winner by half a length from I King Charles, who came very fastafc the finish, j The afternoon's sport terminated with the | Hurdle Race, which was won easily by Merry : Maid, The following are the particulars : — j Three-Minute Class. — Purse of 30 sovs. For colonial-bred horses, bar Talk. Second horse to receive 5 sovs. of tbe purse. . Iwo- , mile heats — best two in three. Mr G Milsom's ch g Dick Goldsbrough, aged . .. Owner 12 1; Mr M Griffin's b g Dagworth, aeod .. Owuer 2 12 Mr G Milsom's blk m Nell?, 5 yrs. . H Milsom dis Betting : 5 to 2 on Dick Goldsbrough. First Heat. — Some- delay occurred at the start, owing to the rider ot Nelly neglecting to keep his position, and when the word was finally given, Dagworth, on the inside, ob tained a slight advantage, which he maintained to the turn, where he left his feet, and Dick Goldsbrough assumed command, with Nelly, outpaced, last. The favourite retained his j position for the remainder of the journey, and i won easily by half-a-dozeu lengths, Nellie i being distanced. Time, 5min. 54sec. Second Heat. — Dick Goldsbrough led from j the start until well within ths distauce, where ; he took fright at the shouts of some of the j bystanders and swerved right across the | course, thus enabling Dagworth to score an ; easy win. Time, 5min. 5l£sec. j Third Heat.— The favourite led from end to j end, and won without an effort by several i lengths. Time, 5min. 49jsec. j 2.45 Class. — Purse of SOsovs. Mile heats, best j three in five. Second horse to receive 10 I sovs. out of the purse. __ j Mr J A Roberta's o m Sylph, (5 yrs Mulholltud 1121! Mr C Colb&th;'s b h Von Moltke, jun, aged f F 1£ Colbath 2 2 1 2 ; Mr J J Miller's b m Fright, 5 yrs . . Griffin 3 3 3 8 j Mr F Robin's bg Captain Darbarn, aged Owner dis Mr G Milsom's crTg Dick Goldsbrough, aged i .. Owner 0 ' Betting : 2 to 1 agst Sylph, 5 to 2 agst | Captain Darborn, 3 to 1 each agst Fright and ; Von Moltke. j First Heat.— The starter's patience was pro- ; voked beyond endurance, owing to the in- j difference displayed by the driver of Captain I Darborn, who showed no inclination to get away on anything like even terms, j and a general exclamation ot approval was j given when the starter gave the ".word to go, while Mr. Robbing's horse was several lengths in the rear. Svloh. who always had a nice | position, was the first away, followed by j Fright and Von Moltke, then came Dick Goldsbrough and Captain Darborn. In this j order they ran to the quarter- pole, where both the leaders left their feet, and Von Moltke | took command, and carried on the running until nearing the half-mile, where he broke ; badly and let up Sylph, who went at a very | even gait for the remainder of the distance, | and won easily from Von Moltke, Captain 5 Darborn being distanced. Time 2min. 4S£sec. i Second Heat.— Only three started, Sylph again going away with the lead, the others breaking badly. The favourite kept her posi tion for the entire distance and won easily. Time, 2m in. 47i«ec. Third Heat. — A capital start was effected. : At the quarter pole Von Moltke and Sylph i were together, the pair racing side by side 1 until well in "the home stretch, where Von Moltke drew out and won by a couple of lengths. Time, 2min. 43fsec. Final Heat. —Von Moltke broke frequently, and Sylph won easily. Time, 2min. 48|sec. Flying Stakes, of 50 sovs. A handicap for two years old ana upwards. Five furlongs. Mr R k Maitland'e br k Gudarz, by Yattendon — Luna, 4 yrs, 10it .. .. Burton 1 Mr J Simmon's b c King Charles (late Sir Charles), 8 yrs, Sst .. .. .. .. Riley 2 Mr M Griffin's blk h Wostbury. 6 yrs, Ssty 8.0 .. .. .. Robinson 8 Mr T Jones's ch h The Ghost, 5 yrs, 9st 61b ..Kilby 0 Mr S Miller's b m Glycerine, 4 yrs, 8st 2ib Alander 0 Mr 3 Connolly's br c Toorak, 3 yrs, 7st 125b .. .. .. WnaUey 0 air S Johnson ns b m Queen Marv, 4 yrs, 7at 101b" .. Opie 0 Mr H Connolly ns br h Timon, 6 yrs, 7st Gib Gardiner 0 Mr W Langley'a br m Mary, 4 jtb, 7st 4lb \- .. .. .. Walker 0 Mr T Coffey's b h Bordcrman, 3 yrs, 7«t 41b Smith 0 Mr S G Cook's b m The Kymph, 2 yrs, 7st 21b Johnston 0 Mr J G Read's bl g Crosar, 4 yrs, 7st Stratford 0 Mr J Simpson's bl c Sinking Fund, 3 yr-, 7sfc Farrell 0 Mr H Hoysted's b f Castaway, 3 yrs, 7st Larkins 0 Mr J Lack's b c Kambrook, 2 yre, 6jt 10M> - \-- .. .. .. Naeeou 0 Mr A Dowling's b c Plato, 2 vrs. Cat 71b Sione 0 Betting : 4 to 1 agst King Charles, 5 to 1 agst Gudarz, 6 to 1 agst Borderman, 8 to 1 each agst Westbury and Timon. Gudarz jumped away with the lead, followed by King Charles, Westbury, and Mary, the others following in straggling order. Turning into the straight Gudarz was still in front, and a good race ensued up the straight, Burton eventually lauding the top weight a clever winner by half a length from King Charles, Westbury was third, The Nymph fourth, and Toorak, who cantered in riderless, last. Time, lmin. 4sec. Handicap Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs. One mile and five furlongs. Mr M JaeokB'a.ch m Merry Maid, by Pilgrim, 5 yrs, 9st 121b .. .. .. JIuhi l Mr F Lang's g g Cavalier, aged, 9 t Bib ., Kiiby a Mr 8 Ga-ey'e b g Deceiver, 5 yrs, lOst I2ib Oas» y 8 Mr H RoyBtfcd's b g Trump, 5 yrs, lOst iOlh .. Kilduff 0 Betting : 7 to 4 agst Merry Maid, 2 to 1 against Trump, 5 to 2 agst Cavalier, 4 to 1 agst Deceiver. The start taok_ place at the back of the course, Merry Maid at once going to the front, and showing the way over the first hurdle, attended by Trump and Deceiver." Cavalier being some lengths behind; behe'- n:u-hiiig the next obstacle, however, the grey assumed com mand, and led into the straight and passed the stand,, followed by Merry Maid and Tramp. At the hurdle at the turn Trump came down, but was quickly remounted and started in Sursuit of the leaders. Along the bade lavalier began to hold out signals of distress, 1 Jsaving the tea4 to Merry Maid, who kept in j front for the remainder of the distanpe, and won | comfortably by two lengths. Time, 3mm. j Msec. 