Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," " Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; WHEN Davie heard what his tutor proposed for him he was filled with the restlessness of anticipated delight. Often, while helping Donal to get up his stock of fuel, he had gazed at the roof with longing eyes ; but Donal had never let him go upon it, reserving the pleasure for the time when he could have thorough confi dence in him. It was to him the prospect of a grand adventure. The hour came, and with the very stroke of the clock Lady Arctura was at the schoolroom door. A moment and lessons were over, and the three set out to climb the spiral stair, as Davie now always called the spiral of the north tower. But what a change had passed upon Lady Arctura! She was cheerful, merry—with Davie almost jolly. I speak of this afternoon. Her day had many alternating glooms; but it was seldom so clouded as of late. If even in the solitude of her chamber, where most the simple soul is conscious of life as a blessedness, she was yet mostly haunted by clouds of gloom and fear, vet other forms also had there begun to haunt her; sweetest rays of hope would ever and anon break through the clouds, and mock the dark ness from the room. She was beginning to be able to think that perhaps God might mean as thoroughly well by her as even her imagination could wish. Does some dull reader remark that hers was a diseased condition of mind?— I answer, all the more did she need to be de livered from it, and that with the only real deliverance from any and all misery. But her indubital misery, however diseased, was infi nitely more reasonable than the fancied health of those who never trouble themselves. Some sicknesses are better than any but the very best health. She tripped lightly along with Davie, Donal following. Davie told her he had no idea what a jolly girl she was. " I did not know you were like this!" he said. " A body would think you hod been at school with Mr. Grant Oh, you don't know how much happier it is to have somebody you must mind." Donal heard this last remark, and spoke. " If having me, Davie, doesn't help you to do just us well and be as happy without as with me it will be all in vain." "Mr. Grant! How can Ibe so happy without you as with you ? It is not reasonable to expect it—is it now?" "Perhaps I should not have said liappy," answered Donal, who never refused to be put right. " What I mean is, as able to go on and order your ways aright. What I want most of all to teach you," he added, "is to leave the door on the latch for some one —you know whom I mean—to come in." • The sole right of publication in Queensland of BrUhM* Ntwipipv Oompur. limited. This he said more for the sake of the less declared pupil. " Race me up the stair, Arkie," said Davic, when they came to the foot of the spiral. " Very well," assented his cousin. " Which side will you have—the broad or the narrow ?" "The broad." " Well then—one, two, three, and away we go!" Davie mounted like a clever coat, his hand and arm thrown about the newel, and slipping easily round it. Arctura's ascent was easier but slower, and she found her garments in the way. She gave it up and waited for Donal, who was ascending leisurely. Davie, thinking he heard her footsteps behind him, tlew up shrinking with the sweot terror of the imagined pursuit of love. " What a sweet lx>y ho is!" said Arctura, when Donal overtook her. " Yes," answered Donal; " one cannot help fancying such a child might run straight into the kingdom of heaven. Yet I suppose he must have his temptations and trials before he will be tit for it. It is out of the storm alone that the true peace comes." " Then I may hope that what I have got to go through will not be lost, bat will serve some good in me ?" There had never been any allusion to her trouble between them, but Donal took it to be understood, and answered: 4' Doubtless. Every pain and every fear, yes, every doubt, is a cry after God. What mother refuses to go to her child because he is only crying, not calling her by name?" '• Oh, if I could but think that! It would be so delightful—l mean, to be able to think1 that about God! For don't you think if it be all right with God—l mean if God be such a God that we can love him with all our heart and all all our strength of loving, then all is well? Is it not so, Mr. Grant?" " Indeed it is I" " And you are not far from the kingdom of heaven," he was on the £oint of saying, but did not, because she was in it already—only unable yet to verify the things around her, like the man who had but half-way received his sight. When they reached the top he took them past his door, and higher up the stair to another, opening on to the roof, upon which they at once stepped out. Donal told Davie to keep close to Lady Arctura and follow him. He led them first to his stores of fuel—his am munition, he said, for fighting the winter. Then he showed them where he was when first he heard the music the night before, and threw down his bucket to follow it, and how when he came back he had to feel for it in the dark. Then he began to lead them, as nearly as he could, the way he had then gone, but with some detours for their sakes desirable. One steep sloping roof they had to cross, but it had a little stair of its own up the middle of it, and down the other side. They came at hut, how ever, to a part over which, seeing it in the day light, he was not quite sure about taking them. Stopping to bethink himself, they all turned and looked behind. The sun was approaching the sea, and shone so bright over the flat wet country that they could not tell where the sea began and the land ended. But, as they looked, a great cloud came over the sun, and the sea turned cold and gray like death—a true March sea—and the land lay low and desolate between. The spring was gone, and the winter was there. A gust of wind, full of keen dashing hail, drove sharp in their faces. " Ah, that settles the question !" said Donal. " We must not go any farther just at present. The music bird must wait. We will call upon her another day. It is funny, isn't it, Davie, to go a bird's nesting after music on the roof of the house?" " Hark!" said Arctura, " I think I heard it! The music bird wants us to find her nest! I really don't think we ought to go back for a little blast of wind and a few pellets of hail. What do you think, Davie ?" " Ob, for me; I don't think I would turn for ever so big a storm," said Davie; " but you know, Arkie, it's not you or me, Arkie, it's Mr. Grant that's the captain of this expedition, and we must do as he bids us." " Oh, surely, Davie ! I never meant to dis pute that Only Mr. Grant is not a tyrant, and will let a lady say what she thinks." " Oh, yes, he likes me to say what I think; he says we can't get at each other otherwise. And, do you know, he obeys me sometimes!" Arctura glanced a keen question at the boy. "It is quite true," said Davie. "Last winter, for days together—not all day, you know; I had to obey him most of the time — but at certain times I was as sure of Mr. Grant doing as I told him as he is now of me doing as he tells me." "What were those times?" asked Arctura, thinking to hear of some odd pedagogic device. " It was when I was teaching him to skate," answered Davie, with a kind of triumph. "He said I knew better than he did there, and therefore he would obey me. And you wouldn't believe how he did it— out and out /" concluded Davie, in a voice of something almost like awe. "Oh, ye«, I would believe it—perfectly well!" said Arctura. Here Donal suddenly threw an arm round each of them, for he stood between them, and pulled them down sitting. The same instant a fierce blast burst upon the roof. Donal had seen the squall whitening the sea, and, looking nearer home, saw the tops of the trees all streaming towards the castle. It fell upon them with fury; but, seated, they were in no danger, for they were almost under the lee of a parapet. " Hark!" said Arctura again, " there it is!" And they all heard the wailing of the ghost music. But while the blast continued they dared not prosecute their hunt after it. Still they heard it. It kept on in fits and gusts of sound till the squall ceased, as suddenly almost as it had risen. Then the sky was again clear, and the sun shone out as a March sun can between the blundering blasts and the swan shot of the flying hail. " When the storm is upon us," said Donal, as they rose from their crouching position, " it seems as if there never could be any sunshine more; but our helplessness docs not keep back the sun when his hour to shine is come." " I understand," said Arctura; "when one is miserable, misery seems the law of being. There is some thought which it seems nothing can ever set right; but all at once it is gone broken up and gone—like that hail cloud. Without any argument, all at once it will look its own foolishness, and vanish." " Do you know why things so often come right?" said Dona 1, "I would say alioays corns right, only that is , matter* faith, not sight." Arctura did not SabJrtter At once, Then she •lid; " I think I know what you are thinking; but I do not want to answer." •'Why do things come right so often, Davie, do you think ?" repeated Donal. " Is it," returned Davie, "because they were made right to begin with ?" " There is much in that, Davie; but there is a better reason than that. It is because things are all alive, and the life at the heart of them, that which keeps them going, is the great beautiful God. So the sun for ever returns after the clouds. A doubting man, like him who wrote the book of Ecclesiaates, puts the evil last, and says the clouds return after the rain; but the Christian knows that One has mastery Who mako9 the joy the last in every song. Those are the words of faith." " You speak always like one who has suffered!" «aid Arctura, with a kind look up at him. " Who has not, that lives at all?" " That is how you are able to help others!" "Am I able to help others? lam very glad to hear it. My ambition would be to help other people, if I had any ambitions. But if I am so able it must be because I have been helped myself, not because I have suffered." ''But what do you mean by saying if you had any ambition ?" " Where your work is laid out for you, there is no room for ambition. You have got your work to do. But givo me your hand, my lady; put your other hand on my shoulder. You stop there, Davie, and don't move till I come to you. Now, my lady, a little jump! That's it! Now you arc safe! You were not afraid, were you?" " Not in the least—with you to help me. But did you come here in the dark ?' " Yes; but there is sometimes an advantage in the dark; you do not see how dangerous the way is. We sometimes take the darkness about us for the source of all our difficulties, but that may be a great mistake. Christian would hardly have dared go through the Valley of the Shadow of Death had he not had the shield of the dark ness about him." "Can the darkness be a shield ? Is not the dark the evil thing ?" " Yes, the dark of distrust and unwillingness, not the dark of mere human ignorance. Where we do not see we are protected. And what can our self-protection do for us by day any more than by night? The things that are really dangerous to us are those that affect the life of the image of the living God; we are so ignorant about that as yet, though it is our deepest nature, that there thelFather mustevery moment take care of His child. If He were not, for instance, constantly pardoning our sins, what would become of us ? We should soon be over whelmed with our wrongdoings, not to say our mistakes and blunders. But in Him we live and move and have our being, which surely means that we are pretty close to Him. Ah, yes, we must learn to trust Him about our faults as well as about everything else." Donal had stopped in the earnestness of his talk, but now turning to go on, " There is my mark !" he said, " that chimney-stack! I was clone by it when I heard the music very near me indeed; but then all at once it grew so dark with clouds deepening over the moon that I could do nothing more. We shall do better now in the daylight, and three of us together !" " What a huge block of chimneys !" said Arc tura. "Is it not ?" returned Donal. "It indicates the greatness of the building below us. of which we can see so little. It is like the volcanoes of the world, telling us how much fire is necessary to keep tho old earth warm." " I thought it was the sun that kept the earth warm," said Davie. " So it is, but not the sun alone. The earth is like the human heart. The great glowing fire is God in the heart of the earth, and the great sun is God in the sky, keeping it warm on the other side. Your gladness and pleasure, your trouble when you do wrong, your love for all about you, that is God inside you; and all the beautiful things and lovable people, all the lessons you get, and whatever comes to you, is God outside of you. Every life is between two great fires of love of God, that is, so long as we do not give ourselves up right heartily to him, we fear the fire will burn us. And so it does when we go against its flames and not with thorn, refusing to burn with the same glorious fire with which God is always burning. When we try to put it out, or get away from it, then indeed it burns." " I think I know," said Davie. But Arctura held her peace. " But now," said Donal, "I must go round and have a peep at tho other side of the chim neys." He disappeared, and Arctura and Davie stood waiting his return. [TO BE CONTINUED.] Alexandra, says a London correspondent, speaking of the Princess of Wales, seems much more attractive than any other woman. It is not that she is handsomer, for there are more beautiful women than she in the ranks of the English aristocracy; there are many who are far younger, of course, since she is the mother of five children, one a boy of nineteen. But the Princess of Wales is the very incomparable incarnation of fine lady ism. Her manners are perfect Her drew is always right. Yesterday, in Hyde Park, for instance, the day was very warm, one of the few hot days an English summer brings. Women of rank were wearing dresses of grena dine trimmed with lace, light silks with many flounces, and all sorts of gay paraphernalia, such as one sees on the racecourses near Paris. But how was the Princess of Wales dressed? Simply in a washing-print cotton of pale blue, with a pale pink rose at her throat, and a simple straw bonnet trimmed to correspond. How irresistibly pretty she looked! Her three daughters were also dressed in frocks made up of a material designed for purification by the aid of soap and water. ''Radiantly clean,'. Buskin's prime essential of beauty, was indeed the leading characteristic of this group of royal ladies. The eldest of the three "little prin cesses, " as they are commonly called, is get ting to be a big girl now, and her bearing in peculiarly like her mother's. The same slight ness of figure, upright carriage, and sweetness, mingled with hauteur, is hers ; but, strange to say—their father and mother being such a handsome couple—the little Wales girls are really plain in feature, nor do their counte nances indicate any high degree of intellec tuality. Miss Stone, the daughter of Stone Pasha, who was formerly an American General, ana recently in the service of the Khedive, is said to be the best Arabic scholar of her sex, and one of the most accomplished linguists in th« world. 