SELECTED POETRY. THB ANGEL OF THE DOVES. Br J. BBVHTOX STEPHENS, Brisbane, Queensland. THE angels stood in the court of tbe King, And into the midst, through the open door, Weeping came one whose broken wing Piteously trailed on the goldeu floor. Angel was she, and woman, and dove; Dove and angel all womanly blent With the virginal charm that ia worshipped of love On the hither side of the firmament. Where a rainbow hideth the holiest plaoc, Thither she moved, and there she kneeled ; And Cain with her wings would hare reilcd her face, Ere the bow should be lifted, and God revealed. Tis the angels' wont; and afresh she wept' As with maim6d pinion she strove in vain; And tremor on tremor convulsively swept O'er her plumes in a shuddering iris uf pain. And tbe angels who dwell from sorrow remote Gazed on her woe as a marvellous thing; For they wist but of pain from its echoes that float In the strange new songs that the ransomed sing. " Sister," at length said a shining one. '' To whom earth V doves for a care were given, What hast thou done, or left undone, That grief through thee should be known in heaven 1 " When together for joy the angels sang, Calling the new-made world to rejoice. Sweeter than all hosannas that rang Was the trembling rapture that thrilled thy voice. *' For thine was the grace to minister there— Oh, favoured child of the heavenly host J— To the sacred and lovely lives that wear The mystic shape of the Holy Ghost. "And we marked thy flight as tbe flight of a dove, Till the Inminous vapours around thee curled, And we said,' She is glad in her errand of love, To the happy glades of the new-born •world.' " And now thou return est woe-Btricken as one That hath fallen from grace and is unforgiven. What hut thou done, or left undone, That grief through ihee should be known in heaven!" Faint was her voice as an echo heard From the past by tbe soul in dreamful mood; Sweet and sad as the plaint of a bird Mourning forlorn in solitude. " I tended my doves," she said though her tears, " By day and by night, in storm and calm. Happily flaw the uncounted years In bowers of myrtle and groves of palm " Many, alas, were the beautiful drad, But the life of the race wa« always new. For, ever ere one generation fled, Out of its love another grew. "And many a dove for man's sake died, Noted in heaven with no offence, Save w hen the heart of •he cruel took pride In slaying the witness of innocence. " When countless seasons had COILC and gone, Come and gone as a happy dream. One noon of summer I lingered upon The eastward marge of a sacred strenm. " And lo, 'mid a crowd on the further side That stood in the stream or knelt on the sod, I tow—though a veil of flesh did hide The splendour of Godhead—the Hon of God. " And ev'n as I gazed, the azure above Burst into glory that dimmed the sun ; And the Spirit of God in the form of a dove I saw descend on the Holy One. " I deemed that my task was over then ; ' 'Tis the dawn,' I said, 4 of the reign of love; Henceforth my doves will be safe with men, Since God hath hallowed the form of the dove.' " Then I soared aloft, but again returned ; For I said in my heart, 1 1 will not cease From my care till man from His lips hath learned That the birds have a share in the Gospel of I'eace' " And it chanced on day in the soft sprinatide, When birds were joyous and love was sweet, I saw the Lord on a mountain side, And with Him were twelve, who sat at His feet. "And I heard nim say, ' Not sparrow doth fall To the ground but your Fatter takeih note.' Then all the air grew musical, And song awoke in each warbling throat. " For into bird-music the message passed, And from choir to choir in melody ran ; And I said,« My mission is over at last Farwell, my doves. You are eafe with man.' " Weeping, yet gladsome, I soared aloft. Being fain of the glories of other spheres, Whose beckoning lustre had lured me oft In etany midnights of bygone years. «' And on seas of cthar and isles of light Through age* of joy I floated or trod, Till I chanced on an angel in upward flight, Bearing an infant home to God. " And a waft of earth from the flowers that lay On the yeung dead breast came sweet and faint; And again, di earn- echoed from faraway, I heard in the woodlands the turtle's plaint. "For memory woke at the flowers 1 sweet breath, And my spirit yearned to the earth again, And I cried,' Canst thou tell, oh angel of death. How fare my doves at tbe hands of men?' "' Sad is their lot,' the angel sighed ; ' For tie pleasure of man they suffer pain; And the heart of the cruel taketh pride To slay thy doves and to number the Blain. 1 " I knew no more till the vapours of earth Clung to my wings, and a pealing sound Smote on mine ear, and voices of mirth ; And beneath me a dove fell dead to the ground. " Leave me with God; for ve cannot know How death takes shape in human hand, Nor the subtle devices that work for woe; But the Lord will hear and will understand. " And if, as I clove my unseen way Between my doves and the deadly rain, It was given unto me to become as they, To share their wounds and to know their pain— " Swely the rather will God give ear To one who knoweth what He hath known; Surely the rather will Jesus hear, Who suffered, as I, for love of His own. 4 1 Om it be that the great Lord doth not know How Christ is needed on earth again I Bise, lingering curtain I that I may show ; The wounds of my doves, and may pray r for men." 81 o . w, J t 1 he l I ? in * Mr PMtingin twain ; And, lo 1 in the midst of the throne of love There stood » Lamb as it had been «I*la • And over the throne there brooded'* dove. 