THOSE SMITHS. When Mr. Josiah Smith bought Toliesham Towers, the event was considered a calamity throughout tbe neighborhood. The world know, that North Cleyshire is tbe centre of conservatism. There everyone who is anyone counts crusaders and early barons among his ancestors. The Le^venhiinis-c&infcin.; with the conqueror. The Godwins, of Seaford, are Saxon. Within & radios oE ten miles round Toliesham is such a representative collection of birth and blood ad distinguishes, not to Bay hallows, that spot beyond all other, even in this closest of close counties. It was grief to this commodity when the last owner of the Towers died, practically heirlesa — desecration that tbe place ehonld be thrown on the market. Bat conceive the horror that be*t through all those fcigb -bred bosoms when it was known that tbe purchaser had been ' in trade.' The terrible announcement was followed by a rush of visits, all having for their object tbe discussion of the terrible announcement. There was a rumotir afloat that ' tile new man' was a wholesale botcher. One knew on good authority he had made hti be had something to do with aoap. Mystery hung over this point, but all agreed that Mr. Smith's advent there was a misfor tune ; all by closing their circle against him, made clear the heniousness of bio stepping 'betwixt the wind and their nobility.' Severe though the sentence was, it affected Mr. Smith but little- At first, indeed, be appeared to be unconscious of being tabooed; He paid a heavy sum for his place, now be only wanted to enjoy himself thereon after his own fashion, perfectly happy altering and renovating (for the Towers were going to nun under the old regime), enjoying hi*nmJf hugely over farming some of bis own land, at heart of which he knew less than his own footmen. Bat wfa3e contentedly going bis own way, Mr. Smith w» saving nra a crop trfsnebaat ablenesB around him aa he little dreamed of.. ?' We mnBt have the place straight by Christ mas,' said be, on Bret going into residence ; **nerer mind what it costs!' And this boastful vulgarity vent forth on the four winds, rousing the wrath of the old Lady Levenham, who was left in the larch by local tradesfolk eager to the custom of the wealthy* newcomer. 'leappose we must wait npon ourselves now I' the ir*te dowager was beard to say. 'This sort of thing begun , where willitBtop?' Evidently Mr. Smith, in h^r ladyship's eyes, was tbe thin end of a wedge which might have for its conclusion the upset ting of hereditary dignity and the extinction of her own privileged class. In blissful ignorance of his offence, however, Mr. Smith continued to spend his money as he chose. He started such an establishment that extra offices were needed for the servants. The gardens glittered with new glass erec tions. His chief gardener was a getlemaa who could read off botanical names in the Latin tongue without tripping a single quantity. Half a dozen carriages came down from Long Acre of all degrees of lnmry, and animals ta match soon filled the stables. And Mr. Smith was liberal ; not to be called narrow minded either, for having, during Beveral Sundays* dull sermons, taken in theneeds of the rickety old church, 'Kow, hadn't we best re bnird the whole thing ? ' said he to the rector. 'A couple of thousand^ do it. TU give half. I did the same thing for a chapel Stock pooL I never grudge my money for a place of worship.' Imagine the reception accorded to his offers ; first by the straightest of Anglican 'priests, next by the.*' restoration committee5* of gentler folks, who held dissent in livelier abhorrence than heathenism, and yet were none of them rich enough to reject the par venu's aid and do the work themselves. Similar consternation was caused by Mr. Smith's equally generous offer in a different direction. The bunt of North Cleyshire was in a bad way when he came to Tellesham. Tenants' disasters palled on LuidlordVpockets. Sporting subscription lists (about the last to suffer) showed a diminished total. The master threatened resignation, and no substi tude could be found. ?* But we musn't let the thing drop ! ' said free-banded Mr. Smitb to one of bis own farm ers. ' 111 see them through a season or two. We must let Captain Uppingham know some how that I'm good for a few hundreds.' But rather than stoop to this indignity the leaders of the hunt would forswear foies forever t They 'confounded hia impudence' through every variety of expletive, raked op a purse among themselves, and when Mr. Smith, splendidly mounted, appeared at the Jannaiy meet, gave him the cold shoulder, and rallied with one accord round Uppingbam'e antiquated chariot, as if in protest against the plebeians' presence among them. Having sense, if not tact, even this failed to disturb Mr. Smitb but having Bentiraent as well as sense* be owned a vulnerable point— his daughter ! A widower since Mabel's birth, IS years before, all the softer emotions of his life, the pride that grew with ber life, had centered in this child. By great good luck Mrs. Annesley, the girl's governess, now chaperone, was a woman of culture and refinement. Under her care Mabel grew into a charmingly intelligent maidenhood. Excessively pretty in the eyes of all but the bitterly prejudiced, Bhe bad many graces, and was properly the crowning joy of Mr, Smith'B existence ; but, being his child, she was unmercifully snubbed* and held at arm's length by the patrician dames of Cleyshire, as if she had been a pestilence, Mr. Smith soon found this out, and resented for hia darling at what be laagbed at for him ?? Not a very lively part of the world this — eh, Mab ? ' anid he, one spring day, flinging down a paper containing lists of people pre Bent at lialle to which they bad received no in vitations. *' Gay enough for me, pipa,' answered Mabel, dimly divining the source of discontent. '* \ oq know I never care to drac yon about to dances, where yon must be dull.' ' You haven't had the chance of putting me to tbe penance here,' grumbled her father ; ' but.' brightening op, ' I've an idea. We've not done our duty to our neighbors. We've had no houaewvming. When the days are longer well entertain all round — have & band from town, tennis in the afternoon, and a l horv ' in the evening . That'll fetch our friends op — eh, Mrs. Aiwesley. Do you like the plan,. MahV * No— in secret, she did not. Instinctively Mrs. Annesley foresaw disaster to tbe scheme. But Mr. Smith, in high glee, ran over a cata logue of people to be invited, and amused himself for b, month devising preparations for a festivity his daughter dreaded but could not arert Of coarse u-heo the thing came on it was an abject failure. Shoals of refusals arrived each morning. Every lady for miU9 around was suffering from iodigpositioiL. The men ' presented their complimenta, but would be from home on May 21.' Some took no notice of 4* E. S. V. P..' bnt tossed their carda, answering them neither by word nor presence. The day was delicious aa the soul of spring,. The band discoursed eweet music. Games of all kinds courted players ; refreshment, lav ishly provided, were freely partaken of— by the servants. Bat the campaoy ! A few coun try lawyers, doctors, parsons, and their re spective families a few quireeoB, a few towns people from Karbridge, and that was about alL Not one of the ** cream*1 of Cleyshire, except yonng Mr. UppinEhamof Beltoft, who, attracted in truth bp Mabel'* lovely face, accepted the invitation ; tbe rest of his family declined, rode over in the teeth of his mother's Gerce opposition, and for his psins was re caved by hia host with a sarcastic politeness that made him heartily glad to get away again. So tbe entertainment waa s fiasco. Mr. Smith's wrath rose at the insult offered to his daughter. But for shame at confesainff him self locked out, he would have sold out and Wt the place forever. Swallowing bis saotti* -fication as best he could, be carried Mabel off 'to Norway for six weeks, and let his indigna tion cool before returning. Bat after tbiB nothing fora while went well. Mabel might revel in country life, content with all surroundings ; so was Dot her father, while his child's feminine acquaintance wan limited to the parson's wife, who positively patronised her (on £300 a year, mostly from tithe), and the old women of the parish, whose respect and reverence Mr. Smith would gfodly have bartered for an boar's friendliness &6m Lady Leavenham or even Mrs. Upping ham. Bat these ladies showed no signs of un bending. Geoffrey Uppin^hatn certainly called at the 'Towers when the Smiths returned, but, bring ing neither card nor apologies from, his mother his visit was not only nut pleasant, lint added fnel to Mr. Smith's affront, and tinged Miss Mabel's manner with a pained reserve that sent the young mr*n away very uncomfortable indeed. 'Hang it!' thought he. 'I can't Bee what one wants to be eo deocedly particular for ! There's nothing bad about the old man, and his daughter is ? ' Well, what she might be occupied Mr. Geoffrey amazingly just then. Cat off from the legitimate road to her acquaintance, he had to seek her company through by ways of his own contriving. Never had be been so constant in bis devotions at ToUesham charch, tboagh that was not the proper parish for the Beltoft people, and their pew. next the {Smiths,1 was only granted them by courtesy. The country lanes, though not too picturesque thereabouts, became deeply interesting to this yonng man, especially those adjoining the Towers. S£rs. Annesley, driving with Mabel id the afternoons, grew quite accustomed to the studiedly polite greeting of their good looking neighbor, and if the accidental meet ing miscarried she seemed to miss it. So did Mabel ! It was strange how often the gentleman was on tile route of the young lady's morning can ter (taken when hia father was busy with his bailiff), now continually appearing to open a gate, to give warning of traction engines, to direct the best way home, to make himself so osefal that the groom's office became a sine cure ; and not only so uscfol, but so agreeable. Even Mr. Smith, seeing him occasionally, commended him, saying ' he wasn't such a fool as the rest of them. ' And when, through secret exertions on Geoffrey's part, an invita tion arrived for an approaching county ball, the fond parent fancied his child was finding her level at last, and in return prepared to snake himself amiable even to his enemies. Bat, alas ! Mr. Smith reckoned without his host. Tall, well made, gray haired, and of good presence, he was by do means the least presentable man in the room, and his daughter might have been a young dache&s;, as, with «hr. eirlish disuitv. dressed unexceptiooablv in purest white, she made her first pablic appearance at Narbridge. There was no can did judgment bat pronounced her the even ing's belle. Other women's wills might deny the fact, bat not their eyes. The men held their tongues to their partners, but in the «ard rooms and lobby freely circulated their praise of the new beauty, conpled with many a lamentation that she should be so — ' ef — well— shoppy, you know.' Bat that stigma hardened the Cleyahire clique into adamant. In three long hours twice only was Mabel's hand sought for a dance, though no lighter or truer step than hers beat time upon the floor. Twice was valiant Mr. Geoffrey Uppingham her partner, once in. a. long, delicious waitz, and once in a quadrille for which, to his nn apeakable annoyance, he had considerable difficulty in finding a via-a-vie. Mr. Smith from a lounge close by took in tbe whole situation from Mrs. Uppincbaoi's blade lookB as she sat fanning1 herself furioualv till the figures finished, to her rapid descent upon her eon with the imperative desire for their car riage to be ordered immediately. She was tired of that ball ! Alao waa it clear to Ma bel's father why, as broughams rolled off with freights of ladies, the men of these august families should come harrying back seeking the pleasure of a dance with the till now neg lected star. Before his daughter understood tbe rapid her programme. Before the first partner could claim her Mr. Smith announced that he was going, and no entreaties of tardy admirers could induce him to stop. That ball seemed tbe climax of society's spleen with tbe Smiths. Soon sundry gentle men showed signs of softening and being civiL Mr. Smith utterly declined to have anything to do with them. 'They'ed ridden the high horse when they chose. Now it was his turn. Hewasu'tgoing to be whistled to their (something not (polite) heels like a dog!' The committee of gentlemen got into a muddle over their church. The Reverend Algernon Copeland intimated at the Towers that former offer would now be gladly accepted But 'Ch— n— r— ch?' said Mr. Smith, pretend ing to have forgotten all about it ' Oh, I remember \ Ah ! I said something once ; bnt yon didn't seem to want it, so I sent my mite to Stocknool . You are welcome to fiftv pounds though, if that's any use. ' And with that email sum the mortified man departed, Mr. Smith girmly chuckling over tbe discomfiture of thegrandeeswho felt the want, if they wouldn't recognize the weight of his money bags. But it was an awkward state of affairs. Under it the rich man. soared out of all like ness to his old genial self, meditated all man ner of retort, lost his spirite, was sometime* early even to Mabel, and found no interest at Tollesham expect in flinging away money over his bad farming. Mabel drooped sadly. The rosy light seemed dying out of her youth. She was growing miserable in her fine new home «nd could have hated Tollesham had it not been tbe first spot where was born to her an experince most wonderful and sweety though, alas ! most short. Could its short ness hare been connected with Mr. Geoffrey tTppingham's absence ? Anyhow by some family legerdemain he was gone noon after that ball, whisked off to London, where it was announced a relative high places was going to do some thing for him. ' Pack of stock-op paupers !' growled Mr. Smith, by way of comment on his departure. 'Can't even afford to give their sons a deceit start in the world ! I daresay the youngf el low's got nothing in him, and will go to the dogs now he's left bis mother's leading strings.' An nnkind speech, which brought a hot bush to Mabel's cheeks, and for the first time in her life, a spark of anger toward her father. It was early in tbe next year when some town friends, rich like themselves — so rich that they trod upon the skirts of the true 'upper ten'— because urgent for a visit from Miss Smith and to Kensington she went for once in her life glad to leave home. Absent a month, she begged for oue for week more, and Mr. Smith, deeply engrossed in an exciting pew place of business let her stay readily. What that business was Mabel found oat when hastiiysainmondhoine bytelegramoae Febaary morning. ' You are not ill, papa?' was her frightened greeting, the moment she alighted at Narbridge station. '111. my pet ! Never better in my life. Why, child you're shaking. I Btarted yon by sending for you in. &\- hurry. You won't mind though when you hear tbe reason.' Then, as they drove home, Mr. Smith dis closed hie secret. Of coarse Mabel, had heard of the dissolution. For the nest fortnight all the country would be given over to elections. Narbridge was looked upon as safe. An Uppinghkm or an Aden had represented the place for fifty years. The conservatives always expected to walk over tbe coarse. Bat would they, though, this time ; A deputation of liberals — clever, far-seeing men — had waited on him, Mr. Smith, and petitioned him, in tbe interest of his native Ltod, to oppose this haughty cabaL He had felt it hu doty to yield to their entreaties and — *' What will you say to have yonr father an M. P.— eh. Slab ? I fancy my little girl will hold her own amorog the best of them then ' Bat,' Papa,' faltered Mabel, ' if —if yon don't get in !' 'Fadge, fudge, fudge! FildJestieks. my dear ! I'm sure to get in ! Tbe body of the people are growing intelligent. They'll be th&abial; to throw off the yoke of the other party. lVe got a] capital committee ; my address is oat to day. I don't care what it costs— I wOl get in !' Whatever Mabel thought, she dared not speak. The terrors of the fortnight that followed she will Dot forget to her dying dav. Every epark of malice in her£ father's com position tentered into the contest. She. her half-hearted self, was dragged, an unwilling witness, to the pablic meetings ; was terrified nearly oat of her senses by the uproar of the nomination day ; all bnt fainted when brought nnipectedly face to face with the opposition canvassing party (Mr. Geoffrey among them, fetched down in a hurry to assist at this crisis); and fairly fell into hysterics when the final rnmbers went up at the close of the poll: Uppiogham (conservative) ? 1000 Smith (liberal) ? ... 302 The defeat was crushing ; but, whatever tbe beaten candidate felt, he was not going toehow a craven front for his conquerer to crow over ! With the smiling confidence of approaching victory he had driven, into Narbridge that morning. W^ith a bland seeminc of discregard at tbe day's doing? he would drive oat that afternoon ; and with poor shivering Mabel swallowing her nervous sobs at his side, he did so. Their departing was tbe signal for a burst of ironical cheers from the ' blue' element in Hie mob. The horses in the tall phseton figeted at the sounds. Yells of derision werejharled after them by the roughs and the seutitive bays quivered and curveted under a less firm rein than their master usully held. The crashing of church bells and the vile braying of an itinerant brass band finished the mischief. Off went the spirited animal, dashed round by St. Mary's charch tore along the main road from the town, upset a fish stall, smashed a baker's cart, and were only brought to a stan still by the pole 1-reakingand one of tbe run away coming swiftly to]bia kners. Among the terrified throng that came rushing after them, Goffery Uppiagbsm was foraxont. ' Thank God. you're safe, my darling ?' the groom vowed he heard him say as he disentangled Miss Smith, unhurt though insensible, and borne her to Captain Upping haxn's brougham, which speedly drove up. Bnt perhaps tbe groom was only i oven ting. Mr. Smith had not escaped [so easly. Flung dean over a lurel hedge into a garden, he lay unconscious, one broken arm doubled n p under his head. Carefully raised by his late adversaries, he was placed beside his daughter and with a tribe of doctors in attendance, iras he had power to speak he desired that bis daughter should be Bent to him— he must talk to her alone at once ! Mabel, trembling and loving, leaning over him, ?' Child,' he said *' we don't know bow this mar end. If I have to 20— don't cry ! — I should die happier If left yon promised to a worthy— husband.' (Stable started back as white as a ghost). ' Your cousin Robert, op at Stockpool, wants yon for bis wife. Will 'No, father!' she murmured, catching his hand ; ** don't ask me to.' 'Why not?' 'Because,' dropping on her kness, and weeping wildy — ' because I'm married now ! Oh father, will you forg ive me?' 'To whom?' said he, after a pause of actual seconds, seeming hours. ' Geof — fe — ry Up— Uppingham, father. We were m— married in London, half an hour before yon sent for me home-*' The Bufferer lay very still under Uub fresh low. Mabel turned calm with very bight Bnt presently he said, in a very matter-of-fact way — « Kiss me, and don't fret, child. Send the be endured !' Mrs. Uppingham ttvre could not harden her heart against the poor girl, when she was in such distress about her father. Captain of female beauty, especially when coupled with j a quarter of a million of money. It was discovered that Mr. Smith's connection with [ trade only extended to tea — and tea was apre- 1 eminently respectable commodity. Further, it was found oat that the Mrs. Smith was quite Cleyshire baronet. That fact was a great help — tbe Uppinghams made much of it. They pardoned their son with a good grace, and all society obsequiously followed snit. Tbe young folks waited only to see Mr. Smith on tbe lii-h road to the health (and henceforward he abjured politics and improved in farming), and then went off for the honey moon to Italy.— Whil'hall ifrnVw. 