OUR PARIS LETTER , PARIS, September 22, The Tonquin muddle ia as good aa a play, China will not have France for a neighbour, that'a flat. ; nor will she allow her to pocket Annam. The negotiationa having arrived at the pacychologioal moment, the foreign Minister bolts, to purge hia liver or fortify hia etomach. The Prime Minister lrimeelf, Julea Ferry, and the only able man the Eepublie can boaat of, takes up tho cudgela j hut the Chinese Ambassador, though wearing huge BpectncleB, perceives no modus ticendi. l'lia com mander of the expeditionary forces, General Boliot, whom the Government believed to be on the trail of the Black Flaggera— suddenly turns up at Hongkong, no one knowa why — and Bince lie cannot bo found, a substantial reward ought to be offered to whoever can discover tais where abouts. The Government has to depend for its telegrams on the London and New York press; yet there was a lime when France was rich enough to pay for her glory. The Havas News Agency, though boasting of a capital of eight million francs, does not supply its subscribers with direct telegrams ; it hashes up those wired by others. In the mean time, public opinion commences to smell a rat. All the money voted for the I'onquin expedition haB been spent, and the War Minister is so ob stinately right, tbat ha will not send further reiu- forccraents till the Parliament bo convoked, money voted, nnd daylight let in on tho secret motives for seizing Tonquin, and tho riddle ex plained why .0 much resistance is opposed to the apparently plutonic demnnds of China, For yenrs the French have demanded the right of reunion, and now when they virtu illy possess it, no person of sufficient courage can be founder the whole country to call a public meeting, and denounce or approve the bran new foreign policy of the Ministry, There is not even the ghost of an extra parliamentary utterance. The Radical deputies, judging tho moment has arrived for nail ing the ears of the Cabinet to tho pump, and pre venting the Republic from driftiog into its Mexican war, have issued au address demanding the imme diate convocation of Parliament. Even were the deputies convoked that will not much clear up the mysteries of Tonquin. Com petency in coloninl nnd diplomatic matters is the last of their accomplishments, hut as the Legisla ture forma pnrt of the constitution, it has the right to be. formally consulted. Tho nation com mences to ask, What- business hnvewent t'onquin ? What is to be gained by expending millions of treasure "and thousands of lives, to benevolently open up freBli markets for Germany and England, eince France will not be allowed to have sepurato nnd selfish clauses for trading ? The Krouhmir adventure tana brought no luck either to France or the Republic. Anil the press ; is to blame for its want of manliness to tell the 5 people the truth. It labours to keep up the delu- J sion that the French ure the salt of the earth, aud would try to conceal that there are nations who give themselves no concern at nil nbout France. The French acutely feel they no longer till the public eyo of tho universe. This eometbiog between neglect and indifference chafes them, nnd finds vent invituperation and stage thunder; measured, towards Germany ; mixed, in tho case of Italy, but pure from the spring, as addressed to England, the only useful friend left France ou tho Continent. 1 do believe that the French, wero they told un palatable tiuths, as do the journalsof other nations, they would in time prefer that couiageous bluat- neES to the nauseous productions served upfor their vanity. But thia would exact what French journalists lack, solid education. There is never any backbone in their nrticleB ; repartee does duty for facts ; a sneer replaces a judicious reflection ; and pride excludes historic truths. It is tho case, " Where blind and naked Ignorance, Dellvci a tirnwllng judgmonta, unabashed, On all things all auy long." ; The autumn manoeuvres of the French army have not ohtuined unequivocal approval from tho representatives of the foreign powers. Perhaps too much has been expected, but tho best way to measure the progress of the reorganisation is to compare its present efficiency with what it was. TbtB organisation would have marehed moro rapidly had the War Office not ehangod so often its chiefs, or possessed an occupant who, to marked enpacity united an iron will. Then the generals rather obstructed than aided the reforms, and until a good number of them be weeded out, and replaced by young blood with modern ideas, the progress of the French army must remain handi capped. The King of Spain, on his voyage to Germany, passed through France liko a Gook'a excursionist ; ho will return in a iveek, and, putting his incog nito in his carpet hag, will blossom into a real king. lie will receive a royal reception ; tho ob ject of the fueBand feathers is not clear ; it cannot be intended to rejuvenate tbat old Rozinantc, the Latin alliance, as lost to sight as King Dago, b-it's famous pantaloons. Tno last blowout France had was in honour of the Shah of Persia, I&tes; that never paid. It will bo a treat to allow republicans to get a glance at an annointed king at any rate. The Comte'de Ohambord made him self known only by his Chesterfield Letters, and, as for the Comte de Paris, he has barnd himself like a Trappist at Ku. It is from Yvetat, and not from Louis XIV., tbat t e rising genera tions of Frenchmen form their notions abont monarchy ; Jenny decking the head of tho former with.n cotton nightcap instead of a Crown, cxciteB more historical interest thiin the Grand Chamber lain handing Louis his bag-wig to cover his wen. ATictor Hugo's mosaic son-in-law, Deputy Lookvoy, did important service to the world at large by obtaining the demolition of all the old houses sur rounding the Biblotheqne Nationale. He is now following up his good work. Itia understood that a copy of every book printed in Franca shall bo deposited in the Nntionnl Library. It is tho ptinier, not the publisher, who is legally bound to make the deposit. Mark the resnit : frequently a work is printed by different establishments in the provinces and in the capital. Eaoh printer deposits hiB portions of the sheets. Tho cover is generally struck off at a different office, nnd the illustrations likewise. If the latter be executed out of France, no depot is exigible. Thus a book arrives in patches at the National Librnry from various printers, and becomes useless if not hound by the. authorities. Henceforth, the publisher will be called upon to dqposit the volume in the state offered for Eale, and the printers will continue as heretofore to send to the Homo Office a copy of everything they print, under a penalty of fine and imprisonment if omitted. Madame Bernhardt states she married became it was tho only thing in life she had left untried : ladies before now have got married to enjoy the stnsation of being a widow. She has long since been "amicably separated" from her husband, who complains he got all the worso, and none of the bettor, in his marriage ; but Bhe holds out the prospect to engage him at her theatre if he continues good. Sarah is writing a play, founded on her " Memoirs " about being pub lished and will act the heroine. In the meantime she is appearing in " Frou-frou," at tho Porte St. Martin Theatre, that excellent comedy of Parisian manners, written 11 years ago by Messrs Moilhac and Haidvy, She is not so successful fin delineating the thoughtless, childish, doll-wife of Sartoys, as poor Mdlle. Leesclio ; she conceives "Frou-frou" from tho tragic point of view. Tho death scene is very effective, and so is that of thequrrrel between the eieters. 1 think Croizet! o would cause oven morp pocket-handkerchiefs to be' wetted. Nilsson, to keep up her voice, drinks a preparation of extract of meat when sallying from tho green-room : Grisi relied on porter ; Madame Bernhardt, beforo commencing the dying scene, indulges in ham sandwiches, surrounded with several cats mewing and purring for crumbs. The Opera-Comiquo has opened with Meyer beer's " Pardon de Ploermel," a work certain to be revised once a year, Meyerbeer desired not only the passions nnd senlimonta of his personages, bnt wished to introduce natural phenomena as well as rain, storm, sunshine : to these ho added shepherds, huntsmen, reapers, &c.; But one thing he lacked — comedy. This has boea compensated by other beauties. Mile. Merguillicr was Dinorah, and in point of singing and vocal gracefulness, she wob a success. Being stout, nnd promising to rival in this respect Alboni, her playing with tho goat and executing tho shadow dance was un gainly. The Nouvesu'us Theatre has inaugurate! its season with " Le Jour et la Nuit," Lececq'B three- act romic opoin, and worthy the composer of "Mndame Augot" and "La petite Marieo." Tho public relished the revivnl of this charming and delicate music, as if a fresh production, warmly applauding the numerous choice morsels. It is but echoing the general verdict to record that the Government autumn show of pictures, not unknown to fame, is not a success. Thrco years is not a sufficient interval lo allow artiBts to prepare novelties. Painters do not change their stylo as rapidly as milliners. M. Jules Ferry, since ho bnB Chion also in hand, deserves not tho leRS a peacock's feather for the sumptuous decoration of the Pniiieo ot Industry. M. Thuillier was the most distinguished of Pasteur's assistants, nnd was one of tho de legates sent oat by the French Government to study the cholera in Egypt, and per haps to saddle tho English with having im ported the plague from Bombay. On the eve of concluding his labours young Thuillior, aged only 27, fell a victim to the innlndy. France, liko other nations, contributes largely her victims to science, and all meriting a prominent place on the bead-roll of fame. Dr Bechamp, an able authority, continues to batter at Pnst'eur'a theory, Hint all iufeotuous diseases are due to the germs of the mnlndv floating in the air, and, lodging in our body there develop if we aro not in good health. Becbnmp maintains, these spores or mi crobes, are inherent to our economy ; that no one ever yet obtained an atmospheric microbe to inoculate a rabbit, a dog, or a guinea pig. He adds, we know nothing at ell about cholera, and considers quarantines iib the best hot- houeefl for the development of plagues — if the latter originate in the air. The Jardin d'Acelimatation has added to its many scientific attractions a panorama of the ante diluvian world. There the plesioaauris, mega therium, and other monsters can be soon enjoying their ense, or spoi ting or fighting. The vegetation of tho epoch is in harmony. Other natural his tory panoramas will follow. Thia is more humane than bringing live specimens of Zulus, Abye- siuians, Esquimo?, Terra-del-Fuegiaus, nnd Kal mucks to contract consumption, in return for a franc a day. Dumas is attributed the honour of having dis covered the Mediterranean. In one of Iiib romances he alludes to tbo English mnkiug overtures to a local magnate, whose territory could prove a " Gibialter, in provision of tlio inevitable cutting of the Isthmus of Panama." Thus, there is nothing new under the sun. I met a few days ago, in rare French work, some cuiious details on Mnrio Stuart and her Dauphin- husband, later Franqois II, They were about tho same age, wero married at 15, and lie died at tho ago of 17 from an abscess behind the ear, and that the doctors feared to trepan. Franqois had the infirmity to not be able lo secrete by tho nose, so tbat such matter lodged in his head. Indeed, it was rumoured he was poisoned in the style of Ham let's father. At best ho was a weakly youth — a chubby- looking hoy, with no vigour of oharactor. When ho expired every ouo deserted him; none closed his eyes. Only two persons accompanied tile body to St. Denis, where the blind Bishop of Sevlis read the burial service. A slip of paper was attached to the coffin, satirizing the simplicity of the fune ral. An explanation was given that tho economy vi as practiEOd in tho interest of the young widow. But what n contrast with his nuptials, celebrated at Notre Dnme, April (not December) 15-18. Marie was led to tho altar liy her uncle the Due do Lor raine, and her " bridal dress was so white that it was impossible to describe " ;' the train was held up by two young Indies; from her neck hung a l ing of great value with necklace of costly gems. On her head wbb a crown of gold ornamented with dia monds, rnbies, sapphires and emeralds ; in the centre was a carbunele valued at half a million crowns. After tho bride came the king, nnd closo nt hand a Dueheese de Berry. The king took off his finger a ring and handed it to the archbishop, who em ployed it in the ceremony. A " scientific and elegant oration" followed. On leaving the cathe dral, money was thrown to the crowd like hail kissing comfits from heaven, so that many conrt ladies lost their head dresBesnnd had their mantles torn. By tho order of his Majesty, the bride and bridegroom piomenaded before the church lo BatiEfy the crowd. . After the Btatc dinner a dance succeeded, where the King had Mary for partner, and tho Dauphin hiB mother, Catherine de Medicis. The courtiers were dressed in cloths of gold. At iivo in tho afternoon, the bride and the Queen were carried in a conch through tho streeis, followed by a brilliant cavalcade. On returning to tho palace the ball commenced, where ballads, mumeries, round games, nnd dancing succeeded. Twelve wooacn horses, richly capriBoned, defiled along the hall, mounted by tho Duo d'Orloans, Due d'Au- male, Ac, Then succeeded the little princes in Queen Mah carriages, containing pilgrims for passengorP. Ilymns and canticles wero sang in honour of love and matrimony. The ball wound up by the entrance of Bix ships, with silver cloth sails. They undulated as if ou tho sea. Each ship had only one sailor, who took a lady on hoard on pasEiog — thus, the KiDg took his Queen, the Dauphin his bride, and so on. 