'FaRiW-l-;TeA?(VIHETINQ TO 'MRS HAM PSON. -.: ; -w . v,; , . Mqiuluy Evening. that an address would J.a( Hampadfi tliis ovehin was (if itoeKpjEuent to fiU tlm hall,, and by a cjuarter to.ifivo tho entrance from Swannton street wua x® "blocked tipl'na to render making one's way in anjAticr of 'homo difiicuity, ArrangcmmiU jhftd.peou.inado.fqrtho various 'tables to bo ?ey-Rta,QuartoriMt fivo and a quarter to six, and on both,: occasions tho hall was well ified d Grace waa/aung at the commenccmont, 'nri the'tiurnorous volcco had a very vloaaing (l€Ct,,hAbout hflf-pasfc sovou, the tablos bea removed, a large numbor of per onn:were admitted, and tho proceedings began by thoRev« H. B. Macartney giving out tho 72nd hymn in tho Moody aud Sankoy collec- ipn. I omitted to state that whilst tho hull Ijw being cleared tho choir, . conducted by Mr goorgo, sang— Could I Spesk tho Matchless Crth, Oomo Every Joyful Heart, Under Wings, etc. Tho favorite grand old hymn Him Lord of All was also rendered, _2(irgo audionco joining in with fmo effect. " -i arat nrarer was offerud un hv tb« Ha». .t. jji of Albert Park, asking that a great g might rest upon Mrs Hampson and MAk. He was sucooodod by the Rov H, uinoy, who said that the hall hiul nntrrn for many varied pnrposos, Dnuwiho mooting this oveuing bad gathereil f ft garland of praiso to ciut at the RRAD set, for that we were unworthy to und His head. God hod Iont us one ne«A„ Wren, and if ho, the spoakor, had a MARSTON would not fear to give it to Mrs ..-.for ho knew her first act would be I »Djbj Vioastit ot His feet." Mr Macartney fr ho would move one brief and Third The tuon» which ho would then ask Irora. "Notc-r Langloy, of Prahran, to read, COUTla few words on tho same subject. — — ; — mtloinan then camo forward and TVT n A m various circamstancea ho had taking part in tho mission, but For ye had his heartiest sympathy, and Franklin sti prcsont this evening nono «_ — , it greater success than T ADEES 10 111,881011 had done much J A hero ho had hoard Mrs Hampson's MAm evidences he had seen in his work ho know that souls had boon had been great power iu the ' what" thoispeaker asked, 44 hud SCON 0>wer ? We call you to witness old, old story of tho Gospel — it tho power of a concentrated Mrs Hampson had dono we t wo have also loarut tho lesson jrr.-A irinr tho instruments near to His 1 onfcratesUhem." Tho power of , Mr Langloy continued, !iad 40 churches were learning some- DRAthat there wore livangelist?, as mon. It was innnirtant that h that women could work. In 1 resolution he said that ono part NO RT future. Could wo do anything psou? There was ono thing, to Ja n n united prayor that His bloss- AUU -Dgnirit would rest upon lier work FFr.nJ that she might return, but we .elfish; no Christians should bo so, colonies were needing her Tobacco, Oa we did, Wo could send Agoots(Ois|n High and they would return ''TjIessinga ou her work. Many in Ire then praying for her, we, too, \- v that she would bo more and mora Ti L ined with tho Holy Ghost sent down _eaven. Tho resolution was then road, Fruit the thankfulness of the meet- Btock,!',®01?1. having sent Mrs Hampson, pledging itself to pray for her during her Fnce, and fervently trusting she might re- —»n, Mr Langley concluded oy saying that nest. was imi>erativo for Mrs Hampson. but .that if it were God's will she would be retrongthened to do His work fwithout h iving f it, and that wo should all 44 pray mightily for Sydney,, and for her, that sue might be en abled to carry on the work and do the Mas ter's service. The resolution was aocondod by tho Rov John Thomson, of Liverpool who had worked there with Mrs Hampson for « longtime, After'a few preliminary remarks; this gentleman mentioned that, after Mrs Hamp son's son, ho wns perhaps the most intimate with her of . anyone this side of the line, and ho 44 could speak as the voice of < mighty Liverpool, where lie had worked for tho last fourteen years," wben he said.thatithe people who labored the hardest in the worst parts of that great city 44 then and now . held Mrs Hampson in dearest love and esteem -for the Master's -sake," and he could testify that her life and work wero great sti mulants to himself. When- in Liverpool he .had often'known-fcfas many as three and four hundred, women, gathered from the most de graded .dibtrict, - borng brought to the mission fi'chouls and there'. left with Mrs Hauipson, '"that-she- might pour, out upon thorn her treasures of womanly love and Christian sym pathy." -Mr-Thomson, added that he hoped she would return to Melbourne, and that such mcotings might be arranged for her, iu> he be lta'vodjgteat good would bo dono by them — ".tho flamce of religion would bo spread by her." .He had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. .The Rev H. B. Macartney then roso arid said: "The reaolutionjmust bo carried bycarrying . it out— that the meeting had pledged itself to pray for Mrs Hampson; :pray then." A 6olomn silence ensued, t .-'ond tlio bent heads of most of .the -great audience told how their hearts;wcre engaged. After a few moments a prayer was offered by the last speaker, who also gave notice that tho opening Evangelistic services hold by the Rev. A J. Clarko and .Mr-Harrwoi), at the Lennox street Congrega- w w zxHii. rvicnmonu, ana tno demonstration the Blue. Ribbon Army at the Fitzroy Town . had both been altered till to-morrow Bigm,..in oraor tiiau wigfit .attend tho tea noctiDR. A message", >f "i0 -irkdfrteSrU," a.bson<:0 f"8 owin6 to his h;lvi"H AC,:0Sen tfcs "amo n'-!ht for 1»1 toture at the Atheaieumvhicli he greatly re- 'hen presented Mn\ ar address given to him by k&ut; a th" / . W,M simed nv" 08 women's names, but and there »imu there would probacy have bean cufne hundreds more. ;Thq address was, owing to'the'hurry in wliicU it had been got up, in a yory rough form, but a more appropriate copy, "would be handed her in a few days. -Ho prayed God might send her back to Melbourne. If ' ' anythingmoro would induce h6itodo so,it.wmld bo-tho address ho then handed hh. " Sho had ; the heart of a woman and a mother, which wauld be the best reached by .her own sex." ' He hoped she would : make bar headquarters' inMelUonrno, A pros'sing-mcssago ot invita tion had just been received for her from Ho- bart<: : The Sydney mission would begin' in abnnt three weeks' time. Mrs Hampson, ;»who was very warmly ro,- ceived/ theh/roEC, and said she 44 thanked them from ljer heart for tho kind exertions shown that mght ; tho acknowledgment that. I Have been of service to yon is annctcf hrmlflge to God. _ J thank you moat of all for 1 your, kind1 promise- to pray for me." Mrs ' HaVnpson them spoke of the Bvangelistic Society, -which a collection was abm:t to be taken' up, -and said that such societies were ' 'amongst' thd:,most -.blessed agencies at homo. God Itopk- an evangelist, nnd let him run here 1 and there pone -evangelist could not def all the : work»7 her own woakness of late years had Shown - her : that the : Lord would send men woindn boo, -" but Victoria must fipd a home ; for ; tbein The first collection 'of 'this, society was- now.- - to ' be made, " nnd.- she % trusted it would be a goad cr.o. If it . wei0.God's will, she would gladly return to re main here, more esjMicialiy if tho Rev. J. _ Thomson could bo induced to stay also, it " would be another power to dyaw. her and to ' helfi to save the poor drunken men and women. After another hymn and prayer, Mrs Hirmpson govo her address) trkingas her text . uic woros, - xnexjoru uuu is u sua ana enieia, thft'Lotd will give grace "and glory 5 no good ' 1 thing will', the. ivithold from those that walk uprightly."-: !<Pha one theme from first to last in the -Bible was the Lord Jusua— that wa3- ' thpir'mesBagd.JAs the '.sun was -the centre of all fertility and withput it thero would bo ' ' n'ntlnng but death, so we must -remember that without .Christ' aU was darkness in tho soul. Y'o might begin at ." Let there . bo light," and we should find that an poople wont further from' God, & became darker and darker, but ' that the glimiherof light increased and became - ever 4 brighter that pointed to , " Christ, tho light of lifo'Uod'aaked mrtfepnt off daric nefs an put. on 'tho .armor of light—every chilaV'cnuld put .its tiny, foot iiitoth master; stops." Mrs.. Hampson 1 then gave a grand description' of - the Eternal Homo, " tho . homethat is thine arid mine," with another of a WfiArt'-'dcanfie'd 'from -sin. ."If'you lot tho Bun into . your .parlor,, whoro Is the darknqe? Bo, dear.vi :ec dp,-, 'f never try and. bring.,' the.- Bavi»>uf iiA Sin together. - -Are we< trying to briBf?8tlie "w«)rid 'ond iChrist' together? . Just whht JiKiUH is in, Heajeh Ho. ia Irvyour' Koul cnd,mme,: Ho woll rc1iaqe::tly darkness away. Brother and sister, th'odarknosiB of doubt must f:ow)ion Jckuh comes iu, If yon aro in 'the ight,' romumlvjr you ore oxj>oK"pd to darto and temptations, the world watches voir toirq>ors, looks, and actions when you am in tho Hght of Jesus. Bister, if your teiniwr be no bettor, tlio light m you ropcts, uot attraoLs ; tho light is darkness; how groat is that darkness ? .Lot ns « ' eovd; God covovs ns with Ilia shield, it will sand back tho darts of nin a,,d evil. The description of tho armour of a ! Christian was very tine." Gtwl was tho 1 1 j I desns protection, Faith tho arm that held the shield, Christ fought the battle, know our woakness and camo to our side, sayiug, "Fear not !" It was a grai\d piece of Christian elocution. The closing portion of the address to the "unsaved" was very pathetic. "Are thorc any ;>oor doubting ones here ? Brethren, will you accept Christ ? Why should you bo without His graco V Accept the Saviour, Ho only asks you to give lliin yoursolf and your sins, that you may bo llL rightoousnQBs in Him. Ho l.as stood in your place to lift yon, sinners of Melbourne, to ITeaven— "rill you coiuo 1 Do it now and God tho Father, Son and Holy Spirit will rejoice and fill you with joy and ponce through Jesus Christ 1 God save tho unsaved ones 7" An aftor mooting was hold ( for inquirers. The audience was a largo ono, a great number of young men forming part of it. E.A.C. 