A3T ARTISTS GHOSq STOllY. tub Grange experience ot* tiwjuab heamy, TIIE LONDON ACADEMICIAN. A. NUMnKR of years ago there appeared in All t he Tear Jlninul, then conducted by Chjarlos Dickens, ft papor entitled 'Four Stories.' i Ono of tliom purported to bo tlio supornotnral Wporionco of 'ono MV. H., an artist.' Shortly ri/fer its ap pearance Dickons recoived a note from Thomas , Hfoaphy, K.A., in which he good-humoredly ifcjted 1 thnfc he was the 'Mr.-If.,' nnd that tho oxp« rionco w as hi*, hut that he did not understand how it hud got into print. Ho also forwarded a co; ? rected version. In his roply Dickons wroto : Gad's Hir.nPi.Acn, HianAai-nv-noomiSTUn, Kbnt, Sunday, Soptomber 15, 1861. Dkau Sin .* Allow mo to oxpross to you the nincerc rogret I feel that your moat remarkable story (which I havo read with groat interest) should lmve boon innocently forestalled in tho pngea.of ray journal. At tho snme time I must add that your own version of the oxporiencn is ro very ourious, and so much more atriking than the account sent to mo, thnt I shall bo happy to pub lish it i \\\ All the Year Jtouwl, if you should feel disposed to ontrnst it to mo for that purposo. I recoircd tlio story published in that jonrnnl first among tho ' Four Ghost Stories ' from a gontle man of a distinguished position, both litorary and social, who, I do not doubt, is woll known to you by reputation. lie did not send it to mo as his own, out as tho work of % young writer in whom ho feels an interest, and who previously contri buted (all throngh him) anothor ghost story. I will immediately lot him know what correspon dence 1 haro had with yon ; and you shall bo made acquainted witli tho naturoof his reply. Faithfully yours, Charles Dickens. P.S. — I observe in yonr navrativo that you men tioned tho young lady's eating tho 1-cef and drink ing tho claret. Do yon remombor whothor tho joint was placcd on tho table or oarved on tho sido-board ? — and whother you seemed to sea tlio figtiro florred as tho tlireo mortals wore,- or scorned to find it already carvcd -without noticing tho progress ? ? f ? : . Thero has just appeared in London a little pamphlet containing tho true ' version of this strailgo story, writton by Mr. Hcaphy himsolf. He died not long ago, and the pamphlet is issued by his wife. It is published by Griflith and Farran, and makes a brooliuro of oighty-sovon pages. The narrative is appendcd.—Kn. I am a paintor. Ono morning in Mny, 1858, I was seated in my studio at my usual occupation; [k paragraph or two is omitted, as only intro ducing a lady and gontloinan — Mr. aud Mrs. #irkbeck.] My new visitors were strangers to mo. They had seen a portrait I had painted, and wished for likoncssos of themsolves and thoir children. Tlio price I named did not deter them, and1 they /isked to look around tho studio to select tho stylo and size they should prefer. Tho inspection proving satisfactory, they asked whether I could paint tho pictures at their house, in tho country, and thoro boing no diflintilty on this point, -an engagement was made for tho following autumn, subject to my writing, to fix tho timo when I might ba able to leavo town for the purposo. This being adjusted, tiie gentleman gave me bis card and thoy left. Shortly afterward, on looking at the card loft by the wingers, I was somewhat disappointed to though it contained tho names of Mr. and Mp?. Kirkbeck, there was no address. I tried to find it by looldng at the 'Court Guido,' but it contained n* such namo ; so I put the aard iu i my writing- desk, and forgot for a time tho ontire | transaction. Autumn camo, and with it a sorios of ongage- ; nionts I hnd mado in tho North of England. To- j ward tho end of Soptomber, 1858, 1 was ono of a I dinnor-party at a country houso at tho confmcs of ' Yoskshire and Lincolnshire. Tlio party was a nnmorous one,' and as the meal approached its termination, and was abont to subside into tho ; dessert, the conversation becamo general. I j should here mention that my hearing is defoctivo, at somo timos moro so than at others, and on this I particular evening I was extra deaf — so much so I that tho conversation only reached mo in tho form I of a continued din. At one instant, howovor, I I heard a word distinctly pronounced, though it was uttered by a person at a donsidorablo distance from me, and that word was ' Kirkbock.' In tho businoss of tho London season I had forgotten all about tho visitors of the spring who had left their card without tho address. Tho word reaching me undor such circumstances arrested my attention, and immediately recalled tho transaction to my romom brauco. On tho first opportunity that oflerod I asked a person whom 1 was conversing with if a family of the name in question was residont in tho neighborhood. I was told, in roply, that a Mr. Kirkbeck lived at A ? , at the farther end of tlio county. Tho noxt morning I wrote to this per son, saying that I believed he called at my studio in the spring, and had made an arrangement with mo, which I was prevented from fulfilling by thero boing no address on liis card ; furthermore, that I should shortly be in his neighborhood, on my re turn from the north, but should I be mistaken iu addressiug him, I begged ho would not troublo himsolf to reply to my note. 1 gavo as my address, The Post-office, York. On applying thero, threo days afterwards, I recoived a note from Mr. Kirk beck, stating that ho was vory glnd lio had heard from mo, and that if I would call on my return ho would arrango about tho pictures ; ho also told mo to write a day boforo I proposed coming, that ho might not otherwise ongage himsolf. It was ulti mately arranged that I should go to his houso tho succeeding Saturday, and stay till Monday morning ; transact afterward what matters I had to attend to in London, and return in a fortnight to oxccute tho commissions. - Tho day having arrived. for my visit, directly after breakfast I took my place in tho morning train from 'York to London.. Tho train ^vould stop at Doncaster, and aftor that at Botford Junction, whero I should liavo to got out in order to tako tho lino through Lincolu to A— — . Tho day was cold, wet, foggy, and OTOry way as disagreeablo as I havo ever known a day to bo ill an English Octobor. Tho car-' riago in which I was soatcd had no other occu pant than myself, but at Doncastov a lady got in. My placo was back to tho cngino aud noxt to tho door. As that is considered tho ladios' scat, I offered it to hor; sho, howovor, very graciously de clined it and took tho corner opposite, saying, in a vory agrecablo voico, that sho liked to feel tho breeze on her clicok. The next fow minutes wero occupied in locatiug herself. Thero was tlio cloak to bo spread under her, tho nkirts of tho dress to I be arranged, tho gloves to bo tightened, and such j othor trilling arrangoments of plumago as ladies ; aro wont to mako boforo settling themselves com fortably at church or elsewhere, tho last and most important, boing tho placing back over hor hat tho I veil that concealed her foaturos. I could thon soo ! that tho lady was youug, certainly not moro than two or threo and twonty ; but boing moderately tall, rather robust iu make, and dccidod in ex pression, sho might havo been two or three years younger. I suppose that her complexion would bo termed a medium ono ; hor hair being of a bright brown or auburn, whilo hor oyes. and rathor deci dedly marked oyobrows woro noarly black. Tho color of hor cheeks was that palo transparent huo that sots off to such advantago largo, oxpressivo oyes an equablo, firm expression of mouth. On tho whole, tho onsomblo was rathor handsomo than, beautiful, her expression having that agreeable dopth'and harmony about it that rendorod nor faco and features, though not strictly regular, infinitely moro altractivo than if thoy had beon modelled up on tho strictost rules of symmetry. It is no small advantago, on a wot day and a dull, long journoy, to havo an agrecablo com panion; ono who can cOnvorso and whoso con versation has sufficient suhstanco in .it to mako ono forgot tho length and tho dreariness of tho journoy. In this rospoct I had no deficiency to complain of, tho lady being decidedly and agree ably conversational. When sho had sottlcd herself to her satisfaction, sho askod to bo allowed to look at my 13radsliaw, and not being a proficient in' that ditficult work, sho requostcd my aid in, ascor taining at what timo tho train passed through Hot ford on its way back from London to York. Tho conversation turned afterwards on general topics, and, somewhat to my surprise, sho led it into such particular subjects us I might bo supposod to bo moro especially familiar with ; indeed, I could not avoid romarking that her ontiro mannor, whilo it was anything but forward, was that of ono who hnd cithor known mo personally or by report. Thero was iu hor manner a kind of coufidontial ro lianco whon sho listoned to mo that is not usually accorded to a stranger, and sometimes sho actually seemed to refer to differont circumstances with which I had been connected in times past. Aftor about three-quarters of an hour's conversation, tho train arrived at Retford, whero I was to change carriages. On my alighting and wishing hor good morning, sho mado a slight movement of tho hand, as if slio meant mo to shako it, and ou my doing ' so she said, bv way of adiou ; ' I doro say wo shall meet again; ' to which I replied: 'I hopo wo shall all moot again,' and so parted, sho going on tho Huo toward London aud I through Lincoln shire to A ? . Tlio remainder of tho journoy was cold, wot, and droary. I missed tho agreeable conversation, and tried to supply its placo with a book 1 had brought with mo from York, and tho 'Times nowsnapor, which 1 had procured at Ret ford. But tho most disagreeablo journoy comos to mi mil at last, and hnlf'pnst lire in the nvrniog found :ne at tlio termination of mino. A carriage was waiting for mo at tho Htation, whoro Mr. Kirkbeok was also oxpectod by tho samo train, but as ho did not npponr it was concluded ho would como by tho next— -half an hour Jntor; accordingly thocarriago drovo away with myself only. Tho family being from homo at tho momont, and tho dinnor hour boing sovon, I went at onco to my room to unpack and to dress. Having com pleted those operations, 1 descended to the draw ing- room. It probably 'wanted some time to tho dimier hour, as tho lamps wero not lighted, but in ?thoir placo a largo blazing firo throw a flood of light into overy corner of the room, and moro ospocially over a lady who, dressed in deop black, was standing by tlio chimney-placo warming a very handsomo foot on tho edgo of tho fender. Hor faco boing turned away from the door by which I had ontorecf, I did not at first soo her features. On my advancing into tho middle of tho room, howover, tho foot was immediately withdrawn, and sho turned round to accost mo, when, to my pro found astonishment, I percoived thnt it was nono other than my companion in tho railway carriage. Sho betrayod no surpriso at seeing mo. On tlio contrary, with ono of thoso agreeable, joyous ex pressions that makes tho plainest woman appear ?beautiful, sho accosted mo with: 'I saiu wo should meot again.' My bewilderment at that moment almost de prived mo of utterance. I know of no railway or othor means by which sho could havo como. I had cortainly left hor in a London train, and had soon it start, nnd tho only conceivable way in which sho could havo como was by going to Peter borough, and then returning by a branch to A ? , a circuit of about ninoty miles. As soon as my surprise enabled mo to speak, I said that I Wished that . I had como by tho samo conveyance as horsolf. ? - , | 'That' would, havo been rathor difficult,' sho rojoined. ? ' 1 At this moment tlio servant camo with tho lamps, and informed mo that his master had just arrived, and would bo down in a few minutes. Tho lady took up n l-ook containing somo engravings, and having singled ono ont (a portrait of Lady A ? ), asked mo to look at it well, and tell her whether I thought it liko her. I was engaged trying to get up an opinion whon Mr. nnd Mrs. Kirkbock entered, and, shaking mo hoartfly by tho hand, apologized for not boing at homo to joceivo mo ; tho gontloman ended by ro quosting mo to tako Mrs. Kirkbock in to dinner. The lady of tho houso having taken my arm, wo marched on. I certainly hesitated a moment to allow Mr. Kirkbeck to pass on first with tho mysterious lady in black, but Mrs. Kirkbeck not scorning to understand it, wo passed on at once. Tho dinner party consisting of us four only, we fell into our respective places at the table without difilculty, tlio mistress and master of the house at tho top and bottom, tho lady in black and myself on each sido. Tho dinner passed much as is usual on such occasions. I having to play tho guost, directed my conversation principally, if not exclu sively, to my host and hostess, and I can not oall to mind that I or any ono elso once addressed tho lady opposite. Seeing this, and remembering soinothiug that looked like a slight want of atten tion to her on coming into tho dining-room, I at onco concluded that sho was tho governess. I obsorved, howover, that sho made an excellont dinner ; she seemed to appreciate both the beef and tho tart, as well as a glass of claret afterward ; probably sho had had no luncheon, or tho journey had given her an appetite. Tho dinner onded, tho ladies retired, and after tho usual port Mr. Kirkbeck. and I joined them in tho drawing-room. By this timo, howover, a muoli larger party had assembled. Brothors and sisters in-law had como in from thoir rosidences in tho neighborhood, and several children, with Miss Hardwick, their governess, were also introduced to me. I saw at onco that my supposition as to tho lady in black being the governoss was incorrect. After passing tho timo ncfcessarily occupied in complimenting tlitfchildron, and saying something to tho differont persons to whom I was introduced, I found myself again in conversation with tho lady of tho railway carriago, and as tho topic of tho ovening had referred principally to portraitpaint ing, she contiuuod the subject : ' Do you think you could paint my portrait ? ' tlio lady inquired. 'Yes, I think I could, if I had the oppor | tunity.' - ' 1 | ' Now, look at'my faco woll : do you think yeu could recollect my features . - ,' Yes, I am' sure I should novor forgot 3'our fea tures.' ... , / | 'Of course, ?! might havo'oxiioetod. you to say - that; but do you think you could do mo from recollection?' ' ' Well, if it bo necessary, I will try ; but can't you «ive mo any sittings ?' No, quito impossible ; it could not bo. It is i said that tho print I showed to you boforo dinnor i is liko mo ; do you think so?' ! 'Not much,' I replied 'it has not your ex- J prossion. If you can givo mo only ouo.'sitting, it would bo. better than none.' ' 'No ; I don't seo how it could bo.'- ' i Tho evening being by this timo' pretty far ad-. 1 vanced, and tho chainbor candles being brought in, ! on the plea of being rathor tired, she shook mo ; heartily by tho hand nnd wished mo good-night, i My.mysterions acquaintance caused mo no small i pondering during tho night. I had never boeu in- ; troduced to hor ; I had not seen her speak to any 0110 during tho cntiro evening — not even to wish 1 thom gooa-night. Hqw sho got across tho country ' was an inexpiicablo mystery. Then, why did sho j wish mo to paint her from memory, and why could ; sho not givo mo oven ono sitting? Finding tho *i difficulties of tho solution of those questions rathor j increased upon mo, I mado up my mind to defer ' further consideration of thom till bre&kfast-tiino;, i whon I supposed tho inat&r; would receivd somo j elucidation.^ j Tho breakfast now camo, but with it no lady iu i black. Tho breakfast over, wo wont to church, j camo homo to lunchcon, and so on through tho day, but still no lady, neither any referenco to hor. I thon concluded that sho must bo somo, rclativo who had gone away early in tho morning' to visit another member of tho family living closo by. 1 was much puzzled, howovor, by no referenco, whatever boing mado to her, and finding nooppor-' tunity of loading any part of my conversation with tho family toward tho subjoct, I wont to bod tho Bccond night moro puzzled than ovor. -On the servant coming in iii the morning I vonturod to - ask him tho namo of tho lady who dined at tho i ^tablo on Saturday ovoning, -to , which ho an- j sworcd : j ' A lad)*, sir ? No lady — only Mrs. Kirkbock, i sir.' ' ?' i ' Yes, tho lady who sat opposite mo,' drossed in ' black?' ' ? '????' ' 1'orhaps Miss Hardwick, tho govornoss,' sir?' ' \- 'No, not Miss Hardwick; she camo down aftor- j ward.' , *1 r . ' ? ? No lady as I seo, sir.' v . ] 'OU^doar.me.yos l Tho lady dressed in black 1 who was in tho drawing-room wlion I arrived, bo- i foro ^I'. JCirkbeckcamo homo?' . . : Tho man looked at mo with .surprise, as if ho doubted my sanity, 'and only answorod : 'I novor* v soo any lady, sir, and then loft. , . . ' i Tho mystery now appoared moro inipenotrablo than over. I thought it oyer in ovory possiblo as- - poet, but could come to ho conclusion upon it. lU'aakfast was .early that morning, in ordor to allow of my catching tho morning train to Lon don. Tho saiuo causo also slightly hurried us, and allowed no timo for conversation boyond that having dirocfrcferenco to tlio business that brought mo thoro ; so, after arranging to return to paint tlio portraits on that day threo weeks, I mado my adious nnd took my doparturo for town. J It iH only nccossaryfor mo to refer to my second ( visit to tho houso in ordor to state that I was - assured most positively, both by Mr. and Mrs. i Kirkbeck, that no fourth person dined at tho tablo ou tho Saturday evening in question, as thoy had I dobated whether thoy should ask Miss Hardwick, c tho govornoss, to tako the vacant soat, but had. i dccidod not to do so ; nolther could thoy recall to c mind any such person as I described in tho wholo c circlo of their, acquaintances. 1 Some weeks passod. .It was closo upon ChriBt- n inas. Tho light of a short winter day was draw- ( ing to a closo, audi was soatcd at my tablo writing ^ letters for tho ovoning post. My back was towards J tho folding doors leading into tho room in which J1 my visitors usually waited. I had beon ongaged j somo minutes in writiug, whon, without hearing or j: seeing anything, I bocarno aware that a porson had }' como through tho folding-doors, and was then j3 standing beside me. I turned, find boheld tho 11 lady of tho railway carriago. I suppose that my ® mannor indicated that I was somewhat startled, * as tho lady, after tho usual salutation, said : ' 'Pardon mo for disturbing you. You did not ' hear mo com# in.' 0 lier manner, though it was moro quiet -uid sub dued than I bad known it before, was hamly to bo p termed grave, much loss sorrowful. Thorewasa t- dmitgx, hut it wiih that kind of chnngc only which may often Iks olwerved from the frank impulsive ness of nn intelligent young lady to the composuro and self-possotision of that samo young lady when sho is eithor betrothed or has recently Income a matron. Sho nsked me whother I had mado any attempt at a likeness of her. 1 was .obliged to confess that I had not. Sho rogrottod it much, as she wished ono for hor father. She hnd brought an encp*aving (a portrait of Lady M. A.), with lier that sho thought wonld assist mo. It was like tho one she lmd asked my opinion upon in the house in Lincolnshire. It had always l-ccn considered very liko her, and she would leavo it with me. Then (putting her hand impressivoly on my firm) i sho added sho ' really would bo moat thankful I aud grateful to mo if I would do it.' And, if I i recollect rightly, sho added : 'as much depended on it.' Seeing sho was so much in eoraest, I took up my sketch-book, and, by tho dim light that was still remaining, began to mako a rapid pencil-sketch of her. On observing my doing so, however, instead of giving mo what ass'istanco she was able, sho turned away, under the protenco of looking at tho pictures around the room, occas ionally passing from ono to another, so as to onablo mo to catch a momontory glimpso of her features. In this manner I mado two hurriod but rather expressive sketches of her, which, being all that tho declining light would allow mo to do, I shut my book and sho prepared to leave. This tnno, instead of tho usual 'Good morning,' sho wished mo an impressively pronounced ' Good bye,' firmly holding, rather than shaking, my hand' while sho said it. I accoinpanied her to tho door, outside of which sho seemed rather to fade into tho darkness than to pass through it. But I referred this impression to my own fancy, j I immediately inquired of the servant why sho had not announced the visitor to' mo. Sho stated that she was not aware there had been ono, and that any ono who had cnterod must havo done so when sho had left tho street-door open, about half au hour previously, whilo sho went across tho road for a momont. Soon after this occurred I had to fulfil an en gagement at a houso near Bosworth Field, in Lei costoiifihire. I loft town on a Friday, having sont some picturos that wero too largo to take with me by tho luggage-train a week previously, in order that they might bo at tho house on my arrival, and occasion mo no loss of time in waiting for them. On getting to the houso, howover, I found that they had not beon heard of, and, on inquiring at tho station, it was stated that a case similar to tho ono I doscribcd had passed through and gono on to Leicester, whore it probably still was. it being Friday, and pnst tho henr of the post, there was no possibility of getting a letter to Leicester before Monday morning, as the luggage ofiico would bo closed there on Snnday ; consequently I could in no ease expect tho arrival of tho pictures boforo tho succeeding Tuesday or Wednesday. Tho loss of three days would be a serious ono ; there fore, to avoid it, I suggested to my host that I should leave immediately to transact somo busi ness in South Staflordshire, as I should bo obliged to attend to it before my rottirn to town ; and if 1 could see about it in the vacant interval thus thrown upon my hands, it would be saving me tho same amount of time after my visit to his houso was concluded. This arrangement mooting with his ready assent, I hastened to tho Atherstone station on tho Trent Yalloy Kailway. By reference to Bradfihaw I found that my routo lay through Lichfield, whero I was to change carriages to S ? , in Staffordshire. I was just in timo for tlio train that would put mo down at Lichfield at eight o'clock in the evening, and a train was an nounced to start from Lichiiield for S ? at ten minutes past eight o'clock, answering, as I con cluded, to tho train in which I was about to travel. I therefore saw no reason to doubt that I should get to my journey's end tho same night;* but on my arriving at Lichfield I found my plans en tirely frustrated. Tlio train arrived punctually, and I got out, intending to wait on tho platform for the arrival of tho carriages for tho other lino. I found, however, though the two lines crossed at Lichfiold, thoy did not communicate with each other, tlio Lichfield station on tlio Trent Yalloy 1i«n U'nr. oMa ? A *1.« T SM. field station on tho South Staffordshire lino on tho other. I also found that there was not timo to got to the other station so as to catch the train tho samo evening; indeed, tho train had jiist tliat momont passed on a lower level beneath my feet, and to get to tho other side of tho town, whoro it would stop for two minutes only, was out of tho question. Thoro was, therefore, * nothing for it but to put up at tho Swan Hotel for tho night. I have an especial dislike to passing an ovoning at an hotol in a country town. Dinnor at such places I novor take, as I had rather go without than havo such as I am likely to get. Books are novor to bo had ; the country nows papers do not interest mo. Tho Times I havo swelled through on my journey. Tho socioty I am likely to meet havo fow ideas in common with my self. Undor such circumstances, I usually resoft to a meat tea to while away the time, and when that is over occupy myself in writing. , This was tho first timo I had beon iu Lichfiold, and whilo .waiting for tho tea it occurred to mo how, on two occasions within tho past six months, I had bcoiv on tho point of coming to that very place, at one timo to cxecute a small commission for an old acquaiutanco, resident thero, nnd another to get tho materials for a picturo I pro posed painting of an incidont in tho early lifo of Doctor Johnson. I should havo como on each of thbso occasions had not other arrangements di verted my purposo and causod mo to postpono tho journoy indefinitely. Tho thought, however, would occur to mo : 'How strange! Hero I am nt Lichfield, by no intention of my own, though I liavo twico triod to get here and been balked.' When I had dono toa, I thought I might as woll write to au acquaintance I had known some years proviously, and who lived in tlio Catliodral-close; asking him to como and pass an hour or two ifritli mo. Accordingly I rang for tho waitress, mid asked: . . , i ? !' Does Mr. Luto livo in Lichfield ?' 'Yes, sir.' ; ^Catliodral-closo?' » 'Yes, sir.' . ? . ' ' Can I send a noto to liiin T' . Yes, sir.' . , I wroto tho uoto, saying whero I was, njid asking if lie would como for an hour or two nnd talk over old matters. , Tho noto was takon : in about. twonty minutes a person of gentlemanly appoaranco, and what might bo termed advanced middle ago, en tered tho room with my noto in his hand, saying bhfit I had sent him a letter, ho presumed by mis take, as ho did not know my namo. Seeing in stantly that ho was not the person I intended to writo to, I apologised, anil asked whether thoro wap not auothor Mr. Luto living in Lichfiold. _ VNo, thero was nono other.' , V Cortainly,' I rejoined, ' my friond must havo given mo his right address, for I had writton liiin 9u .'other occasions hero. Ho was a fair, young man ; ho succeeded to an estate in consequonco of iiis uncle having been killed while hunting with tlio Quorn hounds, and. ho niarried about two, /ears sinco a lady of tho nauio of Fairbairn.' Tho stranger vory composedly roplicd ; J' You aro speaking of Mr. Clyno; ho did livo in tho Cathcdral-closo, but ho has now gono away.' Tho stranger was right, and . in my surpriso I exclaimed : , ' Oh, dear ! to bo suro that is tho namo ; what :ould have made me address you instead? I really beg yonr pardon; my writing to you aud unconsciously guessing your namo is ono of tho most extraordinary aud uuaccountablo things I wer did. Pray pardon mo.' He continued vory quietly : 'Thero is no lioed of apology; it happens that ,'ou aro tho very porson I most wish to soo. You ire a pointer, and I want you to paint a portrait )f my daughter. Can you come to my house im mediately for tho purposo ? ' I was rather surprised at finding mysolf known -y him, aud tho turn matters had taken was so mtiroly unoxpected I did uot at tho momont feol nclined to undortako tho businoss I, therefore, ixplaincd how I was situated, stating that 1 had mly tho noxt day and Monday' at my disposal. Jo, however, pressed mo so earnestly that I irrauged to do what I could for him iu those two lays ; and having put up my baggago and arranged »thcr matters, I accompanied him to his houso. During the walk homo ho scarcely spoke a word, nit his taciturnity scorned only a continuauco of lis quiot composuro at tlio inn. On our arrival 10 introduced mo to his daughter Maria, and then eft tho room. Maria Luto was a fair and decidedly landsomo girl of about fifteen ; her mannor was, towever, in advanco of hor years, and oviuced that elf-possession, and, in tho favorable senso of tho erm, that womanliness, that is only seen at such n early ago in girls who havo boen left inothor ess, or from other causes thrown much on their ?wn resources. Sho hod evidently uot beon informed of tho mrposo of my coming, and only know that I was o stay thoro for thu night : she thereforo excused hurdclf for a few moments, that sho might givo tho requisite directions to tlio servants as to preparing my room. Whon sho returned, sho told m& that l should not seo hor father again that ovoning, tho stato of his health haViug obliged him to rotiro for tho night ; but sho hoped I should lio ablo to seo him somo time on the morrow. In the meantime, sho hoped I would mako myself quito at homo, and call for anything I wanted. Sho hersolf was sitting in tho drawing-room, but perhaps I should liko to smoko and tako something; if so, thero was a firo in tho housekeeper's room and sho would como and sit with mo, as sho oxpectod tho medical attendant overy minute, and ho would probably stay to smoko and tako something. A£ tho littlo lady seemed to recommend this course, I readily complied. I did not smoko or tako any thing but sat down by tho fire, when sho imme diately joined me. She conversed well and readily, and with a command of languaga singular in a person so young. Without being disagreoably in quisitive or putting any question to me, sho seemed desirous of learning the business that had brought me to tho house. I told hor that her father wished mo to paint cither her portrait, or th?vt of a sister of hers, if sho had ono. itLK Sho romained silent and thoughtful for a moment, and thon seemed to comprehend it at onco. Sho told mo that a- sister of hers, an only ! one, to whom her father was devotedly attached, died near four months previously ; that her fathor had never yet recovered from tho shock of her death. Ho had often expressed tho most eamosk wish for a portrait of her ; indeed, it was his ono _ thought, nnd sho hoped, if something of tho kind * could be dono, it would improve his health. Hero sho hesitated, stammered, and burst into tears. After a while she continued : ' It is no uso hiding from yon what you must very soon be awaro of. Papa is insane — ho has been so ever sinco dear Caroline was buried. Ho says ho is always seeing dear Caroline, and he is subject to fearful dolu sions. The doctor says ho cannot tell how much, worso ho may be, and thnt everything dangerous, like knives or razors, is to bo kept out of his roach. It was neccssaryyou should not seo him again' this ovening, as he was unablo to convcrso proporly, and I fear the same may bo tho caso to-morrow; but porhaps you can stay over Sunday, and I may be ablo to assist you in doing what ho wishos.' I asked whether they had any materials for making a likeness — a photograph, a sketch, or anything elso for mo to go from. 'No, 'thoy had nothing.' ' Could sho doscribe lier clearly ? ' She thought sho could, and thero was a print that was very much like her, but sho had mislaid it. Imon tioned that with such disadvantages, and in such an absence of materials, I did not anticipate a very satisfactory result. I had painted portraits under such circumstances, but thoir success much dopended upon tlio powers of description of the persons who wero to assist moljy thoir recollection ; in somo instances 1 had attained a cortain amount of success, but in most the result was- quito a failure. Tho medical attendant camo but I did not seo him. I learned, however, that ho ordered a strict watch to bo kept on his patient till ho camo again tliG next morning. Seeing the state of things, and how much tho littlo lady had to attend to, I retired early to bed. The next morn ing I heard that her fathor was decidedly better ; lie had inquired earnestly, on waking, whether I was really in tho houso, and at breakfast-timo ho _ sent down to say that ho hoped nothing would ' prevent my making an attempt at tho portrait im mediately, and ho oxpectod to be ablo to seo me in tho course of tho day. q Directly after breakfasfc l sot to work, aided by such description as tho sister could give me. I tried again and again, but without success, or, indeed, tho least prospect of it. The features, I was told, wero separately liko, but the expression was not. I toiled on the greater part of tho day, with no better result. Tho difl'eront studies I mado wero takon up to tho invalid, but the samo answer was always returned — no resomblanco. I had exerted myself to tho utmost, and, in fact, was not a littlo fatigued by so doing — a circum stance that tho littlo lady evidently noticed, as sho expressed herself most grateful for tho interest sho could seo I took in tho matter, and referred tho unsuccessful rosult entirely to liar wank nf ?powers^ of description. Sho also* said it was so . provoking ! She had a print — a portrait of a lady that was so like-—- but it had gono ; sho had missed it from her book for threo weeks past. It was tho more disappointing as she was sure it would liavo boen of great assistance I asked if she could tell mo who tho print was of — as, if I knew, I could easily procure one in London. Sho an swered, ' Lady M. A.' Immediately tho namo was uttered tho wholo scono of tho lady of tho railway carriago presented itself to mo. I had my sketch- book in my portmanteau up-stairs, nnd, by a fortunate chance, fixed in it was tho print in question, with the two pencil sketches. I instantly brought thein down and showed thom to Marin Lute. Sho looked at them for a moment, turned her eyes full upon me, and said slowly and with something ©f fear in lier manner : ' Whero did you get thoso ? ' Then quicker, nnd without waiting for my answer : ' Lot mo tako thom instantly to papa.' Sho was away ton minutes or more. Whon sho returned hor fathor cahio with her. Ho did not wait for salutations, but said, in a tono and manner I had not observed in him bo foro : ' I was right all tho timo ; it was you that I saw with hor, and theso sketches aro from her and from no one else. I value thom moro than all my possessions, except ' this dear child.' Tho daughter also assured mo that tho print I had brought to tho houso must, bo tho 0110 takon from tho houso about threo weeks bo- - foro, in proof of which sho pointed out to mo the gum marks at tho back, which exactly corresponded with thoso left on tho blank leaf. From the moment tho father saw these sketches his mental health returned. I was not allowed to touch oithor of tho poncil drawings in the sketch-book, as it was feared I might injure them; butau oil picturo from tliom wn,s commonced immediately, tlio father sitting by mo hour after hour, directing my touches, con vorsing rationally, and indeed cheerfully, whilo lio did. , so. Ho avoided direct reference to his de lusion, but from timo to timo led tho conversation to tlio manner in which I had originally obtainod tho sketches. Tho doctor camo in tho ovening, ? .and after extolling tho particular trcatraont ho had 'adopted, pronounced his patient decidedly, and ho boliovcd permanontly, improved. Tho next day boing Sunday, wo all wont to ' church ; tho father for tho first timo since his bcreavemont. - During a walk which ho took with mo aftor luncheon ho again approached the sub ject of the sketches, and after somo soemiug hesi tation as^ to whother ho should eonfido in mo or - not, ho said : ' Your writing to mo by namo from * the inn at Lichfield was ono of thoso inexplicable circumstances that I supposo it is impossible to cloar up. I know you, howovor, directly I saw you.- When thoso about mo considered my intel lect was disordered, nnd that I spoko incoherently, it was only bocnuso I saw tilings that thoy did not. Sinco hor death 1 know, with a ccrtainty that nothing will over disturb, that at difieront timos I, havo l-con in tho actual and visiblo prcsenco of my daughter who is gone— of toner, indeed, just aftor ' hor death than latterly. Of tho many timos that this . has occurred; I distinctly romombor once seeing her in a -railway-carriage, speaking to a porson sitting opposite; who that person was I - could not ascortain, as.iny position seemed to bo immediately behind him. I noxt saw1 hor at a dinnor- tablo, with others, and among thoso othors, unquestionably, I saw yoursolf. I afterward learned that at that timo I was considered to bo in ono of my longest and most violent paroxysms, as I continued to seo her speaking to you, in the midst of a largo assombly, for somo hours. Again, . I saw her standing by your sido, whilo you woro oiigaged cither in writing or drawing. I saw her onco again afterward, but tho noxt timo 1 saw you was in tho inn parlor.' Tho picturo was proceeded with tho noxt day, and on tho day after tho faco was completed, and I . * afterward brought it with me to London to finish. I havo ofton seen Mr. L. sinco that period. His health is perfectly re-established, nnd his manndr and conversation aro as cheerful as can bo expec ted within a few years of so groat a boreavomont. .. , Tho portrait now hangs in his bod- room, with tho print and tho two sketches by tho sido, nnd writton beneath is : ' C.L., 13'th September, 1858, aged twenty-two.' It may bo remarked, for tho comfort o! , ' honesty poverty, that avarice reigns most in those who have but fow good qualities to 1 ' recommend them. This is a weed that will grow on barren soil. — Hughes. A short timo ago, while getting out stone I in his quarry a mile south of Kokomo, Ind., George W. Defonbough split a* maBsive slab and found embedded in the solid rook a lizard . of licht color ? ? —I 