THE ALLEGED IMPOSITION ON THE BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. TO THE RDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, P. CAZALY. 10th October. SIR,—As there is a prevailing opinion about that this institution is very greatly imposed upon, may I appeal to the thousands of your readers who reside, of course, in all parts of the dittrict into which our outdoor relief extends, to interest themselves a little in the matter of the alleged imposition, by making nil the enquiries they can in their respective neigh borhoods, and to forward me .the result of their iovestigal ions to the board-room, Camp street. It will be treated in the strictest confidence, and the case or- cases of al leged imposition, if any, fully investigated, and justly and . firmly dealt . with by the committee and its visitors. It is time that, once and for all, this cry of imposition should be thoroughly tested, but up to the present neither the committee or' its officers, in spite of Complete and constant supervision, can gat at facts. This imposition seems like a great shadowy ghost, constantly held before us; but when we come to grasp it, it melts into thin air. What we-want and have been trying for years to get at are facta, facts, facts, but we don’t get them. People in general, and anonym ous writers io particular, are food of indulging in the following ghostly style:—“lt is no torious that the institution is greatly imposed upon,” “ it is well known,” “ everyone is aware,” &c.;, and so on ad infinitum and ad nauseam; but these good people" never come to facts. I again appeal to your readers for substantial facts. Let us have the name and address of the ofiender and the character of the offence. In the name of the committee, its visitors, Us officers, nud last but: not least tho subscribers, lappeal znostearnestly for facts. I feel certain from the experience, of 18 years that if the challenge thrown out repeatedly by our committee for a thorough investigation into our outdoor relief, was accepted, by a sub* committee, consisting of members of the Press, two subscribers, and the president, n house to house visit and report, that out of 750 recipient*, they could not see their way clear to strike off three cases, for no one knows better than myself bow thoroughly and well, the visitors . of this institution (both for town and country) do their duty. Will your readers accept ths invitation. We desire it; we long fur it. But the information must consist of facts, and none of “ we know you know,” of which we have bad enough. In the .cause of this great and noblo charity, will your readers coma forward and assist the committee ?- " “ [Wa heartily approve of the manifest desire of the writer to second our endeavours for the suppression of that imposition which is eo generally alleged to exist.—Ed. £far.] 