OTJE LONDON LETIEE. [phom or/n, own coBBESroNDEHT.]. Xondon, January 5. The death of Lfon Gambotta, tho firm opponent of tho Empire, tho Director of National Dofenco in 1870-1, and tho hopo of moderate Republicans in France, has caused a profound Bonbation throughout tho Continent' Princo Bismarck and his organs among tlio German Press affect regret at M. Gambotta's untimely end, because, as they flay, ho wob a guarantoo that the Kepubhc would enduro, ana thcroforo offer larger chances of poaco than if tho Monarchists wore bidding for power with a war cry. Probably Princo Bismark's tears are like those of an alligator, arid wa well know that ho has always regarded Gambotta as tho future leader of a campaign of revanche. That is not to bo in bo far as tho groat Oppo sitionist chief is concerned. Tho post morlem examination proved that tho wound received by a pistol shot six wroks ago had nothing to do with his death, which was causod by an intornal complaint of long standing. It was a fact that Gambotta know for somo months past that tho delicate state of his health made itneccs sury for him to withdraw from public affairs. M. Gambotta's death occurred within a few hours of the suicido of Count Felix Wimpffon, tho Austrian Ambassador at Paris. His end was caused by mental derangomont, brought about by somo trilling matters. Horo, at homo, wo have to deplore tho death of two peers — the Earl of Woymuss and March, and tho Earl of Stamford and Warrington. Tho former, who died at an advanced age, is succeeded in tho title by Lord Elcho, and a vacancy it thus caused in the representation of Haddington shiro. Lord Stamford was better known ns a patron of tho turf than in tho world of politics, Tlio obituary also includes tho names of General Sir Georgo Brooke, K.C.B., Sir Henry Mcux, Bart., tho chief partner in tho great browing firm j ho had been insane for many yoara. Major-Goneral Sir George Hall Macgrogor, K.O.B., of tho Boy^l (late Bengal) Artillery. Wbat has been a niijerable, uncanny sort of Christmas has now happily como to an end, and peoplo are beginning to get back to tho normal state of things in which wo do not have three Sabbaths in a week — Sunday, Christmas Diy, and bank holiday. I am glad that it is all over, for tho drunkenness was vory great, and very disgusting. It is the pleasing habit of largo sections of tho working classes hero, to begin and got drunk on Saturday afternoon as soon as they receive their wages. This being a re gular habit, they are ablo to get over tho effects on tho Sunday ; but Sunday, Mon day, and Tuesday and nothing to do but drink, on Wednesday they aro hardly in a fit stato to resume work, and so they keep it up to tho end of tho week. Under tho circumstinces, the poor wives have a sad timo of it to provide a scanty meal for tho next Sunday. Tho pawn broker generally has to find the wherewith at a charge on fiat-irons and such like things of 20 or 25 por cent. Mr. Whithworth, M.P., will, it is stated, bring to tho notico of the Foreign Office tho statement of the Malagasy envoys respecting tho dosir» of thoir fJovornmont that tho British Government and other European Powers should unite with the authorities of Madagascar in concerting measures for suppressing the liquor traflic in the island. Mr. Trevelyan, who is at present visiting some of the districts in Ireland, in accordance with the announcement made before Christmas, in this correspondence, was taunted with cowardice and worm by the Freeman's Journal, for preferring the easo of his guarded house and office to running tho risk of going among the people to inquire for himself the extent of tho distress from which they are suffering. An amende from tho Sheriff 's organ is now in order, and would bo welcomed by those who know tho right hon. gentleman's broad liberality of mind, kindly heart, and the deadly peril with which he will bo surrounded in some portions of tho distressed districts. The disappointment so keenly expressed in Badical circles at the probable postponement of a re- distribution of seats to another Parlia ment, is unfounded. Thero U good reason to believe that tho bill will bo introduoed at an early dato. Mr. Gladstone has so stated, ro peatcdly, in conversation to his friends, and nothing was said in Sir Charles Dilke's speech really justifying a different impression. It is gratifying to find out that out of tho £100,000 or so annually doroted to civic dinners and entertainmonts, and chargod to funds bequeathed for tho poor, the munificent sum of £500 has this season been distributed to tho poverty-stricken widows of fremeen, at tho generous rate of 5s. per head, there boing some two thousand of them. How grateful these widows ought to feel. Some people will perhaps be surprised to hear that Mrs. Beecher Stone is still alive. It seems in tho very dim part that ' Uncle Tom's Cabin 'was built, and tho author suddenly leapt into fame in two hemispheres. Mrs. Stone iB, howovor, not only yet alive, but. judg ing from a letter received by an old friend in London, sho, liko Mr. Gladstone, is in excellent Boirits. She has just been celebrating hor birthday, or rather having it celebrated for hor by crowds of friends. It was hor seventieth birthday, and sho writes that ' it i3 the first timo it was ever celebrated.' It appears not to have been tho habit of tho Beocher family to keop birthdays, and there is indeed somo doubt as to whether the festival hold tho other woek in Florida camo about on tho right day. Mrs. Stone has now taken to something moro agreeable and evon moro profitable than writing books. Sho grow? oranges, having purchased a little estate in Florida. Three hundred a year sho makes by tho sale of orangos, which, as sho says, is a very nico royalty. Mr. Gladstono was once heard to say, apropos of a ' Life and Letters ' just published, that ho novor 6aw such a book announced without a creeping of tho flesh. For fifty years ho has lived in the company moro or loss intimate of tho moBt notcablo mon of tho day. Theso, constantly interchanging letters or writing their memoirs, aro suro to say something about Mr. Gladstone. It is oasy to understand with what apprehension he would tako up such a book as tho ' Life of Bishop Wilberforce,' just now in everybody's hands. What ghosts of his former self might come up in the shapo of remavks mado by him long ago, and trea sured up by tho pen of his companion. Wh»t new lights he might gain of the true feeling towards himself of tho dead friend, and what irretrievable damage might bo dono to him by some indiscretion. Thore are many indisoro tions in the third volume of tho ' Lifo of BiBhop Wilborforco,' at which everybody pro fosaes to be shocked, and yot which ovorybody reads. Mr. Gladstono does not suffer anytliing at tho hands of the shrewd obsorvor and ox ccedingly Xreo analyst. Tho Bishop writes in his diary on defeat of University (Irish) Bill : Gladstone. Much talking how littlo really good any Promior had dono after sixty — Peel, Palmorston — his all work really dono beforo, Duke of Wellington adding nothing to his re putation afiorwards. The roduction of tho ' Cornhill Magazine' to sixpence has boon deforrod, and the new year will bo run through at tho old prico, but tho boliof in tho minds of somo publishers that tho monthly magazino of the futuro must Boll for sixpence is not distributed. Tho simple fact is, that tho English monthlies are beaton out of the field by the Amorican competitors who have recently entered it. With ' Hor por's,' and the ' Century' lavishly illustratod, and claiming tho contributions of tho boat writors, our mogazinos havo no chanco. How ' Harper's' manngo to givo bo much for a shilling is explicable only by reference to their sale. In America ' Harpor's' soil 128,000 a month, the prico being threo ponco higher than in England. Foro tho salo is 20,000, and is steadily going up. With such sales tho pro priotors may woll manago to ongago the best artiBts of the day, and to pay for litoraturo doublo tho rato current with other sorics, in cluding tho ' Nineteenth Contury.' Imitated Mamma : ' No, it doesn't fit as if it had boen born in it — it doosn't fit at all, and I Bhall oxpect tho nionoy back.' Mr. Mobcs : ' But sholp mo — ' Irritatod Mamma : ' Your advortisomonts say ' Money roturnod if not ap proved.' ' Mr. Mosos: 'So they do, ma tear j so they do ; but your monoy was approved— it was Tory goot money.1 