' "MI?. MOXCMRE CON WAYS 1 tEOTUREti; Mr. Moncaro Conway lectured to nJargo andi- cuco laat night in tho Atbenieom on"" Mother Ejirth— Dreams of tho I'ust ; Visions of the Future." Since tho lecturer hit upon tiie bright _ idea of speaking from- tha eastern side of tho hail, instead ot trom tne piaciQrm, .ujs auuituio had nodifHcalty in hearing every word houttera. Tho title of last night's- lecture was well chosen. The iiret part of tho discourse was do voted to dreain-likp glimpsos of, tbo past, in , which tho lecturer showed: that tho bot't and tenia! siting, coin ing "upon us with its subtle breath, waking into lifo all tho \aried wouforsof tholloral creation, had in remote ages given names to every day in the fruitful seasons of' budJing spring and generous sumnJor. Ho truced how the changes end phenomena of the seasons had givon rise to ceremonies, z.imdubow such , cere monies hud been inco'rporntod with religion and- transmuted in lornj uud name as tiine'rellea on. Ho read two liuddhfBt- hymns of inrowtion to .liiolhtr tiHi th, in which all tlio powers of terrcs-, trial fructifictttioa were recounted with adminug devotion. In theso hymns tho. lecturer observed that man was - in ' perfect harmony witlr natnvc,1 and ' as a little child- never droamt ot censuring its. mother so theso Buddhist poots uoy.er dreaptt'of <mHirih mottxor earth. There w«ts a hint in. ono to tuo, ouocfc V What thou lackest -uiay inanr tho first-born ot justice, fill up," iinplyiug that nature was not perfect. :'This idea of impertcction in nature baa gradually generated tho idea of 'informal powers.-, Tho gods aud goddesses of mythology wero gene rally idealisations of. somo attribute of nature, nnd they wore typified as overcoming seine monster of evil. Thero v7us .St. George and tho dragon, fofc instance. .Hut St. Gcorco was a great scamp and a spurious suint, uarrowlyhaving osciipcd a prosecution for embezzlement. Instead of slaying tho dragon ho .defrauded tho people ri'ht aud left. After refering for somo tiuw. i 'to mythological lore, the lecturer approached tho second part of his Iocfcuro— "riRions of tho future.'" Ho said that when a part of tho Puritans in Massachussctts moved to wards Connecticut, they said that tho land was rood— pleasant ' / xncadow3 'and crystal rivulets. Ilut it was then in tho hands of thoJied Indians. Tlioy rot over that difficulty by passing .three re solutions after church. The first was, iha earth is tho Lord's apd the/fullness thereof, lind. "AThatbelongs 'tb the. Lord belonss to lis saints. " '3rd. 'MYo are His saints. (Laughter.) The Indians' .wore made to understaud tho - decision arrived at,, aud they sooti rondo way for .tbe,: saints. d ho Puritaus, howevori planted Schools us well churches, and,.raised a strong, vigorous popuja- ; tion "of thinking men, which he (the lecturer) " hoped wo should, do heroi rbnt.wo should not do it by proclaiming that tao earth is tho devils and the fulness thereof, or by- stonipg every minister out of the place who happened to doubt it. (Applause.) Thoy .mdst do away with all dogmas which oppressed the heart .of man and destroyed the peace of humanity. No.' superstition could be eradicated, ; but Bnpor- stitions might bo so cultivated and nnproyed that the change . of ' form" .and growth- would present an cssotial difference, j tiat as tho pine apple was very different irom tho piuo cone. Tho most primitive religions . represented tho forces andr attributes of nature. It was this Inheunt aud fundamental ' basis essential truth — this resting on 'naturpi-— thiii springing from mother earth — that gave to many creeds thoir.-ienduring vitality. That which was.iu harmony with nature, that which spraugom nature, that which typified nature, apperioirto arid enlisted the Byropfchies of man. But oven lite beauty of the earth itself; hdfadod jargely from tholoUiugmiUions inthoojdcopntryihecimso thoy were pressed down so hard by.tlio .necessi ties of the day, and bad to fight so hard in ' the struggle lor lifel To such' people eyetrthe face of nature must look wolfish.1 Woinustnavo a true and real religion, 'that would seo.tbe beauty of: the earth and recognise tho beauty- nnd i dignity of hmnauityas naturoii highest work. How was it that rich men could not tolerate in their gardens or houses anything that was oirfrd or inartistic, whiio thoy could look with equanimity on the social 'deformities pro seated by a squalid and- poverty stricken popu lation Cramped up ia filthy allej8 ? If men were properly educated, it thoir hearts were as largo as their intellect, it would be lmpcssiblefor.'them t,o tolerate in tho condition of their lellow men blot3 of life which should bo more offensive to tho mind than blotched pictures wero to tho eye. Humanity would"' become as heavenly in their eyes as a Madonna. When' passing 'tbrongh : Cincinnati he bad seen tiie only beautiful ceme tery ho had ever witnessed in his lifo. It was ono vast and beautiful park. There were , no fences, railings or enclosures there. Statesmen, governors, millionaires and men qf genius were buried thero as in ono common grave. There the rich and the poor rested without isolation 'or distinction. Mother earth had taken them back to her bosom. It wasin these fraternal and communal ideas that tho , hope of tho world lay. The mistake of the ministers of Christianity was that they said the earth was accursed, for getting that Christ had propounded tho beautiful parable of tbo Sparrow and the Lily Tho earth was not accursed, but ruicht be made a paradise if mcn:who- were expending their energies and- fortunes on more whim$ and. fancies would expend -. thenToui the earth' for humanity, # .He.Jcnewa man , who .' wasted his lifo. investi gating the authenticity of ghosts, and yet ho <was - only - :a typo' of thousands, in Christendom. He- fthe lecturer) did not deny tho. hops of aiutuxo life, hut a thousand future worlds would' be useless if we missed the bounty of the world we have got. Some people were;: apt to cast aside tbe records of miracles as rub bish. They "were not rubbish — they were the prophetic poems of human kind— the 1 yearning desire of someone indicating what he would do for humanity if .he.couldt Thoy were the pro phetic visions of what would bo done; for miracles could -be wrought if we only had the will to" work -tbenj. What miracles 'could, be worked ' with, : tbe £200,000,000 wrapped up in" the English Church ? Nine-tenths of it were -lavished on God, who noeded-no such help, The heart and re<ason of man united in all fulness could make this earth joyful and mankind one family, fraternally seeking for-good and fraternally acting for the happiness d£ alL Mr. Conway lectures again this evening. 