litY FIRST IEXPERIUENCE OF OUR / COUNTRY HOUSE. Owil' to financial pressure in the shaprof heavy losses abroad, I accepted the offer o!an old.fashioned 'urnished house in the courtry, which had boon ten'oears untenanted,is a residence in the meantime to save the exponses of town lifoe; and thither, in a cold and strmy November day, amid torrents of raina set out along with all I held most dear on!earth -my family. -That. comprised my wih and three young children. As we left our bheery town houso.for the last time, many o'heavy thought oppressed me, on account d those dependent on me, at the waywardicss of Fortune, and the ".ups and downs" .f life; and especially as to what she might stll have in store for us. We had a long drive in a comfortable close conveyance, hired at the nearest railwa town, from the windows of which the childrem were delighted .to watch the new scenery as we drove along. The smallest little daring of the three, just eight months old, was as com fortable in his wraps and furs as if hie were at the warmest fireside. . At length ewe found ourselves at the door of our new home, far in the heart of the country. Dreary and soli tary enough it looked, standing by itelf at the foot of a slope, with its short averme of trees leading up to the door. Soon, hovever, we were inside, and roaring fires in ivery room helped to raise our spirits and disdpate the gloom, by imparting that cheeriness viich fires only can give. . Next morning, on exploring our now srar ters, we found that their appearance did not altogether belie their weird and ghostly rpn tation. Some stories we had heard abo the house being haunted, as the reason of e re maining so long. unoccupied, we of ourse only laughed at.. The walls were of coo ous thickness, and several of the rooms p elled: Already within the panelling, the ra 'and mice; apprised of the signs of habitat n by the fires which had been put in sever days before our arrival, once again began hold their revels. The main passage was arrow, the stairs of stone-one stair leadin from the middle floor' up to the bedroom above, containing the publio rooms; the oth r dqwn to the kitchen range of rooms below, nost of which were. really belowe ground, da p and dark, with their walls glistening with istre. This latter stair led off the lobby or the entrance, and. the very idea of desee ding it gave one a shudder. Upstairs thew a were sloped in over the bedrooms, and so to give them a square shape, a part of the dth had been cut off by partitions next t a gable, which left a large dark empty space 11 round between wall.and partition, enu , as' the proprietor said, to accommodate h f regi ment of infantry. This, however had.the one advantrge of keeping the room dry; At the back of the house a clear bro rippled along, subject' to rise and fall w ih every shower of rain. For four or five days the storm at had ushered us in, continued, but at le tih one morning a clear, bright sun broke t over the landscape, showing us, from the top of the slope, our insular position with t Ger man ocean'on three sides in the di tance. Sea-coast towns were also scattered alo g the shore at intervals, and there appeared a tty undulating' country sparsely planted with trees, without village or hamlet anywho to be seen among the large cultivated fields ex cept the big farm steadings that appeared re and there at considerable distances apart. time passed, and we settled down in our nw abode, I found that the days did not hang heavily on my hands as I expected, what witl the increasing acquaintanceship with veryo kind and pleasant neighbours, and shooting (kindly granted mo by the proprietor) among hares, partridge, to., and especially at large flocks of geese which had taken a fancy to the neighbourhood. The children enjoyed the country freedom immensely, and the rores daily deepened in .their cheeks from the strong ocean air. some seven hundred feeoot above the sea level. . One day I was engaged putting up a swing. for Maud and Will,,to, their great; delight, in. the shed that adjoined the house at the back -an old building of two stories, the lower one of which had open arches, and the upper, once used as a granary, was approaehed by a trap stair. , All at once I noticed through the pane of 'the outside kitchen door, that .led into the long passage of that floor, the flutter of a child's dress I well knew, and, at the .same moment, a shadow as of someone rapidly passing. Hardly believing my eyes, I looked again, knowing that no one went down .to that now disused floor, the outer door of which remained locked, and least of all that the baby would be taken there. There was nothing now to be seen. Our one servant, I knew, had leftJor an afternoon holiday, and would not be back for some hours. With a shiver running all over me, half congealing my blood, I flew to the door and looked along the narrow passage, but nothing was visible. The furthest and 'door that opened to the staircas leading to the public rooms above still remained closed. I kicked at the out 'side door, but nothing save the echo replied; so I nexst rushed to the low kitchen window and looked in. All was undisturbed there and motionless " The cobwebs still crossed the doors and coiners just as they had wont to be. .Taking the two children with me, I hurried round to the front of the honse, where I found their mother at the front door, with her knitting, enjoying the bright sun. "shine. Quickly tolling her what I had seen as calmly as I could, though not too care fully, as the rising pallor on her face betokened, I hurriedly asked where she had' left baby. Before I had half done she was flying upstairs, followed by.me, to baby's room, where, as she said, she had left him quietly sleeping in his cot. Tho cot was empty Our darling was away, The clothes even oner gone. With a moment's delay, alter a rapid glance through the adjoining rooms, we hurried downstairs, down thle second flight to the dark, damp, kitchen floor, and from aoom to room we flow, but not a trace of our darling, I had than to curry poor Helen upslaire--she hald fallen fainting on the floor. 1' laid her on ia couch, and endeavoured' to recover her, ii the first:place. For soio'tim'sho' remainedr in' a drized state, and'then, '. recollectioin gradually caimo back, I tirged the necessity Iof her keeping up till we had'made a thoroughl search for our child, as, firom the time.I had 'een his dress, it was impossible he could he aniywhere but still, in the house. With' the clear'and rapid ,"instinctl with which she saw most things; she' made tilho'.effort needed, and which, I could sea at the time, was al. most beyond her strength. Again we searched and searched, in thd;house, round: about the house, and cverv'where _vhere there was the faintest possibility that' the child could be concealed, but in vain ; 'and ,how the thie phased from the moment we first missed him (about three in the afternoon)"till darkness began to close in on'a short winterdday, I can. yet but faintly imaging. . Going round once more to the back of the house foi the?tweitieth time, all of s sudden 'a faint' glimmer of, light from' across thi ibrookecaoght'myeye, along with what I felt certain was the flutter of.a child's dress. It seemed in tiho dusk to be only, a few hundred yards off; . Without waiting . moment, and dreading to'utter'bn alarm, I sprang across the brook,' though the deep swamp and rushes beyond, and, reachinig the hard firm Ieadowv, flew along in the direction of the light, of which another glimmer again directed ine.' The 'light, I could see, was movingi onswards,'and as I increased my pace I found I was'distinctly gaining on it. A fresh glim mer now and'again kept me right, and I only feared, breaking doen .ere it' could be over taken. So husbanding my strength as well as my excitement would'allow, I kept up the pace; determined to succeed if it cost me my last .breath. Gradually, as the chase con tinued, the light drew nearer, the glimmer stronger; and the flutter of the child's dress now proved a certainty. A few minutes more and I must be up with it. I thought, too, I could distinguish in the darkness the outline of a man; but, so thick had the gloom now become, this might have been fancy, as no gleam that lit up the child's dress ever fell on the figure. ' For a few seconds I noticed the light linger at one spot, move up and down, then again movoe ra·idly on. But now, for' the first time; I lost sight of the' white dress. In a 'second or two more I was up to the place where the light had lingered. This brought mo alongside a broad straggling whin fence, well known to me as a' good 'cover for partridge. While rushing past, a conscious. ness of' something white aniongst the furze arrested my steps, and pushing in among them I bent down over what seemed a mass of white like a snow drift, in the midst of which,. sound asleep, and comfortable and cosy in his warm blankets and i'ug, as if he were still in his cot, I discovered our darling I Even the blankets had been drawn carefully up round his soft warm face, to allow just enougghroom for air without the least danger of cold. As I pressed my face to the little round checks, and felt the warm breath coming and going, the revulsion was so great, coupled with the exhaustion of my run of over a mile, that I could only at the moment sink down beside him. I dared not yet trust myself to carry him back, anxious as I felt .about those at home. While resting with him in my arins I notieed the light growing fainter and fainter till it disappeared in the distance. At length, when sufliciently recovered, I rose with my.newly found treasure, to try and re. trace my steps homeward in the now pitchy darkness. Carefully I groped my way back, holding him close to me, and feeling as if the time were an age ere I Could return to ex change the grief there for joy. The light from 'an upper window of the house guided me, otherwise in the (hick darkness I might have lost my way. At length the ripple of the brook at the back-door met my ears, and recrossing.care fully I found myself once more at the back of the house beside the swing, and at the first scene ofthe mysterious disappearance, an event never to be forgotten, though ending so happily. On coming round to the front all was quiet, the outer door still open, the lower lamps unlit, and not a sound even of the children's voices to be heard. I dreaded the sudden effect of the discovery of her darling on Helen, and my sole anxiety now was how ,I could break the glad news to her as gently as possible. So, quietly ascending the stair, I reached her room, found its door ajar, and ,looked in. There she was, seated at a table, her head bent forward on her.hands, and per. fectly motionless. laud and .Will were sit. ting.on the hearthrug' subdued and silent, looking wistfully up towards their mother. Softly .entering the room I signed to the children, who at once saw me, to keep silent, and as softly I laid him down once more in his cot. As his cheek. touched.the pillow a smile crept over his face as it oven in a dream he felt he was again in safety. And then crossing the room I sat quietly down beside his mother. She seemed in a sort of stupor, out of which only slowly and with difliculty I succeeded in rousing her, and by degrees, as she caught my cheerful tone, a new light seemed to break in upon ber, and she looked me straight in the face. There was no use my attempting to dissemble. .The look of good noew was too plain to be hidden, though I feared at first the effect of the reaction. Be fore I had half told my tale shecaught the meaning Ihoks of the children, and gave one swift glancq towards the cot, - In an instant she was tbtre, and for a moment the over. whelming joy was almost as overpowering as the grief. Authe little subjcot of all this care was loaded wsth caresses he opened his big black eyes with,a smile of ,welcome.all round; and as each in turn got: shinre of his smiles we could hardly realise that the past had not all been a dream. How, our 'house was changed from one of sorrow to one of joy that evening I can still well remember. Noever after that \vas baby left for one minute alone, nor was there ever a chancy given of that day's biqtory being repeateld Early next morning we made a thorough search of the house from room to room, but nowhere could we obtain a clue to any secret door or passage that might throw light on the mystery. After the foregoing experience it may be supposed I would fain have changed our residence had not strong pecuniary reasons stood in the way, and besides I had a strong desire sooner or later to bhe at the bottom of the- mystery. As the above events began to lose their vividness, without any fresh incident to ex. cite suspicion, time passed pleasantly on. One day as I was round in the shed cutting up some trees, whlch a recent storm had blown down, with Maud and Will playing by, I suddenly became aware of the shadow once more crossing the kitchen-door. This time, however, it was alone. Our baby, I knew, was too well watched to be spirited away again. In a moment I was at the door, look ing in along the dark passage; but all was empty there I Instead, however, now of rush ing round to the front of the house, as I did befobe,' and giving tho'alarm, I kept watch, and sent Maud quietly round to give infor. marion. : lsping1 Will' by me, I watched M d till she reaehed the front of thie house, where 'I' had left hr inother with the soer vant, attending baby in his perambulator. They were all'soon rounid, and, pointing out to Helon a knoll at a little dis tance,' which commanded a view of three sides of thie house, or of any one attempt ing to leave it, I askoled her to retire there with the servant (a strong country girl) and children, and keep watch. Hardly they left when the shadow again crossed the kithehn foor; and immediately afterwards a slight sound in the granary drew my atteon tion. ilniablI: tu keep black hlger, or dllay for the sending of a neighbour, which was my-first idea, I sprang up the trap tairir nd listened. In a'little the sound was repeanted, now distinctly' as of a'door closing;' and then ceased; but no trace could I find of door or opeling of any kind. I took'car that, from where I stood, I'could still seo the 'group on 'the knoll. Striking on the wall whence the 'sound seemed tohave proceeded, a" faint ap parent echo reached me'; but this,.I thought, could be traced to a distinct. separate sound. Repeating the blow again and again on' dif ferent parts of the 'wall, at last a hollow sound seemdd to answer thel stioke;' and sinmultaneously, a part of the: wall I had not noticed before, to 'tho.side, and nearer the gable, opl:ened slightly, disclosinf 'a' long narrow rent. Another, 'stroki on the saime place, I found, was on a'stono that yielded to' pressure, dnd showed a widening crevice. With further pressure on 'the stone, which appeared to be eonnected'with the'door by'a spring, it reached at lhst its full'width,'and' disclosed a narrow door in the wall,' from: which a' passage withlla' dark'stone stair case led downwaids. This staircaseo ws just wide enough or one man, to crush' through. 'Without hesitatifig, and with a' sort of desperation, due partly, perhaps, to my. entiro unbelief in" ghostsi, 'I entered tIhe passage and began to descend the steps, after taking the precaution to get a heavy lump of wood and leave it in the doorway to prevent any accidental closing. As I went down the narrow staircase, a slight rustle from below told me pretty surely I should'find some one there. Each step now brought me nearer the object of my search ; while the flicker of light that presently came from below showed Ime I was nearer the foot of the stair. In another second or two I found myself in a narrow passage at the foot, faintly lit by a crevice in the wall, and with the figure of a man dimly visible before mc; There we stood confronting each other, not a sound to be heard but the breathing of each. After some moments had passed thus in dead silence, I put out my left hand to feel what sort of wall resisted me' on that aide, and, if possible, let in some light, and struck against what seemed to be the wooden panel ling of a room. The movement' caused no change in my ofs.a-vis.. Next placing my back against one side of' the passage, I put my foot against the pannelling, and triedto' force open a deal; but in vain. It was too strong to yield to my pressure. Still the figure remained motionless. I tlien bethought myself of my. box of " vestas," which, as a smoker, I always carried, and struck a light. As the darkness fled, and the whole passage became visible, with the figure in it, whom and what did I see ? For a little I could hardly beholieve my eyes, and. wondered if I, too, were in a dream.. A man, certainly, in full flesh and blood, and no ghost, wans there, motionless still, his head slightly bent, and eyes fixed on vacancy as in a dream. No sign of seeing me, or of the least alarm at my presence, appeared in his face. But what was strangest of all remains to be 'told.' The face was that of an honest carpenter of our neighbourhood, whom I well knew as a very respectable steady man. I had heard he had been in the habit of disappearing now and then from his house at night for a day or two 'at a time, and of returning again by' night as quietly 'as he left;i while-he either refused, or was unable to give any account of his absence. The truth was now plain. The man.was a somnambulist. There, too, was the lantern in his hand, still unlit, which, on the former occasion, had guided me by its light. On being addressed, he seemed at first to come "back to himself" slightly, as if half aware of my presence, and of being caught, but again lapsed' into' his dreamy state. Going up to him I bade him follow me, which he quietly did, up the stair. case, and out by the way I had entered, till he appeared at the foot of the trap stair in the presence of the wondering group on the grass, who were now getting anxious about my absence. yTelling the man quietly to go:home, and to be careful never to repeat his intrusion, he unhesitatingly took tth straight road home, and walked steadily away. The effect of the discovery on Helen, her speechless astonish ment and relief at the same time, at 'such a very practical and homely solution 'of the robbery of her baby, may be imagined. The man, it appeared, was liable to be affected differently at different times. Sometimes he had more than his ordinary waking wits about him in a certain groove, in the form of an invincible cunning enabling him to elude discovery, and baffling all attempts at trac. ing him. At intervals hoe had always disap peared during the night, the somnambulism appearing to continue for one or two days at a time. His mode of ingress has been de scribed; and I found, on carefully examining the passage, that while one end of it led down from the granary, as mentioned, the other led up at the back of a pannelling by a flfght of stops to the rooms above, into which he ob tained entrance by a sliding 'deal in the dark enclosure between rooms and gable. The man was about fifty-five, had resided in the district since childhood, .and became ac quainted with the secret passage in the course of some repairs, of which he alone had charge \-- secret ho'kept to himself. I afterwards learnt that he had gridoually awoke on his way home, probably from the disturbing in inuonces he had encountered; while the warn ing given him under his somnambulism had its effect. At the same time, needless to say, I had the secret passages firmly built up, so that no one might again be subjected, either to secret intrusion, or to those hours of sus. penso we underwent between the losing and inding of our-child. " " And thus ends my first experience of our country house.-W. S. in London Society. 