THE SALVATION ARMY ; ITS. PLACE ! AND POWER. ? '''? ? ' 1 SERMON BT BEV. JOSEPH NICHOLSON. On Sunday evening, July 29, the Rev. J. Nicholson, pursuant to announcement, delivered an address in the Wesleyan Church, Gawler, on 'The Salvation Army ; Its Place and Power.' His remarks were founded upon 1st Corin thians, 12th chapter, 4th to 6th verses— ' Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit. And there are differences ui. auuiuuBbraLums, uub cue same JUJru. And there are diversities of opinion, but it is the same God which worketh all in all. ' The speaker commenced his remarks by saying that the teaching of the chapter was that God was rich in gifts to the church, and that he was not confined to any 'one way in working. He knew what was in man, and he also knew the needs not only of the individuals, communities, nations, and of ages, and being a living God showed his interest in his people by supplying those needs. The history of the Church showed that God had ever raised up qualified agents to do his work. In the time of the Judges there were agents for his work ; later on, when his people were in distress, Nehemiah came from the Persian court, and Paul further down in the history, was chosen as the Apostle to the Gentiles. Still later down, after the closing of the sacred canou of the Scriptures, we recognise God as supplying the needs of his people, as instanced at the time of the Reforma tion, when Luther came forth to pro mulgate the doctrine — the just shall live by faith. In their own land the Jruntan tatners secured tne religious purity of England, and he need scarcely remind them of the Wesleys and Whitfield fired with apostolic zeaL They looked round to-day, and they found each section uf the church representing a principle had a mission, and was doing a work for which it was specially fitted. The reverend gentleman then went to explain the diversities of administration, and illus trates it by referring to the Apostles as— Paul was logical, John loving, Peter impetuous, and. Apoilos eloquent. Paul, when writing to the Corinthians, and reminding them of well-known fact*, spoke of their foolishness in preferring ona teacher to another, and so making parties in the church, and rebuked them for so doing, and reminded them that wherever Christ was acknowledged as the Lord the same spirit dwelt in the church— Christ being the Head, and they insmbers of his body. In speaking of the diversi ties of operation, he said that though the modes of working might be different, it was the same God working by the one spirit. They had ? this presented very clearly to them in God's method of work ing' among the churches, and now they were blest with the advent of simple minded, unlettered people, who were filled with the Holy Spirit. God worked by different methods ?; for example, they had a cultivated lady in the city preaching for an hour at a time, to the good of hundreds; and then these people, without preaching ; and he be lieved that scores had, and lie trusted hundreds would be saved through their means. The Apostle pointed out that as the members of the body were each dependent upon the others, and were mutually related; so in the church, one member supplied what another member lacked, and none could say of another, ' J have no need of thee. ' All were one in Christ, and if one suffered the rest suffered, and if one rejoiced the rest rejoiced too. Having thus laid down the principles underlying the text and chapter, the speaker went on to speak of the Salvation Array who had come into the town. He said they were a buni of earnest-working saved men and women. It was called an army because its govern ment was military. He then briefly alluded to General Booth, its founder, and described their modes of action, with the titles of their officers, and it was not necessary that they should approve of all tlieir proceedings, so long as they felt that the Spirit ,of God animated them. The question specially for their consideration was the place and power of this Army among Christian agencies. He thought that its place was to save the lapsed masses — the specially immoral and irre ligious. It was a sad fact that in every large town there were a great number who never went to church. The question iui«ut/ ue aa&eu;, now came mere to be a lapsad mass ? How was it that it existed I Some might say that the churches were culpable. But honestly, » in the sight of God, they could not say that it lay with the churches principally. It lay with the lapsed masses themselves. The churches had been open to them, and they knew mi che light but they would not come to it. The efforts of the church had been princi pally absorbed on itself, and hence a partial neglect. Then, too, the social and political changes that have been going on have tended to increase the growth of the lapsed masses, together with the short; hours of labor, the growth of scepticism, and the multiplied temptations to evil that were the characteristics of the present day. ij.no j.b *vao, me uuuiuuw uuuiu. not alto gether be excused, although they had done something with theircity missionaries, Bible women, and agencies, but the whole of the work was not a tithe of what might be done. Every church should be a working church for Christ. Even then there would be a lapsed mass so long as the sinner clung to his sins. The next question that lrose was how was it the Salvation Army were able to touch these masses more effectively than the churches ? Because cliey were aiming at one object— the ialvation of the open sinner, to resouethe -erishing, and because they appealed to me class and concentrated their efforts on them. Then their methods of working, vhich he did not altogether endorse, their lveiy nyinns, their sensatioaal posters, jlain speaking, and sometimes broad lumour, all tended to arrest the class they vere seeking. They must not forget :hat thare was another principle that uded — the class-feeling, or clanishness, if ae might so term it — that fellow-feeling chat makes us wondrous kind, as instanced iu the success of Father Taylor and the sailors, and many others. These men jame from the mass, and have tasted the oitteroeas of sin, and so as examples oan i '$**& ift ?«? t» fe* M9itnM ^ thy sinner. He did not say -that the Armf was useful only to that class, for it wa« the same God, the same Spirit he believed inalL Then with regard to its power, the speaker said that the secret lay in the fact that the officers were men and women full of the Holy Ghost— they wer« consecrated to God. It was not the power of intellect, nor was it earthly power or agenoy that they brought peni tento to God. It w« by the Spirit of God taking the weak things of the earth to confound the mighty. He thought the churches might learn a lesson from them. j.t wm oy ine dpint of ttod.that the Army succeeded, and as the churches recognised that truth, Jet them do their work iu dependence upon the Spirit There were many ways in which that power was dis played—that of love and sympathy, of organisation, tast, and self-dunial. H« prayed that Gcd would give to all the uuuituucb tne same power. They could get it. God never left his sheep with out pastors, teachers, and lerangeluts f»r the perfecting of his church. With reference to the duty of the church towards this new agency, he said that they should be recognised as co-workers, and the churches should co-operate wifch them as far as opportunity served. It appeared from the chapter they had read that every church had need of the other, and each had its special work, and the Army had a work to do which no one else could. They too eould do their own duty best. The Christian Church should first attend to its own affairs ; if not, then the body of Christ would languish. Then as opportunity occurred, what remaining strength they had should be given to help those God-honoring servants. He hoped he should not be misunderstood. God forbid that any spark of jealousy should creep in so long as souls were beiag. saved. It was the duty of the church to copy 4 their excellencies. Thoir prayerf illness, their zeal, their earnestness, their single* ness of aim, and their simple faith should win their admiration. While we should guard against their failings ; thay wer« only human, and consequently not perfect. Religion should not be a matter of mere emotion, therefore they should guard against extravagant sensationalism, for if the work was to be permanent it should not be mere enthusiasm. They should guard, too, against that censorious criti cism of the churchrs. which says they are to* respectable to sate the drunkards, and which he believed arose from a want of knowledge — those who uttered them perhaps never having entered a church. He was anxious that all should be true to their work and tru« to their Master, and trusted that his remarks would tend to knil their souls nearer together and nearer to Christ. 