MOTHS. TO THB EDITOR. Sib, — Tho. moths, about wiioao appoarnnpe m great numbers Mr. S. H. Wintle baa written a characteristic account, belong to the family ffcpialidm, and moBt probably to the typical genus Hcpialus, of whioh ono upeoies is well known in England under tho namo of tho ' Ghost-moth.' Tho larvto, or caterpillars, of; these moths livo underground and feed on the roots 6£ plants. They lira often turned up by tin 'miners in' stripping ' the ground to uncover tho wnsh dirfc, especially whore the spil is soft and moist. They are of a fleshy white colour, naked, save for. a few straggling haira, and . have a brown : horny head. Though found all through the colony (I captured' ono last week here inEnun ceston), they are most 'abundant in dense forests. Thoir sudden nppearanco in great numbors is to,' bo' accounted for by thb rain, after a long dry season^ softening the !Burfaoo of the soil, and thereby allowing tho pupaj, or ohryaalids, to work their way through to the sur, face. To enable thom to do thiB they aro pro vided with short spines ? round tho posterior, edge of eaoh segment whioh point towards tho tail, By a ' wriggling' :motion. of. i this body, they gradually push thoir way to the surface, tho apinea helping them to advanoo and pre onting any retrogression. Tho grubs so frequently found dead, with a fungus growing out of thom, aro in most casea those of this moth. —?:.-.:? ;. ? Tho well-known ' Wattle-moth,' whoso large grub is so destructive to wattle- trees, ia another ' member of thia family, but of another genus. - . . The genus : OiketicuSi ? mentioned, by.- Mr. Wintle, whbse larvaj live in cases 'rnade of twigs, etc, and are often found on eucalyptus and other bushoa, bolonga to quite another family. If Mr. Wintle had stepped outside his hut to listen, ho would probably have heard what I have noticed on several oocasions, viz., a tolerably loud and continuous humming noise, baused by the multitude of these moths.flying about during] and for somo time after twilight. —Yours, etc,, ENTOMOLOGIST/ :Lannoeston, 23rd 'May, 1883. ? ? 