Clharlewick. 'Very well. Meet me at Trafalgar Square, at ten o'clock precisely, on the north, side,' said Dingo, after a brief seasoi-'of reflection. 'I know you, Spanish Bob, and. I shall come prepared for treachery;. If.''ou inteiiid to play' ygames "on me 'you had :better think? twice ab6ft.it.' *' Am I likely to play games on you when I'm in your power? I shall' do my part in good faith-see that you do yours in.good, faith also. Dios / If you bring any of your. pals to witness the meeting, or overhear us, or:to catch sight ofhnm, you'll ru it! We'll imeet in the shado?w mind that, and I shall come dissuised. You won't. make much if you attempt to have your pals riecognize me.' Dinigo protested that he should act in goud faith, and after some further conversation lie arose to take his leave. He unlocked `the dobr and was standiing near it, i lien it opened abruptly and Lord Clair en'ered the room, SHe halted at the threshold, and stared from the earl to Dingo in startled surprise. The earl thrned livid and stood speechless. 'That' drunken .wretchl here !.' cried the baron. 'He has absolfutely tracked you home, Charlewick. Let me suimmon tihe sei-' vants-the. police.' ' Don't disturb yourself, sir,' said:' Dingo, ironically. ' I an't a doin' of no harm. I'm .only an old' valet of his lordship's'as he'had in foreign parts and he didn't know me at first when we met io' Piccadilly.' !But you called'hliim Spanish Bob,' said the baron, reflectively. ' Which 'I' iask "hliis lordship's pardon for being so di'respectful,;' said Dingo, with' a rteekness which stin'uck Lord "Clair' as ext 'tremely suspicious. ' I was in liquor, or I should have been incapable of such language. Good-morning my lords; with, rmy humble duty"' -He bowed lvowto the eairl and the' baron with a humility which seemed to partake of mockery, and then, crumpling his greasy cap in his hands, and with a broad, unpleasing smile on his sminister,? visage, he sidled out of the room and was gone. ' A durious person, Chairlewick;' said the baron, smoothly ; ' looks like a house-breaker or some such' lawless person, I should say. And so he was a valet of yous ? In what part of the world, may I ask,. was hlie your valet ?' ' In South America,' replied Charlewick, yawning. 'Odd thAat, iyou, didn't recognize your old servant in Piccadilly, elh, Charlewick?' 'Not at all,' said the earl,. in a tone of sulpreme indiflerence. ' He's changed for. the worse since I employed him. He was a de cent servant, temperate,. respectable,' and honest, but he's been a sailor sinde, he. tells me, and has-learned bad habits and is poor. He begged me to take him .into my service again, but that is impossible.' ' Clearly so,' assented Lord Clair. '.Odd, though, that hlie called lis former master by 'the low and familiar title of Spanish Bob ! And odd too that he called you his old 'pal.' Deuced odd, Charlewick !' The earl walked away to the windosw shrtig ging his shoulders. There was a dark and ugly look on his swarthy faqd Which 'the smooth and smiling baron did not 'fail to mark.':'. ' I suppose that you heard the- fellow's apology that.he was in liquor at the moment of so accbosting rme,'' said ' the earl, with smothered annoyance. 'Yes, I heard,' said Lord Clair, calmily. ' I don't care to pry into y' ur private business, Charlewick, buit I have a right to kin?ow sme thting of your past life, sdeing that you?i expect to marry my daughter, you know; I'm not too. particular, Heaven knows. Your title and wealth w'ill cover a 'multitude of sins. Butnmy'curiosity is aroused. You disappeared mysteriously in ' the night, twenty years ago, were absent full twenty years, and re-appeared as mysteriously as you wet. s You say you spent all thos, years.in 'South America, but youil don't say where or how.: Until this morning I have seen no onewho ever met you during those twenty years, but suddenly crops up bythe merest accidenit a' hang-dog looking fellow, with a visage that ought to hang hinm, and hails you as " Spanish Bob" and 'old pal:" And at sighlit'dof the 'fellow you glare as upon a ghost of a smaa ydia had murdered ! I see that your 'twenty years' absence has its mystery.': 5,'Nonsense,'said the rear), harshly. ' If you choose to set aside, myexplaniation for some rb'idahtic tlie?ry ofyour own, you can do:so, buit'I sh.ll adhere to my original statements.'. ' Naturally,'said Lord Clair,;dryly:. ' What else ca?i you do'?. Strange that the manwas not taken to the station-house. I woaider.how he escaped the policeman.' ' Your return so soon was.unexpected, said the earl changiig the siubject 'abriuptly. ' Yoiu said }ou should iot returit u'ntil late ii the afternioon . ' Yes ? I remember; but I, concluded to return, and askc you to ,accompany me. I bhpe ny. 'return 'was :not inopportune,' le added, maliciously, 'and that.I did not intert rfupt your initerview withiMr1>"fMr.Jim Dinigo \- is hnot ltat liis naiie ?' - The. earl's swvari face flushed yet more angrily, but he;forced. hiinself to answer, though 'vitli a scant courtesy indeed. \- rheibaron made no. further allusions to the eara's formei" valet,".but it is not to be supposed that, though :his tongue was silent, the subject vas cast out from his thodglhts. 'T10the contrary-the less ihe said the niore active w isa his minid. He iivited Lord Char lewick to' accomiiiany him uiponI his tour of visits, atid the earl complied. They ?m'tde various fruitless visits before two o'clock of the afternoon, iand Cliariewick then withdresw himself from hIis companion: an?l madde'li.s way alone to the Strand and to the banking- house of Coutts and Company. He dreieva thousanid pounfds ifn Banks of Englaind niotes in ai ieat packet, thrust it into an innerilsocket- of Iis coat, anid omoodily retuined t?o thd Alexandra Hotel. Lord Claii rejoined him fi tlhe coffee room. of the hotfl about seven 6 clock, iid the tue dined together. SI've founid no trace of Hellene,' said the baron, devotinig himiself withli ndiminished 'appetite td hi'sdin'iier. ' No dute lias seeti her I've beent s'fved" witlr if leg al paipeirs yet, and I thsink,'Charlewick, "that Hellene desires to avoid notoriety, and seeks first to phice heiself under the matronly care of somd lady svliose very;name will. be an effectual guard to iher against scandal. The season is drawing to a close. I find maniy fashionable' people already gone into the country, and I'm persuaded that Hellene is already out of town ; so sure am I of this thatt I shall visit all the railway stations in the morning.' Of course Hellen'e&vould; be disguised.'. He devoured his mayonnaise with the relish of: a gourmfet. ''The fat baron was devoted to the gratificatidon ofhis senses, and tfio'st especially to tlhat of the palate, and no anxiety for the welfare of his daughter or his own 'pecuniaryiprospects, as affected by her proceedings, could seriously affect his appetite. ' Yes, she would be disguised," said the earl absently. ' SWe might go up to the NorthiWesterni station this evening, suggested Lord Clair. 'Suppose. we order ia cab aid goi up after dinner.?' ' Impossible.: I. am not at liberty-that.is, I have a call to.make this ev-ening.' ' Anm, engagemenit, eh ?: Not with Mr. Jim Dingo ? reminarked, the baron; jocularly. The words ''struck, home:. "Charlewick's siudden 'start betraiyed that hlis. confederate had'hit'the truth 'at the first fire. 'You seem :unable to get Mr. Dingo.otitof your 'head, 'Clair,' said the earl, savagely. 'Be good enough not to mention him 'again tome' ' Charleivmck arose and stalked away gloom ily, his dinner unfinished, and the baron saw: him no more that evening. No race between Largan and Trickett on Saturday. Largan forfeited. The old lion has teeth yet. On the visit. of: the' Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse to the Lake Conda Mission Station, the Bishop laid the foundation-stone of the new.mission church.., In the absence of. a silver trowel,:an aboriginal handed his lordship one cut out of wood, skiltullycarved by the -donor (the design being a cross, a crown surmounting it, and seven stars), with the request thot the Bishop would be pleased to accept it in lieu of a better. In reply, his lordship said he had received many trowels of various'kinds, but none so simple as that, yet he hoped they would believe him 'when he said that none would be more highly pirized by him than that just presented... Another remarkable case of prosecution under the Vagrant Act in. Sydney. A:'map with a boarding-house charged with having no lawful visible means of support. How mYist the boarders fare, if' the proprietor be in that condition ? ' Railway Department of Victorias has in vited tenders for 300 sets of 'conitinuous breaks. :In ?88 only 5532 out of 'i9,000 females in Victoria ready to be married entered the bonds of matrimony. " ' . Mdre Humbug.- Certainm'inefi should lhave office because they have d6one the party ser vice, says Mr. Buchanan. ' Is it the party for the country, or the country for the party ? That testimonial, so acceptable at the time, seems likely to be a thorn in the Farnell flesh now. : Mr. M'Elhone will not become a Minister, because Ministers become defiled. Surely that is a remarkable confession of a capability for. becoming defiled. Floods everywhere. The Darling and the Richmond and the Danube and. the Rhine filled full or overflowing. Engl"aid add France cannot come to an understinding about Egypt. *It would have been easier had France acted, not skulked, a while ago. The British force now in Zululand will stay to 'bolster up Cetewayno's throine. Strange ! A.year or two ago British forces, were em ployed in knockiig it down. In '83i the idea of two steamers finding employmnernt on our coast was coinsidered preposterous. Ivo. Bligh and Co gone to LIaunceston: They will tame the pride of the kangaroo again now. SOur deparf'inmenit at Amsterdam will 'be 30 feet high. That will give space for the tallest coal seams. - Mr. Speaker h-s already shown his author ity and his laudable determiniation to judici ously exercise it. The escort, which left Braidwood on Fri day morninig for _Goulburn, li-ad under its charge 398 ozs. 8 dvwts. 9 grs., of which 237 o'zs. a dwts. 5 grs. are the produce of diggings in the immeoliate vicinity of Braidwood, while Araluen sends 16 oz. 6 dwts. r4 grs. This may be looked upon as a more than average return, when it is considered that theChrist hrimas holidays have induced so many ,hard working miners: to have a spell. . The following are the Carcoar land revenue returns for the quarter ending 31st December, 188? :-Conditional purchases, £1219 I6s J sales by auction, £-a5 24s 9d; selections after auction, £49 15s; church and school land leases, £782 2,ss 9d' pre- emptive £52 s 6d4G, timber licenise, .z £ Coirt 'of' Petty Sessions---cash from 'all sources, £53 7s5dd; total, £2286 os 7d. Loid William-Berestord !has been astonishi ing the people of Simla by his extraordinary feats of horsemanship nAmongst other things he managed a team of six 'amnd. ran them against four, each driven b? two other gentle men. Mr Justice Page, w known hanging judge, on being asked after his, health as he was coming out of court, ariswered," Pretty well; you see I keep just hanging on--hang ing on." <Henry Irvinig thme faishioniable iiragedian, litely g-tve -t dininei, to whichi he invit d in-my profession-il talkers, and H. M. Stanley, the intrepid Africrni explorer. The protes sionals each arrived with a copious assort ment of impromptus. Their suppressed feel' ings .may be insagined when Mr. Stanley began talking of'" his travels with the soup, and continued, without: one single flash of silence until the party broke up. •A-sailor in the congregation, thinking the lreacher was too slow in making his point, shouted', "'Coine, sir, ctowd a little more saiil there."-: The preacher .plesantly replied, <,I will as soon as I hive weathered this poit" The sailo;:and the coingregation smiled satis faction. A merchant whose time for the past year has been so much taken tip that he has beeit uunable to remain at ihaome except, at, meal time. concluded to take a.?vacation: , A'frie'id asked him where he intended to go,and he said he thought he would go hoise iod get acquainted with his family. , , The French newspapers announce that counterfeit Bank of England notes for large' iLetters sometimes go astray irniosmt'extra. oirdinary: manner, but it is seldom that we hear of a: letter reaching Victoria, whilst being transmitted from Liverpool to Kensing ton. .Such is however, a fact. By the last English inail a Daylesford. resident received a newspaper, and .onopening it found, to his surprise, a letter addressed to Keinsington withini its, folds It was not ':star?ped wit; any post-mark,. and must, theretore; in the Livierp6ol office, lihave got miixed with the newspaper, with th'e result that it came out to Australia:.' The letter`' has onily take??n a short tripij of 17,000 miles, and having been handed over to the local postmastet (Mr. Reed) will be sent back iat once. It .will then liave taken three months. to reach Kensington' from Liverpool. It is tobe hdped that? it is not important . - -, - 1"here is a'reverend.miser at Auckland, the Rev. W. Com'rie. Has lived for ?40 years i one house,:lends money, and: hisrbeeni living in want, filth, and;squalor.'Has:tian enormorls fortune.' " ' At Montrbse,: Scotland, James White, a btitcher, killed his wife and his imothei-in-lawv with an axe, and then-jumped from the Sus penision Bridge into the Esk, 6 fti but was rescued. 'Insane. '. _. Colour Sergeant Henr?y Millsof theChe ter Militia;, lately?committed suicide by getting his little son,. a child under sevei? .to.ull tihe trigger of a rifle the muzle of whichie placed to his side.:, Massie lately towi clerk of Dunedin, and his wVife, have been -arrested, charged, withi stealing waterworks debenitures.to.. the value of -?33,ooo000., : It is alleged that Massie, some years ago, obtained the May?r' signat'iure to what he called duplicaite debenturies, aind sold them at Melbourhe: The:Bank of New Zealand in London discovered the irregt larity. rT'he prisoners were remanded , for a week. An audacious robbery of -`jo worth of diamonds h'ts beerncommitted in ;London. A fashionable thief went to Messrs.:Wilby's and said that Attenborougif, of the' Strand, wanted the diamonds for a inew shop. ' An assisant was.. sent with him, andfrom'ra cab saw the thief gointo Attenborough's,?italke off his hat, and go behind tlie counter. He reportedallright. 