Regalia of tlie Russian Empire. The regalia of Russia is perhaps unequalled, not only for its richness and splendour, but for the unique aud curious objects which it represents. To commence with the crowns, we may notice that the Imperial head ensign resembles in outline the dome shape of a patriarchal mitre. On its snmmit Is a cross formed of five magnificent diamonds, supported by a large uncut but polished ruby. Eleven diamonds, in the shape of a foliated arch, rising from the front and back of the crown, support the ruby and Die cross, and on eitner side ot tne central arcn, a noop, consisting or 38 perfect pearls, imparts to the whole structure the appear ance of a mitre, typical of the ecclesiastical supremacy of the Emperor. The spaces on either side of the arches are filled with ornamental silver work, studded with diamonds, and are underlaid with purple velvet. The band in which the arches rest, and which encircles the head of the Czar, contains 28 large diamonds. The coronet of the Empress is one mass of diamonds; more than one hundred, of exquisite brilliancy, are blended with much artistic taste. Both these crowns are similar in arrangement to the crown of Austria. The ornamentation of the Emperor's crown shows a somewhat more elaborate design than the crown of the Empress, having an ornament of laurel leaves ?and palm branches in front. This crown was made in the time of Catherine the Second, and used, for the first time, at the coronation of her son, the' Emperor Paul. The tributary crowns in the Imperial Treasury, which are exhibited on State occasions, are of singular interest, and ehow how gradually but surely the Russian dominions have extended. The crown styled erroneously that of 'Vladimia Monomachus is, perhaps, the most interesting in historic interest. It was sent by Alexis Comnenus as a present, and is of Greek workmanship, in gold filigree, surmounted by a cross of the same material, enriched with precious Btoncs. It was used at the coronation of the Russian sovereigns to the reigns of the Czars John and 'Peter Alexievitch. Another crown of Yladimir Monomachus iB of polished gold, but less enriched than the other. The crown of Kazan is of oriental workmanship, open and adorned with a large number of turquoises and other precious gems. The crown of Astracan is of gold, richly decorated, and surmounted by a large emerald, uncut, with other rich jewels. The crown of the Czar John Alexievitch is surmounted by a cross, and ornamented with eagles and various designs of diamonds, to the number of 8S1. On the cross is a rubv, uncut, of large size. The Crown of Peter the Great is similar in design to the last, and has 847 diamonds, with a great ruby. The crown of Catherine I. differs in its form from all those mentioned. It is surmounted by a cross, and is of open work, enriched with 253G diamonds, and numerous other precious stones, amongst which are some that adorned the sceptre of Peter the Great. The crown of Georgia is Bomewhat similar to the last. The crown of Poland is, as it should be, plain —simply gold unadorned. It was made for the Empress Anne, and is a copy of the imperial crown of Russia, with some modifications. The crown of Finland was added to the imperial arms after the peace of Frederickshavn in 1809. There are altogether eight crowns of provinces conquered at various times, and joined to the Empire, including the crown of Siberia, that of the Crimea, &c.; The crowns taken from Tartar princes have the form of a dome-shaped cap. There are four thrones of remarkable interest in connection with the Russian regalia, the ancient seats of the investiture of the Czars, and three other chairs. The most curious of these is more properly a stool, presented by Shah Abbas, of Persia, to the Czar Boris Godunow in 1605. It is so covered with sheets of gold as to appear of massive metal, and it is also richly decorated with pearls and precious stones. This stool, or throne, h«s no back to it. The second seat is called the ' golden throne,' and is in the form of a high backed arm-chair. It is enriched with 1500 rubies, 5000 turquoises, two large topazes, and four rare amethysts. This costly seat dates from the time of the grandfather of Peter the Great, Michael Feodorovitch. The third, which is, properly speaking, the Emperor's throne, is popularly called the ' diamond throne.' It is covered with pearls and Erecious stones, and was presented to (he Czar Alexis lichaelovitch, father of Peter the Great, in 1660. On the back of the chair is the following inscription : ' For the powerful and most invincible Alexis, Emperor of the Mus covites, who reigns prosperously on earth. May the throne which is built with the greatest art and most refined skill be a pledge to him of heavenly and earthly bliss.' An ivory throne was brought from Greece in 1472 by the Czarina Sophia Paleologus, spouse of Ivan III. The sculptures on this represent the legend of Orpheus, Leda, gods, and marine animals. The work is Asiatic-Greek. Four lions support the feet. Some figures in bas-relief were damaged, but restored in 1642 ; and the throne was placed in thorough repair in 1856 for the coronation of the late Emperor. t The Imperial orb or globe is 6nrmounted by a cross, the work of the 17th century. It is of gold, and enriched with 58 diamonds, SO rubies, 23 sapphires, 50 emeralds, and 37 large pearls. The surface of the orb is decorated with enamels, representing scenes in the life of King David. In the space between these pictures are figures of symbolic animals. A globe or orb of the Czar Alexis Rom inoff (1662) is covered with gems on a green enamelled ground. It is said to have been made at Constantinople by a jeweller named Ivan Jonrier, who was paid for the workmanship a sum equal to £1580. The orb of Peter the Great is of gold, crowned with a silver cross. The sceptre of 'Vladimir Monomachus is of Greek work manship, dating from the commencement of the 12th cen tury. It has 208 diamonds, 360 rubies, and 15 emeralds. Upon it are enamels representing the Annunciation, the Nativity, the Adoration of the Wise Men, the Purification, the Transfiguration, the Resurrection of Lazarus, the Cru cifixicgi, the Entry into Jerusalem, the Incredulity of St. Thomas, the Resurrection, the Ascension, and the Holy Ghost. The sceptre of the Czar John Alexievitch resembles in shape the last. It is surmounted by an eagle with two heads and with a cross, enriched with many precious stones. It was made in 1682, at the same time as the crown of that monarch. The sceptre of the last King of Poland is of ultramarine, mounted in gold, and was deposited in the Treasury in 1789, on the death of King Stanislaus. The sceptre of George Prince of Georgia, is ot gold, green ename led, eurinhod with precious stones, and surmounted by an eagle. The Imperial sceptre is surmounted by the great Orloff diamond, which became the property of the Crown in the reign of Catherine II. The stone weighs upwards of 19$ carats. It has, however, a small flaw a little way from one ot its edges, and a slight black stain in another part. In other respects it is a magnificent jewel. The crosses which form a remarkable feature in the Russian regalia, are of singular richness and historical interest. One of amber, sculptured, was presented to the Patriarch Philaretus, by John, Duke of Courland, in 1621. Thejcross given to the Czar Michael Romanoff by the city of Kostroma, and another cross ot the same prince enriched with precious stones and enamels. The grand cross, called ' Greek,' is thus mentioned in the registers of the Russian Treasury : 'In the year 1658, the 11th of June, in the golden hall of the Grand Seignior, Czar, mid Grand Prince, Alexis Michaelovitch was introduced to the Greek of Czargrad (Constantinople), Ivan Anastasfeov, who offered him a large golden cross enriched with diamonds, emeralds, and rubies, valued at 949 roubles ; the gold cross said to be Greek, is enriched with enamels and diamonds; also, with three pearls of Roormuz, and three emeralds pierced. Under the cross are two pierced emeralds.' These crosses of Indian wood are adorned with enamels and precious stones, dating from the time ot the Czar Michael. The cross called the 41 livingj' sent in 988 to St. Vladimir by Basil and Constantine, has remained since the 17th century in the Cathedral of the Annunciation at Moscow, hut the gold chain attached to it is in the Treasury. Connected with the regalia there is a very considerable amount of costly gold chains of great richness and beauty, adorned with precious stones and enamels. One of them, that belonged to the Czar Michael Feodorovitch, has 88 flat golden rings, on which are engraved the titles of the prince, and a prayer to the Holy Trinity. Of two chains of the Czar Feodor Alexievitch, 'one has 24 enamels, bordered with 700 fine pearls. The other has two enamelled rosettes decorated with rubies and pearls. The banquet dishes and plateB in the Treasury exceed 16 hundred, in gold, silver, jasper, rock crystal, &c.; ; many are of exquisite workman ship, adorned with enamels and precious stones. Ths bratina, or 14 loving cup,' makes the round of the table at the Imperial banquets. This cup bears the inscription, 'Drink to health.' The Treasury contains nearly 400 vases, chiefly of olden date, most of which are mounted in gold aad enriched with precious stones. Such are some of the riches of the Russian regalia ; but to enumerate the whole of the objects, curious, and of in trinsic value, which -are inclosed in the Treasury of the Kremlin, would fill a volume of very ample dimensions. 