..DERELICTS. J (By ci "Seafarer," in the Lindon Telegraph.") I scarcely know ntl object fuller or peculiar sadness, or, ai all" events, mote suggestive of melancholy, than th« abandoned veasbl met far out at sea. The mind lends all ttt it it has of imagination to it, and the wrecked and sodden j fabric appeals to tho sympathy with the force of a living thing, maimed and (tying. I hnvo passed such an object in tho clear moonlight, whên no land has been nearer than a thousand milos, when'tbs'white fires'of tho luminary, trembling iu tim wrinkled ocean, have touched tho mutilated masts, the deop and motionless hull, until the deserted craft has' stood out against tho gush of pearly light behind like tho phantom of a ship, fha veriest mockery of something that was* once beautiful and j proud; and the spectral appearance was all the more ste.rt liug, because, on ei(her hand df tho moon's glorious silver I wake, the wuter lay dark, and ono saw nothing until tha wreck came into tho clear stream, and then one could seo it j plain whilst it passed into the dimness beyond, and melted, ghost-like, in the gloom of the softly-moving atmosphere. 1 have also passed such au object when it has seemed to leap close aboard out of the tuickness of a g".Ie of wind before which our ship was sweeping under retftd topsails and foresail, with an albatross in our wafee uttering its strange cries ss it stooped to the seething and biasing hollows in search of whatever the mighty share of our keel had ploughed up out of the yeasty green, lt was a wilder night than the other, in spite" of tho weirdness which night aud moonshine and calm wiil give to ocean things ; for sile struck the sight on a sudden, coming out ol tho mist aud sleet with n bound, full-formed, and making; tho water roar in hursts of white Biuoko over her n's sh< heeled on the gigantic, fold, and offered the fiat of her decki to tho blow of tho followiug surge. She was a thousand* ton ship, with the jagged stutup3 of what had once been towering masts standing up for ihe height of a man, aud every now and again a sea would catch her before sbo coulct slant her s;do to tba onrush uni overwhelm her in a hug« glass-clear arch, whoso base on the (coward side wa^ a fury and wilderness of fr.dh ; and then you would seo hot crush her black length out of it, beaten blind, and tba white wafer on her cocks Hashing nit Mice snow before a, whirlwind, until a long springing rush of our pursing ship brought tho curtain of spume and sleet ¡iud rain between her and us, and out she wont like a breath upon a looking glass. Such sights are familiar enough. Sailors, on fha whole, do not i-es much of interest or pathos iu them. " Tell ye what it in, mato," is tho cry ; " 'taint enough that tho sea's full of shoals and hurricanes, and that we've /cot to toko our chanel along with shifting cargóos mid the likes of such messes { blowod now if tho ocean »int a smother of wreckage, and to] koop a proper look-out 'ud take ull bands in a lump on fhn, fo'kslo head, ono to look uloir, and another to look astarn,, mid others lo k-xp their sight fi.ved abeam, «nd the smartest eyes in tho wessel to walch tho water ahead for what the papers call ' dirilieks.' " Well, perhaps lhere is not much pathos in an object you may run down and founder along- side of ; still there may be a little too much of beef imd bis« cuit in Jack's views of things ; and it will not do to reckon that all that is worth seeing and understanding niaji be got at by squinting through the hawse-pipes. A, certain class of sailor may laugh ut mo for saying it/ I and welcome ; but HIV uottou is that there is almost nothing more touching than au abandoned vessel-nothing that, being inanimate, uppeulR moro to tho feelings. How can a mau pa.is ono of tiieso storm-tossed or teuipest-brokon. fabrics wiitvmt his mimi falling to work to construct a. theatre of it tor tho suiferings it momoriaUuos '( Look nt ¡ that fragment of boat hanging nt the davits ; if. was tho last I of thom, and, when the heavy s-\i that half swullowel the vo.-sel smashed it into staves and lett nothing but the keel of it hanging by tho falls, the crow know that their only chance now lay in a vossel passing aud faking pity Upon thom and rescuing thom, t ho water in fiush with tho maia hutch, moiling but tte tituber in her hold keeps, her üfloit, thcro is no food to bo bad, no water ta como at ; the mizzen top alfords a last refuge, for every sea on deck will have ita victim, sweeping one overboard, crushing another's ribs, until, black with bruises, and soa'ted to the skin, mid chilled to tho marrow, with scarce anything of feeling in their irost-bkleu lingers aud in their' imus exhausted by bitter bmg spcli.s at thu pumps, tha bioken-hcaried survivors clamber aloft and there lash, themselves or chug huddling together, with a waste of wildly-rushing wat ira around them, u thousand milos out at Bea, the darkness nt night coming on, and not n star; throughout the long term of blankness to win their thoughts to tho lïyo that looks down in pity on these poor sailors. 'Diere is no fancifulness in all this. You may linger in an old ruin and vitalUo every slouo of it with the memory of its history, and then find out that much of the romaneo that delighted you is owing to tho lino frenzy of tho poet. You may look at u suitor mail and thiu^of nu diaavnl times,,' and Kiehr.rd I. und tue Saracens, and then discover that it was in.'.uut act tired a tow years ugo at Lirtuinghaui. But tho pathos, thu meaning, tho poetry, the story of fha abarulouol ship wallowing sluggishly and "drowning slowly ia niid-occah owe nothing to invention, 'lou, often imagination cannot approach tho trulh. "Why, such thiugd have happened aboard some of (.host wrecked vessels which shipmasters report nu having sighted, and as lying right in tho way of navigation, thai tho .stoutest-hearted man might recoil from contemplai ion: of thom, f remember once hearing or an abandoned bria having been boarded, nod there was lound, securely lashed! io ibo foot of tao stump of tho mainmast, the body of g woman holding a biby lober hrcasr. The wonderful lovj ol' thc mother was Hover stronger than in elf nth. Tho sea-, m-n endeavoured tu remove tho child .in order ta. cast the lashings which bound tho women adrift, but tho lifeless arms clasped tho lufatit te. the dead heart like hands of steel. Tor many' it day, as jr, was but too surely uuderstood, hadf llv.so two ligures floated upon tho dock of that derelict. When life had ceased in them tho rough sailors could 110Ç imagine; but tell me nt any picture mora liked y to huun( the imagination longer, than this floating tomb, with u mother's love triumphingover the storms and surges of tba deep-nye, and over Poach himself, the «un rising to make tl horror of it, and the night descending to mulei a mystery of it; and by day or nigh val ways the same unspeakable] loneliness,; whilst tho oc a:i ,iir sigas over that spectacle ol woman's love, and Ike witter sobs hf unjtstde. 