MAX UANDEH'S WJLD TIGER BY MAitfUEW WHITE, JCN. I didn't like that little French vil J»gft. Tbsd aud I were at our wit's tod to fmd Horuethiug to amut»e our selves. There wasn't any river to row »u, uor auy IriHu to climb, and Dot 8 ftiugle persou wo could talk to out of tli« f-nuily. Then vou sort of felt as if you were a lunatic in an a&\ ln;n ; for instead of fences, every- bouse La3 a bigb stone svall round it ; thai is every bouse . except the oue where we bearded, vrhicb waa surrounded by an iron railing, with the bar* just far enough apart to make it lo)k like a cage in a menagerie. At teaet this in what Tbsd said it reminded him of, and BOinetimea I use! to see him tearing up and down LeLiud it, playing he nan an African lion. I didn't tell him it was aiily, because once in a while I turned panther myself. It was an awful poky town. About three times every day Thad and I used to beg fa her to go some where else, but he always said, * Have patience, boys.' I wonder if anybody ever counted the number of times fathers aud mothers say, * Have patience ?' If i-'a as tiresome to say as it ia to listen to, I feel sorry for them. Well, one morning when they both were out driving, and the landlady had gone to market, and there was nobody at home but the French cook and us boys, I was that sorry for Thad, not to mention how awfully dull I was myself, that I felt I must do something. So I calld Thad downstairs, and told him I'd invent a new play for him . 4 We can use the fence just the same for a cage,' I explained, ' and you're iu uc a Ligoi a accpci 19 irviug iv tame I'll be the keeper, and at first you must snap at the bars ; and at first you must snap at me through the bars ; but 1'li look you straight in. the eye all the time, and then all of a sudden I'll open the door, rush into toe cage, and you'll be tamed.' That said that would be fun, and then got father's cane and we both went out into the front yard. Hardly any body ever walked on the street, so I wasn't afraid of being interrupted. I went outside, shutting the gate, behind me, and Thad having curled himself up close to the railing, preten ding to be asleep, I began operations by poking him with my stick. At first be onlv save a low erowl (I wasn't sure whether tigers growled or howled, but I told him a growl would do) ; but when the cane slipped and tickled him under the arm, he j jumped up, and neither growled nor howled, but screamed, until I was obliged to remind him that he wasn't a wiid cat. 4 But tickling's not fair,' be cried, Slili squirming a little. * All right/ X answered, beginning my taming operations, and keeping my eye on him in a way that I really think began to frighten him. Then he started racing up and down inside the fence, I after him on the outbide, until we were both out of breath, and then be stood still and snapped at roe between the bars. We were right by the gate, and while he had his head out, pretending to gnaw my stick, I suddenly let go of it, and slipping through the gateway, rushed up behind him before you could say 4 Jack Robinson.' 'Now you must turn around, and we'll look at each other for a minute, and then you'll give in,' I cried, making beiieve tccrowd into a corner of the cage. * But I can't turn round,' exclaimed Thad * I can't get my head out.' 4 Why, how did you set it in, then ?' I replied, stepping up to examine into matteis. 4 Twist it the other way.' Thad thereupon obediently gave a fresh tug, but all in vain ; bis head re mained stuck between the bars like a cow's in the patent stalls. I was scared then, and never thinking about tigers, took him by the neck, and tried my best to get him free ; but I couldn't. Then he set up a very un beastiike yell, which brought the French cook out of the house, with a bunch of garlic in her hand. When she saw what bad happened, dub bureauieu muuer iuau x uau. a. tie noise they both made together was something frightfvi, while I ran first one side of the fence, then the other, wondering dismally if we'd have to live in that town always because Thad couldn't get his he?d out. If we'd had any neighbors except a deaf old man, a woman who never left her bed, and two young men who went to work three miles away, I suppose we'd soon have had a crowd around us, but a8 it was, nobody appeared l-ut a little girl with a bunk of bread, the sight of which caused Thad to stop hollowing, and declare that we must bring him something to do. When I had opened and shut my month several times, pointing my finger down it and then at Thad, the cook comprehended what was wanted, and rushing outside of the fence, put that bunch of garlic right under civ brot bar's nose. 4 Pah !' be exclaimed, and wrenched his bead back so suddenly that I half expected to see both his ears drop off. 4 Ob, dear,' I groaned, * if he can't free himself with such a jerk as that we can never get him out at all.' Then recollecting that Thad hnted the smell of garlic as much as I did, and eeeing that tbe cook was still trying to feed him with it, I motioned sternly towards the house, and ordered her to ' departez,' which wasn't hard to say, as yon just take t-n English word and put a little French end to it. She understood me at once, and seemed to feel quite insulted, for she walked straight bask to the kitchen, slamming tbe gate after her. The next minute somebody slapped me on tbe bhoulder, and turning, I jumped as if I bad seen a ghost, for it was Thad, and I was at least five feet from tbe fence. You see, when tht gate was open the space between those two particular bars was a little smaller than when it was shut. Thad and I might have remained in that pickle for any length of time, he screaming at tbe top of hie voice, and I dancing around him in agony. Wbo know6 ho«r long it would have taken us to find out that all we had to do was to uuut the. gate, if that woman hadn't got road *od . given it such an awful elani ? — Harper 'a Young People. .. Jfoursvucee ors^were monkeys th-jyconldn* have b*en ignorant. Tucy all revelled in tbe higher branches. Home men psy attention who never pay anything else. Dd world don't owe nobody nuffln. _ De man -Jat 'spects to pel 'Icjug aii'liev sunthiu to tat, an' a place to live, b-z got to bounce tfaun'. uu' let de world unierstau' dat he's on d j git ! A. B. ia a lady's diploma means, ' after bachelors.' Three roo9t difficult things are— to keep a secret, to ft»rj.et un injury, aud to make good use ol leisure. 