THE REAL CAUSE OF ROMANISM IN THECHURCU OF ENGLAND. Certainly; the cause ' of Evangelical truth in the Church of England. was never so ' assailed -and endangered. In. many churches 'the confessional, the altar 'ser- vices, the priestly vestments, the use of incense, crosses, paintings, 1 and other Romish ordinances are openly' adopted. The Romanizing clergy constitute a powerful body, united together with the avowed intention of extirpating Protes tant . -principles and ministers . from the Church. Eo less .than eleven hundred clergymen a few years ago petitioned for union between the Church of England and that of Rome! The Romanizing ministers constantly affirm that. they, are' bound by their ordi nation vows to observe the ordinances of the. Prayer Book, and that these ordi nances .prescribe the sacerdotal services of. the Roman Church. The ostensible origin of the Tractarian movement was the desire to revive the ordinances and forms of the Prayer Book, and under the ..sanction and authority of these forms, the movement has increased, in opposition ! to episcopal censures, the remonstrances of the people, 'aud to the earnest addresses, i and exhortations of the Evangelical clergy. It is, thoreforo, in the highest. degree: neceBBary for the maintenance of Gospel1 truth to ascertain by calm and unpreju diced inquiry, how far the progress' of Romanising may be caused or sanctioned by the forms and ordinances of the' Church. The Romanizing clergy allege that in the Prayer Book they are generally de nominated Priests, and that in assuming the vestments of the Romish Priesthood they act in conformity with the following prescription : — " Sueh ornaments of the Church and of the ministers thereof shall be retained and be in use as were in this Church of England in the second year of King Edward VI." They affirm that at that period cruci fixes, pictures, candlesticks, and other ornaments of the altar were in use, and that ministers wore the copes, chasubles, aud other dresses of the Romish Priest hood. They allege that their priesthood is the same in office and authority as that of the Church of Rome, and that it was con ferred upon them by the Bishop in the form used by the Papal Church " Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thoui dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they are re tained." — The Ordering of Priests. The form in which they are directed to exercise this priestly power of absolution; in the case of sick persons is affirmed to be similar to that used by the Church of Rome: — " The Priest shall absolve him if he humbly desire it, after this sort: " Our Lord .lesus Christ,1 who hath left power ito His Church to absolve i all ' sin ners1 who truly repent and believe. in him, of. his great mercy forgive thee thine offences, and by his authority committed to me I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name, fyc."— Visitation of the Sick.' The real presence of Christ's body and 'blood in the Lord's Supper, and the doc trine that all children, are spiritually re generated in and by their baptism, a.re isaid to be taught in such passages as the. following : — ;" The body and blood of Christ, which are verily and indeed taken and received 1 by the; faithful in the Lord's Supper." — Catechism. . " Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren; that this child is regenerate." ! " ;We yield thee hearty thanks,, most 1 merciful; Father,' that it hath pleased thee to regenerate ; this infant 'with thy: Holy Sp\Tit"—BaptismofInfants The - acknowledgment of the Romish Church as catholic, and of the validity of its priesthood, as well as the repudiation ' of all Protestant Churches a,s schismatical : and 'excommunicated,' are said to be justi fied 'by the law of the Established Church i which prescribes that Roman , Catholic i Priests'are to be admitted to/its ministry j and'beheficesi without being' ro-brdairied ; ' hilt 'that the' ministers of all Presbyterian, i Congregational;'1! or " other '1 Protestant ' Churches -must .receive' episcopal 'ordina- 1 tibn ' before' they ban be admitted', to the. ; ministry of the Establishbd Church! - The Cation S also declare 'that— : "Whosoever shall affirm; that he may not approve, use, and' Subscribe' unto the rites- and ceremonies of the Church of ! England; let him be excommunicated, i&c;" mom . f-5 ' : i " Whosoever shall' 'separate themselves from the Communion of Saints in the Church of: England and combine them selves into a 'new' brotherhood, let them be excommunicated 'till they revoke their wicked errors,"— Canon 9.- " Whosoever Bhall affirm- that such ministers as refuse to subscribe to the Prayer Book may ' take unto them- the name -of another Church; let them be ex communicated until they revoke their wicked errors."— Canon 10. It is of importance'to remember that these and similar forms and ordinances were protested against by the English Reformers; and have always been con sidered unscriptural and Romish by Pro testants.' The most objectionable of them were introduced by the authority of Queen Elizabeth, to ' ' prevent ' Roman Catholics leaving the services of the Church, and - were enforced with cruel persecutions by the Stuarts in' order to favour the introduction of, Romanism, to drive ' out Evangelical Christians; and- to divide and weaken the Protestant Churches. We may indeed conscientiously believe that these forms are capable of such an explanation as may -reconcile them with truth and Scripture. It may also be said that; having been for several ages com paratively unproductive-of evil, and gene rally fallen into disuse, they were disre garded and considered obsolete by 'those: who ' accepted the Prayer Book as em- bodying; with the exception of these forms, devotional services eminently scriptural; and in their general teaching completely opposed to Romish errors. But however correct may be the inter- — i — — — wm pretation put upon these forms by Evan gelical ministers, the fact is still certain that, in the judgment of very many un prejudiced members of the Church, theg do in their plain and literal meaning incul cate Romanism, and powerfully influence clergymen and others to adopt Romish doc trines and practices. The position, there fore, and responsibility of Evangelical ministers in the present condition of the Church of England are . completely changed by the evidence from fact and reason — first, that the increase of Roman ism is greatly promoted by the accep tance of the Romish forms by Evangelical ministers; and second, that as. long as these forms are received and observed without remonstrauce, the progress of Romanism is unavoidable, and incapable of being repressed. How earnestly, then, is it to be hoped by all lovers of Evangelical truth that those ministers who- conscientiously feel this great respdnsibility-'will not-be pre vented from; endeavouring -to remove' the legal imposition pf! those, Romish forms, by the apprehension of being charged with personal inconsistency;' or by un willingness to acknowledge any defects or errors in the formularies and ordinances of the Church. How little1 does the icharge of being inconsistent. ,in the eyes = of men weigh against the inconsistency before. Almighty God of. sanctioning, the introduction into His sacred service of declarations and forms 'which- are so. clearly: proved to pervert the, , people,. and i to contradict His truth and: the purity of i His worship. . - . It is in yaih ,to affirm' that none ' of the- v forms of the Prayer Book can justly be. charged with inculca ting .. Romanism ; in the face of present experience, past his tory, and the. general, conviction,; of . Pro testants.' Indeed tho attempts .to' deny and explain away the Romish tendency of these ordinances'; and to represent them as agreeing wit i Evangelical doctrine, tend to weaken the .credit of Evarigelidal ministers, and to injure, the confidence of 'the people in their judgment or sincerity. Tt-'isi mournful to think how many godly members of the Church of England are led to fear that unwillingness to confess ' the Romish'tendency of these forms, and to sbek' for their alteration or removal, I proceeds from ' personal 1 or pro 1 essioiial influences aud motives. The almost universal feeling of pious members of the Nonconformist Churches is one of deep sorrow for the present 1 position" of Evangelical cle rgy men; mixed with wonder how ith'ey can in silence assent to and profess to observe prescrip tions aud forms in their judgments unde niably Romish, and certain, if upheld and continued, to undermine and destroy the Established Church.: The inducements to seek for the. re moval of the i-Romish, forms -from the ; Braver Book address themselves strongly to the consciehces of those 1 who have ' at 'Heart; the rearhntmest' dt' the Church-'of England. What a bright' and ; hopeful' prospect for th'e Cliurch When the Liturgy no longer confined 'to a single communion; shall become the book of Common Prayer for any' of the cbngregat ions 'of the whole body of ! Evangelical Churches which may desire to use it, as embodying and repre senting their common faith aud devotional spirit and worship ! Then, in place' of causing distrust and division; as at 'pre sent it would unite the Lord's people of every name,- by the exhibition of their oneness in public worship, evidenced by their general approval of the comprehen sive-form of religious services transmitted to them by the Reformers as a common inheritance. . ..i ..... ... Let it also be. carefully considered that the continuance of' the present inaction can. only. -lead tp the- further increase'of Romanism, spreading -through the Church until it become predbminant among the Bishops, in the Uiiiversities, aud 'in Con vocation.' "Not satisfied with the permis sion ' to adopt Romish forms and teach Romish doctrines in their . own churches; the Romanizing clergy will labour to im pose them" upon all ministers, as" pre scribed by the forms of the Prayer Book. This, already attempted in the Gorham case; is now avowed as their ultimate . design. The pious Evangelical members of the Church, free from ministerial engage ments, and seeking their own spiritual welfare and the instruction of thoir chil dren in the doctrines of the Gospel, will naturally be estranged, and depart from a communion' in which;' Romanism is ac knowledged and established, aud Romish worship carried out in the churches; The inevitable' result, and that which is already contemplated and even desired by the extreme Romanists, must be the dis-mlu- ; tion of the Established Church. When the public mind becomes fully convinced ; that Romanism is not only inculcated and practised by clergymen, but that it is legally tolerated as in agreement with the principles of the Church, the universal Protestant feeling of the people will demand its dissolution as a national es tablishment. No principle of religion can be more cerlain than the sacred obligation of ab solute and unmixed truth in public wor ship. /For ministers to call upon the people to unite in addressing to the God of holiness and truth religious services which in the convictions of many are doubtful in meaning or calculated to mis lead, is certainly an injury to the con sciences of the people, and involves a very deep responsibility. To compel by law the members of the Church of England to acknowledge and admit the Priesthood of the Church of Borne, and to repudiate and excommuni cate all Protestant ministers and Churches, is nothing less than by legal enactments to sanction Bomanism, and to compel the Established Church to continue separate from the other Evangelical Communions, in direct violation of the spirit of the Gospel and the prayer of our Lord that all His people may be one. These errors are imposed upon the Es tablished Church in England by Acts of Parliament, but here in New South Wales they are only retained by the supineness of the clergy and people. All Christians are, therefore, invited to consider the urgent necessity for adopting measures to remedy these evils. Minis ters are entreated to reflect upon their responsibility, and the obligation upon tbem to preserve the truth of the Gospel and guard the people from Bomanism. It is vain to hope that instruction or exhor tation from the pulpit will counteract the influence of Bomish teaching sanctioned by the forms of the Prayer Book, and propagated by many zealous clergymen. More Irish Nationalist Ec centricities.— The New York Irish, World, the American Irish Nationalist organ, a few months ago closed the; fund for the wives , and families of the men convicted of the, Phoenix Park murders and declared that , oneithousand dollars (£200) would bo given to the j dependents:, upon each of the eight, convicts. The surplus of eleven, hundred and ninety-three dollars to be set aside as the nucleus of an O'Donnell defence fund. , The paper solicited contributions to satisfy the " claims, of; this noble man." What a pecu liar, notion of , nobility the editor of theiins/t; World .must have. Is it not singular to notice how Land League treasurers, Redmonds, and indeed; all. the noble Irish pathriots who have- th e handling, not the subscribing, of the money use.it as their own sweot wills direct, without accounting to anybody, being offended, like Mr. Egan, if asked to account, and .leaving their ungrateful bleeding country. Here is the Irish World collecting subscriptions for widows and orphans'. and coolly announcing that- more than half , of the money contributed for,, these unfortunates would be devoted to the defence of the murderer O'Donnell. Pope Leo's Appeal to His tory.— The very work which Leo : XIII., charges, the three Cardinals, te forward, was not so long ago pursued with passionate zeal . and encyclopaedical knowledge by the very greatest historical scholar who has explored the treasures of the Vatican: Library in our; generation— the late Father Theinen Ho followed out to the letter the lino indicated by the present Pope. It led him to the dis covery. that a scholar could not at .the same i time be an unprejudiced .researcher into 'the historical sources, of primitive Christian his tory: and a blind, adherent of the Papacy. Neither his spotless and saintly life, his wide fame throughout Christendom, nor his unex-i ainpled , acquaintance with the,; origines.; of Christian history, could save this great scholar from the anger of the late Pope or of his Jesuit managers,, and Father Theiner was ex pelled from the Vatican. A former librarian of the V atican Library, Platina, who died in- full communion with the Church of Rome, has, in the "Lives of the Popes" told the unpleasant truth concerning several of them. Of Pope Formosus, Platina relates,— " Ho came to the Popedom, rather, by bribery than for the sake of: any good that was , in him." Pope, John XIII. took, two- Cardinals; " and cut off the nose _ of. the; one and the hand of the other." This same Pope " was one that from his youth up had, been debauched with all manner of vice and wickedness ; and if he had any time to spare from his lusts, he spent it in hunting, and not in: prayer." As to Sylvester II., Platina informs us that " The devil helping him with an extraordi-; nary lift, lie got the Popedom, upon thiB con dition, that after , liis : death he : should - bo wholly the devil's, by whoso assistance . ho had arrived at so great a dignity." The Roman Catholic Council of Constance deposed Pope John XXIII. from the Popedom, but his name appears in this year's " Catholic Direc tory as a real Pope. Of him the Council declared,— "It was public and notorious,. that lie hath been and- is still , an incorrigible, sin ner, guilty of murder, poisoning and other great crimes ; a declared practitioner in simony, and an obstinate heretic," and also that he was "no better than a devil incar nate!" ("Lenfnnt's History of the Couneil of Constance," Vol. I., p. 292). Such are some of the historical records of the Papacy. Undeniable Testimony. — An Ultramontane magazine, the Messenger of the Sacred Heart , bears testimony to the mis sionary Societies," it states, " collect more than a million of money annually ; the greatest Catholic missionary society in the world collects about a quarter of a million, and even of this sum more than half (4,500,000 francs, about £180,000) comes from France alone, the rest of the Catholic world contri buting only some £90,000." Reinstitution of Capital Pun ishments — In the year 1876 the death penalty was abolished in the State of Maine, U.S.A., and the crime of murder made pun ishable by imprisonment for life. After an experience of six years, in consequence of the marked increase in crimes of violence, the death penalty has been restored. Another Detention of a Child in a Convent. — At the Worship-street police- court, London, on Tuesday, October 28th, a respectable-looking woman applied for the magistrate's advice as to the recovery of her child from some Roman Catholic Sis ters of Mercy. She said that about two and a half years ago she agreed to let the child be taken by the Sisters to bo trained at a home near London, but now she was about to reside in the North of England, and did not wish to be separated from her child. She had applied to have her sent back, but was told it could not be done, and that the child had been sent to a convent in Cornwall. She could learn nothing of her child, and did not know where she was. She wished to know how to proceed to recover her daughter. Mr. Bush by said the only course was an applica tion to a Judge in Chambers, who might issue an order for the production of the child. A similar case was before the judges only re cently, and nothing came of it, as the child was said to have been removed out of the jurisdiction of the court. Popery an Unnatural Reli gion.— Marriage is one of the earliest in stitutions ordained by God himself in the days of man's innocency. The reason assigned that it was not well that man Bhould be alone wherefore the creation of woman- There are three special ordinances of God : To perpetu ate religion, the Church ; to perpetuate order, Civil Government ; to perpetuate the human family, Marriage. These ' are the very foun dations of society. The Apostle in his' pre diction of - the future, 1 Timothy iv.: chapter, warns us that; a heresy swill arise- forbidding to marrv, and commanding to abstain from meats, &c.; These and other marks appears to cautious and- thinking; men to be fulfilled in ;the Church of 'Rome. - ' This evidently is a heresy to arise in' the Christian Church, in as much as it is described as falling away " under the "au thority of one, who lias exalted herself alone all that is called God," &c.;, notoriously setting aside the law of God; In searching the decrees of the Church of Rome we find in the 7th century, at the Council of Quilla, that a decree was passed, forbidding the receiving of ' bigamists among the clergy, or those who- had been married to widows ; they, likewise forbid those in 'the ministry— of which were priests and / snbdeacons— to marry - after - ordination, excepting, perhaps, to whom it was not permitted to keep their wives ; yet the Word of God expressly pro vides that bishops shall be the -husbands of one wife, but the Church of Rome prohibits what God has especially appointed ; flatly contradicts the apostolic ordinance also as to deacons. From- this decree of the 7th cen tury it is certain that marriage was common amongst' the priesthood, some of whom were bigamists-; but the policy of Rome was to separate the priesthood from the people, to make them a distinct body; This decree; we say, is unnatural and profane ; - but the' de cree -is not -'confined to - the- priesthood; but' ombraces womanhood also; ; both sexes are consigned: by the- church", to celibacy, the evils of which have been monstrous. But the Council of Trent decrees still more boldly,' and- curses thatf whichl God lias ; specially blessed. If any one shall saj' the marriage state is to be preferred to- thkt of virginity or celibacy, -and "that it -is not -better and happier to remain in virginity than to be joined in marriage, let him vbe accursed." There we have the law- of ' the church opposing the very first-decree of God. Hardly any ' asso ciation is so held up to our admiration and ap-1 provalas marriage. It was general before the flood ; Noah took his wife with him into the ark. The Patriarchs, High Priests, the : Prophets, were worldly married. The Apostle Peter and other apostles: were married, as laid down as rule that an apostle may load about a sister, a wife, &c.; Bishops and deacons were especially to be husbands of one wife ; yet these are especially prohibited bv ; the Church of Rome. Our Saviour honored marriage by his first miracle, and chose it as emblematic of the bride and - bridegroom of his church; and even the Church of Rome has ordained it a Sacrament, of which the priest hood are forbidden to partake. From this period how did the Church of Rome de generate and become polluted as the mystery and -harlot of the Apocalnpse. Her own his torians bear evidence against her. Cardinal Baronius says, " how filthy when the most powerful and sordid harlots then ruled Rome, at whoso pleasure sees were changed/ and bishoprics were given away, these gallants were obtruded into the see of Rome, and made false popes' by such harlots without law." -The Council of Lateran declared that oppression, rapine, adultery, incest, and all pestilent vices did confound all things sacred and profane. How great, says Platenes, is the just of all the sects, the ambition, the pomp, the pride ; what ignorance of them selves, and the church's doctrine ; what little religion ; what hypocricy— a fearful future of the holy city, the holy church, and the holy popes — Rome a very .Sodom. The church broke the binding link of society, and she became unnatural in her conformation ; vice usurped the place of virtue, the church cursed what God blessed. The Reformation has freed Protestantism from this cancerous evil. Luther took his Catherine : and the Church of England on celibacy, says bishops, priests, and deacons, are not by com mand of God, either to vow the' estate of single life or to abstain from marriage. Therefore it is a law to them as for all other Christians to marry at discretion as they may judge the same to serve better for holiness. The Church of Rome makes woman a pollu tion, marriage not honorable, and curses those who approve of it. Can we doubt but that the Pope as God sittetli in the temple of God showing himself as God, "issuing bulls and decrees as suspending the very laws of God and tho laws of nature. The priest sits in the confessional not as man but as God, absolving sin even to murder, and by the secret of the Beal. Outside of the confessional he acts as man." In the confessional nothing is too sacred for him, even the investigation of the marriage bed. The modesty of the woman is no protection ; the virgin may blush and tremble, but the priest must be answered. What a cesspool must the priest's mind be. No wonder many fall into sin themselves. For this there is a rule laid down in Peter Dens : The party assailed can write a letter, closed and Bealed to the bishop in the following form — "I, Catherine N— — &o.;, on occasion of confession have been seduced to improper acts by the confessor," &c.; So these pious, holy, self-denying men have their weaknesses at times, and instead of absolving, destroy. We could not pollute our pages with tho filth of Dens ; yet this is the Maynooth class-book for priests. We may venture a few extracts from it at a future time. Tile cost Of tile Celt.— About a third of the offenders who are taken into custody by the Glasgow police and dealt with at the local Courts are not of Scotch birth; and there are not two out of five who even claim to be of Glasgow birth. These are the broad points brought out by the inter esting little table of the nationality of offenders submitted to the Police' Board by' the: Chief-Constable. The total number of persons apprehended during tho month of August was 4295.' Of. these, 1670 claimed Glasgow as their place of nativity; 1237' said they, were born elsewhere in Scotland, and 1368 were of English, Irish, or foreign birth. A very large proportion- of the taxation for.: police purposes seems, therefore, to be levied- to .protect themselves against the invasion of foreign law-breakers. The Irish share in this; section of law-breakers is perfectly over whelming.: While only 100 were Enelish. 1264 were Irish. 6 ' An Express-ive Idea. — Last week's ultramontane paper corrects Sir James Martin's statement, which indeed is the com mon statement of all historians, that " James II. fled. from London, and thus-forfeited'his' crown." This funny priestling discovers now- that " he fled because-a whole host' of "his1 loyal : English: subjects were straining every nerve— exhausting strong- -powers ; of mind and body, to murder him and his/family." Of ' : his family -there could have been -no question, - since he had sent them away previously ; arid' of his own life, there could have been- no ' difficulty : in - taking it, had not - the' 'settled - policy of his' enemies been to induce him by his;fears to run away. But the Express'&oes; not- read history. But if his foes did want- to murder him, how would that contradict' Sir James Martin, ; who merely said-that he fled. ; \- Popish Liberty —The Dublin cor- ' respondent of- the Times writes : " One of the1 most injurious results of t the ill-feeling -ex- cited-' in Dorry is the- strike of the factory .girls, of whom there are several hundreds;- .chiefly, Roman: Catholics; in the employment of Messrs. Tillie -and Henderson, , shirt manu facturers. - As has- been already 'announced; they. have: refused to work unless Sir- William Miller; M.D., is dismissed -from his position as medical officer in the mill. It is stated that he is obnoxious to them because' he is a Protestant,1: and theirs dislike of him ' was ag gravated by tho fact that he'- took an active part .in ' the proceedings of - the Corporation which: led: to the exclusion of the Lord Mayor' of Dublin from the hall. They paraded the streets, . singing "God Save Ireland;", and groaned when opposite Sir - William Miller's house and that of -another corporator who took the same view. A mob of 'sympathisers ' as sembled,, and the. police bad to charge 'with their - batons; : Stones and bottles were flung from : opposite sides in the riot, and the win dows of the Salvation Army head-quarters and other. places- were smashed. The factory workers assembled yesterday morning in a menacing manner, but were dispersed by the police, and the names of several of them were taken down. A number of prisoners were brought up at the police court charged with stone-throwing arid riotous conduct, on the preceding evening. Fines of 40s. were im posed in each case, \yith the alternative of a month's imprisonment." Motley's Your Only Wear.— The Sydney - Council must bo wonderful lovers of lords. What on earth did the Earl of Roseberry do for the city thai they should stultify themselves by offering him an address of - welcome - after vhe. was gone..' A most Irish proceeding. But such, men as Mr. O'Connor are greatly tickled by a sprig of nobility, and, their snobbery being tickled laughs an Irish bull. Tho address of wel come after the nobleman's departure reminds us of the; conventional clown's pantomimic exclamation— "Here we are again— how do you do to-morrow ?" Lecture at Paddington, — The Rev. J. P. Dickson, on Tuesday night, at the Presbyterian Church, Paddington, delivered an able and instructive lecture on tho Revo lution of 1688, and the shutting of the gates of Derry. There was a good attend ance— the frequent and henrty applause tes tified the enthusiasm of tho audience. Some very ill-natured person endeavoured to make mischief by an untrue advertisement in the Herald, to the effect that " Dr. Barry had at. the last moment and after engagement re-: fused the lecturer tho use of St. Matthias's bcIiooI." Everybody knew well enough how much Dr. -Barry desires such lectures to be given. , The fact is, his consent had not been aBked. Placards and advertisements an nounced a lecture in his school quite inde pendent of him. And that no " engage ment" of the room could take place without his permission was signified to the parties concerned Beveral days before the day of delivery. Nevertheless no steps were taken to consult him. We cannot approve of thus attempting to carry a clergyman's school by storm. A Miss C'ompton had succeeded, a little wHle before, in using tho room for the benefit of a Popish mass house, because the secretary was . negligent of the rule which requires the clergyman's consent, which rule, therefore, lie finds more necessary vigilantly to guard. The Crown Prince's "Visit to Rome. — It is as we said. The visit of the heir to the German Empire is not to the Pope, as the Papists were bragging, but to the King and people of Italy — -the excom municated. His reception in' the capital' was most enthusiastic. Multitudes on multitudes of the people, besides the cordial greeting of ' the King and Court, formed a splendid con trast to the miserable ill mariners of the French tnob toward King Alfonso. A strange event in the light of history. The repre sentative Prince of 'Protestant Germany fol lowed with acclamation and' enthusiasm in what used to be ultramontane Rome, after having received a similar welcome in what used to be priest-ridden Spain ! And the Cardinals and Eunuchs with tho Pope in the leonine city— i.e., in the Vatican— sucking their thumbs in anger. " So let all ./'thine' ; enemies perish, O Lord ; but let; those that serve .thee be like1 the sun when he gooth ;forth in; his might." These acclaimera in Italy and Spain are among the trusted ; 200,000,000 rockoried to the Pope, and falsely reckoned. : Sir Patrick Jennings and ;ltiS ">Baron."-rSir Patrick, at Waver- ,ley Popish School, evidently found it difficult to say anything. One Baron Hubner came' :to his aid to this extent, that when Sir '.Patrick had shown him some Romanist schools when' travelling about, the Baron liad made the .valuable remark that " he" had found Catholic schools in America, &c.;" But : the necessity of such schools not being very clear to his mind, Sir Patrick branched' off to' : a perfunctory defence of " solitaries," who jhe 'mado out were not " barron." Wo sup pose then'. that 'if thoy . were fruitful, 'sbrne- i body or other must , have occasionally inter rupted their solitude ; for ' how can one be swarm alone?" Whether in a literal or a i figurative sense a solitary can give no fruit \- at all to the world or. the church, Sir Patrick j knows .thiB well enough ; but he had to say something, and had nothing to say. Tlie Ereiicli Government talk as if China will not go to war, but are rais- jirig their expeditionary force to 15,000 men, , in hopes, perhaps, that suoh a force may (iriduce.China to desist. This tricky policy is ;attended.'>V'th/,mi'0h' "sk, for if China per sists, not fifteen! thousand hut fifty thousand French/soldiers will be wanted at once ; arid i how can thoy be; transported ? And at what cost can such a war bo maintained ? And I will there be any Germans in the Chinese ! service ? ! And where is the money to conqe : from ? Franco owes £600,000,000. ' Convent School, — Higb Jinks at /Wellington.— The local paper devotes two and a half columns, to. the display made, as an advertisement for the Convent School at Wellington. Everything was "beautiful," and strange to say the act ing of a regular drama, in which one of the girls acted the part, of a man, wo suppose, in costume, was taken to be a "guarantee" of , proper and excellent education for tho young female pupils ; almost everybody got prizes or /." honors," arid /everybody was flattered and flattered in return. The'drama terminated in the Australian! Anthem " instead of the " National Anthem," which was conspicuous by itB absence. Of course there was the usual twaddle about tho hardship of Catholics in having State schools, &c.; It is well there are State schools to teach something more sensible and solid than mere show and cruel flattery which is ruining the unfortunates at such schools as the priests patronise., Perversion ofDr. Newinan. —Pastor. Chiniquy's pamphlet on this perver sion is an admirable one. Nothing is more instructive and more full of warning than the absolute imbecility which reveals itself in Dr. Newman's account of his own change — acknowledged to bo the negation of all reason, and absolute submission to the dictates of self-constituted authority. - The highest culture is rncire than useless when private judgment is renounced / Drl Newman might just ris well have been an, ignorant boor, or a drivelling idiot, for all the. help his culture arid mind afforded him in' determining truth. Mr. Gibson, the secretary of the Protestant Institute, London, has sent us out a few of the pamphlets as a present. We wish every Protestant had a copy. Tliaiikful for Small Mercies — Telegrams, on Thursday toll us that' 'the I Crown Prince of Germany, during his stay Rome as/ awi si tor of the King of Italy, paid anAouFs call to the Pope. Whenever we are told the Popish faction were most jubilant arid proud 1 a mere passing call, which avoided, would amount to a personal insult, iri made quite a godsend. How low their spirits must be. Why the Crown Prince would have done as much for Tom Thumb. And then to think of the successor or Hilde- braridt beirig flattered by the visit of tho successor of Henry who " wont to Canossa," and now gees instead to fraternise with an "excommunicated usurper" of Papal tem poralities. O tempora , O mores. The Daily Telegraph Changes. — The Daily Telegraph : ' an nounces that on the. 31st of December Mr. Ward of tho Echo and Sydney Mail, arid Rev." John Osborne, are' to be employed "ori its staff. Our fcaders;are aware of the amount of love tho former rif : these two' gbiitleineri has for 'OrangeriieriV arid-the, way lie has writ- teri!abo!iit ; tliem 'ijri the Ectio? 0 They, are also aware thattlib'RevV J; Osborne is the gentle-' man who wroto the famous letter,' of syrii- pathy '(to ' Dean' (Malioriey.! ' One!1 of "them is . oviricing 'a very1 deep1' interest in 'the Orange! Institution'. They care no more for its prin ciples '''now thari' over they did ; ; but they are aware ! to a very : large "extent its members liave' given' their support to the paper, and that support means bread and butter to them.' We trust that Orangemen will not be hood winked by this worthy pair. J 