-THE "SOLDIER OF FORTUNE" A TALK OP TUE . o_R/i__:_____Ñr "W__ie/. Dv TUB AUTHOR or ' MINNI« QR«Y,' 'STANKIILO HALL, AC. I CHAPTER IiXX.-CONTINUED, It ¡a not our intention to dwell upon tho want of organisation, both in commissariat and engineering depurtmoiit», whioh produced suoh disastrous, results to our army in tho Kust. A far abler pon has already described thom. Casks of biscuits and beef, with no other covering than a tarpaulin thrown carelessly over them, were rotting in tho wot ; and quays so en- cumbered with psokages that circulation was impeded ; clerks and storekeepers wore running madly about, asking for ordors. which no ona appeared authorised to givo ; surgeons entreating for medical stores, buried in tho holds of vessels unablo to dis- charge their cargoes. Babel must must have boon an orderly and comfortable placo in comparison to it. 1 Woll,' thought Jack, as hu stood leaning on his mnskot in his sentry-box, and coolly surveying the soouo, 'if this be soldiering and glory, givo me tho plough-tail and homo. Siberia bo a paradise to it What would folk say to it in England if they could seo it r Tills was on the morning after his arrival in Balak- lava ; ho had just gone on duty, ' Grog for tho camp,' ha oried, as a couplo of stout Highlanders marched past him with a barrel slung on a polo, which they carried upon their shoulders. ' No,' replied ono of tho mon, with a grin ¡ pepper.' ' Popper I' ' For tlio soup of the Russians,' added tho Soot ¡ 1 and I'm thinking it will inuko tho kail mair hot than thoy Uko to tako lt.' 1 Just look ahint yo and you'll soe tho pepper-box,' drily observed tho second Highlander, ' uud that'll toll yo tho sort of popper wo're carr} lng on.' About a hundred pacos lower down on the quay. Jack saw a number of mon drugging a heavy gun. It was gunpowder they woro laden with. It was in this manner, for want of a proper road, that artillery and ammunition wcro obliged to bo convoyed to tho camp. . -Wo havo often wondorcd why largo Hut-bottomed Blcdges were novor tried ; but had unyono suggested the experiments. In lill probability a model, tn the first instanuo would havo had to been made, then sent to England for tho lion id of Ordnanao to havo reported on, and by tba timo tho navvies, who wcro afterwards sont out, had com- pleted tho road, permission arrived to havo used thom. From tho sueno of confusion nenr him, tho atten- tion of tho sontiuol was soon directed to a trim-look- ing cutter or yacht which had just ontorod tho harbour. Evidently it was not a Govornmeut vossol ; thcro was no swallow tail pendant floating from tho must. ' Would I and JfastorCharloy,' muttered tho honest lad, ' woro on board of you, and your sails sot towards England. I havo had quito enough ot fumín parts. What fools men aro,' ho added, ' to loavo their com- fortable homo, to seo the world, as thoy call it. For my part I wish it wor no bigger nor Suffolk, and I safo lu Harley ford.' From tho recollection of his nativo place, tho thoughts of tho spoukcr naturally wandered to Susan, and thu friends whom ho bogan to despair of over Booing again. Ho wondorcd how sho lookod ¡ whother she had been faithful to him during his long abscnoo or had found another lovor ; a suspicion not alto- gether unreasonable, when tho natural inclination for coquetry of tho pretty waiting maid is taken into consideration. For nearly an hour Jook remained uhowing tho cud of swoet and bittar rcllectlons, speculating oltor natoly on tho fate of his yonug master, and on tho prospects of Susan's fidelity. During this cimo, a boat had been put off from the yacht, which had been ordered by the harbour master to cast anchor on account ot thc number of vessels nlongsido tho quay, and rowed towards tho shore. A party consisting of two ladies and tho same number of gontlomon, all well mu Med up In furs nnd cloaks, stepped on choro and woro guided by a young midshipman to a houso, ono of tho best in tho place, directly opposite. ? How Uko that old gentleman's walk bo to Slr Edward Challonor's,' said tho soldier. ' Poon, I bo gotting soft and foolish loiko. I shall fancy, I sup poso, that I soe Susan next.' Scarcoly had tho words escaped his Ups than nnothor boat which lind closely followed tho first, and came alongside, nud n fomnlolndon with a band- box and sundry smnll packages, stopped on shore, accompanied by an old man in livery ¡ but it was not on the former that tho eyes of Jack woro fixed. Novor had ho seen such a likoncss ¡ ho rubbed his oyos, fancying that his imagination had deceived him ; and not satisfied with tho cxporimont, next pinched his nose to convince himself that ho was not dreaming, He carno nt last to tho conclusion, that if ho was not mod, it wns eithor Susan or her ghost, and shouted out her namo. Ho was right ; tho yacht which had attracted his attention wasuo other than tho Mermaid, from which Sir Edward, Beatrico, Mary, and hor husband had just landed ¡ and tho second party consisted of honest old Christlo and tho walting maid, who, on hearing tho voice of her lovor. recognised it in an instant, and dropping her packages, stared round hor. ' lloro I Susan, hore in tho sentry box,' said Jock. Tho girl, who really loved him, sprang across tho quay, and tho next instant was locked in his arms, to tho great nmuscmont of a party of Bailors who were Sassing,-and wo might add to their envy, for, as wo avo bofore obsorvod, Susan was remarkably pretty. Poor Jaok was almost frantic with delight. Ho hugged both her nnd his musket in one affectionate embrace, and even went so far as to commit a petty larceny, amounting to half a dozen kisses, before she missed them. ' Heaven bless theo. Susan,' ho said, ' I never thought to seo thee again. Thee becst os handsome as ever what do I say-ten times moro beautlfitlter. How be Slr Edward and young lady. Thee beati't married I Who broko the bay colt 1 Lord 1 Lord I I Bhnll go mad with joy. Give I another kiss.' Tho waiting maid reminded him that he hod taken more than he was entitled to already. ' But how did thee get hero !' demanded her lover. 'With tho Mermaid.' ' Really, now,' said Jack, wick a look of surprise. ' Well, that ba curious. Thof I've seen so much of furren parts I novcr seed a mermaid. Mastor Charloy says there bcan't such critters.' ? Susan explained to him that it was the name of Mr Frank Moreland's yacht, in whioh sho and her master and Beatrice had made the voyage. It wor Sir Edward himself, thon,' cxolnlmed the astonished lad. ' Woll, I thought I knowed his walk again, and if I baant dream In'-just give me ono kiss to convinco mo I am not-I soed old Christie-' ' Of «ourse you did.' . No sooner had tl)o groom recognised Jnok, than, leaving the lovers to tho transports of their'meeting, he hastened to the house to inform tho bnronet, who. accompanied by Frank Moreland, hastened into tho street. Novcr had the poor lad felt so proud and gratified as when tho old gontlomnn shook him by tho hand, in the presence of Susan, too, and culled him his faithful honest friend. ' I havo only dono my duty, Slr Edward,' ho blub- bered, ' and perhaps not always that, for wo have seen mortal hard times of it,' J Thoy shall bo ploasant onos for tho future,' ob- served tho father of Beatrico, ' but whoro is tho dear boy f 1'ho countenance of Jnok fell ; tho question wns a dnmpor to his joy. 'Can't tell'eo, Sir Edward,' ho answered with a groan. 'Not toll mo,'ic]>ciitoil tho bnronot ¡ 'why,surely you havo not abandoned him.' ' I abandon him I I loave Master Charley I Not for all tho gold in London, and thoy do say there bo a mortal lot thoro,' replied tho lad, ' mit that I over found any,' ho added, with a sigh of blttor recollec- tion. ' Ho has left me, thoy say ho has gone over to tho onomy, but lt's a Ho, a wioked Ho ¡ l d stako my lifo on lt.' ' And I mino,' luldod tho bnronot, emphatically. ' What.' ho continued in u tono of indignation, ' Charles, who lins evor shown himself tho soul of honour, desert thc colours of his oonntry-go over to tho enemy, draw tho sword ngninst those of his own blood and race 1 Impossible-tho accusation is ns monstrous ns ridiculous, and nona but a fool would givo car to it.' ' Or ono who felt nu interest in lils ruin,' suggested Frank Moreland. 'You forgot that his cousin Cuth- bert is in tho same rogimont, and that no tlo of kindrod, no sense of shaina, would prevent that voiy polltio young gentleman from using every moans to blast tho reputation of ono who lins proved his rival both lu lovo and fortuno.' ' True,' mutterod Sir Edward, ' true. Alns, tho mlsory of evil days is not ended yot. This sad nows must ba kept from Triaksoy,' ho added : ' a second blow would kill.' . - . Both the gentlemen impressed upon tho mind of Jack tho necessity of concealment. They know how cunning tho affection of woman is, how persevering : that it tries a thousand means to gain tho intelligence it seoks. ' You will bo questioned,' thoy said, ' on ovary point ; the slightest hesitation or disoropanoy will bo perceived. You must bo linn-rook, mnrblo.' 'Never fear mo,' replied tho houost follow, 'though I'd rather put my right hnnd lu tho Uro than coll a Ho to Miss Beatrice-still, if it ls for her goori, I'll not Hinch. I bcan't tho ignorant, simple critter I wor,' ho added, ' when Slr Edward sont I to London wt' a letter for mnBtor Charley. Siberia bo a rough school, but a good ono, und thc ltooshlanB hard masters.' Satisfied with this assurance, Frank Morolund, who had mudo up his mind to kcop tho distressing intclli ganco oven from his wifo, proooodod nt once to tho bend quarters of tho commandant nf Balaklava, to whom ho was personally known, and readily obtained a day's liberty for Jack, whoso joy was snlHcie.ntly tempted by his anxiety respecting tho fnto of his young master to render him cautious, and in less thau an hour presented himself at tho houso which hud been taken by a Greek ugent for tho baronet. It was a very fortunato oircumstnnco that Susan, who in her womanly sympathy for tho fcollngs of her mistress, rosolvcd to bo tho first to impart tho joyful intelligence of her meeting with Jack, had not remained to beor tho conversation between Sir Edward and her lover. There would have boon no possibility ot keeping a secret had she shared in tho keeping of it. It must havo como out, dosplto tho promises nnd well-intentioned resolution she might havo made to tho contrary. Mary and tho heiress had scarcoly taken possession of tho apartments in thoil now nbodo, whan tho waiting maid burst into tho room, and, with a sort of hall hysterical giggle, throw horsolf upon ono of tho couches, exclaiming 11 have seen him ! I havo seen him I' Bcntrico turned exceedingly palo, and hor cousin, alarmed at tho imprudence of tho girl, vainly at- tempted to chook hor volubility. Sho might as woll have tried to stop the Fall of Niagara, by placing ono of her tiny foot against it- or havo put its waters in her retículo. 1 Ho has got away safo from tho bears and Rooslans continued tho waiting maid, ' and though they havo inado a soldier of him, Sir Edward will soon settle that. Oh, My lady ! oh Mrs Moreland ! you can't think what I folt whon I heard his own donr voioo shout out, " Susan, hero in tho sentry box." ' Whose voioo V demanded Mary, impatiently ¡ for soeing that tho explanation was Inevitable, she felt for her cousin's agony. ' His voico I Jaok's voico I Jaok in a box. A vlolont hystorical laugh olosod hor speech, and it was somo moments boforo thoro appeared tho slightest chanco of obtaining a reasonable answer from her- moments of dreadful susbonso to tho heart of tho heiress. ' Susan,' said tho poor girl, placing hor hand upon her arm, ' for Heaven's snko tell mo whom it is you have seen 7' ' Jack, my lady, Jock Curlln, my own dear Jack.' 'And his master?' gasped Beatrice, who dared not trust herself to pronounce the name of our hero, lest her fortitude should desert her at the word. 'I haven't seen him yet,' replied the waiting maid, struck with Budden remonto at what appeared selfish- ness, in not having inqulrod nftor her young lady's lover. ' But he is quite well. He must ba well, or Jaok would have told me. Of course,' sho added, ' they would not put a trna born gentleman Uko Mr Charley fa a box. 'He wiU be hero soon j they will both be here.' When tho baronet and Frank returned to their abode, with the intention of breaking tho intelli- gence as cautiously as possible to our horoine, they found to their vexation that Susan hud been before- hand with thorn. Poor Beatrice was in a state of great nervous excitement ; sho flxod her oyes anxi- ously upon her father, then directed thorn towards the door of tho apartment, as if expecting soma one to follow, ' I know it, papa,' »he exolaiincd, at tho same time throwing hor arms round tho old man's neok, ' you have seen him.' ' I have KIT» ono of thom,' replied Sir Edward Chal- lner, forcing a smile, ' and tho other is not far olf Trioksoy.'. ho added, pressing hor fondly to him, ' now whon our troubles and anxieties aro so nearly over, when happiness, bogins to dawn bright and unclouded, now is tho timo for firmness, to boar up against thu transports, tho madness of joy, as nobly os you struggled with griof.' ? 1 Do not fear mo,' replied tho poor girl, oheated into happiness by thoso words ¡ ' it will not kill mo. Charles,' sho whispered-' Thero. you seo I can pro- nounce his narnu, and my lips do not evon quiver, or tho blood forsake my ohcok. Ono word-ono littlo word, and I will wait patiently, father, for tho rest (loos he livo ?' 1 Livo !' repeated her parent, and a pang rout his kind old heart as ho. evaded tho question. 'Did I not meet you with a smllo 1 Look at Frank-does ho not pnrtako of my satisfaction. Of courso ho lives.' ' And is well V ' Jaok Cnrlin, who lins boon sont hero with a por- tion of hiB regiment, saw him only throo days since at tho camp in porfect health. Th ero hos boen no battle since,' he nddod, ' no engagement since then, go wo havo nothing to apprehend on tho dear boy's account. This is tho secret I come to break to you, only that chattering hussy,' ho added, glancing ot Susan, 11 find, has been beforehand with ma.' The spoaker was, perhaps, tho only person in tho world of whom tho proity maid stood really in awe, but even hor patience gave way at what sho con- sidered Sir Edward's unreasonableness. Had sha reflected at tho possible effect of her precipitation on tho excited mind of Boatrico. it might have modified hor anger : ns it was, siro turned hor head nnd muttered something about tho poor having their feelings ns well as tho rich. . True,' said tho old gontloman, good-humouredly, for he folt that it was useless to blame hor, ' And I wos wrong to speak so harshly, but yon forgot that you deprived me of tho pleasuro of imparting this joyful intelligence to my daughter înysolf.' Susan suddenly recollected that she had done so. ' And that your manner of imparting intolligonco is not tho most cautious in tho world. But thore away with you,' ho added ; ' you will find one below, who doubtless thinks you faultless. Whether mar ringo may ono day causo him to chango his opinion, is your affair-not mino.' Glad to escapo, tho waiting maid hurried from tho room, and dosoonded to tho apartment ocoupicd by tho servants, whero, to hor great delight, she dis- covered Jaok, who had already commenced relating a portion of his adventures' to Christie mid tho rost of tho baronot's domestics, who could soarcoly bollovo that tho raw country yokel, whom thoy had foi morly laughed at, and playod so many tricks on during his short rcsldonca at the Moat, and tho man who halt boon exiled to Siberia, escaped from thonco, snared sables, and shot a bear, wno ono and tho same person. In their opinion ho was quito a horo, and Jack modestly allowed thom to enjoy it. After a rough but rapid ontlino of his and his young nmstor'B adventures, tho honest lad proceodod to desoribo their enlisting in tho nrmy, and tho man- ner in whioh Cuthbort Vovassonr treated his cousin. A burst of indignation followed. It was succeeded by a feeling of horror at tho attempt mado upon tho life of Charles, which the speaker unhesitatingly attributed to tho instigation of his relativo, 1 Tho monster ?' exclaimed Susan. And tho word was echoed by all who hoard it. Oliristio thrust his hand into his bosom, just botwoon his waistcoat and shirt. He appeared to bo fcoling for something. Ono of tho footmon gave a knowing smile, as if ha Mono comprehended tho action. And whore is poor, dear Master Charley now ?' de- manded tho waiting maid, anxious to repair hor former omission nnd havo somothing positivo to im- part to hor young lady. ' I saw him at tho oamp only thrco days since,' re- plied hor lovor. 'Was howell?' < ' Quito.' ' And only a simple sold ¡or like yourself,' addod Susan, in a tono of surprise. ' Well, I should havo thought thoy would havo inadu a captain of him at tho vory least. But his fighting will bo ovor -and yours to-for I know that bofore wo loft Eng- land Mrs Moroland had a long interview with tho Queen, and that hor Majesty has done somothing, I don't exactly know what it is, for both of you.' ' Glad to honr it,' obsotvod Jaok, drily. ' I sholl bo quite content to raposo upon my laurels, I don't want any fresh ones.' ' Especially as you don't intend to reposo upon thom alono, addod Mrs Moreland's own maid, with a laugh which brought a deep blush into tho cheeks of tho pretty Susan, Tho boll rang twico ¡ a signal that Sir Edward Challonor required tho presenco of Christie, who rosa and quittad tho room, Soarcoly had he closod tho door, than tho footmon, who had given so knowing a smllo whon tho old man thrust his hand into his waistcoat, drew his chair closer to tho tabla with tho air of a man who had something to communicate. 1 You all remember tho duol V ho said. Evoryone but Jack did recollect it, and he did not think ic worth while to interrupt tho speaker by any unnecessary inquiries-an example which we most consoientlouBly recommend to onr readers. ' Well,' continued tho man,1 ofter the great London doctor had extracted the bullet; no ono could tell what becomo of it.' ' True,' observed another of his servants. 11 heard him inquire after it, myself, and he seemed vexed at tho loss, I wonder what ho wanted with it.' ' I could tell what becomo of it,' said tho first speaker. 'Your ' Yea. Christie has got it,' he added, lowering his ?ike ; he carrie* it sewn ap in the lining of hi« ' What lue can it he to him !' demanded Sawn, who wa« a great lover of the marvellous. ' ITave you any idea, Jack J* 'Peihapa I have,' replied her lover, with a know- ing leak. ' Christie bean't the man to keep a thing of that Hort, without one day finding a use for it.' ' Not a word,' said the footman, as be heard thc subject of their conversation in the passage ; 'he would never forgive me, and Christie be an awkward customer to offend.' A general . not a word,' and a hush followed, us the groom oftesed the door and made appearance amongst them. Sir Edward had yielded at last to the entreaties of his daughter to soo Jack, of whoso discretion ho did not feel altogether assured, and Christie had been sent to summons him to tho presence of the ladies. ' If you have any bad news.' olucrved the faithful domestic, os he quitted the loom with the soldier, ' keep it to yourself.' . Why should you think I havo any bad news V Christie hhrugged his shoulders. ' Did Sir Edward tell you so /' ' No,' replied the old mon ; but ho bade mo desire you to bo cautious, and I guessed what that meant ; besides. 1 have not lived so many years in tho world without learning a lesson or two. You don't speak of MosterCharley freely when anyone asks you whore ho ls or how you loft him ; your eyes grow troubled, and you chango the subject as quickly as possible. My young lady. Heaven bless hor, who is as shrewd as sliu is biuutil'ul, will bo sure to observe all this.' ' Thee becst a oute chap ' observed Jack, wi til a smile,-and if I had not so faithfully promised Sir Edward and Mr Moreland-' ' Keep your promise, if you have made one, inter- rupted Christie : ' I don't want you to break it. If tho Squire'-that was tho name by which he gene- rally designated his master-1 thinks it necessary I should know anything, ho will tell mo himself ; and if ho doesn't I'd rather not hear it. All I have to say,' ho added, ' is to repeat his own words ; Ho cautious.' Thus warned, Jaok was ushered into tho apart- ment in which tho ladies and the two gentlemen wore scated. Thc oyos of tho heiress filled wiUi tears as she placed her hand in that of tho companion of her lover, whose fidelity bad won him a placa in her gratitude and esteem. Tho poor lad felt morn em harassed at thc honour than when Sir Edward him- self had shaken hands with him ; ho felt half afraid and half ashamed to grasp tho delicate white palin so oordially extended to him, and stood blushing and bowing like a Behool boy. 'Kiss it, Jack,' said the baronet, with a good humoured laugh; 'you deserve tho privilege, and Tricksoy is no daughter of mino it she feels offended at it.' Tho heiress smiled through her tears and tho rough soldier raised her Blonder fingers gently to his lips, kissing them as timidly ns though he were afraid they should harm him, or ho was committing Borne crimp. ' No doubt but you havo bean relating all you have seen and gone through,' continued tho speaker, ' to Susan and the follows below.' The lad confessed that he had. . ' And you must tell us the same story,' said Mrs Moreland, ' in your own homely way j hero ia a Boat by tho fire.' Jack assured tho lady that ho would muoh rather stand-an arrangement whioh nono of the party would listen to-and, despite his diltidonoo, ho was obliged to take tho altair offered to him. Although, in his modesty, ho felt that it was too muoh hononr, he could not help secretly wishing that Susan would como into tho room, and eeo tho consideration with which ho was treated ; and it was not long before his veiy natural piece of vanity was gratified, He had scarooly begun his narrativo, boforo tho walting maid made her appearance, under protonoe of risking some directions from her mistress. Beatrice understood the little manosuvro, and di reotod her to romain. ' You will havo a hundred questions a minuto to answer at tho very least,' obsorved tho bnronot. 4 A thousand, Sir Edward, if Miss Beatrisa wishes it,' was the reply. Our readers can readily imagino tho emotion with whioh the tale i f our hero's sufferings was listened to. Tears of pity ware drawn from tho eyes of his hearers. Tho friendship of Henri, and tho calm, stern character of Julian, which tho speaker painted well, because ho drow from natura, oxoited thc deep- est admiration. How Beatrico shuddorod and clung to Mary as sho listened to the dangora of thoir es- cape, tho terrors of that lonely rook on which the exiles had so nearly perished for want of food. 1 God has indeed boen mero!Cul,' sobbed tho heiress. ' His hand hath supported him.' Strange to say, Mrs Moreland appeared far more curious than her cousin in her inquiries respecting Lelia. Sho modo Jack dcsorlbo with tho utinoat minuteness, every inoidont that had ocourred in whioh tho fair Circassian was conoorned ; and only desisted from questioning him when sho had suc- ceeded in eliciting tho foot of her lovo for tho young Frenchman, and that the passion was a mutual one. Beatrice scarooly comprehended tho motives of her cousin. Sho had given hor heart frankly, wholly to the object of hor ohoicc ; and truo hearts doubt not when they love, Her father's indignation was chiofly oxoited at tho harshness of General Tawn, whom ho had known from boyhood. That tho Russians should have treated his favourite, Charles, with cruelty and tyranny, ex- iled, and given out forged proofs of his death, did not so much surprise him ; but Tawn was an Eng- lishman-a former friond ; and his injustice galled him. ' The old fool 1' ho oxolalmed. 1 But wait till I seo him I If I don't speak my opinion of his conduot moro plainly than I over yet spoko it to any man, my namo is not Ned Challonar. Had ho not bean as blind as obstinate, ho might havo sean tho dear boy was a gentleman ; never know a man in my lifo up- on whoso brow nature had written tho character moro logibly.' I Ah I slr,' obsorvod Jaok. ' tho gonoral boan't tho worst enemy poor Master Charley hos had to oontend with.' Tho baronot bit his lips with vexation ; ho felt that they wero approaching dangerous ground, and ho mentally blamed his own impetuosity. ' Enemy 1' repeated tho heiress. ' Is it possible that Charles has found an on erny amongst lils own countrymen I Who would bo so oruol-so base ? ' His cousin, Cuthbert,' said Susan, anxious to take a sharo in tho conversation. ' Ho is an olllco r in tho samo regiment.' At tho name of tho man who had BO nearly made har an orphan, hor mistress felt her heart sink within hor. ' Cuthbert Vnvassour in tho Crimea ?' sho faltored. * Yes. my lady.' ' And with tho powor os well os will to insult and tyranniso over his cousin, to goad his proud spirit by daily, hourly taunt. Father, this was the misfortune my heart divined. I felt assured that thoro was somo frosh trial at hand-somo now inisory to encounter ; my forebodings,' sho added, in a tono of despair, ' have not deceived mo.' Mentally cursing tho olllolousncBS of Susan, tho baronot hastened, If possible, to réassura his child, glad that nothing mora had boon oliolted. 'Trioksey,' ho said, you alarm yoursolf without causo. Although In tho same rogimont Charles is not under the immodiato command of his COUBÍU. At Alma and Inkorman tho dear boy distinguished him- self, and has doubtless mada friands ; addod to which', Jaok saw him only throo days since in porfect health and no quarrel or outbreak had then occurred between thom.' Tho hoiress rose from her seat, and fixing hor oyes earnestly upon her lovor's humble friend, as if sho would read his vory soul, earnestly Implorad him to spook tho truth, II have spokon it, my lady,' replied the lad, . ' And concoalad nothing V ' Nothing,' said Jack, trying to look as unconcerned as possible. Beatrico turned from him with a look of doubt ; her heart was not oonvincod. That same night Balaklava was visited by a fright- ful storm. Ships wera driven from thoir moorings, and dashed madly against the rooks. Vessels, which from want of room In the port, had boen obliged to stand out to sea, wero either lost or driven to distant ports. When morning broko, tho first intelligence brought to Mr Moreland was that his yaobt, the 1 Mermaid,' was no longer to bo seen. Tho baronot wrung his hands in agony. Tho Quean's lotter has been left with his baggage on board. TO BK CONTINUED. 