The Programme of the Spelling Reformers. The speling reform associashan in America is quietly proceeding with its wurk, which, tho as yet it is not very aparent, has advanst gretly sisse its formaehun eit yearg ago. A gret etep forwards was taken by the uniting of the I Filological Sosiety of England with the A mencan r iloiogi* cal Associashun ; and as meny persons, editors, and scolars have promist to adopt rc-formd speling, after a union of tho H too sosieties, it may be expected that important changes will H take place, and that some of the intricacies of the English H language will disape&r.; The society baa undoubtedly ' God H wot. a large field to ere,' bat when that field is plowd a new language fill of primitive Chaucerian beuty wil arize. To that time the Comite on the Reform of Engl. Speling report that the Filological Soeiety of Engl, had unaminusly united with the American Filological Asso ciashun ucon a list of wurde in amended epeling which they jointly recomend for imediate adopshun. The changes to be made sie cnvted by the foloing rules 1\. Drop silent e when phonetically useless, as in live, yjney ard. 2. Drop a from ea having the sound of e, as in feather. Drop e from ea having the sound of a, as in heart. 3\. For beauty use the old beuty. 4. Drop ofrom eo having the sound of e, as in leopard. For yeoman write yoman. 5\. Drop i of Parliament. 6. For o having the sound of u in but write u, as in above (abuv). For women restore wimen. 7. Drop ofrom on having the sound of u, as in journal. 8. Drop silent u after g before a, and in native English words, as guard, guess. 9. Drop final ue in cata logue, &c.; 10\. Spell rhyme, rime. 11. Double consonants be amplifies. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, 1, z, as ebb, egg, &c.; (not all, hall). Medial before another consonant, as battle. Initial unaccented prefixes, and other wnnrawnfaa syllables, as in abbreviate, &c.;, traveller, &c.; 12\. Drop «ril«nt b in bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plumb, subtle, succumb, thumb. 13. Change c back to s in cinder, expence, fierce, hence, once, pence, scarce, since source, thence, tierce, whence. 14. Drop the h of ch in chamomile, choler, cholera, melancholy, school, stomach. Change to k in ache, anchor. IS. Change d and ed final to t when so pronounced, as in crossed) looked, &c.;, unless the e effects the^ preceding Bound, as in chafed, chanced, 16. Drop g in feign, foreign, sovereign. 17. Drop h in aghast, burgh, ghost. Drop gh in haughty, though (tho), through (throu). Change gh to f where it has that sound, as in cough, laughter. 18. Drop 1 in could. 19. Drop p in receipt. 20. Drop s in aisle, demesne, i«1a.ncl- change s to z in distinctive words, as in abuse (verb), house (verb), rise (verb). 21. Drop c in scent, scythe (sithe). 22. Drop t as in catch, &c.; 23, Drop w in whole, 21. Write f for ph, as in philosophy, sphere. 