TBE WESDEYAN CONFERENCE. The conference resumed its sittings on Tuesday in "Wesley Church, Lonsd ale- street j the presi dent, tho Rev. E, I, Watkins, in tbe chair. tun bible in state schools. Tho Rot. Mr. Pitchett moved tho following resolution : — That tilts conference rejoices at tho establishment of tbe Bible in Bcboole League, aud believing thit he principles will tend to the wslfare of tbe nation and the filory of God, commends it to thu peu -rat eympatby and support o! tbe Uctbodists oi Vic toria. He said tbe subject was oi the most vital import ance to tho peoplo of tho colony, and he hoped that tho Methodist churches aould agree with the other Protestant churches, and support the reading of tho Bible in the State schools. Nino years ago the system of free, secular and compul sory education was inaugurated, and lor tho first threo years the system worked admirably, but now it hod been poisoned by its administration, and was no loncor tho act as first introduced. A pledge was given, when the act paused, that the school books which contained scriptural les sons should not be touched ; this pledge was. kept for three years, and therefore scriptural iu3iruc- tion was imparted in the schools. Without the sanction of Parliament the administration of the act bad since been changed by the pri vate influence of a fow men, who were prin cipally Jews. Tbe books Jhca in ase had been aitered, and wherever tlio namo of Christ oc curred it hadjl.een altered' to Christian, and Wcs- leyan State school, teachers who were also local preachers had been gagged, and were not allowed tbe nse of schools in which to preach the Word of God. Even historical sobject3 had been struck ottt and forbidden to be taught. The Victorian youths were debarred from reading of the strug gles and victories of the past — a proceeding without precedent in tho history of civilisod nations ; and he defied any one to show another nation that cut itself off irom tho advantages to be derived from a study of its liislory. Ho held that tho threo essentials of a free nation wero touched by the-act, viz., Free conscience, free speech and a fred Rible. The Biblo was the ono book that the State eaid was not to ho used. The Wesleyan local preacher who hap pened to be a State school teacher was gagged on the Sunday, and was forbidden to exereiso in his Echool tho urtnral freedom of everyone to servo God on the Sabbath day. Their homes, the law, the throne and a froo State stood on tho Bible, and he asked, Was ever snch a thing known as a nation taking the book on whirh ite most sacred institutions stood, and saying it should not be taught iu the schools1? There wore only three ways by which tho children could receive Biblical instruction. Tho first was st homo, thn second at the Sunday schuol, and the third at church. Now, was it likely, when during the past year 4000 parents had been summoned for failing to send their children to the State schools, that they would send thorn to Sunday school ? He would sooner see the whole system abolished than that ono child shocld go without tho Divine Word. (Cheers. ) Tboy were robbing the children ot tho Biblo to pleaso the Roman Catholics, who had not beon pleased, but wore as determined now not to accept the act as they had been when it was framed. Tho fact was the Protectants had been doing tho very thing tho Catholics wanted them to do, and that was to imprison God's word. They were told that the teachers wore not fit to teach God's word, but if they were not capable of doing tbat they were not fit to bo in the schools at ail. All questions of miserable detail should give way to this most important subject, The children of to day would in four or five years heuce ba our law makers, and it behoved us to give them a sound education and that could not be done without tho Bible. The taachcrs had said that tboro was : nothing to prevent lessons from scripture being given, and he hoped the conference would show that the great Methodist Church was on the right side in this matter, by giving a practi cally unanimous vote lor tbe motion. Tho Rev. B. Butchor, B.A., seconded tho motion, and remarked that the present proceed ings were tho fruition of the action of tho oonfor- onco last year. It had been frequently said that tho Roman Catholics conld turn any election by their unity, but if tho Wesleyon body wore a3 united they could do likewise. Tho State had established a purely national system of education, and it had a right to carry it out, as it had taken the education of tho children out of the handi of the parents. Mr. F. Peterson (St. Kilda) considered the act a godless ono, and it was characterised as such by its author's father. He would support the motion. The Rev. T. Williams thought it would havo boon better if a layman had seconded tho motion. It was desirable that it should not bo thought outside that only tho ministers wero moving lin tho matter. The President ; In this conference we all stand on the same footing. I hope that we shall hear nothing of theso distinctions. (Applause.) Mr. A. Dennis failed to see by what right tho community could oxpoct to havo tho blessing of God resting upon it so long as the teaching of tho Biblo was forbidden in pnblic schools. Mr. J. Falkingham (Footscray), in supporting tho motion, csid the reason why tho Bible was not allowed in Stato schools was because of the efforts of a certain class in Parliament, who ought to be turned ont. Sir. Cbas. Perry (Sandhurst) said that aa a body of Methodists they were not afraid of tho Catlio- ties. As far as ho could sco the only way to get ont of tho present difficulty was to go back to tho old denominational system. (Cries of No, No.) Wero they prepared to take the Roman Catholic Bible? Certainly not. If some men were not satisfied with tho present act let them prepare a scheme which would fulfil all their re quirements, and then let that scheme bo sub mitted. It had been said that they, as a nation, were neglecting tho religious education oE tbeir children. That was r.ot tho fact, becauso there were ail the Sunday schools. Tho result of the agitation wonld be to give the Catholics aU they asked for, and if they received paymont by results the conntry would bo giving Stato aid to the Catholic religion. Mr. Wilson Wood (Gcelong) said that the Roman Catholics ignored tho State schools, and those Catholic parents who sent their children to thoso schools were very shabbily treated by their priests. The Biblo, howover, might bo pnt in tho State schools without at all interfering with, the Catholic children. His children nt all erects should not go to tho Stato school so long as the Bible was excluded. Tho Rev. W. A. Quick Richmond), looking at tlio other sido of tho question, said that a great deal had been said in favor of the loaguo by Mr. Fitchett and others. They were all quite in favor of teaching tho Bible to their children. It appeared to him that the leaguo was called by a false name, as it was called the Bible in Stats Schools League, but it was nothing of the kind. As tar as ho had been ablo to as- cei tain, a great many wanted to s=o tho Bible takon back into the State schools, hue if they (lid that they must go back to tho old style. They, would never have proper religious teaching unless they had the Biblo taught by proper persi.r.o. Thoso on tbe Bide of the leaguo appeared to want the Christian morals without the Christian motives ; they were eudej. , orir.g to introduce scraps of the Bible. They would keep away everything about redemp tion, and wonld necessarily keep from tha children all the motives for morality. The read ing books, whilo they wore not Christian books, were, he holievod, ovor abused. They had ia them the doctrino of God's providence, and two of the Methodists' favorite hymns. Tbeloogr.e had given itself a title that did not convey the real meaning of the men who were at its head.. It had been stated that a local preacher had boon retimed permission to preach in a Stato school, bnt ho (the speaker) did not blame the authori- ties for that. lie could not see that any wrong had been done. The harm that was likely to fall on tho conntry would not como from tho Educa tion Ait, bat from tho Jesuits. They were to blame for all that had occurred in Franco, and i although bo hardly liked to say it, ho could not hrip considering Fenianism and its cri<uq3 as partly tbo result of the teaching of thu Jesuits. Most of the Catholics in this colony were Jesuits, and it was from them that harm was likoly to accrue. He was also afraid of such men as Dr. Moorhouso, Mr. Harper and others ho could mention, because they had declared themselves in favor of paymont by results to the Catholics.' Thoso gontiemen wore in favor of the Catholic Church because they spoke of it3 grievances whon thore wero no grievances. Let ah tho other chnrchcs do as the Wesleyan Church had done and tho difficulty would srsn ba sottled. He hoped tbat tho church would support the Edu cation Aot. Tho Rev. Alfred Rigg (Castlemaine) said that he would move the following, as being more ex plicit than Mr. Fitchett's motion ; — 1\. In view of tho experiment made bv the Govern- mentof this colony during a period of twelve years of imparting only a secular education, uucoiored by any tinge of Christian religious teaching, this conference is of opinion that it has now become Imperative- to supplement suuh teaching in the direction oi giving such olementary Christian religious teaching as may be practicable. 2\. That in view of tbo maDy difficulties surrounding tills aspect of the question of public education, ihe conference further considers that this end will be best" accomplished by supplementing tbe present system of reading lessons by tho ndditiou of extracts from tho Old and New Testaments, snch as the Ten Command ments and Lord's Prayer, a briei history oi the iife of Christ, together with election., from tho Sermon on the Mount, and a few parables, such as the irc.dig:tl Son, Ac., such lessons to be deal with with by tcachcro " as secular lessons are, i,c., by illus" atioti and expla nation, and to be incorporated ->v;ih aud distributed through the present scries of reading books, niter hnving been selected onoo for ail by a committee of Protestant clergymen chosen by the various deno minations for that purpose. ' 3\. Tills conference Is further of opinion that, in Tlew of tbogrcat breadth and national bearing of litis question, it would be proper aDd richtfor theMhils'.ry of the day to direct that a ratepayers' rate ut the entire colony should be taken to test the merits of this or auy feasible scheme of supplementary religious teaching, the issue of such vote to guide the Govern ment in taking any further steps in the matter. He was convinced that no Government would, take tkls matter up on its own account. The peoplo would liave to giro expression to tbejr thoughts on the subject. It was in-.ppssiblc io find a meeting place with the Catholics, because they would only be satisfied with a denomina tional platform. The Rev. H.!Batb (Geelong) said that as the Pro testants wore in the majority they had the righi to rule. They were a Protestant community, snd they should therefore legislate for themrelvc' , firet. nmlloz the Catholics, afterwards. Uu ui( hot object td f44d other people's Children,' but lit ' would not stasd by and -tee his own children starve while the others were being fed at his ex- BDSS. They MuId-hevcr. satisfy the Catholics, oless they gave tbcm payment by . results. Did <ot the Catholics look upon' the' opposition given y Protestants to the Education' Act- as a help to heir side? . The ultra- secularists wanted the Jible thrown 'odt, 'and atf ewery effort they"mado he Catholics cried. " Hew. bear," and when the /athoiics nrged "Put it out," the Methodists Bconded tho resolution. The Rev. .1. C. Symon'js said that they (id not want to go back 'to the denomina- "" fional system. He, however, thought that tho tlrble should be put in the State. scnool in home !orm or other. He remembered when ono of the abort reading books bad at the end a page pf praiers for children, but this had been altered uito a page of nursery rhymes, theso being sur- oiounted by a picture of the " Old woman who fired in her shoe." He did not look upon that as a'stcp in the right direction. The Ruv. J. Watsford spoke for some time icarnstt bcBiblo in State School League. If the .coders of tho league had t-beir own way it would inly open the doors for tho Catholics to have iheirs. He knew the leaders were in l'avor of ap peasing the -Roman- Catholics by giving them a aepiirav grant. He could give chapter and verso lor.it.- Tbd head of the league and the leading \--cretary wcreboth in favor ofit. Tbo Rev. Georgo Daniels said that the object of Hie - lefigue' was to secure the reading oftho i'ihle witbGUt. .denominational teaching on 'the'' Hiiti school system, and the' league had noobject so niucii, at heart as. the good of the Stale, i On trie motion'of the Rev. John Cope, seconded by the Rev. F.' BCrinett, thedebato was adjourned ! jl the following morning. '. "".'ciJlCDIT ALTERATIONS. The conference then proceeded to deal with va- \- ioa's'pfbsji'os'cd circuit alterations, and it was . gtr ctl that the' first Melbourne circuit should be tlivi'dcd iqto three parts, each of which should ioiip'ancw circuit- The division of theBruus. ' wick circuit was.olso agreod upon. The Horsham circuit was' also divided. Murtoa being consti tuted bead of a new circuit. The following borne mission stations were made'circuits, viz.: — Lilli- muf, Salt' and Clear. Lakes, Sbepparton, War- ragdl. ' The conference decided to accede to re quests; presented for additional ministers at Kmcraid- bilJ, Brunswick, Bailarat West and Le roy, "Tasmania. ' " . ' Ills HOME MISSION SECREIASr. The. resignation as home missionary secretary of tfieRev. J., Watsford was next considered, and on tfie motion of tho ex-presidont, seconded by Mr.) Campbell, M.L.C., be was thanked for the jrduons, services ho had rendered in connection wit(i the fund. . The Rev. S. Williams was unani- mously| appointed to the vacant position, at a salary, with a recommendation to the ministerial con feron'co. that the appointment should be for a period of three years. The coniqreoce then adjourned, Thocomorence' resumed, its sittings yesterday mpfhipgV.ai tbe.Tjonsclale-street Church ; tho pre sident, iba Rev.-;'-3& "Ji-Watkins, again ' occupng the cbairl, , 1 TnE;BIllIE Ik 'SIAXE SOSOOLS.. Tjio Ror. Bamiiel Ironsides resumed the dobato on Mr.- Fitchett's motion in reference. to tfie-Bible, i:i State Schools, Leaguel He earnestly hoped that the -conference would give a unanimous vote in i-iCor of tboi resolution. In supporting it- him- -elf, ho bad a firm conviction that he was doing the right thing. The subject was oneof the most momentous that could be brought, before the coiiferonce. A great mistake was made 10 or 12 gears ago in excluding the Bible from the schools. That stop, was taken in order to conciliate a body of people, that never would -be conciliated. The Catholics, for they were tho body he referred tn, .would never be satisfied till tbey had their hands, in the Treasury and helped themselves. He would not be a party to persecution, but he must look to his owo interests. Were the Methodists in . this colony to submit to the con tinued exclusion of the Bible from tho State schools? Tbey did not want the Word of God cruipiu.cd down the throats of anybody's child ren,.. but - they must have, the Bible for their own.' What "they wore engaged in now was a struggle for their rights ; and in that they were opppsud to a priesthood . that would join with the " Man ol Sin" himself, if by doing so they got their own way. Ia Tasmania the Bible was taught in the schools without any difficulty. There iae.. hour between nine and tena.m., or tome portion thereof, was sef apart for religions instruction. He had been present at ono lesson, and; had been both astonished and pleased at tho manner in which it was given by an ordinary teacher, If the parents of any child objected to that religious training, they had only to send a notico to that effect, and their children we-o ex- empicd'fr'om thoso lessoos. He was glad to say that" a very small number indeed sent in such notifications. - He could not see why a similar system should not prevail here. He would vote for the motion. . Mr. 'F. E.-Bcaver, M.L.C. , regretted that he could not. support the' motion. When he waa called upon to endorse anything that the league chose lo bring up he was asked to do the very thirfg that ho would not allow others to do. When complaints were made about tbo turning of elections by the Catholics throwing their whole weight as a church on one side or another, he thought it was hardly fair to propose' that the Methodists should do the same. The fact that he had been connected with Sunday schools for 40 years would vouch for tho sinqerity of his utterances. Tho present Educa tion Act' had done more for the poor of this oolony (and it- must always be remembered that most ot the Methodists were.among the poor) than any other act .ever, passed. Ho raw many difficulties in again introducing tlie.Bihle' into the'Stato schools. The teachers amongst others fiad to be considered. They all had to- pass a cer tain standard ol excellence before they we're al lowed to teacfi the children in secular subjects, bnt'who was to fix the standard in. religion, and who" woro to be the examiners in that subject? He 'saw in that point alone an insuperable diffi culty. Amongst the teachers now employed iu the State schools, there were 1568 Roman Catholics and some 560 infidels ; and could tho conference ask him to. allow his children to be taugfit, religious subjects by such men as those? That was another difficulty. Since the act passed it hod increased the usefulness of the Sunday schools, and more children were now being taught in those schools than at any previous period. That was a case in which the act had been beneficial, and in a direction where it was least expected. The ministry of the Wesleyan Church certainly did not represent tho feelings ot the whole of its members, and he objected to their handing over a promiso of co-operation to any body'whatsoevcr. If those men'wbo were at the head of the league succeeded in their wishes, it would have tho result of bringing back the old denominational system. If no amendment was before the conference be would give notice of one, lo the effect that tbo resolution passed at the last session be confirmed. (Applause.) Mr. H. Clarkson had heard that the mover ot the resolution was in favor of tbo act at its in ception, but had since become dissatisfied with L He (Mr. Clarkson)' was 'in' favor of '.he act now. He believed that it had -done more than its most sanguine supporters had aver expected. If the act was to be altered, he -lid not wish to see it done by those who could do it no good. No doubt some of the members of .be ' league wero right in their opinions, but he bought that no handling the act might receive from them would- be to its benefit. The leader of the league was an able and astute man, but he was not to be trusted in this case. He (Mr. Clarkson) could no more trust biui than lie could tbe'Bisbop of the Roman Catholio Chun. ' ./arid he could no more trust him tbaii ho could the aevil. (Interruptions, and cries of Order, Sliame, '&&) The spiritual wants of the children could not be met in the State schools, it was .not in the pro vince of the State lef make provision lor thai. In a country like this it could never be done. If it was' attempted the - whole system of education would collapse. ' ' Mr. M. Thomas thought that -tho act wauled improving in the direction of reeding the Bible in State schools. Some people were afraid that this colony would take second' -place amongst her sisters because of her small territory and po pulation,' but if such' a thing did occur he would ascribe it to the fact of keeping the Bible out of the State schools. Mr. J. Bedford could not vote for the resolu. tiun. Tho idea of delegating jo an irresponsible body all the weight of the Methodist Church was distasteful to him. He wanted to see the diffi culty cleared up -by the Methodist Church as a church, und not as a tool in the bands of a league. He was satisfied that the act was being blamed too much, because, in his opinion, it was as near perfection as possible. Mr. J. Cifmphell, M.L.C., spoke in favor of the motion.- At the first inception the act was a gob'd' one,"" hot its" mijladminisffttidh' bad" since kiHed-.'aU its power -for' good. - Those wild voted for the motion wouhl be as strongly for the integrity of the act as those who opposed it Thore was no such thing as a principle involved' in tho connection between church and State. It was simply a matter of expediency. If thero was to be no State aid to religion lor fine-Church there should not be for', another; :apd j;et. the Metho dists bod only the day ' before decided to accept £100 from the Government for tho purpose of preaching to their prisoners in Fentridge. If a poaitiaprwosrto "be taken up in rogard- to-State; aid, let them be "consistent.' ' Mr. Beaver had stated that the Sunday bchools now did their work in a .be tier- and more efficient" way. . He' (Mr. Campbell) granted that, but ho recognised also that only about one-thirtieth of the total number of children in the colony went to Sunday schools. There wero about 90,000 children who did not go to Sunday school, and vast numbers of those who went to Stato schools did not attend Sunday schools. Would they prevent good from being done to.those ? It was said that some of the nooks used in the State schools contained good passages, and were of some uso in teaching good, but if. it was wrong for the Stato to-give religious instruction let those passages bo struck out- If it was right, let them be increased. He wascertainiyin lavor of allowing tbo Catholics to teach from their own Bible. Tbey could adopt the same plan as had been carried out in Prussia, ' naniely, separation during religious instruction. Mr. J. Jennison thought that the adoption of the motion would greatly tend towards a settle, mout of the difficulty. ' .Mr. J. Russeli (Bailarat) said tbat he had been associated with the working of the act for -lino years, and ho thoroughly believed that a more beneficial act had never been passed. The church had taken a wrong position in the matter, r.nd'wodld some day deeply regret its present o -tion I'ajment by results would be tho most If ine'fnl of all things that could be brought for- The Her. W. L. Blamirea .stated that hfr apt" proved of the" whole of the principles of the Edu cation Act, which all admitted -bad worked; great benefit - Sh'ose-who'wishod to see it Altered did so from the factthal it barred the w»y to the in- . troduction of the Bible, which tliould be part of the State school' curriculum. . Its great fault was thb excision of Christian truths. It had been ' said that clergymen should undertake the task of religious instruction in State aiboOis. Personally' he had no objection to such a coarse, but it would in the country districts he found imprac ticable. By making education compulsory the State -stood in. loco parentis lo those children gathered within tho. schools for the time being ; and it the State taught religion to tho children under its care in tbo industrial schools and reformatories, it wasquito allowable that religion, if good at all, should also bo taught in its own schools. The Rev. 17. H. Fitchctt replied. Ho said ho recognised tho high tone of the debate, which in his opinion waa the best he had ever heard on both sides of the-question. Those who opposed the league appeared to frighten themselves with ghosts. The principal force that appeared to in- tluenco the opponents of the league, was sus picion of the league — of its personnel and of its scheme. Dr. Moorbouse and Mr. Harper had been mentioned in connection witb the league. He (Mr.' Fitcbott) was speaking to a court of Christian gdatlemcn, and he would ask was it fair when a/manef -undoubted Christian charac ter had put his name- to a distinct pledge — to think that be meant something else and had an ulterior object ? If anyone, were to speak so of himsolf, he (Mr. Fitchett) would think ho was slandered. No ono would go behind the word of Dr. Moorhousc — ho was a noble Christian man, of stainless Christian. integrity. Neither did he (Mr. Fitchctt) know a more high-minded and . honorable Christian man than Mr. Harper ; and he would claim the sympathy of tbo conference against statements that really aspersed the Chris tian sincority and integrity of those men.- If the league' were -to be judged by the company it bore, what sort of company, , he would ask,, was there on the other side? -Thomas Walker and all the Spiritualists in thet land. Every man who hated Christ was on that side. (No, no.) Ho did not say that every person opposed to the league hated Christ, biit that all who hated Christ wero opposed to the league. The league had never formulated any scheme at all. All that it did was to fight for a principle. The cry was, Give us God's word, leaving it to politicians.to say how it should be done. They made the difficulty, and should now mend it. If the members of the Wesleyan body did not join the league, they could do nothing but stand aloof. The union of the Protestant churches was the only liopo of success in tho matter, and it must be remembered that the league was nut Dr. Moorhouse's league, or Mr. Harper's, but their own. - It was not asked that Catholic children should read tho Bible. All that they needed was the Bible for those ' who liked to read it. Surely that was not persecuting the 'Catholics'— it wiis not perse cuting Catholics to .say that Protestant children should read the Bible. The' only chance of win ning the fight was to strike the blow while men were voters who wero brought up under a system of religious instruction. If delay woro allowed until another generation should ariso of voters brought up under the present system of training, it would for ever be lost. He would, in conclu sion, liko to amend his motion, so as to read as follows : — That this confercuce rejoices in the establishment of tho Biblo in Stato Schools Leaguo, ' whose object is to secure that the reading of the -Biblo wit-bout de nominational teaching be made a.part of the regular Stato school couiBs, subject to a conscience, clause -It being distinctly understood that the league disavows any purpose of re-lntroducing adenoml national system, or.oi.interferlng.with tho-Bducation Act in auypar ticular save that specified. Believing that ttiis object, if secured, would tend to the welfare of the nation and the glory of God, the conference recommendB the league to the earnest sympathy &Dd; support of the Methodists of Victoria. Mr. Perry asked whether the supporters of tho league allowed the Douay Bible to be intro duced as well as the Protestant Bible ? Mr. Fitchett said he .waB not authorised to answer that question— both if they liked, — any Bible. The president then pat the amendments and motion in the following order. By Mr. Beaver, M.L.C. : — That this conference re-aliirms the resolution of tho conference of 1870, iu reference to the Bible in State schools, which was, that the conference is deeply im pressed with the necessity of instruction in the Holy Scriptures being giveu to the children attending our' State schools, and the conference resolves to unite with other Protestant- denominations in devising a scheme for tho accomplishment of this .object, which will not involve the return of denomiuatioual educa tion. This was negatived by a large majority. By Mr. J. Bedford That this couference, whilst deprecating any return to denominationalism in our Stato school system of education, most emphatically urges upon tho Govoru- meut of thocolon- Iho r&stoi; ation of all thelessous to tho sovcrai reading hooks in use which have beou excised therefrom smco tho books wero first adopted, espe cially those referring to the Personality, tbo Divinity, and the Atonement of Christ; and that authority bo given, under properregulations, for religious instruc tion iu all State schools, before or after the four hours' secular instruction now provided lor in accordance with the interpretations of tho provisions of tho nut, when first placed on the statute book. . ... This was also negatived. The original motion by Mr. Fitchctt was then put and carried almost unanimously, there being only seven dissentients. CONTINGENT FUND. The report on the contingent fund was'snbmi.t- tod,' showing that thero was a baianco in hand of £169 2s:, the income for tho' year having been £747, and tho expenditure £57S. At the request of tho Rev. W. A, Quick, that gentleman was re leased, from the treasiirership, and the ' Rev. J. Harconrt appointed in his place. AFFILIATED COLLEGE. A report from the Affiliated College Committee was prescnted by the Rev. Mr. Nye, showing that £6000 had been given or was promised, in aid of the Wesleyan Affiliated College,' A SPECIAL EVANGELIST. A long discussion took placo as to the expe diency of appointing a special evangelist, for itinerant work in. tho various districts, and eventually it was decided that one should be ap pointed. ordinations. , In the evening tho president ordained the Rev. Wm. Dawson and D. J. Flockart. . During the ceremony the president was assisted by the cx- presidents, the secretary of tho conference, and the Rev. B. C. Flockart. Tho charge was de livered by the Rev. J. G. Millard. Tho conference then adjourned until the next day. 