3OT IiABT'S PiiOT; ? ? OB. TBB Uhost of IMavolo Castle. CHAPTER XVIL ? SUCCESSFUL ENTEET3IEKS. .:: *St Martin's-le-Grana first, Thomas/ directed Xftdy Beauchamp ; adding the next moment, 'I proposed sending you while I made my call in wnlle Eot, but have altered my mind in favour «f going in person. Ask Bilby how quickly he ^?n do the distance.' Xady Bcauchamp's whole air and tone tore out lier assertion of a snddeir change of mind. Bnt ?ven hod it been otherwise her new order 'would * ?-'- '.' have occasioned no surprise. My lady's changes ' ' ' . 'were of too f reorient occurrence and of too erratic ?? ja character v for that. The wonder was if my lady's mind did not change. \- BiTby's answer received, and the footman ?again on his perch, the carriage rolled forward at a. noticeable increase of speed. - . '. Arrived at St. Martin's-le-Grand Lady Beau flBuunp's errand was quickly accomplished. As Bhe alighted she contrived to hold directly 'Under Thomas's eye a rather bulky paakage ad -dressed to a certain leading publisher. But once beyond Thomas's range of vision the baity pack age was restored to her pocket, and another and smaller one withdrawn. 1 The latter was addressed to ' Mrs. Hildegard Allinghatn,' and contained — the two remaining pellets weighed by Dolores the preceding day. * ' Closely veiled, and closely wrapped in the light cloak she bad thrown over her carriage dress, my jadj posted her package, and hurriedly made her way through, the crowd to the barouche again. * J-one ;' she ejaculated, as she settled herself 'back -among the luxurious satin cushions in which, she delighted. ' I could not trust even \- ' Polores with that task. She don'trtake to English ' life and customs as readily as. I do, and might have made some blunder. And now I can rest. Sot only do I know to a. certainty that it is in the proper hands, but that it will go direct from this office-to its destination. 'Then when she dies mdu?:ily, who -.vilA be surprised? Not Doctor Jeffries. Not Sir Hubert Beauchamp. 9_ P.oor ;Uixuiud fools !' .. p ? L^dy Eeauchamp's evil meditations wer6 ..lwought to an end by her arrival at Doctor Jef . iries's, whcra t-ir E-jberfc, in his unquestionable ?coafldeucc, imagined her set down long before. ? Doctor Jcffrifs was in the city, but Mrs. Jef fries, as Lady Beauchamp anticipated, was at ?jhome, superintending the final preparations for her uncsjjecteu journey. * ? ' She received Lady Beauchamprs card with ^anxious surprise. Without an inetanfs .delay she hutriiddowji to hai visitor. Bussing into the private reception-room, to which my lady had «sked to b^ MiiJncDed, ahe greeted her with a treatalcasues-s that abundantly proved her juxioiy. '?My dear L&dy; Beauchamp !' she exclaimed. *-Has ;mi- thi.i;.j happened ? jjfuia ! Is she worse ? You said so positively you would not see' me f again.' - '—Lady Beauchamp quickly re-assured her. Sh# * had r.o minutes to waste. The time spent in visitibg: the ijosl-ofilce was time that must be deducted f roai her visit to Mrs. JefCries,, or her absence would be noticeably extended. Though fully prepared to meet an -unexpected disclosure of .her ti-ip to St. Marciu's-le-Gi-siid, she did not. wish to invite it. She poixseqaeutly «et Mrs. Jeliiies's mind at rest withciio. needless ^preface. ? 'Pray compose, yourself, dear Mrs. -Jeffries,' pBhe said. ' It is Lucy — not Nina. Lucy .has been taken sick, and Lucy has hurt herself.' ?' ? Thank Heaven !' exclaimed Jitrs. Jeffries, ..piously, adding in flurried Jiaste the nest in ' stant : * Of course I do not mean — * ' Of course you do not,' interposed Lady Beau ' champ with grave earnestness. ' But you may say 'thank Heaven Lucy is sick, and thank Heaven Lucy is hurt. Sir Eobert says it is a providence. ^J say it is a providence. You remember how {Vehemently i urged, the propriety of Lucy's /Attending her mistress ?' ' . . *?'?' 'Indeed, I do!' cried Ki-s. Jeffries/wifh. em- iphatic -warmth, as she hospitably seated her beautiful visitor. ' But how is it that yon have ( changed your mind, Lady Beauchamp ?* Mrs. Jeffries asked that question with un&is-; ;gnised surprise, settling herself comfortably in \- front of my lady as 6he did so. ? Lady Beauchamp answered promptly, impres sively. 'Because Sir Eoborfc is so deeply opposed to 'the arrangement, aud 'because the event has chanced so strangely opportune to bis wishes. Xncy was up till a very late hour last night, and -Instead of going sensibly to bed on a simple bis cuit, took a piece of cherry pie and a glass of ?buttermilk V 'The foolish woman!' cried Mrs. Jeffries, in iiorror. ' Yes, the foolish woman !' echoed Lady Beau champ, continuing rapidly: 'As the result of Hihat childishly imprudent act she awoke this ?morning quite ill, and on attempting' to rise; fell, :«nd hurt herself very severely. . From .that hasty outline Lady Beauchamp pro ceeded to a detailed, though hurried, account of -ithe event of .the morning, after which she re turned to the 6abject of Sir Eoberfs wishes. ' Sir Eobert,' she went on, ' no sooner heard of the state of affairs than he declared positively that Nina should employ a foreign maid. ' I will ajot,' lie sai,d, '^permit . Lucy to join her at Baden. I have been opposed to it all along, and ??now this decides me.' ' . ' I did not re-argue the point with Mm. I saw 'Jjis determination was fixed. J3o, after hearing all he had to say, I suggested that Dolores should supply Lucy's place tHl Nina could be confided to the care of the AUinghams. By thin arrange ment, with a little finesse, the choice of a suitable attendant would have devolved upon the proper ^persons— -the Allinghams.' \- w? iyou noble, generous-hearted, unselfish crea Jtore, Lady Beauchamp !' ?inferjected 'Mrs. Jef frie^ in a ?fcnddea glow of enSxusiasm. ? 'It would .only be an act of common humanity/ disclaimed my lady, earnestly. 'But, alas!' she w«ohtinued3 'itie one which Nina's ud mania renders absolutely impracticable. Sir Eobert and I agreed to test hef .by an offer of Dolores's cervices for the few short- hours of fe^r stay_at 'borne, making the other offer dependent .upon Her 'acceptance ot refusal of the latter. -Sir Eobert ?«as hopeful, but «thc event proved my fears weU groOgded.' ??'.-.' ; :-Shfi refused f ?'..' . . .. ' - 'i-'.She refused] Consequently, in accordance yij!& a' further agreement between Sir Eobert ?and myself , - 1 am here to consult with yon as— i-' ' Mrs: Jeffries energetically , interposed, first' ^apologising for the rudeness, and then rushing 'headlong to tho offer into which Lady Beauchamp ' -was skilfully aiming 1» entrap her. ?Do not,' cried the warm-hearted little lady, ?'do not be distressed by this contretemps, or, if you will, overruling Proiddence. By a little \- ' j jiaeeaing- «e you suggest, the whole thing can be iE»tiBfaotorily arranged- 'Amelia (my own maid, ' 'yontaow,) shall perform double 'du^y. Sh© jirill bo delighted, Nina, content, and I most '/' liftdj Beauchamp flew iErom her chair and cwightthe old lady In » gushing embrace. ?..* You darling ! Yon- dear, precious, motherly darling!' she cried. 'X only thought to, gain ' sour judgment; as to the selection of a Prench maid, and here you have cut ihe Ch- raian knot ' of our difficulties with five words i Dpir*ttalk of* jm uneeHUhneB8 ! ' If ina is my Efcep-daughter— s Seloelngof my fondest aff actions! i ought to ' iwfbwttul^BiyseM. ButwiaiyouitiBapure tvdt&tgt;***. There ia-but, one. jroyjai which I can exVresa my iwundless gmtilude. Amelia JmnstbetQ jnunifioentjy -paii'that the *.-doubte ^Kror' ^rfll be to her a. Aonble WeBfthig/ . ? , r^-.''-' SpeaHng' ^thoBe «ord«t La4y. iBsauchsmp I ? .- . ? . * Jrcr three Or four weet«V she cried. - '.Thirty t*-Say/ nodded La4y Beauooamp, un moved, 'aud thirty the day Nina is left at the castle. Sir Eobert/ «h« continued, 'would sever forgive a neglect of this kind on my part. And, dear Mm. Jfrffries, please understand iiat the Rift cornea from Sir Eobert. I hav« nothing to do with-it beypnd the fiimple act cf placing the amount in your liim^B, as he will refund it im mediately on my return to Portland Place.' '- '? While events were thus shaping themselves to Lady Beauchamp's -Irishes in savme Bow, other events, of. vital and most sinister importance to her, were in the course of progress at her own; home. (TO BB CONTtNUeD.) 