ST. PATBIOK'S CHU&CH;, GTJNDAGAI. On Sunday last, immediately after tho 11 o'clock Mass, a meeting or Catholics wua held in St. Patrick's Church, G-undagai. Tho energetic pastor, tho Rev. Father Finnegan, who occupied tho chair, said ho was glad to soo ouch a large number of Oatholica prosent, because the occaoion waa not one of little interest, but of very high importance. Tho object of tho meeting waa to consider the best means to bo adopted towards tho erection of a now church. Hia Lordship tho Bishop had authorized him to convene tho meet ing as the oroetion of r. decent church was a necessity. By now erecting a- good church, ono of tho bout records ol: tho roligiouo feolingo of the Oi'.Hiolicu will bo f»ivon to future gonenif ion '-, and will show that their viowo wore not limited to tho gratification ol' worldly wants. Cutholieu should know ay oil that without a church wherein to Y/or^bip, thoy would live 'without the ripooial pvueeac(\ of Q-od in thia world. Ho felt confident all would be gonorous, knowing that Holy Faith guaranteed that whatever is given to God'a glory, will bo restored a hundred fold. Messrs. Jame3 Crowe, J.P., P. J. O'Don nell, J.P., CO. H. Corcoran, J. Leary, J. Mackino, and J. Soils cloo feelingly and forcibly addrcBoed tho meeting, and called upon all to come forward. and uubscribe generously. A aubneription Hot was then opened, which quickly reached tho re opoctable num. of £552 lOo, elb follows: — Mr. M. Walker, £1GL) ; Mr. Jan. Magrath, MO ; Mensrn. S. Crowe, P. 3. O'Donncll, S. Leary, J. Sells, W. Cooper, W. Bibo, 11. Walton, and Eev. H. Finnegan, £25 each ; J. Mackino, i620 ; Peter Reardon, J. Beaver, J. B. Engelcn, and Mm. T. Belford, £10 ] Or. each; Inspector Carroll and T. H. Cor coran, £10 ' each ; J. B. Elv7orthy, A. M'Cartuy, J. C'orry, and J. Kiehone, £5 5a each ; J. Oarborry, J. Quirk, J. Turner, M. Burke (Wagra), 3. Oorbett, M. Feehau, T. Turner, T. Lenehan, 0. Crowe, W. Egau, W. Carroll, M. Ilyan, T. Regan, Michael Lynch, 147. Eiehone, and P. M'Garvey, £5 each : Mra^ Siefeeldt, M ; J. Murray, Patrick .Lynch, ¥. Heather, and A. Neiberding, £2 2o j3ach ; J . Eirwan and 3. O'Hehir, £2 each ; J ohn Patrick Ecardon and W. H. Br.yley, £1 Is each ; P. Oootclloc, — M'Duff, W. Turner, S.JTuracr, J. Hogan, d. Orowloy, J. M. Oarberry, J. Lenehcn, M. Sheody, P. O'Siiea, and J. Oarlriff, £1 each. Father Fin negan was requested fco canvass tho entire district for subscriptions, and should tho canvass bo a successful one, tho present church site will not bo cold. The amount of £2000 is required for tho erection of a new church. Father M. A. Holohcn, O.S.F., in a passenger by the en. Cuzco for Italy. The Eosebank Convent Christmas exhibition will be on Wednesday next. Th3 retreat for ladie?. commences at tho_ Sacred Heart Convent, Eosc Bay, on the 6th of January next. St. Vincent's Ladiea College and Preparatory school havo their annual examinations and dis tribution of prizes to-day (Friday). Tub Rev. A. W. Petro haa been staying at SfV Mary'o Cathedral, Sydney. Tho rev. gentlornan preached at tho Cathedral on Sunday morning last. At St. Benedict's Church on Sunday evening last, Mis3 Lizzie Healy sang Bauer's Ave Maria, with devotional effect. Mien A. Healy played the organ accompaniment tastefully. The following is the report of St. Vincent's HoBpital for the week ended December 8 : — Ad- mitted — 11 males, 2 females : total, 13. Dis° charged— 3 males, 3 females : total, 6. Eemaining in hospital for week ended December S — 52 males, 28 females : total, 80. Bible Ham.— The Eev. William Eelly, S.J., on Wednesday evening concluded his Dories of Bible lectures at the Bible Hall, William- street. The lectures have been literary and historical treats, and all who have attended have derived profit and pleasure from them. The loavned genu.ooaan win coiuLueuua a uesu uurioa ucau juur, St. AioTSitrs' Goli/EG-e. — Oa Monday evening next, tho annual academical exercises will take place at tho Masonic Hall, and the interesting, onterfcainuient will be followed by the distribution of prizes. The Fathers of the Society of Jesus and their pupils have boon doing good work during the year, and this annual acommemoration pro miees to be exceptionally successful. In the Assembly on Tuesday tho Minister for Public Instruction, in answer to Mr. M'Slhone, gave information in reference to applications for made for the appointment of children from tho Catholic Orphan School at Par.vamatta. The girls had not been apprenticed to anybody, but had been boarded out under the State Children's Relief Act. Tho regulations did not permit of Catholic children being apprenticed to Protea lanio, or Protestant children to Catholics. Bazaar at Nakandeea, — The bazaar in aid of St. Bridget's R. O. Church, ETarandera v/ao held in M'Mahon's hall during the week. On the Sunday previous tho Rev. M. Buckley convened n meeting of the ladies, when it was decided that there should bo three stalls — two for the display of general goods, and ono for refresh* menta. ITo. 1 (tho town stall), which was fur nished principally with beautiful fancy work, consisting of crewel and hand- painted cushions, SL-reens, and a variety of articles, was to have been under tho joint supervision of Mro. Foley, oE tho Railway Hotel, and Mrs. Jackson, of Boroe Greek ; but owing to a family bereavement the latter wa3 unablo to attond, therefore the onus foil upon Mra. Foley, who. however, wao kindly and ably assisted by Mios Traeoy, of Wagga, and Miss Hayeo, of Sydney, those ladieo coming from Wagga for the solo purpose of giving their services at tho bazuav. Mrs. Foloy'a other assistants were Mra. Millar, Mrs. Kelly, tho Mibsos Smith, und a number of other youtip; ladies', rlo. 2 (tho country etsll) wan presided' over by Mrc. Vaughan, Mies M'GiMth, and MisG M'Intyrt), and with the assistance of Mro. Crowe and Miss Keano, wa3 fitted up in a most artistic manner. Valuable aid was aleo given by Miss M. Harold, Mioo Bufffey, and othors. An elegant tea and coii'eo oervioo, silver and electro-plated ware, handsome work-boxes, etc., v/ore tho chief attraction on this stall. Tho refreshment-stall, which is generally looked upon as a disagreeable duty, was kindly undertaken by Miso Fonnell, who very generously supplied tho confectionery, and appeared to bo well patronized. On Wednes day evening about 8 o'clock tho Very Eov. Father Dunne, after a brief addrous, declared tho bazaar openod. Work immediately began, and by 11 p.m. a fair sum wao taken. Many persons of other denominations attended, and contributed generously, none moro so than Dr. and Mro. Barbor, the latter boing a most energetic and ouccoBsful worker. At the cloee of tho bazaar on Saturday night;, Father Fogtu'ty, who v/au in attendance tho whole Lime, in a i'ow woll cliooon words, cordially thanka! tho people. Tho amount realized wao about £300 ; and consider ing tlio inuny cthov utti-activo entertainments dui'iu,: the raco week, we look upon it us a gtonfc Otje article on the Government Inspection oP » Oatholio Sehoob was reprinted in tho Souther*? Free Phesb, G-oulburn, on Tuesday. Among- tho pleasant eirenmotanceo connected with tho appointment oi! Monoignor Moore, as Bishop of Ballarat, not tho least intorecting waa ; the cc-'ngrtitiilatory addroos o'c tho mornbeW ol St. Palrick'o choir, Ballavnt. Mb. Hollingdalo, oi Sydney, hac prepared coven medalo— four gold and three silver — for St. Patrick's College, G-oulburn. Dr. M'Kil lop id tho donor oi the gold medal for mathema tics. The annual distribution of prizes fco tho suc coseful otudents of St. Patrick's College. Goul burn, took plaoo on] Thursdays the 13th instant. On tho same occasion a grand entertainment, &o.;, was given by tho students. The Queanboyan A&E; says the Eev. T. Moy- * nagh, from the Cathedral, is doing duty for the Eov. P. Birch, who, wo ave glad to hoar, in pro gressing towards convaleocenco, from his late eeriouo attack of illness. During- last week (reports the Qtteakbeyan Times) several porsono throughout tho town havo been suffering from a slight attack of English, cholera, a-mongst whom were tho Eov. Father Birch, We are, however, glad to be able to state that under tho able treatment of Dr. BicharSson each ono ia on the mend. After the 11 o'clock Mass at St. Michael's, Wagga Wagga, on Sunday tho Very Rev. P. Dunce, Y.&., addreosed tho congregation on church matters, and in tho courso of hio remarks spoke in the highest terms of the generooity dis played by the OathohcD ot U-unclagai towarao thoir church. He said that a new church to replace St. Patrick'o and a convent wero required in Gun dagai. At the latest meeting of the Catholic Literary and Debating Society, G-oulburn, an overwhelm' ing majority decided that the ITow Gruinea an nexation was an unwioe proceeding — the aide advocated by tho miniotry; fcho opposition finding only two supporters. A letter from the 3ev. Father Walsh, in reference fco Catholic education, wao considered, and a sub-committoo appointed to carry out the wishes o£ the writer. Confirmation. — On Sunday last tho Eight Eev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, visited G-undaroo and administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to about 50 persona. There waa a large congregation preaent on tho occasion, some j oi the people having oomo from Yaou, Gunning, ? G-inindera, Jeir, and other places some distance . 1 away. After the ceremony the Bishop preached , a most impressive and instructive eermon on the - Gaerament. Tho V017 Eev. Dean Q'Eeeffe wa£3 the officiating clergyman. OONVEHT, VliWEBS-STEEET, PABBAMATTA.— Tho work of erecting tho convent — tho fouuda tion-stone of which wao laid by tho late Arch- ? ? bishop Vaughan just before hio departure from the colony — is now boing proceeded with. For ' some considerable period after the performance '^ of the iniatory work referred to, little or nothing was done at the site, but during tho laot.fow days operations have been entered upon in oarneet. t Largo quantities o£ building matorial havo been brought to tho spot, and several workmon ere employed in the earlier stages connected with tho work in hand. St. Patrick's Oathedbal, G-oraBtrRH. — When hia Lordship the Right Rov. Dr. Lanigan was in Ireland a few years ago, ho called at the marble works of Samuel Daly, Cook-street, Cork, and purchased there a marble altar for tho Con vent, and at reredos, tabernacle, and canopy for tho high altar in tho Cathedral. Tho rorodos is 8 foet 8 inches by 12 foet wide, and tho canopy, supported by four Cork marblo pillarn, rises 7 feet hiphor. Any ouo looking at the work — composed of Sicilian statuary and Cork marble would bo surprised to hoar that tho cost is under £200. Tho family of the lato Mr. De Lauret have erected it as'a memorial of that lamented gentle man ; and a'slab, bearing an appropriate inscrip tion, has been erected at Mrs. Duncan's monu mental works. This is to bo inserted in the Bide of the reredos. Bishop Lanis-aw at Gtjkdaeoo. ~ His Lordship reached tho townc-hip of G-undaroo on Friday, December 7th, and having first inspected tho beautiful and commodious church, spent the remainder of his time up to 11 o'clock Maes on the Sunday following, examining tho candidates I'or Confirmation. The Bishop celebrated Mass on Saturday and Sunday mornings at 8 o'clock. On Sunday after tho 11 o'clock Mass, celebrated by Dean O'Eoeffe, having read the portion of the sacred scripture for tho occasion, his Lordship in a sermon of very consideialile length, laid before a largo congregation the doctrine of the Catholic Church regarding tho Jinmncuhite Mother or the World's Redeemer, llio Lordship at tho end oS his deliverance, directed his words to those about to be confirmed to tho number of 55, and explained to thorn tho importance of tho sacramei't they were about to receive. The eac rarnent having boon conferred, thoy were exhorted to persevero steadfastly in the profession of the faith until the end of thoir liveu. Mementos of the occasion in the way of ovooBes and medals boing distributed, his Lordship gave tho Pontifical blessing, and so concluded an event which ought . nover to be forgotten by the people at Gundaroo. ,-; Hio Lordship, whilst at Gundaroo, by special invitation, waa the honoured guest of C. A. Maasoy, Esq., J.P., of Stono-Villo. Sunday afternoon a monster procession was fast forming of tho grateful people of tho district, to accom pany his Lordship on bio way to G-oulburn, when it became known that ho changed hia mind and would not nndortako the arduous journey until next morning. This grand and spontaneous , j; public act on tho part of tho people had for its '* '. raotivo not so much tho special favours thoy thomsolvoD are ready to acknowledge as having received at tho hands of their worthy Pivlutff, buc in recognition ol: his untiring, praiseworthy, und intelligent efforts in tho groat cauno 01 reli gion and education during bin episcopal career. w]t Tlvt many yotn-B of health anil _!;:?. wineus may ' ? vet bo in atore i'011 their iiibaop, i-.; \\.u every mouth \- luaongat his faithful flook p,t Ghindm-oo, Thb friends of the Rev. D. F. Olanoy, S.J., of Sfc. Aloysius' College, will be pleased to hear that the rev. gentleman has been elected Rector of Sfc. John's College. At the laying of the foundation-stone of the new Bchool for the Poor Glares on Sunday Mr. Butcher, M.L.A., made an apology for Aldorman O'Connor, M.L.A., v/ho could not attend, but who sent a donation to the oehool fund. News haa been received by the mail that his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst;, Victoria, who went home suffering from cataraofc in both eyeo, which it was feared might destroy hio sight, hao, under the treatment of a London oculist, quite recovered hio vioion, and expectsjlto be able to return to Australia soon. His Grace the Moot Reverend Archbishop Qoold has received from his Lordship Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bafchurafc, who io now in Rome, a tele gram confirming the cable neps of the appoint ment of Monsignor Moore as Bishop of Ballarafc. The Arohbiohop on Sunday laid the foundation stone of a new Catholic Church at WeDfc Mel bousne, which is to cost nearly £40,000. The annual holidays at St. Patrick's College, (says the GS-oulburn Feee Pebss of Thursday) may be said to begin to-day. At eleven o'clock the proceodinga will commence, an entertainment by the otudent3 being on tho programme. The year has been one of the moot ouccesoful in the existence of the college, a circumstance which everyone who knows its energetic and esteemed preaident will bo delighted to learn. Father Phelan takes his well-earned holiday this time in New Zealand. Everybody's wish is that it may bo full of interest and pleasure. Redemptoeist Fathees in New Zealand. — We take the following from the New Zealand Tablet of November 30 : The Ecv. Fathers Vaughan, Hegarty, and O'Farrell, of the con gregation of the Most Holy Eedoemer, arrived yesterday in Bunodin. Their mission will be opened afe St. Joseph's church with High Mass on Sunday nest at 11 a.m., when the course to be followed will be announced and explained. The rev. Miesionera will remain for three months in the diocese of Dunedin, during which they will hold missions in various places. Gunning. — On Sunday week Confirmation was given by the Eight Rev. Bishop Lanigan, of Goul burn. The chapel was filled to the door, many having to remain outoide. About sixty candidates were presented to the biohop by the Esv. Father Gaffney, who had devoted the three previous days in preparing them for this solemn rife. Since the rev. gentleman has been stationed at G-unning he has given universal satisfaction to the mem bers of his flock, and the congregations have largely increased. In the afternoon tho bishop returned to Goulburn, and was escorted by a large number o£ his adheronfco for some distance out of fora n. St. Ig-natiu's College. — The annual com memoration was held at Eiverview on Thursday afternoon, and the gathering wao, as usual, a large and fashionable one. The Very Eev. J. Dalton, 8.J., presided, and among the invited guests were the Very Eev. A. Sturzo, Superior Jesuit Fathers, the Very Eev. D. Clancy, Sector of St. John's College, Very Rev. Dean Mahony, V ery Eev. Dean Murky, Very Rev. Father Navarre, Very Ee7. Father Muraire S.M., Very Rev. Dean Hanly, and the Very Rev. P. L. Dunne, O.S.F. The most interesting feature of the entertain ment was the debate on ' Federation' which was snlendidlv conducted. A renort of the \ proceedings will appear in our next issue. ^ The Sistees op Chabity; at Ashitield. —Elegant and refined, and delightfully pleasant was the exhibition held at Bethlehem High school, Bland-street, Ashfield, last Tuesday after noon. The Sisters of Charity and the young ladieG attending the convent school had been working very earnestly and successfully, and the festive gathering to which we refer closed in & happy manner the academic year. The Very Eev. Bean. M'Cavthy pveQided, and handed the prizes to those who had won them, and the venerable gentleman in a few gracefully appropriate words congratulated all concerned in the practical work and progress of the establishment. Tho Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, Eev. J. J. Carroll, Rev. A. Ambrosoli, Mr. E. ¥. Flanagan, Mr. O'Gornian, and Captain O'Hagen, were present among the large and fashionable aoaemblage. The very best taste was shown in the arrangement of the pro gramme, and the young ladios who took part in the entertainment, which was of a drawing-room character, sang and playod and recited in a most polished, graceful, ond pleasing manner. Per haps tho moat charming thing in tho whole entertainment was the recitation by two little fairies, the Misses Molly and Madeline Toohoy, who won the hoarfcs of the whole audi ence. The young ladieo who recited go nicely, and ?whose efforts wers received with so much favour, were the Minoeo Maher, MicG E. Bachlor, Miss V. Bachlor, Misa Onnniaghnme, Miss J. Stanley, Mies O'Donnoll ; and the young musicians and singers who acquitted themselves do well were, Mies Fox, Mi3Q Adams, Miss O'Hara, Miss 0-. Adams, Miss Howard, Miss Fripp, Mias Whiting, Miss O'GS- orman, Mios O'Donnell, Miss Kevin, Miss Ou'nninghame, Miso Higgino, Miss Howard, Mies Mahcr, Mias Bachlcr, Miss Mann, Miss Laby, MiBs Toohey, and Miao Cummins. Tho playing Was markod by a technical accuracy, good expression, and a bright ilninh of style, and the singing wao an admirable blending o£ natural eweetness and judicious cultivation. In the art display, the fancy work of tho young ladies was of a auporiov land. Work of the fineufc and most difficult doacription imaginable wao on view, and the whole collection, inoluding tho drawings and paintings, the needlework, a.nd tho richly orna mental oilka and laces, was one of which both pupils and Sisters wore reasonably proud. During the interesting proceedings reference waa made to the bazaar recently held in tho Town Hall, in aid of tho convent fends, and Dean M'Oartliy, on behalf of tb.6 Distoro, expressed many grateful acknowledgment!) o£ the kindness and sympathy Bhov/n by all who had interested thomeelvoa in the undertaking. Tho cchool re-opens on Mon day, the I3fch of Janunvy. Cheettbini'S mass with orchestra will be sung at Sfc Patrick's on Christmas Day. The musical service is to be a grand one. TnE Pope has summoned the Archbishop of Vienna to Rome. It has been in contemplation to raise that prelate fco tho rank, of Cardinal. Sunday, the 4th of November, v/ao fixed for the consecration of the Moot Rev. Nicholas Donnelly ao Assistant Bishop of tho See of Dub' lin. The Most Rov. Dr. Sutler, Bishop of .Limer ick, has been suffering from a severe attack of erysipelas. Under medical attention the vener able prelate is improving. A woman named Mary Donovan has been tried in Dublin on a charge of having stolen umbrellas, gloves, and other articles from Catholic churches in that city. The Very Rev. James Dundon, ex-pvior of the Augustinian community in Limerick, died at the convent, George-street, in his seventy-sixth year, on Thursday, October 1, after a lingering ill ness. Cardinal Count Henry Marie Gaofcon Boisnor mand de Bonnechose, Archbishop of Rouen, died on Saturday evening, October 27. The deceased prelate wao born in Paris ou the 30th of May, 1800, and was thus in his eighty-fourth year. In tho pulpit in his earlier years, che cardinal Arch bishop had a great reputation as an orator. Peioe Jerome Vaughan. — The 25th of Oc tober being the feast day of Prior Jerome Vaughan, brother of the late Archbishop of Sydney, it was celebrated at St. Benedict's Abbey, Fort Augustus, IT. B., with unusual rejoic ings. It was the first opportunity since the new relations arose between the Prior and the house, consequent on the altered position of the Bene dictine Order in Soofcland, that the monks and the students had of giving expression to their feelings of affection for him, and of confidence in his leadership. The ceremonies in the church were conducted as on high festivals, and in the afternoon the monks, the young men residing in fcha hospice, and the boys of the school presented to him separate addresses of congratulation. In the evening there was a splendid display of fire works in his honour, which, ascending from the college tower and every part of the grounds, lit up the Abbey, the lake, and the surrounding mountains, making a very beautiful spectacle. St. James', Foeest Lodge. — On Sunday last, the Sunday within the Octave of the Feast of the ' Immaculate Conception,' a ceremony of a very imposing nature took place in thia church, viz., the solemn consecration of Children of Mary, and the admittance into the association of a largo number of girls attending Sfc. James' school. At 8 p.m. a procession started from the schoolroom, beaded by the sanctuary boys and prieafcs, and with banners Hying marched to the church, the way being throngod with people. The appear ance of tho girls wag imposing in tho extreme, all being elegantly attired in white, with wreaths and veils and large blue cloaks with medals. On the entry to the church, the choir sang Come Holy Ghost, and Ave Mario Stella, when the procession ists took their places in front of the Blessed Vir gin's Altar, and with lighted wax candles in their hands the girls made a solemn act of consecration to Mary ; the Magnificat was sung, after which the admittance of aspirants took place. The Rev. the Director delivered an eloquent and forcible discourse, after which the following hymns were sung, viz., the Orphan's Consecration to Mary, Immaculate Immaculate ! and the Laudate. The church was crowded with the parents and friends of tho children, who evinced the greatest interost in the ceremonies. This society was eotablished in September lagfc, and since then marked improve ment in the children has everywhere been noticed. The success of the good work is entirely due to the oxertions of tho zealous Sisters in charge of tho schools (from the Convent of tho Good Samaritan), for only in schools conducted by a religious order could such real practical results ensue. The parish priest is the director, one of the Sisfcora direefcoreos, and Miss Donnellan is the president of the association. We understand a similar cerornony will take place in about three months time, when those who were admitted as aspirants, ' if they pass the necessary ordoal suc cessfully,' will be consecrated Children of Mary. To Oite Agents. — The end of the quarter — which io alao tho end of the year — is fast approaching, and we have to remind our agents and subscribers that it is expected of them that at this time all accounts should be cleared up. We shall content ourselves by saying this, knowing that both our agents ar/d subscri bers will, as they have always done, assist us to the best of their power in squaring up accounts. In tho case of Bayley v Cadell for slander, the Chief Justice this week said that tho occasion was privileged, but left tho point to the jury. Last week he decided in Mr. Justice Windeyer's caoe on a similar point without the aid of a jury. A Case foe Compassion and Chaeity. — Wo are pleased to be able to state that the movement started by a number of good-hoarted gentlemen for tho relief of Mr. S. F. Bolgor, has boon attended with moat gratifying success. Mr. Bolger, as already stated in this journal, was the victim of tho recent dreadful railway accident at Potorsham, and tho unfortunate young gentle man who, but a few months ago, was among the best and busiest; workers in tho city, is now poworlosa to help himself, and unable to provide in any way for those v/ho are dopondent on him for support. Mr. Bolger has survived what wore considered almost fatal effects of tho accident, and although ho has loot his limbo, ho is regain ing his health and strength as quickly as the extremely painful circumstances of his case will allow. Already a good Dum ia in hands, and the gontlomsn v/ho v.vo interesting themselves on Mr. Bol^or'o bahiilf have received sympathetic letters and Diibseripfciono from various partn of the colony. Wo ahull bo glad to forward to tho hon. treasurers any oubseriptiono eont to this office for the fund. 