T H E B A L L A B A T DISTRICT B E N E V O L E N T • AfcYLDM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COCBIBL SIB,—Aa ttbare-is a prevainng optetoo ehroed that this instihiUonis very ertatlylmposed upon, may I appeal to tbe thoossad. of your readers, who raaide of course, in all parts of the district into wbfcii our out-door relief extends, to interest themselves • little In the matter of the alleged imposition, by making all the enquiries tbey can In their respective neighborhood«, and to forward me the result of their invesUgatkns to tbe boardroom, Gamp street. It wm be treated in the strictest confidence, and the case or cases fully investigated and justly and firmly dealt with by the committee and its visitors. It is time that once and for all, this cry Ol imposition should be tested, but op to this time teitber the committee nor its officers can get at fscts. This imposition seems like a great ghost held before as, bat when we come to grasp it. It melts into thin air. Wlut we have been trying for years to get at are facts, facte, facts; but we don't get them. People, and especially anonymous writers, are fond of indulging in the following style—"It is notorious that tbe institution is greatly imposed upon,"" "It is wellknown. Ac..," " Everyone is aware, 4c," and so on ad infinitum, bat they never canoe to /sets. I again appeal to year readers for sob stantial facts, in tbe name of the committee, the visitors, its officers, and last, but sot Ieaat, ib subscribers. I feel certain thatif oar challenge, thrown oat repeatedly, for a sub-committee to be appointed, consirting of members of the press and (say), two subscribers, assisted by tbe president, for the purpose of a house to house visit and report was accepted, that perbsps out of 750 out-door recipients, they could not see their way clear tif strike off three cases I feel thoroughly confident of this, knowing fnll Well, after a long experience of eighteen years, that the vfcriti-re of this institnlion, both fcr Ballarat and district, do their enty thoroughly and welL Will your readers accept the invitation I have given t We desire it—we long tor it; but the information must en consist of facts, and none of "we know you fcno*," of which we bare had enonch. In the canrse of this great and noble charity, will your readers come fortvard and assist the committee 9 Yours, &c.;, p, CiZALr, Secretary." 