FARMERS' ASSOCIATION. ORROROO. The monthly meeting of the Orroroo branch of the Farmers' Association was held in the local institute, on Saturday afternoon, April 21\. There was an unusually large attendance, between twenty Mid thirty of the members being present. Mr. A. Forrest presided. Mr. Forrest tendered his resignation as auditor, having been elected chairman (owing to the resignation of Mr. Edson) since the beginning of the year. It was accepted, and the election of another auditor was postponed till the next meeting. Messrs. It. Coulter, W. H. Eoberta, and J. Craig were duly elected members of the branch, and with several other new members signed the cove nant. The secretary read a letter received from the general-secretary, relative to the state of the funds of the association, to the effect that it was bis impression as well as that of the president that the levies if promptly paid would provide sufficient funds for the central committee for the pre sent year. The balance-sheet, subscription lists and circular were received from the central committee. The circular stated that owing to the general secretary.having ab sconded the committee were seriously incon venienced, but that Mr. J. It. Kelly, of Merriton, bad very kindly consented to do the secretary's work without remuneration for the present year so as to enable the com mittee to present a clear balance-sheet. It was stated also that the overdraft for seed wheat was reduced to £203, and the attention of delegates was called to the resolution passed at the annual meeting in regard to tbc liquidation of this amount. —-Mr. Copley here explained that this resolution had b?en passed unanimously, as at the time of the annual meetings the seed wheat fund had been reduced to £550. This was thought a manageable amount. They did not care about goingtotbcUovcrnmentfor farther assistance, but hoped the branches would do aU they possibly could to wipe off this sara. The overdraft had been incurred with the best of intentions, and no doubt all would feel in honor bound to do their best If each branch raised £5 the amount would be covered. The secretary read a catalogue received from the conservator of forests. £300 having been passed by Parliament for the purpose of raising young trees for free distribution amongst corporate bodies, farmers and others, the attention of intending planters was called to the list presented. The stock being unusually large this year, it was hoped that farmers would take advantage of the con cession and help. It was desired that the result of the planting should be commnni cated to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and with this object a circular form would be sent to each recipient on the Ist of April next year, to be tilled np and returned to the woods and forests office.—Mr. Copley moved in accordance with, notice of motion given two months ago—" That this branch is in favor of an additional subscription of ss, per member, to be paid by all members of the association, so as to wipe off the liability." He did not intend pressing this. He thought when be gave notice of the motion that this would have proved the easiest and best way of raising the money required, but as circumstances had considerably changed he was under the impression ttiat this would not now be required—sufficient no doubt would come in by the regular payments of levies. He therefore withdrew the motion. It wasthe intention, he was assured, of the central committee to work very carefully this year- Mr. W. Edson informed the meeting that Mr. J. Moody had offered to work np a con cert, the proceeds of which should go towards liquidating the debt of the association.—Mr. Copley mentioned that through Mr. Venning he had been informed that Mr. Malcolm, of Gawler, would be willing- to lecture on "Ostrich fanmn/ras it is carried on in Saa-h Africa." He had written on bis ora re sponsibility to Mr. Venning to the effsc* r.h'.t they would not be able to arrange for ihe lecture for a few weeks, because if the Orroroo races, rifle concert, &<?_ He pro posed "That the meeting considers th?-? very kind offers at the next raontbly meeting." He thought they might ar range to combine the two, the lecture an.! concert. Mr. Edson seconded. Carried.— Mr. W. Bowhey moved—"That a representa tive be appointed at each meeting to attend the central committee meetings." He was not feeling dissatisfied with the way in which this branch had been represented, but ic happened sometimes that chairmen were not able to attend, and branches were then not represented. He thought, therefore, it would be wise to carry this motion in order to insure representation.—Mr. Edson seconded. —Mr. Copley moved, as an amendment — " That it be the duty of the secretary to aak at each meeting whether the chairman in tended going to the central committee meet ing following." He agreed that branches often were badly represented, indeed seldom represented, but not so Orroroo. It had been represented by its chairman better than any other branch. The new rules provided that the chairman could appoint a representative. At the meet ing of the branch the chairman might intend going, and at the last moment something might turn np to binder him. He could then on his own responsibility appoint or ask another gentleman to go. He was afraid the proposition directly clashed with the new rales, for it simply took the power out of the chairman's hands and gave it to the meeting. Personally he thought the new rule would meet the difficulty as well as anything could be expected to do, but as a branch they could not possibly alter or make a rule.—Mr. J. Jamieson agreed with the spirit of the motion, and suggested that it be modified. —Mr. Bowhey, in replying, said be thought there was no real difference between the motion and the amendment. However, he was willing to alter his motion to the effect —"That in case the chairman be not able to attend the central committee meeting another member be appointed to act in his place."— Mr. Edson agreed to this as seconder. The amendment was then put to the meeting and carried by a large majority.—Mr. Bowhey moved — "That tbe central committee be asked to request branches to hold their meetings as near the full moon as possible, just before the central com mittee meetings are held. 71 Both Mr. Copley and Mr. J. Jamieson thought this superfluous, as the central committee had done this already. Of course they coald not compel a branch to meet at any specified time.—Mr. Bowhey upon request withdrew this motion.—The secretary was instructed to write for the New Land Act.—Sir. A. Forrest, one of the delegates, said a few words in reference to the seed-wheat fund. He placed the subscription lists on the table and solicited donations. — Mr. Copier proposed Mr. Thos. Twigden, farmer, Wallo way, as a member. —Mr. Bowhey seconded. Mr. J. Aitcheson, of Morchard, who lately travelled through Europe and America then read a paper, entitled "Agricultural Ob servations in Europe and America." It was as follows:—" l>uring tbe past twelve months I travelled through a portion of Europe and America, and being a farmer I took especial notice of and interest in their agricultural aspects. Having gleaned much information from personal observation and enquiry lam truly pleased to be with you this afternoon in order to lay before you some of the more interesting of the results. I spent about four weeks in Italy, France, Holland, and Belgium, and although much of my time was taken up in seeing the (large cities I did not by any means forget rural matters. I thought when I landed at Xaplcs fromthestcamerCuzco that Italy wasaparagon of excellence in regard to beauty of scenery, climate, and fertility of soiL It was early summer, and the vegetable and animal king doms were teeming with life from ocean shore to mountain summit. Even the sterility of the lava soil around Mount Vesuvius had all disappeared, and was replaced by vegetable fertility. The numerous small gardens I saw arc well kept, irrigation being largely availed of. Fruit trees of all descriptions flourish, especially tbe orange. From the splendid crops of wheat I saw- being harvested I should consider the agriculture good. The old fashioned methods of hand- reaping and flailing out, almost unknown to South Australia, arc the principal methods tifcd in Italy, modern implements being disregarded. Donkeys and oxen are more ccncrally used on tec farms than are horses. Tbc peasants arc frugal and industrious, the women doing a Urge share of the outdoor work. It is worthy of remark that the in dustry of the country people is a striking con trast to the indolence of most people to be met in the cities. In addition to cereals the olive and mulberry arc largely cultivated. By means of irrigation rice is grown in Northern Italy. The Australian gums planted in the vicinity of Rome are much valued as an antidote to the malaria. The Metayer system is in vogue with agricul turists, which is similar to the method adopted here of working a farm on halves. France is a plain country compared with mountainous Italy, bat is well watered and presents a most fertile and pleasing aspect to an agriculturist About one-seventh of the country is growing timber, and a great deal of attention is given to the planting of the trees. Tbe rainfall of the northern plains average* 24 inches, but as you go west and south it increases. Wheat, barley, and oa*?, besides hemp, flax, and tobacco, are exten sively cultivated. The average returns per acre from wheat growing, for a number of years, is abont fifteen bushels. This is a peasant proprietary country, there being five million landed proprietors. Owingtothepaw ing of a law some years ago to the effect that thelandof a deceased farmer should be equally divided amongst bis children, the holdings are very small, most of them being under 50 acres in extent. The country people in their little houses seemed contented, happy, and prosperous. To the bind laws no doubt this desirable state of affairs is due to a large extent. In Belgium and Holland the cultiva tors of the soil are principally the owners as in France. The large extent of forest landin Belgium breaks the monotonous aspect of the level country. The climate is humid, there being 30 inches average annual rainfall. The country contains much meadow kind, used for the grazing of cattle and dairy stock. In addition to cereals, hemp, flax, and potatoes are largelygrown. It is rarely that the average wheat yield falls below 20 bushels per acre. Belgium is tbe most thickly-populated country in Europe; the whole area is not much greater than two of our large sheep runs, yetsupports a population of 5,000,000. Holland, as its name implies, is a hollow land, much of it being below the sea level, and consequently it is swampy. Mnch draining is done, water being lifted by means of windmills to canals cf a higher level, and thus got rid of. The productions of the soil are similar to those of Belgium, and dairy fanning here also occu pies a large proportion of the farmers, a market for their dairy produce being found in England. Very few modern implements are nsed, neither is machinery.aslaboriflso cheap. Soon after arriving in London I made the acquaintance of the Agent-General, Sir A. Ely th, who kindly afforded me every facility in bis power for seeing the public institutions of the country. At Bethnal-green Museum are to be seen a choice lot of agricultural ex hibits from all parts of the world. South Australia is represented by fine samples of wool and wheat. I had an introduction to Messrs. Berkett, Spieling & Co., corn brokers, at Mark-lane Com Exchange, who gave me some idea of the great grain trade done in their market. I saw samples of wheat and other grain from all parts of the world, and obtained several varieties as a reminiscence of my visit. Some Coomooroo grown wheat Ihadwithmewas much admired, and compared very favorably with all I saw. The Metropolitan Meat Market is always a scene of activity, especially in early morning. It is by far the largest and finest market of this description in the world, as it naturally would be, having as it does to meet the re quirements of 4,000,000 people. Some Aus tralian frosted mutton, jast arrived, met with a ready sale. In was in fine condition, being barely distinguishable from English-killed meat. Many buy it in ignorance of the fact that it is imported. The only objection to the mutton is that some of its flavor is lost through the freezing operation. I saw several kangaroo tails that seemed as fresh as possible — the vendor asked 7s. each for them. The sellers of the frosted meats were very loth in giving in formation, and when I mentioned that I came from Australia I could elicit no farther par ticulars. It is my impression that a fine trade is before the colonies in this direction. At the Wool Exchange, Coleman-street, there was a large quantity of Australian wool being put under the hammer by Helmuth, Scbwartze, &. Co. The scene was exciting, very different from our colonial wool sales. There was a large attendance and keen com petition. It is a pity wheat is not auctioned in the same way. The system of agriculture in England is quite different from that of our colony. If I were to go to England to engage in fanning pursuits, I should have to pan with nearly all my farming experience; the difference of climate, soil productions, &c;, is so great. I quite understand the difficulties Professor distance has to cope with in urging farmers to adopt agri cultural methods he has imported with himself. English agriculturists when told cf our methods of farming have quite a contempt fcr them, and like Mr. Custance consider our low averages the result of cropping year after year with no variety, and without the application of manure. The rotation of crops, the many kinds of productions that are obtained from the soil, the draining and under draining, the deep ploughing and subsoiling, the appli cation of various manures to every acre-of arable soil, the hoeing, weeding, and nursing of crops, the great care to avoid waste in the ingathering of the crops, the cautions bom ing and thatching, tbe stabling of stock during inclement weather, &c; —all this ex pensive detail of procedure the farmer of Great Britain goes carefully through, and he finds it necessary also to do this in order to attain even a measure of success. The climate of England and Scotland, as probably you are all aware, is extremely fickle. The labors of the farmers there are just as precarious as they are here, bat of course from an opposite effect. The rainfall is not so great as many have been led to suppose, being in London 25 inches, while in Adelaide it is 21 inches. In Scotland and west of England it is greater. It U no wonder the English farmer values sunshine so highly—we get far more of it in winter than he does in summer. I could not help looking with a feeling akin to sorrow at thousands of tons of bay which lay upon the ground quite rotten because of the wet weather. Parts of England are very fine, well-timbered, not very mountainous, but rather undulating, and beautified by many graceful winding rivers. --The hedges be tween the fields, which are mnch more general in England than Scotland, give an agreeable and picturesque appearance to the country. In going south of London towards Brighton I passed through a portion of the hop country. None of the plantations are large, yet they are costly to work—four hands per acre being required for the in gathering of the hops. An English farmer does not consider 20 bushels of wheat, 39 of barley, and 35 of oats a very payable cropi. It is quite common to get 35 to 40 bushels or wheat, 40 of barley, and CO of oats in many counties, although the average wheat yield seldom exceeds 33 bushels per acre. There appears to be very little fallow land in England, the soil being constantly utilised in growing some remunerative crop. Two like crops are never taken off the land in succession, the rotation cf crops being frequently as follows:—Pota toes, wheat, turnips, rye, flax or clover, and to on. Bed rust is unknown in England, and cannot be produced, as nifty wheat sent from the colonies has been sown in order to find out if the disease would develop. Pickling with sulphate of copper is most carefully done 1 o avoid smut. Some excellent draught stock are in use upon the farms; these are carefully tended and well fed. I did not see a solitary skinny animal such as many of our northern horses are. To work a horse and then turn him adrift to fird his food in a paddock as we frequently do here, would be considered scandalous. The shedding attached to a moderately sized farm, say of 300 acres, reminds me of the ex tensive buildings on some of the larger sheep stations in this colony. Sheep and cattle ace kept on all the large farms of England, the breeds being about the same as ours, with the exception, however, of the merinos. I saw finer cattle, but not better sheep than those of Australia. These Utter animals in both England and Scotland are miserably wooUed, the idea of sheep breeding being to get weight of carcase rather than a clip of wonL An Australian sheep produces nearly twice as much wool as does his English cousin; 5 lbs. of wool is considered a good average for a flock in England. The farms range from 30 to 1,000 acres in size, though there are but few of the larger ones. The farm-houses are usually comfortable, commodious, and neat ?tructures, with fertile gardens attached. I Cottages for the married laborers are to be | found on all fairly large farms. All the build ir" improvements are paid for by the land i lord, if the tenant has his sanction for j their erection. Any improvement the tenant effects in the way of reclaiming land, &c;, he pets co consideration for, only the prospect of the rent being raised at the end of the term. Agricultural laborers' wajes are <.U"litlv better in Scotland than in England. In"the"la?er country they are generally about 40 per cent and in some counties fully 50 per cent, lower than what is paid here. The chances of an independence, or even the position of a small farmer are few, so little can be laid by out of the small wages, how ever economical farm laborers may be. I cannot understand how this class of men. who must have heard of the colonies, can be contented with their lot. Before the forma tion of the laborers' union wages were much lower than they are now. Labor saving machinery and implements are mnch used, the steam plough is to be seen working on most of the larger farms. Scotland possesses more waste lands than England; only about one-fourth is nnder cultivation. Wheat is not so generally grown as in tbe sonthern of the two countries, it being too cold, although I mnat aay that I Eaw magnificent crops of wheat as far North as Aberdeen. Splendid oats are grown an this country, from which the famous Sootch oatmeal is made. More thrift and conse. qnently prosperity are to be observed among Scotch farmers than among English. Cale donia has very little timber, but the land owners are fast making amends for this by forming numf rous and extensive plantations. Much of the Scotch scenery is very beautiful, the heather, although pretty, is about as nutritious as our porcupine. Bents are very high, those tenants of tae betur farms having to pay for rent in one -year as much as would purchase the laud in South Australia. In consequence of these high rents, and the discount at which agri culture is placed, many of the farms in England as well as Scotland are tcnantless at the present time. We see in Great Britain the ill effects of land monopoly, vast tracts of magnificent land are held by a few capitalists. Out of the twenty-two million of England's population only 30,000 are landowners, and in Scotland about 8,000 landowners hold 19,000,000 acre?. In my opinion there is not a ghost of chance for a small far mer in these countries—no freehold in land is to be obtained. Besides heavy rents and burdensome taxation to contend against tie farmer must not touch the timber on his land, the fish in the streams flowing gleefully through his paddocks, or the game that do such damage oftentimes to the crops. He is so harassed by fettering conditions that were he not a true Briton he would not possess the necessary perseverance and pluck to struggle against such terrible odd?. My stay in the United States was about five weeks, and much of this time was taken up in the overland journey to San Francisco. On this journey I re mained at interesting places purposely to see the country districts. Sew York, the city of electric light, elevated railways, and mammoth suspension bridge is very inte resting to a visitor. Here I had an introduc tion to a member of the Produce Exchange— the&lark-lane; of America. This was the head quarters of the celebrated "ring" of a few jears ago that, threatened disaster to con sumers on account, of the exorbitant prices asked. Telegraph prices of grain in the leading markets of the world were chalked np. and cereal statistics posted on board notices were given in abundance. The ex citement that prevailed during business was as great as that of the Stock Exchange. Large quantities of grain for for ward delivery were being sold by auction. The fertile soil of the States produces all the farmer of Britain cultivates, with maize, tohacco, cotton, rice, and sugar cane. The last three mentioned arc grown chiefly in the southern states—tobscso in Virginia and Maryland. Great efforts are being made just now to successfully establish the growth of beetroot in several of the state*. A great deal of attention is given by the United States Government to agricul tural education ; in the country schools the rising generation are being instructed in the elementary principles of agriculture. There are 59 agricultural colWes with farms attached of from 100 to <XK) acres each, so that the teaching may be thoroughly practical. The students do nearly all the work upon these farm?. All these institutions are hand pomely endowed by the Government. In England I know of only one agricultural college—that of Cirencester. France has three of these schools. In going from Sew York to Buffalo I passed though undulating country abundantly timbered and well watered, the whole of which was occupied by farmers. I was in formed that here the land in the past had been robbed of its fertility by excessive crop ping and no manuring, but by adopting a better system of farming and feeding the land with fertilisers its strength had returned ; and Kew York State invariably records a good average yield. In many parts of the (Juiud Stales the flies are very troublesome during the summer months. Stock while working have to be provided with leather veils, and sometimes operations have to be suspended a few hours during j midday tc avoid the pest. Buffalo is a well laid out city; the streets and roads are parallel, intersecting each other at ri^nt angle*. Very few of the streets are named, being mostly denoted by their number?- This remark applies to nearly all the American towns, and even cities. At the Niagara Falls, where I made a halt, a most dot-inns *ijrht presented itself to my view. 100,0C0,000 tons of water per hour U preci pitated perpendicularly 164 feet; but in order to see this grand sight from advantageous points several 'tourist fees' are necessary. Leaving Niagara I passed through on the Canadian aide of the river 250 miles of British territory. This is prindaUy farm ing country of a level nature, that at one time had been forest bind. All southern Canada is fertile, "and has a good rainfall. Between Detroit and Chicago the country has a good appearance. Michigan State stands well for tillage. During my visit the fanners were preparing the land for sowing-. Most of the teams I saw working were comoosed of four horses. Breast straps instead of collars and hames are very much used. The farm buildings and fences were not equal to those of England, but generally substantial. I thought Chicago one of the best laid out and most beautiful cities of the new world. It has the greatest grain depot in the world, and does more hog and cattle preserving than any other city. There are forty artesian wells in the city of various depths up to 1,000 feet; {most of them are used for private purposes. The cattle, hog. sheep, and horse market occupies 345 acres, and can accommodate 2.1.000 cattle, 100,000 hog?, 22,000 sheep, and 1,200 horses. Here, as well as at Kew York, I paid a visit to the grain elevators. At Chicago there are nineteen, all connected with railroads, and have an aggregate storage capacity of 15,000,000 bushels. They receive and deliver grain with incredible despatch. Oae that I visited could unship, during the twenty-four hours, 300 car loads, each containing 503 bushels. The Indian corn elevator could un load £00,000 bushels during the same time. The farmers of the Eastern States do not bag their grain, but send it loose in wacgons constructed for the purpose. Going west from Chicago you pass through fertile land, the former treeless aspect of which has been removed by many plantations of timber. Here and there a few hedges are to be seen, which also im prove the appearance of the farms. I saw some very fine fields of maize in the west. This is a favorite object of cultivation, as it ia well adapted to the climate of the States, and yields sometimes as much as 100 bushels per acre. Stock raising goes hand ia hand with agriculture in the inland States. Mobs of pigs are shepherded in the open country in the tame way as sheep are here. As far as Omaha, which is 1,400 miles west of Kew York, the country is abundantly watered by coble river?. Some distance west of Omaha you come upon the great prairies, which have an uninvitingaepectbecausetreelessandleveL Very little fencing is done as far west as this; even the railroad is unprotected for hundreds of miles because of the scarcity of timber. Next you meet the squatters or ranchmen as they are called, who own from 1,000 to 20,000 sheep, and from 400 to 30,000 cattle. Most of the workmen on the line in the west are Chinamen, the Europeans not nui-ing about such solitude. You enter a different climate when yon reach the Sierra Nevada mountains. The grandest scenery I ever looked upon I beheld here. The mountain crests are white with snow; fine timber, epecially fir and cedar, cover thesemountains. At Sacramento I made the acquaintance of several agriculturists. from whom I gathered that the style of farming waa much like that adopted in South Australia. As labor ia scarce implements aud machinery are made to give big results. The wheat, of which I obtained several samples, is very like our own. Australian wheat is thought very highly of by Californian farmers. One of their varieties they call Australian. Wheat ia stacked hern in 133 \--lb. bags, and floor in 100-lb. bags. I visited one of the principal flour mills in the City of Sacraments, and I consider this, as also most of the other mills I saw, much behind the sub stantial and complete mills of our colony. Our gum trees are highly prized in California. Several large plantations of them are to be ?ten in the vicinity of Sacramento. < 'alifomia contains some immense trees, but they are limited in number. The largest arc supposed to be 1500 years old, and are 32-3 feet high, with trunks from 30 to lil feet in circum ference. I was surprised, however, to see the ?mall timber of America and Europe, having been accustomed to gaze upon the giant gums of this country. Almost all the implements of California have seats attached for the driver. There are very few singlefurrow plough* except for deep ploughing and sub- Joilinc. Six and eight furrow Gang ploughs are much used, although they arc not ?o popular as formerly; a more efficient agricultural system is now carried on. Headers, which are ponderous machines bke a reaper and binder, are used—four horses are narftopnth, not pull them^the width of cut isfromlOto 1G feet; very little straw is cupped Off with the heads. Our reapers have been tried and are suitable to thn climate, but are altogether too alow for the Yankees. A good deal of land is laid under fallow each year. The original excessive fertility of the soil has disappeared—the returns being from 4to 12 tmshebT against from 15 to 30 bushels formerly. The State of California con tains some of the largest farms of the world, one being over 439,000 acres, which is worked by a company ; three o'hers belonging to private owners contain 3G.C00. 23.000, and 17,000 acres respectively. California ia subject to drought as is .South Australia. The rainfall of the wheat districts varies from 9to 24 inches. A great quantity of Califor nian dry land is now irrigated. The Govern ment have gone fully into the question, and have spent a lot of money in water conservation, vesting the control of the drains and canals in local commis sioners. Fair crops can be grown on ten inches of rain. The land laws of the United States appear very liberal. Millions of acres have been given to selectors by the American Government under the Homestead Liw. E very person above the age of 21 can become possessed of 100 acres of land by cultivating and residing on it for five years, the only ex penditure, being £3 or £4 land office fees. Ia addition to the above quantity of land a man may obtain KiO acres more upon payment of from ss. to 10s. per acre. By a little maneuvering men of capital get hold of vast tract* of country." Mr. Copley proposed and Mr. Janiieson seconded a very hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Aitchesqn for his in structive address. This was carried by accla mation. Eighteen samples of wheat wer ? placed on the table by Mr. Aitcheeon. which were examined by the members present with a great deal of interest. 