" TAMBOUR MAJOR." " Ijii Fillo tin Tambour Major," one of the finest operas yet placed upon tlio stage at tlio Royal l'rincass Theatre, and wliioii 1ms evidently hit tlio public taste in Sandhurst, was produced for the last tinio at tlio theatro Inst evening by the lloyal Comic Opera Company. Tlio opom (luring- tlio past four ijights has been nil unprecedented ■success, and notwithstanding that crowded audioncos witnessed the previous productions, thero was a largo attendance at its final represen tation. The opera was played in that masterly manner which has been characteristic of of it during tlio week, and tho various performers received deserved applause. Tho singing of tlio principals, and in fact the wholo company, was faultless, whilst tho scenic elFecta were without doubt the finest yet produced in this district. It might bo mentioned that on each night the por tions of tho opera in which the fine drosses and effects were displayed wero shown to advantage through tlio oxcolleut limo lights. This portion of tlio business was in tlio able hands of Professor K. Wollaston, scientific chemist. Mr. Win. i'itt as tho mochanist could not bo excelled ill placing tho scenery boforo tho audienco, whilst tho property man, Signor Sorafmo, produced somo really goi^oous drosses. Tlio samo gentlemen will assist 111 the production of tho remainder of the operas to bo produced by tho company. . This evening tho beautiful composition of l'lan ']uetto"Iies Oloclios do Cornovillo" will bo pro duced, and wo append tho following ontlir.o of tho piece :—Tho Comto do Lucenay,' attainted for jmlitical reasons, (lies from Prance, leaving his. infant daughter Lucienuo and considerable per sonal property in tho earo of a retainer, Gaspaul. This wily Norman, howovor, forseoing that tho Comto may novor roturn to claim his own (which indeed happens) brings up tho child as his niece, under tho uamo of Gorinainu, and gratifies his in satiable greed for monoy by hoarding tho Comte'a treasure. - Ho lias chosen for his collars tlio decay ing 1.101118 of tho old Chateau of Cornovillo, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like Do Lucenay, and nil exilo from France. Tlio grandson of this Marquis do Cornovillo is, how over, alivo, and tho interdict 011 tlio estates liavinp; been removed by tlio King tho village gossips be lieve that ono day tho long oxpected heir will return. Meanwhile tho castle has an evil notoriety. It is hanntod; mailed spectres flit along its cor ridors, and ghostly phantoms Hit across its lighted windows tit night. But in truth these are de vices of tho cunning Gaspard to frighten a way all iutendingtonants of the old chateau. At tho opening <sf tho opera a knot of girls are on their way to tho hiring fail'. Amongst them is Serpoiotte, a wail* i'iclcoii up by (laspard 011 a bank of wild tliymo in one of hU fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. .Sho has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. <!ennaino ('Mutually joins tho band, also dying from (!as jwvd's house, but from a very different motive, •'i lie old miser has promised her hand to tho village baiije, a pompous, meddling old follow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open tho chateau and audit tho baron's accounts. Now, Ger lmiino has bethrothed herself to a no'er-do-wcll of the locality, a young fishorman named Ciivnicheux, who, as sho supposes, saved lier from drowning. 12;jt in fact her deliverer was really tlio long-lost licir—tho young Henri de Corneville, now captain of an crmcd ship, with a roving commission, who a year before had put ashoro at Ilonfleur to revisit the house of his fathers. At the opening of the opera ho again returns—and this time he resolves to tako possession of his ances tral castle. Tho hiring- fair, where he engages servants—amongst others Gorniaine, Serpolette, and Grenicheux (now turneircoachman), concludes the first part of tho story. Tho scene changes to the haunted halls of the chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, break into tho doserted rooms—and lay their plans to surprise tlio adventurers, whom they rtippose to be really tho ghosts of the village tradi tion. Two discoveries bearing directly 011 the fortunes of tho two heromea are hero vnatio by tiie Marquis. Firstly, ho finds that the girl he rescued from the soa is tho Oormaino who lias captivated him, but who believes herself bound hi honor to Greniehenx. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left by old Gaspard) referring to the flight of Comte do Lucenay and the placing ;>f his infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Serpolettc immediately rushes to the conclusion that she is the noblo child in question, and thenceforth givey herself all the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of someone is announced hy the scouts—Greniehenx is put into a Miit of mail to watch the intruder unseen—and the Marquis and his crow retire to tho armoury. Tho "ild miser appears—works his phantoms —lights the candelabra—wallows in his gold—and then comes a swift and awful vengeance. The rusty bolls toll— a ghostly chaut is hoard—then a legend of mailed spcetres'-all tho dead and buried lords of Conic ville appear—and advance on tho appalled mtaer, who sinks wondering .and terror-stricken on hi? This startling tableau concludes the second part of the story. The last act is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attached to Germaine. This is aoue by patching together the hints dropped in his ravings by old Gaspard—who con Hrnia them on hi? return to sanity, and owns that Gemiaine is not his niece, butMdlle. de Lnccnay. lu the same moment that young lady learns that .^ie is froo to her hand where she loves, for that to Heuri do CornoviUe, ;md not (ireuicUcux, owed her life. Across the serious interest of the denouement comes the lighter texture of Serpoleites fortunes. No sooner does she assume the silks and pa tins of rauk than sho is undeceived as u> ]ior real position, aud has again to look iunvard to sabots aj)d cotton. Over tho betrothal "f the Marquis and Gormaine come, tliis time gladlv. the chimes of if l*es Cloches do Corne rille." 