Phrenology - Anatomically Condemned. The following criticism of the science of Phrenology was'delivered by Dr Young,; of this town, before the members of the Hor sham Debating Society last Tuesday, and will, we are sure, be read with interest by all our readers who take any interest' in phrenology. The doctor spoke as follows : hMr Chairman-Some of the gentlemen who have spoken to-night regard physiognomy and phrenology as so closely allied that thec, might be examined and criticised as one. i-ut this I consider amistake. 'They are two' distinct sciences, resting upon different "foundations, embodying different principles., and consequently they ought to be examined separately, and be made to stand on their owh merits. As to physiognomy, there must Ithink be general agreement to a consider able extent. The outstanding traits of a man's character are very often displayed in his face. There are features which we unhesitatingly call sensual, or intellectual, or haughty, or tupidaurbenevolent. Temporary moods of mind-make themselves visable in the face, and a predominant mood by frequent repetition stereotypes itself in the features. For our belief of this we have a sure physio logical basis. The change in the face pro duced by mental states are brought dbout by muscular action, and when certain mental statesrecur more frequently than oth?ers, thei certain groups of facial muscles get m6re work to do, and in accordance with the welleknown law of development, their mascls, become larger and more prominent. This. develop ment of muscle again reacts uponJits bony sheleten of thefaceandaltersit. Physiognomy has thus a fair foundation in ar'atomy cod physiology. But while the leadi;l:traits of a man's character may be often made out by the expert physiogomist, it is very doubtful if niceties of character can be certainly dis tinguished. Physiognomy in a word cannot' claim to be an exact science. This deficiency phrenology claims to be able to supply, and to test its claims is specially my object in ad dressing you to- night, and in doing so I in teed (for the subject is large) to examine its pretension from one point of view alone, viz., anatomical. The method is justifiable, for phrenology lays down its lines on an anatomical Oasis. The following then is my statement of the postulates or first principles of phrenology, and if these cannot be substantiated, every one of themi, phrenology as a science falls to to the ground : 1\. The brain is the material organ of mind and character. 2\. The brain is subdivided definitely into portions whose functions are to exercise a certain power of mind or element of character. 3\. These portions of the brain protrude on the surface or retract according as the cor rec!onding elemnents of mind and character are vicorous or-'reak. . 4\. These protuberances or depressions on the surface of the brain produce correspond ing protuterances or depressions in the skull. 5\. The protuberances or depressions in the skull can be made out by the manipulation of the skilled phrenologist. Now proceeding-to examine them in the re verse order of that in which they have been stated, I remark, first, that there is very much greater dificulty in making out pro jections or deprissionosin the bony skull than. might at first be imagined. Dissecting from the outside inwards-we find in flid scalp first skin, then a dense fibro-cellular layer, then a muscular or tendinous layer, then ?again a'fibro-cellular liyer, and finally inimediately covering the bone, a strong fibrous me~mbrane. All these layers vary in differeiit' indi viduals, and in the same individualat differ-' ent parts, s u much so that the eIperienced surgeon is sometimes deceived anl"imagines there is an elevation or depression of -bone, whilst this is simply owing to change in one orm- re of the scalp tissues. This is one source of error to phrenologists, and may per haps help to explain how it hapens as it often does, that two phrenologists after ex amining the same head, are almost certaih to estimate a large number of bumps 'differi ently. I have known oases where an organ called large by one phrenologist has been called medium and-even small by-'another. But the difficulties of 'phrenologists are seen to be immensely increased when 'o look at the bony skull. This consists mostly of r three layers-an outer hard layer, a-'middle spongy layer, and an inner harad layer. These vary in thickness in different indi vidnals, and in the same individual at different parts. There are besides in certain parts large cavities in the bone, w)icL:vary inaiid in different individuals. The phren. ologist cannot tell how much of the super fiial -protnberance or depression osYf tskull is;owing to unusifal thickening ors thinning of one or other of the three bony layhers, or toathei large or sm~all size of the aimcavities. By-tho-bye, just noder these air cavities phrenologists hare specially crowded -their so called organs. - We admire thhe.courage bat question the discretion of this.I Thirdly, phtenologists say that enlargef~eit or \- diminution of a tract of brain:;causes corresponding protuberance or depiression of the part of the cranium over it. No doubt the inner surface of the skull takes the general outline of the brain, but that this always holds good of small portions of brain supposing them to enlarge we deny.p A small portion of brain -enlarging will~ produce presenre in all directions, and where that pressure will be effective depends upon the resistance offered.. The part of skull ju t over this enlarging part of brain may be further advanced-, in ossification thhn "other surrounding parts. " In that case the pressure will tell, not on the part of skull just over the tract of brain,,but- oh another part, and this puts phrenology into inextricable con fusion '; or the pressure.of an enlarging part. of the brain'mayftell miinly on near- parts of the brain substance,' causing diminution of their size. lhen, does projection of a part of the braii.on the surface necessarily mean extra activity and strength of that portion ? We deny it. .The brain substance consists chiefly of three elements —cells, fibres, and neuroglaia. The functions of the brain are carried on by th6first two, the third acting apparently as packing for the others. Projection of a part of brain on the surface of the hemisphere may be owsing to increase of the packing only, whilst there is actual diminution in the size, numbers or activity of the active elements of the brain, viz., cells and fibres. We know that a large brain does not necessarily mean a strong intellect, and what is true of theljrair as a whole may be reasonably infdrred with regard to its parts. But it is just on this idea of gross size, and not even on absolute size, but only an extent of projection in one direction, that phrenology bases its influence as to mind and character. It cannot tell how far the brain portions entered inwards or outwardo lo the base, for there are regions that the finger of manipulation cannot reach. Strange, too, all the elements of mind and character have been localised just where the finger of the phrenologist can reach or with some show of reasonableness pretend to reach.- What about the many convolutions which never come in contact with the cranium? What about the large gauglia at the base of the brain which occupy so much space, but space which the finger can only reach by dissection! Have these parts no.quality of mind and character assignedtothem? Truly nature has been kind to the phrenologist, has made things as easy for him as she could. The parts that his finger cannot cover are of no consequence, and all the elements of mind and character are set on the surface of the hemisphere. The general idea of nature we obtain from other silenceas is, that she hides herself from man, and is only to be understood slowly by prolonged study. Like a shy maiden she is wooed and won with the greatest difficulty, but in phrenology she is seen to cast aside her -veil of maiden modesty and to throw heself into the arms of Gall and Spurzheim for them. What a pity nature did not also make her skulls of nvarying thickness like the iron plates of- a boilermaker, and what a shame that she introduced air tissues at any part. In this she has by no means shown the same con sideration, and in fact spoiled the effect of her complaisance- in placing the brain substance. Lastly the brain is subdivided into parts devoted to the exercise of amativeness, veneration, conscientiousness, etc. Our knowledge of the brain though yet in its in fancy has made considerable progress is the last few years through the labours of Ferrier and others. It has been made out that part of the brain is sunbdivided into tracts which have separate functions, but these functions are almost entirely motor for the surface of the hemispheres so far as made out, and there are no facts whatever to indicate that elements cf character are so localised. There is only a single case in which a portion of brain has been shown to have any connection with any of the 30 or 40 bumps. If a cer tain part of the brain be injured, aphasia or loss of memory for words results. But this part of thie brain is not that fixed on by phrenologists as the seat of either language or memory and there are no facts to show that this part of the brain is specially large in those who have the "gift of the gab." Injury to parts of the brain, loss of brain substance, and experiments on the higher animals have enlarged our knowledge of the brain functions,but every fresh advance in that knowledge so far from yielding any con firmation of phrenology has either flatly contradicted it or silently ignored it. Many a man has lost -a bit of the brain" where phrenologists have placed veneration or, conscientiousness, ,etc., but the changes, of character which might have been expected to take place have not happened. In in sanity some element of character or mind is often greatly exaggerated or may be almost wanting. Here if phrenology were true we would expect to find in the brain of the maniac some visible change. If one part of thebrain is associated with conscientiousness, then- in moral 'insanity we would expect to find that part of the brain atrophied or diminished in size, but this is never found. The study of the brain changes in insanity gives no countenance to phrenology. On every side therefore where we can apply accurate scientific tests to phrenology it is found wanting. Every advance of our knowledge of the brain functions during the last 20 yearns has put another nail in the coffin of phrenology ; but, indeed, already in scientific circles,- this science has received decent burial, and though its ghost still haunts this upper world the progress of knowledge will doubtless lay this ghost, as it has laid many others to disturb the world no more. Character and mind it is probable are associated with peculiarities of molecular condition in the brain cells, and not with' gross size of 'brain tracks.' These molecular peculiarities are inappreciable not only to the finger but to the most powerful microscope, and therefore for a man to put his hand on another's head for the purpose of reading his character is as if he should lay his hands on the sides of an ironclad, and therefrom attempt to describe the nature of the cargo. 