OUR DERBY TIP. (CUT THIS OUT, IT MAY SAVE YOUR MONEY—AND IT MAY NOT.) WHAT'S going to win 1 " that is the question," as Hamlet said to his father's ghost, when the old man was hanging round the back gate of the castle. " What is going to land the blue ribbon of the turf ?" 1 1 Aye, there is the rub," as the old whist player remarked at the end of the game. Is Archie going to do it? The oracle is doubtful about it. He is too hot a favourite, and hot favourites don't as a rule win the Victorian Derby. Remember, dear friends, the ",'pots," His Lordship and Newminater. Remember, and, remembering, hedge. Will " Off Colour" do that equine acrobatic feat known as catching the judge's eye ?'' Well, the oracle is doubtful again, and wants to know how about his owner, W. Branch, Esquire. Can he win with Branch's leaf? Will "Off Colour" be pink on the day? As the Bporting writers say, " Will he be 'cherry ripe ?" Martini-Henry will be the great gun of the race, and aB he belongs to a White man, backers will have a big run for their money. No one will be surprised to see him." shoot" ahead of Archie and the rest of the crowd, next Saturday. Sardius, or as the bookmakers call him, SardineB, comes next, and our Adelaide friends consider his chances anything but "fiBhy" Remember the words of the poet: "I saw young Sardius, with his number up," and if you do bet, put a trifle on the Adelaide nag. Signor is looked upon by many as the horse, and remembering the Italian proverb— " Signor willwi nifh ecan "— an eye must be kept on this gentleman. If he should be speedy enough to upset the flying Archie and Martini Henry o'er the green sward, we will add something to his name and call him " Signor Verdi." Hurricane is bound to come with a wild rush at the end. His supporters at present " blow " like anything. Any way, if he does come at all, it will be in a " Hurri." We look upon him as a likely horse to carry off the " blew " ribbon of the turf. Vernet, the property of Sir W. J. Clarke, is IaBt on our list, but not the least by no means. If the sporting baronet was going to ride him himself, we should not put a shilling on him, but aB he has engaged the services of a first-class jockey, why we may put a trifle on the nag. St. Lawrence'iB'like the gentleman who kept out of the row—"not in it." After his Caulfield running, we cannot see the saint canonised. Of course he might do it, for all things in politics and horseracing are possible, but if he does may we be there to see the bookmakers jump on their hats and give way to other expressions of delight too peculiar to mention. To conclude, we feel that we cannot trust to pen to convey all we think and feel to an intelligent public, as^^to we have called in our pencil to assist us, and " thus the rrmnmftfeifljj^H the remainder thus":- PLOTHTON'S Bong, " Reading Thine Eyes/' is all very well, but reading PUNCH ALMANAC will be better. 