MR. TYMPANY'S TEMPTATION. (Frurn Truth.) , Ma. PODMOB-E Tempany, felt very much disgusted when the fair widow who liad consented to share his name handed Jiim available bracelet in order that he might get a tniseing stone replaced. He was an êlderly bachelor of miserly proclivities, and did Hot half relish the commission, though he could not very well refuse. It had been the aim of his life to marry a wife with a fortune, and as Mrs.'Bramwell jay possessed this desirable qualification, he was naturally anxious to avoid offend ing her. He therefore reluctantly took the brace let to -Mr. Bevia, the jeweller in Saek ville-street, but finding the cost of replac ing the missing stone would be consider able, be could not summon up courage to give the . order. He locked the bracelet up at bis lodgings, and fretted a great deal about the unnecessary expense the widow liad put him to. By degrees, how ever, he became calmer, for it happened that Mrs. Bramwell Jay ommitted to make any inquiry about her property. As time slipped by he began to hope that the lady had actually forgotten all about it— ■which, indeed, seemed to be the case. Naturally Mr. Tempany did not feel called upon to refresh her memory, and, thas it came abont that the bracelet 'remained in his possession until the date fixed for the wedding was close at lia.nd. Just at this inconvenient time a friend of Mr. Tempany's—to whom he was under obligations in the way of business—must needs get married, and Mr. Tempany felt compelled to give him a wedding present. He resented this disagreeable necessity very much, because he had suffered a great deal of uneasiness of late owing to •the increase in Iiis expenditure incident to his engagement. He was also, at the ■moment,. particularly depressed by the prospect of having to pay for a honeymoon trip to the Italian lakes, not to mention such comparatively trifling items as an outfit for himself and promiscuous "gratuities to everyone oil his » eddiñg day. Even the consoling reflection that, once married, his wife's income would be amply .«ufHcient for both failed to soothe him, , and "in this unhappy frame of niind, he, | snddenly recollected Mrs. Jay's bracelet. Since he absolutely must give a wedding Eresent to his friend Bullivant, why should e not make use of his bracelet ? It was a great temptation, for the ornament had Jain in his draw several weeks, and Mrs. Bramwell Jay. had apparently forgotten it. If she should happen to ask for it before their marriage, he could invent, eoniie plausible excuse to account for the : delay- in returning it. When they are married, lie could pretend he had lost it, or that it had been stolen, and if driven into a corner he could replace it by an inferior article. As a matter of fact, however, Mr. Tempany did not pause to reflect upon remote contingencies, for he felt so inexpressibly relieved at the pros pect of avoiding further expense at the ,ino.ment, that lie yielded blindly to an 'overpowering temptation. As to the morality we suppose that he vaguely imagined he had some sort of legal property ■ in the bracelet, in anticipation of his rights a3 a husband. ' However this may be, Mr. Tempany despatched the bracelet to his friend's wife ■with a neatly-worded letter of congratula tion and good wishes. The fact of one of the stones being missing was a little \- awkward, because it showed that " the ■^liVüCCICtSfM in. ■' • Lruv flattered himself that he had -got over this difficulty very adroitly by remarking that the bracelet had been a cherished heirloom in his family for years, and that he would never have parted with it to any one but to the wife of his dear and esteemed ' friend Bullivant. By return of post he received a hearty letter of thanks from that lady, and also from his friend, and Mr. Tempany experienced a thrill of virtuous satisfaction at having for once in his life gained credit for generosity. Of course, he did not mention his little episode to Mrs. Bramwell Jay, and he mentally resolved never to introduce Bullivant to her. But a few days after wards he was considerably startled by the widow saying :— ' By-the-by, Podmore, a friend of mine -writes that she had such a nice letter from you. Amy Mark ham and I weré öld school fellows. You never told me you knew her.' * I never heard the name,' said Mr. Tempany, uneasily. * How stupid of me ! That was her maiden name, of course,' exclaimed Mrs. Bramwell Jay, taking a letter from lier "desk. '.It appears she has recently been , married. Her husband is Mr.—Mr.— j such a queer name, and I can't read her ! signature ! But he is a friend of yours.' ! ' Not Bullivant ! 4 said Mr. Tempany, with a start. 4 Yes. She writes that lier husband is an old friend of yours, and that you sent her a beautiful bracelet. How good of you Podmore ! You never gave nie a Oeautiful bracelet,' added the widow, reproachfully. ' Amy says she will be passing through t?ie town to-morrow, and will make a point of -calling to show nie the bracelet,' continued Mrs. Bramwell Jay, innocently. • She says it is extremely handsome, and she wants to read me your kind letter. Are you ill, Podmore J' ' No, no. It is the lient of the fire, frasped Mr. Teuipany, wiping bis fore head. ' I wanted you to come somewhere with me to-morrow, Tiieodosia for the whole day, I mean. I haven't been to the—the Crystal Palace for year?, or to Greenwich Park. Wi.ll you come to Greenwich Park, Theodosia V he added, desperately. ' What horr dly vulgar places ! How absurd you are, Podmore exelr.imed the widow, looking at him rather curiously V '* Besides, I want to see Amy when she calls. I shall certainly stay in for her to morrow.' ' \- 41 shouldn't if I were you,' said Mr. Tempany, earnestly. ' Very considerate of her, 1 call it, to swoop down upon you like this.' ; * I don't think so,' returned Mrs. Bram well Jay. ' I want particularly to see the j bracelet you sent her.. Will you come and meet her, Podmore V ' N-', no, thank you. Certainly not,' replied the unhappy man, hastily seizing his hat. ' I mean that 1.shall be busy all to-morrow—particularly busy. Another time I shall be delighted.' ' I suppose you and Amy have never metí' remarked the widow, with a suspicions glance. ' Never i No, never! I assure you,' answered Mr. Tempany, and being anxious to avoid further questions, he \ beat a hasty retreat. j His -state <»f = agitation and nervous apprehension may be easily imagined, for ¡ it seemed inevitable that the deception he had practised would be exposed. The widow couid not fail to recognise her own j bracelet, and would, of course, call upon hi ni for .un explanation. The situation J Was embarrassing, to say tlia least, and ! might lead ta awkward consequences. Mrs. Bramwell Jay, in her natural dis gnstrand indignation, would in all proba bility break off the .engagement on the spot, and the story will be known ail over London. Mr. Teuipatny got no sleep that night, and becscme more and more unuasy every moment. It suddenly occurred to him, in the midst of his mental perturba tion, that he had committed an act of felony punishable by law. It was au awful reflection, and caused Mr. Tempany to 'break into a cold prespiration. The disagreeable contingency—however, re Imote of finding himself in a duck, liad the effect of spurring his imaginative aud inventive powers, so that, inspired by sheer desperation, he at length concocted a story which he hoped might serve his purpose. The consequence was that wlien, in the course of the nest day, he received a peremptory note from the widow, requesting him to call upon her immediately, he was able to keep the appointment with an outward appearance of calm. ' Mr. Tempany, this is most extraordi nary,' said Mrs. Bramwell Jay, after a very cold greeting. *Amy has been here this morniug and I find that the bracelet you presented her is mine ! I gave it to you to take to the jewellers.* * Nonsense !' exclaimed Mr. Tempany, with a well-feigned start of .surprise. 1 It is impossible." 'Impossible ! Why here it is,' said the widow, producing the ornament. ' There can be no mistake about it. I will swear to it. Of course Amy returned it to me, aud I have lost no time in asking you for an -explanation. ' ' What an odd circumstance -quite : ludicrous ; I must speak to Bevis. He evidently gave me back your bracelet in ; mistake for the one I had bought,' said! Mr. Tempany, speaking quickly aud nervously. / Who is Bevis V inquired Mrs. Bram well Jay. "Did you mean the jeweller, in Sáckville-street.' 'Yes. I never opened the case after he handed it to me across the counter, but sent it direct to Mrs. Bullivant,' "explained Mr. Tempany, gaining confi dence. * I recollect it was the same day I left your bracelet to be repaired. It is ! clear how the mistake arose.' I 'Still, it seems extraordinary,'repeated1 the widow, evidently only half convinced. ' The jeweller must be a veiy earless man, and deserves a good scolding. Suppose we go at once and ask him what lie nieans by it ? The carriage is at the door*and I am dressed for my drive as you see.' 'Pray,.don't trouble Theodosia. I—I really think you had better slay at home on a cold day like this,' cried Mr. Tem pany, with fearful eagerness. ' I will call on Bevis at once—this instant—but there is no occasion for you to go. ' 'Oh! I should like to go, and shall enjoy the man's confusion,' returned the lady rather sharply. 'Besides, I am curious to see the bracelet you have chosen for Amy. ' Mr. Tempany was so utterly taken aback by this sudden and unexpected whiui of Mrs. Bramwell Jay's th^t he could not find another word to say. He followed the lady meekly to her carriage a id ' °ok his seat beside her, feeling like a criminal being led to the execution. The ill-timed visit to the jeweller's must he felt, inevitably complete his discomfi ture, for Mr. Beris would naturally deny all knowledge of the bracelet. It reallv seetnea as Äougn toe oniy-courae oplnea to him was to confess everything on thé" spot, to avoid needless exposure 'and dis grace. But Mr. Tempany could not bring ninLself to acknowledge the deceit unless he was absolutely obliged, and during the drive he resolved as a last chance to hurry into the shop alone, on pretence of inquiring if Mr. Bevis were within and take the opportunity to whisper a word of warning in his ear. No doubt the jeweller was open to a bribe and would make no difficulty about screening him. In his desperate state Air. Tempany took heart at this idea, and even contrived to converse with the j widow with apparent eqanimity. , a^as ' h*3 little scheme was fus trated by the accidental circumstance of the coachman taking a wrong turning, so that when the carriage stopped the side on which the widow was seated was near est the pavement. The footman, too, W5j _Pnfortunately a very smart youth, and descended from the box with. such alacrity that the carriage door was opened before Mr. Tempany had recovered his surprise at having reached the jeweller's. Xh* consequence was that the widow alighted ùrst; and stepped into the shop, while Mr. Tempany, feeling that the fates were against him, and that he was pursued by a relentless nemesis, followed after her m a state of despair. Mr. Bevis, how came you to make siich an extraordinary mistake ? You are Mr. Bevis, I presume,' said the widow approaching the counter. . Y.es' Madam,' said the jeweller quietly. Will you be seated ? What mistake ? Mrs. Bramwell Jay explained with fatal precision, while Mr. Tempany stood by, bursting with desperate eagerness to put m a warning word. Bv sheer force ot will and mesmeric influence he suc ceded m catching Mr. Bevis' eye during the recital. Now Mr. Bevis, the jeweller, was a shrewd little man, and a glance at the agonised expression on Mr. Tempany's eager and bloodless face sufficed to put him on the alert. " He knew the unhappy gentleman by sight and also by reputation, and though their transactions had been extremelylimited in extent, lie had pretty well fathomed his character. He therefore guessed at once how th^ land lay, and what was required of him and though he made no si"n a ghost of a smile flickered for an instant about the corners of Iiis mouth when the widow had finished aud awaited his reply. 'I am extremely sorry, madam,' he answered with calm deliberation. 'It—it was very careless,'Mr. Tempany was emboldened to say, though Iiis heart was beating fiercely. ' Very,' said the widow, emphatically manifestly taken aback. ' I cannot imagine how you could have done such a thing.' ' Mistakes will sometimes happen in tit .rc'2n'atcd establishments,' said : Air. Bevis with humility, while Mr. Teuipany felt a strong desire to evince his I gratitude by falling on his neck. " Where is the bracelet Ihis gentleman purchased, then,' inquired tile widow, still in an incredulous tone. For an instant Mr. Tempany's uneasi ness revived, but Mr. Boris uas quite equal to the emergency. Without a mo ments hesitation he turned around and produced from a drawer behind, a case which lie laid upon the counter. ' Mr. Tempany was so overwhelmed with a blessed feeling of relief that he j felt no cnrinsity a? to the contents of the case. His attention was attracted to it ! by & startled exclamation from Mrs. Bramwell Jay :— ' Oli ! Podmore. What a splendid bracelet I Why, it is a blaze of dia monds V she cried, clashing her hands. 'JEh !' exclaimed Mr. Tempany, has tily putting oil, his glasses with^ startled air. .' What! Good heavens ! That isnfc the bracelet .that.I-—chose.' he added; see* in?? at a glauca that it must be worth several hundred pounds. . 4 Yes, it is, sir,' returned Mr. Be vis, in a very quiet decisive tone. 4 JSo. I-1 think'not, at least, gasped Mr. Tempany, but seeing the shrewd look ou Mr. Be vis' face, which said as plainly as possible that the bracelet was the<price of the service lie had Tendered, Mr. Tem pany subsided into a frightened and un easy silence. . „ * Oh 1 Podmore. This is really too good for Amy. Much more than is ne cessary, Tin sure,' said the widow, who had been gazing enraptured at the oraa 4 Yes, Theodosia, so I think,'acquiesced Mr. Tempany, eagerly. 4 It is too rich. I'm -sure she would like something quitó plain better. A gold band or silver spangle would be much more suitable. 1 think I will change it.' 4 No, Podmore, I have an idea. Amy was delighted "with my bracelet, and she shall have it. I will keep this one instead of my own as a present from you,' said the widow in a tone of decision. It will be the first really handsome present you have given me you know.' . , 1 4 I'm sure you don't want it Theodosia^ said Mr. Tempany with a sort of groan. < It it doesn't suit your complexion, 1 ni afraid.' __ ,, . 4 Yon think not. " Iiook, Mr. Bevis. What do you say,' exclaimed the widow, ! clasping the bracelet oft lier shapely arm. 4 Excellent,' cried Mr. Bevis, in a tone of emphatic admiration, for which Mr. Tempany hated him on the spot, ' nothing could look handsomer.' 4 Very well. Thén that is settled, said ! Mrs. Bramwell Jay, pleasantly. * I'm sure Amy will be glad to iget my bracelet back again.' . , , 4 You will have the stone replaced, oi course, sir,' said Mr. Bevis, in a business like tone as he took up the discarded or- , nament. 4 Oh ! certainly, interposed the widow, before Mr. Tempany could falter a re mark. 4 In fact, I thiuk the setting should be renewed altogether. It is too old fashioned.' . 41 will make a good of it, replied Mr. Bevis, putting the case on one side. " Good day, madam. Good day to you, SUMr. Tempany went out of the shop without another word, being quite speech less with mingled emotion. His horror at the probable amount of the jeweller s bill was only equalled by the maddening feeling of helplessness which kept him from remonstrating. So far from experi encing satisfaction at his escape, he was now inclined to think thai it had cost him too dear, aud his sentiments towards Mr. Bevis had changed to deep resentment. He had excused himself from accompany ing the widow for the remainder of her drive, feeling that he must be alone to j brood over his crushing miafortnnes. Í The lady seemed neither surprised nor hurt at this sudden desertion. Mr. Tem pany liad au uncomfortable suspicion that she rather enjoyed his discomfiture. She was charmingly affable, however, and overwhelmed him with expressions of giulliuj». fv/i Iilo ho.L.iIoomo present jvli£n ~hé showedTftnrîïïtïriÏOT câiTTage. 4 By-the-by, Podmore, dear,' she ex claimed putting her head out of the win dow as he drove off, 4 what could have in duced you to say in your letter to Amy that this lovely bracelet was an heirloom in your family.' This significant speech rinkled a good deal in Mr. Tempany's mind when he had sufficiently recovered from his state of horrified bewilderment to think it over. It really sounded as if the widow suspec ted she had been imposed upon, though she had not scrupled to turn the circum stance to account. It may have been owing to a guilty conscience, but Mr Tem pany certainly fancied that from that day forward the widow began to manifest de cided coolness towards him. So apparent did this become to him, that if he had had any self-respect he would have.termi nated the engagement. However, as Mr. Tempany regarded his marriage, as we know, from a very material point of view, he was not inclined to be easily af fronted. At the last moment, however, an expe rienced obstacle occurred. The widow's solicitor intervened with some very nasty suggestions about a marriage settlement. This did not suit Mr. Tempany's views at all, and being unable to come to terms with the lawyer, he appealed somewhat indignantly to the lady herself. Mrs. Bramwell Jay refused to interfere, saying that she was entirely in the hands of her legal adviser, and the upshot was that finding the widow's fortune was so strictly tied up that he might be reduced to the unpleasant necessity of supporting his household with his own money, Mr. Tem pany resolved to remain a bachelor until a more favorable opportunity offered. Of course, this was a dreadful blow to him. It aged him considerably, for when he came to add up what, his engagement had cost him in one way and another in actual £ s. d., he was fearfully horrified at the amount. Mr. Bevis' account brought tears to Iiis eyes, and reduced him to a state of incipient imbecility for days. He had to pay it, however, nor did he get a farthing discount. But it was at least a faint consolation to think that ho would recover something out of the fire. The bracelet would fetch a good round sum, even at second hand, and this reflection buoyed him up a little so long as he was permitted to indulge in it. But alas ! Eveu this small solace was denied him, for in acknowledging a small parcel containing the presents she had made him, the widow wrote as follows :— De ab Mu. Tempany.—Thanks for your sad, sad letter, and enclosures. I do not like to think of what might have been but for those dreadful lawyers. I return all the gifts you gave me except one, which I am sure yon will allow me to keep and wear as a souvenir. The bracelet—your last gift—1 cannot bring myself to part with and I nromise to keen it alwavs— always!— Your friend and well-wisber, Tueodosij^ Bhamyvkli, Jay. The " Whitehall Review" says that Mr. Gladstone never forgets and never forgives. The report h as been revived tliat Mrs. Cornelius Vanderhilfc, widow of the American Railway King, who, beginning life as a boatman, died worth £20,000,000, is about to marry General Beauregard, the Confederate chieftain. " Vanity Fair,, says that one of tlio prevalent mistakes is to think Englishmen patient and phlegmatic, and Frenchmen the revorsn. " Nothing on earth can be more patient than Frenchmen in crowds at theatres and stations." 