i0rSAPTURDAY, 28rd JUNE, 1883' AN- AUSTRALIAN ,EXHIBTION IN LONDON. A rao osrros has been madeo and ifavourably?entertained in some quaitris, to have a permanent Australian ehilbi tion established in London- as an educational institution. The subject ciopped up 'at the meeting of the Foots-e cray Borough Council on Wednesday evening ]ast; n considering a circular received from the Ne hlim Councilsin relation thereto.- A; 'lengthened aid diiursive dliscussio 'followed'the read ng .of :?the letter--and considerable diversity .tofytopinion.. was -manifested, wliici finally culminited, byi th casting voteiof the chairman, in the appoint wiut of a deleg~te to confer with those inte~eited in this important subject. For f'er part, we cannot imagine what vilidiobjection can be urged against the proposal, provided, the means for arirying it ,ot are within the compass of our coloiaial ability. That a vast amouint of ignorance still- exists in 'Great .Britain in relatio4 to theep :oloniies we have abandant evidence; and:, the immigration of desirable colonists to these shores is generally ~cdmmended.. Would the proposed exhibition, affording as it would tangi ble evidence of our prosperity, and praciical demonstration of our products, serve to educate the ignorance referred to or stimulate the desires of useful and substantial falrmers o emigrate to Australia 1 We think it would. No one wants to see the refuse of the cities, the indolent of the provinces and the neer-do-wells of all quarters fired with a burning desire to honour us by bidding adieu to the mother country and come out here to swell the criminal calender, multiply loafers and prove a nuisance and burden to the State. These people we do not want. We have more than our share of them already. Now'this is not the class of the community, in Great Britain, who would visit the proposed exhibition; nor would the sight of our wealth, the information obtainable regarding our resources, nor the evidence of our progressive pros perity have much influence, even if seen or realised. From this order of society hope has almost been obliterated, and energy has long since exhausted itself in the effort to keep body and soul together. Noappearanceof wealth would stimulate to activity, for indo lence is part of their nature. No evidence of our prosperity would quicken effort, for it has exhausted itself in solving the problems-how to live without toil and how to be comfortable without honesty. Those, therefore, who' hold back from the proposed ilon inL n~doi, otn the grounddlthat it ldld isca san influxi of iiundesirablo imuigrants.to .thlcsae coloniies, docnoat 'apjiaarl'sto h'iav sufciently "con sidered the matter in its practical "birrin ffd~ind ia - h o i-permiitted ~"their prejtdices-to-influence their judgment in tconidoeing tlne?la- of probability. 'No w'whatever differences;mayexist on the vexed qieotion of immigration, 'citl»8 oltpnt!iry to assiste'd;,we)tliink :there is a concensus of opinion that we .areVnfot so.'over ponpiatQdibutlwe.can: find plenty of room and at hearty welcome foc.men ofc ilitil, of skilland d~~c fip i : se_,ilicncirg. TliesW are j llt the. peple who vouldl lio?tatfrimfd -to-suoh l n-, nstitutiointio s itsfiTproposed. t6)establish. Tlhert they could seo foi ilromselves-anml-learn, from the trustees o iliMnngers how( dapital lmiightbl be 'safolyand profitaiblyT iitlisid, iowTskill heigla;t&lB; most nsufiully.iind'pefbly ployd, and how.the ,wcalthof enter-. prising energy migh't- -expendid n pushing forwardnttowards the goal of *comfortabloecompltelice' W.e. are "no ladviati.sesor 'woide' spread' and 'idm icriminoiate 'system of gnoverinentilo or .voluntryininisreatoII,.b ut ivwoui tl to see every facility afforded for informsi Stto iaiid to'Verv .ialndneoii lt'ffere' ato1 those.l,homay.,contemnpllate.lce.Iing,tlhe over-populated old country and settling 1down in-esoim6"'ofi the?.tt'meronus colonies-, .Furtl-is purposef if f ~orno.other we hail th'e-iroti8al rfrred to1' as a step 1in :dvance'iind believe, should it ibecomo h ann acomnlhshedtact it'willw W lrepay the!outlay Iby-,/thl solid and iractical results it? will comass in affording tangiblh-evidence-of ou at caltlh"and" resourceo, and stimulating the spiritof enterprise wviicli is so largely to 'be found in the Anglo-Saxonu race. u Ve haye plenty o room,,and tilh argumenu isifallaciousand thli'plicy bad. which condemns immigration on the plea that it would overstocklTtli enabo'r market and reduce wages. Immigrants of the class s- ej referred to .as:nmost-, likely to be attracted tothese shores by such an. educating medium as thd proposed ex hibition wyouldrcertainly prove, would be a source of wealt' as well asMtrength to the colonies. 'Theie ie"'ao itvwanting evidences that ' t is' qito wwithii tho compass of probability that 'tlielack of unskilled laboir miay yet lIead- t serious lass and incovenen ce. Atthe.predent juncture, farmers and contractors are crying for labourers and cannot get them because. the, governmentr works iire active."`' Skilled agri'cilturists 'are' also greatly in demand, and would be a boon to the farmersm; and, in many, of our industries~ requirIng absolute or partial skill, the operations of.mas ters are considerablycurtailed from lack of sufficient labor and.the insecurity of. it. Politicians and thoughtful colonists are not and& cannot be blind to the prob able adndlsocial -changes lour systeni of education is likely to produce-on, the uprising generation: Education:inspires if it does not create ambition., Educa-, ted youths will not stoop to trades, nor Jwill e they bi, satisfied .with .gaining their.! bread, by muscular . endeavours. This tendency is already observable. We don't commend it; nay, our con conviction is against it as unwise and vicious ; -but it- is a ;fact'nevertheless. Unless therefore people will learn in this colony that trades are better" for their sons than the drudgery of an office and quite as genbitel; unless theyl are careful to:impress on the'minds of their sons that manual labor is as honorable hndcalciuatinig, otr 'riviing a'a quilli the difficulty is not far,i remioto, and .will. have to be faced"when we hiave to. keep up the supply of skilled and un skilled labor. The present aspect' of oursocial life in this .beiring, poiridtito the necesity- an dadvantages of keeping up a steady influx of immigration of the right class, giving them every en cdturagement,to visiti'and isdttle here, anhd'affordin' thema' every prelimiiiary 'informttion so that they may not come out void- ofkriowledge of what they are doing fida" -whie they: aVf hBcinn g and what are their reasonable prosp'ecdt re garding ways and eniployment. 'Be lieying ethq , proposed bxhibition wili prove a rcalbenefit td fiecolonies;'and a source of education to our country men in GreatBritain,,we commend the Footscray.Borouigh Council for,its action in appointing'-delegates to consider the whole question:relative-to the establish ment of the proposed Austalian Exhi bitionin London. 'I"r~. 'i ,5.,:'T "`i: .(hr Williamstwnma .division n-of' the Naval Reeserve sad the Williamstown- Artil lery held a battlieha parade on' Tiuesday evening. Tie maon were formied at the orderly room into four companies, the battal ion :being under the command, of Captaii Fullarton, of theRteserveowhbo iid with" him Lieet. oRobertson £hnd'Gunnners'Frazier hand .Col~ns., Theo .Artillery officers were Major, DIuich, Captain and Adjutant Perrin, and Ca:tains Outtrim, Salmon, and Goldstein. After arranging preliminaries at tho; drill." room, the band of the Artillery led the way to thb local Gardens Beserve,'where a hTiumii her df'battalion evolutions' were done very creditably. To conclude, the'battalion was formed into line, with fixed swords, and the' charge .wasordered..-' The. force were&then; marched to a position near the post office, and were .dismissed.. The parade oeheet showed that 97 mdenber of the Recerva and SO of tlhekrtille'ry'"ceeipresent! _,. . , : An application_' was *madeo: to the Chief Justice ih Chambers, on Saturday last to restrain the justices at Footscray from en. forcing an order by which James Harris, ainUtioneer, was fined 40s for obstructing a portion of Paisley street. The application to his Honour'was supported by the atfidavits .of Mr. Harris and Mr. Kidston. setting forth that Harris had purchased the land, in eluding the' 14It. claimed by the Footscray Council, and by the production of a certifi cate of title. His Honor granted a rule nlia, returnable before the Full Court. The Wyndhant Racing Club held their winter meetiug on Saturday last. Tho weather was fhe, gad there was a large attendance. Businesscommenced with Selling-Handicap, which was won by Nymph, with Ard Righ second, and Drumstick third. Half a dozen horses started for the Hurdle 1tace, victory falling to Miller, with Storm bird second, and the favourite, Merry Maid, third. Owing to the weights of the weighing. machine being mislaid, a delay of nearly a quarter of au hour occurred before the riders could be weighed in. Coriolanus was served up very warm for the WVyndham Handicalp, but he suffered an easy defeat frqm I)onnie Bee, Barley Bree being third. The enjoyment of the Steeplechase was marred throughl the fatal accident which befell Hose, the aider of Sunshine, who fell at the third fence when. running second. Barlow, the jockey who was riding Rocket, had his collar hone fractured in the same race. Magic was made the favourite, and he justified the con lidenceo by goi.g to the front in the second round, and winning easily from Peter, who came very fast at the finish. Ynrio wa third, The Ghost easily appropriated the Werribeo Park Handicap, Chloris being second, and Belle Brandon third. Con-. eiderablo dissatisfaction was expressed at the railway arrangements, as the special train did not lease on the return journey until half an hour after the advertised time, and as the train stopped at all intermediata stations, visitors did not reach town until nearly half.past 7 o'clock. Considerable anxiety is felt in Volunteor circles concerning the . acheme about to be propounded by Major Sargood anent the reurganisation of the force. Some are of opinion that in striving after too much he will jeopardise the proposed dy~bem. King 'mud still rules supreme in Footscray, and to all appearance no attempts are to be made by the local magnates to alter the state of things. . Why is this thus ? is the cry of disappointed taxpayers. SThe'business .ai the' f ntsayty . eI batingClase in the Mechasics' Institute, on' Monday night coneisied oUfa discassioi on the rules of;:debate. Ar?iagements:Were madeoto hold a- sosial' evening at anearly: dlate. .. , The amount of rates received by the Waslliariestoivncolletoeiriiriifigthoe fortiighit' ending 11th June was £2977 1Os 7d--being £300 over and above last years r :ceipts. On. Saturdayilast theo3ard of Advice for the district of Wiiliamstown, met in the North State School to investigate an alleged (ehseci'criuelft, aailst the- head,teacblier .Mr. Ulbrick. "The members of the Board were Messra:)Halley,'Hiddle, Ceruity, Johnstone andT?oL.sdale. Tee inivestigation arose out of a charge made by Mr. Roche, who alleged that Mr. .Ulbrick had unmercifullypbeaten his boy. The'ehquiry found, hbwever, that ;Mrjs. 'Roche shad, requested Mr'- Ulbrick to chastise the' by, in cinsequcnceof ihich he rezeeivedsix'auts.; -The caseafter a fdillinves tixation was, to use a Police Court expression, diosmissed, the accused leaving the Court with With an unblemished chaideter. i It may here lid- meantisned -thala-Mlr.- Ulbriek- and-the mijority; of;theqteachers seldom ,beatIa ,child for.. truantism;-, hit.inform .the.the-parents andt cave them to administer whatever casti gasuii .: or i i dipuisen litLh ey2Liny'deem advisable i r \- uOn- h ndirel and-thiiteent new- hones have; eprung up lit Yarraxille within tlihe past twelve-mannths.---- ' .---- - -r :At' the isu'al fortnightly ?iieetingn of the" WVilli:anito~it"Y-"ung- . si' Lit efrry .and Scientifice Association r hall in the Pres)l;teriann SSnodayl Sbhdol 1oitThursday last, the subject for discussion was-1" ought tl'trieh' infodiuamii be lliw~d' tobi'fiig'to 'the colonies." IAfter aplenghy, debate during wliieh'th r?iestioii was-well end ll la~id before'the meetin,. it was car??ed, against th Irili. linfdim6'rs' bi' a 'idijorty of two, the division being affirmative 5, negative 7. At tlie ni viihi etfi tg.iliiwhli'tifake pldTE on Thuosday'next, thd~oujectft'fedie3sc i-i? is " His 'the' inmeat freking' eiportation "dm pany been'beeefietal-to tb i?oloi',-,. - I'-At-the Williamstown'Police Court yesterday -. Anthony,- Bartholomew, the Frenchmnai arrested'.oh Friday last by Constale- Delap'on a charge of entering the :house of Frank Soderberg, North Williams town, with intent to commit a felony, was committedito take his trial] ?t the Crimisnal Sessions. " SWe:learnjmby. a: London telegram, publishd in'yesterday's Argus that, the: Orient Steam Navigitinn Company's s.e.` Orient, -whicliAleft lMeiourne' ou lthe 9tih May with 2,4031 carcases iof'mutton and 800 cases of apples, arrived at Plymouth that. day. all well cThe consignment ias.'not"yet been.fully'examined;?ibut it believed to be' in good condition; ,:? r," . A house owned.: by Mr. James Callaghan (fireman on one of the coastingi steamers) situated on a piece of Government. groued'close to the Stony Creek` Bridge, Yarraville,; was totally consumed by fire ?on; Thursday night.' Callaghan ras absent from; home on the night in question and the occupants of the house were his wife and; four,children-boarded out boys from the Ididu'trial' Schools. . Mres: O'Callaghan went: to bed about 10 o'clock leaving a small firs; in the kitchen which it is surmised caused: 'thoecontlagration.; ;About an lihour after retiring' Mlr. Callaghian wis awdke by "one .of the children, .i an adjoining room crying 'out'that he was Leing smother.d. She at once rushed to the room but finding her way;..blocked i by ; smoke and flame: was 'obliged to break a window in the apartment from the outside of the house and. through this'the boys escaped?. By",this tino the Sfire, oiving to the strong wind blowing, had obtained complete possession of the tenament ani the woman was unable to save anything. 'A box- containing £20 was burned along with the household effects. The Yarraville Sugar Refinery Brigade. only succeeded in saving portion of a picket fence.,surrounding .the. cottage. The building andi furniture were insured in the Norwich Union F. I. SCo; for:f£130. " At a special meeting :of:, thio Ivy, Lodge of Druids June,lSth, A. D. in the chair, after opening the lodge 43 candidates presented themselves for 'initiatibn:. After wards an adjournmenbt was:: made': for harmony and' several songs'were given by tho' brothers; : , Ellen, Bowen,. Brideget .Canrry; and Henry James, were fined at the ,Williams town: Court on Tuesday, for allowing!;their cows to wander about the streets, of-the' town. Mr.Hopkins, J.I., intimated. that as tree :planting in the streetaswas about;to bet proceeded: iith, owners of wandering,. cattle must expect a heavier penalty, in;-future, than the os per cow, usually inflicted. 'At"the Foot?hray Court on Mondlay, a man arrestadl,en" h'iahrgeo o i'agranisy, :limed Joseph M1inty, was remanded for: medical treatment. A maintenance case and ;several' debt biass.were struck 'out;there lieing no appearance bf theprincipals.L. Wm. Norris. summoned- for £1 lls. 6d., due .in rates was ordered to pay the amount. At'tlhe iVlliat.stio\vi Policeo Court or Monday, before Mr. Rldger J.P. Joseph Dealey, a Cockney larrikin employed as a butcher ion the s.s. Sorato, was fined 20s. or, in'default,'three days imprisonment, for insulting behavidour.'" t ,1 '.The members of the Footseray Mechanics' Institute Debatinz -Society are" to in;ite their friends to a social on the 2nud :of, July. From the amount of amateur talent at the disposal of the Society a good night's enjoyment should be the result. STlio'great dress suit case, Aitkin v. Dobbin, is to be heard in the ,County Court on Fridhy next. S'At Footscray on Monday, whilst a liittle boy, lnamed Wilsoni, wai'puishbi 'do'wi by one of. his companions so. violently that it is feaired his shoulder-bladel is broken. :Boys"~w;il be boys. On3 Monrday lst, the malel jnulediles 'aBMr. Ulbrick'a"Nr?rh Stat'scehool, received with frantic expressions of approval, the intimation that one of the lady toachiere was about to leave the academy. IIt i rumoured o'n good aitlitority tha the hafhlihdrly traids from Melbourno to WVilliamstown and vlce vera are to be discon tiiued at close of present month. We trust thenmembers for the 'districts interested will take action. -',. t .-r " . We reeret to haLe to nnounmic the death of Mr. J V".,Green. whidli'tok pilace at- his residence, Mariner.street, dn'Monday. .last.: :Deceasedl was one of the pioneers of Williamstown, having arrived from Tasmania nearly 30 years agoiwhen the town! wvsnio its" infancy. The lath' Mr Grceh was, for a :number ofyears, one of our leading business men butlof'late he did iot take any active part in commercial or municipal 'affairs." As na mark of respect to'deceased, who'was for a long time a member of the local Artillery; the members of that corps followed the mortal remains of their comrade to the Cemetery on Wednesday. - Mr. M. Crawcour of Williamstown is not satistied with the verdict of the Supreme Court jury (May 21st) awarding £350 damages to Countable W. J. Walkin ohaw, and he has instructed his solicitors, Messrs. Gillott and Snowden, to made appli cation fqr a new trial' Mr. J. G. Abrahanm, pawnbroker, Hothnm, has been served with a writ issued by Mr. Gaunson, solicitor, on behalf of Con stable W. J. Walkinshaw, claiming £500 damages for alleged malicious prosecutiosi. The cause for the action crises out of claim ant's prosecution for perjury. It is stated that in addition to his suit against Abr.ham, Constable WValkinshaw meditates still further litigation, and that he is about to proceed naainst the MIelbourne Coal Company for damaees for injuries sustained by his falling down thie ho'd of the lighter Crishna, while in the discliarge of his duty, on the night of the 2nd stay. In reply to lth inquiry of the coin mittee of the Melbourne Hospital whlether the Wiliamstowu Sanatorium was available for patients suffering from fevers and other infectious diseases, the Chief Secretary has intimated that the institution had been established solely for the isolation of cases of small-pox, cholera, or other contagious maladies thich night be iutro4ice4 iinto the colony. This afternuoon the local volunteers tire the concluhiding lmatch of a rubber with the E. H, A. Thie W, A. team will probably be the glame as that whichl won the recent match against thie E. H. A. at the Victoria Ranges. A child which died from natural causes on the s. s Sorato on Monday evening was iuterred in the Williamstown Cemetery on Tuesday. The parents of the child were steerage plassngers and went with the Sorato to Sydney. They left behind £2 to pay for brialexpenses. The case of White v.'Deano came before the full court yesterday, when an application was made on behalf of the de fendant to set aside the verdict recently abtained by the plaintiff. After hearing the arguments of counsel, 'the court: reserved a judgment " 1 SAATboh WVillimnstown PolicelCourt on Wednesday a seaman attachled: to they sliip Kentish Star named Johnu Peterson was fined 103. with 3'. costs for smashing a /wiudow at ltho railway ?station. Prisoner had broken the "window wilfully and in so doing acted i?cording to' tho advice of'han:acquaint?nisi who told him it would gct him clear.of.-his ship. A swagman- named John} Olsenichr Swede by nationality, was sentenced to one m.bonths imprisoindent for vagrancy. - Oslr ? was arrested: by Constable: MoKenzie who found him - hawking- a beahing petition tlifouglh Wyndhim:n The petition; purported that Olsen hadl been discharged as an in. curable fromathsoKilmoro Hospital.'- 't. A'loafer who wiatstreated to'hbd ah'd board at theoBuilders'Arms on Saturday. and Suniday last, repaid Mrs' Gilbiert's hospitality liy' iarchingoff, early!on M?onday morning, Writh all the+ knives and forks he could lay hands'on'? He will be eiipected to' pay: for his lodging and entertainment next timne. "We are requested to call attention-to the'sale of pictures in Mr. Morgan's show room this afternoon, which are quite equal if not superior'to the last sale. 