LAUCESTON EXAMINER. PUBLISHED DAILY. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. In another columnwe: publish a paper laid on the table of the House of As- sembly on Thuraday last, giving amoungst other things an amended statement of length and estimated working expense of the proposed railways to Scottsdale, Fingal, and Hamilton. When the first Parliament paper appeared on this subject we remarked that the estimated working expence of each seemed to re- quire explanation. This in now given, and it appears that the former estimate was .based upon the supposed lengths of the sevaral railways before surveys were completed: the latter on actual lengths as ascertained by survey - a difference of some moment. A memo., dated 6th last, from Mr. Lord, manager of the L. and W. Railway, and Fincham, Engineer-in-Chief,is also included this later Parliamentary paper, which con- firms the advice we recently ventured to offer to those who are supposed to guide the destinies of Tasmanian at this juncture. We neil In effect, keep the's Main Ilene l3-nnipay at are/s. hsuL l, Tlhe gentle varo wen urIye Insanio obeerve In rsfereams-e to we/sharg thu, l- vopoeo'l breach linen, r` 'herat oae ohoelA he taken tint no, ev djfer'irre i l-a wit-I, with limn raic ren, t lwaAwayeO she 144lo 1611r f(Jumpany atsi ttle voi y," jepl a's1L vf inI Ist .funkIe is·y ha-ii/. kreemest Is safe lt thvMre bevr'vt sif any 4uawl a .O- the 'ri'ihuy will Iea h.;r 1." Thisc hit evtial, It In sald el, Mn rit l aneIr. F t las veed, 'Iv be.n -u~V~y oea nnitetA" to aud,vletsal tne. v ge- 'c r.,t I.d the seem lines, 'Slim ix ai~i/ n-1.-uig' theF aoaq grlIjWIii Ilatui~l~nt n'h1,t heiian.tooa hi ?.tat lre vw, n4' tat gv. ge s' naj4 tt. da S,,)e qpuifiatiii t I etaplY "'vana.eiu yfra.n ata we. suit rana Ktle '..aioe t)'nn-0 w !- Isv fbiv Sieveseis i4 Yceyk ree dire !a -Y eti,- wec4pisnd gal te pvop-ena4 wIWO ,a.O~ihv an l onademfpsy , i, y Lerdy ps oevf m;tocf %.lfsmidllisce the managemont of that. Comlpany would be the acme of folly. Thie memno. properly suggests that power sl!ould be obtained to run over the Main Line, even though it might not be necessary to exercise it; but to this we understand M1r. Grant objects. This question, of course, will not affect the Scottsdale lino, and we should be sorry to think it would apply to the Fingal branch. To us the advantage in every way appearsr im measurable of starting thoFiigallino from Longford. By so doing the whole of the eastern extension and trallic would be under the absolute control of the Govern ment, and the distapeo would be shorteised between the e.storn and westeori districts. But perhaps the chief advantage to be derived from this route would be the railway facilities afforded to Croessy and the Macquarie River districts, which are now quite shut out. The calculation as to working expenses seems to be based on the assumption that the Main Line Com pany will be content to divide the receipts with~ the Government in proportion to the number of miles travelled over their line. If a written undertaking to that effect has been given, perhaps the calculation is tolerably trustworthy, but if not it is a more phantom. It is not improbable that Mr. Grant may urge that he proposed that arrangement' as the basis for deter mining the toll to be paid for runnmiigover the L. and W. line, which was of course declined. He was conveniently forgetful of the fact that the section over which he was running was the most expensive part of the line to construct and maintain, and that whether he had much or little traffic that expense could not be diminished. At any cost that section must be kept in good order, or the rest of the) railway, whether L. and W. or Main Line, would be useless. It was therefore only reasonable that the Main Line Company should bear its fair proportion of this exceptional expendi ture, instead of paying a certain propor tion depending on mileage; but when the amount to be paid as tollage to the latter Company has to be discussed, it is not unlikely that Mr. Grant will try to apply the same rule, though of course the circumstances are altogether different. We do hope that there will not be any bungling over this matter. ALTH'OUau the motion of Mr. Dobson, afflirming that the time has arrived for the remission of the Customs duties on a number of minor articles, was lost by a small majority of votes lest week, yet the Opposition virtually " scored a win" on than occasion, and Ministers must have felt somewhat uncomfortable in the attitude which they were forced to assume. The Government have practically pro mised nothing in the way of remissions of taxation, despite the large estimated sur plus shown in the Treasurer's Budget speech, except a proposed reduction in the duties on tea and sugar, which will only slightly benefit the general con sumer, and the abolition of the import duty on machinery. But no sooner does the leader of the Opposition come for ward with a motion to test the feeling of the House upon the desirableness of ex empting from duty some sixty articles now included in the tariff, from which little revenue is derived in the aggregate, than they are met with uncomplimentary insinuations, and vague promises of Ministerial proposals of remission far exceedingthose suggested. The Opposition weretwittedwith seekingcheap popularity, with endeavouring to forestall the Government with having stolen their policy, and with endeavouring to hamper the transaction of public business. When Ministers were in return reminded that a policy that had never been announced could not very well be stoleon, their retort was a lame excuse. Ministers asserted that they had not announced their intentions with regard to Customs remissions because they were waiting to see how touch of their public works pro posals would be adopted by Parliament, as they would then be in a better position t6 judge how their estimated surplus would be affected, and, therefore, how far they could safely venture in pro posing remissions of taxation; but now they meant to propose "liberal pro posals," that would confer "substantial relief" at the " earhest possible oppor tunity." The line of argument pursued by Ministers is even contradictory, for if they assorted that' they could not propose tlheir schemo of Customns remissions till the public works scheme is disposed of, hIow could they give the assurance that even were Mr. Dobson's motion carried tbl Governmoent proposals would be before the house before his suggestions could be considered in Committee of the whole House 7 And upon what grounds, upon what precedent, can the course taken by Ministors of declaring oinly a portion of their financial policy at tihe opening of thie sossion, with the avowed intention of bringing forward the ruemainder towardsl its close, be justi lied ? He far fromn the Opposition hlaving beeno guilty of an lhstrqetivo policy, or having lshown any desiro to embarrass tIhe Governmentt, we thiink they deserve 'the thaiks of the wihiole cosmmutnity for their ation, as they have forced Ministers to, chow their hand, if not to msake a sompleto change, of front, and to take up a position which, if lthey are sincere is their asser tiont, should have lisen taken up at a miscih earlier period of tlhe noesnion. IThe Cioalition (ioversnmet lha. ldones thel colony good service it thi p;tst, but on nseveral ocegaionsi thenre hals beluu a ve:ry siarksd clhasge of front to cuncilitel hopptositlsn, and proveont the " haply family" frnsi }ting broksni up, and ivnett lurisig the presunt session ssgns have nOt bwns wanstig thlrt a very littli maiittqr tmight pllac,C ti, miajority on stu, otlher lt l o!f the IluHoe, in a, dlvollo, list, Miihlstn thsrsfore aetel pruthstly In givllt way it thit insttaise to 1,u!l otpintton, whitth has huerl very ntrongly eaepessel soinstt tsltu }oardling uIpt Of seirpls? sovesislis, whils our Cuitomes tariff ntost jss'tloulss revislon. It Is, bewovetr, };,0t sijjust ansd IlssgerlsrroltsO w:cusein tit Oppltlitron ,,f Ihavig approprliatl a fu'littuy Mihlsters tevert owtst,, atl, which Stec p frbasliy wotld Slot loves e.laliel WI hail tu sirmt:itnsLtal,,es reelsrtl It sdls, 0 LOi fsteahi,,ft.J ia:a ,;lyal? NOIrTIIERN TASMANIAN l0OUurLtv So uleTr.-Tho following acceptances were received yesterday for the floming Match, under the auspices of the above named Society. For the match to be flown from Campbell Town on thie first day of tie show, 19th inst.--I. [eald, two birds; R. Conningsby, two ditto; J. A. Bain, one ditto; L. Dowling, one ditto; G. Rankin, two ditto ; total 8. For the match to be Ilown from Bridge water on the second day of the show, the acceptances are-iR. Conningaby. three birds; H. Heald, J. Joyce, and Chick one bird each. The birds for the first named match must be at the Pavilion be twoon 8 and 9 p m. on the 18th inst., as they will be sent away by the first train the next mnorning to Campbell Town, and for the Bridgewater match must be at the Pavilion by 5 p.m. oin the first day of the show; 10th inst. SALMON CoI?tsstosIeas.--The report of the Salhon Commissioneors which has been recently laid before Parliament ro comnmnds the appointment of a skilled inspector whose time could be devoted to studying the habits of the salmon in the ponds. The Commissioners recommend that his services be placed freely at the disposal of private persons desirous of establishing artificial fish- breooding estab lislmeonts, but they advise the postpone ment of the question of constructing additional breeding ponds until an inspec tor commences duty. The outlay of the establishment for 1882 was £337 5s, and the income £200, including sale of ova, £120 ; fishing licenses, £176 10s ; debit balance, £40 15s. The distribution of ova and fry was as follows :-Ova, Vic toria, 14,000; Now South Wales, 5000 ; South Australia, 5000 ; Hamilton-on Forth, 3000 ; total, 27,000. Fry, nor. thorn rivers, Tasmania, 1950 ; River Plenty, 2000 ; total, 3950. A Sreaoton ACCIDENT.-The Bream Creek correspondent of the Mlercury states :-On IMonday night last Trooper Hanigan, while in company with Mr. Allanby, so:t with a somewhat peculiar accident. It appears that an iron plough had been left in thle road, the handles of which wore protruding in the direction in which the two men were riding, and the horse of the trooper collided violently with the handle of the plough, which entered the shoulder of the animal, inflicting a ghastly wound. THE LAUICESTON LIEDERTAFEL.-For some time past there has been a desire in musical coircles in Launceston for the establishment of a glee club, asit would in troduce a popular class of music which has not been heard here for many years. The late Mr. Jas. Melvyn formed such a club, called the Orpheus, but it has been defunct for a long time past, and a meeot ing of persons interested in the question was held at the Class-room of the Mechanics' Institute last evening, Mr. M. E. Robinson in the chair, at which it was decided to form a glee club (for male voices only) to be called the Launceston Liodertafel. Messrs. B. E. Robinson, C. Dempster, H. Thompson, W. Jos celyno, and G. Orpwood.sere appointed a Comnsitteo, with Mr. J. G. Waller, secretary and treasurer, and-Mr. F. For guson conductor, members e? oficio. It was decided that the practice night should be on a Tuesday, the first to be held on the 18th inst., and that the selections to be put in hand should be taken from the "Orpheus Glees," Vol 3. Messrs, Robinson and Ferguson were appointed a sub-committee to carry out necessary preliminary arrangements, and the secre tary was instructed to obtain a copy of the rules of the Melbourno Liedertafel for consideration in framing the rules of this Society. The promoters of the Launceston Liedertafel have made a very satisfactory commencement, about 20 members having already joined or pro mised to do so, and they have every pros pect of succossfullyestablishing tle Society in popular favour. A CRIMEAN HERO.—We believe that Mr. G. F. Davis, who has been appointed Public Vaccinator for the northern division of the island, served in the 50th (Queen's Own) Regi- Ment through the Crimean War from the landing at Varna to the evacuation of the Crimea, for which he holds a medal with clasp and Turkish medal. He also served through the last New Zealand war, and has a medal, and was mentioned in despatches. CouLr or REVISloos.-On account of the Oampbell Town show falling on to morrow it has been decided to postpone the Court of Revision for the assessment roll for the police district of Solby to Wednesday, 19th inst., at the Police Court, at 11 a.m. UNITED COMMUNION SERVICE. - A united communion service was hold in St. Andrew's Church last night. There was a very large attendance of com municants. The following ministers took part :-The ltevs. Lyle, Millard, Price, Mirams, White, and Lindsay. An address was given by the Rov. Mr. Price, bear ing upon the communion. The communion was administered to a very large number of persons. This closed the series of services opened last week. A STRANaE OccURRENCE.- A some what unusual occurrence took place on the Cataract Hill yesterday afternoon. It seems that a largo rock, weighing several tons, suddenly quitted its bed, and without the slightest notice, came bounding down the hill. It just passed the shoot of Ritahie's mill by a few inches, and fell into the river. Such an occurrence is stated by "old inhabi. tants " to have never taken place before. It is sgpposed that the rock syas loqsened front its bed by the late earthquakes, and some slight tremor of the ground startedl it. MeslocANrTLe. CRICKE.T GLun. - A generail meeting of members of tlhe above Club will be held at Smith's Central liotel at 8 o'clock to-morrow evening for the traisaction of general business. I)uring tihe past two seasons the Mlercstsile Club have devoted a eood deal of time and labour, and some £00 iq casil upon improving tl?pir praciico grousld at the uipper end if the Market lSquare, and theiy contemplate' a furthler Cxlpnditssre disrisig this consing season. A coniislderable aoilut sf filliig np has hent donlO, tile Club having hasd over 200 leads of earth carted, besides whichl the OCirporation lhave ilso cariled sturff for thelm asl furtlsnsr assisted hy layi oil nt a water tap nrd filliig uip the otlillsivo ditLcl thlat formerly lseaosndered throgli thil wesanesr side of the grouidl. 'iThe filliug uip hiss hseie, slleseld iiand Iwn wilth IEglinh grass and clover, and if, as thie grosissnd eanlslt be edcloseid, podlsn Itrian'crosnsing tile slllare would give a thought to the work the OGub have don, -for the bssndit of the town as well as tllemleslvecs- anid keop off thei criop of ysoinlg grass Ithe Cull will lie girateful. At prresenlt, tlisnigh theire is a risilisg rollusd tlill wlcket pitlch, it is eosnslerably Injisres Isy plerslsns walkling across it. Hsrvrvmrsou Altyv I)r.h-us ,t 'la o-. uLItsrl.-Tllse vlt/lish AusLirellilla AdIer. tlraof 4th ist, lstays:-It havhis g siosns d'stldsle thsatlilalf.alstain Oihbs siouss prfiolesid tsl ,ltssenaiia ti openi, a ibrinh siOf the Salvatlosi Arisy It tshat Islissin the meseslsrs of the islruipton corps derasius of llswing tllsf r aplte reclathon (if thlssr lesissre isuti Special s sirvhois nit M51niday, tIri Isat,, by imy of bliullllg farswsll rto Jaisptals (tiJlhlhn the whohslsuisahlslilig withll tea autud liihl s Insntliigs, hold it lit, berrts alts Isst flroitsli.on. Th'lie ilstlliirliigs ser largesly atuisisdl. (nlptaiu (llhlu. who cel uidil thi,, lulhloiTnui,,i g, sith1 thid mslsaiy pasliis wisi ttrl a itson S ii m•n trllihllsg ?t s liit fiulsla f tIhe sriny h ssslllen s they ld ii ot lssn w holsst msnlllsrIy was etid, i1e had Oumeicstsed toI Maijir tlinksr Ot his visit riiiiusil!ly use aislt KIlsa's .MEAows.- A Gospel Tem perance Band of Hope meeting will be heold in the Wesalyan Chapel, at 7 o'clock this evening, when all are invited to attend A TrCKLISlr Jon.-'-e mentioned re cently that a locomotive engine and several trucks purchased from the Main Line Railway Company by the. Kilcunda Coal Company, Western Port, Victoria, were to be shipped by the ketch War hawk, and Mr. W. f. .Cudy, theLocomo tive Superintendent of the T.M.L. Rail way, arrived from Hobart yesterdayeven. ing to superintend operatioas. The task of transhipment will, however, be anything but an easy one, as apart from the weight of the locomotive, which even when stripped of all removable fittings is some eleven tone, its dimensions correspond very closely with those of the Warhawk's hatchway, there being only a couple of inches in the width and about a foot in the length to spare. This is quite close enough lit in an afltir of this kind, and leaves but little room for the chains and tackling used in lowering. Mr. Cundy is, however, used to handling more difficelt jobs thaon this, and if itis possible for the ketch to take .the locomotive, we have little doubt lie will be able to ship it satis factorily. There are also ten trucks to be shipped, but about these there will be no difficulty. ELECTRIa TELEURAPH.-It seems to be taken for granted that the third telegraph wire between Hobart and Launceston, which was voted last session, is to be erected on the posts connected with the Main Line Railway. Why does not the Government at once abdicate in favour of the manager of that Company ? It matters not what abaurd scheme may he propounded by Mr. Grant, it will be seriously considered by Ministers, and in due time submitted to Parliament. The country has already incurred the expense of erecting telegraph poles between Hobart and Launceston and of affixing two wires ; what on earth should prevent a third wire from being stretched upon them 1 We should not be surprised'to learn that the Company's poles are nearly done for, and that the present scheme is to get them renewed at the cost of the colony. INSTALLATION OF BISHOP SANDFORD. To-morrow the public enthronement of the Right Rev. Dr. Sandford, as Bishop of T.smania, will take place at St. David's Cathedral, Hobart, at 10'30 a.m., and arrangements have been made by which visitors from the north desirous of being present can obtain return railway tickets on both lines available for eight days, at single fares. The service to-morrow will consist of full choral morning service, the installation, and a celebration of the Holy Communion. The service will be rendered by a large special choir. The sermon will be preached by the Bishop, and the olfertory will be devoted to lhe Cathedral Completion Fund. Special choral evensong will be sung at 7'30 p.m., when the sermon will be again preached by the Bishop, and the offertory will be devoted, as in the morning, to the Cathedral Completion Fund. On Thursday a'public toe meeting, as a welcome to the Bishop, will be held at the Catle dral school-room, at 7 p.m., when the chair will be taken by the Vein. Arch deacon Hales, Administrator of the Diocese, and addresses will be given by the Bishop and others. There will be also vocal and instrumental music. The tables will be provided by ladies belonging to the parishes of Hobart and New Town, and the proceeds will be devoted to the Diocesan Church Society. LAuxcESTON VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY. Last night, after the usual parade of this Corps, prizes were distributed to the successful competitors in the rifle contests of " Married v. Single," hold on the last three Saturdays, of which the single men have won two out of three. Before presenting the prizes, Captain G. T. Collins addressed a few words to the men, expressing the pleasure it gave their officers to see what a great interest they had taken and what progress they-had made in their shooting, and he thought that few regiments could show as many trophies as the Launceston Artillery had won. He also said that he hoped before long the Volunteers would receive more encouragement from the Government. The prizes consisted of 700 rounds of ammunition, given by the following officers and non-commissioned officers :-Captain Collins, 200 rounds; Sergeant.-Major Martini, Corp. Hill, Gunner Boag, and Mr. H. Conway, 100 each; Lieutenant Harrap, and Gunner A. Eastler, 50 each. The prizes during the three con tests were won as follows : -- Gunner Peart, 170 rounds; Gunner W. Conway, 150; Bombardier W. Gow, 100; Sorgt. J. Gurr, 80 ; Corp. J. Cow, 80; Corp. W. Croft, 70; and Gunner A. Mills, 50. The Artillery Corps will parade for a whole day parade at 1'30 p.m., on Satur day next. TIeE SECRETARY TO TIIE CIIURLCH Soc?ETY.-The Chucrch Necs for Septem ber, in speaking of the Rev. J. B. Wool nough, [the organising secretary of the Anglican Church Society, whose arrival from England was mentioned in our last issue, says :-ln accordance with the terms of the resolution of the Synod his whole time will be devoted to this work. lie will, we have no doubt, visit, if prac ticable, every parish in the diocese, confer with the local committee and the collectors in eac caseo, preach in the various churches, and address parochial meetings, and so diffuse information as to the claims and work of the Society, and the wants of the Church throughout the diocese, and especially in the most distant parts of it. For years past, with our late Blshop, we have felt the need there was for an organiaing secretary well qualified for hiis work, who as time rolled away would win the symcpathy and confidence of our follow-Churchmen generally. . VWe confideuntly anticipate the work of Mr. Woolelnoughl will soon begin to tell upqc thie diocese, and that one result, tloughl not the most impolrtant, will be a considerable imnprovement in our linances. RnllllT ExrxTcicHNTvoel. W- eWo men tioned recently tile arrival of iosne ferrets bhrought out from London by Captain Wyrill, of tile barik B]orean,, and we hIave since ascortiined tlhat there are four pairs, not of tihe ordinary kind, bet of tile polo-catl ferret breed. Those little animals Ihave beeon largely utilised in New Zeualand as rabbit oxterciinators, and their csefnulcnlos is hIighly slaoken of there for this piarticnlar purpose. lThe polo - ctcl ferrets hIave been imsported to tile orlder of Mr. Norcman Camorio, of lulntley, neair Uhudleigh. Withl reference tio tle ferret Its a ralbbit exuterminaitor we clip thie following from aII exuelcnge :-A corresponldent wrote to lthe 'iciure Hlercald annurting that tile ferroet wero uenlesns Ie eradlictihlg tlie raillit puest, Ibut the lcarcld points out IIthat Ie llased tills ophiioi uIcIsI the ansmptlic thee tha firret eeils c rahihL afcr killing it, and thie slo, pc sr sulks for this rest of tlhe day. " As a fact (pro ed leth, Ihelurall) tile ferret doeas nIotlling o tihe Ilid. 1t kills every raclcl it eac colds hefor, It cats nue, asci will go oil killlug ifor eioveral hours Iet l stretch elfore nsttling down to rest. WVn haves Iefore cs a Iltter fI-om a settler who has had Imluh praoteIal expurlelce of killing ralbilte ie OtlagO, and hie says thie citcplh y IlleitC of ferrcts c quite tll, ollulelal ,nulthlril, acid tIh conly cllotuial none. lie lcns killed 211O0 rahblits nu hics iwn farlcc Icy tih ahid sf folr ferrulsa i thi last io weeks, alcid aleI cnylhlae ist to Ic thi habitlc Ictci turret nccoime clthc u llculcchve, l/e eldyc * tluce statsuie, ltet niicl iy Ic nciey that thiic triiate, wicel thiy kill non rihtlit, will Ihvi a fhod alid gic nil to slcucci, 1s iciUeiellac, I acs kiowu a first get Iive,ii rilblullt ,i, thie uiIi oif a h Iltc, kill ti cs ht, acdc n i u low cilichiuss scake hie elilicraclice oltlitd, lIchf ct tlhy Is loig asuclgI to wOirk Odli etof ferrstls lFruelh cilcea ir' reqisliard Uor till ulhlr s1fui PRESS CRICKET CLUn.- A general meeting of the above club will be held in the Workman's Club, on Saturday next, at 7.30 p.m., when members and intend ing members are requested to attend., LAUNCESTON STOCK ExcowAOc.-The Launceston Stock Exchange will be open at 7'30 every evening for the transaction of business. Applications for member ship to this meeting will be received by the secretary, Mr. J. S. Bradshaw, from whom all particulars may be obtained. -TAKER FOR A GHOSTo.-The following account of an unpleasant retncontre appears in the Argus of 7th inst.:-A few nights ago a resident of Maldon, named Mrs. Miller, was returning home, and, whilst waiting for a friend at a street corner, was passed by a young man, who, after going past her a few yards, returned, knocked her down, and struck her, giving her two black eyes, and inflicting other injuries. Before leaving, he told her hlie thought he had given lher enough. On reaching home she informed her friends, who at once communicated with the police, but as she could not give any description of the person who assaulted her, the matter remained a mystery. Reports had for some time past been current that ghosts have been soon in the neighbourhood of the place where the assault took place, and the following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbourhood appeared as usual, but with a bandaged and helpless hand, and informed his customers that he had been fighting with the ghost. This morn ing, on hearing that Mrs. Miller's case was in the hands of the police, he at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that she was really the ghost he had attacked, he offered a most abject apology. It is not known whether this has been accepted. IT will be seen by advertisement that MIr. J. W. Singleton, oculist and aurist, of Melbourne, intends paying a visit to Launceston for a fort. night, and is expected to arrive by the next steamer. A COcEnT, consisting of music, singing, and reciting, is to take place in Ulverstons Town Hall on Saturday evening, 15th Instant. Proceeds in aid of the Band of Hope Organ Fund. A PLAIN and fancy dress ball, under the auspices of the Mercantile Private Quadrille Assembly, will be held at the Mechanics' Institute en Thursday, the 27th inst. Tea members of the Launceston Bicycle Club meet at the Mechanics' Institute, at 715 this ever.ing, for a moonlight run. THn practice of cantatas will take place at Trinity Church to- morrow evening, when a full attendance is requested. THE Rev. J. Thomas will deliver a lecture on Tonga, or the Friendly Islands, at the Town Hall, Deloraine, on Thursday evening. EXPLOSIONS just as often, if not more fre quently, occur from old and worn-out boilers as from an over pressure of steam, or some doec tire flue. As it is with mechanics, so is It with the human organism. Excessive use of the functions of the body will exhaust the system and necessarily clog vitality. The common law, as an ordinary safeguard, exacts occasional in spections. In tio same way the laws of nature demand that when the system shows signs of debility or decay it sheuld be professionally examined. In the latter event, Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps will act as a reliable safety-valve.--(A.) Mufm's COarMPAGNE, quarts and pints, dry or sweet, specially recommended to invalids, to be had from all wine and spirit merchants and hotels. Dalgety, Moore and Co., agents - Advt. CounvoIsIER's **a and * pale and dark brandy, 1878 vintage, a thoroughly pure spirit, warranteed equal to Miartell and Hennesey's Stocks always on hand and arriving. Sold by all wine and spirit merchants. DALOGrY, MOORE, AND CO. agents.-(Advt.) PURE BLEND BRANDIES. - These fine old brandies are placed before the public strictly on their merits, are perfectly pure, well matured and valuable stimulants, The Govern. ment Analyst states they are of excellent quality, and quite free from any deleteriehs substances. Purclasers can rely on be'ng sup. plied as above. Samples have been placed with Government Analyst for comparison. Sold by D. H. CONNoLc,..-(Advt.) (624 