ODDS AND ENDS. A happy mother of male twins en thusiastically refers to her treasures as her " sweet boy and boy." " Boiled Eggs," is the name just adopted by a football club, to signify how impossible it is to beat them. The old proverb, " where there's a will there's a way," has been revised, to suit the situation. It now reads : "When there's a bill we're away." A Pennsylvania woman who thought she had used tartar emetic instead of baking powder in her biscuit, solved the question by feeding two tramps. The world is not without sensible women. An editor wrote a head line, " A horrible blunder !" to go over a railroad accident ; bat though it was the printer's fault that it got over the account of a wedding, the editor was the man thrashed. Inquisitiveness Rebuked. — Mistress (to applicant for a cook's position) : " Why did you leave your last place?" Appli cant : " You're very inquisitive, marm. I didn't ax you whsit for yer last cook left you." A young M.D., after attending kis first patient, was asked by a friend, " How dtd you succeed P" "Nicely, nicely," was the reply. " The mother and child are both dead ; but I am in strong hopes to pull the old man through." Never despise small things. The mosquito that sings sweetly by your bed side becomes a power when it gets its work in. The little tack that lies so meekly on the floor may turn np in an ungarded moment and make you howl with pain. There is a young lady ia Detroit who is 6ft 4in tall and is engaged to be married. The man who' won her did it in these words : " Thy beauty sets my soul aglow, I'd wed thee, right or wrong ; a man wants but little here below, but wants that little lasg." _ Among anecdotes of first, nights of new pieces, the following deserves a place : It was the first night (and morning) of il route Christo , a drama, which, for its length, might have been of Chinese origin. At a quarter before one in the morning the curtain rose upon thelast act. Charles Fechter, ia the character of the hero, is discovered seated in a contemplative attitude. Like the ghost in Alomo the brave, "he moved not, he spoke not;" but there came from the gallery, in a clear, somewhat sad but gentle voice, these words ; " I hope we are not keeping you up, sir." The effect may be imagined. An intoxicated man saw two tramway cars passing him the other evening with red and blue lights in the front and rear. His fuddled brain comprehended colored lights, and he was heard to say to him self : " Must be pretty sick — sickly here ; they are running chemists' shops about on whe — wheels," " You are on the wrong tack, said the pilot's wife, when the hardy son of the loud sounding sea sat down on it, and rose with the usual exclamations. " No," he replied, after a critical examination, "I am on the right tack, but shoot me dead if I aint on the wrong end of it. " " So your business is picking up, eh 1" said a facetious cobbler to a rag- picker who had just commenced operations ou an ash-barrel in front of his shop-door. " Yes, and I see yours is mending," quickly replied the ragged urchin. Comparisons are odious — Miss Ethel (on donkey) — " I wonder what language Balaam's donkey spoke ?" Sister — " Oh ! the same as Balaam spoke — Hebrew, I suppose." Miss Ethel — Hebrew ! And I fiud even French so difficult." Nothing so much vexes a physician as to be seat for in haste, and to fiud after his arrival that nothing is the matter with the patient. We remember an " urgent case" of this kind, recorded by an eminent English surgeon. Ho had been sent for by a gentleman who had just received a slight wound, and gave his servant orders to go home with all haste imaginable, and fetch a certain plaster. The patient, turning a little pale, said, "Heavens! sir, I hope there is no danger." " Indeed there is," answered the surgeon ; " for if the fellow doesn't rnu like a racehorse the wound will be healed before he can pos sibly get back." Individual (stepping into witness-box) — " As I was going home last night, your worship, somebody fired a pistol, and the shot went right through my hat." Magis trate (impatiently) — " Tut, tut, my good man, that's nothing ; wait till you get one in your head, then we will go into the matter. Next case." "Uncle Ben," said old Bob, "here's dat £10 what yer lent me about a year ago. " " Bruder Bob, I is greatly surprised at de course what yerself is now takin. Fore de Lawd I neber spected ter git dat money again, an' I'd dun thought dat I had gin de money ter yer." " Ef dat's de case, Uncle Ben, I'll just put it back inter my pocket. I always makes it a rule neber to disappoint a man. " 