BIBLE TEACHING IN STATE SCHOOLS IS IT SCRIPTURAL? I •( ro the hdilor of Ui* Advertiser^) Sir,—Upon the subject of religious teaching bv the Government.in State schdols; I; froiii the pages of Holy* Writ, glean the following deduc 1 tion3, and ground thereon some general conclu sions. (1). That, as to the Jews were committed I the oracles of God, under the Old Testament dis pensation, so to the Church of Christ were committed the oracle?, or revelatioris or God, 1 under the Nevf Testament dispensation. (2). ThAt ilo more precious trust than this could bo committed by God to man. (3). That in no part of England's dominions is the Bible by the State so completely left in the hands of the church, as i it is in Victoria. Hence, no where else has " pure and undefiled religion " so fair a field for Christiana to develops its matchless worth, and expect adap tation to all the wants of man. _ (4). The testi mony of history is that no^ nation upon earth assuming Bible administration lias ever done dUght than make religion a political means to ends, at best, always prejudicial to religion—always challengable, and often, at worst, diabolical. (5). That upon earth there is no nation, or Go vernment, or ministering employes standing before God as Hi* representatives upon earth, in any sense as does His elect, regenerated, sanctified Church of Saints, which He purchased with His own blood." (0). That all nations, Govern ments, and civil servants, are necessarily, in whole or in part, more or less, religiously and morally unfitted, to do the church's work of teaching Bible religion. (7). That for avowed representa tives of the Church of Christ, under the banner of a '• Bible in State School League," to not only avow their willingness to transfer their most sacred trust of Bililo teaching to such a Govern ment, and their paid administrators as last uescriijea, tint also to resolve, that whatever voluntary Christian effort may do> either by I others or by themselves as :i league, they will not, to use the words o£ Bishop Mo'jrhniise, "give uj) j a single inch of their programme," and which is iii : effeot to decide for such alterations in the Educa tion Act as will involve its virtual repeal, and 1 also the taking of the iirst step in a return to the God-dishonoring, relit,ion-defiling principle, of "State aid to religion.' (8). That such pro ceeduvo on the part of the profoising Church of Christ, and which involves sitch grave results, is nothing short of an act of high treason against King Jcrua—is a surrender of His sovereign rights toll is enemies—is thegrossest possible breach of the highest moral trust everdelega ted to man upon earth ; as seen in their handing over to a purely political Government the administration of " the glorious gospel of the blessed God," which, accord ing to the Holy Ghost, by St. Paul to Titus, 2nd| chap, 11th verse to 15, also' embodies the one and only code of morals deserving the name. And which act on the part or the league, in cludes also a practical confession of the church's uttur ninvorthiness for the trust of the " cure" or care of thn soul3 of the peoplo. (9). That the Church of Chri-t in Victoria, did she but hold her spiritual life in Christ; hold her spiritual life with Christ; and hold her spiritual life far Christ; would tind herself " in all tilings so enriched" as to fully enable lier to meet all claims unto the end of the religious education of the youth of tile colony. (10). That the general encouragement given by the Government to the 1J.LS.S. League, and acknowledged by them at their meet ing held in the Young Men's Christian Associa tion Hall, in -Melbourne, on tho Oth inst,, is as suredly compromising to the integrity of tho Education Act, is disrespectful to the Parliament which passed it, and must bo displeasing to tho majority of the people who still hold it in tho high esteem which its matchless worth so fully justifies. (11). That tho Education Act must bo retained unimpaired, unaltored, by tlio present Parliament, whose election was not the voice of tho peoplo upon tho Education Act, even as a genaral question, much less an abstract one. (12). That should the present Parliament fall into the mistake of tampering with the vitality of the three cardinal points of the Education Act, or either one of them, without first taking the votes of the people, my settled conviction is, that tho next general election will find those who voted for my mutilation of the Act rejected; and depend on it, a largo majority of representatives will be roturned, pledged to tho immediate restoration of the Act to original purity, and consequent efficiency, but wit h added clauses protective against any future tampering by accommodating, ponu uniy-courting ministries.— Yours, fitr.. AN OLD CORRESPONDENT. 11th June. l'itoTECTiON of Gajik,—Attention is directed in the Government Gaut c to ' the undermentioned provisions of the acts to protect game:—Any person wilfully killing1 or destroying any birds not indigonious to Victoria (except sparrows and ni'mas), which includes doves, thrushes, etc., is liable to a penalty of £2, in addition to tho sum of £1, tho value of every bird so destroyed. Or for wilfully taking .out of tho nest or destroying the egg of any such bird a penalty of 10s. for every egg so wilfully taken or destroyed or found in his possession, 