Before the Curtain. Gaiety Theatre. — Sheridan drew such good houses with the " Marble Heart" that the management kept it on the boards till Wednesday, when it gave place to the " Willow Copse," in which a second success was scored. It is a pleasure to find an artist of Mr. Sheridan's genius coming down. from the stilts and appearing in ordi- dinary drama, he vividly reveals the passions and motives or characters usually consigned to inferior actors, and too often misunderstood and spoilt. He shows us that deep and noble feelings belong not only to princes and kings, but also to ordinary every-day people. Mr. Cates had a very important part in the t; Marble Heart," and he made a great deal of it ; he represented Volage, a fashionable editor, who, without being actually concerned in the plot of the play, was the cement that tilled up the gaps, and held the other characters together. His gentlemanly demeanour, assisted 'by his fine appearance and natural vivacity, has given him a great hold on the affections of the public. And, by the way, he is as nice-looking in the street as on the stage, and last Wednesday morning, as he sat in the Glebe Point tram, studying his part for the night, the people on the platform felt inclined to applaud to get the tram to come back, and Gates to bow his acknowledgements. But, alas ! it could not be so, and an unpoeti- cal tram-conductor yelled, " fare, please I" and as the lumberer whirled past the Works' office, the beautiful comedian was groping for his tram tuppenny. There is a lady in the cast whose name was given as Harriet Tulloch, but this was a misprint, and the fair one shone un known. She played Maria, an orphan, and looked very nice indeed, and acted and looked as though she couldn't help being attractive and intelligent ; she is the sort of girl one can't see too orphan. And, by the way, Mr. Sheridan will positively appear in Hamlet to-night, and critics and Shakespearean students look forward with keen an ticipation to what promises to be a great treat. The genial treasurer, Mr. Rainford, will enact the ghost, and the rest of the characters appear very well filled by the present members of the company. The Bohemian C.C. have a concert on Tuesday next, in the Glebe Town Hall. Theatre Royal. — The public have wearied of seeing handsome George as Henry, and he is going to substitute the " Romany Rye " for the tableaux of ancient war ; and the caste having been strengthened by the engagement of a dog of great histrionic ability, a triumph may be expected. Opera House. — The Polks appear to be growing more popular than ever. People who see the Strategist generally go again ; they say, " Pooh, it's only a farce," yet they can't keep away from it ; and, truth to say, it is attractive, everything is so absurd" that one can't help roaring right through. Johnnie Hall is very funny as the Meejaw, and George Forbes, as a Parson, is splendid ; but the best of the lot, by a long way, is Leston, who plays an Irishman of the most pronounced type. Polk himself is as ludicrous and eccentric as ever, and Mrs. Polk sings very sweetly every night. The scenery is good, and Hall's make-up is in harmony with Japanese figures on the wall. Marion Melrose is as delicious as ever, and her laugh, when detected kissing, is a rare piece of comedy ; and, talking of her, brings Mr. Punch to the fact that Emmet, in sunset hair and cheap pants is " such good fun." 