THE USES AND ABUSES OF ROLlbA AS. BY A RAMBLER. When Bob Cratchit meekly insinuated that he would expect to have a holiday on Christmas Day his hard-hearted employer suggested stopping a day's pay for the undone day's work. But even in his unconverted state,- before he had been visited by Marley's ghost and shown the evil of his ways, Ebenezer Scrooge did not carry out that threat. Custom was too strong even for him. The few public holidays which come in just now are an absolute gift to the class of employés such as clerks, shopmen, and domestic servants. But when some one complimented a Perth employer of skilled labor the other day on his liberality in giving so many holidays in the Christmas week he disclaimed the liberality altogether. All his employés took the holidays at their own expense. They lose their wages, they spend their money, and are generally considerably poorer at the end of the week. Not only do they lose the four days' wages, on which their employer calculates, but as a rule (so I am informed) there is only half the average amount of wages paid during the fortnight after Christmas Eve. Many-not in frequently the best-paid and most skilful hands are not satisfied with the four days' respite, but continue to take their pleasure in a costly fashion till an empty purse and an aching head drive them back to the workshop to fill the one and compose the other, I do not say that this is universal. Far from it. But it is so general as to cause great uncertainty as to the performance of work at Christmas time. No one can promise to fulfil an order by a given date when so many of his best hands are what they call holiday-making for an indefi- finite period. And it is precisely the workmen six of the greatest skill who can do this with impunity. Their services are so valuable that their masters must have them when they choose to return to their work. A slower or less competent artisan would be told to go if he took such an liberties. Are the abuses of holidays then so 1 great that the holidays are undesirable ? I have heard really benevolent people say that it is their sorrowful conviction that for the present generation of unskilled labourers the best conditions would be to be well fed, well housed, and suffi- I ciently clothed, but also to be kept close to work. C They have no idea how to employ leisure well, I and the more they have the more vice and mis-, chief they will get into. After a generation has passed under more favourable physical conditions, and the rising generation meanwhile has been more generally and more wisely educated, there would be safety in granting more leisure I every day and idle days of complete leisure for a alL Every improvement in our social organiza- tion, however, must be made before the class for whom it is mainly designed has been educated to make the best use of it. In spite of some ¿ blunders the possession of the leisure is the only t possible means of learning how to employ it. As it is the privilege of humanity at its best to raise low propensities and appetites to noble passions and unselfish affections, as the natural self-regarding faculties give a spar to enterprise it and ingenuity, and in order that each man may d live he must do something for society and labour to produce something which his fellows will be benefited by, in which he not seldom loses sight of his own personal advantage as tribal partiality rises to enlightened patriotism, and superstition to reverential awe of the Higher Powers, so is it the melancholy fact that man at his lowest can turn all things that are for his happiness and progress to be stumbling blocks in his path. From olden times it has been said that the Englishman takes his pleasure sadly. His solid A character has not the lightness, the careless 0 grace of the Frenchman. He is so afraid of being ridiculous that he goes through a quadrille with the solemnity of a mute at a funeral. He t can only be tempted to a picnic or pleasure- z party by the excellence of the viands and the ¿ abundance of the wines. But a nation which has of the best school of humour in the world-that sort of fun which is most kindly and least acid at the nation which from Chaucer downwards , has been richest in its contributions to descrip- \ tive poetry, to pleasant satire, and to good humoured extravagance, cannot be deficient in the capacity for social enjoyment. The little i crust of reserve which is our national character- ] istic is removed in one of two ways by being in ] congenial society, where we feel that we will not be misunderstood by a moderate amount of alcoholic stimulant. And if people were contented with this moderate amount, in which there is an appreciable advantage, there would be no harm done. But example and custom ( often lead even educated men to cross the barrier, j And as we cannot get the world to change its customs all at once it would be well if the ordi- T navy beverage in use should give the maximum . of pleasant needed stimulant with the minimum of insidious poison. A wine-growing country is said to be always comparatively a temperate ¡ country, partly because the wines are pure, , partly because they are cheap. But there are other circumstances connected with wine-growing countries which promote temperance. The ( first is the climate, which allows of pleasures be- j ing taken En famille in the open air to an extent which is quite unknown in England, The second is that no wine-growing country in Europe has had a rigidly observed Sunday. Whatever my be said against the Continental Sunday, it is the opinion of many travellers that the weekly return of a day only half devoted to religious worship and the other half given to recreations cheap and common has made Continental peoples more orderly, more temperate, and more civil and obliging in secular holidays than any English-speaking community. Domestic servants think much of their holidays. They stand out for them, and families are often inconvenienced at times when they would like to receive their friends by having to do without their usual help. Evidently a large amount of money is spent by employes during these Christmas holidays, on excursions, picnics, and other festivities. Associations for any purpose are fond of getting up demonstrations ] when there is a leisure day for all the members, and there can be no doubt that these things strengthen the body. The satire and ridicule which educated people throw from the height of their cultivation on Bands of Hope, Good Templars, teetotallers, and others are somewhat misplaced. Some sort of excitement is what human nature graves, and if by music and games and speechmaking that excitement can be given to counteract the more dangerous attractions of the public-house if the union of the members can be made so close as to remove the crust of reserve, so that on some subjects they can talk to each other with the warmth and earnestness and sincerity which are the very salt of life we must not seem them because their views are narrow and their expressions intoler- ant. A certain amount of narrowness is essential to immediate practical success. Your man with large views, who weighs the pros and cons of everything well before he begins to act, often remains inactive, while after all the one end and aim of our living is to be doing something. Every honest effort, even if it chances to do some harm, will do a greater amount of good, Though much remains to be done, though many blunders have been made, 110 man can look back ten, twenty, or thirty years without acknowledging that our social condition is advancing, and likely to advance, still further if to the amount of leisure which has been so hardly won by the working classes is added the intelligence and the moderation which will make it the boon it should be. 