SMOKING AND SCRIPTURE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—I had no intention of troubling you again on the above subject; indeed, I had flattered myself that. I had successfully run the gauntlet of hostile criticism. But as two correspondents devote a little attention to me this week, allow me, what I have no doubt will be, a final word. " Till" seems anxious to impale me on the horns of a dilemma. His success, however, will not be equal to his intention. In reply to his question, I have to say, certainly I have met with foul-mouthed persons who were under the influence of drink. But I was not writing of these persons; and here " Till" has misapprehended my meaning. Such people would not, in my sense, nor in any Scriptural sense, be temples of the Holy Ghost. The contention of the Colonist ever since its birth has been, both in original utterance and in quotation, that smoking defiles the temple of the Spirit. Indeed, smokers have been almost unchristianised, for we have been told that the " Holy Ghost would not dwell in a breast saturated with tobacco smoke." I am unable to give the ipsissima verba of the paragraph, but I do the writer no wrong by the above quotation. This, it is true, was written some time ago, but every- thing that has appeared since has been coloured by it. It is against this teaching that I protest, and affirm that neither smoke, no, nor drink, carries moral cont amination into a man. In proof of that I quote the passage in Matt. xv. 11. If the passage is misapplied, let " Till " show how and where, for I have submitted it to no exegetical torture, but take it in its plain, clear meaning. Only I ask him to remember that I am writing of Christian men, and of no others. For until a man is a temple of the Divine spirit, it is impossible to defile it. As to " U. B. K." very little needs to be said. He, good, honest man, seems to think I am really in a quandary about the meaning of the passage, and has very kindly come to my assistance. I thank him. My puzzle, however, was, not what the passage meant, but how the editor of the Colonist could make liis teaching and the teaching of the passage harmonise. On that point I am still in the dark, and must, therefore, again sign myself Kad'ina, Feb. 10,1883. A PUZZLED ONE. 