Robbery Under Arms. By Rolf Boldrewood. Chapter L. '?' The Banner cornea next.' says Starlight, tearing it open. ' We shall have something short and sweet after the mar. Hows' this ? ' '? Starlight Again. ' ' This mercurial brigand, it would appear, has paidTuron another visit, but with the exception of what may be con sidered the legalised robbery of the betting ring, has not levied contributions. Bather the other way, indeed. A nasty note tor rax. juawson, wnom he had tricked into tem porary association by adopting one of the disguises he can eo wonderfully assume — requested that gentleman to receive the; Handicap Stakes, won by his horse, Darkle, alias Bain bow, and to hand them over to the treasurer of the Turon hospital, which was accordingly done. ' ' Sir Ferdinand and the police had been decoyed away previously, nearly ICO miles, by false intelligence as to Moran and his gang. Our town and treasure were thus left undefended for 48 hours, while a daring criminal and his associates mingled unsuspectedly with all cusses. We Lave always regarded the present system— facetiously called police protection— as a farce. Thislatter fiasco will probably .confirm the idea with the public at large. We, unlike a con temporary, have no morbid sympathy with crime— em- broidered or otherwise — our wishes, as loyal subjects, are coufinrdto a short shrift acd a high gallows for all who dare to obstruct the Queen's highway.' ' ' That's easy to understand, barrin a word here and there,' says father, taking his pipe out of his mouth and laying it down, ' that's the way they used to talk to us in the old days. Dashed if I don't think it the best way after all. You know where you are. The rest's flummery. All on us as takes to the cross, does it with our eyes open, and deserves all we gets.' , . . ' I'm afraid you're right, Governor, bat why didn't these moral ideas occur to you, for instance, and others earlier in life?' ' Why?' says father, getting np and glaring with his eyes, ' because I was a bund ignorant dog when I was young, as had never been taught nothing, and knowed nothing, not so much as him there (pointing to Crib), for he knows what his business is, and I didn't. I was thrashed and starved, locked up in a gaol, chained and flogged after that, end half the time for doing what I didn't mow was wrong, snd couldn't know more than one of them four-year old colts out there, that knocks his head agin the yard when he's roped, and falls backards and breaks his neck if he ain't watched. Whose business was it to have learned me better? That I can't rightly say, but it seemed it was the business of the Government people to gaol me, and iron me, and flog me. Was that justice ? Any man's sense 'II tell him it wasn't. It's been them and me for it since I got my liberty, and if I had a dozen lives they'd all have gone the same road ! ' We none of us felt in the humour to say much after that. Father had got into one of his tantrums, and when he did, he was fit to be tied ; only I'd not have took the contract for something. Whatever it was that had happened to him in the old times when he was a government man, he didn't talk about. Only every now and then he'd let out just as he did now, as if nothing could ever set him straight again, or keep him 'from fighting against them as he called the s\\\ ells and the Government, and everybody almost that was straight-going and honest. He'd been at it a good many years, one way and another, and any one that knew him didn't think it likely he'd change. The next dust we got into was all along of a Mr. Knightley, who lived a good way down to the south, and it was one of the worst things we' ever were mixed up in. After the Turon races and all that shine, somehow or other, we found that things had been made hotter for us than ever since we first turned out. Go where we would ;we found (he police always quick on our trail, and we had two or three vei y close shaves of it. It looked as if our luck was dead out, and we began to think our chance of getting across the border to Queensland, and clear out of the colony that way, looked worse every day. Dad kept foraging about to get information, and we sent Warngal and Billy the Boy aU over the country to find out how it was things were turning -out so contrary. Sir Ferdinand was always on the move, but we knew he couldn't doj it all himself.unless he got the office from some one who knew the ropes better than he did. Lest of all we dropped on to it. There was one of the* gold-fields commissioners, a Mr. KnightUy, a very keen cool hand, he was a great snorting man, and a dead shot, like Mr. Hamilton. Well, this gentleman took it into his head to put on extra steam and try and run us down. He'd -lost some gold by us in the escort robbery, and :not forgotten it, so it seems he'd been trying his beet to fit us ever since. Just at first he wasn't able for much, but biter on he managed to get information about us and our beat, whenever we left the Hollow, and he put two and two -together, and very nearly dropped on us, as I said before, two or three times. We heard too that he should say, he'd never rest till he had Starlight and the Marstons, and that if he could get picked police he'd bring us in within a month, dead or alive. We didn't care much about blowing of this sort fi a general way, but one of dad's telegraphs sent word in that Mr. Knightley had a coupleof thousand pounds' worth of gold from a new digging lodged at his private residence for a few days till he could get the escort to call for it ; that there was only him and a German doctor, a great scholar he was, named Schiller, in the house. Moran and Daly knew about this, and they were dead on for sticking up the place and getting hold of the gold. Besides that we felt eavege about his trying to run us in. Of course it was his duty and that of all magistrates and commissioners in a general way. But he wasn't an officer of police, and we thought he was going outside of his line. So when all came to all, we made up onr minds to learn him a lesson to stick to his own work ; besides, a thousand ounces of gold was no foolish touch, and we could kill two birds with one stone. Moran, Daly, and Joe Wall were to be in it besides. We didn't like working with them in a general way. Starlight and I were dead against it. But we knew they'd tackle it by themselves if we backed out. So we agreed to make one thing of it. We were to meet at a place about 10 miles off and ride over there together. Just about 10 o'clock we closed in on the place, and left Billy the Boy and Warrigal with the horses, while we sneaked up. We couldn't get near though without his knowing it ; for he always had a lot of sporting dogs pointers, retrievers, kangaroo dogs, no end— they kicked np a deuce of a row and barked and howled enough to raise the dead, before we got within a quarter of a mile from the house. Of course he was on his guard then, and, before long, the bullets began to fly pretty thick among us, and we had to take cover to return fire and keep as dark as we could. No doubt this Dr. Schiller loaded the guns and handed them to him, else he couldn't have made such play as he did. We blazed away too, and as there was no stable at the back we surrounded the house and tried hard to find an opening. Devil a chance there eeemed to be; none of us dared show. So sure as'we did we could hear one those Win chester rifle bullets sing through the air, almost on the. top of us. We all had a close shave more than once for being too fast., For more iftftti half the night he kept cannonading away, and we didn't seem able to get any. nearer the place. At last we drew lots which should try and' get ap close to the * place, so as to make a rush while we poured in our broad side and open a door to let as in. - The lot fell upon Patsey Daly. ' Good bye all,' he said. 'I'm dashed if I don't think Knightley will bag me. I don't half like charging him, and that's God's truth. Any how I'll try for that barrel there ; andif I get- behind it I can fire from short range and make him come out' He made a rush, half on his lianas and knees, and managed to get behind this.barrel, where he was safe from being hit as Tone as he kept well behind it. Then he pep pered away, right and left. On the left of the verandah there was a door stood partly open, and after a bit a man in a light overcoat snd a white hat, like Mr. Knightley always wore, showed himself for a second. Daly raps away at this, and the man stagger* and falls. Patsey shows himself for a moment from behind the cask, thinking to make a rush forward ; that minute Mr. Knightley, who was watching him from a window (the other was only an image), lets drive at him, cool and steady, and poor Patsey drops like a cock, and never raised hia head again. He was shot through Hie body. He l.«^_ a bit ; but in less than an hour he was a dead nun ^tte-* We began to think at last that we hadgottof™ « u thine:, and lhat we should have to drop it life MwS» u at Kadombla. However Starlight was £5 ofttli111* that won't be beat, and he kept getting more and ^ determined to score. He crept away to the back nf tif* building, where he could see to fire at a top window cWk6 where the doctor and Mr. KnighUey had been^tTini « b* He had the repeating rifle he'd won fiomme^K v f** it go afterwards, and he could make wonderful stootin I *LvL it. He kept it going so lively that they began toft? TS pressed inside and had to fire away twice as nWhamm^ tion as they otherwise would. It always beat me howtK' \- ontrived to defend so many points at once. We rri Ji £ I and front, doors and windows. Twenty times we triri rush, but they were always ready-so it seemed-and tL * fire was too hot for us to stand up to, unless we \wntetl lose every second man. ^a ta The sboottog was very close. Nearly every one of n» h« a atcratch- Stailight rather the worst, as he was L2; the' front and showed himself more. His left arm » bleeding pretty free, but he tied a handkerchief over it a»?S went on as if nothing had happened ; only I could see tw hiB face had that set look he only got now and then «,* his eyes began to Bhow out a fierce light. ' va At List we began to see that the return fire was sladrino off, while ours was as brisk as ever. 'Hurrah.!' sT^ Stariight, ' I believe they'll give in soon; if they had anr cartridges thej would have had every mau of us in that la*t rush. Let's try another dodge. Here goes for a battetio*. ram, Dick:' ^ He pointed to a long heavy sapling, which had be™ fetched in for a sleeper or something of that sort Wn picked it np and, taking a run back, brought it with aU ft« weight against the front door. In it went like a sheet of bark ; we almost fell as we ran forward, end found ourselves in a big, dark halL It seemed very queer and stranmT everything was so silent and quiet. ^ ' We hall expected another volley. But nothing cimn We could only stand and wait. The others had Rona romX the side of the house. ^ ouaa ' Get to a corner, Dick, they're always the safest places We must mind it isn't an ambush. What the devil's tha matter? Are they going to suicide, like the people in tha round tower of JhaneiF' * 9 ' There are no women here,'. I said. ' There's no savin* what Mr. Knightley might do if his wife had been here '^ 'Thank Goal she's away at Bathurst,' said Starlight ' I hate seeing women put out. Besides everybody tows down to Mrs. Knightley. She's as good as she's handsome I believe, and that's eaying a great deal.' ' Just then, Moran and Wall managed to find their way into the other side of the house, and they came tearing into the hall like a pair of colts. They looked rather queer when they saw us three and no one else. 'What in thunder's up?' says Moran. ' Are they all gone to bed, and left us the spare rooms! Poor Patsey won't want one, anyhow.' 'Bettor make some search upstaira,' says Starlight. 'Who'll go first? Yon make a start, Moran; yoa lika « Couldn't think of going before the Captain,' says Moran, with a grin. ' I'll follow where you lead.' 'All right ?' says Starlight; 'here goes;' and he started to walk upstairs, when all of a sadden he stopped and looked up as if something had surprised him above a bit. Then he stepped back and wailed. I noticed he took off his hat, and leaned against the wall. It was an old-fashioned house, for that part of the world, built a good many years ago, by a rich settler, who was once the owner of all that side of the country. The stair case was all stone; ornamented everyway it could be. Three or four people could walk abreast, easy enough. Just about half way up was a broad landing, and on this, all on a eudden, appeared four people, inclined by their ways to come down to where we were, while we were all won dering, for a reason you'll see afterwards. It was Mr. Knightley, who took the lady's arm— it was his wife— and she had been there all the time ! firing at us as like as not— or, at any rate, helping. The others followed , and they all walked quite solemn and steady like down the stairs together. It was a strange sight. There we were standing and leaning about the .dark hall, staring and wondering, and these people walking down to meet ub .like ghosts, without speaking or anything else. Mr. Knightley was a tall, handsome man, with a grand black beard that came down to his chest. He walked like a ?ord, and had that kind of manner with him that come to people that have always been used to be waited on and have everything found for them in this world. As for his wife, ehe was given in to be the handsomest weman in the whole country side— tall and graceful, with a beautiful smile, and Boft fair hair. Everybody liked and respected her, geatla and simple— everybody had a good word for her; you couldn't have got any one to say different for a hundred pounds. There are some people, here and there, like this among the gentlefolk ; and, eay what you like,' it does more to make coves like us look a little closer at things, and keep away from what's wrong and bad, than all the pareonB* talk twice over. Mrs. Knightley was the only woman that ever put me in mind of Miss Falkland, and I can't Bay more than that. So, as 1 said before, 'it was quite a picture to see them walk fclowly and proudly down and sweep into the hall as if they'd been marching into a ballroom. We both seen them, at the ball at the Turon, and everybody agreed they wero the handsomest couple there. Now they were entering their own hall in a different way. But you couldn't have told much of what they felt by their faces. He was a proud man, and felt bitterly enough that he had to surrender to a gang of men that he hated ana despised; that he'd boasted he could run down and capture in a month. Now tho tables were turned— he and his beautiful wife were in our power, and, to make matters worse, one of our band lay dead, beside the inner wall, killed by his hand. , , What was to be his doom ? And who could say how bucb a play might end ? . n r I looked at our men. As they stepped on to ltolw« . the hall and looked round, Mrs. Knisttley smiled. &&9 looked to me like an angel from heaven, that had come oy chance into the other place, and hadn't found out hor mis take. I saw Starlight start as he looked at her. Hevras still leaning against the wall, and there was a soft, sorrow ful look in his eyes, like I remember noticing once betora whUe he was teltring to Aileen about his early days, £ ™iaJ he never did but once. Part of her hair had straggled down, and hung in a sort of ringlet by her face, uw pale lut clear and bright-looking, and there was a thm streak of blood across her forehead that showed as she came underneath the lamp light from the landing above. I looked over at Moran-he and WaU sat in a «r looking as erim and savage as possible, while - auM»g black eyes had a kind of gloomy fire in them that made aim look like a wild beast in a cage. - *™,-j Mr. Knightley was a man that always had;the first wora in everything, and ^generally the best of an argiuMnMg. ting down anybody who differed from him in a quiet, sups ri-HftSnWn^ 'Well.my^n.Ihaveco-ed^o surrendef, and I'm sorry to be obliged to do »? ? ^ have fired our last cartridge-Oie doctor thought ^we w thousand ieft-in which case, I may as .™' *« l°t a\ ^uV never have had this pleasure. Capton i*™1^ t^t render my sword- or should do so if I had one. » e to receive honourable treatment at your nanae. 'I'm sure the Captain will never permit any urn come to me,' says Mrs. *B*^^£j£^w3b, that, in spite of herself, said a deal more , maa * trhy, 1 danced vis-a-vis to him in a quadnlie at tue ^'i'shall never forget the honour ' ^JjJtf&Sg; forward and bowing low. ' Permit me to ofier you madam, j on look faint.' . , ,. io0fced as if As he did so, she sank down ai i , and «^^ wonder she would faint away. ^^^l^^S&t-; if she had, after what she'd gone through t natn^ Then MV. Ktfghtiey began aga w u He gj*^ Wall how he stood. He didn't ike the look of wg^ wad -they were a deal too quiet ^ JJ^^giSeS were the men's faces like a book, pother two pnson German Doctor Benstein-a plucky ^ * J^W£U, in b» rebel and a conspirator and I don t know ?* ^g owncountry. He'd ^ ^to0 jf ^f tto kind. Tha to fauuble himself overmuch abo»U*» r ^ ^ them old woman was a family servant ^Jd of ffowhiffW of for years and years. She was a bb i ^ their's, and was ready to live or die witn uw 