\- Biblei Siate Schools. " FULLY convinced ?f the necessity of maintaining the 'seculair irinciples` of our Education Act, biut extremely doubtful of the genuineness of the zeal 'displayed by its opponents, we yet recognise the desirability of keeping clearly before our minds the reasons for our" faith in th'e present scheme. Amongst the arguimnerits in favor of the exclusion of all religious teaching whatever from State Schools are many that have not been sufficiently adverted to, but which materially strengthens our cause. A'short review of the methods of conveying religious instruction in the Denominational Schools during'the years immediately preceding the in ception of the Act would help to convince many of the utter folly of ever attempting such a course iii our State schools. In most of the D)enomina tional Schools the religious instruction -if we may so call it- consisted of the deliverance of a prayer by the head teacher' on the opening of the school in the morning, and a similar performance at the close. of the work in the after noon.' During the delivery of the prayer the master's eyes were open lynx like-watching for some poor unfortunate -scholar. who might even during prayer time indulge his'chatter ing or playful propensities to his own sorrow. - No sooner' had the final "Amnen". been pronounced than .the master's voice rang through the school room with terrible .omen, "Come out here, Smith,"" and his unfortunate culprit was subjected to a caning for irreverence, Where, we would like to know, was the 'grace. of God or that unction of the Holy Ghost, that clergy men, evangelic?ils and :sturdy Presby terians alike, assert to be necessary_ before the prayers of any human being can be expected to find a'cceptance with our Father in Heaven? Is a prayer, or is it only the' form without the essential spirit ? Is such a prayer likely to be.in any way efficacious, or is it not much more likely to produce contempt for and unbelief in the value of prayer? Further during the school hours the teacher is frequently subjec ted to petty annoyances, and sometimes' when the time has .arrived for ceasing. work he is not in the frame of mind to supplicate an ever-loving and unchange able Deity.. But the school must be closed with prayer, and therefore pray he must whether in or out of temper. Of one master, who pIerhaps was imbued with' a more honest Christian feeling than is usually -met with, we have a pleasing reminiscence. He had been dealing with a scholar for a severe breach of discipline just a few minutes before the time for: dismissal. ' His temper was a little ruffled : he felttthat he .was not in a prayerful mood: con ceiving that it would be but a mockery to offer a prayer to his God at such a time he suddenly exclainmed in broken English-for he 'was 'a foreigner "Take your hats and go.' I am too scotty to pray." Such instances as' these," we contend,' show that the religion that would -be conveyed by the teacher's efforts -would be 'ineffectual for the very reason •that -it wants the essential spirit of all true religion.' Who, then, are the proper persons to impart religion that would savor of true. divine piety ? The :ininisters? No, certainly not, for their efforts would be fitful-and inconstanit. ;Probably for a week or twothey ouiild: work earnestly. and vigorously,' but their earnestness and vigor would be soon. damped by the scarcityu of fruit that their labor would produce, aiid by their own dis inclination to deal with religiois matters wilien in conjunction with purely seculai work. All this hies hben amply proved ini the liast, :andi iwe do not w-ish to ad-ance a single; statecmentthat cannot 'be "urisorted" bl the mostirrefrigable evidencei.:? In- ione denominational schiool" iditih t.h'chi wee; c ere. closely acqiuainte'l, 'a minister hlppeined to ie orrespondent- of- the School :-Board. During: seveni full years fromnis 865 to b872, only on ?three' occasions do. we remimber:his !iaviig visited the sciool and tlhenonly in orderi to' distribute prizes. This, minister, is' now ofie?of the :loiudest. aind isost : unreasonable olIponcnts of :the -secular side of, our Educationir Act.-:;: He- is iie-erl doine tondemning An -ii nmeasiured terms-the lolicy of State initerfernce;as. lise calls' it; h. ilrigiri; mniattrs : H.oc,iwei : iioild .like' to' noo.,: in ti 'ficea of.utich examples:' ?ii ini: any. reasoinimg be`ing . tieLe [c in thlie genuiness evi of teg.O;f ; opportminics'efu iv'--maitn"- religious ns'ructip 'I. hy h? v eirr Sucuda-u Cominissionthat he did lnot manage to secure the aittendance of thescholars ?hliom he desired; thlat those only who atterinded Sundaiy scihools joined his classes, ~iiilst those who nevei entered 1aSiunday'sclool were alvays regular in escaping lhis ' classes. Front the above considerations ,.e' can at once see that religion ,canmnot be miade part of our school course to lie tauight by ministers or State school teachers. Oher ques tions as to whether it is not impossible to frame a coirse of religioius lessons to suit all sects, as to ?hbether such a course, even if framed, `would not be useless and impracticable, and as to the .false, and iunprincipled. allegations. about the godless nature of our school books 'we shall; leave for future con sideration. 