NOTES. Following tho Donble Bay regatta, full pnrticularaVoI whioh are herewith, published, tho Balmain regatta is tho next aquatio ovont of importanco to be discussod. Tho committee are sparing neither troublo or expense to makoit the foatnro of tho public holiday on the Prinoe of Wales" Birthday. They have boen exceedingly fortunate in having thoB.M.S. Australia placed at their disposal as flagship, and Captain Ghost and nis offloora will certainly have their vessel in good order for tho reception of visitors. Tho en- tries will finally close this (Saturday) evening at tho Inter- national Hotel) bat by reason of the postponement of closing entries from. Monday last, tho oommittea sro [ perpetrating a system which, appears to have become a I rule ia aquatic aports-and a very bad one, too-that of I calling for entries for one day and finally closing them some days afterwards. This would never bo tolerated in any other sport, and why it should be in aquatics seems at i present to be a mystery. Entries for the Krug Champagne Cup must bo lodged I with the secretary of the New South Wale3 Association by Monday evening, and it is fully anticipated that there will be a grand contest on November 17. A meeting of members of the Ko val Sydney Yacht Squad- ron was held on Thurndny afternoon at the Fxchauge, Commodore linos vresiding. Messrs. Chris. Newton, iun., Hornee P. Kills, P. M'Leod, J. Chisholm, and I). E. Wise wero nominated as now members. The aocond-cla3g yacht ra:e, for a prizo of JC2~>, waa fixed for January 19; the third , dais yacht race, for a prizo of i"¿0, for Febraary 2 ; and ! fourth-class yacht races, for £15 each, were fixed for Pe 1 combers und February 9. Mr. Cvitcheit Waiker ana Mr. lr. Kelton were duly elected members, and the meeting then closed. 'lhe National Regatta is not to be forgotten, and a meet- ing will be held on Tuesday evening to make some pre liminary arrangements, and to present the balance-sheet of the last regatta, lt is intended to make the next Anniver- sary Regatta one worth remembering, and it is expected that the public will assist to make the affair a complete success. As usual Mr. Garvan, M.L.A.,and Mr. Green are the moving spirits in this great national holiday. Elias Laycock's benefit at the Theatre Royal is now defi- nitely fired for the afternoon of Novon.b ir '¿I. Mr. Sharland, of Tasmania, one of the competitors, is now in active training ac Gascoigne's, on the riv«?r, and is doing Bomo good work. Mr, Fittes, the Victorian repre- sentative, is expected on Saturday, and will doubtless give a good account of himself. Tho Balmain Regatta committee have added another race to their already attractive programme-ono for 25ft open boats nuder canvas. The many friends of Elias Laycock will bo glad to learn that he is fast recovering from his recent accident, and will shortly be ablo to hold roceptions at "The Bells," in Woolloomooloo. In connection with tho late Sohools' Raoe, won by St. Phillip's Grammar School, a handsome gold medal, sub- scribed by tho scholars, was on Friday last presented to Mr. Blackatono, of tho Mercantile Rowing Club. The de- sign is tno school crast and motto (an open Bible with Fiat lux written thereon), and on tho reverse side the mono« gram of Mr. Blackstone. lu prosonting the gift the Rev. J. 13. Langley, president of the school, advorted to the great kindness evinced by Mr. Blackstone, and the amount of trouble he had taken in training the boys so as to enable them to pull the race they did. Mr. Ernest Morham, stroke of the crew, then read a highly complimentary address to Mr. Blackstone, expressive of the gratitude of tho crew for the inaunor in which ho had trained them. Mr. Blackstone, in roply, expressed the pleasure it had been to him as a rowing manto see them victorious, and hoped they would continuo to be SUCCOBSIUI until the cup became the property of the school. Elias Laycock writes in answer to Edward Trickett''s last letter re funds in England, saying that Mr. Wentworth and Messrs. B. S. and Jack Thompson put up tho stakes for tho races on the Thames, and contradicts some other state- ments. It seems a great pity that any such dispute should have arisen at tho present time, when it is absolutely necessary, not only tor their own interests, but for the interests of the sport in Australia, that professional scullers should stand by each other. The dispute arose in a trivial manner, and should be carried no further. On Saturday afternoon a very exciting pair-oared race took place ia connexion with tho temperauce pionio held at ' Cremorne, the Drat prize a silver trophy valued at £5, second £3. Tho course was once round Pinchgut, starting and winnini; at Cremorne. À capital start was effected by Mr. Lawson, and a capital race ensued for the first mile. The Spark, rowed by .Ninian (M.L.A.), and W. Melville, kept up a grand paco and seemed probable winnora. But the Secundns, rowed by Coy and Hannah, put on a spurt, and came in eauy winners in 18 minutos, the Nancy sooond, and Spark third. The rest were nowhere. The Manly E. and S. Club i nt on d to hold their first regatta ou Saturday, December 15, and wo are glad to seo at length some practical outcomo of the concerts, balls, and entertainments which have had for their object the promotion of this undertaking. It may be well to remark that in consequence of the liberal manner in which resi- dents of Manly and members of the club have come for« ward, the club starts with a club-house and rowing-sheâ, a floating stage and punt, and a fleet of boats, aud without a Eeuny of debt, a position which no other club iu the colony as attained at BO earlv a stage of its career. Outsiders have thought that the club had adopted as its motto tho words festina lento, and in the sense that a substantial foundation for futuro suc- cess was being laid with care and attention thoy were right ; tho timo has now come for the young athletes to enter the aquatic, arena, and we trust they will demonstrate that thoro may bo a wiser policy than to " hasten slowly.*' On tfaturday, December 15, all Manly will woarit-B gala attire. A magnificent flagship of large dimensions has boen scoured ; n well directed baud will be in attendance. The umpire and starter will be well known and popular yaohtsmon. Tho coinmittoo will consist of the leading men of Manly, some of whom have acquired an enviable notoriety by thrsir opon-hauded hospitality. Should the weather prove fine tbero ought to be somo good sport on the occasion, and for plenty of fresh-air and lovely scenery thoro is uo bettor place in the world for an afternoon's pleasuro than Our Village" and its environs. A professional sculling race will tako place on December 8 between M. Trickett, M. Rush, D. M'Donald, and W. Beach, each contributing £20. The first prbzo will be£150, presented by Mr. J. Hunt, of the Oxford Hotel, second, prizo £60, third prize £20. Tho raco to conie oil over the^ Champion Course, Parramatta River, on December 8. The* winner of tho raco will bo expectod to contest against Edward Hanlan on tho Parramatta, oi» his arrival in Sydney, in tho ovont of Elias Laycocknot beingsufflciently rocovorod to moot him. Messrs. Punch and Deebles have given £100 for an all-comers' outrigger raco, to be g-3wed over tho Champion Course on December 15. The men con- testing aro to bo those who have never won a t>rize in out- riggers over tho valuo of £50, Those races will cause con sidorablo excitement. "Cloanthus," ia tho "Australasian," says that a sculling matoh, to come off on tho Parramatta River at Sydney, was recently made between Joseph Ives, of Sydney, and George Hill (of *'Khooak" celebrity), of Melbourne. The stakes aro to bo ¿230 a-sido, and tho course will bo from tho Bathing-houae at Ryde to Gladesville wharf, a distanoe of about two anda half miles. The contest is fixed for tho 10th proximo. Of tho opening of tho Victorian yachting season at Mel- bourne last Saturday, tho "Argus " says :-For the second year in succession, tho oponing of tho yachting scasou has been ushered in with such rough aud boisterous weather as to entirely mar tho efforts of the committee of the V.Y.C, to ronder it a success. A strong north-westorly wind blew at about 1 o'clock on Saturday, which gradually freshened as tho day advanced, and towards evening becamo a hoavy gale. Shortly after the appointed hour, the commodore of the club, Sir William Clarke, whose presence, and that of tha^ico-cominodoro, Mr. White, gave great satisfaction to the yachtsmen, signalled tho squadron to preparo, for evolutions, and thero were then found, ont of 15 Intended yachts, but seven to take part ia the day's proceedings. They wore the following J Janet, cutter, 35 tons-Sir W. J. Clarke May Queen, schooner, 31 tons-Riobard Whito Pert, cutter, 15 tons-J. W. Lush Mlnnohaha, cutter, ll tons-Messrs. Mackay, Ward, Baillioro, and others Kory O'More, cutter, 10 tons-J. F. Marrett . Erin, cnttor, 10 tonn-H. P. Fergio . .. ... ¿ Asseirai. cutter, 6 tons-Jno. Barker. Tho yachts, aftor hanging around the Janet and'May Queen for a few minutes, all started for Quoansollff. . The ABsegtii, Bhipping water heavily, owing to the want of n proper cap round the mast at tho deck, returned to Williamstown, as (lid tho Rory O'More, Erin, and Minnehaha, no doubt thinking that tho wind, thou freshening, was too much to p&rmit; of any plcasuro in tho joumoy down. Tho May Queen hold on her courBO, na did tho Janet also, with the Pert astern. Tho last-named yacht had a tremon duous " dusting," and carried away Btorm jib and foresail, oompolling hor to push on nndor für too heavy canvas, but Bbc was well bnndlod by her helmsman, nnd reached tho cliff without further mishap. Tho Janot's timo on reach- ing hor anchorite was 35 minutes past 5 p.m., the May Quoou's6 p.m., and the Pert about ono hour later. The oommodoro invited the ynchtsmen during tho cruise on boord tho Janet, and nor trim and taut and neat appear- ance in every way called forth well-merited praise on hor skipper, Captain Banner, and her crow. A display of fire- works from the Janot and May Queen brought the day's proceedings to a oloso. OX ttl» f cgthcominy amateur race oa tho Lower Tam. tao ' ** Melbourne Sportsman " says i-The competitor» for tb» I Amateur Sculling Bace on the Lower Tarra are taking great care that tue j- aboil bo fit and well for their spin on November 7. "Wood is sculling in the samo well-known style, but he appears to me to have considerably improved in his speed, His lnig, slow drag, which, though rouirh reminding one of Dick Deadeye in " Pinafore, in being .lightly three- cornered-¡3 powerful, with u twist or jerk, making the boat appear to travel very faat. Ile gets on Wood, too. Brett, with his height, Oft 2in, looks well in his boat. He, too, dos3 not inconveuianee hiniielf with fast action ; so Tised does ha seem to the 3t miles of th« Parramatta course, that for some timo he will be unable to gnu?e his speed over the Yarra t-ack. He roache« out well, and commences witn a steady movement of tho blades through the water ; but when tho stroke ie dono it ia evident a good strain has been on the sculls. I fancy he finishes rather short with his hands, but his movements are all remarkably eaBy. Mr. Brett started hie preparation immediately he ¡irrived, and I am informed that he rowed on Sydney Harbour on Monday morning, and on the afternoon of the following day explored tho Yarrai« his racing shell. Bincc, he has taken his rows both in the morning and evening, somotimes over the convincing? ground, asçainst a doublo sculling boat. He has a very sliebt cold, bat otherwise is well and confident. Tho saino authority says that fate has willed that Bare Green, shall not return to AdehUde without a win. ile waa with a well-known amateur soulier, who has had a few ehets for the Maiden Sculls, when a scratch match was made for a small trophy. The competitors were started et Brander's Ferry by Mr. G. Hill, both vetting away well. For half tho distauco Green was boland ; but his bettei condition bogan to toll at the corner, where he took first place, eventually winning by a length. Mr. G. Brett acted as unipiro, and Mr. Dyer as judge. At tho annual meeting of tho Port Adelaide Bowing Ciuk tho following officers were elected for the forthcoming yoar :-Patron, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.; president, Mr. W. H. Bundey, Q.C.; vice-presidents, Messrs. W. H. Thomp- son, J.P., W. Christie, W. E. Mattinem, M.P..D. Bower, M.P., ana Edward Formby } captain, Mr. John Playfair { vico-captain, Mr. E. LoMessurier ¡hon. secretary and trea- surer, Mr. E. J. Lamb ¡ assistant hom secretary, Mr. E. C. Le; Messurier] committee, Messrs. P. W. Fletcher, J. Miller, and ll. Cruickshank. A warm vote of thames for their post sorvioes was accorded to the retiring captain and secre- tary (Messrs. E. J. Lcmb and E. Formby), and the com- mittee. Tho Huon Begatta (Tasmania) will bo held on New Yonr's Day, and in connection with.aquatics.in that lovely, island, Messrs. Syne and Co., of the Cascade Brewery, have offered a prize of 100 sovs for an intercolonial y août race on tho Derwent Kivor. Uf the now Trident Amateur Yacht Club inauguration, held at the Albert Park, Melbourne, on Saturday, the "Argus" says that " notwithstanding the boisterous state of tho weather, there was a largo number of visitors, mora than ordinary interest being taken in the event, owing to tho special features presented ; the leading ones being that all members are amateurs, and the boats are manned br lads attending the Church of England Sunday School ana, tho Scotch and Wesley Colleges, who are enrolled as junior mombors, and admitted to all the privileges and advantage* of their seniors, tho expenses being defrayed by tho latter. AJJ soon as the boys have gamed a little experience, fort« nightly races will bs instituted, and it is hoped that bf those means the rising generation will bo induced to take an interest in this healthy and practically usoful amusement. The soene on Saturday was a very pleasant- ono, and not- withstanding the many counter attractions about 60 boy* put in an appearance, dressed in dark-blue guernseys, with a distinguishing oap for each sohool. Tho lads, looking bright and intelligent, entered heartily into the pro gxauimo, aud paid a flattering and earnest attention to tb» various instructions with regard to bending and reefing '. sails, ¿to., given bj tho senior members, who sported the usual yachting costume. At half-past 3 the orews, with, , their respective captains, landed from the boats, and mus« tered round the flagstaff, near Edwardo's boathouse, the temporary headquarters of the club. Sirs. Üorltham then loosened the ensign, which is of dark-blue, with a trident and tho initials T.A.Y.0. on tho flold. Three ringing ohcore were given by tho members, and heartily echoed by tho visitors, after which the orews proceeded on board the boat. The same journal of a provious date says :-" A large amount has boon expended by tho Grovern» mont upon the lake at various times, and there can be no doubt that a olnb /ormod uuon this basis is a step in the right direction, and the lake will be put to its proper use, namely, a nursery for yachtsmen. The water is so shallow that no danger need be apprehended, and firs« efforts may ' bo made without fear of anything more serious than a' Eortial ducking. The motto of the club. Non nobís solum, i fully carried out, and the sonior members anticipate at) much pleasuro in witnessing the struggles of the young- sters as if engaged in tho contests themselves, and the club is satisfied that its views have met with the approval of thc n'»lie, ns evinced hythe willingness displayed by many . ueutial gentlemen to become honorary members." Nsw YORK, September 14.-In reply to the challenge of Í?eter Conley, of Portland, to row Wallace Bane five milos, or 500dol a-side, the latter announces that he will accept» on condition that Richard K. Pox be the final stakeholder. .' have the naming of the water and the appointment of . 1 tho referee». Bose has deposited lOOdol with Fox, while 1 Conley has put up the same amount with the .'Argus," ot Portland. In regard to the offer of James Keenan, ot Boston, to match Charles B. Courtney to row Boss fiv* miles, EOSB says that if Keenan sends on a forfeit tf ' - Kiohard K. Fox he will arrange a match with Courtney' and wagers ISOOdol against lOOOdol as to the result. ? > ' >>>>> 