.GOUXOVS REDEMPTION. . No work of modern times has caused so wide spread an interest as this latest production of I the great Fronch composer, Gounod. Although I completed expressly for performance at the Bir mingham Festival of 1882, the idea of writing a sacred work to be called The Redemption was first conceived in 1S67. Some of the instrumental music belonging to it was thon composed, and the libretto written shortly afterwards. It is in three parts, with a prologue, and the comprehen sive scheme of tholibrctto will best bo understood by quoting tho composer's own commentary. He aays "This work is a lyrical setting forth of the three great facts on which depend tbe cxistonce ot tho Christian Church. These facts are : 1. The passion and the death of the Haviour. 2. His glorious life on earth from His resurrection to His ascension. 3. The spread of Christianity in tho world through the mission of the Apostles. These three paria of the present trilogy are preceded by a prologue on tbo Creation, the fall of our first parents, and tbe promise of a Redeemer." When the first part commences we find Jesus already condemned to death, the circumstances being described by the narrators, and the Mareh to Calvary immediately following. A lengthy orchestral movement in march rhythm 1b succeeded by the chorale, Vexilla Regis, a commentary by holy women upon the mournful procession they Are be holding, tbe canto fcrmo having nn independent orchestral accompaniment, after which the march is resumed, to give place again to tho narrators, whose recital leads to an address from tho Saviour, Ye Daughters of Israel. The march is again heard, tho chorale Vexilla Regis being given this timo in conjunction wit h it, sung in unison by the full chorus. It is difficult to describe the impression 1 produced by this long and elaborate movement. It iB evidentlythercflult.notonlyofdeepstudy, but of intense feeling and wonderful dramatic power. It conveys an Awful sense of reality, the brutal, mocking Roman soldiery, the pious de votion of the holy women, and the tender, calm and elevated nccents of the Saviour, blend ing in ono impressive and solemn scene. In tho next number, which depicts tho Crucifixion, tbe Redemption therao is again heard, the narrators carry the story forward, and & short chorus of derisive priests is answered by a prayer from the Saviour. Pardon their Sin. To this follows a chorus, The Reproaches, which through recitative and quartet with chorus, Beside the Cross Re maining, leads to the lamentations of tho Virgin Mnry, While my Watch I am Keeping, accom panied iu the orchestra hy the air of tho Stahat Mater. This is repeated by tbe chorus with independent orchestral accompaniment, tbe organ meanwhile playing tho plain chant of tho Stabat Muter. Hero follows the episode of thetwothieves. Whentheimpenitentthiefspeaks, a fragrant of tho Redemption theme is heard in verted, it iB afterwards given entire at the pro mise made to tbe penitent thief. More recita tives and a chorale lead to a graphic instrumental number illustrating the darkness at tbe ninth liour. The narrators continue to describe the incidents of the crucifixion, accompanied freely and independently by tho orchestra. Tho earth quake is described by both narrators at once, ch i omutic progressions and skilful orchestration illustrating the text. The first part ends with a nliort. chorale. For ns the Christ is made a Victim Availing. Tho second part de scribes tho Resurrection and Ascension. In this remarkable scene tbe genius of the composer has fall scope, and the result is over powering in its effect. The celestial and terres trial answer each othor, the former being repre sented by trumpet calls, the latter by orchestra, organ, and Chorus. In the opeuing chorus, Saviour of Men, groups of trumpet players nre directed to be stationed at opposite ends of the ! orchestra, a device used by llerlioz, that groat discoverer of the possibilities of a modem orchestra, and by Verdi in his Requiem. The three holy women approach the Sepulchro, end see tbe stone rolled away. The angel addresses them with Why seek ye tho Living Among the Dead? and announces to them tbe resurrection of Jesus, The composer describes tbo accom paniment to the angel's solo as consisting of a diatonic progression of tones and semitones in j contrary motion, between tho extreme parts, » concluding with a sudden riso of tho interval of i a third in both melody and bass at the words He is Risen, thus expressing that Christ, by his i divine power, has triumphed over the grave. Tho j melody certainly rises, but not the bass, and us ; tbe sequence of chords is a very ordinary one, it - is difficult to understand Gounod's idea in thus describing it- Tbo next division of this number deals with the appearance of Jesus to the women, . an orchestral prelude, apparently depicting their walk to Emtnnus, and the narrator tells how as . they walked Jesus stood beforo thctu. Tho typical theme appears in tho orchestra, while Jesus bids them tell the disciples he has gone before them into Galileo, after whieh the resump tion of the orchestral movement indicates that the women have proceeded on their way. Here iollows the scene before the Sanhedrim, where the chief priests bribed tbo guards who had kept watch at the sepulchre to say that his disciples stole'tbcir master away by night. After the narrators have described the gloomy gathering of the disciples . , reealliug the words of Jesue, comes the melotous trio sung by tho holy women. The Lord ft Risen Again ; followed by an exquHiteuirjroffEesopntno with chorus, Froin Thy Love fls'iqfther. The norm- tors uowdescrihejjyppejirance of Jesus to his disciples, ttfotypicul melody is again beard, and when Jetfta addresses them the orchestra once mor takes up the harmonic progression which ft/companies the words of the angel to tbe holy 'women at the sepulchre. A brief description of the ascension by the tenor narrator ' leads to ono of tho finest numbers of the work, tbe chorus, Unfold, ye Portals Everlasting. Trumpet calls and harps aro supposed to tie heard from above, tho celestial and terrestrial choirs respond to each other, tho former accom panied by delicate arpeggios, tbe latter by the organ and the entire strength of the orchestra. The two choirs are eventually combined, and at the conclusion of the chorus the typical melody is given for the last time with all tbe grandeur of full orchestra and organ, a tonic pedal being sustained throughout. Jn this number Gounod seems to have employed all tho resources of his experience and genius, und has brought to bear upon it the entire force of his religious enthu siasm. With this imposing climax the interest of the oratorio culminates, and it would seem thathereisits natural termination. The composer, however, thought otherwise, and has appended a third part, which is superscribed Pax qui cx&i-; ' $mt omncm nensum. In this the Pentecost, tho descent of the Holy. Ghost, and tho Apostles in prayer are successively aopictod. The conclud" ing number, the Hymn of the Apostles, is de scribed by the composer as giving u summary of the Christian faith, und is divided into seven distinct parts. The soprano solo with chorus, Lovely Appear Over the Mountains, has an orchestral prelude, the principal feature of which in a phrase identical with that of tho commence ment of the tenor air in Mendelssohn's St. Paul, Bo Thou Faithful nnto Death. The first number is intended by its style to recall tbo Proses, » portion of the Liturgy of the Roman Catholic Church. The whole of these fimd movements are concerted and choral, and the concluding portion, commencing He Like the Holy Ghost, starts with a short fugato movement, the only specimen of polyphonic writing in the work. Tukon as a whole there is a glow of religious fervor throughout the work that makes itself felt, while the command of harmonic combinations and orchestral resources possessed by the composer allows him to express his thoughts freely, and gives him every opportu nity of making new nnd startling effects. Its performance lust evening at the Town Hall by the Philharmonic Society was, in many respects, good. Much pains had evidently beon taken with the choruses, which were i sung, not only with precision, but with | some attention to light and shade. This marks a considerable advance upon the kind of performance the Philharmonic Society has given during the past year, and will, it is to be hoped, prove tho inauguration of steady progress, and the gradual attainment of still greator excellence. Tbo solo vocalists wero Madame Siraonsen. Miss Holland, Mrs. Allen, Messrs. Walsbe, Wilitama, Sincock, Bergin, and Herr Eimblad. who, on account of the indisposition of Mr. Moroney, kindly consented to take the part of the bass narrator at only & day's notice. His highly cul tivated style, rich and manly voice and declama tory power, made his assistance an immense ad vantage. Every word was given distinctly, with correct emphasis and dramatic truth, an example of oratorio singing constituting a most valuable lesson in this little understood branch of musical art. Madame Simonsen sang artisti cally, and had allotted to her some of the most attractive numbers in tho oratorio. The solo with chorus, From thy Love as a Father, is especially beautiful, aud was given with much expression. Miss Holland sang the lament of tho Virgin Mary, While iny Watch I am Keeping,' and took part in the concerted music. Her stylo of singing does not enable her to render oratorio music in an entirely satisfactory manner, Her solo was taken at rather too slow n tempo, us were also some other numbers. To Mr. Borgia was assigned tbe responsible task of singing tho baritono music. His sympathetic voice wus heard to advantage, and his reading was com mendable. .Mr. Walsh e, tbe teuor narrator, sang very correctly, hut with a monotony ot tone and a want of dramatic power in strong contrast with the stylo of llcrr Eimblad. Messrs. Williams and £iucock sang the small parts of the penitent and impenitent thief care fully, und Mrs. Allen, in;the concerted music, was correct, though rather weak. Great praise is duo to the couductor, Mr. David Lee, for producing this work on so satisfactory a scale of complete ness, and ho hud evidently done his utmost to ob tain a successful performance. It is desirable that some other way of attracting the attention of tho chorus should bo adopted than tapping on tho conductor's desk, which is a constant source of annoyance to sensitive organisations. There was a very largo attendance, the hall being crowded in every part. 