IflWS. Young Men's Christian Associa tion's New Building. ' j The foundation-stone of the new built'ing for the Young ! Men's Christian Association, which is tc be erected at the coiner of Pitt and Bathurst streets, was laid on Saturday afternoon by Mrs. Margaret- Hampson, the well- known lady evangelist. The event was marked with a great deal of enthusiasm, and was attended by between 4000 and 5000 persons. The excavations for the foundations of the new building had been made to a depth of about 10 feet, and in the large pit thus formed, had been erected a sloping platform, capable ot accommo dating nearly 1000 persons. There was also a very lofty or ctntfA for the sneakers, ministers' of relie-inn. the cboir, and others taking an active interest in the proceedings. Around the boundaries of tbe land had been erected hand- rails and poles, which were decked with evergreens. A number of flags and bannerB were also dis played. The roads in the neighbourhood of the ground were thronged by a large concourse of persons. A body of police, under Inspector Anderson, was stationed at intervals along the boundaries to prevent an undue crush. The land for the new building was purchased at a cost of £13,000, and the estimated cost of the building, itself is £201000, and the amount subscribed towards the two sums (irrespective of the snms laid on the stone on Saturday; is £11 330. The dimensions of the land are as follows : — 60 feet' frontage to Pitt and 141 to Bathurst streets. The ground floor of the new building wilt be devoted to shops, eight in number— two in Pitt-street ani six in Bathurst gtreet. Every precaution will be taken to make the shops thoroughly fireproof. The first floor is approached by a epacious entrance, with a flight of stairs leading to the landing, off which is entered the lecture hall (66.6 x 40.6 x 29 high) . and reading-room (39 x 24.6 x 16 high) ; also the refreshment-room, secretary's cffice, and parlours. At the end of the large reading-room is the honorary secretary's room and library. At the western end Of the lecture hall is a choir gallery and platform ; at ihe eastern end will be a gallery. The lecture hall is lofty, well ventilated, with acoustic properties well studied. The interior of this has been effectively treated, with coved and panelled ceilings broken into bays. From the principal tending, by a bold flight ot stairs, is reached the second floor, upon which are the class-rooms, three in number ; also the dining-rooms, with patent lift from a kitchen from above. By & passage from tba_ same landing the gallery of the lecture hall is entered. The lecture hall, with gallery, will accommodate between eight and ten hundred adults.' The floor above, which is the third one, is approached ih similar manner. 'Upon thie floor will be the gymnasium, so constructed as to prove no annoyance to the rooms below. Upon this floor, at the eastern end, is the large, lofty amusement' room, also bedrooms and lavatories ; and from this landing is entered the custodian's room and living-room and bathrooms. In the north-west corner the kitchen is situated, with provision for lift, &c.; From the. western end of the building, in Bft^hurat-street, there will be a fine entrance to platformand other parts of the building. The exterior' has received careful Btudy, so as to produce one of the noblest features of architecture in the city. And bearing this out, the style adopted has been a free treatment ot Gothic ; fronts to Pitt ' and Bathurst streets, will be built of brick with stone. The principal entrance will be from Pitt-street, marked by a bold, imposing doorway., with Gothic arch, supported or embellished -with angle columns, with moulded base and enriched carved caps. The arch of the door is marked and made very effective by bold label and enriched spandriis. On each side of the door are massive Triers, with angle- columns, with foliated caps and moulded bases. The centre of each pier is marked by double band mould, with centre part filled in with quatre toil. On each side of 'grand entrance is a shop with massive plate-glass front, vith.tipper portion of sash filled in with ornamental glass in leaa quarries. The Bathurst-etreet shops are similar in treatment. The Pitt-street corners or boundaries are treated in the same bold manner, with massive and well* designed piers, forming, bays, and producing an attractive central feature. The shops in both streets are crowned with a bold and well-designed dentalled entablature. The entrance from Eathurst-streot has been treated with the tame effect as the front entrance. The first floor of cach frontage has been beautifully treated, breaking up the front into bays ; and over each shop in Pitt-street, aha the return end in Bathurst-street, there are triplet windows, treated with mullions and columns, with rich foliated caps ; moulded bases, with central bands to shafts of columns supporting the. Gothic-headed windows, crowned with neatly designed labels with foliated bosses, resting on an abacus band, with necking under the same,- continuing along the front and side in Bathurst-stneet. The bays in Bathurst-fitreet front, oyer each shop, are couplet windows, treated in the same effective manner aB those in Pitt-street. The piers are 'less massive, but possessing the sain'e archi tectural and pleasing effeot as the; larger pnoS, :with Ehaftlete on the angles, with small caps and bases, -and terminating wifh Gothic gablets, with carved finial. The second floor is treated in the same manner, the floi-r being marked by bold and effectively designed string, with ball flowers insetted in the cavetto portion of mould. The whole .of the floors, in. both streets, are surmounted _ or crowned with a WeU-designedentablatore, supported by rich foliated blockings, the space between each block being relieved by a richly-designed patent. Above the entablature, the parapet is continued, with smell mould crowning same. Ibe entablature and parapet are broken by the. massive piere of Pitt-street being carried above, and also in Bathurst-street with small piers. - These are formed into Gothic gablets, and moulded with angle columns with ciocketted pinnacles, the apex being finished with richly' foliated finfalq. .The fronts of gablet portion of large piers are filled in withCothic panels, with cusped arch. The central feature of front entrance is well marked by a pediment with flowing band,', with name of society inserted on same. ^The aide 'entrance is {also well and effectively treated, this being crowned byavery imposing Gothic diaperced gable,- with finial. Both fronts are broken by the piers, producing an agreeable play. ofJight and shade.^ The ?ritt-etreet front being the principal; 'the roof on each side .of entrance is -carried up, forming steep mansard roof, breaking the sky lin$, and producing a grandappearance for the main front. The^roots are enriohed with creating of ornamental iron. From the top of the flats a magnificent view of the wty and its sufrbundings will bB obtained. The side roof in Bathurst-street is a lowrifttis&rd;, broken up by effectively seated dormers and' storm lights. Mr. Thomas Rowe, of Vickery's-chambers,- Pitt-street, is the architect. 'The Son tractor for the masons' w'orkj & Mr. R.' Sime. The con ^rfor carpenters', joiners', and finishing trades is Mr. w . Coleman. Clerk of works, Mr. P. Rowe. . ihe proceedings in connebtion with the laying of the stone were commenced at half-past 3 o'clock, under, the pre sidency of Mr. W. J. Foster. AmongBt the other gentle wen who occupied seats on the platform were the Vicar «eneral (Very Rev, Dean Cowper), Rev. A. G. Fry (chair &-an of the Congregational Union), Rev. Dr. Steel, Rev. James Jefferis, LL.B., Rev. J.-Cosh, M.A., andtheRevs. a. w. Murray, W. Clare, Savage, J.- Vaughan. G. G. bowden, T.-B. Tress* J. Hargrave, W. G. Taylor, J. D. ^tfey, G. Martin,* S. Wilkinson, J. Oram, G. Middle wn, Bowes, R. Collie, A. M. Jarvie, D. P. M. Hulbert, J. oV Fletcher, O. W. Pain, G. O Macquirk, Colin' ,^5'' 6. Bryant, F.JB. Boyca,&ndJ.; A. Nolan, e Hons j. P. Abbott (Minister for Mines), J. Frazer, Craig ?J]&, «&***. -fvtoy, Murrav, J* H. Goodlet^J ohn iKeht, ]STOkin ' * ^ywnjneht Geologist), E. V?ckery, Allernian^Dean, ciation) ' at^ua David Walker (Secretary of the Asso ^-me hymns having been sane, a portion .of Scripture re^' wdprayer offered, - - '? . i - . fniu'- ^eat read a statement to the effect that the were enclosed in ' a Sealed bottle, placed foundation- Btone Copies of 8. M.Merald, p'y JeJegraph,' Australian XJhitrchtoati, Church of S and, Record, Presbyterian Witness, W eekly Advocate, Banner- of Truth , F. M, C.A. A0*™, annual report of N.S.W. Y. M. C. A. ' 'TV * 811 . a °f the following statement : — premises fdrthe Mew. South, ilm tu oun®' Men's Christian Association' 'was ?- laid by Hampson, lady evangelist from Liverpool;-* S and, ou the 27th day of October, ' a.d. 1883, being the 46th year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty, Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and the British Colonies and Empress of India, the 'Right Honourable Lord Augustus William Frederick Spencer Loftus, Knight -«f th6 Grand Cross of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, a Member of her Majesty's Moat Honourable Privy Council, being Commander-in-Chief of . New South Wales and ite Dependencies. . The New South Wales ' Young ' Men's Christian 'Association was formed in Sydney in the year 1853, and for some years had a numerous roll of members, its objects being pursued with considerable vigour and success. Then came a season of less activity, and the association was almost dormant until, in the year 1874, Mr. D. W. Murphy was elected general secretary, and premises were rented in King-street, and subsequently in George-street. Cinder this gentle man's management the roll of members and subscribers largely increased. Energetic and effective efforts were for the eocfal, moral, religious, and intelleotual welfare- of young men. In 1877, the Rev. Dr. Sommerville, of Glas gow, after a series of evangelistic services in Sydney, exerted himself to strengthen .the position of the association,. and place it ou a more permanent basis. The result was that a number of Christian ministers and laymen framed a constitution and doctrinal basis for the association, which will be found in the annual report enclosed herewith. This constitution was adopted at a general meeting of the members, and the building to be erected over thie stone is to be in perpetuity tor the use of an association carrying on its operations under this constitution, At the same time a number of ministers of different Christian.denominations, and about 380 laymen, petitioned the board of management, of the association to appoint Mr. D.ivid Walker general secretary. This was done, and. forthwith there was a large addition to the members and subscribers, public confidence and sympathy gradually increased, the Christian churches manifested their interest in and appreci ation of the efforts and co-operation of . the association, wealthy laymen and mercantile firms gave liberal financial support, young men attached themselves to the institution, and much useful work was accomplished. The offices were removed to the more commodious rooms now occupied at-the corner of Pitt and Park streets. These were soon found inconvenient and too small. The -necessity for more suitable premises being apparent to wealthy citizens interested in the welfare and character of our young men, end who realised the value of the work of the Young Men's _ Christian Association,- several of them practically manifested their sympathy by largo donations towards a building at once adapted to the' requirements of the association and ornamental to the city. --Their example was liberally followed by others. A site was secured at a cost of £13,000. Further donations towards the building fund made the total subscriptions £11,331— as will be seen by list of contributors contained in a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald enclosed herewith. The i toaid of management accepted tenders for the erection of the building, the cost of which, with furniture, will be about £20,000. At the suggestion of the Hon. J. Frazer, M.L.C., the largest contributor to the building, Mrs. Margaret Hampson was invited to lay the foundation at the conclusion of a series of highly successful evangelistic 'services inthecity.' ? The trowel presented to, and used by, Mrs. Hampson was of pure silver, gilt, the gilding being engraved and showing in furnished silver the lines of tracery in relief against the dead- gold ground, The handle was of ivory, carved so as to leave a raised work of leaves and flowers. The whole was enclosed in a morocco leather case, lined with violet-coloured silk, and the blade of the trowel bore the following inscription Jesus only.' 'Presented Mrs. Margaret Hampson on the occasion of her laying the foundation-stone of the building for the Young. Men's : Christian Astociation of New South Wales, Sydney, 27th October, 1883.' This very beautiful piece of the gold and silver smiths' work was from the establishment of Messrs. Hardy Brothers, Hunter-street. The Hon. John Frazer, M.L.C., presented to Mrs. Hampson the trowel and mallet with which to lay the foundation-stone, in doing so he said : 1 have the honour to be deputed to present you with the trowel and mallet to be used by you in laying the foundation-stone of the building of the Young Men's Christian Association of thiscity, upon thesiteon which we are now assembled, and should you be permitted to again visit these shores, I earnestlylhope that uponjthe stone which you will lay will have been erected a noble structure to the glory of God, and that it will prove a great blessing in many ways to the young men ot New South Wales. Mrs. Hami'SON, having left the platform and taken up a. position before the foundation-stone, said that in her own dear country — England — she had always held back from laying the foundation-stone of any building because it had involved what she did not think she could successfully . accomplish, and that was the making of a speech, and her friends at home had always refuaed to read the speech for her; also it seemed to be somewhat of a masculine duty, and to be associated with the 'blue stocking.' 'But in Sydney they had power to make her do What they chose, and she felt when Bhe thought of the efforts of the noble man who had laid down upon that stone 60 bounteous an. offering to God that she could not refuse this wish. The Young Men's Christian Association had special claims on them, because it brought young Christian hearts together. Many of the elder men present remembered the time, when such ^association and them wondrous happiness, anf they would know the value of such an association as this to the young men around that day, and would help to give to them the blessing which had been denied their fathers in this young country. They must remember that this was rather late in the-day for her to praise the Young Men's Christian Associations. She came from a city in old England where there was such anassocition long established, and she could inform them that such associations were the glory of England and America, and she believed would be the glory of these colonies too, because they liid hold of the youths of these , countries and saved them from the vortex that met them at | every point. It was a grand thing that men should meet together for the elevation !of each other's minds, and that they might be Baved from deterioration by- contact with evil communications that must corrupt good | manners. ' When strangers ''Same here there ought to :be : such an association as this to teach them what such an *1 edifice as the one proposed to be erected could do, and what i an amount of work could go forth from it.' They were the ; parent colony here, and they had thousands', of young men j coming to the^e. shores ; and what would Christians else where think if there was no hand to take hold of them if they did not send to every ship, as wasdone in England, and - say to the stranger, ?' C»me with us and we will do you good;, we have a room wherein you may rest, and we nave elevating books which you may Tead. We will prevent your wasting the little money your friends _have toiled for j ior, that you might set up for yourself in the colony.' These were words which she felt should be addressed to every stranger, nay, to every young man, in the colony. She would never forget the time her Son left. her to travel 16,000 miles to New Zealand. ' It seemed to .her that she would rather have seen him in his coffin than that he chould go where much temptation might dwell.- _ Fortu nately she had two great joys in the matter, one being that her darling was a Christian, and the other that he was going to a land in which there was a Young Men's -Christian Association. He bore with him his credentials as a member of the Liverpool Association, and sh$ knew he would be received as a friend and a brother, just as if he had lived in Auckland for 20 years, and in fact his first letter to her stated that but for parting with her he felt that he was at home. Here they were going to erect such a building as there was not in the whole of the colonies, and here she prayed that they- would not only build it, but endow it, so that their young men might not want th^t which was necessary to carry on the work it struck them they ought to do. That time was past when the Churches turned a cold shojulder to such associations as these. They knew better now. . kThey . knew that the associations were not enemies but friends of the Churches, ana that they held out a hand of assistance and worked shoulder to shoulder with them in the good work of salva tion- Especially on this ground did she feei joy in plead ing the cause of the noble' institution they were about to rear. This institution would lie the legitimate centra ot evangelic work. It embraced all the Churches, and here the ministers could gather together to send for evangelists ; for if God assisted those in America and England; why : ehculd they wait (here - until lie dropped ah evangelist at 'tbc'ir door ? Ybey .should hstyo funds that the_y might send for evangelists, and bring iheui into tha Centres of their cities, (that they might d^the works which only Christians could do by their .meeting together. And now she wanted them to give as God had given them. Some of the men present had fallen into temptation, because there was no association to save them, and they knew what it was to sin. Let them give largely that day that others might be raved. Some of them when they came here had not two shillings to rub against each other ; but now they were wealthy men, and Providence had blessed them. Let'these then give a frank offering to God for the blessing he had extended to .them when he had smiled upon them. As they had opportunity— call it opportunity— let them give, and God would honour what they gave,- would put it in his treasury — as she was the witness — would give them com \- pound interest for it. They would be laying up stores in the world beyond, and when they went thither their reward should be, ' Well done, thou good and iaithfol servant.' She ventured to say that, if all their offerings which were to accompany the widow's mite, bore any just proportion to their wealth to that borne by her contribution to her wealth there would be so more trouble about the orection of the building or tho endowment of it. By the erection of that building they would show that the Christians of Sydiney could 6tand out boldly to the front, and iu the teeth of me a and devils proclaim to the universe that Christian men and Christian women and associations of Christians united were the grand lever which God was using just now to lift humanity out of the wreck, the ruin, and the terrible curse that sin had brought ; and while Christians held the cross, th° gSorious insignia of the world's redemption, in their heart they would raise humanity, and God would be glorified and thousands of men and women would be blessed. She was glad to learn that since she accepted the invitation to lay the stone . a sum of £678 15s. had been received to ba placed as offerings upon the Btone. (Applause.) Another hymn having been sung, the stone — which was ornamented with ivy and laurel — was lowered to a spot alongside of that which it was to occupy permanently. Mrs. Hampson then descended the steps and the vessel containing various documents having been deposited in the cavity ih the stone, prayer was offered. The stone was then transferred to the place prepared for it, and Mrs. Hampson then, in the name of the Father and of the Son and ot the Holy Ghost, declared the stone to be well and truly laid. A collection haying been taken of contributions towards the cost of the building, amounting to £439 (making the total amount collected in connection with the laying of the stone £1117), cheers were given for the Queen, for Mrs. Hampson, and for the Young Men's Christian Association. The proceedings were concluded by the singing of the Doxology. 