BEO KEN AT LAST.' CHAPTER LVII. ONCE MORE IN*ENGLAND. ( Continued. J After such a declaration, to have pressea the further stay of the speaker would'have been unkind. Ho was permitted to take his .leave* alhbut Miss Lacy accompanying him to the lodge. When they .returned, she disappeared from the drawing room, and was seen no more till the following day. ■ < ; ' Immediately after the arrival of the Aga riiejnnon in England she had been paid off, and lier commander, released from the round of daily occupation and duty in which he vainly sought oblivion of the .past. All hope of beholding Ris eon again had vanished. , • Although brought face to face, as it were, with the error of his life, and cruShediby its supposed consequences, the> heart of Captain Brandreth had not softened towards his un happy wife. He still clung to th?it delusion with the tenacity of one who dares not admit the possibility of havingbcen deceived even * to hitnself. i ; : ' It was a sad blow to Mrs. D • lton and her daughter when the letter arrived with intel ligence of our hero's death; the noble hearted woman mourned for him as for a son, while Isabel—but we cannot describe her tears, the regrets, the unconscious feel ings that mingled with them. Isabel was now sixteen. , I . . Mademoiselle Marelli, who, to the great annoyance of her former pupil, still remained iri ithe family, affected a proper degree {of sorrow on the occasion; but, despite her tact, .it was easy to perceive., that her grief was.merely conventional.She was a strict observer of the' outward proprieties of liie, which, . imposedupon' . Mrs. '' Dalton, wljo, ' although- she1 cbuld ;tiot- love, felt, hersfelf bound to respecthen' ' • | •Previous^ 'to th'e return of. the captain, Mrs, Dalton and her motlier "cartefully re moved every'littld®^^meifnprial, that\ might re-' mind him of hisibs,s!}',!jthe8.e ISabeixonveyjed to her own' chamben,f7f^6t:!i!ev.en. .mademoi selle'suspected the tears'she: shed over theb. Shortly after the retm-n-of Gaptain Brarjd reth to his home? a certairi; chaivge became apparent iri*-'the. p,ftgoverness. Itwas not joy—.t&at..would;'have;been [an outrage^ upon the - feelings^ bf'i those wjhb mourned—-or even'^checrfulneps; but was noticeable chiefly ill' thev^absbWce of those, sudden fits r,ofabstractipn^ from which: she formerly ^suffered. ' | A close1 observer would'have decided that, some painful or oppressive feeling had been .!jre^g)5gd^^idlvilKkt,;i(b^|Kd^hlSa'/recovered' its i6rmer:*^^i<StyJVV)^VL,v.'.»u('i\".;:. ' When the sorrow Btricken, repentant father related to his sister the manner in .which her , nephew had perished; hertears flowed fast and freely. t.-s. | ' Poor boy!' she murmured, - VPoor boy! so noble, young; and brave !' > • i 'Do not tell Isabel,''said her brother, gloomily,; '[She will hate me.'' j ' No,: no\;j-'pity yo'u,':George—pity you.' ' I tell you she will hate me,' repeated jthe captain, pitterly. ' She'is- changed to jme already. She tried to look'kindly and speak kindly on my return ;.',but...I perceived the effort it;; costn her.,. Shei, shuddered at !my embrace as from the,-kiss, of Cain. He only destroyed his-brother,' he added, with a burst of passionate, remorse ; ' I—yet more ; „jccuel.^and» .unnatural—sacrificed .n?y„^onJ Have'.you not' heard of' oracles and tokens sent,'in the olden time to ..warn men against ' ill deeds? But they must have been afable; i ior:heaven, ;in r pity,:would «have. senfcsdme' sign »to prevent a;father1 murdering his o'nly ' childr' : -I ' Murder!' repeated Mrs.' Daltori; faintly; J 'The world.will noti call it so,' exclaimed • theicaptaitiy wildly;'it has softer words— accident!—unfortunate occurrence!— com obinationf oft.circuinManceKl^yitJi ^vhich1 to give the lie jtq.the simple truth. But I know tbat-1- murdered'film; and he knew it. His , last ^yord?,. as .he sprang into the se^a, wa!rn ! ingime/that henceforth I wasa childish man, ring in my ears;; I hear them in my -sleep at night; the winds brought them to mej on the deck of my own vessel as I paced the night-iwatch through. My officers and crew must have heard them, for I could see they shrank from hie. Would you believe it,'j Ke, continued, lowering his voice to a whisper)' ' that more than once, oh my voyage home, I saw his pale face rise through thefoaming spray; his blue eyes glare upon me; andlyefc I kept my reason ?' I , ' George,' sobbed his sister; ''you terrify me I "This- is madness—delusiorf: Oliver i would:have smiled forgiveness on'his father. 'If heaven permitted the dead to visit this ead \yorld, it would not be to mock us.. You' •must shake off. these sadf impressions—re : turn once more to the active life of your pro fession.' J Never !\ interrupted: heri' brother firmlyV ('.The man who cannot command .himself is unfit to command ■ others. Would ' you jbe lieve it—I sentenced poor; old Jack; who 'sailed with me since T was a , middy, who saived: my life, to the lash 1—the lashl'i he ■repeated, with a shudder. • : | y.-j' Travel, then/ suggested his sister, j cannot fly from myself,' was the gloomy answer. . ..' :• ^ V. j Spmetinies.the.unhappy maij,would appear composed and- dwell upon the death of :our herp with a calmness common observers would .have mistaken for apathy. | Alarmed at the increasing despondency of -'her; ^rather, Mrs. Dalton: exerted all.thejin-; ' fluence .shc. possessed, and at last drew fijoiri to-seek relief from his sad thoughts in foreign travel. J 0SailBrs}'>like ghosts, are said to be fond of long bpeif" V familiar frith'.' At. iiny'. ,-ratej; it 'proved the 1 case with Jack Shears. There were eertaini liSunts in the neighbourhood of Wappiiig1 • and Rotherhithe which he preferred to the, , ho^HUible H^pdeof John Comptori, although kthei butler nllowed-him. to smoke in his own;] room, arid he had the society of Peter Marl and Philippo./-. - ' ;. ! T Vio.., fact,,.\vas,, p> peclay, and tar did not' exactly,'l'here "was a feeling—only a ., slight one—of jealousy between them. Each considered himself as exclusively entitled to •<< -v^ait'upon our hero ; Jack, because he knew . ' Him'first:and had sailed under his father; Peter, from past servicc.and, affection. The day after Oliver's return i from Rich mond the old sailor rushed'into the; room where Oliver was writing in a state1 of great excitement, I ; r. • I have seen Tom, j'our honour-!', heex claimod. 'The Aggy's.paid off,, and 'the Skipper returned to London.' • • ■: 'In England!' 'True as the Nore Light. Them rascally pirates took our riggin' aboard, and told the captain as we wor both drowned and buried. Love my eyes, you should have seen Tom's figgur'-head when he first clapt eyes upon trie; he changed like a dolphin—looked as if he had been on the doctor's list six months, and kept on three quarter grog.' ' My poor father believes that we are dead,' said our hero ; ' the retribution must have been fearful. Come with me.' 'Where?' asked Jack doubtfully. ' To seek him,' replied the generous youth j ' not for an instant can I leave him with such an impression upon his mind. I tremble for his reason. You need not fear him now.' '•Pear him !' repeated the seaman; ' love my eyes! 1 never wor afeard on him, I knowed his heart wor right; it was only the' upper ri^giri'thait wpr queer at times;' *" The old , man '.touched his' h'ead signi ficantly. • 'Besides.'- he>added/ ? he could not flog me now." He has struck his flag.' ! - • ' ' Hadt Oliver Brandreth given himself time fp reflect, the probabilities are he would 'have pursued a more ,prudent course.His impetuous feelings^ got' the ' better' of his judgment,, and, without calculating the effect his sudden; appearance might produce upon his father, his aunt, and Isabel, he-quitted the house, accompanied' by Jack Shears, and directed his steps'towards, the villa in the Regent's Park. , It was the. day preceding the one on which the " captain was to leave home upon' his travels." r " 1 L The desolate'man was'walking in the grounds with his neice and sister, discoursing on the past with that regret which derives double bitterness from being hopeless.1 ' I have yielded to your wish,' life observed,; ' against myjudgment. We cannoit fly from the, heart's- malady—it, accompanies.us like our shadow.' . j Hope better,' said .Mrs. Dalton ; ' there) is a balm in1 time and: change.' : • | Her brother smiled bitterly. „ A t faint ,_shnek fi;om sIsabel, who. had lingered to weep over a rose tree Oliver and liprselfhad, planted .when children, attracted the. attention of her uncle. The apparition thai met - his gaze might have startled stronger, nerves, than CaptainjBrandreth's~ the son -he, had mourned as^dead, and the faithful seaman he had driven*to desperation ,by hjs,mad passion","stood; on- thq ,walk pale, ancf agitated before him.' ' WilLyou believe me now ?' he exclaimed, frantically.' There;,there I ' I told you how they haunted mo.';vHow my brain swims— reason'/is-crushed' by the terrible reality. "My/boy, my murdered boy — pardonU pardon 1' ; ■ i-. , V j " ' Father,''said, Oliver,, 'from the waves' in which,I madly plunged heayen'lia's restored nie-fo: you.*' Spoak'.not oififorgiveness ; the parent can have, no forgiveness t'o ask his cfy'ild., I return to,yoa'with love unbroken. Wilhyou reje'ct that'lov.e.?'._ •/ ! ''Living I' faltered his parent/. ' Can this be real ? To my heart, Oliver—the heart, that pined for your affection, even when it misjudg'ed'you njost-^to the heart that beats as it would break , from this tortured breast) to meet you.'- .' I ' Ounhero sprang1 to the arms that opened to'receive' him, arid was folded to the heart of the repentant parent. ' i It was a picture of. no ordinary interest to behold father.,and son- thus • locked , in the embrace of affection and reconciliation ; Isabel clinging, half fainting, to her scarcely less;agitated mother; ' whilst'.Jack .(Shears, unabl e-to,contain his joy,.threw; up.his cap, indulged 'in a 'succession , of gyrations a dancing dervish 'might' :have envied,,, and finally gave Vent, to liis feelings in a-hearty English cheer. v. v..-• . ' ' - /To bo continued.J ■ •-* , 