THE MERCURY. , MONDAY SfOItlflNO, SEPT. 3, 1883. t--<«. ABOUT fifty years ago a story for tho young, entitled^ "Eyes and no Eyes," was very popular. It was an account of tho difforenco between what a boy,who obsorved, who had eyes and oars for the sights and sounds of Nature, saw, and tho blank which tho country presontod to a boy who did not'observe, and who WBB 'doBtituto of tho perceptivo faculty. Tho story has gone out of fashion, and is not now put in the hands of tho young, whethor because they oVsorvo better than thoy used to do, or havo lost all percep- tion of tho value of observation, we do not know, but tbcro is, clearly, a Btrong tendency in thoao days to t ach tho young that it is not thoir business to obsorvo for themselves, but tho duty of tho Stuto to obsorvo for thom. In politics the difforenco botrçoon oyeB and no eyes is tho chief causo of all tho trouble that occurs, and nil tho blunders that oro mado. Tho Bupromo faculty is common sonso-tho power of seeing things as thoy nro. When HAMLET'S mother could not seo tho ghost of hor husband, and positivoly declared " yet all that is I seo," «ho was but sotting her dulled faculliiB against tho oxa'ted powers of perception of- her son. ..Tho most difficult of nil acquirements is tbat of learning to seo what is to bo seen. Just as there aro many persons who think that they think, who do not think at all, so those who seo least are generally thoso who beliovo that they BOO most, and aro always tho most dogmatic as to what they do seo. . Tho di florence botweon tho greatest painter and-the sign dauber is not.raoro marked-'than between tho ordinary mau and tho true statesman, for one can discern how certain appearances aro produced and reproduce them, while the other is barely able, to discover the appearances, and ia not in tho least able to say how they are caused,' bocauBo ho lacks tho true porcoptivo faculty. Jf wo apply this to tho t ordinary courso of public affairs, wo shall discover that a very great many of, we might say almost all, the blunders, anomalies, tho strange mistakes, and curious jumblos that wo remark in legislation, and especially in fiscal legislations are duo to the absenco of tho faculty of seeing accurately what is to bo soon. For hundreds of years the doc- trino of the balanco-of-trado was tho guide of all'tho legislators of tho world. Hero and there a thinkor in his closet, like ADAH BMITII who sat .and surveyed the world from his, doubted whether tho chief aim of fiscal legislation should bo to keep gold in' a country, but until tho beginning of tho present century, when "The Wealth of Nations" just began to bo understood, there was not a doubt as to the whola duty of the statesman and tho legislator. Tho diffi- culty was to make mon soo things as they aro. It was required to discover tho law within the law. The problem was out of a number of facts, .many of which ap- peared to be conclusive,' to find out the leading fact, the,principlo which underlay thom all, and which was always the same, always Constant, always active, always the final power, though appearances were e\er changing and changeful. This work has been accomplished, not without con- siderable trouble nnd much writing, by the political economists, who aro undoubtedly right hero, however much >they may bo astray when they 'seek to make their science include things which are outsideits scopo. Tot it is a simple fact that vory fo w persons reallyundorstandwhathas boen so conclusively demonstrated, just as there is not one in a thousand who 'could mathe- matically demonstrate truths which'aro kctid upon every day in the ordinary business of life. What is worse, is tho fact that4 many mon who pride themselves on being practical aroidaily acting on con-' elusions which'are the very reverso of practical, for no other roason ' than that thoy aro misled by what appear to them to bo the evident facts, whereas tho real facts, the abiding facts, lie very much deeperjhan thoy aro able, for want of a guiding clue, to penetrate ' ' 1 j Let ua tako a very simple matter, ono with which wo recently had to deal, about which there aro singular mistakes in so many places, and which has causod prac- tical business mon to blunder ^110 end of times. It' ia a simple truth to say that thoso who have tho benefit of public works ought to pay for them, as a general principio. About' tho broad statement thoro will bo no disputo what- ever. It commends itsolf aliko to tho statesman concorncd with the interests of a nation, the members of a Marino Board anxious to prosorvo the character of a port, and the municipal councillor or alderman who wants to know who is to bear the expense of public works. As Captain CUTTLE says, " the bearings of this observation lays in the application on it." Tho problem is, to discover who gats tho benefit. In Victoria at tho present timo the Harbour Trust-a body which democrats of a peculiar class, with their very poouliar .views, have regarded as in- stituted to help " tho foreigner " to bring cheap goods to the Colony-is engaged in deepening tho River Yarra at an enor- mous cost. It is giving facilities for ships of all sorts, nations, and sizes to come to the very wharves of tho City of Melbourne, and by means of dredges, dynamite, docks and other works, is pro- viding for tho cosy approach to tho city which shall not cost a tithe of tho ex- pense incurred in former days. The total expenditure in 1881 was over £93,000, and is likely to be increased year by year for some years. Tho means of paying for tho works are mainly derived from whar- fage rates, which lately have amounted to over £80,000 a year. At firBt sight, and still in the belief of many parsons, all these grand improvements appear to be made at the expenso of the importer, who is popularly termed " the foreigner," If BO, we must conclude that he is' a very simple and confiding sort of person, who roams about the world, now helping to improve tho Melbourne barbour, now the Sydney, anon that of South Australia, or widening tho sphoro of benevolent action, cheerfully giung his substance to develop tho rescources of the port of Now Oalo jdonia, or some other belonging'to a power which may shut him out as far as possible from a market by the imposition of import duties, which ' almost prohibit tho use of ' tho 'commodities that ho doBires to soil. ' " 'j ( _ I We como back to the question of " oyoB and no eyes," of tho faculty of seeing things as they' are.' We ask, then, ia it probable that the shippers to Melbourno pay £80,000 odd a year, ' merely to im- prove tho port ? Is it likely that merchants send their goods over tho world and keep paying light and port dues without charging them to thoso to whom thoy carry their goods i The wildest dream of philanthropy would scarcely sup- pose thom to bo guilty of any such weak- ness as this, and we may safely con- clude that the , persons who pay, in tho end, aro thoso who actually consumo tho goods that aro imported. There can bo no othor explanation of what takes place. A merchant requires a certain intorost on tho capital which ho invoats, and will not carry on permanently an v particular branch of trado unless ho is able to get,it, so that what ho pays in wharfago rates, harbour duefl, etc., ho charges to his customers, who ray it all in tho end. He not only does this, but ho charges interest on tho capital which ho has to invest in tho payment of dues, rates, otc, as well as import duties, so that tho consumer not only paya what is charged, but iotcrest on tho capital in- vested to pay tho chargos, alike of tho merchant in Europa, tho wholesale denlor hore, and tho retail doalor, who must got his profit on bia total expenditure or go to ruin. Tho complication of the transaction often provents its actual character boing seen, but if any one desires to try tho experiment, let him do as was onoe done, buy a ton of coal', and learn what pro- portion of tho prico is made up of wharfago rates, light duos, interest on I interest, and what ia the charge for the < ' i i coal itself, and ho will then discover that there is muoh more to'see than appears on tho surfe oe. <. TUE report of the Administrator of Ch.arit.iblo Grants for tho year 1882, winch was laid upon thoi-tablo>-of_tho Assembly on tho 24th July, and ordered to be printed, though a very terso docu- ment, v ill repay ' a careful study. In1 every community there aro a number of pcisons who have to bo provided for by tho Stato, foi no method baa yot been found by which posorty can be warded off, or the habit of thrift bo given to those who aro by nature thriftless. Under all systems wo find tho same sad figures como out year after year. Protectionist America and Protcc tioiiist France liavo the same talo to toll as | Fice trado England, and thcro is, as far as wo can judge at present, no con- nection between the economical syBtcm adopted ' and the tendoncy of a cortnin percentage of tho population to drift into stato institutions. The Colony of Victoria, where the advocates of Protection used to gild at Great Britain because of hor pauper statistics, Ima her burden of pauperism too, and a heavy one, and year by year there aro complaints of the overcrowding of the Benevo- lent Asylums, and of tho way in which tho helpless, the idle, and the reckless, dock into the towns, where they arc sure of get- ting reliof. The percentage of poor in this Colony, wo Bee from the íeport, compaics \cry favourably with that of tho other Colonies, whether it be the Frce-trado New South Wales, or Protectionist Victoiia. In 1881 the number of persona in the charitable institutions of Victoiia was 27,472, or a daily avorago of 862*2. Besides these, a very largo number of porsons recoived out-door relief, of which there does not appear to bo any general and official return. In this Colony the daily average number of inmates of the several invalid depots during the past year was 800, or 70 less thau in 1881, and less than in any year for tho past five years. Tho total for tho past year is made up as fol- lows-.-Brickfields, 89; New Town, 577; Launceston, 140. The highest average in theso institutions was in 1877, when it was 897, and it ia satisfactory to seo that siuco thon thcro has been a considerable diminu- tion of tho numbers. Tho total amount voted for the year 1882 was £7,890 4s , of which only £6,802 10s. 4d. ha\o been ro quirod, leaving a balance of £1,087 13B. 8d. Tho sums disbursed monthly for tho relief of outdoor paupers in Launceston and tho various municipal and police districts amount in the aggregate to £3,387 15B. 8d., or £154 14s. Id. less than in tho previous year. The causes of distress appear in most caaes to have been unavoidable, such as the death of tho bread-i\ inner of a family, protracted illness, oi the desertion of wives and families by reckless and practically criminal hus- bands and fathers. ' On this latter point the remarks of Mr. O'Boylo ought to receive the earnest attention of the Legislature, though, indeed ho docs not say moro than has been said many times by officers in his position in most of the other Coloidea. The absence of reciprocal action in this respect ou the patt of the Colonies is a standing disgrace and a crying shame, and wo can only wonder at tho way in which a most obvious duty has been BO long and so persistently neglected. We may quote the words of Mr. O'Boyle as pretty fairly expressing what everybody has boen agreed upon for years, but to which there docB not Boom to ho the slightest prospect of effect being given. He says in his report :-" Wore the disregard of this class of offenders of the obligations they aie solemnly bound to fulfil more Bovcicly dealt with than is tho caso at present, and were it posaible to obtain such improved action on tho part of the several Legislatmes ns would admit of their apprehension in any of tho Colonies, and their enforced return to the placo from which thoy decamped, a great good would bo effected, and wifo deserters, instead of taking themselves off as thoy now do, utterly indifferent to tho misery they leavo behind, would, in all pro- bability, bo constrained to show more consi- deration for their families, and pause ero they placed themselves within the reach of tho Btrong arm of tho law." TheBe bo truths ; tho matter for wonder is, that Colonial Legislatures seem so utterly incapa- ble of giving them proper effect. THE INCOMING ENGLISH MAILS.-The mails, which arrived por s.s. Southern Cross at Launceston last night, will come on by or- dinary traiu and be delivered at tho G euora 1 Post Office about 8 o'clook this evening. Wo leam from tho Post office secretary that tho uncertainty as to tho mails arriving at Laun- ceston yesterday evening prevented arrange- ments being made for a special train to bring on tho Hobart portion. ' i CABLE MESSAGES.-An arrost of dyna- miters baa been made in Glasgow, charged with complicity in the outrages perpetrated thoro in January lost. Tho death of tho Queen of Madagascar is now notified to be a {¡ositive fact, and her placo on tho throne las been filled by a nieco. Tho wool market, for some days past reported as having beon depressed, is now reviving, and prices for superior grades equal thoso obtained at tho Juno s.iles. The recent terrible ravages by cholera in Egypt aro demonstrated by tho fact that the estimate of deaths from tho disease is estimated at over 27,000. An enquiry ,aa to the sinking of tho Austral takes placo on the 24th inst. The English press still maintain an expression of opinion favouring tho Australian views of tho an- nexation question and condemning tho oppo- sition of tho English Government. A mis- hap has occurred to the mail steamer Ganges, but apparently of no serious moment. Com- plications between Italy and Morocco aro at an cud. In Austria differences of opinion lhavo ensued in Ministerial circles over the apparent inertness of tho Government to ro Sress tho anti- Magyar disturbances in roatia. Tho King of Spain having over- come the opposition of his Ministers, will visit Germiny, and will also visit PariB on 'his way thero. Dotails of tho terrible calamity in Java arc even moro appallinc than was at first feared. It is estimated .that fully 30,000 persons have perished, and the volcanic convulsions causing this dire disaster iiavo not yctcoased. , RÉDUCTION IN CARLE CHARGES,-With tho commencement of tho current month a material reduction has beon mado in the cost of transmitting cabio messages to this colony. In order togivcourreaders tho full advantage of this reduction, wohave made arrangements' for receiving daily, in addition to our mes- sages per Renter's agency, European and other cable messages similar to thoso appear- ing in the columns of leading journals in the other Australian colonies. We shall thus be cnablod to place before cur rcadors, even more fully than has hithorto bean the case, tho latest intelligence from overy point of communication. THE GpywtNsiKNT RAILWAY POLIOV.-A public meeting will bo held at Launceston this evening, to consider the railway policy of the Government. At New Norfolk a meeting will bo held to-inorrow evening for tho'same purpose. We understand that it is intended to hold a similar meeting of tho electors of Glenorchy which will bo held at Now Town on Thursday. Tho placo of meeting will bo mado known in duo time. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.-Wo received on Saturday, 1st ¡nat., tho Church Neun, Catholic Standard and Presbyterian Standard for tho current month. The latter publica- tion is extra sized, being four pages more than usual, tho additional spaco being devoted to obituary notices of the late Arch- bishop Vaughan. As a token of respect and roverence for his memory, the columnB of the Standard ave marked with the uBual emblem of mourning. iMMIonANTS' QUAKTEUH, BllICKI'IKLDS, Tho attention of contractors is called to tho alteration in tho time for pointing out works required. Such works will be pointed out at 3 p.m. this afternoon, and net at 11 a.m., as stated in tho advertisement and local appearing in our issuo of Saturday. Tho works at tho commnndaut'a (jimrton, Barracks, will bo pointed out at 11 o'clock. _ SOI-RXMU COURT.-Tho Civil Sittings of tho Supromo Court will begin to-morrow, at 10 a.m. The list of cases is the following : Agnew v. Bell and Outer», Regina v, Egan, Walker v. My'en and Another. RAILWAY PETITION,-A^ potition to tho following effect will bo presented to both Houses of Parliament during this week : "That the time has arrived when an im- mediate extension of the railway system of this Colony.is desirable, and the petitioners »beg that Parliament will take Buch stops as will give to thoso districts which arc at present remote from railway, communication the advantages of branch lines." Persons wishing to sign this petition as an aid to the progress of the colony, can do so at Mr. J. Cnthbcrt's ' Liverpool street, and every evoning botweon 7 and 10 o'clock at Walchs' corner Liverpool and Elizabeth streets, up to Thursday next, 6th inst. ¡ ANOTHEII EAUTIIQCAKK.-A correspondent writes from > Killymoon, Fingal, under date 31st August:-At 20 minutes;past nino last evoning a very sovci o shock of earthquake ivas felt here, which shook tho house I reside in to its foundations. The shock was accompanied with a loud rumbling noiso liko distant thunder. Tho vibration lasted over four seconds. HOSPITAL BOABD.-A special meeting of tho Hospital Board of Management will be held at the board-room, Macquarie - street, at 3 p.m. to-morrow, to consider the hospital plans prepared to secure the Parliamentary vote. MUNICIPAL.-A special meeting of the City Council will be held at the Municipal Council-chamber, at 4 o'clock this day, to take into consideration a bill now before Parliament, to make better provision for the protection of life and property from fire. GLENORCHY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.-The monthly meeting of this Council was held at the chambers, Glenorchy, on Saturday, 1st inst. Present-The Warden (Mr. C. J. Ball) and Councillors Massey, Murray, Pierce, and Hallam. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The abstract of "salaries for the month of August, together with several other accounts police or municipal, were passed for pay- ment. Mr. W. J. Bellette, the Council Clerk, laid before the meeting the receipts of ex- penditure of the municipality to date. The return of duty performed by the police for the past month was tabled. Councillor Bilton sent his grateful acknowledgment for the sympathy expressed in a resolution at a former meeting of the council in regard to the death of Mrs. Bilton. Some other business having relation to statistics and building was transacted in committee. APPLICATIONS for STREET LAMPS.-Mr. W. H. Whitbourn asks for information as to what rule or principle is adopted by the Lighting Committee of tho City Council in dealing with applications for sticet lamps. Ho Bays on two occasions rt number of rate- payers of Upper Argyhvstrcet havo applied for a lamp to bo placed at tho junction of that thoroujjhfaro and Yardloy-strect, a locality that ia impassable in wet weather, and also dangerous to persons walking thcro after dark, and eaoh timo their application has boon politely shelved. At tho last sit- ting of the council an application from a number of ratepayers of Patcrnostcr-row for a lamp to be placed there was received, and their "request granted.- - Tho Argylo-Btreet potitionora thua havo cause for complaint, seeing that au application having less to re- commend it than , their own'has been ac- ceded to, and theirs refused. ' ' ' i CITY POLICE CÓUKT.'-Mr. Kemp, Acting Polico 'Magistrate, 'occupied the bench at tho City .Police, i Court jOu Saturday. Daniel Rielly was fined 40s., or to he imprisoned for two months, for using obsceno' languago iu Campbell-street, on tho 31st August. Geo. Blowficld was sent to gaol for 14 days for being absent without leave from the Camilla at Hobart. /\j,ll M ,'I I ., ' \ TASMANIAN I BICYCLK CLUB.-Tho. usual foi tnightly run of tho above club was held on Saturday aftornoon, and resulted in a very pleaaant afternoon being spout. The' time was not so good aa usual, owing to a slight accident to Mr. Montgomeric's ' ma- chine. Thoieworo present G. K. Hinsby (captain) Messrs. M. Montgomerio, E. R. Pretyman, C Hamilton, W. A, Pretyman, CHodjman, W. F. Pretyman, H. 'Horne. A start waa made from the General Post Office'at 2-30p.m., and Bridgewater reached at 3 '40. ., A start was made for town at 4 o'clock, which waa reached at ö-30 p.m., the home journey being taken up with various practices. , THE A.J.C DERBY FAvouitrrif.-By our sporting columns it-will bo seen that M.ir tini-Heury, who held tho position of first favourite for the A.J.C. Dolby, waa scratched at tho post. Router omita to state tho reason of tho colt'a withdrawal, and until tins becomes known Tasmanian backers will remain in suspense. The horse is tho pro Íiorty of tho Hon. Jos, Whito, who, report las it, scratched Despot for the Metropolitan Stakes in consequence of tho bookmakers forestalling him. CnicicET ASSOCIATION.-Tho annual gcno ral meeting of tho Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association will bo held in the Town Hall on Friday evening next, tho 7th inst., at 7-30 p.m. j LAWN TENNIS.-There was an improve- ment in the number of matches competed on the asphalt court on Saturday afternoon, the number being six. The weathor was delightfully fine, and tho attendance large. Two most oxciting contests took i>lace between Messrs. Atkinson and Westwood, S. K. Chapman and J. B. Poynter. The fame stood 11 all in the latter match, Mr. i 'oynter winning tho last gamo. Mr. At- kinson made a good fight for victory with Mr. Westwood, and played remarkably well, notwithstanding his absence from practico of late. The following aro tho results :-G. S. Chapman 'gave lo to F. IC. Miller, and won 12 to Ü ; C. H. West- wood played lovel with T. Atkinson, and won 12 to 9 j L. Hobkirk gave W. J. Camp- bell 15, and lost 4 to 12; G. S. Chapman beat Harold Wright 12 to 0 ; J. B. Poyntor boat" S. K. Chapman 12 to 11 j and W. P. Little 12 to 3. TASMANIAN POULTRY SOCIETY.-We aro requested to inform prizo-takcrs at tho re- cent annual exhibition of the Poultry Society that the various prizes and trophies will bo handed to the respective winners by the Ïresident at tho committee-room, Mechanics' nstitutc, this evening, at and after S o'clock. Prizes awarded to country exhibitors will be forwarded by post as usual, and any not called for to-night can bo had on application to Mr. Chapman during tho current weok. NORTHERN ANDMIDLAND POULTRYSHOWS. -Southern fanciers who may intend com Eeting at the forthcoming expositions of tho aunccston and Campbell Town societies aro reminded that all entries must be registered beforo 9 o'clock this evening, when the lists will positively close. Attendance will be given at tho Mechanics' Institute from 8 till 9, to receive entries, and schedules of prizes and all information may be obtained from Mr. Chapman. Tho Midland Show will take placo on the 12th inst., in conjunction with the Agricultural and Pastoral Exhibi- tion, and tho Northern Show, for which there is an attractive list of trophies and prizes, will bo held on tho 19th and 20th justs., at tho saino timo as the annual horse parade. It is hoped that thero will be a good number of entries for both gatherings, as tho continued interchanges of tho several associations luvo materially added to the interest of their operations. TUE STOCK TAX.-Wo havo received several long letters on tho subject of tho stock tax, for which wo cannot find space in the present crowded state of our columns. Tho subject is likoly to bo warmly dis cuBsed before long, when we shall be happy to hear from correspondents, if ouly tiley will mako their observations as brief as possible. Miss LOUISE POMEROY. - Tho theatre goers of Hobart will this ovening bo afforded a most acceptable relief from tho suspension of histrionic movements experienced hero for a considerable time, The 1 heatro Royal has beon taken for a short season by a dramatic and comedy company, of which Miss Louiso Pomeroy is the manageress and principal performer. The niombeis'of tho company ar- rived from Launceston onSaturday night, and are fully prepared to open this evening with »good representation of Shakespeare's Twelfth Night, Miss Pomeroy appoaring-as Viola. Tho works selected from tho company's repertoire to follow Twelfth Night aro : School for Seandal, Pygmalion and Galatea, Romeo and Juliet, The Lady of Lyons, and Led Astray. Miss Pomoroy will bo supported by a Bclocted company, consisting of Messrs., Cima. Hall, Arthur Elliot, F. C! Appleton, W. Arrowsmith, J. F. Joyce, F. Gladstone, J. J. Kennedy, Harry Leaton, V. Gerald, and J. Leon, and Miss Emma liionton and Misa Lily May. Among these will be recog- nised the bearers of excellent reputations, Several of the mombers havo visited Tas- mania already, but tho loading lady makes hor first appcaraneo hore. To tliOBO who have hudthepleasuroof witnessing Miss Pomeroy'« acting, little need bo said in commendation bf her abilities, while to thoso who havo only heard of her, genuino giatification may bo promised. Wo mulei stand that a largo portion of tho »paco in tho theatre is already engaged. A PRACTICAL LECTURE.- A coi respondent sendo us tho following -Dr. G. H. G. Naylor delivered his fourth lucturo on amateur surgery at tho Instituto on Thurs- day, 30th ult. This lecture concluded tho series delivered in aid of tho banner fund of tho Futuro Help Tent, 1,0. ltcohabltcs ; and for practical uso of laymen may bo said to have boen tho best, Tho lecturer first spoke of fractures and dislocations, ox i .. } plained their causes, and illustrated, or rather exemplified, tho trcatinout by treat- ing a supposed patient beforo tho audience, thereby causing no small amount of merri mont, for when ho had splinted and band- aged hi» man up with overy known kind of bandage, for every conceivable mishap, from the crown of tho head to the solo of tho foot, the Biifferer presented such a comical appear- ance, that_tho^ Dr. himself had to give way, ñnfl-"enjoy a ""hearty" laugh. Next in order carno the different modes of stopping bleeding from different causes. These wore only explained viva, voce, as also tho_ method of examining tho oye for foreign" substances, and how to distinguish between different kinds of lits, and what was possible to bo done till medical aid arrived. . Noxt carno tlio, treatment of bums and scalds. Lastly, tho restoration of persons apparently drowned. This was exemplified by treating his most compliant patient after the four mostgcnorally recognised methods; although tho lecturer seemed to profer Dr. Silvester s, ho fully explained the othor modes adopted. Mr. R. Hackney, CR., then proposed a voto of thanksito tho doctor, on behalf of tho Teiit, vt hich MivR. A. Mathor Bocondod. Tho Chairman (Mr. T. B. Blyth), in a very neat speech, put it to tho meeting, and on it being carried by acclamation, the proceed- ings terminated. ', , , < _ « ui(,o ,U,llllu,U" I ! . DRAMATIO ILLUSTRATION.-Mr. William Archer, writing in tho Magazine of Art, thus describes tho stage scenery of to-day : -" The days aro long past when Roscius was a player in Romo and' ovory notor carno riding on bia ass. Tho Roscius of to-day rides in a special train or charters a steamer. Ho is not in himsolf au abstract and brief chronicle of the timo, but ho compresses a very microcosm in his portmanteaus. Ho carries with him oitics and temples, gardens and wildernesses, alps and oceans, the sun and moon and stars of hcavon. His marbles aro of real plaster, his green- sward of real cotton, his forests of real papier maché. Ho may ' or may -not act a play, but certainly ho will illustrate it. H he cannot hold tho mirror up to nature, ho can at least work a magic lantern with novel and ingenious slides. Shakspcare supplies the toxt for the pictures, the lecture for tho panorama. At tho other times the drama becomes Ja spocioB of 'egg danco, an adroit flitting in and out among fragilo gim cracks. Tho actor is a sort of educated bull-in-a-china-shop, not destructivo indeed, but still less at his ease, awed by tho sancity of crockery. If ho does not livo up to a tea- pot, he acts down to it. A breath, of passion in such a scene would bo as fatally out of place as a tragedy in a card castle. Lifo is presented in a glass caso lnboUed 'This side up-with caro.' Thcspis' cart has become a furniture van." ' Y.M.C.A.-At the members' meeting of the Y.M.C.A., this ovening a papor will bo read by a membor on "Phrenology,, Spiri- tuality, or Faith." . SERVICE OF SONO.-A largo congregation assembled at St. John's Church, Mao quarie-Btrcot, yesterday afternoon, when a very interesting Borvico was held in connec- tion with St. j John's Sunday school. The children, under tho very ablo leadership of' Mr. J, J. Henry, the superintendent of tho school, sanganumberof hymns withgreattas to and impresaivencss, showing that much caro had been takon in training their youthful voices. An address, suitable to the infant mind, but which,was also, evidently .appre- ciated by tho~adult3 present, founded on Isaiah x1. 3, was given by Rev. J. Scott. A collection on behalf 'of tho Sunday school funds waa taken up at tho close of the ser- vice. ¡ r , j CASUALTIES.-On Friday laat a youth named James Dunn was brought to Hobart in a cart by his father, from Surges' Bay, where ho mot'with a painful accident during ' Friday morning, while attending to a saw- mill. Tho lad came in contact with the driving-belt, and received a serious wound in tlio groin. Ho was admitted to tho hos- pital, where hois now under treatment. On Saturday last a fisherman named James Joby fell into the river outside the Fishermen's Dock, while under the influence of drink. He was rescued half-drowned, and taken to the hospital in a cart belonging to Mr. Cullen. He soon recovered from the effects of the various liquids which he had gone into, and had gone into him, and left the hospital yesterday. ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH, SORELL. - St. George's Church, which has been a conspicu- ous and venerated landmark in the township of Sorell for nearly 60 years, has been razed to the ground. When first built, St. George's was regarded as one of the finest country ecclesiastical edifices attached to the Church of England in Tasmania. Its architectural design was fully up to the times, and the building, which was of stone, with cedar furnishings, was large enough to seat 1,000 people. Of late the old familiar Episco- palian landmark has shown signs of decay ; so much so, indeed, that, for four or five years past, the Church of England services have been regularly held in the Presbyterian Church, which, at least is a pleasing sign of the Christian fraternal feeling between the members of the two churches at Sorell. The incumbent of St. George's (the Rev. C. J. Brammall) is a liberal-minded broad-Church- man, and the Rev. Alexander Doctor is an independent minister of the Scottish Church, and they vie not only with each other, but with their Roman Catholic and Congregational confreres, in doing good. It has, however, been felt that the Church of England adherents should no longer be de- pendent on the kindness of their Presby- terian brethren, and plans for a new church have been prepared. The contract of Messrs. Grubb has been accepted, the old church has been pulled down, the material will be utilised, and most likely it will be one of Bishop Sandford's first duties to lay the foundation stone of the new edifice. ' " WALK OVER THE BRIDGING."-This law has been in existence for the past three years, and, in most districts; has remained a dead letter, in connection tvLtli the Roads, Act ¡ but, after threo yeais' slumber, tho authorities at Sorell aro determined to en- force its provisions. During tho past weok a batch of summonses has beon issued against a number of residents and visitors to the last Sorell stock sale, who were unaware that it was illegal to trot over moro than a mile of bridging on the Sorell Causeway. The persons summoned feel much aggrieved be- cause, whilst tho law has been in existence for three years, no intimation of it has boon published in the newspapers of the day, or any warning given of its enforcement until by the sudden pouncing of tho police upon unsuspecting aggressors. THK LIIIKL AGAINST THE NEW ZEALAND NATIVE MINISTER.-Mr. "Bryce, the Nativo Ministor of New Zealand, has told tho House of Representatives that ho has reluctantly abandoned tho idea of criminally prosecuting Mr. Rusden for libolling~him in a " History of Now Zealand," as to do so would involve nearly a two years' visit'to'London'whilo the witnesses for both sides wero being got from New Zealand, 'and Would entail pecuniary liabilities ho could not meet. He will there- fore institute civil (proceedings in London, tlio evidence hero to bo taken by commis- sion, and. so hopes to escapo a porional visit to England, though ho will go if necessary. Mr. Bryco lias declined a proposal to plnco a sum on the estimates to meet lils expenses. j THE SYDNEY BOOKMAKERS.-The book- makers in Australia'havo plodged themsolvos at a meeting held in Sydney on tho 27th ult. not to attend to their business at tho Hawkes- bury meetings until the present tax is re- moved. Thoy also intend to hold a couplo of days' racing on the samo dates as tho Hawkesbury Autumn Mooting, and upwards of £1,000 is being subscribed towards that end. It is not at all improbable that tho absenco of bookmakers will bo looked upon by bond file sportsmen as a positive blessing. 