True Ghost Stories. The two ghost stories told (says tlie London correspondent of the Liverpool M&reury;) by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society. When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the luture defender of vivisection was study ing for the medical profession, he had a horror of the 'ghastly -details of the business, which he imagined he could never overcome. He was cured, strange to say, by a fright. Having to take some medicine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, lie had to pass through'the room in which he had taken part in dissections. Just as he entered the room with the basket of medicine uHdf>r his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and look ing up, the future biologist saw what he thought was an enormous - figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking down upon him. He turned round trembling, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white. He drop pad his basket and rau. The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and found that he had been frightened by mortuary sheets, he braced his nerves up so that lie was Boon collecting skulls. He made a fine set, but for a long time he could not get an Ethiopian skull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got permission to have his head. It 'was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head was determined upon. But habited in his long cloak, then the fashion, and provided with a - blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed away. As he left the room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind slammed I the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. Attempting to I recover himself, he lost his hold of the bag, the head fell out, rolled with iucreas | ing velocity down a flight of steps, across : a courtyard, and settled itself npon the | neck, with one eye open and the other shut, in a room where two women | shrieked. The professor rnshed wildly | after it, took no notice of the women, seized the skull, put it in the' bag again, and ran from the Castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying . woman, who called loudly for a clergy- ' man, to whom she had something to teil. | | The doctor begged her to tell him. as no : clergyman was near enough to be called \ -in time. At lengtlt^heapoke.j "Oh,.air, I had a husband, who was n negro, and, I > fear, a bad man. fie died, sir, at j Lancaster Castle; and, oh ! sir, I was ? standing one day in the rooms when my ' husband's head eame out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. And then, sir, the devil came through the duor, snatching up the head,- put it in a bate, and disappeared before I could do any thing. And I had never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor , husband's son I ?" j 