Followers. _ [THE QUEEN.] . . I AMONO the many "worries belonging to household management, one of the most troublesome is tho question of "Followers." Tho unlucky mistress early learns that it has at least as many sides as iEsop's old man found there wore ways to take his ass to market, and probably, liko him, finding that tho attempt to please overyono by following their advice only load to general complaint, she gives it up as hopeless, and follows tho light of hor own experionoo and convenience. It certainly is a vexatious difficulty. On tho ono hand you do not want to mako your maids prisoners from the moment they ontor your bonsohold ; on tho other, you do not want perpetually to have your kitchen given over to strangors, who causo unlimited giggling and con fusion amongst tho maids, and decided discomfort to yourself, whon you innooontly go downstairs to , speak to cook about to-night's supper or to-morrow's breakfast. "What is to bo done ? Some cut tho Gor I dian knot with a slash, roundly dedaring that unless " all malo acquaintance, commonly called followers, bo strictly forbidden, and tho observance of this order rigidly enforced, anything liko order cannot bo main 1 tained." This is a way out ot the difficulty certainly, but can it bo carried out ? That is tho question. The I rulo may, possibly, be rigidly enforced in largo es tablishments, at all events as far as tho sorvants' ¿all is concornod ; but in small households, however strictly promulgated, it is (far oftonor than tho mis tress perhaps thinks) more honoured in tho breach than in tho observance. Anyway, however beneficial, necessary, and practicable such a rule may bo in a large house, whoro, from tho number of servants, moro companionship indoors is possible, and tho work oan bo moro exactly and minutely subdivided, i each only doing his or hor soparato pioco ; in Bmaller households both mistross and maid aro moro mixed up in their relations with ono anothor, and disciplino cannot be maintained with tho same mechanical pre cision as in tho former case. However exactly you may, and, indeed, must try to apportion tho work of your throe or four maids, timos will occur when a strain will fall on your domestic, machine, and unless it is Bullioiontly elastio to yield, and adapt itself to tho pressure, tho wholo thing will collapse, and you will find yourself disconsolately sitting among tho ruins of what was onco a well ordered household. Now, if you cannot defino tho duties exactly and at all times, neither can you limit tho privileges invariably and unalterably, if wo ar j prepared to accept sorvants simply as parties to a contract, by which one sido binds itself to givo BO much work and timo for so much food and shelter, and pay from tho other Bide woll and good, only then do not grumble if you receive only tho exact amount of work and consideration necessary to procure the stipulated remuneration. But this is just what so many people will not do ; in fact, very few persons do tako this mechanical viow of tho question in its entirety, and heneo a great deal of tiio discontent really existing botweon servants and mistresses. To do them justice, there is far loss clashing between master and man than thoro is botwoon mistress and maid, bo (the reason what it may. If wo expect, as most of us do, faithful, ungrudging and conscientious sorvico, wo must soo that wo carry out our sharo of tho contract likowiso ungrudgingly and cmnsideratoly. If there is to bo any real comfort and homo feeling in a household, tho servants must bo something moro than machines. If a lady will fairly and honestly sot her self to study hor maids as part of tho family and to caro for them, sho will soon learn to understand thoir ways and feelings, and bo able to trust in thom, and this trust will very rarely be betrayed. On tho con trary, Bho will find, as many have found boforo, how yery far a f ow kind words, and a little honest kindly fhought, will go in winning respect and liking, and j indeed grow alu-ost ashamed of tho gratitude excited I by deeds almost unconscioiisly dono, and costing so little" trouble ; whilo sho will certainly reap a rich reward for her extra caro and troublo in long service, f ow changes, and work fairly and honestly dono. Now this v^jry question of followers is a case in point. Naturally you do not care to havo constantly about jour liouso strangors, of whom y >u know little or nothing; ai. dg inaoed, in largo towna, from tho very casual way servant girls make acquaintances, it is not always Fafo. At tho same time it is I hard on tho girls if they iuay_ not see their muh relations and friends without going ont to see them. You may not think tho lifo of an artisan's or small tradesman's wife as easy ns the life of a girl in pood service, and possibly it is not. But just as gilds in another class will give up tho comfort and luxuries of their fathers' homes to follow husbands abroad, or to tho colonies, or at homo, and aro content and happy leading a lifo that, to outsiders, seems very narrow, poor, and struggling after the old homo o' their youth, so will your maids look forward to tho time when they may probably faro less comfortably, and work harder, but will have a husband and chil. dren as a compensation for tho lack of, or restriction in, domestic comfort. So tho house mother must accept tho inevitable with tho best grace she can, and should care as heedfully, in their several decrees, for tho friendships and future of Ethel and Mary in tho drawingroora. as for those of Jane and Eliza in tho kitchen. When servants aro engagod, a great deal of troublo would bo saved if mistresses, when explaining tho re quirements and rulos of their establishments, would consider carefully and stato clearly their ideas on this quostion. À very good arrangement is to mnko thom cloarly understand that no followers, malo or female, aro allowed as a right, but that when they wish to have in any friend, they must como straight to yoursolf, and, explaining who they are, ask leavo to invite thom. The permission shonld always bo (¡riven, unless something dofinitois known against tho visitor, or that tho presence of a stranger at tho timo roquostod would bo an inconvenience or annoyance to tho rest of tho household. Howovcr seldom acted «n, tho right of refusing should bo kept strictly in tho mistress's power, and afow kindly words, at tho timo of giving permission, will do much to roliovo tho maid of tho irksomeness of having to ask loavo, and will help the mistross more easily to understand her maid's ways and surroundings. If trusted and kindly troated I maids will, with very fow exceptions, trust back, and will soon learn that, even if sometimes a constraint, tho rulo is not solely for tho employer's benefit. Thoy aro far moro likely to bo careful aa to their associates, when sooing thom involvos "asking missis," and running tho gauntlet of their follow-servants' oriti oism. After all, it is far better to have a young man in tho kitchen of an evoning occasionally (ovon if it doos entail a little moro giggling than you exactly caro for), than to havo tho constant trickery and fuss n rigidly enforced rule of "nofollowers" all but invari ably causes in households. It is botter to slacken discipline a littlo yourself, than to have it dono for you whenever your back is turned, tho culprits lulling you into a fancied security, till somonight you unox peotodly return earlier than you intended, to find your kitchen full of strangers, tho house unguarded, and tho children deported, whilst thoir attendants aro frolicking down stairs. Probably as a climax you discover, to your horror, that your demure, quiot damsels, on whose proprioty you implicity roliod, wero in tho habit of entertaining in this habit whon over you wore absent, and that, but for tho careless i noss brod of long continued impunity, you would I havo still been in the dark. This is no fanoy sketch ; almost every housekoopor can remombor an instanoo. In this oase I am thinking of, _ tho mistress prided herself on tho discipline and strict attention to rulos enforced in her establishment. With her tho annoy, ance and troublo were immensely enhanced by tho fact that tho faithless nurse (a ' ' porfeot treasure' ' by tho way) was in tho habit of drugging tho baby to in sure its sleeping, and kept tho older children quiot with horrible ghost and bogey stories, till tho poor littlo things wero in such an agony of terror (when tho whole thing was discovered) lest they should incur tho horror sho had threatened, that it was months boforo thoir norv«s roturned to a proper state. I havo but littlo doubt that all successful mistresses and respect-, able servants will bear mo out when I assort that if you treat servants frankly, and, whilo insisting on striot obedience to tho rulos you consider necessary, and the rospoot and consideration which aro your duo, you give them tho care and yonsidoration that aro quito as much owod to thom, yon will havo littlo oauso to alter or eomplain of your lino of oonduot. 