ORIGINAL. POETRY. THE DREAMER. i. The Dreamer eits in the shadow, ' While the great world.spins and spins, Bearing its burden of sorrows, And toys, and virtues, and sins. The soldier hear the trumpet, And marches forth to the fight; The mariner spreads his canvas For his good ship's ocean flight; The milkmaid trips to the meadow, With her stool and her milking-pail; And rises the hymn Labour From city, and hill, and rale. But the Dreamer sits in the shadow, To him earth's sounds but seem As the murmur of far-off music —And he weaves them into his dream. II. ' Come forth from the shadow, Dreamer, And take thy part in the strife!" Cries the soldier, pausing in battle, ' —And a bullet has found his life. ' Why rit in the shadow, Dreamer?* Is heard the mariner's mode —And his ship, that has weathered a hundred storms, Is split on a harbour rode. ' Come forth from the shadow, Dreamer," The maiden merrily sings, —And she hears a word of her faithless love That her heart to its centre stings. ' Come forth from the shadow, Dreamer, Labour was made for all!" —And with knell of doom on the labourer's head The work of his hands doth fall. But the Dreamer sits in the shadow, The voices to him but seem As tile murmur of tar-off music —And he weaves them into his dream. III. Yet ill is it with thee, Dreamer! In the Bhadow sitting secure, While the children of toil over earth and sea Must suffer, and weep, and endure. If theirs be the cup of sorrow, They have hope for the anodyne. And through this robe of the darkest doud The star of love can sbihe. Though their lives be tales of anguish, Though their ways with thorns be strewed, For a Purpose Eternal they yet are linked In die bonds of brotherhood. Then, Dreamer, come forth from the shadow, Ere thy air-built castles fade. - And thy soul is left like a lonely ghost To wall in unending shn&fc; 1* But the Dreamer rite in the shadow; To him'my words but seem As the murmur Of far-off music, —And he weaves them into his dream 1 Melbourne. E. B. LOUGHRAN. 