KIT: A MEMORY.— BY JAMES PAYN, AUTHOR OF " LOST SIR MASSINGBERD," " BY PROXY," " HIGH SPIRITS," " UNDER ONE ROOF," " A GRAPE FROM A THORN." CHAPTER LI. GHOST OR NO GHOST? ON a certain September evening Mark Medway was returning home later than his wont from one of his solitary walks. He had been visiting a favourite haunt, the ruins of Trenarvon Castle, where we first met him with his two friends; it was but a few years ago, but change has been busy with him and them. Frank Meade, indeed, save as respects his health, is little altered, nor is his present position in life different from what it might reasonably be expected to be ; he assists his father in his profession, and has a practice on his own account that is increasing; while as to his relations with Mark they would be as friendly as ever, and with a nearer bond, if Mark himself would but permit it. But Mark is another man. His clear-cut attractive face has grown thin and haggard ; his quiet scholar-like look has changed to one of suspicion and unrest; there is something in his eyes which makes Dr. Meade look grave, when Mrs. Medway is not at hand, to whom he still speaks with cheerfulness and hope. He and she alone know how Mark's father came by his end. And Kit—poor Kit, whose light laugh used to ring through yonder copse, and his smile enhance the sunshine, where are his gibes and his merriment now ? It is of Kit, we may be sure, that Mark is thinking, as he paces sentry-like beneath the deserted rampart. Here it was that he had told that curious incident of his boyhood, how in jest he had sold himself to the foul fiend, and here had reminded Frank how they two had agreed to meet together once again even though death should have divided them. The moon was rising, and silvering the waste of waters with its cold gleam, but not a ship was in sight. Mark remembered that he had been told in the town that day that a certain vessel bound for Eio, which had lain in the harbour for some days at the quay that fronted the Dovecote, was to sail with the tide that night; the tide was due, and what little wind there was was fair for the ship ; but she still delayed. Mark was watching for her with that dreamy interest which sometimes arises respecting some extraneous object, when the mind is otherwise deeply preoccupied ; or perhaps it was through some instinct of association with Kit himself, who had been wont to take delight in such occurrences. Not only had all human affairs had their attraction for him, but everything that had life and motion. And now by a malignant and unjust destiny, reflected Mark, he was shut out from them all! There are times " when our light is low," wherein " the riddle of the painful earth" grows suddenly importunate, and the spirit, like a caged bird, dashes itself in despair against the unseen but adamantine wall that surrounds us all; and such a time had come on Mark. The question, " Can such things be, and Heaven be just?" was harassing his very soul. A deep sigh —which is all that ever comes of it—at last broke from his heart, and with a gesture with both hands (that pitiful sign of vain expostulation with fate, which is made only by the mad and the miserable) he ran down through the copse and took the road towards home. In a few hundred yards his way diverged from the main road, but before he quitted it fliis happened. He beheld a figure rapidly advancing towards him on the turf by the wayside, and apparently bound for Mogadion. The form was familiar to him but its face was bowed as if in thought; as it came on witn noiseless tread, a sudden chill ran through his veins, and he suddenly cried out in an agony of distress and terror, " Kit, Kit!" The figure stopped, and looked at him intently. Though pale and thin, with hollow cheeks and hollow eyes that shone like fire, it was indeed Kit himself. " Merciful Heaven !" cried Mark, clasping his hands, " it is he!" He would have embraced him, but the other motioned him back with a quick movement of the hand. "Are you so angry with me, Kit ?" exclaimed Mark, despairingly. The other shook his head. " Have you escaped ?" ^ " Yes—from the grave," was the solemn rejoinder. Remember my promise. I have kept my word." Mark's blood was frozen with terror; yet his exceeding love to some extent conquered fear. " Is there anything—oh Kit even yet " " You can do nothing for me." " Too late, too late," moaned the unhappy Mark-. "Iam forbidden to speak of any such thing," continued the other; "take only this word of warning. Beware of Frank Meade; let him never be Maud's husband. Farewell." The speaker pointed to the horizon, and Mark's eyes mechanically following the direction indicated. When he looked again ' THE SPEAKER POINTED TO THE HORIZON, AND MARK'S EYES MECHANICALLY FOLLOWEP THE DIRECTION INDICATED."—CHAPTER LI. the figure was gone. It had disappeared in an instant. The grass on which it had stood bordered the copse, and it was just possible that it had plunged into its depths; but if so, it was with the quickness and silence of a wood snake. Nothing was to be seen save the misty road and the moonlit sea. There is one argument (among many others) which has always convinced me that every individual, of whose character I have the means of judging, is lying when he tells me that he has seen a ghost, namely, the very slight impression that the supposed spectacle has made upon him. The gulf between the living and the dead is so tremendous, and the desire, or at least the curiosity, to have it bridged is so extreme, that if that engineering feat had been ever accomplished, the spectator would never have enough to say about it; or, if unwilling or forbidden to speak, would never cease to think of it. Such an experience, even though it happened to the most thoughtles s and giddv-pated of men (who are our chief ghost-seers), would make an impression which no time could erase, and which would stand out in strong relief as compared with all their other life experiences whatsoever. It has been urged, indeed, by those who have admitted this much, that if a man should be haunted, i.e., should see a ghost pretty often, custom would make a commonplace even of that; and as a parallel instance the old belief in an eternity of physical torment has been adduced. It was found possible, they say, by persons who believed that nineteen-twentietlis of the whole world, including their own personal acquaintances, would perish in eternal fire, to get so used to the idea as to eat, sleep, and enjoy themselves in spite of it; but in such a case the word "belief" is very elastic, and at the most means a heartless credulity. The passive acceptance of a dogma, however revolting to reason and humanity, is a very different thing from the conviction born of personal experience. A glance at the Gehenna which Calvin believed himself to believe in would have turned even his stomach for ever; and he who once saw a ghost —an actual denizen of the other world—would not, like those who believe, or pretend to bel ieve, they have done so, enter it into his commonplace book among other '' remarkable events," such as snow in May, or the birth of a calf with two heads. And thus it happened in this case. Mark Medway, being firmly convinced that his friend had left the Unseen World to speak with him, did not treat the matter as a visit from a person of distinction to be boasted of to his friends, or to be related, in moments of confidence, as an interesting circumstance. He went home in a state of awe as great as ever arose from human experience, and with a tendency, while obeying the injunctions of the dead man, to keep his interview with him a solemn secret. His air and manner on reaching the Knoll, however, were so strange and distrait, and caused his mother such distress of mind, that an explanation was absolutely necessary. What he had to say only increased her agitation, though the alarm she exhibited was by no means due to the cause to which he assigned it. Ghosts had no terrors for her; but she trembled for her son's reason. She had been warned not to oppose his convictions ; but one argument, as powerful as it was simple, she did venture to advance. " But, my dear Mark, Kit is not dead." Mark shook his head. "I would," he sighed, "that I could think so." " But if he is not, my dear Mark," she persisted, " I suppose you will allow that you cannot have seen his ghost." It was really not much to ask in the way of admission, yet it aroused Mark's indignation. It seemed to him a sort of blasphemy to conceive of that mysterious presence, the recollection of which still shook his very soul, as being still in the flesh. The first thing in the morning Mrs. Medway sent for both her counsellors, and they brought the strangest news with them. Christopher Garston was really dead. The rector had received a letter that morning from the gaol chaplain announcing the prisoner's decease some days ago. " I should have written before," he said, " but Miss Garston especially requested me not to do so till after the funeral. The attendance of any of his friends would, I am sure, have distressed her exceedingly. She was, of course, the sole mourner, and, indeed, under the circumstances, I cannot myself deplore the poor fellow's death. He had been ailing for a long time, growing weaker and thinner, but the end came somewhat unexpectedly ; he died in the infirmary in the night, and almost before the doctor could be summoned. At Miss Garston's request he was laid in the churchyard at Marston, at which village she has been residing for these last three monthB. She left her lodgings immediately after the ceremony, but whither she has gone I have been unable to discover. It is possible, now that this sad page in her history is closed, that she may seek her old friends and yours. Heaven grant it may be so !" "This is indeed terrible news," gasped Mrs. Medway. Do you think that that really happened about which I wrote to you?" "That Mark saw the ghost?" exclaimed the rector. "Well, upon my word, Mrs. Medway, you are a most disappointing woman. I have always held you up as a pattern of common sense." " But how do you explain it?" "Very easily. Mark heard this news, by some means, before we did. With his mind greatly excited by it he visits an old haunt of his dead friend, and imagines he sees him. It is the simplest case of spectral illusion." "But, as I wrote to you, he tells me that the figure spoke to him—warned him against dear Frank's engagement with Ma,ud." "I had rather not say what I think about that." said the doctor, with the colour in his cheek. " On the contrary, said the rector, " I think that part of the story is as easy of explanation as the rest of it. Your son has Kit in hiB mind—not to say on the brain—and thinks he saw him; he has also Kit's objection to Frank's marriage in his mind, and he thinks he hears him." "That's it," assented the doctor cheerfully. He had already recovered from his little fit of spleen, and acknowledged to himself that the idea which had momentarily occurred to him, that Mark had invented Kit's warning against Frank to suit his own views,%as untenable. "Of course," he continued, "this affair will make matters worse for the present; your son will be even more wrapped up in his dead friend than when he was alive, but, since he is dead, this glamour cannot last for ever. I believe in Dr. Time." Scarcely any one else among Mark's friends had the same belief in that eminent practitioner. Day after day went by without weakening in the least Mark's impression of that awful interview in the Castle-road, as the highway that ran beneath the old ruin was called, and what the apparition had said to him was as Gospel in his eyes. He seemed more determined, so far as in him lay, to oppose his sister's union with Frank Meiiade than ever. The Knoll was bis mother's house, not his own, so Mark could not close its doors against him; but he showed plainly enough that the young man's visits were distasteful to him. Frank behaved with the utmost patience and gentleness; but it was out of the question that he could make himself acceptable to Mark since the way to the heart of his old friend was barred. Frank pitied him, and indeed pitied Kit, for his nature was not such a one as can pursue the dead with even righteous indignation ; but he could not but resent the effect of his jealousy and ill-will towards him on Mark. He never dwelt on Kit's errors. The tomb was his asylum, but if Kit had been alive, and a free man, he would have told him what he thought of him in terms which would have been highly actionable. As to Trenna, Frank was as desirous as Maud herself to discover the place of her concealment, and, if possible, to persuade her to return to her old friends. In addition to the natural compassion he felt for her lonely condition, it seemed to him that he owed her reparation for the wrong he had done her in thought of old. His inquiries about her were unceasing, and in the London newspapers he had inserted many dexterously-worded advertisements, the joint composition of himself and Maud, which, while appealing to no eye but Trenna's, could not have failed had she lighted on them, to attract her attention. His solicitude on Trenna's account was no secret, however, in Mogadion, and at last he got news of her. Exactly a month after the announcement of Kit's death had been received at the Knoll, Abel Deedes, who was now in service with a local banker in the neighbourhood, by whom he was highly valued, called at the Dovecote one night, and made a private and confidential statement to "Mr. Frank." He said that on that day month he had been sent on an errand which had detained him late, and that on returning home he had met, on the moonlit road, a young sailor coming towards Mogadion. The stranger, on catching sight of him, had crossed the road as if to avoid nim, but Abel's pipe had gone out, and he had 110 matches, and being, like most men of his phlegmatic temperament, an inveterate smoker, he was not going to miss this excellent chance of remedying his calamity ; for what sailor does not smoke tobacco and carry lights? He, therefore, hailed the young man, who, probably not understanding what he wanted, answered, " Good night, my man." The words were inapposite enough, but the tone in which they were uttered was so very peculiar that Abel stopped the lad. "I asked you," he said, "if you had a light about you. You answer me more like a girl than a boy. One would think," he added, referring to the season of local histrionics, " it was mumming time " " Thank Heaven, it is Abel Deedes," interrupted the other with a quick gasp of gratitude. And then, to Abel's immense amazement and alarm, he recognised in the sailor lad his young mistress of Grey House. She told him she was going to embark that night for South America, in order to evade certain importunate creditors, and that it was of the utmost importance that the disguise should be maintained, of which her unexpected meeting with him had compelled the disclosure. It was quite unnecessary to appeal to him by the remembrance of her former kindnesses to nim, to assist her in her present plight. Abel Deedes, though not of the gilded-armour-and-embroidered-banner style of chivalry, was the very soul of it, and, moreover looked upon an importunate creditor very much as a mediaeval knight might have done upon a Saracen defending his native soil. He not only willingly promised to keep silence on the adventure of the night, but insisted on turning back and seeing Trenna in safety to her destination, which was the vessel moored just opposite the doctor's house. Four weeks had been the period she had imposed upon the faithful Abel as the limit to his silence, and, as may be imagined, he had been greedily impatient for the hour when he was at liberty to tell his tale to ' Mr. Frank." The story was strange enough, albeit undoubtedly true, but what struck Frank as most noteworthy was the date of the occurrence. Abel had met Trenna on the same evening on which Mark had had his fancied interview with her brother. The (luestion which now occurred to Frank's mind was, had that interview been '' fancy ?" He had never believed in Kit's ghost, but now he began to disbelieve in his having been in a position to be a ghost at all. If he was not dead, Kit had escaped by Trenna's connivance, and what was more likely than that the brother and sister should have both come down, though separate^ in order to avoid suspicion, to a small and out-of-the-way port like Mogadion in order to leave the country ? That there was the most urgent necessity for secrecy was evident from the fact of Trenna's disguise. However desirous of avoiding recognition from her old friends, she would never have put on male attire for any such purpose. While, on the other hand, if she had wished to go abroad upon her own account, she would scarcely have selected Mogadion as the place of departure. Again, it would have been curious that she should have selected Rio, where she had no belongings nor any known attraction, for her future home ; whereas, if Kit had accompanied her, it was explicable enough, since, once in South America, the convict would be safe. How they had known of the ship's being in the harbour, how they had made arrangements for their passage, or where they had procured the necessary funds, remained, of course, and might ever remain, a matter of conjecture. But Trenna's devotion and Kit's cleverness would account for a good deal. What was the chief puzzle, however, was how the authorities at Dartmoor had been deceived, if they had been deceived, as to Kit's decease ; and this point, at all events, Frank Meade was resolved to unravel. The more he thought of the whole matter, the more he was convinced that Kit was in the land of the living, and, not being dead, it was natural that he sometimes thought of him with exceeding bitterness. On one occasion he even said to himself, in reference to that confession of Kit's under the castle rocks, He has not yet come to the end of his tether. The foul fiend was not to have him per agreement for the next year or so." He was immensely interested in the whole question for its own sake, but his main and ulterior object was of course to open Mark's eyes. If he could prove Kit to be alive, that " warning from the dead" would not only lose its efficacy, but must needs partake of the nature of an imposture, and if Mark could be convinced that Kit had deceived him, the whole fabric of his influence over him would topple to its fall. For the present, however, Frank enjoined silence upon Abel Deedes, and kept the entire matter locked up in his own heart. If once he gave expression to his suspicions they would fly far and wide, he knew, like thistle-down, and it was essential that Mark should hear nothing of them till they should take the shape of conviction. One person, indeed, Mr. Penryn, on account of his connexion with the gaol chaplain, Frank was compelled to take into his confidence, but it was necessary that his revelation, even to the rector, should be delayed a little for a certain reason. CHAPTER LII. MRS. MORTON. Among the patients that Mr. Frank Meade, F.R.C.S., had of his own chanced to be one - Mrs. Morton, whose husband had taken a house for a few weeks in the neighbourhood of Mogadion, though at the distance of some miles from it. This lady was a very pretty and interesting bride, and it was a great annoyance to Mr. Morton, who knew the neighbourhood, that the place he had fixed upon without consulting her, and as "a surprise" for their honeymoon, in the midst of so many charming walks and drives, should have been a comparative failure from her inability to enjoy them. She had sprained her ankle on the first day of her arrival, and had never left the house. The case was curious, for though she professed herself to be in some pain, and quite unable to move, there were no external symptoms of any mischief. Mr. Morton, who was much her senior, and passionately devoted to her, was greatly concerned about her; and Frank had promised him, though the patient expressed herself as strongly opposed to it, that if the matter was not set right by a certain date he would call in another opinion, and in the meantime would pay the patient a daily visit. A sprained ankle is a small thing—and Mrs. Morton's ankle was a very small thing—but there were circumstances in the case which, independent of the youth and beauty of the sufferer, and even of her confidence in his professional skill, made it a very interesting one to her medical adviser. Upon his first being called in to Mrs. Morton he was struck by a very extraordinary resemblance she bore to the little girl whose life, as lias been mentioned, he had in vain attempted to save in the London hospital, and to whom, in fact, lie had sacrificed his health. The child in question, however, being of humble rank, and very unlikely to be connected with a lady of his new patient's social position, he had endeavoured to dismiss the matter from his mind as being a mere coincidence. Nevertheless, the more he saw of Mrs. Morton the more the resemblance grew upon him, and on one occasion, when they happened to be alone together, he ventured to allude to the subject. "I once had a little patient at my hospital in London," he said, "of whom you remind me exceedingly." "What!" she cried, "is it possible that you are the Mr. Meade who attended ' little Alice ?'" (So she had been called in the ward, where she was a great favourite, and by that name mentioned in the papers, for the case had been quite a cause cilebre in the medical world.) " It was I who attended her," he answered, modestly, "though, as it turned out, poor child, to very little purpose." "But with consequences to yourself, as I understood," she put in, in a trembling voice, "of a very serious kind." " Oh ? I am getting better of all that," he answered, smiling. But she did not seem to hear him. The colour had fled from her face, and she had become extremely agitated. "Mr. Meade," she said, "that was my sister! You may well look astonished. It strikes you, no doubt, as strange that any relation of mine should have been so poor and so neglected." Here the tears came into her eyes; and it was with eager haste that the young doctor began to utter some commonplaces about a hospital being the very best place, whether for rich or poor, for a patient to receive care and attention. She waved her hand impatiently, as if to dismiss such arguments. "I was poor myself at that time," she said. "Up to the day my good husband married me I was quite a poor girl. I am not ashamed of that." She hesitated. The young doctor's face was an expressive one, though he had learnt in the practice of his profession to school it. She read in it the deduction he had drawn, and the colour flew to her cheeks. " And whatever I may have been," she added with vehemence, " I have no secrets from my husband." "Indeed, madam," said Frank earnestly, "I have never supposed it." "No; you do good to your fellow-creatures; you are not a man who presupposes evil of all womankind," she continued rapidly, "and you are a gentleman, I am sure. Though my husband knows my former humble position, and everything connected with it, I have—being a woman," here she smiled like an angel, "some foolish pride. I do not wish others to know my past." "No human being will hear one word of it through me, madam." "I do not fear it. If I did, I should still not regret having made you the confession. I owed it to you for my dear sister's sake." The young doctor made haste to dismiss the subject. There was no further allusion to it on either side, but from henceforth he took a great interest in his patient, while she, on her part, seemed to reciprocate it, since she talked to him unreservedly upon his own position and prospects, and even drew from him, with womanly touch, how matters stood with him in connexion with Maude and friends at the Knoll. This last information made her look so unaccountably grave, that, if Frank had been ever so little of a coxcomb he might have flattered himself that she was jealous of his intended. But the attachment between the young doctor and his patient, though it was very genuine, was quite Platonic. What was curious, and exhibited a power of the emotions over the muscles not generally admited, as soon as Mrs. Morton understood that Frank wanted to get away to Dartmoor (for he actually made her the depository of that dead secret), than her ankle began to grow stronger, and he found himself able to undertake the expedition at an earlier date than he had fixed for it. His first step was to reveal what Abel Deedes had told him to the rector, who at once expressed his conviction that there was something amiss .in that story of Kit's death and burial. " My opinion of Christopher Garston, as you know, Frank, was never a good one. With all his cleverness and good looks that man was morally a 'Clafhorer.'" "That sounds very bad," said Frank, who was under the disadvantage of not understanding the old Cornish tongue. "'Clafhorer' means 'leper,'" explained the rector; "that young man was a very bad lot, and I shall not be surprised at anything that comes out against him." Instead of going his usual round among his patients, Frank started the next morning with Mr. Penryn for the convict prison. " In no habitable part of Great Britain," writes one who had good reason for his statement, having himself " worked out his time" there, "is the severity of winter felt more than at Dartmoor. Rain is thought nothing of, as it mostly rains or drizzles, but the thick fogs soak through everything." Though the winter had not set in when Frank and the rector visited the place, the fogs had. They had a weird and desolate drive from the railway station over the moor, where the mist lay so thick that they came upon the picket of the civil guard, armed with rifle and bayonet, who form a cordon, round the gaol, before the gloomy pile itself loomed up before them. "What a place,' was the secret thought of both of them, " for a man of Christopher Garston's temperament to have been immured, and what desperate plan would he not have been capable of adopting to escape from it?" The gaol chaplain received them with cordiality, and showed them over the dread domain. They saw the cell in which Kit had been confined, with its narrow window of rough glass, through which but a strip of dull sky was visible; its rude liat table, its narrow shelf and dreary fittings—a melancholy cage, indeed, for such a song-bird. Then they were introduced to the infirmary, where he had occupied a double-bedded room. His companion had been a brother of one of the warders, himself employed in the prison, but admitted as a patient by favour, who had died within a day or two of Kit himself. The warder had since left the prison, and there was none to speak with much personal knowledge of Kit's last hours. The chaplain had not been called in to him, as he had died suddenly in the night, and the doctor who had attended him was a stranger, who had acted as the locum tenens of the ordinary surgeon, who had been away upon his holiday. This information all tended to confirm the visitors' suspicions, which, when they had heard all he had to say, they communicated to their host, the chaplain. That gentleman, though by no means staggered by their story—he was in the habit of receiving such amazing revelations from the members of his tainted flock that a mild surprise was the most of which his nature was now capable—thought it of sufficient importance to lay before the governor, to whom they were in consequence introduced. He listened to their narrative with great politeness, but with a somewhat amused expression of countenance. There were not many subjects open to humorous treatment at Dartmoor, but any notion that "our system" could be in fault, or that the authorities could be deceived, was always a good joke. Prisoners sometimes expired, he allowed, at Dartmoor before their sentences did, but none ever left the place alive before the proper time. Such an incident was contrary to experience, common sense, and even possibility. However, since the " system" had been impugned, it was necessary to establish his infallibility. His position invested him with special powers; he could have a convict's body exhumed without application to the Home Secretary. If the remains of 18,422 (the number which sufficed poor Kit for name while an inmate of the prison) should be found where they were supposed to be, and identified, he concluded that Mr. Penryn and his young friend would acknowledge their suspicions to be unfounded; but to that end they must accept his hospitality for the night. To this, of course, they consented; and the next morning, accompanied by certain officials, all repaired to the little churchyard. A small headstone, ordered by Trenna, was being prepared by the village stonemason for her brother's grave, but at present it lay bare and naked enough, without eve n the turf upon it. It was but the work of a few minutes to dig down through the soft earth to the deal coffin, to open which as little time sufficed. Its contents, instead of "the house not built with hands" which ought to have been there, were the materials for an actual dwelling house—bricks and plaster. The general amazement was pretty considerable, but that of the governor bordered on the sublime. " "Why, goodness gracious!" he exclaimed. " Our whole system has broken down!" And so it had. On a searching inquiry, the facts of Kit's •escape, which it is fair (to the system) to add had been greatly aided by circumstances—were as follows :—The warder of the infirmary had been bribed. When his brother died he had called in the locum tenens of the prison surgeon, who knew none of its inmates, and given the name of the deceased as that of Christopher Garston, in whose name the certificate of death was duly made out. For the interment a coffin and the brickbats were at once provided, but the body was retained to play another part. The regular prison surgeon, who was to return next day to his duties, of course made no difficulty in giving a certificate of death in the name of the warder's brother; while No. 18,422 was already struck off the prison roll. Though not easy, it therefore became not impossible to smuggle him out of the gaol; and, without doubt, this had been effected. Where the money had come from to accomplish all these objects no one knew ; but that money had done it, aided by assistance from without, was certain. It is possible that the Cook's Creek mine, though it did not turn out satisfactorily to the shareholders, had been worked to a profit by its enterprising originator; or perhaps some dealer in the precious metals, less fortunate than Mr. Flesker (who did get back his diamond), had contributed to Kit's private stores. The Rio ship had been an ordinary trader, the captain of which had been induced by certain golden arguments to take two brothers as passengers in lieu of part of his freight. All this was in time made as clear as daylight to every one but the person whom it was most important to convince. The belief of a lifetime was not to be shaken by a fact or two, adduced, also, by persons who had a personal interest in their acceptance. Does a mother believe in her darling's guilt because the world does so, or a miserable minority of it—say twelve—have happened to convict him? And Mark's love for Kit, if not equal to that of a mother for her offspring, surpassed that of brother for brother. The sense, too, of loving service done, always strong in grateful hearts, no doubt helped to close his ears against the voice of reason. Lastly, he clung to the belief that Kit's affection for him had, in truth, survived death itself; and that, no matter what story might be devised to take from him that comfort, he had, indeed, beheld his old friend in the spirit, and listened to his voice from beyond the grave. Mr. Penryn, indeed, took another view of the position. If, he said, we find so many persons who pretend to believe that they have seen a ghost, still sticking to their story, in the teeth both of arguments and ridicule, how much more was it to be expected that a man who really believed he had seen one should refuse to be convinced to the contrary? But the rector had no matrimonial intentions to which Mark's scepticism presented the only obstacle, and could therefore afford to be philosophic ; while Mr. Frank Meade could not. That his marriage would take place, notwithstanding Mark's continued opposition, was probable enough; but, in that case, it would be ;a very different affair from what both Maud and himself had pictured. As matters stood, its accomplishment bade fair to break up the little household at the Knoll altogether. The circumstances, so every way painful and peculiar, were, of course, kept to themselves as much as possible; but Mrs. Morton was one of the few persons to whom Frank unreservedly confided them. It is difficult for a man to decline the proffered sympathy of a pretty and interesting young woman in any case, but the tie of her dead sister bound her and Frank together far closer than any new-made friendship could have done. Moreover, the period of Mrs. Morton's sojourn in the neighbourhood of Mogadion was coming to an end, and the sense of parting, perhaps, drew her nearer to him. She was no longer his patient, though strange to say, the recovery of her health did not result in those walks abroad to which her husband looked forward; but on the day before her departure he came to pay her a farewell visit. This proved to be the occasion of a very strange communication, and also of a revolution of a surprising nature in his own affairs. 'Mr. Meade," she said, "if this were not the last time we were to meet—in all probability for ever—perhaps I should hesitate to do what I am about to do, even for your sake. It will cost me something, but it will cost me less than if you knew what it cost me. Therefore, I must beg of you—no matter what surprise you may feel at what I have to say to you—that you will ask me no questions." Frank's surprise was certainly very considerable, but he bowed respectful acquiescence. ' Here is a letter, she went on, "which, without saying one more word than is necessary to account for your possession of it, I authorise you to give to the person to whom it is addressed." He took the letter, which, to his amazement, he saw was addressed to Mark Medway. "But, my dear madam," he remonstrated, "if this, as I venture to conclude, has any reference to myself or my own affairs, I must needs say that in Mark's present state of mind—" She put up her hand to stop him. " You are about to say, no doubt, that my interposition on the part of a stranger on your behalf cannot possibly affect Mr. Medway except for ill. You are mistaken there; it will affect him and your own interests very much, and for good. It may be necessary, perhaps, to state," here her voice faltered, and the tears came suddenly into her eyes, "that I am not altogether a stranger to your friend. To ask more of me in the way of explanation would be a breach of the promise you have tacitly given me." "Then I will say no more, madam, but will gratefully do your bidding," said Frank, gently. " Even if nothing should come of it, I shall never forget your generous intention." "And while the memory of my little sister abides with me, Mr. Meade, I shall never forget you and what you did for her. It is curious," she added, with a faint smile, " but though you will reap the benefit of it, you will never know what I have done for you." In a few minutes afterwards Frank had taken his leave and turned his horse's head (well did that steed know his road by this time) to the Knoll. Upon the way, as it happened, he met Mark, taking one of his solitary walks. He would, perhaps, have passed the other without speaking to him—so far had the gulf widened between them—had not Frank stopped him to give him Mrs. Morton's letter. Mark looked at the superscription, started, turned very red, and then asked shortly, "Who gave you this?" "The writer," answered Frank, quietly. Instinct, or perhaps mere curiosity, prompted him to check his horse, and remain where he was. It was possible, moreover, that some answer might be entrusted to him. Mark became at once too intensely absorbed in thg contents of the letter to know whether the other had gone on or still stood there. " Dear Mr. Medway," it ran, " I little thought that I should ever give you the pain of once more receiving any communication from my hand. It is not for my own sake that I address you, but for yours; to save you from the persistence in a great wrong to one of the best and worthiest of men, and to open your eyes, since no one else can do it, as regards — " (here there was an erasure ; was it possible she had written "the worst," and that some tender remembrance of the past had caused her to blot it out?)—"as regards another man. In your last letter to me, full of unmerited gentleness and forbearance towards myself, you expressed yourself with the utmost bitterness and indignation against a certain person, but for whom, as you imagined, I might have been worthy of your love. Against that person (think of what it costs me to write all this, and then judge whetner aught of it can be less than truth itself?), against that person I may have wrongs to urge, but not the wrong you imputed to him. Instead of his name put that of Christopher Garston, and the indignation you have expressed will be just. My lot is a happy one, blessed beyond all hope or merit, as the bearer of this note will tell you ; but it is no thanks to Christopher Garston, by whom my young life was cankered in the bud, that I am not a sinner and a castaway. If I ever read your heart aright I am sure of these two things—first, that after reading this, written, as it seems to me, with my life's blood, you will destroy it; secondly, that you will take to your heart the man who gives it to you, and keep him there to fill the place from which these words of mine will have cast out an unworthy tenant. I am giving you terrible pain, I know, for I can feel for you. There was a time. Heaven knows, when Christopher Garston was all in all to me.'" There was nothing more—not even a. signature. Mark looked up with a sigh that seemed to come from his very soul, and saw Frank standing near, his bridle under his arm, and his horse cropping the grass. "Who is she?" The words were simple enough, but the tone in which they were uttered conveyed another meaning. Frank understood at once that what the other meant was, " Who is she now ?' When he had to Id him all he knew of her, Mark asked, with the red in his cheek, whether she had been long in her present place of residence ? " Three months. She has had a sprained ankle, which confined her to the house," he answered, replying to the others' thought, " Why have I not seen her?" The explanation of poor Mrs. Morton's complaint was now plain enough. She had had her reasons for keeping within doors. "She leaves this neighbourhood to- morrow," continued Frank, significantly. Mark sighed again, but this time there was relief, as well as regret, in it. "Better so," he murmured. Then he held out his hand, "Frank, I have been very wrong." " Say wronged, Mark," was the grave rejoinder. " Hush, hush ; you will forgive me, I know, but do not let your generosity stop there. I thought him dead. He is dead to me now; let him be dead to you, and being so, speak no ill of him." " I never will, Mark. Let us forget him." "Forget him? That I can never do. Poor Kit: poor Kit." And for the first time in his life, Frank beheld nis friend in tears. And both men kept their words. From that day Christopher Garston was but a memory. It was understood at the Knoll that there were no questions to be asked concerning Mark's change of opinion. The ladies were too glad to find that it had changed to be curious as to the means whereby that had been brought about. Scarce Frank himself was more impatient for his marriage-day than Mark now became to witness it. It seemed that he could never do enough in the way of friendship and brotherly love to make up for his recent antagonism. In time—though it took a long time—Mark resumed his old ways and work; and it is thought not impossible that by the time he is a great-uncle he will be in a position to publish the first volume of his county history. The parallel there ceases, for the work being in quarto, the phrase "Welcome, little stranger," would be not altogether appropriate to its appearance. From this delicate allusion it will have been manifest that Frank and Maud were duly united. How their wedding- day, though long fixed, should have been known so far away they could never discover; it was only one more mystery added to many in connexion with the persons concerned; but on that very morning the last missive Maud Medway received in her maiden name was a telegram from Valparaiso. "All happiness attend you both. We are as you would wish us to be. Farewell.—TRENNA." From which it was gathered (I trust rightly) that in another clime, and under other circumstances, Kit is leading a new life, and doing well. THE END. 