«t PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in tho place when) I ani demanded of conaelonco to Bpc»k the truth, and, therefore, tho truth 1 apeak, ini|it)(,'i) It whoao ll«t " TO CORRESPONDENTS. Lott«ri and othorooiumuiilL-itlooB intended forlnser tluû ID tbe newe col otu nu should be addrened to Till KDITOE Rejected luttera cannot bn returned auder any clr* cu mu tancée whatever. Correa pondeota are adviwd to keep coplea of their letcera, aa thla iute will be adhered to alrlutly. Ho notice can be Ukcn of anonymous communications. Kvery letter must be aucompsmltxl by the narnu and aid teen of the writer, not oecetwiiruy for publication, but aa a iruarantee of pood faith. To avoid Incimvoiileucu and delny to poreona tntereetod, n e have to requtist that all butti ne« communication«, including advertisement*), ordern for tho paper, ann remittauoea, he add roue d to WILBON and MACKINNON, and out to Tua EDI TU it Pimenta by jxwt-otlico order, bink draft, or victorian postage atampa will ooline. TBITHHÛA Y, MA Y 10, 1883. Tbe Sandhurst election is of personal rather than of political interest. Imme- diately upon the decease of Sir. li. CLARK, a desire was expressed in the constituency to secure the services of the former member, Mr. ANGUS MACKAY, whose business avocations have called him away oi late to Sydney. On being com- municated with, Mr. MACKAY at once consented to return to lîendigo, where he has retained his old interest, and this week he and Mr. II. K, WILLIAMS have addressed the electors. The peculiarity is that the nominations took place first, and the candidates stated their views afterwards. The electors are thus con- fined in their choice to the pair, though it is quite possible that if the speeches had been delivered earlier, a third candi- date might have been found to carry off the prize. Mr. MACKAY'S peculiarity is well known. It is a familiar tale how COLERIDGE found it impossible to walk straight up a pathway. He zigzaged helplessly from one side to the other. So it has been witli Mr. MACKAY in politics. Time has not changed him in the least. If Ilia Sandhurst address had appeared without his name, the student of Victorian politics would, without hesitation, have attributed it to the one man. To say that the hon. gentleman is sitting on a rail at Sand- hurst, would be to entirely misconceive the spirit of his utterance, His speech was simply-as all his speeches are apt to be-one continual see saw. Now he is up, now he is down. He has a good word to say for the conlition Govern- ment and a bad one. Commencing in the critical stage, Mr. MACKAY asked, " What becomes of the principles of each " party 1 They must have got into a " state of abeyance. Was it possible, " or could it be supposed in England, " for instance, that Whig and Tory " could unite, that they could discard " old principles and work as one? It " was not possiblo unless they agreed by " some moans to ride entirely on side " issues, and not touch on leading princi " pies nt all." And then Mr. MACKAY became philosophical. " After all," he mused, " on coming to reflect, how many " of our Ministries have not to some " extent boen coalition Governments V And he went on to explain how he was a member of a coalition Government himself-how that Mini- stry did a great work, and how ho believed the present Administration can render important service to the country also. " It carne as a great relief to both1 " factions aud the people, who weto dis " gunted at the many and frequent ex " hibitions of political rancour. It was " a relief, the nature of which was " evincod at the ? termination of tha " Wars of the Hoses, which was settled " hy the marriage of a daughter of one " of the opposing sides to a son of the " other." When Mr. MACKAY left off he had scored the points heavily hi favour of the coalition, and had pro raised it a general support. Coming to the patronage question, Mr. MACKAY proceeded, as a matter of course, to toss the shuttlecock. AH Ministers, he says, aro not as Major SMITH, and, moreover, Major SMITH has been punished by exclusion from the new Government, so that political patronage is not so black-in Mr. MACKAY'S eyes-as it has boon painted. Head3 of departments aro by no means infal- lible, but have their prejudices and their predilections, and consequently Mr. MACKAY would not trust entirely to them. If it were worth while com- menting upon these comments, it might be pointed out that permanent heads who have to work their offices are far more likely to appoint with a due regard to efficiency than a politician whose main object is to seive his party and to make friends in his constituency. But this point is wide of the real issue. It is not proposed to leave patronage iu the hands of either permanent officers or political Ministers. The contention is that we should adopt the English and the Indian plan-now introduced into America-of a competitivo examination. No individual can thon maire an appoint- ment, but merit comes automatically to the front. It would bo a waste of time to argue the matter, however, as Mr. MACKAY graciously accepts the Service programme upon the condition that u certain number of vacancies are specially reserved for Sandhurst youths J If applause is to be taken as a criterion, the compromise satisfies the locality. On one point the hon, gentleman is decided, and characteristically enough it is one in connexion with which candi- dates are opt to trim. In reply to a question, Mr. MACKAY announced him- self as " in favour of opening museums " and public libraries on Sunday. . Ha " was sure that if any of them had seen " the result of the opening of the Art " Gallery in Sydney, and the intellectual " treat afforded to thousands who had " no other opportunity of visiting it, " they would never dream for a moment " of closing it, Ile believed in every " man. regarding the Sabbath and keep. " ing it sacred, but he considered that " there was nothing contrary to that ia " people admiring the beauties of nature " and of art on that day." This plain speaking ou a living issue is acceptable. It is evidence that whon Mr. MACKAY halts between two opinions, he wavers honestly, and not from a desire to trim for the sake of popularity. The great advantage Mr. MACKAY enjoys is, that he is opposed by Mr. H, R. WILLIAMS. The old member can say that he never intrigued for office. He never played any Government false. He was no interloper. Mr. H. R, WILLIAMS, on the other hand, has been denounced by Mr. BERRY and by Mr, SERVICE in turn for political treachery. In office Mr. MACKAY was a Minister useful to tho country and to his district, whereas the distrust of Mr. WILLIAMS, when he was placed in power as a reward of finessing, helped considerably ta bring a Government down, and cer- tainly considerably prejudiced Mandu- rang then and afterwards. The Bendigo division made a poor display on the floor of the Assembly last session. And as the election turns upon side issues, wa may hope, if only for the sake of the district, to see the return of the man who, despite peculiarities, left Parlia- ment with it high personal character, Saudhurst desires influence in the Legis- lature. And the great factor there is individual integrity. On Monday last the Yarrawonga Shire Council was called on to investi- gate a very grave charge brought against the president, Mr. SLOSS. Some time ago a Mr. WEST WHS appointed shire secretary, and subsequently it was alleged that Mr. SLOSS had been bribed in order to secure his interest. It appears that in some way or other a letter, written by a Mr. SALAS to Mr, WEST, fell into hands it was not in- tended to reach, and it was on the information thus obtained that the pro- ceedings were founded. Mr. SALAS wrote to Mr. WEST congratulating him on his success, and stating in the most open way how it had been secured. " TOM and I," says the epistle, " worked " SLOSS properly, and he went straight. " As soon as he promised to go for you, " I gav« him £2 to clinch the bargain. " We of course had to promise him his " expenses, because he never intended to " go to the meeting. ... I sent him a " cheque today for £3, making £5 in " all. You can forward this amount to " me any time you are troubled with " surplus cash." It is evident from this that money passed. The question is, were the payments made for a corrupt service, or were they simply intended to reimburse Mr. SLOSS for expenses he incurred in connexion with the election 1 It will be noticed that the last sentence we have quoted connects Mr. WEST with the transac- tion. In order to form some opinion on this point, let us consider the nature of Mr. SLOSS'S defence. Tho president said that he had been canvassed by Mr. WEST'S friends, and admitted that he had accepted £2 before going to tht meeting at which the election took place. But ho asserts that he had " an appoint " ment in Gipps Land, some of the " expenses, arising out of which would " be lost if he postponed his visit to " that district," and that it was only on condition that Mr. WEST'S friends would uiake good any outlay to which he might be put in obliging them that he consented to stay. " Ho charged," ac- cording to his own account, "only tha " bare amount of tho expenses,-not " even a whisky over. If that was " bribery," he contended, " then pay " ment of members is bribery." Wa must confess that in our opinion the explanation given is not satisfactory. There was no offer to produce evidence in support of the statements mado, and in its absence there are many things which look suspicious. Assuming that the Gipps Land appointment was a sub- stantial reality, tbo probabilities are against the £ö having buen paid to cover the expense incmred through delay iu taking it up. Mr. Si.uss says that he made a " chinga," but tho idea of a busincss-liko charge having beon mada is discredited by Mr. SALAS'S letter, in which it is said, " I got ii letter from " him (SLOSS) yesterday, asking for the " balance." Balance of what 1 Does it not seem only too likely that it was ft balance of soma promised sum í Thert». is no mention of an account ren- dered, of which the original £2 formed a part. But oven if there wits \- no corruption in the whole proceeding, what could be more improper than for a person occupying tho responsible posi- tion nf a. shire president, to enter into negotiations with any one concerning an appointment to the most important office in the gift of his council t No man of ordinary prudence or decent feeling would allow himself to bo approached on such a matter ; still less would ho permit it to be made the subject of a pecuniary arrangement. The Gipps Land ap- pointment does not make the " bargain " any less repreheusiblo. If Mr. SLOSS intended to leave the Yarrawonga dis- trict, ho should have resigned his posi- tion, and so have allowed another pceti dent to be elected, who would have been able to attend to the election of a shire secretary without incurring loss. If he did not intend to go away, he should have done his duty indepen- dently, without feo or reward. If he desired to be absent for a time without resigning office, he fhould have allowed , mutters to take their otdinary course. , From whatever point we view his con- duct, it appears to us to have been peculiarly injudicious and unbecoming. Alter consideration the council deter- mined to call on both Mr. SLOSS and Mr. WEST-who does not appear ftp havo attempted any defeuco or to have offered any explanation-to resign. We submit that this was a lame and impotent con- clusion. If Messrs. SLOSS and WEST were held to bo innocent of anything worse than a serious indiscretion, the council should hove placed tho fact on record when calling on them to give up their offices. If, on the other hand, they were deemed guilty of bribery and cor- ruption, thoy bhould have been dis- missed from their posts with ignominy, uuder a resolution expressing emphatic condemnation of their proceedings. . Corruption is a moral crime every- where," but in a constitutional country it is also high treason to the genius of free institutions. What chance would honour or ability have of being selected to sorve the state in any capacity, if Ministerial, Parliamentary, municipal, or clerical offices could only be secured by the " gilded hand ?" One consequence of the weak and incon- clusive finding has already made itself apparent. Messrs. SLOSS and WJÎST refuse to comply with tho request to withdraw, They argue, we suppose, 'that virtual ejection lrom office is too severe a punishment for a mere error of judgment, and hold that the action of the council, in offering to allow thom to resign, negatives the idea that they are considered to have been gnilty of any lurger offence. As it is of the utmost consequence that the purity of local in- stitutions should be preserved, we shall , await tho outcome of this discreditable business with some anxiety. The Yarrawonga affair has a lesson for ratepayers generally, if thoy will givo it. a little consideration. How can they expect their interests to be honestly looked after, unless they elect men of good character and some standing to represent them 1 How can they hope to escape reflected disgrace when they return councillors-possible mayors or presidents-whom they would uot en- trust with the management of their own private affairs 1 Men who are fit for the position of shire president do ^ not fall all at once from their high estate, and make -public patronage a matter of bargain, or the discharge of duty a more question of payment. Coun- cillor SLOSS must havo been well known before he was elevated to the first position in the municipality, and unless weare to assume that his peculiarities are not considered objectionable by his col- leagues at the board, we cannot avoid the conclusion that they showed very little insight, discretion, or know- ledge of men when they elected him. The country requires more local re presentntives of a high class, and until this want is recognised and supplied, we are afraid that the ratepayers must make up their minds to hear of constantly recurring irre- gularities of a more or less unpleasaut kind, The disclosures made by the yearly audits have often been painfal enough, but wo doubt whether anything has over yet como under public notice so disngroeably suggestive as this Yarra- wonga scandal. Since wo last drew attention to tho mistako in the proposed arrangomeuts for effecting a junction between tho railway nyntenis of New South Wnlcs and this colony, we havo boeu placed in a position to publish tho wholo of the documents and correspondence relating to tho sub- ject. Wo find nothing, however, in tho papers with which wo havo been furnished to alter our opinion in any way. It is said that a sum estimated at from £8,000 to £0,000-wo may therefore Bafoly Bsnnme that £13,000 to £14,000 would bo required-is to bo expended for tho purpose of providing station accommoda- tion at Wodonga, in order that .Now South Wales trains may transfer pas- sengers and cargo at that station instead of getting rid of thom at Albury, whero all tho additional facilities roquirod could bo providod by our neighbours at a trifling cost. In othor words, it is propoaod to spond sufliciont money to^ make and equip three or four milos of ordinary country r.tilway for tho solo purposo-from n railway point of view-of increasing working expenses, and causing inconvenionco to tho public. AH tho permanont officials whoso duty it ia to offer advlco upon the subject-Mr. OOODCHAP and Mr, WIUTTOX, of Now South Wales ; Mr. LAUKIIÏOUOIII:, Mr. WATSON, and Mr. AmiLitsox, of Victoria -aro opposed to tho dual scheme, but apparently it is to be carried out in spito of professional remonstrance and com- mon Bonne. The only roaaou given, so far as we can soo, for persisting in what ia obvioiiBly an ill-advisod course, is that the question was settled before tho pro sent Govornmont carno into office. Mr. SERVICE and his colleagues do not contend that the settlement is a judicious ono ; theycontont thomaolves with saying that thoy havo no intention of departing from tho agreemont made by their predeces- sors. But Buroly this ia not a case in which Ministers aro bound by tho aotions or iutontions of a former Cabinot. Tho present Governmont could only adopt Mr. BENT'S plan by violating those prin- ciples of administration which it stands pledged to support. It claimed the con- fidence of tho country on tho strength of its determination to freo tho civil sor vico from political patronago, and to manage what wo may call the com- mercial affairs of tho Btato in a bnsineBsliko way. To squander roonoy at Wodonga for reasons which have no connexion whatevor with railway needs, would bo a distinct breach of faith with its Bnpportors. Moreover, as we pointod out before, it would bo a asoleas infringe- ment of tho Ministerial programme. Tho advantage which Wodonga would gain from tho proposed waste of tho public siib.sb.nce would only bu temporary. Within a short time railways will bo under non-political management, and one of tho first things that independent commissioners would do, would bo to sweep away the Wodonga establishment, and all othor excroacoucos of a similarly extravagant and useless kind Once moro wo auk tho Governinont to reconsider the mattet In another column tlio lion secretaries of tho Sundtiy Obisoiianco Stcioty ox plain hut it was that no motion dealing with tho monta of the question was pro po3cd nt the iown liall meeting on Monday A "religions losoltition ' had boen ontnistod to tho Dean of Mol bourne and to the llov T WAISIOI », but it was abandoned on account of tbo clamour And tho lion nccrotaries donounco with lohemence tho conduct tf tho " sociil nuits, vfho, they aver, created (ho confusion and bioko up the assemblage Hioy aro by no means discouraged by tho occurrence, for they behove that it mil enhghton the public its to tho thiraclcr of tho pto motors of tho Sunday Society movomout Just a few words of comment aro ro quired by thoso allegations Clamour at public «lootings is alw;iyo to be stronglv protested against, bec tuso it itiflcs elis cussion It prevents, a free voto bomg takon But in thm instance, unftir tunately, the complainants wore the original transgrosaors The) took tho singular course of endeavouring to stifle discussion and to suppress the troa vot« themsolvea bj announcing boforehand that thoy would permit no amendment to be proposed Hero w ia the origin of the mischief Of courso, their plea is that tho mayor called tho moetmg m Sabbatarian interests, but a town's meet ing is n town's mooting, and neither the mayor nor any other functionary can take aw ly the lnhorent right of tho citi/on to move an nmendment upon a proposition aubmittod to such a gathering Hie Sunday Observance League called a moot ing of their friends in tho rooms of tho YMOi, and there, of course, thoy could do as they pleased They could ask objectors to li avo tho chmubor, and could rsfuso to receive any resolutions but their own When they induce the civic magistrate to gather the citizens m the oiti/ons' hall at tho citizens' oxponse, their posi tion is entirely changed The andience might rofuso to hear the Sunday Soeioty spoakor, of cour*o, but their chairman lias no business to declino to receivo a properly worded amendment So far ni wo aro aware, such a comae as that takon by Mr ORMOND at tho instance of his Sabbatarian fnonds is unheard of, and if tho lion gentleman lind been BB OX perienced as Mr Justice HiciiMiomvu who prosidorl over tho pnoi Sunday Society raeoting, ho would havo re fused to udopt it A motion condemn ing the Library trastees was Bpokon o and wa» put, and then an amend mont, stating reisous for thanking tho trustees, and assuring thom of sympathy and support, was oBtoutatiously refused Anyone acquainted with public gnthoi nigs when tho sidos aro balanced and when passion runs high, will realise that only one result w is possible after this We do not snpposo that the Sabbatarians had any simstoi design of creating confusion but thoy assuredly adopted moans which wcro bound to bring about disotdor foranv party doprlvod of its rights will resent tho injustice If Mr RBMOUI and his friends arbitrarily say that Mr C I ULI i ii shall submit no motion unpleasant to themselves, Mr C TULLER and his friends aro tempted to stay the proceed mgs then and thoro The leal disgrace attaching to Monday's town's meeting ia, we fear, the arbitrary, ono aided spirit m which it was conducted Hie lion secretaries may be reminded that those who demand equity should act with equity Thoso who ntrhtly object to clamour should not wrongly, at a town s meeting, refuse the proposal of a good faith amendment A meeting will bo held to day for the purpose of enlisting public sympathy on behalf of the Zonana Mission, which has now for some time been at work among the women of India The rucos of Htndo stan ara our fellow subjects, and have olaims on us for that reason alone, but Bolf interest as well as duly Bhonld impol us to do wh it we can for tho toiling mil lions of tho Ouont Die question thon presents ltaolf-how can we best do our duty toonr Indian neighbours, indhberate our souls from au undoubted obligation / Ilia supporters of the Zenana Mission gay that wo can only succood in uuproi ing the tono aud hie of Indian society by qualifying Indian women to jilay worthy pirt in tho woild If the mothers of India were set freo by Christianity from tho traditions aid dogmas which now condemn thom to lives of montai vacuity, and wero ablo to realiso that they, equally with their husbands and malo children, aro intellectual boiugs, holding rocogmsod positions in the great family of tho common Father, we should perhaps seo such a regeneration nu the world has novar yet beheld Hie Indian peoplo are worth improving Ihey do not d10 out, li ko the islanders of tho South Seas, "lion brought m con tact with the Western races On the contrary, they increase and multiply under tho equal laws wo havo given them, and if tho quickening spirit of Christianity wero to purify their ancient civilisation, thoy would become a gioat nation Will tho people of Yictoiia assist 111 tho vv ork of cleansing which the 55cuana Mission has takon in hand-of cleansing the current of Indian sooiety at its foun tam head by tho liberation of its women from the degrading thraldom in winch they aro now held 1 Hie truth alone can make pooplo free, and its fairest embodt mont is to be found m JJAUS of Nazareth If any should feel inclined to say that they do not caro to open their purse Btruigam aid of such shadowy possibilities, wo would remind them that the ¿enana MiBsion is striving after a proaont good which entitles it to support, as well «8 looking forward to future conséquences i rom some particulars furnished to us vto tako the following oxtrtct - It ta «.stlmn.tod there aro ono hundred millions of women in India one half (the tipper class) binnu kept in zenanas Thorp they are imprisoned for life in a condition of aljfict indolence and ignorance The bli tera says A woman hnB no other God than her hin»brtnd If hedían (suttee having been abolished) the widow is tonipellpd to porform the intttt ruenutl duties to eat the poorest food and is avoi ied as a criminal who has forft iteil tha rights of a Immun being I' is reportel that there aro moro than twenty millions of widows in India amonir whom 1» to be heard the bitter wail butte« were far better than liven of »uah wretchedne"» To assist in undoimimng a socnl system, which produces such misery is surely 11 philanthropic a work as uny in which poople ever engaged at tho call of chanty or religion (Jar English telegrams thin morning state that tho German ReichBtag has rejected the chief of the proposals tbat Prince Bismarck has laid before it which wera intended hy him to destroy the power of Hocialist agita tots by improving the condition of the working r\»«sea Lord Drfffenii, who baa returned from Cairo to his postas British ambassador in Constantinople, has written to Cbenff Pasha, the I gyptiarj state?, man, giving it aa hts opinion, nnofhually that England will guarantee the permanence of the new system of representative govern, ment proclaimed by the Khedive, in accord ance with suggestions made hy Lord Du (Term himsolf The small band of believers in the tichborne imposture are prepared to attempt to reopen the caee when the lunatic Cress well said to he Arthur Orton, arrives from Sydney Meanwhile, though believed in ] ngland to be on hts way home, Cresswell still remains in Sydney, the authorities of the lan ttic asylum there having refused to surrender him without sumo guarantee that those who have asked for Cresswell are en titled to have charge of him Tho Trench Ministry have introduced a bill into the Lepislatute containing stringent provisions ngaitiBt anti Republican démonstrations the House of Lords has declined to permit the British Museum to be opened on Sunday 1 he latest Tenían scare is a belief that some totpsUo veeacls have left Boston bound for Halifax, with ihn intention of doing some damage to tbe shipping in that i ort His liTcoll<,ncy Sir Arthur Konn'dy, late Governor of QatKmalvirl, and Mt«» Wonti'dy, embarked yestsrday for Loudon on board the steamship Orlout lite vice renal party were conveyed tothoOiiHnt li} the steamer Sopbn Nambcrs of visitor« went off io «he Orient in (heRt*HiitrR \ibhtioss Mid Spray and 1'ilot, and whon tho Orient started on her voyage there was urea' oheering Tho Orient Ukes a lilma careo of froren meat, besides treasure of the ta ne of J.I0SOOO I tom n pin are ti-leg-am received in Mel, bourne yeslerduy fe leant that the RMS Rome, with the Lnglish mail, irnvad at Colombo yesterday The attitude of th« Postal Conference in Sydney has completely changed rho BUB picion with which the Victorian proposils were at first received bus yielded to o. couvic tion that tiley are fair and equitable, and a »enea of raBoimions which embody the »ubatanca of Mr Horrys niomorandniu nero accepted yesterday bj tho delegates of New bonth VValea, Victoria and laatnnma Hie South ¿i uatrahira d»lec.nte approtei of the résiliation», but has tel" t,r iphed to his Government for instructions before iinally I accedió« to them f lie Queensland delegate, who was most oppowd to the proposal, has to some extent modiüed Ina hostility, ami has also telegraphed Hie resolutions to his Govermneut, and will bo guided by the reply he receive lue conference also dealt with telegraph io matters yesterday A résolution waa passed calline; attention to the failure of the Cable Company to maiutain the two hues of communication in working ordor, BO that when one was inter rnpted messages could bo sent hy tbe other. The meeting of the conference lasted five hoars, and was adjourned till .1 p m to du), when it is hoped that the Queenalaud and Soatli Australian delegates will havo received replies to their messages Tho ugitatiou in connexion with tho open ing of tbo Public Libtary, Museum, and National Gallery on Sunday, ia spreading The Sunday Opening Society baa distributed petitions in favour of the action of tbe trustees all over the city At the lntersec tion of Bourke and liuaeell streets, at the Elisabeth and bpencer street railway eta tion», at the Opera honee, tho central tele graph station, and other centres petitions aro placed lor signatu re At «very table notices are posted requesting those who have signed once not to sign ttgatn On Saturday, on tho Melbourne root ball ground, politiona will be handed round among tbe crowd The sigua tures already obtained number about S 000 A meeting of the members of the Bociety will he called shortly, in order to arrange for it thorough organisation Public meetings wiU be held in all the BubnrbB, and a i anviiBB organised 'I he Sunday Observance Society, who take the other Bide of the question, are also hard at work, and ato obtaining sigua turea to counter pétitions Last night a meeting wa» held at Brighton, attended by about 00 people, at which resolutions against the opening were carried ! The borough council of Stawell desires to facilitate the adoption of the Grampian stone tor the Parliament Houses by inducing the Ministry to visit the quarries, and yesterday Mr Woods, M I> A , on tbeir behalf invited Mr Deakin and his colleague« to undertake the journey As au additional attraction the hon gentleman was informed that in his capacity of Minister or Water Supply be would be able to inspect the important water conservation works now in pro¡,re»B in the district Mr Dealt ia Bau! that he bad already received an invitation from the council, and ho would represent their wish to his colleagues Dr Youl, president of the Central Board of Health, has submitted his report regarding the new cemetery for the metropolitan dis trict to the Chief Secretary, in which he strongly urges that the Frankston site should be utilised without delay. The document will not be available for publication until after Mr Berry's return from Sydney. Tbe serious prevalence of typhoid fever throughout the colony has been the subject of deep consideration by the Central Coard of Health, At their laut meeting on Toesday it «ras Bhowu that from no fewer than 113 places was the malady reported At Clunes alone there had been 100 cases within the l*«t mouth, but the epidemic appeared to be mild, and no deaths resulted la each instance the cause of tho disease is, if pos stble, discovered, and precautions taken to prevent a recurrence of the outbreak The secretary for haiboars, Mr A. Wilson, received the following telegram yesterday afcoraoou from the aub collector of Customs at lielfoat -' Griffiths Island roof buoy dragged moorings out of position Will have same replaced us soon as wcatbsr permits Heavy ees running III bay -S J PKLESTLY ' 'Hie contractors for the construction of the Branxholme to Casterton raliway lad au luteriow }eaterday with Mr Watson, the engineer in chief It will be lemembered that they stopped opera lions the other day and discharged Uieir laboureis lbey now upturned that what thoy bad to complutn of »as that the reBident or superintending engineer of the it ml woy department had been a little too Bharp with them a* to the manner in which the work was being executed i hey bad therefore stopped work until they could come to some understanding with the depart- ment Mr Watson is of opinion that the difiicolty ma> be easily arranged, and the work tésame i almost immedtalel) The two locomotives which have arrived in the Coriolanus from America are from the Baldwin Locomotive Company of Philadel- phia. They are six wheel coupled goods engines of a heavy description, having bogie leaders in front and 16in. cylinders, with a 2ft. stroke. The tenders attached have also a set of bogie wheels. Altogether there have been 10 of these engines ordered from the Baldwin Company, five having been tele- graphed for on the 8th of August last, and five more on the 28th of the same month. The two contracts amount to £31,500, or £3,150 per engine. At the meeting of the Tariff Commission »estexdnj, evidence was given by fruitgrowers in favour of the maintenance of the duties on fruit such us can be grown in the colon) According to the irait, dealers tbe exportation of Victorian fruit is increasing One dealer Btated that be exported more thun he un ported Mr Clapp, managing director of the Melbourne lramway and OmmbnB company, advocated a reduction of the duties on maize, oats, and barley Victorian maize is, he eaid, for horse feeding pntposea, o£ au inferior quality Ibe price of osta is about 81 per bushel moro in Melbourne than in bydniy According to the representatives of the produce merchants who were examined, the exportation of hntter and i hee.se has assumed such large proportion« that there is no longer any neccBsity for the duties Die other colonies, excepting Tas mamu and New Zealand, are our ohief customers Ham and bacon carers would not object to the abolition of the duties on those products if the other colonies also abolished their similar duties, otherwise they would object to tho abolition The commis sion meet again to-day Arrangements hate boen made for the Royal Commission on the Tariff to Bit at Lancefield on S»turday next, when the ovi dence of a number of the leading agricul tanate io that district will be taken It was at first intended to hold eittingB at Romee) and Lancefield, bat the chairman aud two or threo other members of the comminsion will leave town for several days Monday next, and only one day can be spared in the West Bourke du tnct Ihe members of tho commission will leave by the 7.15 p ra, train on Triday, and the sitting will commeuce at half past 10 o'clock on Saturday morning, m the Lance field Mechanics' Institute Witnesses have been requested to attend from Romsey, and Mr M Connell, of Bacchus Marsh, will be present on behalf of the farmers in that dis tnct. The commissioners will return to Mel- bourne by the afternoon tram on Saturday, and it ÍB not likely that auy further evidence will be taken Some capital has been made in the radical press out of tho circumstance that a board of advice has written to the Hdncation Commis sion protesting against the continuance of its labours To enable tho public to judge of the t sine cf the protest, we subjoin uri exact ropy ol the document It ia curious m it«alf as a specimen of r tligraiihy, orlho¿tophy and onmpositiuD - I'oard of Aduce î>c 100-bl riding B«nalli Sir-In np!} o Circular dated 1 ehy , lf>8a Ï have the honor hy direction to inform to inform that at ft meei ing of this Hurd on the 21st matant the following resolution wini eirrted unani inooBly, viz- Ihat the Mncatlöu Com misión bo informed that «his boird in «f oppiman thal the CoinmiDion bns existed quiie long enough own g to th» imbecility shown by 'he Commision in deulinc, with t> e J ducution Act, and that their proirAi ted report» are no hotter than BBScrnoDH obtained at great cost to the couotry -Yours Í e, T T bi AChBUONi Lorrespuudent B of A This communication waa addressed to theTdaca tion CommiBlon (one 's amntif.1) ' loorak, mid was a gool deal delayed iu dolivery bet au»« the commisBion bas nothing to do with Toonil Ibe letter has betti returned with the following memorandum - 'No c r cular having been »mt by the ) oyal Commis sion on 1 location to boards of aduce this communication has evidently been tent in error and ia relumed ita i any inch circular ben eent I y the comunsMun your reply would have rec ived the ct iiBidcration lo winch euch a peculiar cpm'lct would have been entitled-A GitA'.r M Ivis ni fcecie tary 9 | 51 b3 ' 1 no Premier was one of the guest« at the Major s quarterly luncheon at th« Town hall jesterday, nu dm responding to the toast ol the Mimtitry, referred in pointed terms to the absence of tramways in Melbourne, and »be amelia of the Lliziboth street drain It being interjected that tho Govcrnmen' was to blame Mr Service said he would be happy to receive the council as n deputation, and, afierfutl inquiry into tbe whole matter Bee what could bo done Tho next apeake^ Alderman Ham, 311,0, drew the Pre tnior a attonlion to the fact that the City Council had had ft vigilant eye on the nuisance in qiieslirn, and that un improved drainage scheme winch would cost L »0 OOO had already been inaugurated Among the gueat-s were Mr Reid, tho Now South VValea Munster of education, and Mr 6 Shenton Major of Perth, both of whom male speeches ia response to toanta with which their names wera coupled Hie reunion was a vary pleasant one Councillor Pigdon, at Hie City Council meeting yesterday, submitted documentary evidence to show that ho bad not, as recentb alleged against him, been neglectful of the interests of the citizens while sitting as one of tho trustees of the 1 oyal park T!> produced a letter from Dr Black, chairman of tho trustees to show thal the lato Ministor of Public Works (Mr Young) was m error in telling a deputation ol the Council that their represeutuhvetmean log Councillor Pigdon) hail sanctioned tin making of a road through the paiU as far a» Brunswick His latter showed that tho trustees had no power to sanction any inter fernilee with tho park, as tbe connell had no deed of gift As a matter of fact, they had not been consulted about the matter Ibe council resolved lo take steps to obtain i dead of gift The pollution of Little Collins street has been much ottmphuued of Councilor binnu, 'n order to gue hi« fellow members ocular démonstration that bia protest ia "el1 founded, producod at the council meeting yesterday a sample bottle of the towage matter fall of blood .»nd oil ni which he bad takon the precaution to ti;,litly cork No definite action was taken to check the nuisance, but the matter will be brought under the notice of the inspector of nui sanees The City Council aro about to place the coffee stalls of Melbourne under slricter regulation than tbey have hitherto been sub jeoted to The licences bave growu so valu ablo that, according to the mayor, ' a foi tune has been mads by one peripatetic vendor of rolls and saveloys, and au interest in a stall has been sold in one if not moro instances for as much as would purchase the goodwill of a city hotel All the while the licensees do not pay six pence towards the revenue of the corporation who ae a matter of charity, originally granted the privileges m qneBtion to infirm or crippled persona who tvere debarred from getting a living in auy other way In reply to the mayor, who wiahed to cancel the hrenies at the end of the year, it was urged that the halt or aged could not carry on a business which now supplied a great public want and that it would bo unfair to close stalls which the present owners have paid lan,« sums to obtain It waa decided that the matter should be reported upon by the Legislative Committee 1 ho ox mayor Alderman Ham waa yester doy the recipient of a handsomely lllumirated address from the members of the C t» Couti eil in recognition the manner m which lie had discharged the dattas of the ma jet al oflice d ming »ho year lt-M 82 On Tuesday ovenioi, about 60 sympathisers with the Redmond mission met at St Pat rick's Ball to tpake arrangements for the Victorian tour of Mr J li* Redmond, who ia expected to arrive m Melbourne ontho28lb inst. Mr 'thomas Fogarty, tho mayor ot Hotham who is president of the Australian Central Committee of the Irish National Leagtio occupied the chair le was reported by a sub committee that nono of the large halls m the city could be obtained for Mr Kmlmond B lectures, though several in the suburbs had been placed at their disposal the largest being Mendes Academy of Music Coventry street, Emerald hill which could accommodate an audience of 1,200 persons Negotiations bad been opened up with the lessees of the Priuecssa llieatre which ia at present unused, but without succès > It is probable that Mr hedtnond will de- liver in St Patrick a Hall Ina opening lecture on "Ibe Anna and Oljeuts of the lush National Leagoo What those sims and objects are is explicit!) stated by one of the fairest und most II (luential of English Liberal provincial journals in an extract given by our London correspondent, bat which we again reproduce -"Little now can be neoded, Bays the LcrJ.i Ala erny "to drive home evento the dullest compre hnoBion the real truth about the Land LeoL.ua With us funds squandered in waye which tue leaders of tho movement dare not diBcloso-with its treasurer ofhunls, ant) chief supportera panic Btnelten fugitives from justice-and with its hand discovered in crimes like those I lousbt to light at Uni fast -there can be no longer any iifed to affect ignorance as to Us real fhoracter It «OB founded upon crime it flourished through crime , and it eonuivi d at if it did not openly assist in, the outrngeH of which not merely landlords hut tenants their wives their children, and their ca tie, wore the wretched victims lhere waa a time when the league and ps supportera deceivd a nordon of the public by the mask of legality which they knew HO well how to nssume but to day the Land League atands stripped of ita disguises and the naked reality of this conspiracy of clime and terrorism is exposed to th > gas-o of the whole world Mr Longmore, ono of the signatories of the Grattan addreBS, has cou sauted to preside Amongst the passengers for London yestoi day by the steamship Orient waa Mr A T Clark M L A for Williamstown Mr Clark held olltca as Commissioner of Customi at one timo, and jesterday Mr G D Landridge the piesont Commis sioner, Mr Howden collector, and other gentlemen holding ofli ni poeitions io tha Customs, wero on hoard to wish Mr Clatk a pleasant pasaste A great many of the residente of Williamstown, as well as of 1 ooterray, also mot on board the steamer to say good bye to their Parliamentary repre aentativo and fellow townsman Mr A Ï Clark, before his departure by the Orient was presented with a purse of sovereigns from bia old brother officers m the CustomB department by Mr Hammond 'lhe suffererB by I ho omnibus acculent which occurred on the Richmond road on tuesday afternoon wero reported to be prt/ greasing favourably at the Melbourne HOB pltallast night lhtty aro still confined to their beds, and it is probable that it will he Botne time before they will be enabled to return to their homes We are informed by th«! Ommbus Company that the cause of the accident waa not the breaking of any reins or harness but from tha reins having been dru, pod hy the timer He waa seized with a sudden cramp m his right band and aro), cousin,, bira to drop the Kin The hones stvcmnj: par the hu« on the lock, and over rnrued ir Ute harness and rein» afWr the uccident wore quite sound and whole Au îrdignttion meeting of the members o| the (i)lico force wan holdyesrorday afternoon st the Ru»«c I street barracks 'or the pur pose of taking uno consideration the action of the Goitrnmcufc in connexion with the remuneration of conatiblos »ho baie joined the force since I860 There were about 121 constables present and tua meeting waB eui . ducted m a vary orderly manner A memo landum wau teceutly issued hy the Chitf Secretary directing that all members of th« force who joined since 1S80 «boole be re mm erat«d at tho rate of ( > (id per day for an indefinite period and the (.ne^onco of th» men is that when tney joined they v-ere niven to understand that the pay would be (jj Id per day for two team after winch it would bo increased to "s CJ per day and continued mdefioiMr I hey contend that they are nor able to maia tam thenirelw.s und their families resi ect ably on bald a day at d urc,e that the Government should wiry out the ongmal ur derstanding After a loot, diecusBion it wa« agreed to draw up a petition tor presen tation to the Chief Secretary and a cou mutee nos appointed to carry the resolution into effect, I he meeting waa held with the permission of tho Chief Comaueeiouer of Police A Bervice was held laBt night in Holy 1 nulty Church Kew in aid of the Melane Binn a msions when tbo Bishop of Melanesia (Bishop Selwyn) preached to a large congre gatton Uis text was taken from Acts i S But ye shall leceivo power after that the Holy Ghost IB como upon you and ye «ball be witnesses unto Me both m Jerusalem aud in all Jadea and m Samaria und ñuto the uttermost part of tho ctrtb He said that ni the course of tb« work ou a mtBston Hta tion neil were Been who were without God in tho world and terrib'e consequences of that condition nore daily mad» apparent \et BqMUiery was not the chief characteristic of the heathen I he) were possessed of feelings which caused them to shudder at crimes which they heatd of as being committed in civilised and Christianised nations. They believed in a God who m spired fear and the result was that they were destitute of hope when any domestic calamity fell upon them There was good evidence however that the labours of the missionaries were successful 1 ney were trying to read tbnteople and to c irry tho Gospel to them but their cilorU were to a certain extent cismped I here were only thies missionary vee ela plymg to the islands and these were not suflicient to meet the requirements of the missionaries Up to the i r-seut the mission had educated and brought into active ««vice 70native teachers while there were Bei enwbite and U(,'it native dergymeii Ihe eermoa concluded with an earnest appeal for help in narrung ou the work of the mission Iho Reva H Kelly and H L taylor took part m tbo prclumuary service, m the course of which Woodbury s anthem How boaotiful upon the mountains was effectively ran )Vred by the choir lo night Bishop Selwyn will deliver a lectnrn on Melanesian Mis sioiiB at emerald bill Soon after the 1 reach as S)duey (com pagme dca Mossagsritis Maritimes) left VVil hair stow» on the 27th ult. about tewt of cheoBe was found on the pier and was handed by the pier master to the Customs authorities It transpires now that the checso was placed upon the pier on the night the Sydney went to sea by the cool , aud that ?t was intended for Mr N Lacatón proprietor ot tne Maison Dwoa, Lonsdale street and that a lretioh stevedore who was to have convejed it ti ere forgot or neglected it Mr Lacatón bas put in a denn for the cheese uni the Customs authorities are now con iiderui^ whether or n >t there has been any attempt to etude tho payment of doty m this matter Mr Charles Brown stock and station agent informs us that Messrs E W Don nelly and Co of Quatta statiou near Vii cannia report having struck an unlimited supply of fresh water on their Pack Saddle station, m the Albert district New South Wales at a dep'h of 270ft A meeting of the Brunswick j áulicos wat held yesterday morning previous to the open lug of ti e business of tbe court to consider what steps should be taken concerning a statement alleged to hate been made by Mr lowDSaud Macdermott barrister at-law during the bearing of an appeal in the County ( ouït in which a decision given by the Brunswick Bench was impugned Mr Macdermott is rcport«d to bave said A more disgraceful decision 1 never heard but what tan you expect wbon a fellow from [ entridue le allowed to Elton the bench1 Vnd I am prepmed to prove tt IhegeDtlemeu on the Bench at the time the ca"o was beatd were MessrB LeitbbeaJ breeza hose Heming Hannon Stranger and linninn MesBis liomin), and Harrison did not sign the cauee boc k It waa decided to re quest the Minister of Justice to c ill apon Mr Macdermott for in explanation We bavo received the third annual report of the Home of Hope for Destitute Children Sackville street Collingwood couductjd hy Mr G M Cberbiiry ihe report states that this useful and growing institution ha« been in simmental in rescuing some 1 children in Institute circumstances from the streets from »ant am and miser) and from the probability f a luture criminal ource of life Soma ot thtm have been returned to their friends who through reformation of con duct restoration td health and obtaining employment have become able to support them Others have been placed in respect, able families some with a view to adoption and soino to learn trades Diese are all doing well One child it was found noces sary to bring before the magistrates ind this one was committed ro the Industrial Schools for seven >ears I hore are at presen' 2 children in the Home ic II hoys and 11 girls But very little lllneae has heei) expert enced Ile chil tren altenl theäIit/roy State School No gue tjenersl eatiefuciioii to ihe tetchera nnikiig good progress in their cdu cition I hey all attend ihe tabernacle Sunday Behool and there too their conduct has been very satiafictoiy Whilst tho ínititotinii has ben inaintaiuol hy voluntary oil and there are no outstand ti I. liabilities tim report points out that the necessity of a i en buildirg has now become urgent l.he demands of deserving cases ftre in considerable exce"B of tbo ability to supply them Ihe present I uildmg which wa« an old one in lhi I when purchased and wsa formerly a boot Hctary hie become almost unlit for habitation 1 he trustees therefore Item it needful to cr« t another Home and the cost is estimated as between ¿2 000 and A i 000 including the \ urchase of a larger I lece of land When vieitiug the Stockwell Orphanages Mr J A Spargem pointed out to Mr Cherbury the metuori ii stoneB of some of the cottnges with their inscriptions lhos« cottages v-ere bnilt at the eole expense of the don >rs and were called Memorial Homee 1 wonder «aid Mr Oherbnry ifBomeof our Masters stewards in Victoria blessed with so much wealth could nolba induced to do the same for the Home of Hope Mr Spurgeons ehsractemtic reply was- Ask and ye ehall receive A novel sommons was issued yesterday against Constablo CbarleB James Jordan, stationed at 1 metala hill on n charge of having on the 30th of March last obtained admission into the police force of \ letona by means of tu se representation Ihe accused waa a member of the Permanent Artillera from the -u h of April to the iUt December 187b when lo was dismissed and the alleged offence consists m Jordan having ienied evor haviDg been m any police force or public service on the occasion wbon he obtained admission to the Victor sn police Jordan wasBuaponded from duly on the 5th mat Die case will como on firheariui, at the Ofy Court t> morrow morning lhamas Charch the manager for Messrs I and A 1 rown coal nicrcbaniH and ship pim, agi nts Market buildings G dime street weBt who re eutly absconded, and (or whose appréhension a warrant was isssned i charge of embezzling £1(00 surrendered to the detective pnlice jesterdsy morning Ar th» tim« th« warrant W»B issued D.tectntn Pot er and Mahoney traced the accused to Sydney, and a communication was at once for- warded to the New Sooth Wales deiectiveand general police, giving a description of Church, and requesting that be might be traced and apprehended. Messrs. J. and A, Brown at the some time offered a reward of £25 for hit arrest. Nothing, however, wa« beard of the matter until S o'clock yesterday morning, when Church went to the detective office and gave himself into custody. He made a statement to the effect that be bad been concealed in Sydney since leavinp Victoria, and tbet he caine overland by a tram which reached Spencer-street on tuesday night, in consequence of having seen au inaccurate account of the charges which have been preferred against bim in a Victorian newspaper He denies the charges, and states that he ia m a position to disprove them Detective Kidney conveyed the ac- cused to tbe lock up, and he was brought before Mr Call, P M , at tho City Court sub- sequently, and formally remanded for a ncek Hie dispute between the Young Band Extended Company and the Band and Albion Consol« Company waa again brought before tho Supreme Court yesterday in a Butt by the You tu Baud 1 xtended Company to re strain the Baud end Albion Consols from encroaching on ground claimed by them The principal point in dispute had already been determined iu favour of the Young Baud Company in a previous BUit, and yes- terday Mr, Justice Molesworth directed that an injunction should be issued to restrain the Baud and Albion Company from tres- passing on the ground, and also for an account of any gold taken from the place, nnd of the expenses in obtaining the gold, reserving for fulure consideration the ques- tion of costs 'lo-day and to-morrow aroproclauned public half holidays at Portland 'J ha C'/turJi of Ângland JUwrigcr an uouneea that Dr Torrance bas resigned the oflneof secretary and correspondent for the diocese of Melbourne, and that the Rev. Horace I Tocher, of bouth Yarro, has been appointed m bis stead I ne Baldino Independent, referring to the return of Bishop Crane early in September or October, states that he baB secured tbe ser- vions of a community of nuna, who will take up their residence at Apsley house, I.chnca, that property having been parclused by the Very Rev Dr M'Gillicuddy. 'Hie /Jcntlijo Adicili-,cr roports that Mr. Wilson's Yarraberb station has chauged hulls, the price paid being i. 10,000. Dr. Alkioaou, of Sandhurst, was the purchaser, mid ¿aro a cheque for tho full amount. Reviewing the evidence given before the Tarli! Commission last week ou the candle duly, the Greswick Adveitistr observes - " Hie principal witnesses on behalf of the manufacturers were Mr J A. Kitchen, of tbe lirra of Kitchen and bona, established about Ti ¡rears, and employing from 200 to 300 hands, and Mr Loader, managing director of the Apollo Candle Company, established in 187.4, and employing between 100 and 200 hands Trom the evidence of both witnesses we learn that the price of candles has lowered einco the duty was imposed, that the colonial article wriB equal in all respects to the iro ported, that if the duty (21. per lb) was abolished the price of candles wonld not fall, that if this duty wero reduced by only id they could not carry on, and this notwith- standing tallow is ou the average ¿8 per ton dearer in the home market than m the colony. It is not clearly shown in the evi. deuce how this is so, but ws take it for granted that wages are lower at home, and that inferior articles are used by the manu* facturera It was slated, moreover, that for some timo past the importers, weighted with this duty, have made no profits, and at times have sold at a loss. To the question re. Bpecting their roiupetwg on eaual termB in thobjdney raatlcet, where there is no duty, Mr Loader replied that ' if the wholesale I purchasers here would take thousands ot ' boxes of candles from the company as they did in Sydney, the price here could be reduced to the extant of Sd ' On the other hand, Mr R Johnson, an importer, stated 'imported candles that were equal m quality to the colonial candles could have been sold proüt ablj during tbe lost few years at 7{i had there been no duty. People here had to pay about 2xjà per lb more than in Kngland. Ihe imported candles had the better illumr natiBg quality 'Ibe Neva candle, which was a superior imported candle, would last about as long as an Apollo candle If tho duty was rcdnced to Id the consumer wonld be benefited, and the colonial industry would not be interfered witb. The price of tallow in England had fallen of late years, and that was tho sole secret of the decrease m the price of candles here Tallow wa» generally dearer m longland than here to the extent of about ib per ton ' Ibe question ia certainly a very important one, and we think BO ma other evidence is necessary to Battle it satisfactorily. It has been alleged that the caudle manufacturers are making larc.« fortunes, and could well suffer a réduc- tion m the rate of duty If not, after a trial of a dozen yearB at the higher rate of duty, it is evident there is something wrong, for although to establish a new industry in our midst the people may consent to be taxed for a few Tears, it is unreasonable that this tax should be continued for all time, and the mmcB and people generally be called upon to bolster up an industry that is not able after a lair trial to stand upon its own legs. Had the mines been Bupphed for the last few yearB, HB alleged bv the latter witness, at 7id per pound, it would have made a consider- able diflerence to many a struggling com pan} " Concerning the possibility of forming an inland sea in Australia by admitting the sea to Lake Eyre, Mr O. Tv Haly, an old pioneer, writing to the JSusbane Courier, amours iu tbe view ihat a thorough exami- nation may discover a round about channel to the almost unknown Australian Bight. Ile aaya -"This is algo my opinion, partly from my own observation whilet ont west, and fiom what I heard from those pioneers who eiplored the Lower Diamantina, to the eflect that lu wet seasons Lake Eyre over- flowed its banks One explorer stated as a fact that he travelled from the Diamantina to Adolaide na Spencer's Gulf, and wag positive that in very wet seasons Lake Bj re overflowed it« banka and flowed into Spen i er a Gulf He came to this conclusion from seeing the flood marks as he journeyed towards the Gulf 1 was so convinced of the feasibility of his Btatemonta, and the great advantage it would be to the Au8tra- il »n colonies, that I determined to solve the problem by travelling from tbe Diamantina lo Adelaide, na Spencers Gulf, keeping Lake Eyre and Lake Torrens to my left, but was prevented hy circometanco«, over which I had no control Yon havo only to look at the map of bouth Australia and Queensland aud notice the very large extent of country that draius into Lake I2yre to see at a glance that it ia quite impossible for Lake Eyre to contain all the water that llotva into it quite SJeg in the widest part by (idea;, in length 1 heref ore the q uestion to sol ve is Where does it How to ' This ought to bo easily ascertained by a small but well equipped party sent nut at tho expense of the four colonies most interested Though no engineer I feel convinced, with our present steam ecoopa and other modern appliancea, itnmilitnor to coat ¿1,200,000 to allow the sea to How into Lake Eyre, Bay at half tide , for when once the sea is allowed to mn into the lake, the deeper we can keep the lake the better This ia a very dißerint scheme to that uioposeil m South Australia A rise of 111ft to Lnks 'torrens was a fatal obstacle to this plan, but by going a little further wes» there may be very little engineering difficulty. But for argument's Bake, say it will cost ¿37,000,000,1 am still of opinion it would Handsomely pav tho four colonies most in- terested to cut the canal and allow the sea lo run into Lake Tyre, bj having more regnlor seasons for agricultural as well as puitonl pursuit*1 I am bortio out in thia opinion by Mr Russell, of the Sidney Ubservutorj, who sois, If your proposal ran he carried out, so that a great inland sea can bo formed and kept full, no doubt it won d have a considerable effect upon the climate generally ' After such a valuable opinion na ttie above I feel certain that the set eral Australian Governments ought to tuite the matter into their aenoua considera- tion before euch another disastrous drought M Hutt from 1837 to January, 1841, orsxtaksatt us, carrying off two-thirds of oat stock*; valued by some as worth over £100,000,000, besides ruining the whole of ou tanning population, worth even more than that »um to the Australian colonies." The city ocganut will perform the tallowing: selections on tbe grano) organ thu afternoon, at 4 o'clock .--Overture, " Goillsnme Tall," Rossini ; andante, from Surpris» Symphony, Haydn, grand pedal faune on "8s. Anne's Tune," Bach ; march, " The Australian Con- federation," Austin Tamer; onfacio »elec- tion, " Klljab," Mendelssohn ; annie. National Anthem. The tonic sol-fa clase established br Mr. S. Lambie will commence this «vening at the Assembly-hall, Collins-street. A meeting in connexion with the proposed testimonial to Sir Bryan O Lochten will be held in No G room, Town-hall, to-morrow afternoon, at half-past 3 o'clock. We are requested to call the attention or tbe residente of Emerald-bill to a concert which takes place to night m the town-hall in aid of the funds of the Mercantile Rowing Club. We bave received from Messrs. Johnstone, 0 Sbannes8y, and Co , of Bonrkc- fltreet east, an admirable photographic portrait of she late Sir John O'shanassy. The photograph would appear to be of recent date, and forms an interesting iouventr of the deceased alatea miin. Tbo BaptiBt churches of Melbourne and Buburba have arranged for a united festival in aid of their Home and Bnah Mission work, which will be held in the Colbns-street Bap- tist Church this evening. Tea will be pro- vided at G o'clock, and the publie meeting, a« which the Hon. C. J. Ham will preside, will commence at half-past 7. 