THE CITY BAND. TO THE EDITOR. OF THE HERALD. I Your sub-leader of Saturday last on this subject is my I I excuse for trespassing on your space I will endeavour to explain its objects, its sea son with", its means of existence as a band, and its wants, the City Band was organised for the purpose of supplying the public with good music, well ' r ndered, ut pi ii as most convenient to the citizens to attend. the efforts of both the band and its promoters have no to this point been tentative In li great measure, seeking by varying the prices of performance to find out by practical experience what time and place would most accord with 1 public to resilience and enjoyment Possibly when this ex- I nonce has been general it may be found best to ox one time and plan c for cash week The performers are enrolled by the treading ter under definite i tiles and regulations, which may be a truly stated PB follows Each performer agrees to study the pieces of music given out by the head master, to attend at stated intervals for practice, and to give his services at any pTtorninnceot which he has received any notice I the music fans are of the artisan class was, who could not pos- , sibly give their run without some Mir remiinorntton, and though the remuneration fixed upon me to come people seem too liberal, it must be remembered that each musician i (apart from the fact that previous to enlistment he must have satisfied the bandmaster of his efficiency), besides giving his set in at both p formations and practice, must ' also Study his music, consequently I may say that the n veneration for each performance is by no means excess Have. I the F and from which the expenses of the kind is met is a UNITY by public subscription ieiOJlinve reached the hands of the committee, of it Inch £250 have been expended to date I repayment of a few small preliminary expenses, and in I giving such musician in honorarium of 10s. 6d for each ' public performance The committee to whom is entrusted the arrangement, eve of performances include Messrs W. H. Stephen, H Gorman, C J Roberts, Mr. W. Giblin, Hugh George, J A Read, G N Griffiths etc The band- master is Mr. Sebastian Hodge , hon. secretary, Mr. Sidney. To supplement the subscriptions the committee once to our to arrange for performances at the Association Ground, JCoologicnl Gardens, arc , stipulating that a portion of the entrance money small tin allotted to the bind, also, it is proposed to give popular concerts at cheap admission feel the full strength of the hand is about 40, and, as it is considered requisite to have at least 30 performers for the teaching of music to the best advantage and in the most complete manner, it follows that, with incidental expenses, oithnftcruoou's evening's performance requires an outlay of wheat £20 Ihn City Council have now under consideration the ad visibility of voting a sum to supply the members of the band with uniforms What the band wants is a little genor- its assistance in this early stage of its existence listeners and kind appreciates its good music secures to itself but unless funds are forthcoming to tide it over its early struggles, until a firm foundation by means of a goodly list of annual subscribers is obtained, I fear the genuinely patriotic and kindly ofîoitsof some few enthusiasts will languish and come to nothing 1 'nt Sydney is indi) deficient in glowing rational places of outdoor tiuitibpiiipn!, particularly after dark, is unfor- daintily a very common and true remark We, Anglo-Saxons, by descent or birth, cannot easily) ad for ourselves to the altered elnnatoconditions so necessary to thoroughly enjoy life in Australia We have brought with us and Northern Europe the habit of either staying at home or of seeking v innings nmUB ments in close theatres and halls, witness could clearly be wiser and better for us to follow the eujiuuB of Southern Europe in these | matters. On Monday last, from 7 30 to 35 p in ; the City Band I rendered a selection of choice music in a most artistic manner to tin area tell of several thousands in the Domain ' 1 that could hope to in this we will be but the first of a long a list of attractive open-air evening concerts thus drawing Iro as their close and many homes in our < it and suburbs I those years um appreciate the beauty) and fresh air of our parks and a programme of high ORAM music. a Possibly, I may seem not to have suited the wants of the I (it) I. and Unite h on 1111,11 It wants the public support not ; only in attendance of listeners, but it wants those listeners | I am remember that to allow its nicety serums to be heard to i I the fullest exit at the performances must not be crowded' too close upon, and that this intervals between the times I en tho tunes for uiuvirB mon, whia ling, and shouting. a Again, to start) the expenses the committee must have fun 1a, and as the. committee would desire to arrange for two pi romances mob wool, it behoves those who would further the pleasure and recreation of themselves and their less well-to-do follow citizens to subscribe towards this ob|(-Pt. Allowing that the committee are able to arrange for one free con crt pith work, this necessitates an expenditure of at least £1010 per annum, and I appeal to all those who can afford it to send their names in to the honorary Miniar) as warm as convenient, that he may enrol them on the hat of unusual subscribers. I am, the, G. N. GRIFFITHS. I j Richmond Villa, Domain, September 20. I THE PLEASANT VULCAN. Although the American and the 1 nJicnRBtiouoniors in the Caroline Islands 10th May had full opportunity for good observations of all the phenomena of the total eclipse of the sun, there w ere no medications of the existence of the planet Vulcan The supposed planet was first discovered in 1839, and in 1878 Professor Wilson, of Ann Arbor, Michigan, and Professor Swift, of Rochester, in w York, both claim to have seen the pi made. But since that time it has not been seen on the axe sion of the three test HUH ghosts that have occurred 11 may 11 portables ton tin in a extremes when it was born ved to have two hours it was in such a portion of its | miners us to be. favourable to a') question, and that similar conditions have not since Missed To carry runs. a SXASÏÎ.-«iulj)liolii.e Lotion will completely) races of til ancient, peoples, rather. blotched, near, eczema, psoriasis, sex., In a few days. Falpholiue attacks old skin dis- orders, and Wally destroys them. It is a peculiar, agreeable, harmless Mold, proCucinr, dear Skin, Sulpholine Lotion Is (sold by chemists; bottles, 16 Sa, than early by J. ÎCÇBP and Co.. 