TtJEP GOSSIP. BrAwjDB. Grand National weights are now as anxiously sought for as the handicaps for the ' * noes, on the flat» qncl those anhfandar. last.were lost as fUHtlr Mfuutett i fpllowea. IjOthair, who now rimka w Htk "xjhainjiion -%t the lower flight, ii, of course, at the top of the tree in the Hurdle llace, and if he be as lit as lie was this time last year he will again finish in the front rank. On that occasion, however, he was conceding only lllb. to llhesus, who beat lihn by half a head. The son of Epigram had his revenge in the springt when he carried list 1211)., and won easily, though there was only 81b. between him and Rhesus. Now the _ difference is just a stone, and Game is 41b. below the great gun, while Buzza is handicapped at Gib. more than he carried to victory on Saturday last, while Triplet has lib. less, which should hring tnem together. Lady Hampden lias quite as much as she can carry in list 71b., and 1 doubt if Trumpeter is quite fast enough for some of those that are likely to oppose him. Doncnster has yet to gain fame over hurdles, and why he should concede a stone to Dizzy, or why Barwon should give the latter an ounce, I cannot understand. Dizzy won four or five races in Warrnambool, and if he can jump he ought to win. The Joker, Spark, and Ontario are among the novices at the business, but all are likely animals, und I'm glad to think that the ranks are to be recruited. Everybody will be pleased to see Simpleton in the field again. His weight, 12st. 101b., is a heavy impost, but it must not he forgotten that the minimum is 9st. 71b. Lothair is quite big enough to surmount any obstacle, and if he is clever over big country, he should make one of the most brilliant steeplechasers we have ever yet possessed. Trumpeter is not at all badly used at 12st., a weight which he is completely master of, and I doubt if Vaulter is capable of coping with him at a difference of only 91b. Harper-Thompson is well enough in at list. 41b., and so is Cruiser at list.," if he be the Cruiser of old Blackthorn is reduced lllb. upon Jiis Caul field weight, and may have a look-in at lOst. 12, but Coomete is scarcely fast enough for a I Grand National field. Bryan O'Lynn once [ gave evidence of being a good steeplechaser, since which we have not seen much of him, but the Bailarat stable is particularly clever in the management of jumpers, and to train them there could be no more accomplished artist than Mr. Thomas Wilson, who, at Grand National time, generally brings his horses to the post in the pink of condition. Sailor and Chrysalis are both useful animals, and I've seldom seen a more improved animal than Obadiah, who has a weight that should not trouble him, and of the remainder commend me to Australian Court, who seems to me to be the most dangerous opponent of the top weights. With fst as the lowest weight in the Flat Race, The Ghost is not harshly treated at 9st. 121b., but I like Verdure better, and next to her Sir Charles, Omelette, and Rooftree. Mr. Scare has produced a handicap for the Metropolitan which reflects credit upon him. He commences only 31b. below Mr. Barnard, although he has 71b. less of a limit. Space will not permit of an analysis of his produc tion, but from a cursory glance I should take the best in to be Sir Modred, Segenhoe, Wel come Jack, Sweet William, Willeroo, The Barber, Cunnamulla, Morpeth, Nicholas, Magnet, CoriolanuB, Waterloo, Chuckster, Jessie, Gipsy Cooper, and. Gloucester, all of whom seem to have a really good chance. In the Hawkesbury Handicap nothing stands out very prominent. Cunnamulla, perhaps, being as well treated as anything. Among the first horses selected as not well handicapped in the Melbourne Cup were the NewZeaIanders,and I was not surprised to see the pen put through Bundoora's name. His owner, Mr. Vallance, was in Melbourne, and stated that had Bundoora received anything like a weight that he would hare had a chance with he would have brought him to Victoria, but thinking it useless to make the attempt with 9st. 51b., he considered it ad visable to put the pen through his name. The horse backed for most msney before the weights made their appearance was Mr. James White's crack, Segenhoe, but "his owner was so dissatisfied with the weights allotted to this colt and Morpeth that he ordered their withdrawal directly he saw the weights. With Commotion handicapped at 9st 121b. and Segenhoe at 8st~ 101b. in the Metropolitan, the latter has 51b. the best of it as compared with the Melbourne Cup weights, and Morpeth meets Mr. Pearson s crack on 61b. better terms, so that the blue and white banner will probably be carried by one of these in the big handicap of our neighbours. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. held a sale of thoroughbred stock at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday, but only a few horses were disposed of. Illusion and Colstoun were sold privately to Mr. Leek for 1,000 guineas, a price which his partner considered satisfac tory. Had Illusion been submitted to auction, he would have gone to a big figure, for three good men intended to have a cut-in for this very fine son of Countryman, and if his owners had allowed him to enter the ring, I daresay he would have realised 800 or 900 guineas, perhaps 1,000. Corfolanus was put up, but bought in at530guineas. I believe 500 would buy him, and I certainly do not think him a dear horse, for he is nicely handicapped in all of the big things of the spring and as I have not altogether lost faith m him, I think he would be well worth the money. I want to see him ridden as Murphy rode him in the Champion Stakes, and then I shall be satisfied. Yerlo was bought cheap enough by Mr. II. G. Talbot, of Tasmania, who intends to have a little hunt ing in the Bailarat district, and J. Morrison secured Kambrook for 90 guineas, not a bad bargain if his crib-biting proclivities do not ] interfere with him. Halifax went dii dirt cheap to Mr. O'Brien at 35 guineas, Lupella to Mr. Macklin at BO guineas, and Queen Elizabeth | to Mr. G. Dixon for SO guineas. Handicappers are among the best abused men in all English-speaking communities, and the mother county is no exception to the rule, Messrs. Weatherby usually under take the unthankful task of apportioning the weights in the big handicaps m England, but they do not seem to have given satisfaction to Bobert Peck, who is looked upon as an "awfully clever" turfite. The irate trainer, feeling dissatisfied with some of their handi * ,ve notice to Msaara. Weatherby to 'fall homes in his name, except hot of all handicaps where Messrs. erby handicapped, where the weights had appeared, or any handicaps where the weights had not then appeared for which they h&ndioapped.;" The same thing has been done more than a dozen times in Australia,; but the dubs concerned have taken no notice of; the matter. Not so the Eng gl^VJoclrey^ Club, whose ^members otm bBea^insdted, Jad**reslnted^lck's con dudby ^blwmng the following id the^next: Petik having, on theztet ofApril last, riven notioe to Messrs. Weatherby to scratch 'all horses in his narie, except Baliol, out of all handicaps where Messrs. Weatherby handi cap,whero thewelghts have appeared, or any hanmcap^WMro the weights had not then appeared lor wMch they. handicap,' the stewards of the Jockey Club have directed Messrs. Weatherby to decline in future to accept any entries of Mr. Peck's horses lor hanoieaps to he made by there, or to handicap any horses his property or joint property." This was somewhat rough oni the Hussley trainer, and the sentence was, to my mind, far too severe. Peck considered that Messrs. Weatherby had not treated him kindly, and said as much ; but it was some think like straining the law to disqualify him and all of his horses. A line or a caution would have met the case. The ban/however, extends only to the handicaps made by Messrs. Weatherby. Fred Archer, the celebrated joclcey, has also been getting into more trouble, for he was summoned before the stewards of the Jockey Club at Epsom, at the instance of the Duke of Portland, who called upon him to explain why he had not gone to Harpeuden to" ride Silver Bell, whose owner! Lord Hastings, has, with his grace, second claim upon his services. Archer was reprimanded, and told not to do it again. In the French Derby, wherein he rode the winner Frontin, a protest was entered against him for jost ling, but as the evidence was not considered conclusive it was dismissed. For this little job Archer was well paid, the owner of the colt having agreed to give nim£200 if beaten, and £500 if he won. In the English House of Commons there was strong opposition to adjourning over the Derby Day, Sir W. Lawson especially being very bitter in his remarks. Hesaid:—" From the time of William III. until now, in all legislation concerning gambling, betting had been described as 'unlawful and deceitful, contributing very much to the encourage ment of idleness and impoverishment of the people;' and the law, as laid down in the act passed in the year IRQ8, was as follows :— ' Every person playing or betting by way of Wagering in any street, road, highway, or other open or public place, or in any place to which the public have or are permitted to have access, shall be deemed a rogue and a vagabond within the true intent and meaning of the recited act, and as such may be con victed and punished under the provisions of that act.' He did not think that the House ought to adjourn in recognition of a sport which attracted 'rogues and vagabonds.'" Other members, however, pointed out that it was a day for the people, on which the peasant could enjoy himself as well as the peer, and eventually the motion for adjourn ment was carried by 185 to 85. The Tasmanian press unanimously dis approves of the action taken by the Tas manian Turf Club in disqualifying Mr. C. S. Agnew for indulging in some " after dinner" remarks to two of the stewards a week sub sequent to the decision which he complained of. The quarrel took place in Hobart, and as nothing further had been heard of the affair, it was thought that it had been allowed to drop, but it seemB that the aggrieved stewards were merely nursing their wrath to keep it warm. In another column will be found a letter from Mr. Agnew, in which he asks the racing clubs of Australia to refrain from endorsing the decision until he has vindicated himself in a court of law, his legal advisers having informed him that the stewards have gone outside the law in disqualifying him for what was nothing more than a private quarrel, and, therefore, be yond their jurisdiction altogether. It will be seen that the Tasmanian Racing Club will not endorse the decision of the Tasmanian Turf Club. The members of the Murnunbidgee Turf Club will hold a general meeting on the 12th July, yhen the registration of tine club in ac cordance with the AJ.G. role will be taken into consideration. The mania for ladies' bracelets seems to have reached Wagga, for I notice that it is proposed to introduce a race similar to that established by the Victoria Amateur Turf Club. Mr. Matthew Bryant, previous to purchas ing Bosworth, offered Mr. de Mestre 3,000 guineas for Navis guineas for Navigator, which was refused. Navigator was undoubtedly a great racehorse,, but we have yet to see that he will prove a { success at the stud, and no doubt the Cairn j Curran studmaster offered full value when I he put down 3,000 guineas as the price of the celebrated descendant of Fisher man. By advertisement it is announced that tenders for renting the C ran bourne race course, consisting of about 110 acres, securely fenced, for training or grazing purposes, will be received at the-Mornington Hotel, by the hon. secretary, Mr. P. G. Gill, up to the 10th July. No gamer horse than Swiveller ever trod the turf, and in the popular colours of Mr. C. M. Lloyd he was the hero of many a hard fought contest A few months ago he became the property of Mr. D. S. Wallace, who has determined to place the son of Snowden at the service of the public, and he will stand at Ballark, Morrison's, at the moderate fee of 10 guineas. Swiveller was from a Yatten don mare, and in appearance he was much more of a Yattendon than a Snowden. On the turf he won no less than 22 races, with weights ranging up to 13st 31b. A little over a decade ago there was no more promising amateur horseman than Mr. John Kerr's eldest son John, who on the flat and across country was very hard to best, but increasing weight prevented him taking part in the contests of late years. I regret to say that Mr. Kerr, jun., died at his father's residence on the29th June. With Sheet Anchor on the flat and Amabalis across country he was always at home, and being of a quiet and retiring disposition, he was liked by all who knew him. Those breeders who are desirous of obtain ing good roadsters and trotters will bear in mind that Mr. J. J. Miller's imported Ameri can stallions—Honesty and Contractor—will stand at their owners' stud farm during the coming season. Honesty came amongst us with a capital record from America, and at SlBternwick-park he maintained his character by winning the great 600 govs, purse. Possessed of sire, symmetry, and substance, with some of the most popular strains of trotting blood coursing through his veins, he is Jnat what a trotting aire Bhouid be, and mated with well-bred mares he ought to produce stock well adopted for the Indian market. Contractor was purchased by Mr. Miller for a large sum In America, and he has shown that he is no mean performer on the track, though he is not in the same class as HoneeW. The terms are 12 guineas for Honesty, and 10 guineas for Contractor. The Tasmaman Racing Club annual general meeting was held in Sobart on Mon day evening, and I am glad to hear that the report submitted was highly satisfactoiy. As a matter of course the notification received bom the T.T.C. of Mr. 0. S. Agnew*s dis qualification was taken Into consideration, and after some discussion it was moved by Mr. W. A. Gnesdon that as there was no rule of the club to meet such a case the T.E.C. could not endorse the disqualification. This was carried. In Sydney Morpeth appears to be most in favour for the Hawkesoury Handicap at 100 to 8, and 100 to 5 has been accepted about Firm Denton. •• A telegram bom Sydney Mates that Ad Valorem and Jessie nulled up lame on Mon day . morning. If this be tro& we may Bee a couple more struck out of the Mel bourne Can, though, under any circum stances, I do not expect to see Ad Valorem start, as he is rather harshly used in the handicap. Jessie, on the other hand, is won derfully well in, considering that she was almost as good a two year old as Navigator. Ad Valorem has been scratched for the Hawkesbury Handicap and Metropolitan. The entries for the S.A.J.C. Derby, St Leger, Rnd South Australian Stakes are to hand. They are moderately good, but Vic toria has not contributed many entries, Messrs. Branch and Haines being the only nominators from this colony. This does not say much for the spirit of our owners who are not members of the ring. For the South Australian Stakes there are 27 entries, Sir Thomas Elder being represented by five. The Derby and St. Leger each has 24 en gaged, Sir Thomas Elder again being the principal contributor with five. For Victoria Mr. Branch nominates Bonne Fortune and Silver King, and Mr. Haines his Wollomoi colt. Slow Tom, who was lately disqualified at Bourke, has been purchased by a Mr. Warren, and on Monday last ran in a sweep stakes against Dollar and Edith, and beat them. The weights were 12sti each, and owners were up. Borderman lias gone into M. Griffin's stable, and Don Pedro has joined Coffey's string. After the Steeplechase last Saturday, Mr. M'Kenna purchased Napoleon for £100. Mr. J. J. Miller has published his Sporting Pamphlet, to which is added the " Official Trotting Record" and as it contains the per formances of all the horses engaged in the Cup, Ac., and a record of the principal trot ting meetings held during the season, it muBt be valuable to all sporting men as a book of reference. Centaur's Index, one of the handiest little volumes ever compiled in Australia, is to hand, and its presence reminds one that the ■ :ii:5 . U»ui:! *t L„ \ 'V-■ : :ivf r unresting td .r.g li.ei. >'■: i- :0 r in il;'.;;•!>£!. !D u;.j , r- _ ,.4S ... ,, ( ; o! Mi-aftr.-. v*. .' Y-.il-> )•„•! *:b. • o: il* ■ '.hfriu/l!-I-es.. tov£ueeu>: " land f- rt.*""1.! prrr-.-sp--. mbeii wr,». a perform'1-.- n 1 ■ \ •; iim '.I? c h ••'•.•.•i-.l- y. valuable in any ecua. At a meeting of the V.R.C. committee on Tuesday the disqualification of Old Jack, Lawrence, his trainer, and E.JM'Gee, his nomi nator, by the Parkes Jockey Club, was en dorsed. It will be remembered that Jack Sprat, after being disqualified at Wodonga, was taken to Parkes, and fraudulently run as Old Jack, but it was discovered, and Lawrence and the horse were disqualified for ever, while M'Gee's sentence was 12 months' only. Lawrence, it is Baid. was one of the Slain tiffs' in which Judge Skinner gave a ver ict against the Wodonga stewards, and Old Jack is the veritable Jack Sprat who was dis qualified at Wodonga. Justice is blind indeed. The disqualification for life of W. S. Everlyne and a jockey named M'Leilan was also en dorsed. as was the disqualification of Talis man (late Happy Land) for fraudulent nomination. It was also decided that General Jackson, baling won a steeplechase, would not be eligible to run for the Maiden Steeplechase at the V.R.C. Grand National meeting, and I presume Black Jacket is in the same predicament, as, according to the Grand National rules, horses must be maidens at starting. The communication from the Tasmanian Turf Club announcing the disqualification of Mr. C. S. Agnew was brought before th V. R.C. committee on Tuesday, but the matter was postponed for farther consideration. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting resulted in a substantial balance, and now that the 1 public are thoroughly satisfied there need not be any fear of the ultimate success of the club. Mr. Crooke informs me that Claptrap has sprung a curb. This will necessitate a short spelL but I hope to see the smart little son of Tim Whiffler ready for his Bpring engage ments. By advertisement this week Mr. M. Bryant announces that Bosworth, Irish King, and Tarrengower will stand at Cairn Curran, during the coming- season. As brothel to such celebrities as Richmond, Segenhoe, Warwick, and Palmyra, Boswortn can <*lnim to belong to a very famous family, and having won the Normanby Stakes, V.R.C. St Leger, Town Plate, and A.J.C, St Leger, he must be reckoned among the crack per formers of his time. His blood is of the best, and in these days, when the descendants ef Fisherman are so successful, he should be popular with owners of mares. Irish King can claim some speedy descendants in Mon arque, Viceroy, Liberator, Royal Irishman, anaPrinoe Patrick, and Tarrengower, by Fire works from Cora, is well enough bred for anything. In consequence of the alteration in the date of the Geelong meeting, the entries will not close until the26th"July. The first day of the Went worth meeting appears to have been interfered with by rain, but the second was fine and the attendance good. Messrs. Robertson Brothers were most successful among the nominators, for they won the Sires' Produce Stakes with Southern Light, the Flying Stakes and Darling Stakes with Platinum, a son of Blue Gown, and the Consolation Stakes with Conundrum, by King Cole from Pusale. The big event the Wentworth Handicap, however, fell . , Mr. A. H. Pegler, whose Ally, Convert, wc;' and also walked over for the Derby. Mr. W. Crorier won the Hurdle Race with Mayflower, and Mr. A. Croxier, the Steeplechase, with Coomasaie, Martin Burke being in the saddle on both occasions. The names of the bookmakers licensed by the V.R.C. appear in July number of the Victorian Raima Calendar. They number only 69, hot the list will be augmented when the New South Wales members of the ring arrive, though 1 believe several of the Vie- ■ toriaa division do not Intwd to register again, and others have been refused a re newal of their licences. The V.K.C. will doubtless make abort work of any of these if they are discovered betting in the enclosure. The name of Doncaster appears in the V.R-C. forfeit list, b this the horse that is nominated for the Melbourne Cup ? The programme of thB' (belong Winter aw, aadoontains five events. If is grtttifviiw to find that the trot has been expound from Dm list These events may be left to the V.T.O, ' Prospect, who has been supported pretty freely in the doobles for the Grand National, is the property of T. Oorrigsn, who bought the home from Mr. H. Moraa, of W&rmatn; bool. - The Cockney, Boatman, and other horses will be disposed of by Messrs. YnUle and Co., at Sinn Buaar. on Monday. At & meeting of the MurramMdgee Turf Club on Thursday it was decided tohold the raoe meeting on > November 2L tt, and 2s. The principal pmr —'— sen tea by Messrs. with 800 so vs. add 160 80vs.; and the 100 so vs. The Ci to a mile and a 1 be one mile and a smarter. I te&£as -xjA sfit. lia 2 ,n:_ tsisrti Ksin^ E3E' n ". - V — 3fr-»-~ Tj: feas "hbsl ssr-7»:rrr£. jctc? *?»«£'? 5-«- riht YLvrLs*rz!rja£ » Y*- ml -iTtr ~<sr m- -* ilziisriKe. ir.+u. ■ri^TL Est srei rm "T Xr 7 ^ •■viitf 5fc» lit a.-ai v. Mr ^asc 5:r f5«*> rt~iitas_ Si-; «av.B: %a —T";r—SHmaasd. i»>l. JSvvsmL -.-Bii-s. Ssir^e&tii;—'■Ttff-g?. -2iaiSL 3l£ ~2 -, ^ssf ^aia ta. zir^c iiit'-s —%isia£ jfegaagasji _ U irario. 3tsa&zz.; TfeetaaKsaae—5ii-."rjsl V_*^.C Vx iiies—V— VjaRSi^.. 