THE BIBLE IN STATE SCHOOLS. to the editor op the age. Sir, — I havo been much interested in reading tho correspondence contuiucd in your columns ou the recent discussion in. the Weslcyan Confer ence on religious instruction in the State schools. As a member of that conference, 1 went to its recent sessions with the full intention of speak ing on tho subject, if it should come on for dis cussion : but for two reasons I remained silent. The first aroso fiom this causo : a number of us wero fairly crowded out by the multiplicity of 'speakers ; and secondly, I refrained from speak ing because of the tone of some of tho speeches, the spirit of which proved somewhat contagious, which suggested tho wisdom of the maxim "Si lence is golden." But though I took no part in the debate, or even gave a silent vote, yet I claim to be as deeply interested in the subject as any ono of tho speakers, and though I listened attentively throughout the debate with a mind open to convicbion, I received no fresh light, or saw the slightest reason for changing ray viows on the subject. The position that I have held is this : First, I have no sympathy with those who desire a denominational system, therefore, 'secondly, I ani oppesed to a separate grant to any denomination ; thirdly. I think that when tha presont act was framed that it was a mistake to have eliminated so much religious teaching from the class books, as was dono : fourth, I am not opposed to the reading of the Bible in 'Stato schools, it practicable, but if I mistake not, tbo practicability of tbe mea sure ia just the very bingo on which tho whole difficulty turns, and until the practica- bility is clear and conclusive there should bo no attempt, made to force on the proposed measure. We all know that there are periods in tbo courso of history when tho community is bound to ac cept its position and make the best of it : this, I apprehend, is precisely how we stand relalta J to tho presont Education Act. No doubt I shall bo regarded simply as uttering a truism when I say I do not think the present act a pereot one, but by the force of circumstances it lias come to us in its present form, and our wisdom is to raako tho best of it ; not that I would stop the wheel of progress and advocate the remaining as wo are for at! Lime, but there is a practical truth under lying tho maxim, li Make haste slowly," which has a peculiar application in tho present history of our colony. Wo all know full well that as tho act now stands not the ghost of a grievance can bo conjured up ngaiiist its operation by any party, either political or religious, as tho act isso framed that no peculiarity of creed could possibly militato against the reception of secular instruc tion provided by the Stato. It is perfoctly truo, that while the class books arc permeated with the purest morality, yet no religious dogma ia found there, and so tbo charge of a mere theism is brought against the act, which has often, in ignorance, been branded as a godless one. But supposing a series of lessons were to bo Intro duced from the Bible, such as no party could take exception to, what distinctive reli gious teaching, 1 ask, would come out of that, especially if the lessons nre not to be accompa nied with explanations, Some say, "Tbo BiBIo is its own interpreter." If this wero to bo pressed literally, then wo should lmvo no need of spiritual instructors. It appears to mo that in the present mixed condition of the community dogmatical religious teaching could not tail to produce a real grievance to a large ami influ ential party in this colony, who would immedi ately demand a redress in tbe form of a separato grant, and who would u$o their utmost influence to secure their end. It is vain to say we are not afraid of them as they are only a little more than a filth of tbe population of the colony. We know full well that this faction can Mund shoulder to shoaldor as ono solid phalanx, and turn the for tune of au election when some vital principlo is at stake, while tho remaining four-fifths are split up into as many sections on some poiit-cal questions, ensuring defeat, both humiliating and disastrous. God lorbitl that I us a minister of tho Gospel should bo found among those who would withhold tho Bible from the rising com munity as their birthright, or . sail in that sllip whose passengers are said to ignore the Bible. In a great question Jtko this 1 am afraid that some are swayed by mere rhetorical flourishes or sentimental appeals, but I apprehend that iii this case we aro to he ruled by neither of theso modes. The actiou must relate to tho po'ssiblo and tho practicable. I ask, Is it possible or practicable at tho present juncturo to introduce the Bibio into our 8tate schools without raising such a storm of indigna tion among a certain section, who would raise tho war cry, " A Separate Grant!" and on this point No Surrender ? 1 have .looked calmly at the subject, and I can seo no other result than the above named as the issue. It is true that we are told a conscience clause covers tho whole diffi culty, but I fail to see it. As it regards tho chil dren there may bo some truth in tne statement, but what about the teachers? There are about 1000 State school teachers who are among the section referred to, and what about the conscience 1 'clause for them? These, in some cases, where there is only ono teacher in a school, would be compelled, against their conscience, to givo a Bible lesson. Fcrhaps it will be said, " Well, if their conscientious scruples disqualify them for ' 'their duties it simply remains for the Stato to 'discharge thorn from its service;" "This is more easily to be enunciated than to be carried into practice, for if a corps of 1600 wore to bo dis missed 'something akin to a religious persecution would be ennctod tbut I am quito sure no right- minded individual could sanction. Then itlias been stated that among the teachers employed by the State thero are about 500 who have no religious proclivities whatever ; in fact, are ad verse to religion in any form. Are such to be entrusted with tho duty of tho religious teaching of the youth of the colony? Would it not bo a burlesque on tho sacred name of religion to commit it into the hands of such? I am per fectly aware that among tho remaining 2,000 teachers there aro hundreds who aro an orna- menttotheir profession, their stain Jessmornl char acter, combined with their extensive theological attainments, as well as other oxccllcncics, sufficiently qualify them to impart religious instruction, as ranch and as well as any minister of the gospel ; but while we should havo full con fidence in such, thero is art overwhelming majority with whom it would be the revdrsa Aly settled conviction is, tho limo has not yet come to agitate tbe question. Tho act is yet, in a certain sense, on its probation. With ail its im perfections, it is a good one, and it would ho a thousand pitie3 to endanger its safety. Let us wait and watch for the period when with safoty .the Bible can bo introduced. In tho mean time let not tho arena for religious instruction be lost sight of, such as the home and the Sunday school ; the latter is ever to be regarded as tho nursery of tbo Church. If the ministers of churches and teachers of Sunday schools, com bined with parents and guardians, were at ono in regard to their obligations relating to the yotith of the colony, ray impression is that a moro per manent and vigorous religious 1 i:o would be the result than co 31 d evor bo attained by the limited measures proposed. A WESLEYAN .MINISTER. TiiEa&nndl; meeting of St. Alark's parish Eitzroy, was held on 30th January, when the report - and balance elfeefc were read and adopted, and the churchwardens and ve3try for ISS3 elected. The income was announced to be £1124. The members elected were as follow For people's churchwarden, Air. \V. S. ICimp- ton ; for the trustees, Air. Ed. Carter ; the in cumbent, Air. C. Ellis; vestry, Messrs. Itushall, Lock, Lee, S, Manger/ G. Cole, IL Digkt; C. : Bight, Simpson, AEAIabon, Pogh; Knowlea, ' G. \V. Colviile. ' . 