THE NEW COMBINATION BED STEAD. IT was night, , ' < m The b'oarding-liouse was rapt in a terie brious gloom, faintly tinged with an odor of kerosene.s : . Suddenly there arose in the air a yell, followed by wild . objurgations and furious anathemas. ;, . ; . i JiTherei.was 'a clanking and rattling, as'of an.; overturned picket i fence, and another iyeH,Mwith:.moro ianatho'maBi1 The fatted boarder ,listonedv *and', ghostly clad, tip toed along, to ,Buffum!s room, lie- of ? Buffum and Bird, secondhand' furniture' dealers. As they stood there, there was a whizz, a grinding,, a rattling, and a bang, and . more, yells.; They consulted and -knocked on the aoor.v<? . Comein.' ? ' Operi it.' ;i ? ' «)l:oan't.'": 1 ' i Convinced that Biiffiim was in his last 'agony, 'they knocked!in the door1 with a bed post.' V>*' is . 11 The sight was; 'ghastly.' Clasped between two sturdy, though1 slender frames of walnut Buffum,. j^aleias a [ghost, was six feet up iii the-^air.ll He i,couldn't' move.: He was ?caught like a bear in a log-ti-ap. i'V What .oh earth'-is it ?' they said. - 'Bedstead-combination.' New patent I was telliri' you'about,''gasped Buffum. 1 ?'(His ptory was Bimple though tearful. He iliad .brought -it home that day, and after using it for a writing desk', had opened it . out and Inade his bod. I-Io was going peace fully to'dreamland, when liorolled pver and iaccidentally'touched a spring. ^ The fearful invention immediately became a double crib, ^ariditunied'Bufiuin into a squalling wafer.; ?Then ho struggled; and was reaching around for the spring, when the patent bedstead 'thought'!it would' show .some more, ' and str'&ijjhtbtied; out,' arid ;sliot up in the air and was a clotlies liorse.; Buffum said lie didn't Jike"to^ba..clothes, and he. would give the thing to anybody,..that, would got him out. They said-'tlieywoula- tryr'' Tliey didn't want any such fire-extinguisher as that for ' tliili*'1 'trouble'/,'' butthey would ;try. ; They inspecied " it' cautiously. They walked all, around it. Then the commission merchant laid liis little finger j on t the . top' end of it. The thing snorted, aM'roared as'if it y/aa shot, slapped over'with a'bang and became an extension table for ten'people. When they rocovei'ed: from |the ' panic;' and came back, they found the" coiii'missioii; merchant in the corner, trying to.got\ breath,enough to swear, wliilo lie rubbed- his shins. Buffum has disappeared,' but they .knew'lie had not gone far. The invention' appeared to have taken a fancy .-to. him, .:aud incor porated him into the firm, so to Speak. :He was down underneath, straddling one of the legs, with his head jammed into, tho'mat tress. Nobody dared to ; touch ; it.,, ,The landlady got a club , and reached for its vital parts, but could not:find them.1 She'ham mered her breath awftyl arid' when/sh^ got through und droppedHbei^lub'.in ^bspaiivthe thing swung out its arm's with a . grasp and a rattle, turned over twice, and!i slapped it self into a bed again, with Buffum'peacefully among the sheets. He held,his. breath for a minute, and then waiting (his opportunity i made a fling leap to the'door, just in time to save himself from.bein'g,a folding screen. A man with a black bye and a cut lip told the editor about it yesterday. He .said hei owned the natent..and Buffum had boen ex .plaining .to liim how1 it worked. -Amrican? Paner." 