R',ORBBES.ONDBNCE. [We do iot identifyourselves dith the opinions of corresmondents.l THE GHOST AND THE PRESBY T ., TERY OF MELBOURNE. TOt. TOIE EDITOR. S.n, -DUnlik your corresp ondent "The Ghoat," I in not an export in ahot?, and con, soqnontly am incapasbl of replying to hie ieni. tential;eofuslon after hil own fahionti. ' hnt thib'? was "'personal malignity" in my letter Is hot trio. I know all the parties concerned tn "the Strong case," probably hetter than your correspondent, and think that the Presbytory of Melbourno has noted unwisely iin soverai par ticulors. lut oven n a'Presbytory has not a monopoly of wisdom, and unwise conduct" has not been.ooofincd to one sideo: Tho, charitable "Ghost," however, charged the Prersytery with motives, feelings onhd conduct worthy of the perpetrators of the "Phoenix Park tregcdy," but this wos only one of hilt "peaondilloes", whlich thidnhrity of your readers is expected to' cover. I accused him, of this, and he knows now that the accusation was true. I stated fnots, and shiowed that he wrote hi total ignor ance of church law'dnd usage, but instead of re. plying to these tie seizes the unimlirtant part of my letter and abused me. 'A story;ls told of. a husband whoso better.half In. moments of wrath habitually chastieod. When asked why he did not retaliate, he said "It pleaqes her and'dols not hurt. ome." lly only desire is that both sides of the dace should hbe kIgown to the publio, and not the oneshided report, barbed with "personal malignity" written by your. norrespondent-a report that could usually be written in Tasmanla two days beforo it appIears in your columns. Iti'any impartial account it would bo'difficult to find tile atrong tonguago used by your correspondent, but I send you the following quotations : ' There is no doubt the Presbytery would gladly accept Mr. Strong's resignation, and I end the imatter, if it couhl legally and honourably accept this oetrer. ThisI,'low over, at present Impossible. A oirrespondent of the Daily Teleyraphputs the tase with great clearness and forc :-Althoughl not a member of the Proahbytery nor a tinister, I can say, from very aocurate hiformation. that every member of the presbytery would gladlysolve the diffioulty in this way wret'it possible, and thereby save thpmselvee thie fulfilment of what, to all of thern without exception, is a most u'npleasant duty. They are, however, in such m position according to thle law of the Clhrch, that if they accept Air. Strotg'o resignation simpliciter, le can .at once call upon thenm to grant him a prasbyteral certificatne, to Etho effect that when ie resignedol his charge and connection with the Church, there was no charge against hhr or his doctrine. How cail the Pueslytery grant such a rertlficto,ln the faensof the fact that there lies on the P'resbytery thblo a notice that Mir. Strong is, next Tuesday, to ho charged by one of the most roevered sind oxperimncOd minittere of the Church with eachingi , or conniving at tlto teachitg, of heretical views? Tohe P rosbytery is n jdicle body, upon whom is devolved tie tduty of guarding within its bounds not only the don. trins of tile Chtllch, but tihe privileges, cot-. duct, ind clharcnoter of its memberh ; therefuro It mi?ost hear all iparties boeforo takinig action. It would act as unfairly to Mlr. Mi'Eachran were it to llotw Mr. Strong to resign and give I rim aresbytoeril certificate, without hearing and dealing with LMr. I'Eachran'sl charges against him, as it would to iMr. trotng were It to bold him guilty of herotica teaching upon the statement of therae hargeRs, without giving him an oaportunity, to defend and, if possible, exonerato himself.' " The duty of presenting the statement of the charges against tIe Rtev. Charles Strong devolved on tite ioe. 1). H. il'Eachran, who delivered a lucid and dignified expiositlvi of the grounds upon which this eoursellasa been deemed necessary. The charges against Mlr. Strong were of promulgating unsouna aid and ertiral dootiulo; of coduLt tendingl to destroy the order andl unity of the Clhurchl ; of feilier, to defend its cardinal doItrins., anud of ion. compliance with thedirlctiona of thu Presbytery to lay greater etrcat in hia tarnlhelt oi thi etal truthsof Ciirintianity. The clelir?ryt ,f tir. IIiinbtthnti's letcturo within ti, walls fi the Soots OChurch, ,tle. ['Eallran declaredl to be an outrage on theocgcseleneo of thte Christian community. lte traversed with ability the views therein enunciated, maintaining that the conclu?ion of the Icturer was that all the peculiar nd distinctive truths of Chritoio?nty were to be cant aside.-Forr the delivery of ttlt' lecture. to the Seoo0 Church, Mr. 'li-ahhran held that Mr. Stroung was repotreiblo, audri'he further maintained that Mr. Streng'a own vioews were In precisely the camn lile. Itn a glowing' peroration ire urged that the Prosbhyterian Church would ho false to ail it. prinoeiplo nndt.to i0 It nol Ihrstory if thley failoed to withstand tlree.oattemrpt• to drny the divino truths "of the Chriatian religion. Tihe JRev. S. Robineon. who resumed the coosidera tion of tihe question aftor a short adjournment, hubmittted a resolutlo declaoring that tile ehrargoid made required Invoetigatlon, rnd suhr. mtitting a eriree of questions to the put to Mr. Strongin elucirdatlon of In Ia beliefs it the vital principles of Christianity. 'Tie Rtev. J. Itay urged that Mr. M'Eachran had failed to estlh. liih any specifio charges, and held that there was no aufiaioent groundt for inquiry. Tho Roev. Dr. lt'Donald suggested tiat tire resignation of -eMr. Stronghroultl be accepted, and thequestion of gianting r. certifcrat left to the General Aeembly. Tire Rev. WV. a. Fraser suhmitted definite amendment, that It wa neot neoes. sory or oxpedieot to go fu llter inr tho matter.' Thoe coae wna ultmately referred to tihe GonoralAsletembly, which meets itt November. -Yours, etc., J. 