ODD NOTES. . BY A BOHEMIAN. CFrom fSo Week.) Thb politicians are gottir.g terribly fidgety at at tho timo I am writing as to tbe probablo result of tho noxt batch of elections. They will be all over by tho timo The Week gets into the, hands of the bulk of its readors, but not in timo for mo to givo tho results here. .It is supposed that this lot will definitely deoido tho fata of tho Ministry in tho new Parliamont either ono way or tho other, and, therefore, a tremendous ottort, a enear dead lift, bo to say, is to be made by tho Ministerial supporters to get their men in. Bulimba, Fassiferu, Maranoa, If orthern Downs) Gympie, Wide Bay, Olorinont, and Townsvillo, are all supplied with tho requisite numbor of candidates of the true Ministerial tint, although Bomo of thorn havo to call themsolves ' In dependent,' because, being as a rule more rabidly .Ministerial man tuo .ministers inom selves, or depending entirely on tho Ministry to provide them with the means of support if they got elected, it would injuro their chances o£ election to declare 'them selves in their true character. Both rides in each of the electorates named make ' cook sure' of getting their own men returned — as ia usually the case— but as this is iropoBsi 'Ma ^4- ib aata f.ft v»Tnr1i/*h f.Vini'. nun mftlft will nfl ?woefully disappointed. I should not like to Bay whioh side it will be, but if Hamilton gets returned for Gympie, King for Wido Bay, Gibson for Bulimba, or Haygarth for Fassifern —they will havo to work the oracle more adroitly than has ever before been done in this colony. Morohead, through an accident that everybody with a spark of human walk-over in the Balonne, and Maerossan may pull off the Townsville event, but it will take all ho and his committee know to accomplish tho task. Anyway, wo shall know all about it by this time next week, and in tho meantime I for ono shall be able to await the result with becoming fortitude and resigna tion. Even though all the Ministerial candi dates are victorious this week I hope to bo able to ' keep my hair on,' as the man says in tho T-lay. There are worso things than even that happen at sea — especially when thb ship sinks Eureka! Eureka! I have discovered him at last ! Ihero is, after all, a real genuine 'Independent' candidate bofore tho electors. A man .who is neicaor a cowara, sneak', nypo crate, humbug, Bitter on the fence, ignoramus, nor dilattante politician, but an honest, intelli gent gentleman, who is quite in earnest, and who eays what he means, and evidently means what he says. I alludo to- the Son. B. B. Moreton, who is a candidate for tho Burnett. I sincerely hopo ho will get eleoted, because ho is u man in whom I have great confidence and can heartily reepect when I don't agree with him in opinion. I re member the Hon. B. 3'. when ho wa3 in Parlia ment before. He is a very good sample of the *? fine old English gentlemen ; one of tho olden time' — if you understand me. Mr. Moretoa addressed the electors at Gayndah last Monday weok, as I see by the Maryborough Chronicle, and made a capital speech. He said he preferred to como forward as an independent candidate because it had been nine, years since ho wua in Par liament before, and during that timo old party.lines and landmarks hid been shifted so considerably that ho should roally require a little time to 'look about him, if he got there again, and ascertain who was who and what ?was what before he could say for certain which party would have most of bis support. But he wound up his speech with tho following conCea won of political faith : — Now, I believe much could bo done in settling people on tho land by leasing in small lots, so as to onaMo men of narrow me.tns to make permanent homesteads and settle down. I liavo considered this subject well, and am asBlired tliat the nrcsent nvfttam will have to be altered. I am rtroiisiy opposed to tlie introduc tion of coolie labour. I think thut the white man can work on plantations us well as blacks. But the difficulty is that on ptauta- ions labour is required at certain times when perhaps the whito labour is not procurable, and owners must beep men on regularly to ho utilised on such occasions. If It is possible to fceep kanakas on plantations, well and good ; but I would rather sao thom restricted from coiniug to tho -country altogether, than allow thom to go into tho interior. I nm in favour of payment of members, ?because it increases your choice of representatives, for very nxauy men of honesty, intelligence, »nd ability, who would be desirous of serving their country, are excluded for want of means. I am not ono of those who can run abo.'.t and solicit votes— who can go from door to door with my cap in my hand. But if my views coincide with yours upon tho prin oipleB I have enunciated, it is your duty to give me your support, and I consider the system 01 asking for ?votes most pernicious, and at variance with, tho truo ?principles of representative Government. * A man who holds such opinions as the above, and is prepared to give effect to them in Parlia ment as often as the opportunity offers, can be safely trusted to call himself what he liket. I ?wiah thero were more candidates of this sort available. Words like thoso above quoted have the truo ring with thom-^-don't you think ? ., 'Wl.ether it is Borne mental defect in me, or moral twist, or pudding-headedness, or what 'the Yankees call ' general cussedness,' I have never been able to decide, but there ia some thing that invariably compels me to view things in a different light from that in which the general public view them, and arrive at odd conclusions not intendod or desired by the person who may happen to furnish the data I have been gravely informed that1 it is ?very wicked to do anything of the land, and if so tho moro is my misfortune, because I cannot help doing it, and do not quite realise the extent of the mischief until it is accomplished past all undoing. lam always catching myself at this trick. For instance/ there was that beautiful lecture by Mr. J. A. Clarke, at the Temperance Hall, last Friday evening week, on the ' Political Aspects of the Temperance Question.' The following statis tics'quoted by tho lecturer struck mo as being startling, to say tho least, and fastened them selves upon my imagination with wonderful ?vividness : — The expenditure on drink in Great Britain for last year was £130,500,000, which wat a million and n linlf moro than the total revenue from houso and landed property, the receipts from tbo former being £75,000,000, and from tho latter £60,000,000. Dr. W. B. Eiehardson had testified that tho direct annual deaths caused by indulgence in alcoholic drinks In tho United Kingdom were -10, 000, aud death.) from disease and' violonco 'rising from Intemperance 81,000, the total annual mortality through drink being 121,500. Tho annual earnings of tho working classes ?wore estimated at £333,000,000, of which it was com pute* that about ono-ilfth, or .£60,000,000, ivas spout in drink. I suppose the proper sort of reflections to make on tho above figures would be in tho direction of teototalism, and tho proper conclusions to arrive at would bo a now and overpowering sense of tho duty of 'putting in tho peg ' at onoo and ' swearing off ' for ever — as an ex ample to the rest. But this wns not lioir tho .figures affected me-not a bit of it — quite the other way. The ilrst definite thought in' my mind was that if everybody wub teetotal, and moral, and law-abiding, and this 121,500 deaths cvory year wore prevented, and crime and pauperism were abolished ? how tho dicker s should wo all manage to get a living ? Ihe competition in nearly all tradoB and pro fessions now, excopftho very lowoBt,- is exceed ingly severe, but under existing circumstances ?econd and oven third does men get a chance, because tho cloveresfc are oflen handicapped by their predilection for what poor Artemus Ward called ' the floin1 bolo.' If a very clever pro , fe8sionalmani»iu,thohabitofgettingtipsyhcnot only loses custom which thereby goes to a loss clover man in tho same lino who kcop3 sobor but, if Mr. Clarke's figures are to bo relied on, tho clovor tipplor not only shortens his days but ho holps to make up the numbor of thco who shorten tho days of other clovor tipplors, and gots into 'chokeo' a good portion of his timo if ho escapes hanging. But if all this was put an end to ; if all tho vory clovor men novor trippod in any way, and lived honoured, respoctrd, and omploycd for tho whole term of their natural lives — thero would not bo a ghost of a chance for tho less clover. These were the' kind of reflections that ran through my mind — a whole mob of thom. Of course thoy were very improper, but just work out tho problem, on those lines yourself, my dear reader, and let mo know the solution you arrive at. Intoxi cating drink is a bad thing no doubt, but if indulgence in it gives the sober dull fellowB tho tremondous chances described by Mr. Olarko, you and I had better not say too much against it— eh F Man is born to trouble, as tho sparks fly upwards, and soino even seem born to their own and half a dozen other fellows troubles. The ataoluto certainty with which some men make a mess of it, whilo they are striving their utmost not to do it, is a profound mystery to me. It is easy enough to say they are 'bom to it,' but that doea not got rid of the difficulty — why should they bo born to it ? But I am getting too metaphysical. What I wanted to say was that the very efforts some men make to sternly and rigidly perform their dut under difficult circumstances leads them into greatest trouble. A striking illustrotion|o' this occurred at Sandgate not many days ago. A lady who, if not tho very highest, is certainly among tho highest in the land, was down thore alone, and wantod to come back to Brisbane. Her watch was a little Blow or something of tho kind, and she just got down to the station in time to see the train moving away fouy or fifty yards ahead. That particular engine-driver had a female relative doivn at Sandgate about the size of the lady above referred to, and ho expected she would go back to Brisbane by his train, and she had not turned up to time. When, therefore, he saw a little lady alight from a cab on to the plat form, and wave her handkerchief to him in an, exoited manner, ho determined in his own mind to teach that procrastinating female relative of his a lesson eho would not soon forgot, and, therefore, waved his handker chief in return most excitedly, but still kept on tbo even tenour of his way. This ma-3e Hie lady on the platform madder than ever, and quite convinced her that it was done for the express purpose of insulting her. How that engine driver will get out of tho scrape I do not know — tho sentence then passed upon him by the irate lady who was left behind, and to whom the driver mockingly waved his handkerchief, was that he would be hanged, drawn, and quartered, or something of the kind, so soon as she could let her husband know the crime and who committed it ; while the culprit wont serenely on under the Bweofc assurance that he had not allowed Mb natura affections to permit him to swerve one hairs' breadth from tho path of duty — and wondering what would be the present ho would have to make to the little lady which would bo most likely to make her kisB and make it up for being left behind. 