fjejss T i m s ^ t i ^ i m , ? alHeavea Bo l thought when a long opon winter, • .With its days so sunny and warm— J / A seemihgreversal o'f,nature—' .For-months I had seen'my pet sparrows ; : . From thebate-eartheppring thair bre&d;, But that monung,the )ang otfiiB sparrows ; I^y.liipns'bn tpe floor-Btep, apd {dead.' "Andoverthestreetisand thBgardene . JFhe.snow.4ik6 a.pall was laiS, And, oh, whata.p(tiful chirping' > ; • The poorKttlesparrows inadej For <weekp on' the walks and highways . The dear little birdies had fed, And nowfonihe snowwvered d(wr-atep .. • .Theprinoeof th6spanowslaydead._ O men,'andOwomen\and. children, Dp you hoddlwheh'the winter lias cOme? . Do ybu know-that thp e^iiip of the sparrow 'Is weakening,and vbiceless, anddt J)6 yea know that the birds- who proteoted Vonr flowers and your fruits all the year , Are starving and'treeeing and dying y jfnsightpf your comfort and oheer?:. ^ 'Do you mind vfhen t^e pai^ffl feipd the'gaiidftiB 1 -. -FormoiitiiB were.theptey'ofrthe wijrtn, ' ; The ladies •ovBnyet Beenfto'feel them As' over th^ir ureases t1jey : squirm. .'• ' j .^hep ttie eparrtfw appeared, and the Birt^r ? .-' Tnat ruinei Uje BummgrsioOl shtdjjr ,, Waiqmctly ewept'-Outof;jiMteneeP;,: Arid we' tfandered abroad' iiridismjiyttdi-"- t^ Throw Out from Tour windbwe ejnTdoorwayB ftoll foo8 foryourperisMng frieadfl,:^ ' For the generoup protection they gave you In Heav&i;'s nam^ hjake your amends. ' .' Look do wn'froin your kings and y our princes, . .. Loot down to'thfe humble and true,'' And as Heaven in mercy has blessed you, May thedear little sparrows bless too. : Vffi pie told that p terrible lion , Was caught in a net or a snare, , And for aline,could do with his power . He might have gone dead then and there; Hut a- yeak little mousesaw the monarch, - And soon with sharp jteeth set him free. Though the sparrow isnot yet a Hon, - Thou canst make hima lion to thee. . Went a good, deed without Its reward; ' Be sure, then, to feed the poor sparrows - Is toworkin'the name of the Lordl The crumbs that to- day you may scatter \- Willreturnin great loaves of whitebread, And never again in the winter Will you find on your door-step the dead. THE OLDEST HAS. " AUBEO Largo," or " Long-Hide," acoord. ing lo the English derivation of the Spanish word, burned himself to death at the Beat del Castillo, California, for some time the old Indianhadbeen feeble anduhable to walk. During, the decent heavy rains that fell in that region the old man sought refuge in a cabin near by. Last week he crawled up to the* house of Senor Francigoo Parma and told him he was very hungry. The latter gave him a good, dinner, besides fumishihg provisions for future emergencies and then instructed the other Indians at the rancheria to care for him. They replied that they had always done so, as they entertained unusual reverence for the old man on acoount of his age. Thursday, the date in question, was a cold day'in Lower California, and "Long Hide" was given an extra blanket by his dusky friends. This he soon tore into strips, put them on a fire and soon his " teepe" or brush house, was all ablaze. When this had been accomplished, despair for the moment seem-, ing jto seize him, he plunged headlong into the burning mass. A stout young Indian near by seized him and tried to drag him TOUtof danger, but the old man grabbed a stake in the ground near by, held himself in the fire, and before -other help could come was literally'roasted alive, dying-within a few hours after the occuranoe mentioned. " Long Hide" was married and the father of several children when .the miss-' ion of San Diego was built, one hundred' and twenty years ago, and frem what £e told parties who visited him he must have been not less than thirty years of age at the time. Three or four years ago he lost a son who could.remember when the mission was first built,by.Franoisoan- friars. . THIB son must have been not less than 120 years of age. " Long Hide" told of the first settlement of Old Town years before the mission was built, of the coming of Bhips for water at Bussian springs, and many things of great interest - iii the past histclry of San Diego and vicinity. Jaun Melendrez who lives near the Beal del Castillo, says he knew " Long Hide" ; fifty years ago and that he appeared nearly as old then as he did the week before he died. He says that the old man frequently beat the best horses owned in the country on trips to Son Diego, one hundred miles distant from the Beal, and that he often chased deer until they gave up with fatigue. He would then capture them after they had laid down for rest. Until a year ago he . was able to walk about and travel quite well. Since then he has been obliged to crawl about on' all fours, like a cat or dog. He retained his'sight perfectly and all the faculties of mind up to the day he died.—San Diego Sun, DOWN IN THE DABE. Down in the lower levels of our mines, hundreds of feet bdow the surfaoe of the earth, in the dominions of I3rebus, where darkness ever holds its reign unbroken by the light of day, are found some curions growths. The grass Valley Tidings makes the following mention of a specimen of this eubterran- " On Saturday some miners found a rather queer specimen in the 700 level in the Idaho ine. The speoimen whieh was found nmong the timber, is a sort of fungus (punk, we believe the miners call it), and is just the shape of a uman hand. The hand has five fingers and thumb, and appears to be in a sort of crampd position. It is a singular looking speci. en, and may be seen at the Wisconsin otel." In the lower levels of the Comstook mines —particularly those long abandoned or unused—are seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fungi. Some of these are of great size, almost filling up drifts', and seen by the dim light of a candle look like sheeted ghosts. Down below in the dark these growths seem to strive to imitate the forms of things seen on the surface. In one of our mines was once found an imitation of a fancifully-carved meershaum pipe, stem and all, so perfect that it,would easily be miBtaktn for the genuine articleif not taken in the hand and closely-examined. Some of the fungi resemble the horns of animals, ond are . from two feet to a yard in length/while others might pass fpr petrified devil-fish.—Virginia Enterprise. A COBRESPPNDENT of the Booh ester Post Express, describing the burning of a dwelling house in Clifton Springs, recently, says that because of a peculiar state of. the atmosphere a. curious spectacle "was presented, - The southern sky was illuminated by a broad crimson glare, and from the oentre of this, extending far up into the sky, was a/bloodred streak, such as is often produoed by the explosion of a sky-rocket. This streak remained long after the reflection of the blaze ad died away. T is hard to personate and act a part long, or jyhere truth is not at the bottom, nature' will d}ways be endeavouring to return, and ill peep Out and betray herself one time or ther.—TiUotam. . o divert at any time a troublesome farioy, un to thy books; they presently fix tbde to hem, and drive 'the other out of thy thoughts. hey always receive thee with the samekindesB.—Fuller- : , ATDBAUBIS' say that a-single swallow will evour.6000flies a 4ay. • ' ^ -'••-'< \- - 