HENRIK IBSEN WhEn plays that can only be understood by the educated classes of two such insignificant countries as Norway and Denmark, numbering between them less than four miUion inhabitants, attain to four, five, and, in one instance, even to nine editions, it is good proof that the author has touched the fibre of national life. HEnrik Ibsen, however, is a great deal more than a local dramatist. HE writes for an ever widening circle of admirers in Sweden, in Germany, and even in England. Mr. Gosse introduced him to the English public through tho columns of the Spectator and the Fort- nightly Review (January, 1873). Mr. Archer has lately reviewed him in the Athenæum, , and Miss Lord has reproduced one of his best plays to the English public in a trans lation which we' cordially recommend. Our own work will be confined to a portion only of Ibsen's writings ; some of his more recent plays- in prose, which deal with social relations. Practically, Ibsen's literary activity has taken distinct forms in -three different periods of his life. He has been' a writer of historical dramas, a writer of highly finished poems in which tho problems of modern life are dealt with dramatically and lyrically, and a writer of prose pieces in which the interest turns upon the analysis of character and the suggestion of revolutionary thought. We do not ourselves rate hismostam- bitious historical work — on the Emperor Julian — as more than indifferent. On tho other hand, iv e agree with Mr. Gosse in claiming for. Ibsen tho very highest position as a creative author, and wo regret that we cannot give specimens of his best lyrical efforts, in such a form as might enable our readers to understand what a master of language and style Norway possesses. For an attempt at this wo must refer our readers to Mr. Gosse's collected essays ; and only invite liim to remember that Ibsen is now a man of more than fifty, and is thus of the age in which' reflection may be supposed to predominate over fancy. In the construc tion of his dramas, and the conception of character he seems to us to have gained rather than lost. He is less fond of violent situa tions, more careful to note shades of charac ter ; and wo may perhaps set this down partly to tho employment of prose. A drama in verse is apt to flag if every couplet has not a jingle or a point. Tho popular criticism of Ibsen declares him to be a satirist, and a man who is always striv ing mistily after thoughts which ho cannot clearly express. A careful study of Ibsen -'has led us to dissent from both tlieso views. Ibsen is a great master of satire — as we may add he is a great master of lyrical poetry — but if we are to commit the injustice of defining him by any one word, wo should desoribo him ' as an idealist. In " A Comedy of Love" the moral inculcated is that marriage cannot be fonnded on any passion which is not assured of its own immortality. The glow of first love, the attraction of congenial temperaments have' their value as experiences, but will only bo memories to increase the misery of a union that turns out to' have been ill-assorted. Better for man and woman to put them aside, and to dedicate their lives to work. In Brand — tho story of an austere fanatic, who sacrifices _ wife and child to his conceptions of clerical duty— the lesson inculcated is that tho egotism , which leads a man to concentrate thought and action upon tho saving of the soul is nothing mora than a lamentable form of sin. Tho enthusiast's work fails because he has not understood that tho self- abnegation of duty cannot take the place of tho sympathies of love. In Peer Gynt— a drama of terribly wild power, which may almost be called the " Faust" of modern times — the hero is represented as perpetually conquering tho world by tho force of unscrupulous egotism, while he is yet trying in a sort of half-hearted way to compound with conscience. At the end of his life he learns to his dismay not only that a half-washed out personality cannot be admitted into hell, but that his soul' will have to be fused and moulded into something altogether new ; and in his last agony he is hushed to rest by the woman whom he had loved and left under tho one good impulse of his life. Dante's descrip tion of those who were not good enough for heaven, and who were yet too despicable to be received into hell "for fear tho devils should triumph over them," might serve for tho motto of this marvellous conception, in which tho presentation of tho age as a rough Titan — a Hamlet of the exchange and tho chapel — vacillating between greed and soul saving, is brought out with a wonderful wealth of imagery. In the Young Men's League we get a counterpart to one of Browning's deepest works, the Soul's Tragedy, and in this we approach nearer to pure satire than to idealism. We should, demur, however, to taking this piece by itself. Its completion seems to be found in another work, the Pillars of Society, which represents the incapacity of a successful impostor — a commercial Peck- sniff— to unravel his own life from the skeins of deceit he has interwoven with it, till he makes public confession of his frauds. The last, lines' of this play, " tho spirit of truth and freedom are the real pillars of society," express, we are convinced, Ibsen's deepest thought. By truth he means absolute independence of character-; by free dom, the right of all men or women to act with complete disregard of fashion and of the world's opinion. Such a man — idealist and individualist— is no Radical. Indeed, Ibsen's treatment of Nor wegian Liberals reminds us strongly of Shak- speare's portraiture of Jack Cade and his followers. As an artist, Ibsen seems to be attracted, though not overpowered, by the picture of the old fashioned Norwegian gentleman, As a thinker he evidently revolts from tho idea of any new social system which is - to end by putting character into new leading- strings. Where he looks for regeneration is in tho individual's deeper sense; of responsibility. He has ap proached this from two sides„ in A Doll's Home, and in Ghosts, the two plays which we propose examining. In " A Doll's Home, the play which Miss Lord has translated, and which she calls Nora for some reason known to herself, the heroine, Nora, is tho petted charming little wife of Helmer, a lawyer, who has just been made manager of the locatbank. In the first scenes Nora, the daughter '-of a spendthrift father, and, wedded to a husband who treats her as a plaything, is little more than a doll, without moral purpose or habits ; fond of dress, fond of macaroons, fond or amusement, fond of her children and very capable of fibbing when her husband asks inconvenient questions. Some years before she has been guilty of a terrible indiscretion. Wanting money for a journey to Italy, which was to save her husband's life, she had forged her father's signature to an acceptance. The for gery had been instantly discovered, as the father's death happened before the date forged, but the money lender had been content only to regard it as an additional security for his debt! Suddenly he is threatened with dis missal by Helmer, who has become his superior, and he now threatens Helmer's wife with ex posure, explaining to her to what consequences she has exposed herself before the law. Startled by the sadden shock into a full understanding of her position, Nora, who knows her hus band's 'strictness of principle, is almost despe rate ; but entrusts her perplexity to a lady friend, who is able and well disposed to exert influence over the money lender. For three *Et Dukkehjem Genyangm, Skuespillcr af Henrik Ibsen. ICobeiihavn : F. Hegel oz S8n. Nova, a play by Henrik Ibsen, translated from tho Norwegian by H. S. Lord. London : Griffith aud Farran. terrible days, while negotiations are pending, Nora has to appear bright and happy, keeping Christmas with her family friends, and wind ing up with a ball. Her fate is to be decided by the time she returns from this. As it happens, the friend's intercession has not yet prevailed, tho money lender's threatening letter is found in the letter box, and Helmer suddenly learns that his wife is a forger. In that critical moment, the small instincts of the Philistine — the man who only values respectability and position — come out. He will bear of no exculpation. He heaps re proaches upon the agonised woman.. "You hare rained all my happiness. You have cast away my whole future. An unscrupulous man can do what he will with me, demand - what he chooses of me, order me about at pleasure, and I cannot utter a sound. And in this miserable fashion must I sink down and perish for a thoughtless woman's sake. Nora: When I am out of the way, you will be safe. Helmer: . Not at all. That is just the sort of argument your father always had ready for use. What good would it do me if you were out of the way as you say ? It would not be of the smallest use. He can publish the matter just as well ; and if ho once does that I shall certainly get the discredit- of having been an accom plice in yonr criminal action. People will perhaps think that I have stood behind you; that it was done at my instigation. And all this I owe to you, whom I have held up with my hands through our married life. Do you realise now what you have done to me? Nora (with cold tranquillity): Yes."- In tho midst of this stormy scene, and after Helmer has vowed that, whatever happens, -his wife shall never be trusted to bring up their children, a letter from their creditor arrives. The mediation has proved successful, and the forged acceptance is sont back. Helmer's mood at once changes. With the risk of ex posure removed, ho can see that his wife's offence was only one of love, and that it has been already expiated by throe terrible days of strained expoctancy. He is prepared to forgive and forget every thing. But Nora silently leaves tho room, exchanges her ball dress for a common morn ing one, and announces that she will not pass another night in tho house. "You distress me. says Helmer, and I do not understand you. Nora : No, that is just it. You do not un derstand me. And I have not understood you either till this evoning. I have boen treated veryunfairly, Torvald, first by papa, and after wards by yourself. Helmer : What, by us two, by us two, who have loved you more ar dently than the whole world beside ? Nora: You have never loved me. You have only fancied that it was nice to be in love with me. Helmer : But, Nora, what is the meaning of this? Nora : Yes, that is the fact, Tor- ' vald. When I was at homo in papa's house, he used to tell me all his opinions, and I had the same opinions ; or if I thought differently I concealed it, for he would not have liked me to disagree with him. He called me his doll-child, and used to amuse himself with me, as I played with my dolls. Then I passed into your house — Helmer : Why do you speak of our mar- riago in these terms? Nora, composedly : I -mean, then, I was handed over from papa to you. You arranged everything to your own taste, -and so I came to have tho same tastes as you, or pretended to have them ; I think there was a little of both in it. Now I look back upon it, it seems to me as if I have lived here like a' beggar— merely from hand to mouth. -I have lived by performing trieks for you, Torvald. But you would havo it so. . . Our home has been nothing but a play-room. I have been your doll-wife here just as I was papa's doll-child at home. And the children in turn have been my dolls. I thought it was delightful when you took and played with me, just as they thought it was delightful when I took and played with them. That has been our marriage, Torvald." Helmer tells lier that the play-time is now past, and that they will settle down in earnest to the work of education. - Nora answers that ho is not tho- man to educate her for what a wife should be, or to help her to educate herself ; she must go out into solitndo to begin tho work of education. " Have you no obligations," asks Helmer, " towards your husband and your children ?" " I have other equally holy obligations," replies Nora, " to wards myself." Helmor; "You are first of all wife and mother." Nora: "I do not think so. I think I am first of all a human being like yourself, or at least I shall try to become one." She goes on to explain that she will try to think over social relations, re ligion and tho obligations of society. Not un naturally, Helmer at last reproaches her with no longer loving him, And Nora replies that she has ceased to love him, since she found that he had not the courage to stand forward and shield his wife at the expense of his own reputation. " There is no one," ob jects Helmer, " who sacrifices his honor for the woman he loves." " A- hundred thousand women havo done as much," is the rejoinder, Tho scene ends with her leaving the house, after refusing to correspond with bim or accept money from him. He asks, in despair, whether lie can never be anything more than a stranger for her. "Ah, in that ease," she answers, "must the greatest miracle of all happen. You and I must be so- changed that our life together might be a marriage. Fare- well." We do not for a moment conceive that Nora's impetuous action — tho leaving home, children and husband, because -he whom she thought a hero has turned out to be a valet — represents Ibsen's last tlioaght upon conjugal duty. It lias been a necessity for him, as an artist, to conceive how a woman, brought up as a doll, but with a capacity for deep feeling and thought, would act in a sudden crisis ' which showed her the real world in which she was living. Entangled in a hope lessly false position, ashamed of her past happiness incomparably moro than of her : single indiscretion, Nora can only extricate herself by a violent, even a desperate act. We : pardon her leaving Helmer, because wo find it impossible to conceive that she could ever respect him again ; bat we feel that in real life she would be more or less than woman if she ' did not come back to him after a time for - the sake of her children. The essential thought of the drama lies in its indictment against the present bringing up of women. Treat women as the eternal , children of society— as playthings without the right to think or to will — and thoy will grow up shallow and tricky and mere pleasure seekers. When, however, a great crisis of life arrives, these creatures, whom the man lias ac- cusfomed to look to himself for guidance, will demand of him that he shall work miracles and that he shall be wise and heroic, and all that- ordinary humanity is not. The old idea of female purity, that a woman should belong exclusively to her lord, was tho product of times when a certain masterfulness— tho power to protect and to rule — was all, that was needed from the man. The newer conception of female purity, that a' woman is to belong only to herself, relieves the man of a perilous responsibility for tho woman's character, but exacts additional re- quirements as to his own. It is no .true marriage If he is not worthy of his wife. The other side of this thought is developed with ghastly power in the drama of Ghosts. Fru Alving in this drama has married a broken down man .of pleasure, partly to please her parents, and partly because she was disappointed in love. After a vain attempt to escape" from the degra dation of daily life, she discovers a secret intrigue,'has her husband in her power, and gets the complete control of his life and es- tate. She provides for the ruined girl by pur chasing a husband for her, and when- the clergyman to whom the story is told expresses his astonishment that any . man conld be bo degraded as to marry a fallen woman for 300 dollars, Fru Alving inquires, " .What do . yon say to me then, who deliber ately married a fallen man ? Pastor Manders : But God preserve as, what are you talking of? A fallen man ! Fru Alving : Do yon think Alving was purer when I went to the altar with him, than Johanna was when Eng- strand agreed to marry her ? Pastor Manders : Ah, but there is such an infinite difference ! Fru Alving ; No difference at all, except in the price — a paltry 300. dollars in one case, a Whole fortune in the other." In the presence of these terrible complications, Fru Alving has acted like nstrong conscientious woman. She has tried to moderate her husband's excesses, and has educated her son at a distance from home, where he cannot be corrupted by his father's example. The goal of her life seems gained. The husband is dead ; and the son, who has begun a career with some distinction as an artist on the Continent, has just' come back to his mother's house to live with her. He comes back with inherited rottenness in his hones, assured by the best doctors that his life must soon pay tho penalty of his father's vice, and drinking to drown thought. The last scene shows him struck down by paralysis, and his mother kneeling by bis side in agony. Tho sin of the father in dishonoring love, tho sin of the mother in marrying without love, are ghosts that cannot be exorcised from the house. Our readers may now judge for themselves whether there is any real obscurity in Ibsen's thoughts. No man dealing with the greatest problems of life can provide us' with a cut and dried morality that will suit every case alike. Nevertheless the ground thought of Ibsen's dramas seems simple enough. "Be thy self, man or woman, in the highest truthfulness of duty," he seems to say "or the laws of God will infallibly find thee out and scourge thee pitilessly." Nora has married without knowledge, and in this way without true love ; and her punish ment, tremendous as it is, gives a hope of tho purification and elevation of her char acter. Fru Alving, marrying a vicious man, whom she neither loves nor respects, is' inextricably entangled in the curse that waits upon sin. Yet it is not the violence done to in clination that has constituted Frn Alving's offence, but the deliberate abasement of personality. It may he said that Ibsen's conception of tho claims of character is at variance with tho claims of objective duty, and that taking A Doll's Home and Ghosts together, tho moral seems to be that persons in a false position should break loose from it at any cost, rather than allow themselves to sink under it into the mire.. We have not disguised that we think he shows a tendency to extreme indivi- dualism. At the same time it must be borne in mind that he is only true to the scientific thought of his age, in representing the fatality of our own acts as inexorable. Science knows of no compromises between right and wrong — no city of refuge between sin and death. 