NEWS BY THE ENGLISH MAIL. From the London letter i the Melbournc Argu dlated March 26, and other sources, we extract th following : TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The week has been marked by a new sensation The attack on Lady Florence Dixie, of which yeo will have heard by wire, has since Sunday passe through all the downward stages from that which i: terrifymg and alarming to that which is mcerelh cirious and interesting. What was originally re presented as a murderous outrage of the most shame inal and cruel character, and the work of the Fuenial conspirators, has now almost passed into the realm of fable. The friends of the lady and the lady her self are not unnaturally indignant at the more recen: direction of popular opinion, which finds aecurat, reflection in a chapter on " Female Hallucinations.' yesterday published in the British Melical Jourmelis. There is no desire to impute to Lady Dixie a want of hona fiides. It is evidently of the essence of at. hallucination that the truth pf the circumstance. should he firmly held by the victim, and there is n bad faith in allirming the absolute reality of thie occurrence imagined, or in sticking to it when th, thing is questioned. So much must be conceded iie favour of Lady Dixie. She has antecedents which help an to be generous. The lady herself has ridde. through the wilds of Patagonia on horseback, andl told the story of her adventm'ea in that remote region. She proceeded to Zululand, and took iup the case of Cetewayo, then claiming to be restored to his native kraal; and latterly bshe weotto Ireland to help the Laud League. Hiere herolffetrc of allianer were rejected, for what reason is not very clearly understood, and since then shite has had a keen re venge in commenting upon a missing wstun of £150,001 "lost" in the Land League accounts. In other wayv this active lady has achieved imucl notoriety. It is said of her that shie oncee horsewhipped an innocent gentleman found fishing on her domain at Windsor. and it is on record that she withdrew from theCourl of St. James's because she quarrelled with the Lord Chanmberlain se to the porteutous question of wearing "plumes," which were not to Lady Dixie's taste. The Douglas family have all of them made a name for eccentricity. Thie Marquis of Queensberry-the head of the house, and the brother of Lady Florence D)ixie-is a great patron "of the nuoblce art of self defence." He is by profession an "agnostie," which the plain Scottish people call an atheist, and only recently he was deprived of his seat in the House of Lords by the Scottish peers. Since then lie has ap peared at the Globe Theatre to denounce the Laureate's " Promise of May," in which the opinions of the Free-tlJcin'er were, as hlie said, held up to vulgar caricature. His lordship's brother is at the other pole on theological matters, having some years ago gone over to the Church of Rome. This gentleman has also somewhat of a name. lHe established, and has since managed, in the inte.rents of his Church, a a home for boys at Paddington. On the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of the chapel of tihe homne, certain of the inmates were sprinkled with water from the holy well of Lourdes, and one, who was an epileptic in a bad state, as it was represented, imme diately biegan to walk. A miracle was declared to have been wrought, and, but for the intervention of the doctor of the institution, who wrote to say that hie had been expecting the boy to walk for days pre viously, this event might have been added to the other unimpeachable records of such circumstances. Quite lately the elder sister of Laxly Florence, who had been engaged in the management of this home with her brother, took it into her head to marry the boy-haker of the estahblishment, to the great scandal of "society," and, to finish iup the story, it may be recalled that the Dowager Marchinnesa of Qucqin berry was years ago remarkable for the pecunsary assistance andl the gushing letters she regularly sent to certain I ish " patriots' of the old school. It is to matters of this kind, as much as to the absence of evidence of the perpetrators of the supposed outrage, tlhat popular opinion concerning this event is due. Sir G. Jessol, who died on Wednesday, was per haps the most competent lawyer on the English Judicial Bench. He was a Jew, ard the first of his race who has saton the Bench of the Supreme Court in this country. In the last days of bin career at the bar his professional income averaged from £20,000 to £23,000 a year. ATTACK ON LADY FLORENCE DIXIE. No asmall scausatioa was causedn, however, by the report that Lady Florence Dixie lJee attckfl. near Wincor. She wao struck idwtEwan nil g by two assassins disguised as women, and armed with daggers or knives, and saved only by the interven tion of a very powerful dog which she hail with her. Surely this is the war of dostards, was'the first thought of our general poublic, followed quickly by wonder as to what.outrage might next -be, tried. This feeling was modified by later acbount?s The lack of confirmatory circumstaictees' cabied a doubt as to the actual facts, and alarm was asucceeded by curiosity. Nor can it ihe said that the mystery is yet cleared up. In this state of affairs I cannot do better than give Lady Florence Dixie's own version of what occurred, as communuicated to The Timesa. Let me premisce that Sir Beaumnat and Lady Florence Dixie reside at The Fishery, on the Berks shore of the Thames, two miles and a half above Windsor : "The particulars are short, and I can write little, because my hands are -cut and painful I was out walking near The Fishery last evening, about half past 4, when two very tall wdmen came ulp and asked me tihe time. I replied that I had notgot imy watch with me, and, turning, left them. Opeinog a small gate which led into the private gsoiuds of Captain Broeklehurst, of the Blunes, I made towards a stile, and was just going to get over, when I heard the gate open behind, and the two women followed mle in. Somehow or othecr, I felt all was not right, so I stopped, and leant against the rails, and then, as they camce on, went to meet them. Ome on the right caine rapidly forward and seiz?el se by tie neck, when by the strength of the clutch I felt it wans no woman's power that pulle.l me down to the ground. In anothec second I saw the otiher would lie womnc over me, and remember seeing the steel of the knife seme straight down upon cme, driven by this person's hand. It struck through my clothes aind against the whalelone of my stays, which turned the point, metily grazing the skin. The knife was quickly withdrawn aid plunged at mce again. I seized it with bIoth hands, and shouted nas loud as I could, when the person who first pulled me down pushed a large handful of earth into any mouth and nearly choked me. Just as the knife was wreeched fromn my hands a very big and power fil St. Iernard log I hal with me broke through the wood, and the last thing I remember was seeing the person with the knife pulled backwards by him. Then I heard a confused sound of rumbling of wheels, and I remember no moare. WVhenu I came to myself I was quite alone, Fromn what 1 saw of the hknife I believe it to be a dagger, and the persons were undoubtedly men. They were dressed in long clothes, and were unnaturally tall for women. The man who stabbed me had on a thick veil, reaching hbelow his mouth : the other was nurciled, but his face I did not notice much. This is all thil infirusm tion I can give. Mly headl is very coufnscal andl painful, and I expect they must have stunined me. This is a wretched scrawl, linbut ny hauds aar very nmucli cut, and it pain n me much to write." The dog-keeper who maet Lady Ilorence Dixie when she was nmating her way through the platta tina, after regaining counsciousnesns, ?as made the following statemenot :-" I was coming to the garden, when I suddenly saw her ladyship walking along the plantation. It was ashout ihalf-past 4. lHer month was covered with mud. I dliI not notice her lady ship's hat or clothes, nor did I perceive that t.in gloves which slhe wore were emt and hilr hlalaa Iced ing. I do not recollect that her ladi ip said any thing beyond remarking, 'Two men have been try ing to do for ime.' I myself was so frightcned at her condition that I did not ask her for any details of what happened, but eontmined myself to getting liaher home ais fast as I Collalt. Sihe was ill a very exhaumstedl state-was trembling, andl could hlardly lift her feet from the ground, lfer ladyship looked as white as at ghost. though usmually sie had plenty of col aur in he,' face. 1 also noticed that her mouth, where the dirt was, appearled to he one-sided. I got her in doors as quickly ans I cohul, she taking my aria diuring the remainder of tihe jonuraney. When sheI cuterel the hall, alhe sank into a chair perfectly ix ltounstf l." Sir Beaumant Dixic says that lIne finrst saw hris wife ill the hall on her return from the pIlantiation oil Saturday afternoon. She was as pale ais death, aind tremilling from head to foat. inHe was perfectly Satisfied that what she had denscrilaI took place, for when she came in she was "all to pieces." lie notioed dlirt on tlhe hark af l r .hacd, as if Alhl hal inten til thi griainl. Wlhethsr ti.hear wa aaiiiy mioll in the dress he coill not nay. \\\'han Lady henlraec was lirst brought into the hall thmre was no pei a cpt ible pulsation of her holly, nor cod her heart heat. He wemnt the next morning, with a superintendent of polle, to tihe spot where the struggle took pilace. There were trnees on tlhe gruand. For instaiine, he dlistinctly recollected noticing the imprintof one foot. a largenome, which wasevridently that of a man, going around the bush. The boot was nailed all around. There were evidences that the ground had been die. tnrbed. Theimprint fthe dog's pawe-otuld4iem w'ise he seen. At that point the ground rose slightly. ihe imprints of the feet would li about a quarter of as inch deep. It was only at the end of Jansq last that he received a letter threatening hine that if lie dlid not keep his wife quiet he would, hbave a hole through his skin. He had previously in Ireland reocived several threatening letters, audnow, whp ever he went out, he carried a "eix-shooter"? with him. Sir Beaumont thinks thelxplanatioc ct the assault is that it was intended for intimidatloe. Edward Aldrich, the butler to Sir Beasiutnont Dixie, made a statemenit to the following effect:--"On Saturday last, between 3 and half-past. standiugion the steps of the hall door, I saw two women. in light, loose clothes, in the lautation. They we'gs lMop. isg. apparently to pick the primrpose asnd violets to le fosnd there ; sut I noticed at the snne time that they were constaintly looking *wards thp .apuse. lThey stared very hard. I noticed thei 'there for fully five minutes. They seemed to be rather stout and elderly. The dresses which they wore seemed to be a bit loose about the upper portion of their bodies. They appeared to be crawling rather than picking up flowers. They were both 'dt.'4eil'alike, but I cannot say that their garments were identical. That was the only occasion on which I naw them, but I should state that on the 19th s Fo Febtiarfl saw a man in the plantation picking flowers, while there was a woman in the roadway walking abreast of him. I fix the date by particular. entries in my diary of expenses havliwhich I disbursed on that day. She-had a dark boncet on, while thsclo.wmas dark, loose, and shabby one," As'iirih u! violets are'in great request in the Lsdniisar this season, thefacts thus dejosed tohdlfit i f' selves no significance. Apparently more to the point ls a etatement of Frederick Rowe, a butler of Oolonnt arford,gho was passing near the plantation. l He atoed to pat a dog, when hie suddenly saw, within 150 yardsof him, two personswho.'lsoked- tohewomen" -a somewhat extraordinary phrage,.,by-the-way. They appeared so suddenly as to .asurprise him. Looking round again, he saw that-they were big women, and they were then closeetothearsall gate leading to the spot where the attacc wahsidde. On the other hand, the authorities arelperplexed hby a statement which has been asde.by,Grdves, the gardener in the cssploy of Captainu roBellhburat, of The Willows. lie alleges that:at tle timetin ques-. tion he wasr engaged in potting geraniumslahd other plants at a distansce of not more thian thity yards from the spot, hint heard ni sodtinlvwhtever from the direction of the fence,- anid certainly dirt no per. sons struggling on the ground..: Indeed,tit was not until some time after that lie became aware of the outrage that had been commnisitteld within aso short a distance.of where he was working,. )Ir, iPnnicott, the proprietor of the Surly Hall Hote61, i'likewise on his premises, at the rear ,of the house, .qsout a quarter to 5. The groiunds eope'geistftddwsn'to the hank of-the Thames, andi fiom the loihtht which he stood he states that hie could easily command a clear view of -the spot where the essaultotasltihsle. He, too,neitherheardanynoise norwitnessed anystruggle. \- LadyPlorence's -uiaid bas adesciled':the?ttain which she found her mistress when called to her aid. Sihe was whith as death'; there whal md4-onhndface and on her-teeth and guns.. , , ,: The articles of clothing, inolndig he gloves, which Lady Florence Dixie wore bahye te xeed at Scotland Yard.. Time glove sap: ptadpf avy stout maturial, and are 1iued in pdditin.,,Qhhe right-hand glove there is a cigisgouc ear .y? jh and a half in length, at.a point,witre s could cover the fieeiy side of the plin of the hand. 'The peecliar feature about the cnut is its width in the centre 1srobahly the aevesth-ir eighth of asjarch..-acsnthe stregilsrand jagged incicios--thetrkeihub c Wllean cut such as one would expect frp? a sligitp instr. met-that the dagger has made: iOn the nner lin ing of the glove e lood- stains are ti?ib ainly de tected. though not to such an extent as to justify the expression '"saenrateLd." Juogig hy,thq ap. pearance of the lining, the flow of'ldood intislhave been. very blight ilndeedl. 'In::the' d, h if- the left hand glove, with which Lady Floreneqe'g3h she first seized the descending blade, there is a far cleaner cut, sopewhere about three-quarters of an inch. In this case, too, the cut appears in an almost ldilstical place-viz., thehlesfhypart ofth' pialm. The lining of the left-bhund glove also reveyals -traoseof blood, though tila soDewhat .piso, eiteAd.:",At the .tjrie when, the outrage took place her ladyehip'had on a heavy bloe serge dress: T'hse hhirsat,'etb in the dres? is to' he seen high ep;-?.asvb' the bosom. There is a slit fully two inchecs:iilength. The weapon pnitatetd " through the uuder- linen,. in which the cuts are djeoerinihle? apparently striking with some force.-against one of the ateel ribs -of the siorst. :. Tie, pointp:4ripontact is marked by the tearing of the cotton on which the steel is enceehd.. : The blow must have been one of considehable 'violence, -as the-blade; -after -breaking the upper parti of tilie stay' 'lanced off and struck the corset on the epposite side of the fastening. The signs of ths second stluhshi ia-Ild sisdlbf.5ly Florence to have:been igiveu ri.etlvilt"3.lbe. low the upper oius1 and- in this" &Ab; too, the blade seems to have penetreated close to the fastening of the dress. Thereskiditwo -.itiidtissittid tdite close together. The weapon seems to hs;ilhchde&through; the dreso, l&netrated;'the1insn i?nl;igthgllls struck the steel of the corsdet, kn:s, mgl nesgc ffdo h ms i would seem to have gone san bbliqe dlreetionu makiun ak n iuesion in the flannel ite?s hich her ladyshlup wore beneath the coeel-uab'it elghtly grazed the skin. The cht in the jerseyle'a ek''y lean one, and is fnlly half-an-inch In length l111 , een the upper and lower-out one of the,butto?ish eliiinfg to the dress lias disapearded, s"i?hile the edge of the dress very near to the place wher'lhe butt uld bei' slightly torn. Lsty Florence ?bsie'h able te aecosnlst fai this tear,, fnd st haso hsat difficult to conceive hose th1e bl- de, Apneatig'laeed olf the corset at the seenad hstab trstdlled as it did and pierced the jersocy at sa lose a point. Not the faintesut trace of hblood is diaerniblhonlithsjtjtuey. It were-isulsss'to disguie the-fact that the whole story, as thus far tested, is rogarcdsi wvith very eon siderable intredulity, . So farihap thlis, gpe that the British Afllcnl Joeralt pubhliselts :tir artiole on " Fenale llallciaeimtions," givinsg pane inthentieated illastrations,and pointing thl publcl e ?hir applica. tion. The subject is so personal aud s1lieate that it cannot hbut,e discussed with a er'tio reserve, yet it Is siecessary 'is the puiblic interest that the actual facts should be known. Thie po?lee are per llexel, if not heeptical, for they cani'get no clue to the adventof these two women i the neighbourhood, and, supposing that the disguise was donned iu the fields, might not the ineri who carried it have been tracked ? But then, toon. many-outrages have been perpetrated and xio clue found till long after. Would two murderers go so far, andsot.gosmplete.their hloouly work? Might ,sot Lody Pflo-ehee have fallen, asnd been frightene ? ,She )u brought serious accusation against the Lanmd Let'ne mosleFac not have feam"ed the revenge of- it uiiscerhet Friends! Al ight not the 11'estminater exkplhisio'have quickened this feeting, and hier reason suddlenly have reeled under a false dealrm? lhut then, whatusf;tle cute in iherdrIss? All th.es gsstionus, nupd otlsrs, have hions ,hehats'if with more or ihso- uh jdity, ..If thie alisor he a i attempt at nsmsination, it, is tar too b?tve i hoe alUowed to le forgotteni,. Snpiose there i'c any "hallscinatios" anys-here, "t wuould yet he one of the nsost resmrktale eases on record. litdy Fhosence Dixie, though soe lss disclinsh hi see any doitor-"doctoro she never sees"--"prsjta in every deteil of her statement. The eccetidieitiea of the i',embers of her family, some of which have been, recalled as psychoaphyslcal esideii'e, must not lie usshuly pressed against her. Her own marked originality has leen shown in ninny ways; shie is a woosan of snnsuisil intelluectual power aud prorage. In her last shatiment she bitterly repeoachps the authirities for not doing more -to dinsovqr her anssilants, asst declares her convietion that t?eiy were nut l,'ian:i. The thiory that inttiii?datioi' or a coarse practical joke was intended, rather than muiurder. leviyes the mystery of thei cirenmistaeces almost as gartit. Lady Florciex Dixie went to Ireland some time since to study the land qilestion. She saw reason to diitrust the Le:gueie, and subsequoently piilished a letter in Th". Ties on the uihject oft te funds raised bythat; body. Coilectiig fie? therSeer.uo'e./?n.Ie'ned all ocounts of ni y, ireceived anild spent, she iol tained a total of C277,3Xi2 18,., of which no less than £l]i2,OSS i0. llid. remainted uooaieontrd for. The rc ipte of the reague itself bioing £142.028 17o id., and the acknowled ged ixpeinditue only £17,430 0\. 41. It is not implied ececsaorily that tiaee have biu ,lerfai?ltiuic. Iri, t h.e aiiley ihaoo le: pentj t on hlgitimatet otje?els. why is tit the inforlmation girven ' Hier ladyship's a:tioi in this matter might. it was tthoghlt., have iImade her ?eenics, wiho now soughlt the peculiar ireteane of the d.otard "brother. hood." I should a ll that Ladly Flore?tie ie t youegest isteer of tie MoIU? id oh llti,,oine1-ey: Tiw (Qtiuo sentc_ eral times to in?qitite iftir hier health, the riice of Wailes wrote, and i inoilees of letteo have.' since 11o01ll in on her expressive of sympathy, with some few of a threatening character. 