SHIPS AND SAILORS. CIUHBKBS'S JOURNA1,. If tho uineteonth century has caused an un ceasing modification in the conditions of labor ashore, it lias affected still more profoundly the lot of those who toil on the sen. Tho ancient mariners who manned our war-ships and mer cantile marine a generation ago, were quite a different race from those of tile present day. In dress, in discipline, in ideas, in aspiration, the modern seaman differs from his predeces sors, and each year induces further changes ; such changes being inevitable, from the hour that ships began to be influenced by the accelerations of the century, Steam navigation demands men of a different typo from those who floated leisurely in the " wooden tubs," as wind and weather permit ted. In dofianco of the liurricnno, in tho teeth of adverse gales, in mockery of the "doldrums' aud calms of every sort, the stoam-drivon vessel goes on to her destination. A'oyaes that once occupied months have been reduced to weeks. Tho sailor's mind is kept in a state of continual alacrity. His perauml share in the conflict with nature is greatly reduced - and each development of modern navigation tends to morge the mariner into a part of the floating machine. In tho sailing ship, indi vidual bravery and smartness had immense scope for display, when storm and man fou«ht for mastery in thegiddy heights where topmasts bent under the strain like coachmen's whips. No coward was equal to the conflict that r.ved in that upper region ; no bungler could furl the struggling anil, that wrenched and strained like a living thing. Monkev-like agility heroic courage, dare-devil emulation, were needed in the fearful crises to which cverv sailing ship was exposed. The wild tameless lads who "would go to sea" found in the storm those terrific antagonisms that brought out tho man in them ; and the wild energy of nature and humanity wero thus happily neutral ised. On board steamships, there is no need of such men. Thoughtful, cautious, reflective navi- gators are wanted, who kuow how to elude the whims and ouprices of Neptune ; and who can contrive to get at the secret of the old gods humors, instead of merely battling with them. Heterology is studied, ocean currents are ticked, the genesis and behavior of storms suentihcally examined. The grand object is to get from port to port with the utmost cole- rity and certainty to make ocean voyages' as calculable as land journeys. Seamanship has entered upon an absolutely new phase, and nnHTI , T'\ f ?no4hor kM "»»> the gallant slow witted sea dogs that had suited ruder times. For, mingled with the bravery of tlieso ancient tars, thero were superstitions and prejudices that made them hostile to the march of the age. Long after ghosts, goblins and portents ceased to have any influonco upon tho conduct of landsmen, they continued to inhabit the watoh8 "Have T .P ComPany with tho night Jonos ,was honoredand revered, when his fellows ashore wero scofTed into eternal oblivion. The old-fashioned sailor when making his money fly with his boon- companions at homo or abroad, was a man of W shT ' Hl.B.oatha were appalling to longshore men ; his conceptions of religion strangely pagan, liut on board ship, amid the quietude of its monastic routine, away from undthennT1' 3wi,"6"!S between high heaven and the unknown depths of ocean, a toy in the lThene3imeo 1 ""d WAter' the sobered tar became deeply conscious that lie lived among preternatural marvels, and that the phenomena surrounding him were stupendously mysterious. Ihe fearful changes that passed over the firmament and the sea; awful dark ness pamted with lightning fires . black nfcht seas glowing with phosphorescent clea ns ' sunsets like a world in' like an infinite pool of blue oil; raging, pitiless and sehd! cLth g- ?vor the bulwarks, a id seising the seaman with a mighty clutch— all these variations of nature's moods had deep to8do wkh1; r'la BalofulaP"tes had much to do with the monstrous agitations that super- veued m the watery worfd. It was neS to bo on good terms with thorn. Science at tempting to explain tho origin of tempests the phosphorescence of the sea, the Gulf stream trade winds aud other wonders, was considered with'tl.ABer0US' blasphemous meddling 1 ol CnC6r"Y,f tl,C ma''yn powers presid- lii over these departments of the world. But superstition faded under the dominion 0 steam at sea, as it did on Bhore. becomo 113 dubious as Nop- ' '\n i"01-0. ProP''iated than yEoIub. 1 Lfln . "Xle 01 marinera ia n the wane, shim W iaV beoom8 "ion of another order, i wmt Ant If,? lnore mndified by tho endless orhdn of « 0f.th8.PMt ''all century. From the w 1 ,« lnT'ga W1 unt,! »r own times, wood man ami f -8!1? an0e "'"P1 for floating orkl w T V,0r tbo Wator waya of the notaliia changed all that ; and now rc7"'«0 tr-ar faiit supplanting wooden „ ? oouroe of time a vessel of the as great a curiosity as the sede Wnn V "- Before iron began to super- sunnl'mfi metal'' "t'giug bad commonced to rnno m!l mP> 4o tho derision of sailors and ?' Wh Pl;Pll03i0'l that such new thus silnrn W0,Uld be ruinoU8 to our mari- met will, t?ay' raPr(,ved steering apparatus furiim , «-i 8am,e objeotions ; machines for bv the 7 Tr o'cutl upon with contempt hy tl cmen who were to be benefited by tliem. very ot -1 80ii "! an Rbip seomed the a of ?bsurd'ty. steam had been unon if, mvas!on of landsmen's notions etsl m f a 1 b,lt 4,1,8 building ships of r„p'n, ,\a3 ovory 0110 ltnows sinks like a crime Tl Watir' was bttle better than upon th.. re0C f tho Great Britain ca»t of Ireland gave an im- sailors P!S.naucy to the criticism of objecting these imn' W."s a B|g"al instance of what Groat Brifn 0ru woulU como to! Tho licet thai 7ThePloneor of tho metallio existence T? nVe the, woden ships out of she was n. u g upon 4,10 Ruudrum shore, such l warning to keop clear of uutiinoW ""'ovations. AlSs for old ideas and lifted from 'h 1,1 ' tbi G,oat B«tain was ana becfim» fr BUPP8et fino resting -place, prnfitahlo obf ?i f&umus;,' auccoraful and o 1|<)r ' timo, Thoiwinda of fnftk by biff |q Aim. mm mi mm $ m brought by her . to England. Tho Great Eastern was another example of failuro that old sailors rejoiced to instance. Truly, Brunei's Leviathan has been unprofitable to her owners; from the timo of her launching until the pre sent hour, Bho has been a maritime white elephant. But it is a pity that individuals should have to bear the charges of the grand audacity that Brunei perpetrated ; for the Great Eastern has perhaps done more to extend civilisatiou than any other ship that lias sailed tho sea. By her indispensable aid, the Atlantic telegraph cable was laid, an instru ment which lias blessed mankind, and will for all future time. If the inhabitants of Europe and America over feci grateful for tho improve ments of the last twenty years, they should not forget how muoh tho Great Eastern has contributed to them. Bo- sides her aid in telegraph development, the big ship furnished tho oxperienco that is now causing bo great a change in the tonnago of our mercantile fleets. For years after her con struction, it was universally believed that she was the first and the last of tho leviathans. Her voyages had been marked with disasters, which wero attributed to lior unmanageable propor tions. Then, instead of clipping through tho ocean billows as steadily as a train running over lnnd, she rolled like a vast log in the water; and so far from eliminating sea-sickness, inflicted special agonies upon her passengers. And a yet more serious objection was urged, that in case of shipwreck, the loss of life might bo appalling; for the Great Eastern could carry 1000 or 5000 emigrants. Tho same objection npplied to her as a military transport. In an- emergency, 10,000 troops could be carried by her, and it was urged with much plausibility, if she went down with such a large proportion of our small army, that a national panic would result. So tho Groat Eastern has passed tho greater part of her existence like a worn out hulk. She furnishes another instance of the great law of progress — namely, that invention must wait on experience. Brunei and his financial supporters were ahead of their time. Now, mankind hnvo begun to catch them up. Further invention, the more urgent demands of our broader civilisation, improved navigation, the spread of population in tho United States aud Australasia — all these compel ship owners to increase the dimensions of their ves- vels. Each year tho comparisons between the first leviathian and her sisters grow less; and it is not rash to believe that even the phenomenal proportions of theGreatEastern mayyet be sur passed. Tho Servia, the City of Home nnd the recent Aurania of 7500 tons, prove that a great change has come over the opinions of those concerned with ocean transport. Tho whole tendency of our time is towards tho aggregate of effort — tho massing of capital and labor. A ship of 5000 tons can be built cheaper than five ships of 1000 tons. In the working, thero is n still more striking oconomy. One captain, instead of five, and so on through the whole crew, engineers, stewards, nnd the rest. In the purveyance for passengers, 5000 cost less than 1000 proportionately. Nor is that all Large ships can bo propelled quicker tliau small ones, if the whole conditions of construc tion, engineB, and propellers be observed. Large ships have more space for coal stowage,, a most important matter in ocean traffic, for the economy of timo and money. These con siderations are further assisted by several great advances made in marine engines and in the material of tho hull. Compound engines introduced a vast economy into steam naviga tion ; but with improved boilers and methods of generating steam, a still greater economy will be effected ; and it may soon come to pass that our ocean leviathans will be driven with a much less coal expenditure than at present, and by propellers more powerful and more easily managed than tho screw. Speed, however, has become the first desideratum : afloat, as on shore. But speed must be ac companied by safety. What the traveller wants is to get quickly to the end of his journey, not to the end of his lifo. In this all-important question of safety, some of the shrewdest minds have been and are still engaged. Ships are built in flotable sections, so that in case of wreck or collision, if one part bo injured, tho others will not sink. Indeed, it followed as a matter of necessity that iron Bhips should be made buoyant by novel devices, seeing that in case of disaster wood had the advantage. Thus, the effort has all along been to join Btrength wifch elasticity, llcceut improve ments in making stoel, now place in tho ship builder s hand a material that seems equal to any mishap that even ocean navigation may be liable to. Mild steel appears to bo a sort of metallic indiarubbor that will stand any amount of strain, or impact, without fracture. For some time steel lias boon taking the place of iron, from its greator strength and lightness combined now that this new kind is intro duced, having still greater advantages, and as the cost of it will be doubtless reduced by its growing employment, we may see an accelera tion of the maritime revolution which has been going on for half a century. The ships which are Bwift and sure will certainly drive out those which aro slow and unsafe. Compe- tition is feverishly active in every avenue of business, and in nono more than the mercan tile marine. The Alaska, of the Guion T.ln- haB shown that tho Atlantic can bo crossed within seven days ; not by good luck, but by good ongines, right course, and resolute navi gation. Messrs. Inman hnvo discarded tho City of Home because she has not speed, nnd they doubtless will replace her by a ship that will at least equal the Alaska, perhaps surpass her. At any rate wo may bo sure that Messrs. Inman will avail themselves of the last achievements in naval architecture and engi neering. Nor is it only among British ship owners that competition obtains ; thero are signs on the other side of the Atlnntio that the ocean is to be crossed in a yet shorter time than our own steam greyhounds require. The dome ship Meteor, now building on tho Hud son, is expected to go from New York to Queen3town in little over five days j she is to run at the rate of 2s miles an hour In many respects' the Meteor is a marine novelty, boing decked over, so as to glide through the At lantic surgeB instead of over them, She has no masts Experience alone can demonstrate if she is to accomplish what her designer ox- peots ; but whether she fails or not, it is cer tain that the next few years will witness many further experiments in ship construction, in methods of propulsion, aqd iq ooqqqiqies oon, peotpd with hfjtl), W, Tfaqiil PlotBL fhfl flJIlf' from his remarkablo achievements in other de partments of physicB, it may well bo that he will win further successes in this new field. It is said that he expects to crosB the sea at the rate of 37 miles an hour. Such Bpoed would produce an extraordinary change in the com mercial relationships of mankind, and would hasten that redistribution of nations that is now going on so fast in America and Austral asia. And lately there has entered upon tile scene a new agent, that may have incalculable results upon navigation and navigators. It is electricity. A year or two ago the public of Paris were shown an electric boat, designed by M. Trouvc, and experimented by him upon the Seine. Although but a large toy, it proved that electricity was capable of being applied as a maritime motor. The experiment was quite as successful as the early attempts to propel vessels by steam ; and those who knew how great tho progress of electrical art has been of late years, had no doubt that it would eventually be applied on a larger scale. Such has como to pass. On the 29th September, 1881, an electric launch, 2(1 feet long and 5 feet broad, drawing 2 feet of water, having on board four passengers, went from Milivall to London Bridge — a distance of nearly four miles — at a speed of eight knots an hour against the tide. The return journey was made in 24 minutes. It was calculated that tho electric energy expended was equal to three aud ono-elcventh horse power, This striking proof of tho capability of electric propulsion will soon be followed by demonstra tions on a still larger scale, and by which the commercialvalueof 'such a motor can be further tested. After all, the question of navigation is decided by economy. Steamships are super seding sailing ships simply on their commer cial merits. _A steamer costs much more than a sailer, and is much more expensive to navi- gate. But it will make three or four voyages to the Bailer's one ; and calculated by cost per mile sailed, and per ton of cargo and per pas senger transported, the Bteamer is found to be far cheaper than its rival. So it will be with electric ships — they can succeed only on their commercial merits. Electricity, however, is in the same tentative condition that steam was a century ago. Who can say to what extent the subtle power may be applied ere a hun dred years elapse ? But be they great or in significant, one thing is certain — sailors will bo still farther changed from the type of the ancient mariners we know in our boyhood than they are to-day. Sailing ships will dis appear as the isthmuses of the world are pierced and the old routes are discarded, Tho Suez Canal has caused a revolution in itself ; and if Panama be ever cleft, the trade of the world will again bo metamorphosed. Each improvement in tho craft demands a corres ponding improvement in the sailor ; no longer is Jie expected to be a mero animal of toil, but an intelligent link in a chain of causes work ing out the welfare of the world. Tho Bteam- tiller enables him to steer the huge monsters ho controls as easily as a skiff ; the steam winch has relieved him of the labors of haul ing ; the rapidity of his transits from port to port has relieved him of tho dreary monotony of long voyages ; and better food and treat ment have raised him in the scale of liumanitv. In a word, the lot of the sailor pnrtakes of the ameliorations going on among the humbler toilers of tho world. Althongh improvement has certain disadvantages attending its first stepB, these disappear. No doubt the age of steam lias introduced into our mercantile ma. rine a vast number of foreigners, to the injury of our own tars in the matter of pay, and to the detriment of the nation's maritime strength in case of a great and prolonged naval war. But such was inevitable, as Great Britain lias supplanted the shipping of so many foreicn nations. The decline of apprentices, the em ployment of "ordinary" seamen, the poor wages of able seamen, and the profitableness of the fishing industries, have all contributed to limit the numbers of British sailors, and thereby to increase the number of foreigners sailing under our flag. Still the royal navy is manned by splendid fellows, as tho Egyptian war proved ; and in case of a supreme struggle with the naval powers of other peoples, England would find no lack of heroes to keep up her traditions. And when the ma ritime business of tho world has further deve loped, when Africa and Asia aro further in cluded in the domain of international com merce, the condition of tho British Bailor will be higher than at any previous time. Taking him altogether, he is the best mariner that sails the sea ; and he is better capable of adapting himself to changes than his competi tors. Whatever be the advantages of other nations in soil, climate or industry, the British, as tho carriers nnd navigators of tho ocean, have no superiors ; and tho progressive civili sation of the world means tho increase of our maritime grandenr. 