AUSTRALIAN POETRY. ^lACkTSLAi'S NEW 2EALANDER. .fBsr-y'.'Bittrj.'TON Stephens.*] little profits that, an idle Man, On this worn arch, in sight of wasted halls, mope, a solitary pelican, And glower and .-glower for -ever on Saint "Paul's;— "■•Will no soft-hearted mortal he so very ^"Obliging as to Tow mc o'er the ferry? ■ "!TTere tliree-and-forty years I've stood estranged, A dream of ruin all around me stretching; X "And-centuries- shall see me yet unclianged, Even in act to sketch, but nothing sketching; -"Mutely immutable, eonstrain'dly still, Tpfilli nought to stand against, except my will. A wondrous-lot is mine; ye bide your doom Till men say'Viiit: mine begins ere birth ; -"A lonely ghost projected from the womb Of^Timc-to-come, ITingcr now on earth. Ye vertebrates date back, while T. commence \--My weary-present in'ih&f; ature tense. \- - A weird eidolon; a horn-paradox; A fixture framed of incorporeal particles; "Yet dropped'in many an Editorial box, Blown thence in squibs, * -Or hurled -in Beading Articles; ■ A Nomad, though ray permanent address is In Yolume Second of Maeaulay's Essays. 'I was not'bom of woman'- (see Macduff— Nor stare to liear my lore sofar en tends; The sire who bore me trafficked in such stuff, And had his Shakespeare at his finger-ends: The quitch is in the blood—such blood as ghost has; I know astmich-as he; at least, almost as). I was not'bom of woman; gave-no yjain; Through "110 "preliminary stage did-pass; \- But sprang, a Pallas, from MacaulayVbrain, ■Though not, like her, with spear and helm of brass; -My spear, a pencil of Queensland plumbago; ■ My casque, a felt one—latest from ©tago. AndThereirf'Hes the sting of dllT 'bear— That after broodjug awes on "lrrine arcb, And trcHsuring'whiit the centuries prepare, Antl "noting whfttrye proudly term the March ■"-Of Progress, and "assimilating all "Thelong result of Time," from Locksley-hall;— That after seeing all that mortal can, That after learning all that man can learn, -This forecast shade, already more than man, Must-go-and be a baby in' its turn! "I've got to go and'be a'little kid, "When old perhapa as'Cheops'"Pyramid! I've got "to wear a little purllcd cap; Pass through, perchance, some brutal mode of swaddling; To gather tissue from a bowl of pap; To undergo no end of molly-coddling; To be brought np'byTiau'd, or, worse and worse, To be a parasite upon a nurse. "And in duc-comse this culturfed soul of mine MustleaTn its "Catechism by easy'Stages: -And sundry rods shall yet be steeped in brine, To stimulate the bcir of all the ages; And men shall file away with prose and rhyme To sharpen me, the foremost fitc- bf'tirne. T pray you ."purist,"faint not at the word; For in the distant day whereof I speak, Tour chastened phrases shall be held absurd; What you call slang shall be our Attic "Greek; And every man be file, or~bloke, or-cove; And bloods mike oath by Gum, instead of Jove! For standinghere, immovable and dumb, An arch-Stylites, birth,' not' death, awaiting, "Faint inklings reach me of the time to come, Beneath the loud To-day reverberating; And I could tell of things so strange and wiid, "Your wisest don would feel himself a child;— ' Could show up many a now-belauded quackery; Could "play the deuce with'haliyour saints and. sages; Could settle for-youwhethef'Boz-or-JFhflckeray Shall be the admiration of the ages; Ana whether Morris, Swinburne, and Rossetti Shall number with the great, or with the petty;— Could tell how empire shall have changed its place, But mufit ndt "blow," although an 'Australa sian : Could tell you which shall be the"rulingTace, ' But may not sliock'tbe orthodox Caucasian, Nor dare your curiosity assuage, Lest I should make half-castes become the rage;— Could tell you quite a fairy tale of science, And wonders in Political Economy, That set yonr 'time-worn statutes at defiance, And hold them out of date as Deuteronomy: The darky, boss; the trashy white, a "brudder;; Alan at the prow, and woman at the rudder;— "How all "shall go'by natural selection; No man Slowed'to live unless good-looking; How love shall vent'itself'in vivisection, And charms be rated subsequent"to cooking; How girls, instead of knitting sofa-covers, Shall spend their leisure in tatooing lovers; And how "magnetic "belts with dazzlingliues Shall draw-unwilling arms around the waist; How damsels to enhance their lips shall use Odyllic force condensed into a paste; And woo the bashful from his slow simplicity "With cakes of dessicated electricity -,— How education, as-a general rule, "Shall be conducted by familiar spirits; How "circles" shall he"formed:in-every school, And rappings shall reward superior merits; And liow the spectroscope, applied to spectres, Shall re-enact all history, en-reflectors;— And how your vaunted patents and inventions Shall be for playthings to the great "hereafter; And all your philosophical pretensions Be themes of inextinguishable laughter; Your engineeringiform for future times The droll machinery of pantomines. Your steam—your boast! What "is it but. a vapour? Or what more fleeting simile will do: 'Twill he effete as—let me see—what paper? Eureka!—Bay,'the "Saturday Review!" Whose name, 'indeed, shall'live—simply because These lines give token such a paper tvax. For there be those whose memory shall Tot, And pass, und'beas'it'h.fd never been; Of sueli my "famed'progenitor's'is not; Valhalla holds him;in the high serene;— My Prospero! 'Oh may lie prosper where he is, Untouched by tbat-vneuviaBle caries! For though I dumbly execrate'the 'day When first lie chained me here, alorn eidolon, To be a literary popinjay, And market-stock for every sucking Solon, Be Hyperborean calm his'long reward! I'm proud of him; you know, be was alord, Mundanes, I say Good-bye, as on ye march; I fain would- shake .your hands, but can't get at you,— My prison-ruin waiting'in the arch, As in the marble waits thefuture statue. T hato you, London-bridge'! And'if Saint Paui'is A name I loathe, the 'faiilt is Lord M acaulay's. Witlings, a -word: bring me no more to book; And take not any more my name in vain; Cast, if ye will, one final, loving look, As .upon one-ye ne'er shall see again. Behold me now-no more'to'be a worrier, -Served up in verse for you and for the Courier. 