pEflEEAL NEWS. Mr, Jumea Kloly, of Qippa Laud, gives somo valuable information iih to tho rearing ?ojf-j hojia.?) From ono aero of five-year-old plants lio got lnfi^ yenv12 bales whioh ho sold for .iMGO. This splendid yield was tho result {jf nipn^icnt mid v'aroful fitmly of,tlio ImhUs and lequiivnicnta of tlio plants. " 1 found," , Ijo.Kaid, " tliAt tlio trow nearest tho walo plants woro moat productive) in aced and lupin. I counted the seeds in oach plant, and the, farther I; went from thomalo plants thoro / wa« lesdsciKl and lupin. I ubo lirao as m amir^-i ftb 0utljijilf a pint to-tlie jiSll-aud i only use two polei on a hill, whioh plan saves 889 poles to an noro aqd givta. tho plauts moro snu and air. Wo require more male plants in this oolouy than in tho old country. Tho proportion I.hayo is one to 26," It is .now reported that a few. years ago tho greater part of Iho Duohesa of Edinburgk'a trouMCan v?«8 sold by auction in London as "the property of a lady of vank." TheDu. choas's woddlug outfit waa on a eoalo of truly Eastern magnificence, and na it would not have boeu possiblo to wear out one-half tho avticloa in tei),years tho bulk of tbo collection was turned into monoy. Mr. liaillio Hamilton, tbo inventor of tho now musical instrument, tho vocation, diuod at Windsor Castle ono day lust week, and was personally accorded tin intorviow aftorwards by Her Majesty, who expressed great eatis^ faction at tho success of an instrument which had been exhibited bufore hor earlior in tho week. Several recitals liavo btfen given in tho Guard Qhauiber 011 a new model spepialjy constructed for tho Queen's approval, sovoral mombers of tlio royal family aud all tho Court having attended them. Tho purity of - tone of this latest vocaliou is superb, nua its penetrating power iB suriirisinR. . * The Chicago liailwuy Aye reports that ^500 "miloa of nuw railway havu bcon constructed In tbo i United Slatos during tho first half of this year as against 499 j miloa completed in tho samo tinio Inst year, Thu total construc tion this yoai in estimated at 8000 miles I Aldrno. l'atti id to havo vathor moro than £1000 a-night during her uoxt American angagpiriout.. ,'i'ho tuonoy is to bo lodgod in tl\o bank for her , hoforo sho sings a note, "Najo, for hoto is tho maxim that governs this transaction: . miuccga Jioturico lias boon aulToriug from rheumatism of late, and that in etatod to bo tlio rgason for q trip to Aix-loa-Ddiua to drink the "wators." It is tho opinion that tho mal lftdy may bo tracod t lovo of low-noolsod dreasoa, Until two winters f^o, . tho.; Qu§un insintod on tUo Prlnceas i 'wofvrin'g low bddicoa and short aloeves at din ner ovory ovoniug, despite tlio draughts and dai^pp inaop^r^lq from RoypV pnlncoa... A& j last tlio'' ruourronce Of colda aud coughs in dncod tho Quoon to permit tho PrincosB to woar squaro-cut drepaea and elliow aloovea, . .Ninety-two' peredna were chnrgod in tlio Dublin Police Court for lmving lighted bonfires in commemoration of the death of James Onroy, Anothervat(ompt to murder has been made in the oorriago of a train from Paria to Cliagny, ou ithe .Lyons line. A young gentleumn waa found insensible in n compartment of a firat-olasa carriage, having bcou atnbhcd in several places and robbed, Tho oriminal escaped. A . largo mimbor of poraona who emigrated from Poseu to America have returned home bitterly disappointed with tho results of their endeavours to improve their condition on the .ether aide of the Atlantio, Ten Ottoman officers have just temporarily joined tho Gorman artpy for tho pnrppae. of practically learning- its regulations and its. organisation. '? . .* r '* It is reported that 0110 of the supporters of the Melbourne Working Men's. CJlub movement, a genuino mechanio, who tando himaol! somewhat conspioioua in tho body of the hull on Monday by tbo veliomeuoo of Lis cheering, returning to. his own henrth, saw on tho sideboard a bran ihiw iolling-pin. On enquiring of his wife, who is at yet but a partially developed virago,, what she had procured it for,, she expressed an . idea, popular with the, jypwian follt, ? by aignificantly remarking, 11 This, my dear, is a working pian b club." ,i A series of important mniiconvrea of portions .erf the German artillery and engineers is to take placo this year at Metz. The fort named after Prinoe Augustus of Wurtemburg is to be the scene of theso novel exoroisea, The attack upon the fort will be carried out by batteries of the heavjoBt o^libre, \\\AI}EJ the persijDal euperjnten. "donee- of1' fcwf: Iirtpehtor-G on eral of Artillery (General Voigts-Rhetz), After, the qonolusion of the mancouvres that officer will at once pro ceed to the Graudenz, a very strong fortress on the Russian frontier, .The grand siege mancsuvros with mining operations whioh will take place there will extend over fi^e w?pks in August and September,; 'Tho sappcrd of all'the eight Bast German- Pioneer Battalions and othors from Saxony and Wurtemburg will bo engaged in these oporatipns, - '«, \ Ji Wliu'tover may be' the, ponditloh .of, art in Great Britain,' it is a Iremafkablo foot, the Architect Bays, that every, year there are more books and publloallons .relating to .art iaaued in ti&wwish; language than iti any ojher,"), Out of \tlia tn8G tmWlc&tfona; aud books on ait which appeared in Europe during last year, Sll were in English, 2(30 111 German, ana 297 in French. The remaining forty«uine, publlpatjona ifoprfjpeiit tho efforts of the Italians, Swedes, Danoa, and Spunjmds, . .; :: i ' . ltegarcjing.Hia aooond Suez Canal,i lb is na suppoap that :M. Da Xessoprf oan, make a' second oanal within tlio ^and,. grafted to his company without a fresh oonoession. Originally tho, land.,grayed, ^yna. to.bp dividpd, ii\t,o two; zones'ra one of which alohb a" oanal might be mado, Subsequently when a largo portiou ol this land was rotrooeded to the Egyptian Go. .TSpjjnent.Tinrtai! the award of Nupoleon III. tho land remaining to the oomnany was surveyed, then sufficient ({<}r ,qi\o ,eanaV was -mapped out,, and the usos to which the rest wero to be put .was in overy.PWH.PorHoularly sneoifted. j1' A'ro'f^ra haa Veep (1sa\i,eif of t)ip qiiauttyy of flah' nn'nudllj^oxportod from porta ,of the United Kingdom during tho ten '^ears from 1873 to, 1882 inolusive, The total Tftlua of flali of- all kiiula exported in 1873 was £1,205,800 and in 1882 it reached tlio higlioat amouut for the ;dcoade-' namely £1,01.8!,702. TI)0 lowest yoar, wna 1870 ' when tlie^vnlntf of 'dih exported fell to"£052,804 The aggregate value of ABU oxporUyJiq tho ton years wna £14,118,104, llerjinga fornod the ilirijiWitem among the variouB ldnda of flali anooifled. .Til?. Ijoutjon Times remarks " Tlio dif ference between the. autonrftoy of Prineo Bis marck and other autocracies is that bv obeying hlnyiild by fdllpwiug hia.l giiidauoo,; biaeoantry has arrived nt n stngo nt wliloli it oau be inde pendent even of a atnteamnn like him,"|fi,Thia,i8 mdeod high praiao. In England and, Wales,'oil December- Slat Inat, there wore ,^3,T)p2; njile^ of railway onep, paying. tft. the" Biisto raore 'thnn £1,600;600: in' ratos (hul taxes, and more than £760,000 in Government duty. The total working oxnondi tur werp.more thaii li,000 locomotivof employod, 20,000-. carriages', and more ' than '300,000 waggona. The total uumber of vehiolea of all descriptions used on railways ia 351,443, yQyer '2,,000,000 ;tologropWo 'messages wore ifan^in Japan hwtyoar, of whioh 08 per cent, 'wo're'fri the' native tongue. in Tasmania tho vnluo of tlio imports for 1882 was i£l,C7P,372j 'as against £1,431,144 in,1881, being £289,f2S'in favour of 1882. Tho irioitease lu the exports wns amnllor, nmounting only to «e31,81S. Tho deoroaaa in the value of tin was accountable to a considerable oxtont for tho Bmnll advance in the exports, . . _; .., ^J®rom; Few1 York comes a story wbiQhmlght .well Berve th'o rriatorinl for a raelodraraa,or at least for a sensational sceno 'ini ouo,' lt is'as' follows As the steamer made her slo^ mud stately, way into the harbour tho other day, ! a tall and well- clad gentloman stepped on tha dock from tho pufflug lug whieji had.run down the bay to meet her- Scaroely had his polished boots oomo in contact with tho deck when the assembled , passengers wero startled liy a pioroirig shriek, and ft inriy tell heavily forward. It was tlifliWork of but nn instnnt to lift lier. Was she dead P No] it wns merely n swoon. Wherefore tills sudden collapso ? Her nostrils having been duly tiokled .with a feather, tho lady recovered and embraced the mysterious visitor. And the quick display ^f strong emotion was oxplnined. The visitor wns her luisbnnd. Ho had travelled with her from Liverpool ; hut when the vessel touched at Queenstown, he went ashoro to mako purchases, "nil d wns left behind. While debating what he should dotho smoke spirals of the City of lioim darkcnad the horizon by Spike Island. She, too,' was going, to America, uud ho took pnssago with, The favouring billows bore her to her destination a few hours before the arrival of the jEgypt, and ho quickly left to meet his wifo. The lady, fancy ing him thousands of miles away, took him for the ghost of her lord an Mdios always do In momenta of orlsls-fainted, " M. Baudoin, a doctor who went out to New 'Ireland with one of tlio expeditions organised by M, do Breui), better known as the Marquis deB Rays, now awaiting his trial on soma grave obarges, gives," the Paris correspondent of tho Olobo sftyB," some very interesting de tails as to' tlio manner in which Margnnauo.' ,the native king, signed the treaty presented to him by Captain Habiudy. His Mnjcsty was invited on bourd the Genu, niiii appeared ou> tbo ^wterdoBi tatlie full, but uot coa< nlolo, ooajutne of a baiuj of red cloth round [lis arm mid a reed through his HOBO. lie was accommodated with a seat on a hencoop, and WHS placed within a tempting diatnnco of ft scarlet petticoat, a bunch of (day pipoe, a quantity of tolmcco, and AONIO beads. Ilia attention, waa ao taken up by the magnificence of Halianly that lie took littlo or no notice of Hie liens which pecked ii reverently at his cable le^a every now and again, IIo waa asked if tl|0 island belonged to him, and anawered in tho aflirinative, making for tho presents, He wrts forced back into his seat, whilo tho luwyqr who accompanied the oxuoditioii road over tho oil a lie r by wli^ch tba ivhito nmn bad every thing giveu (o him. He wag told lie could haw. the presents if ho signed tho documents, Witp< teara iu liia eyes, ho urged his ignorance of tho art of caligraphy, and tho lawyer guided his liaufl allowing mm how to inako a oroaa,. Ilia courtiors, ,who had aocompanied him, looked with aurprias. When they aaw that making a mark with a pep placed tlioir monarch in posflosaion of BO many rich gifts, thoy camo forward with touching unanimity, and Captain Rahardy had soma, difficulty in proventlng them from covering the deed with nvnuHPH." A now invention of a potato-planter oonneoted with a plough lias beon tried at Bolfnst, aud tho report of its working is favourable. Farmers in Victoria are still jubilant over th,e harvest prospeots. Reapers and binders are being substituted for strippers in some parts oi tho colony. I Octavius Ross Austin, who was arrested on board the Claud Hamilton, charged on an Ado laide warrant with embezzling moneys belonging to the Adelaide agency of the Wertheim Sewing Machine Company, appeared before tho Mel bourne Bench last Friday and was remanded' for a week pending the arrival of the necessary papers from Adelaide. The recent reports about torpedo boats for Australia aro attracting notice, not only in Eng land, but on tho Continent, It is now thoroughly understood by the Continental powers that the oolonial naval force is a hard _ faotorto.bo rookoned with in any future war' with England. It 1ms been decided to print a very cheap copy of Wesley's sermons for circulation in the Aua> . tralian colonies. In 1864 the hoariest gun was the 68<|iounder, which was useless even thdu apinat a 4&\- toon iron pinto, ( Now tlioro is tlit 100-ton gun, measuring 80ft, and firing a shot of 2,0001b. wliioh,will ponetrato 87in. .of armour plating at 1,000 yaraa,;, Xho increased gun power has necessitated' a corresponding increase in the thickness of armour plating, which has increased aocbtdingly from 4Jin. to nearly 21in, Aoccordipg to French qewflpnpurs, Ton qui a has gold-mines which rival thosd of Australia and California, and tbo Indies gamble with gold as if it, were of little value, At tbo mines on the Rod 'River, gold ia found not merely in dust, but in bars (quite a new dia covory), and near the BOUICO QI that river tbo precious metal la found in " large quantities," Tbo following is tho declaration made by Upjohn, whioh the Age ptatoa was in writing and in, presence of four witnesses, and which, has boenverified by its iropoi'ter;-"That Ro bert Francis Burns, who was exeouted in;the Ararat goal on the 25th September, 1888, did , rnako the following confession to mo during, tho time I was ongaged pinioning him in tho condomned coll. That the suid Robert Francis Burns aaid to me ia answer to my question whethor he had anything to Boy. 11 have cooked eight, five in Victoria and tbroo in Sydney, and now you're going to. cook me,'" It, may bo that outtingand shavipgtlie hair may for, the time inorense the - ac#on of the :gtawih,j'but (reraarka Dr, gohamaokor) it has no permanent effect either upon the hair-bulb or the hair-sac, and will not in any way add to the life of the hair. On the contrary, out ting and abating will cause the hair to grow, longer for the time being, but in the end will inevitably ahorten its term of Ufa by exhaust* ;ing the nutritive action of .the hatafonning apparatus. Last year noleBs than 2,002,888 litres of rum. of tl)o .valuOjOL atyjufc £10,000, were exported; fromMauritius to 'Madagasoar, Mauritian rum is by no means of a high quality. Wherever the BUgap manufactured ia good-and Mauritius BUgar is probably tho best in the world-the rum as a nutural sequenoe,.is bad. 