SENSEAL . . The -Orient .line steamer Potosi arrived !at Melbourne at noon on Wednesday,, Passen gers, -baggage, and cargo for 'Adelaide will le&veHby; the Liguria on Saturday.; The! performance's at the Theatre Royal in!: Saturday evening next 'will be tinder the patronage of His Excellency theGoverhdr, ■ when, bycommand, the drama "do" will be presented,. ; . , The following are the hahdibaps'for the f&e; mile bicycle race in connection with' the Catholic sports at Woodville'onDecbmbet 28:—Tyler, scratch; Haywood," 100 yards J Tregonning, '200 yards; Davidson, 275,; yards ; 'Martin, 5(JQ yards ; Saint, 675 yards, Mr. -IL'J^ixsbn, M.P., left Adelaide bn Mr. t)Ixsonuwa3 accompanied to the Port by the Hon. J. O.'Bray,'M.P. (Chief SecretarJ?), and a number of other friends. He will pio hably he absent for six months. . The Minister of Education has appointed Mr. W. L. Neale, of the Kapunda school, :to the headmastersbip of the City Model School, Start-street, in succession to Mr. Alex. Clark. The Governor Musgrave with the members of the Marine Board started on Wednesday afternoon on the usual'visit of inspection'to the outports and lighthouses. The Treasurer and the Minister of Education accompanied the party. The weather had entirely changed from its previous boisterous character, 2nd there was every prbspect of a pleasant trip. The body of a man named Louis Davis, an engine-fitter, of Brompton Patk, was found lying in the roadway jin Fenn-place off Hindley-streeb west by one of the residents at about 2 o'clock on Wednes day afternoon. Dr. Mayo was called to in spect the body, but could do nothing, and the corpse was removed to the city raorgiie, It appears that the man, who was out'of work, left home on Saturday morning to look for work, hut did not return. The coroner has been communicated with, and will hold an inquest at the Destitute Asylum to-morrow morning. The last English mail brought the griti , fying intelligence that in October last Charles.; Edward Bastin, formerly of Prince Alfred' College, and son of Mr, John Bastin, ■' of North Adelaide, had successfully passed the London University examination for the B. A. degree. As the young graduate followed his usual vocation (that of school teaching), which took up much of his tibae and attention, his success is the moremarkbd. An accident happened to one of the Hifid marsh tramcars on Monday evening. As the car was goiDg down the incline fromHindlby 1 street to the Mile-End level crossing the break refused to act, and the car, which &a3; heavily laden, gained such a momentum that it was found impossible to pull the horses'up "before reaching the crossing gates, which wbre closed,as a train was approaching. Fortanatfeiy the animals swerved on nearing the gates, and as the car ran off the line no damage was done beyond a slight injury to one of the horses. A most unfair act was committed by a mounted trooper at Norwood ou Wednesday afternoon. Three members of the mounted force were riding into town, returning from the spoits on the Kensington Oval, when a larrikin named Bell, presumedly fired with envy, Bhouted out that'' he'd like to be abobby A well loaded tramcar was passing, and a general titter of course folio wed the larrikin's remark. One of the troopers thereupon dis mounted from his horse, and asked the J larrikin what he meant. The larrikin re-': sponded with more chaff, when the trooper dragged him into the road, and repeatedly knocked him down, eventually marching him off to the station, the blood streaming from his face, which was cut from the forehead to the cheek-hone. , . The church mission at Bowden-on-the Hill was opened by His Lordship Bishop Kennion on Wednesday (St. Stephen's Day), in Mr. Anderson's schoolroom. After the service the bishop preached, choosing as his text Acts, vih, 55, "But Stephen, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up steadfastly intb heaven and saw the glory of God aha Jesus standing on tjio right hand of God." In concluding his sermon his lordship said they were starting thatmission because they had learnt to love Jesus themselves, and they wanted the peoplethereto love and serve him also. They wanted'to do something for the Master because they knew that' all over this colony the knowledge of the Saviour was needed. He asked them all to do their utmost in the cause by their prayers, their sympathy, and their energy.. In our obituary column appears an announcement of the death, at the age of seventy.five years, Oi2 an old South Australian colonist, Mrs. Alfred Beaaell Bock, which took place at Ballarat on the 14th of last month. The deceased lady arrived in Adelaide in the year 1837, and her husband was bugler in the volunteer force formed by Colonel' Gawler more'than forty years ago. When'the great rush to the goldfields of Vic toria''took place in 1851-2 she went* to that cblbny /with .her husband' andfamily, abd" remained there until her decease., She leases - , upwards of forty children, grand children, ' and great grand children.: A'son and several descendants* of \ the' liisf tivd generations are, residents of Hokitiki, New Zealand. Mrs. ] Bock's decease is much regretted by many friends at Ballarat, and long as it is since she left this city there are still Adelaideans who remember her with the kindliest feelings. A baby show was held at Port Augusta last week in connection with a bazaar in :aid of the funds of the Bible Christian Church. The local paper states that " the show caused much exciter meht. There were two classes, in each of which there were a good many entries, and the judges were Mrs. Alexandre (in the ab sence of Dr. Pendleton through illness), Dr. ' Markham, and Mr. Mackay. First division (age six months and under)—First prize, £2 j second, £1 10s.; third, £1. First prize, > healthiest, baby Hunter, five months: second, beauty, baby Perryman, four and a half months; third, best dressed, baby Gifken, four months. Second division (eighteen months and under)—Prizes the same as in the first division. First prize, healthiest, baby Shepherd, eight months; second, beauty, baby Morrison, eighteen months; third, best dressed, baby Taylor, ten months. The fol lowing infants were also entered—Babies Gillam and Bawden." A narrow escape from a serious accident occurred on the Holdfast Bay railway plat form at North-terrace on Wednesday after noon. As the 2.30 train was starting, Mrs. Sacre, wife of an enginedriver employed by the Government, attempted to get into one of the carriages, hut caught hold of the back instead of the front rail of the platform guard, and in another moment would have beensweptunderthecarrisgesbut that Porter Albert Richards seized her by the arm and prevented her from falling. Running along to keep up with the tram he fell, but two other men, who had rushed to bis assistance, caught hold of the woman, and the train having been stopped she was rescued from her perilous position. Fortunately, altho ign bruised about the arms and body, she Was not seriously injured, and proceeded by the same train to the Bay, but feeling too unwbll to remain there returned home by the nbxt train. Great credit is due to Porter Richards for his promptitude, which undoubtedly Was the means of saving the woman's life. We have received from Mr. A, E, Saw tell, of Port Adelaide, acopy of "Sawtell'a Nau tical Almanac, Coasting Directory, &e;„ for 1884." Like all its predecessbrs.it contains a; large amount of general information relating to shipping matters, as well as new and sbe-; cial features introduced to keep pace with the advancing times. Besides very comprehen sive sailing directions for the coast there a're included lull particulars of all the Marihe Board regulations, Customs tariff and rules, tables of wages, railways, signals, tides, dues, and mails; copious information as to Pdrfc Adelaide, its river, and its institutions, afid all the miscellaneous items so useful :to mariners and strangers generally. Amongst the innovations is a " practical compass cor rector," having for its object the avoidan'cd of lengthy calculations to correct Compass erroVs., It 1b one of Mr. Sawtell's own ideas,, and Will; probably be found of muchuse to shipmasters, < Charts of the Port River and of the loWer parts of the two gulfs, with Kangaroo Isladd, accompany the alamanac, which is through- . out very, well got up, and should provefof ' great' service to those interested in shipping matters. Last year owing to the: liberality of tihe parcnts'and friends of the children attending , the Nailaworth State school, Mr. Peate, the ; head teacher, was enabled to give a very-sdc; • cessful picnic to the pupil3 in the grounds [of ! Mr. J. Ragless, at Enfield. Through the same liberality the children had a picnic on Friday, December 21, in the same paddock, - which afforded thorough enjoyment to all the youngsters, as well as to the friends present.' A start was made at 11 a.m., when over 200 children left the school, and marched 'in capital order to the paddock, where a latjge tent had been erected, and a good supply of ; swings provided.. Various games, suchjasi j cricket,;cro(iuet,androunders,w6reindulgedia till tea was announced, when the children . seated themselves on the ground, in; their f various classes, and were bountifully supplied, with good things. ■ Tea was'suppliedi© thO' teachers and friends in the tent, and'-then ; -commenced the various conteatsforprizes. The; -sports'consisted of flat andthree-leggedraclas;' phigh and long jumps, and jumping in" sacks;-' ' wbich'.were entered into with great zest by both girls ahd hoys. About (i o'clock tjhei. children reassembled, when after a few:words; from Mr. Peate cheers were given for Mr. ahd; Mrs, Ragless - and' the' ladies "and' gentlemen who bad so'kindly'assisted in,preparing for ; and carrying outthe dayVen jbyment. ; , A plehsant ; gathering took place at the Prince Alfred Hotal on Wednesday eyeniiigt when the employes'of Messrs^McCulloch and Co. presented Mr. George Ferguson, for soine ' years manager of thefirm'abranchbusinessin South Australia, with a handsomely illuihi nated address on'the Occasion of his retilre ment from the. firm's employ. After! a light recast had beeir partaken of, the; chairman. (Mr. W. Foster) called jott: Mri 'Goo'diall (mariagerof the Port business) \ to make the presentation. In doing So Mr. Goodall referred to the kindly feeling which' existed between the manager and; his fellcjwV employes. So general was this feeling,rthat. on hearing of his intended:retirement the whole of the branches throughout the colony had readily subscribed to the testimonial. In resportdiDg Mr. Ferguson said, in con< nection with the firm wifchwhich he had been associated for so .many. years;" he was; particularly pleased to knbw.that the parcels' express which had* bfon jntrbduced irito the colony at his, suggestion had been, a success. At first they had hhdAtgeiod deal[to;. contend against, arid in- cbnsb^nence of the houses of the city' and 'shburbs not befng<; numbered they h'ra experieU'ce'd'considerable • difficulty in delivering parcels quickly. Bub tbese difficulties had at length been overcome, and the parcels express had proved a decided success. He thanked them for the address. Mr. Ferguson's health was then-drunk with musical honors. In Re sponding to the toast of his health, Mr, Brown, I the manager elect, referred to his experience in the employ of Messrs. McCallocn &. Go. in New South Wales, and expressed the hdpe that all the men would pull together in the interests of the firm. If this were done ;he was confident the parcels express would prove a greater success in the future than it had been in the past, in spite of the opposition that was shortly to be initiated. Several . other toasts were honored, and the proceed-' ings, which were enlivened-With songs dad recitations, were brought to a close at an eaRly hour. t A very successful entertainment to cele brate the closing of the first yearly session of the Chapel-street Young Men's Mutual Im provement Society was held on December *29, in the schoolroom, Norwood. Mr. G. Foster occupied the chair, and gave a short addrbss, [ after which a lengthy programme, consisting" of recitations, readings, and instrumental music, was carried out by the members, assisted by a few friends. The president, Mr. G. G. Shaw, also gave an address on the i benefit of literary societies. During the i evening the chairman in a few well-chobon : remarks handed prizes to the following she cessful members:—For impromptu speeches —First, T. Armitage; second, G. Bowien. Beading—First, H. Newell; second, S, j P. Weir. Reciting—First, F. Dyer; second; F. Roberts; third, A, Peattie. The secretary's report showed that the society numbers 41 members, and that a good average attendance bad been maintained during the sessibn; also that financially the society was strong. A soiree was given on Friday, Deebmjber 21,. by the pupils attending Mrs. Cullifotd's school at Goodwood. The entertainment was held in St. George's schoolroom, Goodwobd-' road, the building being crowded, Mr. C.jH, Matters occupied the chair, and stated that although Mrs. Gulliford had opened the school only eighteen montbs ago the nuinber on the roll had risen to 110. This he con sidered highly satisfactory for a private school, and indicated the excellence of the education imparted. A lengthy programme, comprising songs, duets, pianoforte muric, dialogues, and recitations, was then'satisfac torily carried but, many of the perfbrmfers acquitting themselves remarkably well. Several of the pianoforte pieces were contri buted by juveniles, who gave evidence of un-• doubted ability, and whose skill alsbitestified to the careful training of their teachers. j A distribution of prizes brought-the proceed ings to a close. 