The chairman of the Royal Commission on the Tariff Question has issued a draft report, -prepared upon / the basis of the evidence elicited during ithe various sit tings (>f ithat .'body. The publication :has :-pot yet been approved of .loy the vyliole of the members of.theQmmUv-pn, but in consistency with -the %cts produced so .muetbe ;;the (.strictures. . 'fbe action which Mr Mirams took upon b,iniself ;in the matter "seems to have tended ,to' raise .the ire o.f his colleagues, and a .discussion lately en.sued whether he .was justified ih-|aking so great a responsi bility son : lvis shoulders- But fpr. obvious reasons we think ,tRat Mr Miranjis ,was- right in divulging at .as .early a stage as' possible his in ten tions. The : Gomniis- . sioners, were appointed -.to inquire .into ; the working ,of ,th.e tariff, which had been agitating the miuds of -commercial men and of the public for R number of i years, (therefore it would hp-only reason able to suppose that when it became known that .no more testimonies were to be adduced, everybody would >be op the tip- toe of expectation to be acquainted with the result of its labours, -and hence the course which he pursued wus .per fectly and undoubtahly justifiable. The work of the Commission hps been of the ; most extensive character, as no fewer; than 548 witnesses were examined,' which number included members of the pastoral, mercantile and manufacturing community, as well as of the -.labouring and mining classes. Thus -it must h? seen that if good should not be the out come, it will not be iu consequence of lack of material upon every branch of industry, but, on the other hand, the" failure will be owing to inability on -the part of the .Commissioners. The pro- : tectionist press some time since accused Mr Mirams of fast becoming a convert to free-trade, but now there cannot be a doubt that he is as staunch a protec tionist as ever ho was, as the statement submitted, which comprises .128 pages, : rings -in every degree with respect to ; watching the native concerns. Mr: Mirams is of opinion that -protection made the colony, and it should be; maintained in order to guard against. the; ..tactics pf the would-be monopolist, aud: -this conclusion is arrived -at notwith-' standing that Victoria is able to hold her own with any country iu the world. Intercolonial free-trade, to a certain ex- - .tent', -is' considered to be desirable, and conducive to the well being and pros-; perity of Australasia. Reference is made to the repealing of the Stock Tax, which, subject formed a special report about twelve months since. Some of the re commendations are .as follows:— -To prevent the waste of hides, cattle should: be brauded on the neck, or the least va-: luable portion of the carcass ; slaughter men to be compelled by restrictive legis lation to flay with greater care ; that all manufactures should be marked or branded ; that the wattle be cultivated and protected as recommended by' the Commission which dealt with the subject in 1878 ; the destruction of tim- . her in the State forests checked ; and the truant clause of the Education Act enforced more vigorously to prevent the employment of young children in fac tories. It is to be regretted that the mining industry and agriculturists have been treated with such scant courtesy, and more so when it i.s called to mind that the remarks of some of the members of the Commission were of a nature that led both parties to entertain the .idea that they would be relieved in a great measure of the burdens which they .have been compelled to bear; but this is not the case. The machinery made here is of ..so excellent a quality that 15 per cent, duty must continue to be paid, and this tax is to be imposed with the .hope of fostering this section of our manu factures. Whilst farmers wili not have to pay for their bags, they will have -to j pay a little more money for their fencing- wire. This mode of altering and ar ranging the tariff appears to savour of the Irishman's rise. For.a consider able periotLmuch was said and written about the bag tax, which weighed' heavily upon, and was .a drawback to, the tillers of the soil, but, despite the truth .-that the tax was imposed by Mr, Berry, and was merely intended to he temporary, all attempts to have it taken off proved futile. It is suggested, that the imp-v Vv on wheat shall be re-, moved, and we notice that meetings ore already called in the wheat-produoi g country of, the Wipimera to protest in an unmistakable manner the impro priety of its adoption. The maize ques-' tion is alluded to at length, and the sayings of the grain merchants in this direction are given. With regard to' vine growing, it is advisable, says the chairman, to encourageinterchange, alpo with sugar and other products of the tro pical .parts of the world, which cannot be grown here. It is proposed that the duty: on sparkling wines should be increased; from eight .to ten shillings per gallon;- that tropical .fruits be exempt, ;and the-1 tax on dates he .reduced one-hajlf. The tobacco question is dealt with in .the re-? commendation that <the existing To bacco Act be repealed,; that districts in" which it may. be lawful to grow -tobacco should he proclaimed ; that regulations, be made , for the establishment of sur veillance over the in- gathering and1 bonding of the crop ; and that the duty , to be paid on it, when it passes out for manufacture or home consumption, be' one shilling ;pe.r pound.; imported un-- manufactured tobacco. to pay two sliil-; lings and fourpence. Really wo do not think that, the report .will be the .means of settling -the matter of the tariff, but if some of.feii suggestions, are -carried out, aud,- oh -the contrary, some - not .paid attention to/ slight benefit might attend the extraordinary efforts of the Royal Tariff .Commissioners. The weather experienced on Avoca for -the past week has been delightful. On Sunday and yesterday, unmistakable signs iOf the :near. approach of .spring were inade manifest. There is .now a plenti ful supply .of grass, and cattle are begining to " pick up." jSo -far as regard the farmers .we u re pleased to state that they , are jubilant ilurough their crops, looking healthy, and their dams and -tanks being full to their utmost capacity .with water. If .natliing .should happen in the meantime, the •forth coming season: ought . to be the best that :agricu'lturists have had for a . considerable ' time. Miss E. Bye, y/ho has fforthe last Two yetary been employed as milliner, &e.;, at Mr M. M. Wise's establishment, Avoca, having determined ,upon leaving the Sweet Vale, was prasenteffpn Sunday lat, 0n behalf qf >the paster of the' Presbyterian Church,- also (the teachers and scholars of the Sunday School,' with a be uiliful gold pencil case by the superintendent, Mr Haines. Iu making the presentation Mr Haines - spoke of the very able services rendered;, the church by Miss JPye, and of the great loss winch they would; uslaiu by the"; reci pient ' eayi.ng. the district, and he wished ; her -every success in life. Thanks were re turned for extended to her, mpw that' she was about to bid : them : -"adietL" Miss Pe took farewell of her .scholar and the officers of the Sunday School that afternoon. Since Miss Pye came to reside on Avocg she has by her un- : assuming manner, both in the business and social walks of life, managed to merit .the es teem and .respect of a large circle of friends, and .she was always only loo happy and willing to dp her utmost for any goo 5 L o. We wish Miss Pye prosperity ' ..ver her lot may be cast in future, v Tee bazaar that was opened and ,cpn- t" ueR during the Igtter part of last week with a view of providing mopey to be de.voted towards renovating and Jiqjproving the local 'Presbyterian Church was brought to a close on Saturday night. We are gratified to be able to re port- that the suoce.ss which has attended the affair has cop$iderably excelled antici pations, and the result will be that the funds of the church will be enriched by slightly over £100. Thi.s outcome must be gratifying ' ; the young and married .ladies, who laboured so industriously and inde- fatigably in order that everything in con nection with the bazapr should come pff " amidst flying colours." Qn Friday even-, ing the choir rendered a glee — " Where art Thou Beam of Light-?" in a .very creditable way, and Mr S. M. Da vies contributed a song. On Saturday Miss McPhail, of' Adelpide Lead, gave two songs in fine style. Before the proceedings were brought tp a close, the llev. W. Cray, pastor of the cbuccli, .thanked all the ladies and gentle men for tho services wfiich they had given for the furtherance of the object. On Sa turday the attendance was exceedingly large, the hall being completely packed. Yesterday niorniug .the police received information that .two men named Burns and Hayes were -in a state of intoxication, and that they were in charge of a pair of hprses and waggonette at the Avoca Lead. Ser- | geant Shapklin immediately despatched Mounted-Gonstable Monks and -Constable Young to the spot, and upon arriving there the officers -found the men soundly asleep and helplessly inebriated in the bottom of the vehicle, which was, with the auimals, amongst the numerous prospecting holes at that place, and it is a great wonder that the trap with its " living freight" was not pre cipitated into pne of the shafts. They, with their property, were brought into the police camp by the officials, aud when the usual search was made, it was discovered that a saddle had been stolen from them. The police, of course, took charge of everything, find the culprits will have to appear at the police court so soon as they have sufficiently recovered from the effects of their drinking boat-. The crushing and winding plant, also the lease of the Yale's Reef Mine, Home- bush, was submitted to public auction on Friday afternoon last, and the whole, after competition, was purchased by Mr. Har- greaves, of Ballarat. We believe the machin ery lias since been disposed of to a Duuolly company for removal. At the Avooa Police Court yesterday, be-' foro Mr C. W. Garr, P.M.,. there were only, two or three trivial cases set down for hearing. John F. Bradley, of Homebush, proceeded against George Lancaster upop a fraud summons for the fulfillment of an order of the court made in his favour for goods sold and delivered, amounting - to £4 odd. The clerk produced a letter from the. defendant which stated that he would; be able to pay a portion of the debt in a fort-; night'.s time, and as the complainant bad no objection to comply with the request, the, case was postponed for .another month. (Charles. Caslleman was charged gt the in-, .stance of Constable Whyte, with being drunk and disorderly on the 7th Septem ber, at Lower Homobusb. Ho was fined 5s and os costs. Howard Bones and William Phelan were brought up, charged with .in sulting behaviour at Lower Homebush, .0c. -the Stli inst., whereby a breach of the pea was commi'ted. From the evidence Ot Constable Whyte and a witness called by the police, it appeared that a slighty&'aecw occurred whilst the defendants were on a drunken spree. As Constable Whyte .stated .that '-'Phelan .was ,a nuisaqce,'-' he was fined 10s and 10s co s, and Bones was mulcted with a fine of 5s and 10s expenses. Our Percydale correspondent .sent us the following yesterday: — With mingled feel ings of pleasure aud regret, I have tp notify the .removal from Percydale to Golden Square Station, which is near to. Sandhurst, of Constable Charles Mackinnon, who has been in charge of this station for the lapt two and a half years, and during that time he hps made many friends by his geuiat .and gentlemanly manners, united to his sterling qualities. J am sorry to lose so good a man, and am sincerely glad that he goes to a more -responsible sphere of labour, and also .that, it is a .step nearer promotion. I hear .that bi9 successor is a very gopd man, hilt I hope that whomsoever he might be, he will make himself as useful in further ing the -Interests of the place as Mr. Mac kinnon .has, and that both himself and his jvifs Avi\l be as much respected as his pre decessor. The residents oE Percydale and district -heartily wish Mr. Mackinnon. and his family, " God speed." For the last two or three weeks some grand hauls5 pf black fish have been made in the Avoca River, and.consequently upon - the banks of the .river from, the Camp. Waterhpie down to the Gulden Stream can be seen a dumber ok the. followers of Isaac Tfaltqn.. Several' persons obtained many pounds of these fish within the past few days,, the.result of which is nearly every , yomigsterl.iA the township has a line or fishing .rod. , Jt is many, years since fish were so numerous jn .the _ stream, and the reasop .assigned for .this .is .the recent heavy . rains. . ; . ' . -V . . It was rumoured in Avoca ye.sterday that Mr WkH- Buiilert, who was a resi- . dent of Avoca for a great number of years, > was lying seriously -ill at Ballarat of in- ; 1 Summation of the lungs. We see by the Post that Mr Buhlert has greatly improved, and ;was,afile to fie at his office yesterday after-, ; noon..- . ', As will be seen from an advertisement" elsewhere, tenders are invited by Mr.; Thomas rl\ Howells from persons prilling to take a one-eighth share iu the Ho. 1 tribute, G-olden Stream. For the past four months (the party at present working.the tribute have; obtained good yields of gold, aud the: average amount, after defraying all ex- : penses, earned by-each' man. has heed'abput: £6. 12s a fortnight. 1 The ground is easily ; i .worked,' anil' (he.'Maim' isVyery'-'dryYthere is; ; also a complete puddling and winding plant; ; upon the ground. Full particulars can be; obtained -oi Mr T Howells, ,oare of Mrs.; .Grgcknell,: High treet, Avoca. ; A .-special general meeting, also the -ordinary half-yearly meeting of tbe share-; 'jbhlders of the orfahg;"Muiers?, -'Umted Company (Ho ' Liability), Homebush, will be held at the "Bull ahd Mouth Hotel, Maryborough, to-morrow. v As will be ohs'erved; advertisement elsewhere, Mr. A: £: Yjuttrim will submit to an unreserved sale on Thursday next, on the ' premises", Peel-street, Maryborough, , the valuable hou-sehold furmture pfjhe late Mr Thomas Clausen. . . .. . " Messrs Perry and Gale, the contractors forifilling iu the deep gullies in the -.middle pf the road in High-street, A voca, are; mak ing good headway with their work, and- in; another v, fortnight or so the " gullies " . -shp.uld he known no more. ; : ; Mr W. A. Adams, of Mountain Creek station, . announces ; in our advertising columus that he haying sold the stallion Van -Drool p, ='tliat the horse will not -stand at . the ; Mountain Greek station this season. He was a' crusty old- bachelor, and she was trying her best to draw him out, when- he said.: There are two periods in a wo man's life .\vlien she never talks." " And, pray,'-' jsaid the young lady expecting a com pliment, "which are these?"- and the brute replied, ."j>efore she is bprn, and after she is dead. v Between times ' she makes the world pleasant jfqr that hateful creature, man." - The fidelity wkick spme folk display towards the requests of their dying friends . is really touching. We have a young fellow, of such good parts that he ought to be now occupying a gopd position, who does nothing but loaf on his acquaintances. One day ho was asked by one of the latter, to whom he appealed for assistance, why he did not obtain some employment, " Ho," came -the dignified answer, my dear mother while on her death bed made me swear I would never disgrace myself by work, and I am struggling to keep uiy oath." That young man will most certainly occupy a high public position, or be in gaol ere long-— Melbourne correspondent Warrvam- bool l&depeiident.; Grand opera, like Shakespeare, is evi-. d.ently not a profitable speculation to em bark in — that is for the management ; the .principal artistes have, however, learnt by experience the correct course to adopt when ever '\tlio ghost fails to walk." One of the soprano singers at a metropolitan theatre positively refused to " go on" till her salarf was paid down in the golden coip, bearing the image of Her Most Gracious Majesty. She had previously declined a " little cheque" with the smiling ( intiruatipu that she " knew a trick worth two of that." Theu the irate manager had to "plank" the 15 sors., and the fair j'oung ; artiste commenced her role after the audience had been kept waiting full half- an- hour, and an aunouueement had been made from the stage that their indulgence was required owing to Mr. -'s " seri ous indisposition." Hundreds of Designs in CLOCKS | CLOCKS ! CLOCKS ! consisting of American, English, French, German, and Swiss manu facture. Unsurpassed for quality, variety and priee, offered at 3d per cent, under Usual Prices, from 5s each. All Goods at Less than Metropolitan Rates, at Dudley's (late Mosely and Dudley) Established 1S55, Maryborough. The Optical Department at F. J. DUDLEY'S (late Mosely and Dudley.) Established 1S53, Maryborough, made a SPECIALITY. Cousumers of Wolfe's Sciinaits, espcially thoso taking it medicinally, should purchase it only by the bottle, and thus ensure the genuine article, as there is a fraudulent imi tation iu the market. Large and small bottles are obtainable at every respectable hotel and Wine and Spirit Merchant's in the ' colony. The name of M. Moss aud Co.; is on the top label of the yellow wrapper. 