TOWN TALK:. Pohtxcs get; in. the, eyes • and impedo the sight like dust. The Observer hints that, to; suit its ends, The Telegraph, concocted, a tele gram from Chsrtfrs Towers about Mr. Macros, sen and an escort. The' strange thing is that thu Courier concocted a similar telegram. Ib this another of the undesigned coincidences, or is it a conspiracy: . Ho doubt the latter. Q.hb matt go away for news of home. The; Federal Australian says seven Chinamen have been murdered by the Brisbane blacks. What on earth are our local newspapers about ?'; Not one singlo word about this wholesale slaughter Perhaps the editors consider, in the; case of Oliinamen, that killing is no murder.: liven at that the item would hare proved interesting."' The following conversation took place in Queen-Sireet the other; day.. Pint citizen t " Is Chubb considered, n good lawyer '" Second ditto: "Why, of course he is. Ain't he Attorney-General ?" This reminds us of the inquiry as to the social sta< us of a certain inditidual. "Is he a• gentleman ?" "Ain't lio? Why, look at his clothes!" A little oonf union between cause and effect—that's all. ■ Over a grave-in .Brompton Cemetery, .Ion don, has just been setup a beautiful cross, on which appears the'following inscription :—" In memory of Elizabeth Jones, who died May 13, 1881, for 1-i years, the faithful servant- and friend "of Alexandra, Princess of Wales,, by wliom the monument is erected Life's race wel: run,- life's work well done, life's crown well won. Now'comes rest." A very cheap ! mc™f.nto W resting place of the average" Queensland domestic, who comes under the; designation of "old and attached servant," if she slays in her place three months. It, is satisfactory to find that a demo- ; orotic . Government, sueh as . that of France, can set an example in the way of moderation. . From a cablegram we judged otherwise. It was to the effect that in consequence of a hot-beaded manifesto by Prince .Jeromo Bonaparte, ail members of all reigning families residing in France were to quit tho Republic at eight. This would not be justice, and we arc glad to see that Prince Jerome alone is to be held responsible for liis folly. To make the innocent suffer for the guilty would, be opposed to all sense of justice. Moreover, fnm a democratic point of view, it would be stupid. What greater sa'eguard for the continuance of the Republic could be found than.in tho existence, in France, of members of ;" all the reigning families." Perhaps the French are unaware of the story of the Kilkenny cats. These is a haunted. house in Brisbane; in the internals of the landlord we won't saj where. The regularity with which the ghost walks in that house is calculated to fill the bosom of on actor with'onvy. The worstof it lis that the servants in that house leave their "service Sooner than tlicy do in other houses, .which is saying a great deal. Nobody lias seen tho ghost yet ; but h", she, or it can be dis. tinctly heard, although the sound is different to different ears. Tho la«t Biddy who threw up her place in that hiuse, declares she distinctly heard .the ghost turning the mangle. Now, a ghost that will turn a manglo'ought to be eneourag-d, and a " place" haunted by so practi cal a sliade should be sought for rather than avoided. Wo should imagine that as soon as tho mangle part of the story comes to be known there will bo quite a rush of servants to that house. Ir is a truo saying that what tho eye doesn't soo the heart doesn't feel. This is "the rensoni' perhaps, that the local fociety for the Preren. t ion of Cruelty to Animals is defunct, or next door to it. ■ If somo readers of "Town Talk,' with hrarls beneath their waistcoats—or busks —could spare the time tovisit, say Paddinglon, they would seo sights that would draw the hard penny from their pockets. Some cases of outrageous cruelty have come to our know ledge, so dreadful that we dare not put tlicm into printer's ink ; but what we can I say" is, tint- glints—the "Chinamen of the | animal world—are made to draw loads that a i strong man would strike over. .Jt is 110 un common tiling lo seo in—say Paddington—a big vehicle' on small wheels, with a nanny in the shafts, loaded to the extent of a full-grown wheelbarrow,"-'with materfamilias hauling the animal's.jaw off, whilo her offspring nre engaged with all the available timber in the J neighbourhood fooling tho poor animal's ribs The most tender-liearted of individuals do not earo to faro the Tocks and shoals of tho Police Court, in aid of the suffering brute kingdom. A " body which can be kicked" is alone able to undertake the necessary work, and we hope that tlio tcudor-beartod will Into our hint and throw in tbeir mile towards (he reshseitatiou j of the Sorietv for the Pretention of Cruelty to J Animals, There is one London institution -wanted in Brisbane,' that is,' the waterman—not' a'maa who rows a boat, but one'who waters the horses on cabstands. It: is' pitiable to see the cab horses standing in the "fierce sun, hour after hour, on the' stands with lieVer a drop'of water to quench their inevitable thirst. The only chance is • when their owners go to the nearest public to borrow a bucket and beg the water to fill it. What would > be easier than; for the corporation to place a stand-pipe at each stand? 3he cabmen would supply the bucket; A KoBTHERKipaper.complains Jhat another northern paper has declared of it that it was partly rowned^ by f "members ' of { the; pre sent Government-a* statement "so plainly calculated to damage, the reputation of this paper/ that wo have placed the matter in the hands of .our solicitor." And has it come to this? Is the Government in that state that, liko pitch, it is defilement to touch them. The mere hint of connection with the Government to /bring down a solicitor on one's bead is quite too awfully suggestive^' r Thobb who object to the employment' of coloured labour in" this colony should withdraw their objection in: favour of the kanaka upon whom civilisstionkas,asiniy eaiily be observed most humanising effects.. - Anybody doubting this should have been in the theatre one night recently during a performance by.' lewis's minstrels/ . In the drees circle might have been -een two kanaka gentlemen otiircd-in faultless fashion gazing at the niggers cn the;stage through opera glasses. This was a sight to fill the philanthropist villi joy. . J These aro romo queer minds in the world. What sort of peope can ; they . fie^ who lore'up, without carrying them ; away, some expensive- shrubs adornbg a ; grave' ? in .the South Brisbane Cemetery. One could; under* stand stealing'even from a grave, but the tear ing up of a'sbrub planted by ,loving bands over the remains of a lost dear one is a-kind of .brc tatfty thatis inconceivable;; Tb«i offender, will probably not be discovered.'-Should-he be,'no punishment/he, would. receive wbuld' be ade quate to the offence. "The cat with 'many tails is the sort of thing for these acoundrcla-ra five shilling fine iswhatthey would probably get. ; A bad case of .interference with, ibe liberty of-the subject,-which-also- involved au-insult to the fourth estate, occurred at the Police Court the other day. An individual, alol 10, employed at this office, whom we will call AJercury, was about to enter tbe court presided over by tbe awe-inspiring Pinuock, in search of " copy," just at the moment when the name of a juvenile offender, summoned for petty larceny, was being called out. Our youthful emissary was at once collared by the "active and intelligent," who was acting as j iuitor, and urged towards the seat of judgment. To hurl a glance of scorn at tbe policeman, and to fling himself loose from his polluting touch/was, with this young member of the fourth estate, but tbe work of an instant. The constable, on becoming aware of tbe fearful mistake he had made, looked as though he would never hold up his head again; There is no talk at present of xnakiog a presen tation to the youth who thus boldly stood up • for the freedom of the Press. The report cf the Woogaroo and Tpswieli Lunatic Asylums for the week ending January | 14, shows that the number of patients remar ing I in the house at Woogaroo at la*t report was | 279 ma'cs, and 216 females; and at Ipswich, | -00 males.: Since admitted to Woogarco, 4 males and 2 females ; discharged. 2 males and j I female; died, 3 males; remaining, 27S males I and 247 females; remaining at Ipswich, 100 ! males. v Total, 625 The medical superintend ent desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a parcel of illustrated papers from ! Mrs. Goggs, Woolsioa, and a parcel of news I papers from "L.P." for the use of the inmstcsJ The French in Central Africa.—The Illustrirte Zcitung states that a new French expedition to the Niger being organised under Dr Bayol, in conjunction with a military ex pedition under Colonel Desbordes. Another expedition is being organised in Bordeaux to found a French colony in Senegambia and unite tho colony of Assinie with the French possessions in Senegal. This fruitful plan in cludes tho sources of tbe Niger, the Senegal, and the Gambia. A railway is to be made acror? Limbs to the Niger. rJhis expedition will be under the command of Aime Olivier, Viscomte do 5anderval. Turkish Kiflks.—An extraordinary dispute has arisen between the Turkish Government and a ii m of rifle manufacturers in America. It appears that the Providence Tool Company, of Providence. New Jersey, has lately goue into liquidation, and among the assets were 45,617 Martini-Henry rifles, 41,900 sabre bayonets and scabbards, and 35,400 quadrangular bayonets, wliich had been manufactured for the Ottoman Government These it was proposed to sell by private contract, whereupon the Turkish Minister to the Unittd States, Aristarchi Bey, terved a notice upon the company requiring them to deliver up the arms in question, which, ho alleges, were paid for and wore simply held in store on behalf of his Government. The company, on the other hand, assert that they held the arms as security for a large amount of money owing to them, and that they are entitled to dispose of them to satisfy their claim. This view will be contested, U is said, in a court of law. 