EOHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY TnE GHOSeT.) September 1. The steady onward progress of legislation has been uncheockeod during tlio week. Major Smith's motion, that bilocked supply, has bleen negatived, and the year's estimates all but disposed of. This is a foather in the Minis tonal cap. Up to the present it has booeen the in fashion to spend the money first, and then, d long after it is gone, to obtain the sanction of Parliament to its disbourement, MAr. Service's bi Caledonian, or mercantile, or common sense instinct revolted against this ridiculous in course, and as a consequence it is henceforth a to he unknown in legislatirve practice. The A Malleo Bill hass passed the ordeal of its second ti rending, and has now to be considered in I committee. It is not unlikoly that "the Iin- a istry of adopltion," as someine of its critics have to dlubbed it, in consequence of the readiness is displayed by its members to adopt all the a sueggestioosoffered for its guidance, will accede II to the suggestion offered by Mr. Walter la Madden, and abolish the distinction between la the A and B blocks. This point conceded, bi the measure will moot with very little further ti opposition. Should the Government, however, we resolve upon a display of backbone in connec- b tion with this amendment, there will isn all cc prolahility bo some diffieulty in passing thei Malloc ill through the UpporIoouso. "Their D lordships" are certain to refuse their sanction w to the clauses gnratilng a tenure of five years fi only to half of the runs into which the twelve I millions of unoccupied desert is to blie cut p, a and there will assuredly be an interchange of it messages, and perhalps a conference over the bill, which will coesidoenhly retard itspsage. B If, however, wise counsels should pravail, to there isovery probability of Parliament going fi into recess towards the middle of November at am latest. This n'ill, at all events, be a small di mercy for which not only honomllalo imembers, q but all whose ditties compel them to attend the halls of the Logislature, will be duly thank- " fil. A thermometer marking 95 degrees in w the shade is neither conducive to cool tempers g nor cool heads, and not oven the ice supplied th (gratis) to hoourablo m lembers can insure cc both these dcaideraetf after the above date. fi Exeunt tile Carters-for a time at least. fo The next act of this apparently interminable of drama will take place during the current TI month, the seene being laid in the criminal Hi division of the Supremo Court, when Carter w will have to answer to a series of charges ti brought by the trustees of his insolvent es- d tate. The termination of the story disclosed ri during tile time the interesting trio, consist- c iiig of Air. and Mrs. Carter and Hoolper, have beon lifore the iclclic is thus, it wvill lie per eeived. a most commonplace one. Vice has ct ieen unmasked, and virtue would doubtless ti prove triumphant as it does inl most moderan doiestis drancas on the stage, only for tile fact tliit in the Carter ease it is cldifflicult to ti find where the articlo comes in. As both the s memblers of the male sex identified with the c opiFodo have oeen committed for trial, and tl the lady is the only one apparently who is to II go "muwhlipt of justice," it must ceortinly le, if the dramatic unities and the fitness of w things are to be satisfied, in the person of that interesting female that the embodiment or virtue is to be sought for. tc Not only does " the whirligig of time"bring in " its own revenges," but illn itsinever ceasing roundr it witnesses some cqeer changes. Nearly thirty years ago, a Ballarat digger, sorely wronded iin ai attnmpt, by forco of p arms, to subvert her Majesty's Government fc was lying inl hiding from the officers of the w law in a poorly furnished cottage in what is ii now a suburl of Geolong, while all over the tc colony were posters convoying thoi:information that the sum of five hundred ponlds would Ibe g paid for tlhe apprehension of the roebel leader. tl OIl Monday this self same gentleman, now tl the " first commoner of the land," oeter tained at dinner the Queen's representatives, c the judges, and all the hiighest State function-. aries of the colony. In the large hall of the r Parliament buildings, under the shadow of tile statue of the sovereign, Mr. Lalor feasted Ii the Legislature, and invited them to quaff in t bumpers of sparkling wine to the toast of i "tihe Qioen " ]hut MIr. Lalor's rebellion fI was not of the " back-bone and spinal mar row" kind that is quelled by a knighthood ii and i pension of a thousand per annum. His b was a protest against official insolence and gross tyranny. And while the one may not lhave mich cause to look back with pride at the days when the gaol at Kihnainham was his temporary abiding place, the other need never blush as his empty coat-slaove recalls I the memory of his doingq when " youth's hot t blood" coursed through his veins. Three times chosen as Speaker of the popular branch of the Legislature, the knighthood thamtgentle man has earied cannot be much longer with- I held. Will the echoes of the cheers that greeted the mention of the Queen's namne at t the Speaker's dinner evoke any answerricng oceos whet 1orne I to the foot of the throces by Mer. Lalor's chief guest ? Sir Andrew Clarke is a lucky man. For the last twenty years he has been drawing a i pension of £800 per annum from the Colonial i treasury, cwhile ic receipt of a handsome salary as Inspctor-G enceal of Fortifications. Mr. I'nty'ro is muich excrciosedl in mihl over the gallant oflicer's luck. ani habs given notice of his intention to move in the Asseombly that I Sir Andrew be requosted to refund tle amount n he has illegally drawn during the last twenty years. The little minamounts to I 10,000. C tru. Service has promised " to make en quirics." Mfeantimoo the question ought to le a put to tMr. lM'Intyre-" Don't you wish you may get it?" Sir. Hugh hl'Coll, M.L.A., who a month ago was assaulted by MSr. Geo. Cornwall, the contractor, resumed his seat in the Assembly on Thursday, looking somewhat less rubicund t and smiling than of yore. His solicitor, Sr. e Fleotwood, has served Mr. Cornwall with a writ claiming £.2000 damages, and the case will, unless proviously settled, come before the Court during the Oetobler Sittings,. There has been another railway accident, and esome twenty people have heen Imore or loess injured. The collision letween tile Elisendeon passenger canrriacges and the engine and train of caittle tricks standing at the station was not a very violent one, but it is astonishing how many " shocks to the system" e it has caused. This is tice favoeurite way of being injured when a smash occurs on a rail way. It's more convenient than having a log or an arm broken, and opens a wide field for speculative medical opinions. Doctors and lawyers are in lack just now. No sooneor is ths Hawthorn disaster disposed of than a e catastrophe opportnnely occurs to provide thenm with profitaleo omlloymoymnt. I things go on as at present, in addition to poercanoent railway commissioners there will have to ie a permanent accident board appointed. It is rather early just yet, but already there are rumours of claims for eonsiderabile amounts being about to lbe sent in. If the taxpayers of the colocy escape wilh a epaymet of £10,1100 they may eonsidelr tlcesossves Iccky. The olploneots of the oReverend Charles Strong have atlast succeeedod inl " worritin g" that much abused divine into sending in his resignation to the Presbytery. 'Ithis will, no e doubt, he gladly accepteo icy that body. But what will the roverend geontloman's conigrega tion say? There is sure to be a "rumpus" c orer the affair, and when religiols qcuarrelso arise it is someswhat remarkale how all Christian spiritis set aside, ansid the fight wages to the bitter end. It is said that some very carious complications are likely to arise out of tihe rosiglntion. Clergymen s esleecially Scotls sevs---o sotrosigec £1050 ler osiscesm and perlquisites writhout loolking a litle ihead. TIcE STiR ANaIa IN LOsiON.--Thiat the Great City mill ore loc haensrdly recogsiaacbl byl its former dsnizion, all tl1r world lna Iheard. Te visitor panaing up tIhe Tchamee now fidcs hlis eye gratified by the mancy edifices recently erected. As Ie Ieaches the famcous Victoria ElmbanLk I met, there ricesoverhim on thie ri:ht hand thei 1 new Timcac otllee, and cc the left Ihand thie new tower-crowned works of hihears. JAMEs EI'Pd & CO,, both phasesof Itali9n architecture. It may he said that theloo two buildings are types of the far-reaching business energy of thie inmeteenth century, for it ihans resulted from such means that these two establishments have brought themselves to the fore, and that the annusl Issue of each has come to be estimfsole by millions. Duricg tio last year tie number of copies of /lle Tiucte Is estimnated at 16,271,000, Swhile thle number of packets of El'co's CooA sent off in tie same iperiod is computed at 14,7419,0'5. The latter is a large total, when it is borne in mind that in 1830 tile consumption of Cocoa tlhroughout the whole kingdloun was but 42i5,821bs, there thon existing no prcpara tioc of it such as this, which by the simple addition of boiling water would, yiohl a Spalatable drink. Truly tilne may be said to work many changes.--(Adrt.) ADVrI TO , lOTHlruS l--Are you broken In your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain 3 of cutting teeth! Go at once to a hecmint,and get a bottle of Mica WINarLow'a SocormmI o vSeur. It will relieve the poor sufferer imme Sdiately. It is perfectly bnharmless and pleasant to taste, it prhiunes natunrl, quiet smol, by re having the child from Imtin, and the little cherub r awakes as bright as a button." It soothes the Sohild, it softon s the gums, allays all pvan, re lieves wind, regulates the bowele, nnd Le the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhea whether arising from teething or other cames. Mrs TVlcslow's Soothing Syrup le sold by mccl 0 ene dealers everywhere at 1i t4d par bottle. S-(Advt.) 