MRS. BlliTLES' BOARDERS. By R. E, WHITWORTH. _;{CoNimnBn.) " Very well. Those who are in favor—ah good. . Thoso against—none. Carried unani mously., Next business." "The next business, Mr. Chairman," said Bob Brown, rising, 11 is to charge your glaBBes —All fall ?—Gentlemen, hero's success to the enterprise, and good luok to Miss Tulk, and God ble8sherl " "With a hip-hip-hip, hurrah, 4c." But a penetrating voice came from the half open door of»Mrs. Birtles' little backroom, which said, "Too much noise. Go to bed dear boys, flood-night, and God bices you.' "All right, mother. Good- night." And we Went. '.'Dear little woman. She had overheard ivery word we had said, and I verily believe was crying with joy when she spoke to us. And our enterprise was crowned with success. Each man laid himself out for his work, and. the result was that within a fortnight the words were written, the music composed, and the songs sung, all threo of them, at a concert in which Bob Brown was interested. The words were of average merit, but the melodies wero fresh and charaoteristie, and the harmony showed the work o£ an accomplished musician. They wore favourably montioned in the papers, and Messrs. Quaver, Crotchet & Co., the great music publishers of Collins Street, jumped at the chance of publishing them. So Miss Tulk was set on her leet, for taken large and by, as sailors say, what with tho riginal royalties for singing, and the copyight, for Quaver, Crotche & Co., bought them out and out, she netted something over ixty pounds, with the promise of as much work as she, in her delicate state of health ared to undertake, and so there was great ubilation in tho bouse of Birtles. CHAPTER VIU. A SHADOW OF EVIL. Yes, jubilation, but not all jubilation. The shock to Miss Tulk, whatever it was, had been too great for her nervous system, unstrung as had been by the grief known only to herself, to withstand with impunity, and although she gradually recovered her health, her physical strength was evidently materially impaired, and her mind, if not positively unhinged, was severely shaken. There was no positive ailment, and although Dr. Brightstone used to call occasionally to see his patient, more I fancy out of a feeling of sympathy and friendliness toward the sad silent woman who seemed to belong to another world than ours-, who was, so to speak, with us but not of us, than because he thought he could do her much good professionally, and although she slowly regained her colour and her good looks, for although somewhat haggard and faded, it was easy to be seen that iu her time, and that at no very long period back, she had been a beautiful woman, still he would say to us, or ony of us, when she was absent, " Ah I there's something there that I havn't probed yet, something that tho finger of science cannot touch. Time is a great healer, but time does not heal every wound to the heart. However, time alone can tell, and to time alono we must trust." As I have said there was no positive ailment physioal or mental, and yet there was something that could not but cause us ell great anxiety. Than Mrs. Birtles, and I may say, the rest of us, nobody cauld be kinder, and, in an unobtrusive way, more attentive, but she seemed to be a prey to a kind of settled melancholy. And yet it was not exactly melancholy. It was rather a restless moodiness, a lurking and ever present presentiment of misfortune, a weight as if ot impending trouble, a nameless terror that she could not away with. It was no longer anxiety- for the material needs of the present or even of the future, for thanks to her own skill as a musician, and thanks also perhaps to a word or so in the right place and in due season—"and a word in due season how good it is "—from some of us who were not altogether without some little influence in artistic circles, her work became more and more known and appreciated, and as a matter of course, more in demand, so that " the cruse of oil and the barrel ot meal" seemed likely never to fail. Beside that, as the days went on, and she grew stronger, her pupils came back to her, and soon all her time was fully occupied in writing muEic, and giving lessons in the various accomplishments of which she was mistress. And tho poor lady was grateful, in her own quiet undemonstrative way, oh hew grateful she was to us. She might have, nay, as we once or twice delicately hinted, now that she was getting on so well, ought, for her own sake, to have removed to a more fashionable part of the city, and into lodgings more suitable to the social requirements other position and to her breeding, but to this she' replied with tears in her eyes; "And where else shall I find friends, bucIi true friends as I have found here. No, no, here, amongst you, have I found such peace as the world can ever give me. Dearest, kindest of friends.do not weary of me I pray. Here, with you all let me live my lite." After that there was of course nothing to be said, and matters quietly settled down into their ordinary groove. But Miss Tulk would no longer go out teaching, in fact she seemed to have an uncontrollable horror of leaving the house, and never went out of doors oftener than she could possibly help, In fact whenever, as sometimes was tho case, she was obliged to visit one or the other music publishers, or to go to see Mr. Lyster at the Operii with a view to the alteration or re-arrangement ot some piece of music, she would only go in a close cab, and was in a state of pitiable tremor from the moment she left until sho returned. Suudays only was an exception, when closely veiled, and leaning on the arm of stalwart Bob Brown she weut to perform ber duties at St. Bridget's, and even then, as I have heard Bob say, she was wont to tremble all the way there and back. This nameless terror, this constant dread, what was it 7 Some of us knew, or thought we knew "as in a glass darkly." Bather was it we guessed, that the sudden fright at the racecourse, and the tall, dark, soldierly looking man, who had followed her home, and who had pawned the locket, had something to do with it, we felt convinced. But what ? Never mind what. It was a mystery. It was Miss Tulk's secret, and no business of ours to enquire into it. Miss Tulk's unaccountable restlessness seemed day by day to increase. It grew to be her wont to Bit at the window, shaded by the curtains, and seemingly oblivious of all else, to watch with haggard and anxious eyes for something which never oame, something Bhe felt uuconsciously iimpelled to look for, and yet which she feared to see, and we became so acoustomed to this strange proceeding of hers that at length we took no notice. But one evening a strange and unaccountable thing took plaoe. One of those things which Sometimes occur, but which reason re. [uses or is important to explain. One oi those psychological mysteries beyond the reaohes of our souls which bo strongly point ut the truth of the hackneyed quotation, " There are more tilings in heaven and earth than ever we read of in our philosophv." Itx 'as a"daik,. .dismul night —a 1:1 i .(-rn'tjle night, a night not fit to turn a dog out in. The wind biew in short, sullen gusts, the driving rain fell with a heavy and interminable swish against the closed windows, and the gas lamp at the opposite corner shone sicklily through the Uqnad glass. We, that is those of us whose dufles did not call us out. Were snugly ensoonsed in thfe general sitting-room, some reading, Borne chatting, Mrs. Birtles with her interminable Bewing, and Miss Tulk talking to herself on the piano as was her frequent habit, • Suddenly the snatches of airs and variations on them sho had boeu. playing glided off into a wild, weird, but inexpressibly plaintive minor Btrain, full of strange ohords and unexpected cadences. It was like nothing we had ever heard before, and we stopped to listen to, and look at her. She eeemed to be playing altogether unconsciously, and as if sho were under some unknown and uncontrollable spell. Then, after a time, Bhe all at once let her hands drop on the keyboard with a harsh discord, and rising from the instrument, with a ghastly white and scared face, and dilated eyes, she rapidly crossed the room, and threw the window wide open, staring out blankly into the murk street. A moment she stood, the rain beating into her face, and the sharp .wind tossing her hair about her shoulders, and then, with a low, gasping scream, fell back into the room in a faint. A moment, and we were at the window. Not a sight, but the shining pavement, the blinking lamp, and the dim outlines of the opposite houses. Not a sound save the ceaseless plash of the rain, and the dismal sough ot the wind. What had Bhe Been? What heard? Who knows? Nothing, maybe, except that in a waking trance sho had both seen and lieaijl the shadow and the far-off voioe oi ooming evil. CHAPTER IX. DABKEST BEF0BE DAWN. In the excitement and gratification of Mies Tulk's success, I had almost forgotten the locket, and the mysterious man of "the racecourse, until I was reminded of it one day by Mrs. Moss who had oome up to see her friend, Mrs. Birtles. It was a hot day in March, and I was just putting on a dust coat preparatory to going out after breakfast, when tlft Jewess came. in. " I should like to have a few words with you bafore you go, if you please, Mr. Grant," she said. " Certainly, Mrs. Moss," I replied, returning to the dining-room. " Yo» remember that locket? " she bogan. " Yes." " Well, he's been again." " To Manuel's. That's Josep' jon. This time it was a watch, a gold i r^eater, a real Breguet, very old-fashioned, I. jt oh! suoh a beauty. Set round with brillionts and a coat of nrms engraved inside the case. I oonldn't bring it with me, you know, because tho gentleman might come in any moment to redeem,it. Not that I think he will, for his sort mostly don't. There was a diamond hoop ring, too, and a bracelet, but they're not so valuable. He got twenty pounds on the lot." "Are you sure it's the same man? ked. " Oh! trust Manuel for that. He never forgets a face, if it was ever so." " Well, what do you want me to do 1 said. " Come round and see it. Perhaps you oan make it out. I believe law gentlemen understand coats of arms, and such like. I don't, more don't Manuel." I promised, and called that very day. Mr. Josephson knew me through his sister-in-law, and took me into a back office. Unlocking a safe he took out the watch, which I saw at first sight was a valuable, though an oldfashioned one. Having some slight knowledge of tho scionce of heraldry, I examined the arms engraved upon it. So far as I could make out, it was,, technically speaking, as follows :—Gules, within a bordure, engrailed or, a liou rampant of the last. Crest, a lion passant or, supporters, two Talbot hounds proper, collared Gules. Motto, "Sumani nihil alenium," and surmounting the escutcheon was an Earl's coronet. I took a uoto of this, thanked liim, and left. I next proceedod to the Public Library, consulted " Burke," and there soon found what I wanted. Yes, there it was all correct. The armorial achievement of the noble house of Shetwynd-Talbot, the head of the Catholic houses of England, as Earl Talbot unquestionably is. Although I can hardly Bay I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly somewhat dtaggered. What connection could poor Miss Tulk have with such a family ? And yet the portrait, the initials, the coronet on the locket, this strange man, seeing whom 1 felt convinced had been the cause of her fright, and who had seen her, and found out her residence. But then again, if he had done so, months had gone by, and he bad made no sign. What was this mystery 1 I was determined to fathom it. But how ? What business was it of mine ? What right had I to interfere? Clearly none. If Mi6s Tulk had a secret, and cho^e to keep it, it was worse than 'uipertinenoe on my part to meddle. Aad it with a lawyer's instinctive wish-to ferret out things, I longed to get to the bottom of it. Ah 1 the mystery was solved, and by me, too, sooner than I anticipated. Next morning as I was preparing to leave the bou6e, I was speaking to Mise Tulk at the time, a knock came. the door. Miss Tulk started with a vagtfe presentiment of evil. Joanna went to the door and entered the room, announcing,• 11 a gentleman to see Miss Tulk. Tho visitor followed closo at her heels, and closing the door as she left it, stood with his back to it, gazing at the poor lady with infernal malice. " So, madam, I have found you?" She was as white as a ghost, aud staggered, supporting herself by the mantelpiece. "Do not leave me, Mr. Grant," she Mr. Grant, or whatever the devil, his name U, will leave you pretty soon if he consults his own interest. That is to eay, if he don't want to be chucked out of the window," he retorted, with a sneer. I could have killed the man. I felt that. I was accounted one of the best amateur wrestlers and boxers in Melbourne, and I had youth and stamina on my side. He had neither, for although he was tall, and had once been muscular, I knew too much about training not to see that dissipation had rendered him flabby, and comparatively weak and shortwinded. I therefore replied calmly, " As for that, this lady has requested me to remain, and remain I shall. So far as throwing me out of the window goes, I should advise you not to try it." He moved a step forward, as if to put his threat into execution, but he stopped, measured me with his eye, and thought hotter of it. " We'll see about that later," he said. "Who is this insolent ruffian?" I asked, ignoring his remark. Ha laughed a low, fiendish laugh, and said, " Ah I just so. Who is he? " This low, insolent ruffian is that woman's husband. Let her deny it if she can. And now, air, who are you who dares to Btand between a husband and wife, and prevent their litttb endearments and oonnubialities." This was spoken with such an intensity of malignity, that X almost shuiclered with honor. " Is this madam ? " I asked. " Yes—no—no," and the words came falter ingly—«.' it is not true. That is, I married bim, but—oh I I cannot tell—the shame of it would kill me.'" " You lie, you hag," he Baid bruttflly. •" I do not lie—oh I Mr. Grant, 1 do c not lie." . " Lie, or no lie, you foul-mouthed scoun drel," I interrupted, "you'll keep a civil tongue in your head to that lady in my presaice, or I'll break every bone in your body. You threaten to throw me out ot tho window. You oan't, and -yon know it. I threaten to kick you into the gutter. I can, and I will, So be careful." " Who are you who are so scrupulous ? he asked, with a sneer; " who are you to in terfere between a woman and her loving lord nd master?" " I'll tell you if you want to know," I reained, " I am connected with the law—the riminal law, if you know what that means. am that much professionally. As a private ndividual I am man enough to protect that ady, or any other woman I hope, from a rute." My reference to tho law waia bow drawn at venture, but I saw by the whitening of his ips that my arrow had pierced the joints of is harness. Ho laughed, but forcedly. " Then if yeu re a lawyer," he said, " you know that you ust not meddle between husband and ife." " The lady denied it, and I believe her," I aid, oalmly. „ He became doggedly furious. " The lady— he lady will Bay anything, ourse ber 1" " The lady will speak the truth, I know hat of her," I retorted. He eyed me with a curious scowl. " You aow," he said, " what do you know? peraps she has told you. "No! No I No! On my soul, Edward, I have never breathed a whisper of my shame to a living soul. I have never mentioned your nans nr your existence. As there is a God above, I have not." The poor woman cried. " I have hidden myself and my shame and mv grief in poverty ond obscurity, and hoped I should never see your face again," and Bhe burst into a flood of tears. " Oome, this sympathetic business won't go down with me, you know," he Baid; " it may go down with some people, but I know yoti, my lady, and you know me. Are you going to leave tbis cursed hole and oome with me, with yo»r devoted Edward? " and he accompanied his brutal sneer with a fiendish grin. " Oh no, no, never. Leave me in ^ oh, for God's sake do. I will give you all I have. All I It isn't much, but you shall have all if you will but leave me in peaee." " Yes, the wife to'live in luxury while the husband starves. Ob, I have heard of you. All about you. The talented authoress, whose latest compositions have created such a furore in musieal circles. Well paid, to», I'm told. That's lucky, for I'm devilish hard up, juBt now." " And would you rob me of my very bread. Oh I Edward, you would not do that, and after all the ill you have wrought me ? " "No," ho replied, with a sardonic smile, " we'll share it together—love." "Never, never," she cried, roused into fuiy by his laat taunt. " Edward Curtis, if that be your real name, for I know not even that, listen to me now. You have at last driven me to bay, and I care not if I proclaim my wiongs oven in the market plaee. I hated you, I feared you, now I despise you." " Quite melo dramatic, I declare. What a figure you will make oa the stage, when I place you there, my deai- Beatrix." Beatrix I" I had stepped forward to smite the cowardly savage to the floor. That word Baved him. It was the key note, the missing link. It flashed across my mind like a ray of light, The portrait, the initials, B.C.T. Beatrix Cbewynd—Talfeot. Groat Heavens, what a revelation. She went on in the torrent of her passion. The fiery blood of the Lords of Alton had come to the front, and no mistake. " Look at that miserable ruffian, that cowardly bully," she said, "he married me when I was a girl, a young and innocent girl. Stole me from my father's house, and married me in Seotland, he did, Captain Edward Curtis. A fine captain, cashiered for peculation, a roue, a gambler, nay, worse, a sharper. I married him, and killed my mother, and earned my father's curse. Oh, that I had torn off the ears that listened to bis lying vows, had pluoked out the tongue that made the fatal promise. We went to Baden, Hombourg, Ems, everywhere where there were pigeons to be plucked. God help me,' and. her voice died away in a piteous wail, "I did not know it then. I was oung and innocent. Ah me I He robbed e of my last farthing. Then ho stole, es stole, my jewels, for I had jewels, plonty, nd I took them with ale when I eloped. And ll this time be bad another wife alive. I earnt it afterwards, after the poor creature wa3 dead. I knew it, but I could not prove it egally. He had married her in Prance under nother name. When I charged him with it he aughed, and dared mo to do my worst. Then he, oh Heaven, I cannot speak the disgraceful words—ho would have sold me to 1 eternal shame, but I fled, Hed iu hanger and poverty with my dying child, my little Beatrix on ray breast. I wandered, I know not whither, for I was mad after my baby died. The light had gone out of my life for ever. People were kind to the half demented woman, and I earned a subsistence by my musical talents. Once I met him in Munich. I asked him for charity ior I was hungry, and he spurnod me with a curso and a blow. Then I sought refuge in the river, but I was saved from that crime on the brink, by an angel iu woman form who sheltered me, and made me up a littlo purse to take me home. I went penitent and broken hearted to my father's house, but lie would not see me. He sent me money, some money^ and bade me begene. I came to Australia to hide my shame and disgrace in another land aud under another name. My history since that you know, Mr. Grant." "Upon my word a very pretty story, aud very effectively told, for the stage, only it laokspno element, namely that of truth. This mty3 woman's story is a tissue of lies from beginning to end " said Curtis coolly.- " One portion of it is true at all events," I said, " that you took this poor lady's jewels, and that you have pawned them, I know." He looked at me curiously. " You know ? " e asked. I looked him square iu the face, aud said irmly " Yes, I know, John Johnson." He started as if .he had been stung, and lared at me savagely, " What the devil is the eaning of this jugglery he oried. What do ou know ? Who are you ? " Never miud that. Never mind what I w. I know you. That's oneugh. Now o you know what being shadowed by the etectives means ? " ' H« gave a long disconcerted whistle, aud is jaw dropped perceptibly. " Then perhaps ou know—" " I know who this lady is, and was, and hat's more to the purpose I know who and hat you are. Why man I saw you ou the aceoourse on Cup Day and who you wore ith, and what you were up to. I saw you follow tho cab to this very house. Itaaw you pledge a gold repeater watch, a bracelet aud and a diamond ring in Bourke street, the otbor day, There'B a lockot tou that I know all about. The arms ou tho watch and the « t wd Mtials orthrioctorare^e^ «.-viJjitKc thai all events." " But they were my wifo't ing to a sickly paleness. " Bab I don't be alisurd. distinguished swell mobsman' travel incognito. No, no mo could if you were a prince, or i sides, we happen to have e, few lives here, and they're generally thou fairly fly." ' ThiB was a pretty tall game of my part, but every shot told. HisS lip trembled, and he said in " What's the lay ?" " That you'll know soon enough if youil clear out, and that quiekly too. Would'* like this pretty story to be told before a magistrate? He absolutely trembled with terror.". _ " You're a poor, cowardly rase&l; after Don't be alarmed.' You're not required jlist at\\. present;' but if you are we know well enough y when and where to lay our hands on" youi '^ Now you can go; but mark me now, if ,you ; .. dare to annoy this lady agaio, by .word, letter,.' «r message, you're booked sure, and yon may ' guess what that means. Now go. Stop though, hand me over those pawn tickets for the property belonging to Lady Beatrice Chetwynd, Talbot." > He was completely cowed, and handed the.m over with trembling hands, and without a word. During this unexpected denouement, Mies . Tulk, as I still call her, stood gazing and lis- 1 tening like one in a dream. The tables were so completely turned on ber persecutor that she seemed as if she could neither understand. nor believe what was occurring. . -i" But when tho man sho had once loved ' turned to slouch away, all the pity of a great, v woman's heart burst forth in its tendeineis. ^ " Ob, Edward, that it should como to this ,to " this, at last. An outcast and a vagabond on - the face of the earth. See, here iB money. ' Twenty pounds. It will keep you from starving and from temptation. Take it in Heaven's name, and reform. See here, too is a lock ot baby's hair cut from her bead -aa sbe lay in her little coflin in far off jflrmany. - When you are tempted to evil, look at it and ' pray for help. £.nd now go your way, and may God, iu his infinite mercy forgive—you— -1—1—I—I—" He slouched out without a word, even as she spoke, and with true womanly consistency she seized my hand, kissed it gratefully,'ond then fell in a dead faint on the floor. I/EKVOI. Tlfree years later, and we all—except poor Frank Yardley—are again at Flemington to see the Cup Race of 1882. It is certainly a change for the worse, so far as weather is coneerned, for although it was bad enough for dust then, we have had the dust fiend rampant all morning, and a downpour of soaking rain all afternoon. Not that we mind it much, for we ore well under cover. But there are other changes as we hope and think for the tester, for which Mother Bristles has in a great measure to account. From the Chateau de Birtles, Bob Brown has led Cassandra Drummond, no unwilling victim to the altar of Hymen; and, not to be outdone, George Saville has performed the eame feat with Aaiia Gadd. Mrs. Birtles is as cherry-lipped am} roaycheeked as ever, and Mrs. Moss "wears the same fearfully and wonderfully oolored dresses as of yore. *. Miss Tulk—we always call her Miss Tulk —who, although she has risen to fame and consequent wealth, sticks to the old home, and is likely to do Bo until Bhe leaves it for a permanent one. She is happy and content n the love of her old friends, although the shadow of hsr great grief can never be totally effaced. Joanna is, it is mysteriously reported, keeping company, "which, if you please, he's a baker, and quite respectable." The baby, always tho baby, has grown to the dignity of short dresses—not frocks mind —and pantalettes, and is dignified accordingly. There are some new faces in the housa, but old Skerry philosophises as usual in the corner, and takes the head of the table vice the " Father of the Chapel," retired. I am there too and am yet looked upon as a rising leading luminary—still rising, you will observe. Tom Drummond is stationed in a bank in Williamstown, but calls and bees us now and again. Dr. Brightstone, I beg his pardon, the Hon. Dr. Brightstone, for he has attained that honorable and well-desorvod position, is as - choery and perhaps a little stouter than he used to be, oul Btitl holds bis aunu&l; levee on Cup day. And Birtlss, did be ever turn Hp ? I don't hink so. But I do know that about eighteen onths ago Mrs. B. went up the oountry uddenly for about a fortnight, taking the aby with her, aud returned with very "red yes, and deep mourning. Perhaps that had omething to do with the errant one. Edward Curtis has faded from sight, lmost fronit memory. WhttUer he reformed r not no one knows. Lot us only trust that he little curl might have tlie effect oa that bad man prayed ior by the donor, and that in the Master's good time, even the 'jlackncss of bis Bins may be turned into the pure white of the perfect day. 