1 Tennessee Gliost Gomes- to a house in Hamilton County, and -rocks tue. baby to sleep every night. "Kotv, tuen, by ull the dwellers in the nether gloom. If there is a restless gliost of any old ancestor . of ours would hke to find steady employment :at good wages m a quiet family snd" good neighborhood, we can give the perturbed spirit all it wants to do in the silent line of .general housework, with Sunday afternoon fcr itseli, and one mght out every week when it could-go around and raise a ghostly racket with the neighbors, and haant all the lonelv ; houses in the neighborhood. What a gem of a house-servant a ghost , would be. Kc-re "sass" back; always invisible. The pie would come on the table as though it were sailing through the air : the carpet-Eweeper would perform its noisdess functions triihoni the howling accompaniment of "Gnah-nsgnah-na-tua- wah—that wtir tbe place whayre the whisky is iilenthy—whack! fol dhc rol •loi!\ - And at ninht it .could haunt a]] the objeafaonsble neighbors until they fled the neighoorhood, and property would depredate seventy-five per cent., when we could buy it in and whack up with,the ghost. So h'aht and 110 fire required for, the' ghost's room. So private watchman wanted on the block : no . dog on the premises. When a burglar climbed an at tue window, and felt the cold, clammy fingers of the ghost wriggling down the back of his neck; when.He drove a ten-inch bo^rie-kniie clean through the ghost's bosom five times, and the spectre smiled sadly at Mm, and showed him where -his throat had been cut clear c>:~ nine years before—how the robber would drop his kit and wing his restless flight to realms beyond the farther limits of fee city corporate. And when the door-bell rang, the ghost would just stick its head clear through the key-hole and -see who was there before the door was opened. -And there would be no sweethearts loafing about tne kitchen Sunday nights—sh, no. Truly, a ghost would be a great boon to tne home, and it any of our readers know of a ghost out of a job, send him at once to this office. —The Argonaut. 