The i?itclitown Race, ,'. arid how it was won. .-?:?; (IW R. J. Lbioh.) ,;.;:?; ??. ? Pitchtow^ was ? I'WniJli country, village in thu west of England, but it was only credited with boing a town because it managed its own local'affairs, had a vestry, a rate-collector, and a beadle. It 'was a place where: every body Knew tue uusiueaa uiuidijuu'/ else '.and. there were few who scrupled to join- 'in the general gossipithat oc curred, The name was singularly ap propriate to the place, as whenever any uew, arrival came ho was seldom known to leave. Thn inhabitants wore all fossilized, and varied with each other in telling stories of years and years ago. If the town barber knew of something that had occurred no less thau, ' twenty years agone this very month, sir,' the beadle would say ' I mind the time well; it was just upon two years after Tim Brackett got killed,' and thus the cr mies who useu w mcou w an evening would proceed for hours with storfes of the good old times, which wore of course, according to them, far hotter than the present. I cannot exactly say what brought me to Pitchtown except that it was the train to the. nearest station, and an old-fashioned gig to the inn. The driver niuuled up in one of those ninnv 1-n.np.d overcoats was far from ? loquacious, and time was given to sur vey the dobbin which of course proved to be a dapple grey. 'Surely,' said I to myself ' if the doctor did order me rest and quietness ho need not have Rent me into the dark ages of long ago'. I am nat natu rally supersticious-1, . but had any one been so placed he might well have been excused for being so. It was snowing hard, but the coach man beside me sat still ns death, nor even moved to shake the flakes from his capacious coat. Once only did I venture on terms of intimacy by offer inghim myspirit flask, but, 'only drinks y'ale' was the reply in a voica which sounded hoarso and uncanny on that lonely road. The night was dark, ~ pilch- dark, and the trees standing out boldly in their white garments looked strangely like ghosts flitting throuah the crpave-vard. Thoughts like these would keep rushing through my mind, and having been accustomed to town life each crackling l-ow, or passing night-bird made me long to see what sort of place this doctor had sent his patient to for quiet and rest during the Christmas holidays. At last a house came in sight, then another, and driving halfway up a long old. fashioned street we suddenly stopped outside one of those good old inns where in the olden days they sold good October nlo, nor thought oC adul teration by tobacco juice. The driver nf. mv s\An neither snokc nor stirred, hut on recollecting tlio only words upoken by him on thn lonely journey I said as cheerily as possible ' come, will a pint of ale do you 1 ' The ori ginal character, who probably turned liiclaucholy after playing Hamlet's ghost for one hundred consecutive nights to bare benches in a provincial theatre slowly descended, took my portmanteau in hand, and muttered simply ' a quart.' Fortunately the whole' of tlio party in the house were not so silent, and so careful of their language as the driver, and a jolly old fellow who it was quickly to be seen was the landlord, welcomed me to a cheer? lire, gave the order for some thing' hot and strong, hurried up to tell the missus to get a bit of some thing to cat, and the best bed ready, nud then came and announced all lie had done with a self satisfied smile which seemed to say ' if wo be a little old fashioned, we be as hospitable as anyone.' The old man who might have been forty by lithe step and cheery voice; or sixty i£ judging by a well colored face and grey whiskers, did not seem to like to start the conversation, but knowing he had ordered supper, and was not altogether without a flow of language, I commenced by saying, « It's a bitterly cold Tiight, landlord ' The old man at once ran to the door, and at first J. tnougnc inaii one auuuu of' a human voice was a forbidden luxury in this extraordinary town. -Coyld it bo that there was no reality in this. That I was dreaming. No, not that? The ticking of the old clock could be heard dis tinctly, the chairs could bo grasped, the live enabled me to light a pipe, the1 tobacco could be smelt. Musing thusly : arid wondering whether perhaps I had not been transported some ?hundreds of years backhand knowing ?'that such things had been described in povels, I'was immensely relieved when ifeheold fellow returned with a couple ' .of 'logsofwood which ho put on the v 'fire,- remarking-: 'It be cold, sir, there's no doubt, 'baf'bless yer twenty- five years ago it rono *i;v» bitterest, nieht you over see. It was tfcut time too as, but here comes your supper, sir!' _ The tray was brought in already 'laid,' a plate 'of beef, bread, cheese, a foaming pirit':of ale, and the usual country innaccessories, and having .thoroughly: enjoyed a hearty supper ?with appetite heightened by a cold drive, . I threw mynelf back m the ?chair, and noticed that £ho jolly old landlord still had his eyes ajced on myself. ' Good, sir ¥ said he in %at inonsyllabic language that always : frightened hie into thoughts of having goneback into the ages of tho past. \- Ypu have really done capitally, ? landlord,' I replied, 'Can you bring t a bottle of good port, and join me ma chat, for before I go 5to bed I should like to know whether I am dreatjnng, or whether Pitchtown : is; one hundred years behind' tho age.' ,. ., ' As fur the bottle of port lie eaid: with the- usual addition, ' I've had that thore port as you and I, thanking you sir, will drink together, in, my cellar for nigh on forty year. As for your being dreaming that old ale as has been in the collar for five years come next October, may have made you sleepy, but bless, you, sir, Pitchtown is the loveliest place as ever you seed in your born days. Ancient!' Such a long' speech at once revived my animal spirits, but the last word addressed in an interrogatory . form brought to the door a dismal looking driver, who, taking the order from the host, remarked ' keys' before he left, and receiving them went away only to say when he came back with the bottle and glasses ' there.' Then he retired and myself and host proceeded to con versation. He was uot at all a bad old follow, and was very loquacious about the people in the district and the town itself. When it was proposed to run 11 railway line close to the place the shopkeepers, and gentry combined to prevent one. Trade thought it would spoil trade, and gentry thought it would commouise gentry. Tho town seemed flourishing, and prided itself that it had no London notions introduced, and I was led to believe that those who held estates around were excessively hos pitable, or as my friend the host said could ' ride any man over any couutry, and drink the best under the table.' The cheerful nature of the landlord, and tho inspirating effect of the port sent me to bed in good humor, and all dismal thoughts were expelled. Be sides this I had heard there was to be a ' meet' in the morning, and mine host had promised me ' as good a nag as ever strode o'er a Pitchtown run this thirty year back.' Waking in the morning at broad daylight I was surprised to find it wh'k onlv sis o'clock, but on looking through my window which looked over the yard everything appeared to be in a state of bustle. Ostlers and grooms in numerable were abroad, and horses of tine mettle, and looking well up to limiting weight were being groomed down. Kven my friend the ' Ancient' seemed livened up, and was hither and thither amongst the crowd directing movements. It distance had mostly seut their horses to tho inn stables over night, and in tended to drive- to the scene of the meet, which as it appeared was only a mile and a-half away. It consequently happened that after a hearty breakfast, and mounted on the hunter which my landlord had so kindly lent I found myself indebted to grooms and ostlers for finding tfio way to the start. Jn case any captious reader may ask how it came that one travel ling for quiet and rest came to carry top boots, riding et ceteras, and spurs with him, I may as well can didly confess that they wore borrowed from the host who remarked ' they belonged to my Harry, Sir, who twelve years since could lead his field anywhere.' Sensible of being mounted on a good horse, of being dressed in fault less attire, of beiug free from all cares of work, andjoi: being untroubled with the torments of a disappointed lover, I felt inclined to shout out the ' Tallyho chorus' at the top of my voice, as the hill on which the party had assembled came into view. No ono who has not seen id can imagine the beautv of a hunting scene before .11 *1 i ? ?_.! __nc rpi. -. „-*„! tilts U0UUU8 I1.1VS UlltJll OIL. XUO uuui crisp morning air heightens the color of the cheeks of the palest, and seems to give a, spirited expression to every countenance. The bright red coats dancing in the glistening sun as the horses caracole and prance around lend beauty to a scene of wintry wildness. The handsome drags, barouches, and dog-carfcs containing ladies with sparkling eyos and eager faces drawn up and surrounded by gallant cavaliers — all form a sur rounding of unsurpassed brilliancy with perhaps a touch of the ferocious as the hounds stand baying in the distance waiting for the time when, thoy shall be loosened and their tongues intuitively rendered silent. Amidst this scone I stood alone, know ing no one, and only waiting for the start so that a friend of the hunting field might be made, as many firm and fast friends are made when men take leap and leap together, and face all obstacles in the excitement of ' Halloa, what brings you down hero' were the words that interrupted my reflections, and turning round I saw my old friend Harry Stanstield, superbly mouute'J, and looking some what dandified, at my side. ' Came down last night, doctor, ordered me quiet, Pitchtown seems to answer that prescription, but, Harry, what are you doing here 1 ' Oh, just spending Christmas week at the Hall, the Colonel is a near rela tion of my Governor's, and I generally COme UOWU UOI;d. J.IIU.U O t* UUO uumo you have brought down.' i It's not mine,' T replied laughingly, M'm stopping at the inn- and the old landlord lent it to jne for to-day,' Harry looked borrifiejd. TJie idea of riding a hired horse seemed to him 'one, of,- those things which would only occur to the mind of a low plebiau, and his., aristocratic mind rebelled against having a friend who could so ?lower himself. However, he quickly regained his wontod good temper, and said, .' come along, come and see the Colonel and the girls, they are rather jolly, but they arb not hunting tq-day or I'd pair you off with one.' This reckless style of talking of the ladies ootnewhat astonished me, and I thought Hurry must be on very in timalje termB with the f amijy to speak as be did. So it appeared ho was, for generous as his introduction, was,' and, kindly as i,t was received there'inight have been spine omissions. Riding up to a barouche whoroin sat an ?-.-!Ali.feJ*i*-tf elderly gentleman, and two ladies ho said, ' I say Colonel, Polly, Bess, here's a friend of mine, studied too hard, come down fora rest, stopping about here, not a bad sort of fellow, good style altogether, let's introduce you. Oh, by jove, there's Singleton ' and off he cantered leaving me covered with blushes, and in the greatest state of confusion. The colonel quickly relieved tho .embarrassment he saw I felt, aud hold ing out his hand said ' glad to welcome you to Pitchtown sir. These are my two daughters. I hope that the change of air and scene will give you rest and that you will enjoy the hunt. That is a fine hunter you ride sir, he ought to show some of our country riders over the fences. You are stay ing at the Court perhaps ? ' , Had I spoken the truth then and said I was stopping at the inn, all would have been well, but somehow Harry'B look, and the presence of tho two beautiful girls before mo made mo mutter something which could be taken for either assent or denial, and after a few more commonplace words I left the carriage and mixed amongst the hunters who, having seen me talk ing to the colonel thought I was a friend of the family and consequently tried to make matters pleasant for a stranger. But nearly every one re marked ' that is a fine hunter of your's ' but cowardice, and perhaps a large amount of foolish pride pre vented my saying it was a hired horse. Still it puzzled me somewhat to umder stand how an innkeeper should be possessed of au animal of such superb quality, and patting the horso on the neck as his praises wore sounded I would say, ' good Hector, quiet old boy,' never thinking that the day of reckoning and ignominy would arrive, Even now the expression ' that iB a fine hunter' makes me writhe inwardly and rouses the deepest passion. EPL3ODE II. Thore is no necessity to describe the hunt. Though not an excellent rider I soon found that my steed was a sturdy jumper, and the further we went the more exhilarating grew the chas^. Confidence in the animal you stride is every thing, and buoyed up by athorough belief in the hired horse I kept my place with the best in the field. ' By Jove, that fellow has a clinker' I heard a dashing cavalry-officer remark to a country squire as we were riding pace and pace, and sooth to tell he was perfectly right. The country gone over was rough, many had gone to grief, and some of them had been reluctantly compelled to pull in horses it would have been absolute cruelty to ride farther. It was a fast ruu, and after a time, I could not calculate, how long excitement having led to complete loss of any idoa on thnt score, only four men were left in the field. It was an exciting time, and rendered more s'- by acerttiin circumstance that attended. Before we started off, and while conversing with some of the other hunters my oars were suddenly start led by hearing somebody say ' who is that cockney follow, ho can't ride that horse.' Harry Stansfield had immu diately remarked, ' he is a friend of mine,' and the young cub as I thought him said no more. no was well mounted too, and sat his horse like a man. One of the best pictures ever seen in Punch was at tho time of tho Crimean war. On one side was a draw ing room sceue depicting drawling and lisping dandies, and on the other a picture of the charge of the Light Bri gade with the same faces, the difference boing that in ono case thoy were draw ing room fo.is, and in the other case British soldiers. This did not occur to my memory till long after. At llllj 1UUO UI1U ^UUMg UUUUJ wuu X uuuft for a conceited fool was the hardest of all my companions to overcome, and hunted with desperate determination to come in first and beat the ' cockney follow.' With spirits roused, and animated perhaps by a newly aroused feeling, I rodo in :i straight line after the hounds knowing tho hired horse would carry me over. We two were riding side by sido little expecting we would hereafter become rivals in a difforcnt manner. 'That is a splendid horao of yours,' ho said after we had together negotiated a rather ugly ditch, and the tone in which it was said seemed to imply that I was a bad equestrian. — ' You are n good ridor.' I could not help replying in such a tone as to mean that his horse was rather a bad ono. The challenge mutually thrown out seemed to bo mutually taken, as, coming to a ploughed field wo both leaped in together, and saw the houuds take a sudden turn which led us on to a broad ditch wjth n wall beyond. ' Can your horse jump that ? ' cried my companion as putting spurs to his steed he flashed passed me. _ Without considering the danger, with anger heaving in my breast I followed, and as my gallant hunter rose and landed me safely on the o'ther side there was no time for looking round as I had lost my hold on the saddle and the ' brush' was within sight. 'When this was secured 1 turned back, but found that the 'young .snob' as I' inwardly called him had fallen at tho jump, and was ami and frnm linad to foot. Huiltinff calamities will often heal up all quarrels, and having helped to sorape the mud off my whilom enemy I was compelled to confess my ignoranco of the district, and asked the way to Pitchtown. ' Ob,,' he said ' never mind going to your own quarters, cqme to the Colonels, it is only a milo oj so from here.' In a rash moment the invitation was accepted, and in about half an hour we arrived at a prettily situated tjjansioti, and were greeted by a large party on the lawty with a cry of ? didyou killf ' .'?'. ' , , - ''Did yo'u get' tl-e brush, Qeorgp P ' said a young lady who I recognised as being one of the Colonel's daughters. ' No1 he replied, ' we had -i di-.vilnh stiff jump at tho finish. It Ls not every man who could take it. I chal lenged him in a spirit of malvoloncc because he had kopt up with me so long, and I fell in the ditch, as you can see (said he ruefully gaziug at his clothes) while this gontleman secured the prize. He owns a splendid horse.' ' Allow rao to congratulate yon' said the young lady with a smile, that few could resist without feeling a warmer passion, we are not quito strangers as Harry introduced us to-day, you are a good rider, a bold one, and you own a beautiful horse.' Again the tempter stole over me, and gallantly offering the ' brush,' I re plied, ' my riding you certainly aie fluttering, but the praiae of (I paused, but out it came) my horse is exceed ingly acceptable to myself.' In the meandmo the Colonel had arrived, and hearing 1 hud been the hero of tho hunt cordially invited rao to dinner- This [ declined somewhat reluctantly, fearful the genial host might send the police after a horse — stealer. He insisted, ' come,' he said, 'you are frightened your horse will suffer, come to mv stables and my chief groom shall see to all his wants. A stranger, who on his fir3t day, leads our hunt- field cannot refuse the hospitality of the G-ran^e. My daughters request you, you cannot refuse.' Linking arm in arm, I explained to tho Colonel I was down for quiet and resr, out je was or no avail, ana navmg seen the horse fairly stabled, and well cared for, wo returned to the ladies. ' Ladies and gentlemen,' said the Colonel, as wecameon to tho lawn where the huuters and fair spectators were enjoying a quiet half-hour's talk over the events of the meeting, ' 1 think that our young friend here dosnryes to be known without formal introduction. Pitchtown people have averred that our country riders are the best to be found, but a Cockney has beaten us all on his own horse, and we once, until now, thought as much of our horse nesu as we am ot our nuers. uome into the dining room and drink bumpers to the health of our new arrival, and the splendid horso he has with him !' 'With one accord everybody rose, and although I made a vain attempt at explanation by saying 'excuse me Colonel,' I was immedia tely silenced by a chorus of female voices chiming in sof r. chorus, ' what a bashful winner,' The men said, 'The Colonel has taken to that fellow somehow, but he can't ride a little bit, and where on earth did he get his norse r Fortunately for mo Harry Stansfield was not present, but after events showed me that, even if ho had been, he would never have acknowledged that an intimate friend of his who he hud introduced into ' society' had bor rowed a horse in order to present tho trophy of victory to the young lady he had so familiarly introduced me to as ' Bessie. ' The Colonel's houso was one of those seldom to be found in England pro per, but often to be found in the counties adjoining Wales. The colonial iustinct that a residence is no good unless it is on a hill probably derives its origin from the model we have before us. A fine double story build ing, with wide double entrances back and front, and exits on to the surrouuding garden from every conceivable point are tho chief beauties of a well constructed English house with rooms enough for numerous visitors, and a splendid host to entertain them. Of such was the Colonel, he was a widower, but had two lovelv daughters. He was a chivalrous old fellow, and a staunch British soldier. When the news came of the death of his son in the Crimea he simply said ' how did he die? ' The reply came ' he volunteered to go with a party on a dangerous exploit.' The old Colonel bowed his head, tears bedimmod his eyes for a short moment, then standing up at full length lie raised his arm to Heaven and said ' one is lost, would I had seven more sons to lose their lives, if ho happen, in tho service of Queen Victoria.' As an old military man of independent means, but compelled to retire through a wound received while in active service he seeihed to have lost his first sense of grief in the knowledge that no more of the honorable family of Mowbray would yield the swora in aeience oi ins country. ±stit, withal, the Colonel was passionately fond of his daughters though he often playfully told them he wished they would turn out to he ' Joan D'Arcs.' With this deviation from the narrative it is also necessary to state that the Colonel was a devotee to sport of evory kind, and over his good old port, used to delight his guests with stories of tiger hunting, elphant races, duels, and the steeplechases of olden days. ' 3?or,' said he, as we were walking through the stables, and he mourn fully reminded me of Pitchtown proper ' that hunter of yours . would have beat Nagle, which forty years ago won the Grand Steeplechase over the Parchfield course, and only won through the jockey pulling him uvul* tat? uuuvmHb suu. wan xq\i ueau. I felt Bomehow or other, that it was the hunter that had pulled me over that day and not my judicious riding. With this short description of the character of tho Colonel it is time to turn to the events of the evening. Mqst of tljose. who had accepted the colonel's hospitality were in hunting rig, and it is not usual for men to carry dress suits on their saddles when following the hounds. Besides this the dinner to which the hospit able Colonel had invited his friends was an altogether impromptu affair, , fche ]adies having1 promised to spend an afternoon with his daughters, and the ge:.tlemen having of course acci dentally dropped in to the house as they dropped off the route the quarry had taken. But an impromptu dinner to a few huuting friends in costume, not quite en regie, does not trouble a man of means with a country house, and about seven o'clock we found our ?seWos seated at a tiblo loaded with all that could be desired in the w-y '.if eatables, and a sideboard groaning with wines of evory description. To some the congregation may have seemed incongruous ; but none but those who have been suddenly thrust into the society that reigns around a place like Pitchtown could under stand the mixture of hunting coats, clerical attire, evening dress, and ladies in both morning and dinner costume. Of course those who stopped at the house had tho opportunity to make themselves preaentablo and my friend Harry, and field antagonist, George, were amongst thenutnber. It must bo related that I had fallen deeply in love with the Colonel's daughter Bessie, and it was not with out twings of jealousy that I noticed thealmo8tfamiliarterms which the'cub' attempted to assume. ' Contemptible puppy' was my inward remark though it is strange that the same ill-feeling did not be~ar towards Harry. He, it was soon known to mo wag engaged to ' Polly,' and the prospective soa-iu-law of the Colonel could of conrse take what liberties he liked. ^Im Inline 1.nfil«ftf1 f.n f.TlR ^ »»»mr_ ing-room after dining was over, and Harry followed his fiance for a tele a tile, when again that terrible bete noir (the acknowledged ownership of a hired horse), which I had not the courage bo remove rose against me. ' By Heavens, sir, said the Colonel, the Earl of ? has beeu boasting he has the best cross country horse in the midland and eastern counties, but if he can beat yours, well, why I'll eat my hat.' A chorus of ' it must be a stunner to boat that fellow,' and ' I'd like to back him against the Earl,' followed this remark, and I feebly protested that mine was a very good horse, and they would be safe in backing him against anything owned by anybody, especially it the jumps were suit. Then, excited by wine, and exuberant at an un expected success, I suddenly exclaimed, ' Owners up, my horse at/ainst- the 'Earl's, and I'll g'o £100 myself, the race to bo the course ridden to-day. A ring of glasses round the table showed my challenge had the hearty sympathy of all, but the dandified ' George' who had fallen in the ditch at the last obstacle in the hunt, was tho only one who rose to the challenge, and quietly remarked : ' my £100 agiiiiisc yours.' For the next few minutes the table resounded with bets, counter bets, and odds, while I, having some belief that a good bribe would keep the innkeeper quiet answered questions concerning the capabilities of my horse as if it was my own The match was ar ranged between ' George ' and myself, and an agrooment signed for one hun dred guineas a-side, owners to ride their own horses, to come off on the 26th December. EPISODE III. Soon after the gentlemen rose for coffoo in the drawing room, and spurs having been adroitly drawn off by those in hunting costume and hung on the hat racks, the miscellaneous as semblage were conducted to the ladies by the genial Colouel who insisted on retaining me by his side as ' the winner of the brush,' and tho owner of the best hunter ever seen over Pitchtown couutry. It was an enjoyable evening. 'Bessie' took pity ou my solitary position amongst so many strangers, and thanked me over and over agaiu for having given herthebrush, for,said she, ' If Harry had won it he would of course given it to ' Polly;' and she gets so many. Harry must feel dis appointed he was behind to-day for he generally follows the hounds, but his horse went lame.' Again I expressed my pleasure at having beenable to present so trivial a token, but incidentally remarked that Harry must be a little annoyed that his ' shipmate,' that was the word used to designate the man I kuew as ' George ' only, had not beaten me in tho hard fought race. She laughed merrily. ' George' she saiu in BOinewuat cteprecacory accents, ' why ! he thinks, he can ride anything over anything, and has never come in first yet. He is only a boy,' and waving her fan in his direction she called him across to where we sat. Knowing of the bets made in the dining room I was in & ferment ot terror lest he should let escape to her that I had made them but he appeared equally solicitions with myself to say nothing. Asheapporoachedshetaiitalisi/iglysaid ' Georgie, what made you let a stranger, and a Cockney too, get the best of you in the hunting field?' His brow darkened for a moment, and I feared a storm, but ho remarked somewhat significantly though she did not notice the accent, ' that gentleman's horse got tho best of me this time. He seems to know how to nirlrt liiR ninn linpafi.1 Could this upstart puppy as I still thought him know any thiug. Had he also stopped at the inn, and had the 'Ancient' been showing him the glories of the stable. There was something in his manner all day that had annoyed me. The remark' made about the fine horso the Cockney was on, the challenge in tho. field, the bets at dinner table, all Hew through my mind, at treble thought time, and my relief only came when Bessio' some what sarcastically remarked, :.,', i ' But, George, if you could ride your own horse, a.s well as he did his, you might he well satisfied,' With one of those abominable monosyllabic utterances he simply said ' I can,' and turned round to join another lady. I felt in utter misery, but could not tear myself from the pleasant com panionship in which the Colouel's hospitality had placed me. All thoughts of the terrible George passed from my tnind, and it was only when tho clock struck eleven I felt that some of the mont blossful hours ever experienced in my existence had seemed but as minutes I was hope lessly in love, and had reason to believe that even our short acquaintance had availed sufficiently to make Bessio not quite indifferent to me. ' Must you go so soon ' she said in the sweetest accents as I rose to wish the Colonel good-bye, ' surely you will stop with us till to-morrow.' The Colonel piessed the invitation but I was anxious to return to the inn, and restore the horse, and amid very cordial farewells I mounted the ? horse of the day ' and cantered quietly homo. The night was calm and clear, and as I travelled my thoughts were of no unmixed nature. Who has not talked aloud on the night ride, when no reporters could be about? Very few,. In this case beiug frightened not of reporters I spoke somewhat in this strain to the horse, as the only auditor. The reader will find it rather mixed. ' Vps A varv rrnnA linrsfi. nnfl ought to win the bet too. She is a pretty creature, would the Colonel think me good enough. I wonder how much the landlord would take for him. Very kind of Stansfield to introduce me, nico girls. Why did that fellow take me up so suddenly, Bother it all T. think I'll go in for Bessie. Didn't that George come a cropper though. She is awfully nice. But if I don't manage to buy the horse how about the Colonel ? Never mind, no good worrying, ' Get up Hector,' and in a minute or two the ' indent ' had taken the horse, aucl as I gave him halfa crowiihe said interrogatingly ' like uu?! 'Hather' I replied dropping into Pitchtown abbreviations myself, and having been satisfied the ' Ancient ' set a value on the horse as much as I had done that day I entered the inn. Going straight to the bar-parlor which had been empty on the night before I was surprised to seo a lot of elderly and respectable-looking men surrounding the table with their long churchwarden pipes, imd screws of tobacco, and tho inevitable pints of 'yale.' As 1 entered, one old fellow, seemed to be relating some anecdote, and unnoticed I stopped at the dour and with pardon iblo curiosity listened. ' You see, friends,' said tho old follow, pointing hither and thither with his pipe stem,' I happened to be a driving in a tumbril when I saw the hounds a coining full tear over the fiuld beyond. I stopped of course, and thinks I to myself, 'tis a mighty good man and horse tooaa will follow as far as this. For you sec I kuowed they must have covered rough eountry. When np comes Master George, and another gent as I think must bo a stranger at the Court, and they goes clap together at the ditch, and the stranger cleared it, and LTliLHUGl VXCUl^C LCIl I LJ UH13 IUUU, A chorus of voices expressed dis bnlief in the story, but as I just entered the old man said ' and that's the stranger I'll be sure, take a seat and join a few old bodies sir. Stranger though you are we are, glad and proud to have such amongst us.' And as the host went to fetch what was required the old man leaned over and whispered ' that is a fine horse of yours.' Had the words beeu said in tho hearing oc tnc nost a mystery nilgai have been explained, but in the jollity of the few hours that passed I forgot all about the purchase matter, and was much amused with the quaint manner's of the Pitchtown people. At an early period of this story I mentioned their habit of re forring to thin-js gone by, but however, annoying it had been to me on the first night it now seemed to become somewhat amusing. It was late when I went to bed, aucl I slum bered soundly after having bidden a hearty en reeoir to my friends of the evening who all said in a kind of chorus come and visit me and the missus sir.' Pitchtown is not so bad a place now as some would make ye believe, but you ought to have seen it years ago. It was a town then.' The next two days flew rapidly, and, my host having to take a trip some fifty miles away the morning after my carouse I had no opportunity of buy ing the horse. At any rate I ques tioned the Ancieut so as to be sure that he would bo available on the 26th December to decide the bet, and the conversation was as follows. ' Is that horso for sale V ' No,' ' Is he sold V ' No.' ' Will be hero the day at tet* Christ mas ?' 'Yes.' 1 You are certain ?' 'Sure.' The good terms upon which I ap peared to be with the landlord, and the certainty that, even it he could not sell, he would lend the horse made mo feel sure of the bet, but such little uneasiness as I may have felt was speedily dispelled on the perusal of the following letter received on the morn ing of December 24. : Tlio Grunge, Decembor 24. The Winner of tho Hunt, ; j, Tho Court. ,. ? ? ? .: ? Bear Sir, ,, ,: ... , : . Tho oxouse for addressing you thus is that Harry is awiiy for' a day 'or two, and' nono oE us thought to ask your rnuno. Knowing you wei'o at tho Court -vq wpj'o sure this, would find you, to,-day, and,, hope. to seo. you early to riiorrow so as to Bjiond ( Christina's witu us. Them ik room for youv iorso !m oui: 'stables, but papa thinks as he has money. on it, also George) it would ho better for you to leavo it with your own groom.. .,..., Beliovome' Yours sincerely, BESSrB JIOWBBAY. Here was a fix indeed. A letter sent for me to the Court, I did know wo lived there, and an invitation de layed. But Bessie had ; it, her wish was law, and early to-morrow 'meant a pleasant stroll, so without further reflection and packed porraante'au, persuaded the ' ancient1' to harness up the gig, and went to the Grange as the 'winner of the hunt,' and' a .self known iinposter. ; ! : EPISODE' IV.. ' ?:; The ' ancient ' and myself drew,.up up at the door in the old fashioned gig, and unfortunately for myself were welcomed at tho hall door by the Colonel and his two daughters. Their profuse expressions of pleasure at my arrival put me somewhat off my guard, and when the Colonel remarked ' tho Agincourt'.s might have lent vou their own carriage,' I simply replied 'ah, yes, but it was .engaged you know.' ? 'Hotel gig, or baronial barouche you are heartily welcome sir, knight of the hunt ' said BesBy gaily, and again there was that intuitive feeling that There's nothing half so sweet iu life As love's young dream. That Christmas Eve passed off pleasantly, and late at night I was glad to hear that Harry Stansfield had re turned. At least I could seek his society and avoid the now horrible George, whenever the adorable Bessie waa otherwise engaged than in en deavoring to make me more and more desperately in love with her. Those only who have themselves felt the tender passion can nnderstand what it means, and those only can understand the difficulties of a now cold and callous narrator in endeavoring to do justico to the matter in a short story. Un educated readers, in matters of love, must accept our assurance that four teen columns would not suffice to fully detail the emotions felt by both Bessie and myself although the acquaintances of such a short period. We, that is I, seemed to be hopelossly in love, and during the visit of such duration many steps were taken in the direction I considered right in order to enable me to call Bessy my own. Thus I thought as I turned round on the pillow, but the cool breezes blowing softly, soon secured sleep, and waf te I away weariness of body, and trouble of mind, ' Blessed light on him who hrst invented sleep 'said Cervantes in Don Quixote, and that night I fervently echoed his memor able ivords, now a familiar quotation. Trouble after trouble seemed to hung over me, and the white flies about owning the hunter and stopping at tho Court became fearful phantas magorias. How it was to end I could not tell, but as Bessie was the goal to be attained, 1 thought no more of consequences, and resolved to carry through the false position that 1 had attained. The reader will readily understand what I mean. There is no man who has not at some time or other in his life time been placed in such a position as to compel him to declare against his own knowledge. Poolish pride runs many of us into difficulties, and the acceptance of a false position, if Oncp. tako.n in t.lio nrpsnncp. nf nnonip. with whom you wish to hold yourself inevitably leads to unpleasant after results. I had condemned myself be fore those to whom I had not the courage to conFess I was a liar, and the result, painful as it was, was no more than just retribution. Christmas morning ! The bell ringers of the old Parish Church were parly at work, and chimed out 'Hark, the herald angels sing, ' and other ap propriate Christmas hymns. Break fast on Sunday's were generally late, but ou this Christmas Day an early gathering at the table was noticeable. There was animation visible in every face, and my dignity and self-assurance, not to say self-conceit were consider ably drawn down when some half dozen exclaimed in disappointed ac cents ' oh, its only you, we thought it was the Earl.' George, who was sitting near me said loudly enough ' I bet he will be here, and that his horse will beat any beast owned by your, London friend.' The tone in which this was said to pass unnoticed and rising hastily from my seat I remarked angrily 'you are of course sufficiently sober to be answerable for your remarks sir.' After the match is concluded to morrow, I will apologise, or ? (tho ladies fright prevented the completion of this sentence) see you again 'he said quietly and left the breakfast room, with a determined step of de fiance. I rose to follow him with impetuous haste, but was compelled to resume ' seat aB the Colonel who sat at the head of the table sternly remarked ' you are my guest, sir,' and any insult offered to you is my affair, not yours.' The little incident that had occurred spoilt the pleasure of the breakfast table, and tho usual hearty chatter which is characterictic of such a naoal at an English country houso assumed a somewhat solemn tone. Over and over again the Colonal tried to induce hilarity, but his attempts although well made were utterly futile. A short half hour, which to me seemed an age, concluded a repast of the most dis agreeable character compared with the. cordial reception of the night before. (To he continued in our New Tear's Supplement.) :,A Cairo oorrospouient assorts thut tho .EgyptiauGovernment has received news from Dueui ol the comploto defeat of tho Mahdi'a nrmy. Official' details, tho correspondent adds, sooui to corroborate thu rnmour { that Obeid baa boon occupied. 