BY AUNT MAGGIE. Between the dark and the daylight. When the night is beginning to lower, Comes a pause in the day's occupations,' That is known as the Children's Hour. -Longfellow. THE UNBIDDEN CHOP. - CULTIVATION. - A BATTLE. - ' ENEMIES OF THE WHEAT.-THE CREEPING THISTLE. -A STORM IN THE TROPICS.-SPIDER-MONKEYS. THE CONVENT IN THE WOODS.-GHOST-HAUNTED.-A. HOWLING WILDERNESS.-THE LIGHTNING'S GLARE. MARMOSETS IN THE GUM TREE.-Now.-LEARNING TO SWIM.-THE JENNY WREN'S HOME.-A HOME- GROWN SILK GOWN.-MULBERRY CULTURE.-THE LETTER BOX. I HAVE just come in from walking round my garden and contemplating the unbidden crop which these con- tinued,rains produce. " Nothing grows so fast as the . weeds," said my gardener, in despair, the other day. And, indeed, I don't wonder at his despair. The word cultivation means a great and terrible battle with the vast army of wild things. The earth brings forth thorns and thistles for us as it did for Adam, and the bread we eat has to be fought for and won. Just look at this one head of thistle, or pluck one for yourselves and examine it, my pets ; thistles grow everywhere, and are as familiar to you as your own little finger tips. Here are heads of thistle-down just ready to be scat- tered ; one puff of wind and away they go, hundreds and thousands of winged seeds floating over the land to settle and take root and bear seed after their kind. What chance have the corn-growers against this vast army 1 They must till arid prepare the soil, then sow their seed ;. but the unbidden multitude of thistles come and take possession, to say nothing of all the other weeds. I have not time to glance at all the other enemies of the wheat crops, but I have just a few words for you about this particular one. I hope you will pur- sue the subject and ti nd out some of the others for "yourselves. This is a head of what is called the creeping thistle, because, in addition to its habit of pro- pagating itself by floating seeds, it has a sneaking trick of creeping underground by means of a buried root stock. It is a terrible foe to agriculture all over the world, and has no equal for hardiness of constitution. Cut it down and a new head springs below the wound ; hack it close to the ground and the root stock pushes out a fresh young shoot ; root it up bodily, and the seed blows over from neighbouring fields at harvest time, just in time to be buried at the autumn ploughing. It lays itself out to be troublesome, and I must say it suc- ceeds admirably, like some other things I know that are not weeds. Here is a glowing description of A TROPICAL THUNDERSTORM which will interest you, I think, and teach you how com- paratively little we have to fear from our own British storms, violent though they seem to us at times. "Not a leaf stirred ; all was quiet ; only the tree cicadas kept up their monotonous chirp. A lead-coloured haze overspread the sky, then a sudden gust of wind spread through the tree-tops as if the spirits of the woods had awakened from deep slumber. We could hear the moaning of the wind long before it reached us, and when it passed over our heads its voice Avas answered by the cries of innumerable birds. Listen ! is that the bell-bird 1 No ! a troop of spider-monkeys, the danger signal of their leader, a bad sign. The Indians call these monkeys " Avood-walkers." Every troop, they say, is under the command of a king, whose call is a signal for his subjects to follow wherever, he goes. The Avind had awakened the voices of tlie forest ; wild pheasants called from the thickets, parrots ? screamed, and SAvarm after SAvarm of glittering Iris> crows flew croaldng through the tree tops. Like the spider- monkeys, they seemed to be in a great hurry, for they seemed to know that there was no time to be lost in finding-shelter. We set our mules trotting. The woods turned darker and darker, and occasionally ' a blinding flash of lightning darted across the sky. The mules needed no urging, and the race against the storm now became a steeple- chase through the darkening Avoods. A sudden blast of cold wind filled the air Avith a whirl of flying leaves. So Ave^reached an old convent building, Avith Avails of solid masonry, said to be haunted by the ghost of one of the monks who built the place. A thick hedge barred our entrance to the garden, but, regardless of briars and brambles, Ave plunged through, rushed up the terrace, and the next moment dragged our trembling mules into the hall of the massive stone building. On'e would have thought by the swarms of birds that had passed over our heads all the creatures of the forest had left their homes. Not so. For the next ten minutes the AAOIOCIS around us Avère a howling Avilder ness ; an earthquake in a city could not have caused a greater uproar. Panthers, palmcats, monkeys, and hun- dreds of birds screamed out in the Avildest excitement, till their voices were drowned by the crash of the thun- derstorm that suddenly burst over our heads, and drove us helter-skelter into the interior of the building. We blessed the old monks Avho had built the house so solidly. The blasts of the gale seemed to strike the building from every side at once, and with a fury that increased every minute till the noise Avas deafening. In the glare of the lightnings that flashed around us like fireworks Ave saw our mules standing close together in the farthest corner of the hall, but it was not the thunder that frightened them, nor the rain that dashed against the door in gusts of fitful fury, it Avas the roar of the storm and the crash of falling trees. Sometimes Ave could not. hear each other speak, then in the short paxises of the storm we heard all kinds of voices : a plaintive howl, a many-voiced chattering in the garden, and the exultant screams of a flock of wild geese in the river- bottom. The chattering proceeded from a group of marmoset monkeys who had congregated in the top of a ^Spanish gum trée, or euphorbia. No storm can break a tree of that sort. The monkeys knew this, and were as secure in its branches as Ave in our convent shelter. If you ask me how they knew it, I cannot tell you, any more than I can tell you how the spider-monkeys knew that the storm was coming. Birds and beasts are Aviser than men in some instances, and we can only learn from them. When the storm was over Ave pursued our way, and left the Avelcome shelter of the old convent without having caught a glimpse of its ghostly inhabitant. ' Yesterday I had the pleasure of listening to a striking sermon on behalf of the Life-Boat Institution, in the course of Avhich it Avas said that every boy and girl in- habitant of these British Isles was in duty bound to learn to swim. Now I quite agree Avith this, although, like a sign post, I point out the Avay Avithout Avalking in it, for I cannot swim myself. Still I think that every boy, and girl also, Avho can learn the art of swimming, should be made to do so. The best time to learn anything is ahvays NOW-there is no time like the present. There- fore if you have the advantage of a trip to the sea this summer seize the opportunity. Any way the following "HINTS TO WOULD-BE SAVIMMERS," that have just reached me from the other side of the ocean, may be found useful : " Before attempting to swim in the Avater you should learn the movements on land. This Avili give you con- fidence, and enable you to fix your attention upon the one thing which you Avant to do. " This would be capital exercise for children on a wet day indoors. I hope I have sayd enougli to set you sprawling on the nursery floor or draAving room carpet. But if you are at the Béa-side and bathing every day, you can begin swim ming operations at once. Wade out till the water comes up to your neck, then face the shore. Shoot the arms 'forward, holding the hands together, with thumbs upward, then turn them palm downward and allow them to rest a second or two while you take a couple of steps j forward-then turn thumbs downward and sweep the, arms in a circle to the rear. Now bend the elbows and bring them to the sides of the body with the hands together in front of the chest. Take another stroke and continue practising. For the leg movements allow the hands just to touch the bottom, bend the legs, straighten the feet, and spread the knees as far apart as possible ; now curl the feet at the instep and extend the legs for- cibly, at the same time bringing the knees and feet to- gether. The following plan may be useful to learners. Get an old jacket and sew a stout loop on the back ust between the shoulders ; get a pole about eight eet long ; pass the pole through the loop and get two of your comrades to hold .the ends. This will keep you afloat so that you may soon learn to practice the swim- ming movements. Mothers or nurses bathing with their little ones might soon teach them to swim by holding them in the water something after this fashion. 