EXPLORATION IN THE FAR NORTH. About March 18 last Mr A. N. Chambers, of the' 'Survey Department, with Mr E. Coates as assistant, left Donial Bay in charge of a, camol party and ono white man and two Afghans for tho country to tho north, with a view of selecting a travelling routo to tho Warburton Ranges and tho country boyond. He found a vory fair track to tho northward j.' ? .-???'re nnd (' L- kc rbil!irs'ii, dm'. although tho country was sufforing very soveroly from the want of roin plenty of salt and cotton bush and mulga scrub was avail able for tho cattle Although tho rainfall in and around Adelaido has been so plontilul it has not extended so far north as this, and Mr Chambers had to depend on the rock holes and clnypans for his supply. Tho formor aro very numerous throughout tho whole oxtent of country trayersod, some of them containing from six to seven thousand gallons of water. Tho exploration was con tinued from tho Warburton to tho Everard Rangos, which are situated north-west of the Poako station, and hero also tho want of rain was apparent but the country, like that bo tween Denial Bay and the Warburton, abounded in bush, and is vory suitnble for pastoral purposes. Tho Ferdinand River was triced, and Mr Bolt's report that it ter minates in some largo sandhills about forty miles to tho south of tho Everard Ranges was confirmed, Mr Chambers was away for about four months, and during that time only about half an inch of rain foil. Ho returned to Adelaide on Saturday night, and enter tains a favourable opinion as to tho probabi lity of wator being found in many places by sinking, As tho oxtent was so large, of course the description of tho country varies considerably, saltbush alternating with cot ton-bush, and being succeeded by mulga scrub, a tree that grows thickly to the height of about twenty feet, and which is devoured by cattle greedily. A portion of the coun try was sandy, but it was small in oxtent, and caused Mr Chambers's parly no very groat inconvenience, although somo of his stages were rathor long through the want of water. The blacks met woro not numerous, nnd were a peaceable and friendly lot, living in mobs of two and threo at tho larger rock holes, some of which afford them water for two or three months, allowing them to hunt the adjoining country, which is well stocked with kangaroos, rock and common wallabies, and kangaroo rats. Mr Chambers is sanguine that with a moderate rainfall the greater por tion of the country would carry a lot of cattle. This roport, which will doubtless be laid before Parliament, will describe the ter ritory mostauitsble for pastoral purposes. At the conclusion of Georgo Higiu botliam's lecture on Science and Religion, ho said : — The salvation of the mind of Chris tendom at present appears to depend) so far as we can venturo to hazard an opinion, upon union amongst laymen of all churches, who still retain an intelligent hold upon tho ulti mato object of faith, and who will combine to cast out from their own minds and from the Christian churches tho spectres of old and now discredited fallacies. For my part, I be liove — and this is tho last result of my re flections, and also my deep conviction, which I shall 'whisper'' to you, my brother laymen, to-night — that it were the part of highest wisdom for you and for me, and for all thjnkers everywhere, in this day of rising floods and beating wind, to withdraw reso lutely and with all speed from all tho lower standpoints of thought that aro now no longor tenable, and meet on the high central platform of thought— tho rock of all agos, whereon every human mind may, if it will, build for itself a secure and indestructible abode — God, 'the living Will that shall endure when all that seems shall suffer shock' — God, revealed to tho intellect in every minute movement of matter, and in all tho phenomena of this vast universe— God, revealed anew to the intellect, and also to the responsive hum an /'lieart, as the Father, tho Friend, the .Guide, and the Support of our race, and of every member of it, in the simple but profound philosophy, and also in the sublimest life, of Jesus of Nazareth, the Light of the World.' Mr Ernest Renan, the author of tho famous ' Life of Jesus' which somo years ago created such excitement, has published a new work 'Recollections of my youth,' in which lie gives an analysis of the workings of inind that induced him. to renounce Romau Catholicism. Some of his stories of tho superstitions that still flourish in the Brit tany which lie know as a child seem almost incredible to those who have never ascer tained for themselves what the country people of England believed thirty years ago. One of his mother's neighbors was a sor ceress, who consultod tho fates to learn whether Ernest Renan, a sickly infant, would live by throwing one of his shifts into a sacred lake. She came back in high glee. ' He means to live. No soonor had I thrown tho little shift on to the surface than it lifted itself up. Ah, if you had seen how the two arms stretched themselves out 1'' Renan's own father was cured of fever as a child by being taken to tho chapel of a wonderwork ing saint, ' A blacksmith arrived at tho same time with his forge, nails, and tongs. He lighted his fire, made his tongs red hot/ and held them bofore the face of tho saint, threatening to shoe him as lie would a horse unless he cured tho child of his fever. The throat took immediate effect, and my father was cured.' ' In country districts (of Brit tany) it is no uncommon thing to find as many as ton or fifteen chapels in a siugle parish, most of them little huts with a single door and window, and dedicated to some saint unknown to the restof Christendom.' These aro the saints whom tlio peasants really wor ship, and whom the clergy, reluctantly enough aro compelled to recognise. There was an exciting timo at Dover, Del., says ' Fround's Daily' (N.Y.), of the j 23rd May, on Saturday night. John O'Brien's Groat Allied Circus opened Satur day morning and gavo the usual performance. In the evening a gang of roughs attompted to force their way in, but wero ejected by the employes. In rovengo a mob of several hundred men did everything to molest tho circus people, and when tho canvas was struck tho mon woro pelted with stones and sovoroly hurt. At Delaware-street, on the way to the depot, a man stopped from behind a tree box, and taking deliberate aim, fired fivo shots at Charles Henderson, one of tho show men, who was on horseback. Tho first bullet went through llondorson's hat, , tho second struck 0110 of tho fingers of his bridle I hand, and the third ontored his breast. Henderson drew' a revolver, fired one shot, and fell off his horso. It is believed he will dio. The echoes nf t.lln rnvnlvnrfllint lmr? 11 nf died away before a doublo-barrolled shot gun was discharged into the showmen. This was tho signal for general firing. Not moro than a dozen of tho circus people had re volvers, and the unarmed ones took sheltor in and under tho waggons. Tho police took no part in tlio battle, and did nothing to stop it. Moro than 200 shots woro fired, and the doors and windows of a dozon bousos in the ???nglbnji'.o- d f!i tjvr-1' bii'lr! . iv rs ' It r- .t.vf'-jr Throo of tho circus horses were shot, and ono of thorn died boforo morning. The firing lasted 10 or 15 minutes. O'Brien says I10 will bring suit against tho town. Some years ago I10 had a similar oxpcrienco, and secured 15,000dol damages. The police and tho ship officers had a hand to hand fight on hoard tlio Patlian, when tho former were guarding tho Irish Informors. It was a drawn battle. A noRitniLE discovory is said to have bcod made by the Old Testament revisers. Tho word ?' rib' in tlio second chapter of Gonosis, used in describing tho creation of Evo, ought moro correctly to bo rondorod 'tail!' This is indeed confirmation strong of the theories of Darwin. Again, tho ' ravens' which fed Elijah wore not ravons at all, but ' gipsies,'* and so another cherishod illusion is dispelled, and the historic value of Sir Frcdorick Leighton's picture of ' Elijah and the Ravens' is seriously impaired. Let us hopo the reports are only iconoclastic inventions. The matrimonial chanccs of an American young lady have boon partially determined by an old maid in Philadelphia. Sho kopt tho record of 1000 of lior acquaintances who wore led to tho altar. Sho finds that the chancos botwoon tho nges of l-t and 40 aro as follows -32 at 13 and 15; 104 at 16 and 17; 219 at 18 and 19; 230 at 20 and 21 ; 105 at 22 and 23; 62 at 24 and 25; 60 nt 26 and 27; 45 nt 28 and 29; 18 at 30 and 31; 11 at 32 and 33; 8 at 34 and 35; 4 at 36 and 37; aud 2 at 38 and 39. It will, therefore, be seen that from 18 to 25 is the flood-tide of matrimony, and that it is at those ages that tho most chances aro taken in tho great lottery. Jorilderio correspondent of tho Deniliquin Chronicle writes; Mr Robert Hastio, of Wunnamurra stalion, died on Wednesday, July 25 — a man of stern originality and of fixity of idea. He was tho last of thoso who liavomanaged station properties around Jeril derie for a decade. His knowledgo of wool was so startling that he has tosted such, in my hands, giving tho exact age of the growing sheep from which it came. His love of fair play caused about tho declaration clause the time of shearing to bo inserted in tho Jorilderio P and A; Society's rules, and alihough it would not be well if all kept retired from public life as the late Mr Hastio, still his hardworking habits and high senso of honor havo moulded the characters of not a few now successfully managing; station properties in distant parts of the colony. A policeman iu Molbourno traced a crim inal by following to her homo her poodle dog. It is generally known that a writ for a claim of several hundred pounds was issued by Mr Holdsworlh, of the well-kuown firm, tho day before tho steamship left Sydney, and that Sir Henry Parkes would not havo beon allowed to tako his departure had not some of his influential friends settled the little matter. Jimmy Ah Gow, a well-known Chinese gardener at Wilcannia, was discovered dead in an underground room or cellar, near the garden of one of his countryman about six miles from Wilcannia on the Paroo road, and close to Mr McKenna's. There was no food or furniture in tlio house, but there was found a small opium box near the body. There has boon a striking decreaso of in ebriates at the Wilcannia police court, the 'chequo' men proforing to knocking down their money in tho bush hotels to venturing into tho lion's mouth. Wilcannia will hardly recognise itself under tho new rogiiue. The discovery of copper near Tilpa is located 3 miles to tho west of Mt. Macpher son, Walloo station. At present all the sides of the shaft show large bands, or seams, of ore ; in fact, from tho appearance of the shaft, the quantity would seem to bo almost inex haustible. Monoube Daniel Conway, the great iiosthotic apostle, was born in Stafford, Vir ginia, on tho 17th March, 1832, whero bis father was a gentleman of somo property, much of which was m the form of slaves. A 8 sometimes happens, tho young man grew up with feelings utterly antagonistic to his surroundings, and bis anti-slavery writings and speeches soon made it necessary for him to leave Virginia for Washington. Not only did he at an early age imbibe social and polit ical views utterly at variance with that in vogue in his native pluce, but his religious con viction changed, and from being an ardent Methodist he became a decidedly ' liberal ' Unitarian. In his twenty-fifth year wo find him installed as the Minister of the Unitarian Church at Washington. During the terrible civil war his father's slaves escaped, and he oxhibitod the fervor of his own convictions by taking them to Yellow Springs, Ohio, and settling them there. In 1863, lie came lo England, and in the same year took chargeof the Finsbury Chapel, and for 20 years Eng land has really been his home. Mr Conway is to visit Australia to lecture. A very extraordinary story is reported from Pesth. Six youths, sons for tho most part of respectable shopkeepers, recently formed a kind of club, and arranged among themselves to put their spare money into a general fund and to spend it from timo to liinein social enjoyment together. Ere many weeks elapsed, however, not only the spare cash, but also every kreutzer theso young fellows possessod in the world, vanished in mild dissipation; aud the members of tho club strangely determined that, as they wero utterly penniless, thoy would all commit suicide. With this object in view they adjourned to a wood not far from the city' taking with them a six-chambered revolver, which was to bo the common instrument of death. A boy of 17 was tho first lo put the decision into practice. He deliberately fired one ball into his neck, and a second into his breast, and then fell. Thereupon four of the survivors lost heart and fled ; but the fifth, not de terred by the sight of tho bleediug body of his frieud, picked up the pistol and discharged it in the direction of his heart. Ono of tho foolish youngsters was fatally wounded ; but tho other, it is uxpocted, will recover, and it may bo hoped, will join no more suicido clubs. A ghost of the past. Henry Russell, still walks London. How many people who heard him a quartorof a century ago singing ? A Life on tho Ocean W uvo,' and other of his own ditties, would snpposo ho is yot alivo ? But ho is, and very much so, being ono of the heartiest and jolliest companions itnywhoro to bo mot with. What his age is 110 ono is bold enough to guess. But as lie sits at tho piano and trolls forth somo of his old songs, or as ho walks the stroet with upright figure and sprightly stop, no ono would tako him for moro than sixty at tho most. Ho rotirod from his profession at a moderntoly early ago, having mado a sub stantial fortune, which ho invested with more success than professional people usually do. Since|tlicn ha has lived a hoppy and contented life, residing for a considerable portion of tho yonr at Boulogne, and sometimes at Ramggato. He is now content to livo in tho growing fame of his son, Clark Russell, who has lived part of ' a life on tho ocean wave ' to somo purpose. Jupiter is a grand objoct to test tho space annihilating glass. Though by no moons as magnificent as Saturn, ho far exceeds him iu mass and volume, and, as ho is twico as noar, wo see him 011 a much larger scale. This giant of tho syntorn takes on grand pro portions, tho flood of light irradiating his sur face brings out every minuto detail. His broad bolts aro delicious in coloring, suSusod with palo roso, mottled with soft gray, purplo brown and delicate green. We havo soon Ju piter when tho definition was much more per fect, but novor with the variety of tint and tone we bohold this night ; never boforo did he seem so near, so grand in proportions, so symmetrical in equipoise. His four satellites arc in line on his left, and boar witness to tho power of tho telescope by presenting discs in stead of points. We find it difficult to decide which of tho two pictures is more bonutiful. Saturn is more beautiful, moro complex, more curious, but Jupiter is moro majestic, moro like tho groat sun himself. It appears that a Pittsburg glass manufacturer has taken the con tract for making an urn of plate glass for the ashes of Columbus. He was buried at the Convent of St. Francis, in Seville, but only temporarily, and after several funerals, with an interval of some years between each, his remains were conveyed across the Atlantic and deposited in American soil. Finally his bones were removed to the Cathedral of St. Domingo. The custodian of the remains sent a communication to a Pittsburg firm requesting a design for an urn, with the estimate of the cost. The letter stipulated that the urn must be large enough to hold the casket with the lid open, so that urn, when com pleted, must be graceful and attrac tive in appearance. The casket is not large. The space .within the urn must be 17*94 inches in length, 8*19 inches in width, and 13'5 inches in depth ; and within those dimen sions the casket and the dust can be held. These conditions have been accepted, and the work is being proceeded with. there is not a hero in this world to-day who does not lower his colours as he passes a certain house in Brooklyn, America, where lies one smitten with that death in life — paralysis. It is the home of the young-er Roebling, the actual con structor and son of the author of the Great Bridge. He inherited fame, for liis father was both hero and martyr. The elder Roebling planned the brigde, and poured out liis life as a libation upon its foun dation. The danger in the caissons was terrible, and nothing but the closest supervision could save the men. Hence duty compelled the engineer to live down in the caisson with his men, and not for short spells as they laboured, buttlirough nights and days. He died nobly as any soldier ever died scaling a raimpart defending a breach, and even tually son stepped into the vacant place. Among the means which nature has bestowed on animals in general for the preservation and enjoyment ot life, running, says Mercurialis, is the most important. Since, then, it is pointed out to us by nature, it must be in a high degree innocent. It is very singular that we should apparently do all we can — which, fortunately, is not much — to make our children unlearn the art of run ning. Our earliest physcal treat ment of them seems calculated to destroy their aptitude for it ; in a little, time it is too often the ca.se that the city boy scarcely dares look as if he wished to run, we prohibit it so^strongly as vulgar, and when he is more grown up gentility sifceps in and prohibits it altogether. Med ical jjrejudices and our own conven ience contribute likewise their shaire, and never allow our children, bojs and girls, to acquire an art, innocent of itself, and necessary to all. It is possible that a person may get in jury from running, but the fault is not in the exercise, but in the per son who runs without having had proper training and practice. Negroes and Indians in a state of nature run daily in pursuit of game for food with a facility at which we are astonished; but they are more liable to consumption on this account than those beasts that are so famed for swiftness. The body of no animal seems better adapted to running than man's. The nobler parts, which might be injured by an immoderate reflux of blood, are uppermost and the laws of gravitation assist in propelling the runner forward. He has little to do but to strengthen his limbs by practice and concentrate his mind on the effort, and there is nothing severe in this, as experience can show. — Herald of Health. 