LAURA CORPORATION. to the editor of the areas express. Sir, — My attention has been drawn to a letter in your issue of the 1st instant, signed "J. A. H.," aud the thanks of myself and others are due to him for bringing forward the question of the manner in which Town Clerks are advertised for when the vacancy has been already cut and dried, and this does not apply to the Laura Corporation alone, but to others. Uiillke "J. A. B." I was an applicant, as also on a previous occa sion, after the resignation of Mr Whittle, and the few remarks 1 make are done with all due respect aud absence of any malevolent feeling, "J. A. H." compares the frequent changes of the Town Clerk to the witches in the cave scene of Macbeth, " come like shadows, so depart but let us hope that the Worship ful Mayor, or upon whomsoever the selection depends, will not be troubled with a sensa tion similar to Macbeth's in the sensational scene after the ghosts of the eight kings had passed before him and disappeared, when he exclaims in his fright, — Where are they 1 Gone I Let this pernicious hour St aud aye accursed in the calendar. And that he will not be haunted by any of the bad spirits of those " not accepted," for many an applicant's aspirations have been murdered by the rejection of his tender. The modus operandi in which the selection is made is an injustice to the candidates, as putting them to the expense of unnecessary postage and writiug material, raising in them false hopes, and perhaps preventing them from accepting another situation in the in terim, preferring to wait the chance of the apparently better appointment in prospect. Regarding the cost of advertisements to - the - burgesses I have nothing to do, but should think that a notice placed in any conspicuous part of any public building would be suffi cient, if a local man i3 to bo chosen. To fill the position properly requires a man who is practic illy acqu linted with the duties, and such an one could save the Corporation more than his salary in checking the expen diture upon works,! and the nianuer in which they are carried out, as well as in other ways, materially add to the prestige of the Council ; whereas by employing an incompe tent man at a low rate because he is a resi dent, smacks somewhat of the penny wise and pound foolish principle ; moreover, if he has a business of his own in the township would he not oe tempteci to give tnat nis attention to the neglect of the other ? Besides, a stranger would be more amenable to subjec tion and dictation than a resident who might not brook interference, and he might also . occupy such a social position to some of the: Board as would make it a delicate question to' complain of any delinquency that occurred. There are many corporate bodies that would benefit by a little fresh blood1 being imported, which very often an outsider who has seen the working of systems in other localities could impart. I have enclosed my full name and address, if you should require to make it known. I have just read two other letters on the subject, in a later edition, that induces me to subscribe mvself NOT A VAGABOND. Adelaide, August 11. 