OUR GERMAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.) Berlin, March 9, 1883. Few events of consequence have happened during the last month, but among the few the death of Richard Wagner, the great com poser, which took place at Venice on Feb ruary 13, stands foremost, the excitement caused by this sad occurrence throughout Germany, but more especially in the musical world, having only just calmed down a little. Wagner's death was a very heavy bereavement to musicians of every race and degree, for although the peculiar style of his music called forth a deal of antagonism, for years making those who took part in the great Wagner controversy almost enemies, still this strangely gifted man, in spite of the most bitter opposition, bravely worked out the task he had set himself, and fought with fall that unyielding energy which was the characteristic trait of his nature, for that which he held as his most sacred duty. Even as a child he could not brook the slightest control, and arrived at manhood he thoroughly despised it. Born at Leipsic on the 22nd of May, 1813, Richard Wagner very early showed that peculiar uncontrollable trait in his character which defied all manage ment, and in his studies, but more especially in the art of music, made very unsatisfactory progress. Tnstead of practising scales and other useful exercises, he would for hours ymmmoii away at overtures and symphonies in a most abominable style, causing his masters at last to give him np as hopeless. His genius had, however, to find vent, and this it did in a ridiculous attempt at an original poetic production, a tragedy, which Wagner himself has since criticised most unmerci fully. Forty- two persons were killed or some how done away with daring the earlier acts, and not having enough living characters for the last act the yoothfnl poet was obliged to let them rwpearaa ghosts, N«t very long after be bad written this pieoe the impressionable young genius beoamejaognafntfid with some of BeethoiWB works, and this was ihe turning point in 4is life ; for, witnessing a perfontt-.T- „ . \\*| ance of that master's music to GodtheV . ' -^ ' Fgmcnt,' Wagner resolved to write a slat- ^ lar accompaniment to his tragedy, a very bold - j,; undertaking, seeing that he had yet to acquire '.J the first rudiments of musical art. Bat even . *i Lere bis strong will and indomitable ]l courage overcame all obstacles. Having: -T mastered the first difficulties of tbeo- \ retical studies in counterpoint and thorough- - ] bass, the young musician's interest was aroused by the many problems he encountered, and . '- although he could not quietly and with patient application settle down to a lengthy course of - ' study, still he hud a good foundation which served him well when his spirit grew more calm and refined. But Beethoven was the guiding star through these first years of struggle, and the young student was passion- ; ately enthusiastic about the old master's works. Wagner had now acquired some theoretical knowledge of music, but he had still to experience many bitter disappolnfc« - ?? ments before his genius was recognised. Being pressed by want he accepted thejeader- ' , ? ship of a small operatic troupe in Magdeburg ; but this narrow sphere for his actions soon wearied him, and giving up hisposthe travelled about from one northern German city to another for four years, pursuing his studies, and making a bare living by pitying in the orchestra of the opera houses of Konigsberg, Dresden, and Riga. In the summer of 1839 * he embarked in a sailing vessel bound for London, on his way to Paris. During a stormy Channel passage Wagner's imagina- - tion was deeply struck with the wonders and terrors of the deep ; and to this are owing some of the effects subsequently introduced into the most melodious of his earlier operas, ' Der Fliegender Hollander.' Arriving in Paris about September of the same year, with very sanguine hopes and expectations, Wagner was destined to bear bitter disap pointments ; for all attempts to obtain pub licity for his works were frustrated, and to save himself from actual starvation he had to -', . - go through many stages of musical . slavery, such as arranging tunes for '.\ ' popular operas for different instruments, /t- ? In spite of these drawbacks, however, he cota^1',;; .^ pleted his first grand opera— 'Rienzi'— wnici^i';^'. he had partly written during his sojourn^itt\ Riga, and wrote the whole of the 'FlfMg\\.:p Dutchman.' With his 'Rienzi' Wagneib? '* may be said to have concluded the first part'' C of his career, for in this opera can still be ~ traced an ardent wish for outward success;^ and notoriety, while in 'The Flying Dot^i^-'f ' man' he has disregarded everything which. ??; might be traced back to the forms of the ;i French school or opera, making this work the immediate effusion of his poetic genius ; and from this new stage of development Wagner's power and fame spring. In the meantime his worldly prospects had also brightened, bis 'Rienzi' being accepted for performance'at Dresden ; and in 1842 Wagner left Paris for the former city to prepare his* work for the stage. The first repre sentation was a brilliant success, and the composer was engaged as director of the Royal Opera at Dresden. But the restless spirit of the musician must be always active, and having during his stay in Paris heard the legend of ' Tannhauser,' he, in 1811, brought out a new opera under that title which took all Germany by storm, and ex emplifying as it did the chief innovations in musical 'form, manner, and treatment *' which have since been identified with his name, opened the celebrated Wagner con troversy. But during the stormy period of ' 184S, Wagner's fiery temperament and his uncontrollable passions, coupled with his free-thinking opinions, compelled him to quit his fatherland and take refuge in Switzerland, settling down at Zurich, where he wrote his 'Lohengrin' (1852), having, accepted the post of leader of the orchestra of the theatre there, as well as the conductorship of the Musical Society Of Zurich. But in spite of his various duties, his fertile genius prompted him to write and compose the famous trilogy, 'NibeluDgen,'and the opera ' Tristan and Isolde,' a work upon which he set greater value than upon any of his other composi tions. In 1865 Richard Wagner went to London to undertake the direction of the Philharmonic Society Concerts, but his style of conducting gave rise to great differences of opinion in musical circles. Being in the. '. meantime called to Muaich by the art-loving King Louis of Bavaria, Wagner was enabled to bring out his chef dTteuvre, the 'Meister. i erenger of Nuremberg,' with a completeness of mise en scene probably never before wit* nessed upon any operatic stage. But it was in 1879 that Wagner's indomitable energy was rewarded by a triumph, such as no composer in the history of music had previously won. His colossal trilogy, j' Der King desfNibe* Iungen,' was brought out at Bayreuth in the presence of a unique assemblage of musicians and literary savans from all parts of the world, and nothing was wanting to make the production a brilliant success. Meanwhile Wagner had been working at another opera, 'Parsifal,' a musical poem only lately produced at his theatre at Bay* reuth, and which proved a great triumph for the composer. It cannot be said that the death of Richard Wagner was unexpected. On the contrary, the great musician only . went to Venice on account of his health, knowing that he was suffering from heart disease, [and he was so sure that his death was near that he often spoke about it. Wagner was buried at Bay reuth, behind his villa Wanfriede, in a splendid mausoleum, planned by his own hand. From all parts of Europe deputations came to the funeral, and among those stand ing round the coffin were some of the l«»Mftnr men of the musical world, as well as other well-known personages. The laurel and other wreaths deposited around the coffin were in numerable, but the only one that was lowered into the vault was the wreath sent by Wagner's royal friend and admirer, King Louis of Bavaria. On the 27th of February the postponed festivities of the silver wedding of the' Crown Prince and Princess began with: M-' levee at the Royal Palace, and on .^i^' next night the long- talked-of grand cos^p tume ball took place. A scene more brik ' liant or more artistic than that presented' at the Schloas in the ' Weisse SaaT on *hk occasion can hardly, be conceived. All^^l^ beauty and high birth of the GermanMIaa. ' penal Court was represented, augmentedi^l numerous august visitors from various otfcua* ' countries. At 9 o'clock, to the strains ofttte? ' Wedding march,' from Midsummer Nightfa Dream, the Crown Prince and Princes*' entered the 'White Saloon,' and passing,/ through the crowd of guests, took their seats under a throne upon a raised platform. The Crown Prince looked very imposing in his white Pomeranian Cuirassier uniform, with, the Grand Cross of the Bath, lately ^ conferred upon him by Her Majesty Queen Victoria. The Grown Princess ' never looked better than she did this . - evening, clad in a magnificent robe of white ,*- ^fVTnftwlfj a diamond coronet sparkling over her brow, and a wide riband across her shoulders, into which were woven the colon v of the eight orders of which she is the --' possessor. Following their Imperial High nesses, and taking their seats to the left and the right of the Crown Prince and Princess, were the Queen of Saxony with the Emperor, the Duchess of Edinburgh with the Prinoe of ' \ Wales, the Duchess of Anhalt with theDukd . j of Anbalt, while on the other side were seated ' ^ the King of Saxony with the Grand DuchMg , v of Baden, Prince Rudolph of Austria with ' 4 the Duchess of Flanders, and the other 'p! guests, according to their rank. What was 'S felt very much was the absence of this _. & Empress Augusta, but on account of her - Z very delicate state of health, her medical ad- ;?;* visers thought it safer to prescribe total rest _ J£ andquie^fearingthattheexdtingscenesofttie , t evennignughtbetoofatiguingforHer Majesty. '.?^ The principal feature of the evening's fete .^M was a 'minnezug,' or troubadour prooMdoa ~~m of love, and wben ? flourish of tettmpete 'pM sounded.foartcenhjmcTsomely^ireBsedheralds ?'.M marched slowly to the strains of majettk - -I'M music into the hall, formingthe otwrrf oourkn *rM ofthe'zug.' Drawing up in a row before ' ^411 the throne upon a given signal the handsome -~t|ll young son of Baron von Hiilsen stepped - :SMm towards iheCteownartnoa tad Prinoess. mmL \^'1§i§i recited » short poem -pwdaUycoaJosAtor sW§M the occasion byHwr von imOaAni^M^^^M m&m; 'Minuet'. ww desmb^ ^ ' ISftotokeptttiBtbefesfcintieft: Themusic p&*aglfitt*traek up, «nd ibex* marched f^^» tmd «- brilliant that the ?08gm - Of tt» -apectator were almost ^?sried. These noble knights and lovely ItiiiM -were otaraoters in the magnificent litfamia the middle ages. The period repre United by these gay figures was the time of ^Rredasc'IH., ruler of the Holy Roman s-«BqpireottheCtennMuc nation, and his Con ?Wrtr39eonore of Portugal, the impersonators ?i»«f °?-H» personages named being the Grand 'Sake of Baden, and one of the most lovely women of the Imperial Family, Princess ^foederickOharles. Immediately after them fttne the ^Archduke *T«imili»fi and his *ride, Mary of Burgundy (Prince and Princess Albrecht of Prussia), with the taidesnadds attending the latter (Princesses of aSxne and Scbleswig Holstein), and as guests in their numerous and brilliant train Elector Joachim and other veil-known personages of ??»**?*' period. It was at this time that the Cterman bands of troubadors, called 'Min- inesaenger,' were most popular, and the idea fin this historical procession was that these ; *-ld German minstrels, headed by their queen, * iad come to be present at tine silver wedding of the future Empress of Germany. This ~part of the programme was most picturesque ?and charming. Princess William, who repre sented the Queen of Love, looked perfectly lovely as seated in a kind of car her trouba dours and attendant maidens bore her into the saal, placing her immediately before the throne. Then flocking round her and hedg ' ing her round with flower-tipped poles, inter* twined with garlands of flowers which con nected them all together, the whole assembly gaily tripped through the Minne dance— a very intricate but highly picturesque movement. After the minstrels had left came the next procession, which was to represent the English during the time of Good Qaesh Bess. About 160 splendidly-attired characters en tered the room, most of whom had been chosen from the English colony at the court of Berlin. It was a most picturesque scene, and one which kept up the interest of the spectator till the last of the Elizabethan pageant had disappeared. Following this came a splendid spectacle, Prince and Prin cess of Navarre, with their daughters and a glittering retinue of nobles, pages, and other officials, the French Ambassadress in Berlin, Baroness de Coureel, a lovely woman, taking the leading character. When this gorgeous train had left Lady Ampthill with Prince William entered the hall, with sixteen couples also dressed in Elizabethan dress, who danced an English quadrille to some quaint music, which was Specially arranged for the occasion from an -old manuscript found at Windsor Castle, and : which tradition says was composed by Qaeen Elisabeth herself. The quadrille was excel lently danced, and showed untiring practice and rehearsal. Among the youthful dancers could be seen Princess Victoria, the daughter of the Grown Prince and Princess, who appeared to enter into the masquerade with all her. heart. This old English quadrille was followed by a German dance of equal in terest, and then came the representative pro cession of Berlin artists, the close of the whole being formed by Princess William as the Queen of Love, who, descending from her floral car, presented the Crown Princess with a magnificent and costly gift as a souvenir of the festive occasion. The Crown Princess was greatly moved, and on the whole it may be said that although the Court of Berlin has often witnessed brilliant and imposing festivals and celebrations, still the silver wedding of the Grown Prince and Princess, and this festival devised and carried out with so much success and magnificence in their honor, has been rarely or never paral leled. It may be interesting to your readers to know that the subscriptions raised through Out Germany for the purpose of handing to the Crown Prince and Princess a sum of money, which should be devoted to charitable purposes and institutions, according to their own wish, as a fitting memento of their silver weddingday, have resulted in the nice figure of 820,000 marks, which was presented by a deputation of twenty gentlemen, Prince Batibor at their head, to their Imperial Highnesses on the 16th ultimo. 