ALLHALLOW EVE. Among the various anniversary celebrations, religious, political, and patriotic, which have comedown to us from the past, some of which have lost their original meaning, and even ceased to retain the customs once connected with them is AUhallow X yen, which occur* on the 31st of October, and is the vigil of the festival of All Saints. This festival was first instituted, it is said, because it was found im possible to keep a separate day in honor of every one of the numberless saints and mar tyrs, whose claims to distinction of some sort the church nevertheless saw fit to recognise. Therefore, having selected the most distin guished competitors for "everlasting remem brance,'' they "lumped" the rest in one grand mass, and constituted the lint day of November the festival of All Saints. la seme way a considerable amount of fun ma naged to find its way into most of those ancient festivals. Human nature it pretty much the same in all ages, and the joung people of the "good old times" were cot half as sedate as our great grandmothers would have us believe ; and I am not at all sure that nineteenth century propriety wonld cot be properly shocked if such "goings on,'' wctc indulged in by the yourg p?>ple of to <??s?? Possibly in the old country same of the ceremonies in connection with Allhallotr Era are still observed; but in this new land of outs, where we forget anniversaries, and have small reverence for festivals, they certainly arc not much thought about, and may even not be generally known. The customs in connection with Hallow Eve vary somewhat, of course, in the various countries that form the kingdom of Great Britain. Notwith standing the difference of country and the variety of customs, however, one grand point seems to have been aimed at in almost all of them. Nearly all the performers seem to have been alike actuated by the sublime desire to discover some unknown future sweet heart, or to test the fidelity of one already in possession, and to accomplish this end wondrous and varied were the methods tried. Young and delicate maidens forget, or ignored, their habitual nervousness, and ventured out alone, or in couples, at the witching hour of midnight, and actually had the temerity to invade the dreaded enclosure of the graveyard itself, for the purpose of satisfactorily settling these all-important questions. No doubt the bids were as brave and fearless as the lasses; and in their turn dared unknown terrors for the sake of a ghostly vision of some fair female face. The practice of burning nuts on Allhallow Eve teems to have been universally favored. The custom had its origin, it would appear, in some heathen sacrifices, which used to be considered necessary by way of propitiating the duties I suppose. But the nuts were turned to good account by love-lorn damsels and amorous swains. When desirous of knowing whether their loves would be pro* fiticus or otherwise, they would burn these Buta on Allhallow Eve, for the purpose of finding out. In those days men were evidently not of the opinion that Ho either fears bis fate too mucli, Or his deserts are small. Who fears to put it to the touch And win or lose it all; and was very much inclined to know whether he was likely to win or lose before he risked anything. In Scotland they put two nuts on the fire and name each nut, one for the person burning, and one for the desired sweetheart. If the nuts burn quietly together until consumed it is accepted as an indication that the course of true love in that instance isdestinedtorunsmoothly. Butshouldthenats bounce or jump away from each other the luckless burner regards it as an omen that the two named are never to be married. la Ireland the custom is altered somewhat, and tbe charm is used as a test of the faithful ness or otherwise of acknowledged lovers. There three nuts are used, being laid, a* before, on the bars of the grate, and two of them being named after the lovers. But the result is much the same, for "if a nut cracks or jumps the lover will prove unfaithful; it it begins to blare or burn he has a regard for the per -B>n making the trial, and if the nuts n trued after the girl and her lover born together they will be married." Gay, in his " Spell," gives a very good description of this cus tom: — Two iiazel tints I threw into the ri une. And to each nut I gave a sweetheart's name. This with tbe loudest bounce ma sore axn&zed;, That in a rtime of brightest color blazed. As blazed tbe not so Jniy thy passion grjw. For 'twas thy nut that did so brightly gl)? ' Another way in which girls used to find out cither who were their true loves or if their secret desires would be gratified, I am Dot sure which, was by means of peas. If a shell should be found containing nine perfect peas the lucky finder took the treasure home, and secretly placed it above the door, and waited, in great impatience no doubt, to see who would be the first specimen of the " male persuasion" that should thereafter cross the threshold. I remember ??—???£; tti?? charm tried myself, here in South Australia, and the extreme disgust with which the young lady viewed the clumsy bumpkin who passed under her perfectly rounded pea-pod was highly diverting. This custom also Gay describes in amusing fashion :— As peascods once I plsekad I chanced to see One that was closely filled with three times three. Which when I cropped I safely borne conveyed, And o'er the door the spell in secret laid; The latch moved up, when who should first come in But, in his proper person—Lobberkin: Another charm peculiar to AUhallow Eve, and which I have somewhere read used to be very much in favor in Ireland, was the paring of apples. Now, anybody can pare apples, but it by no means follows that everybody can turn apple- paring into & love divination. In order to do this successfully the anxious maiden must take an apple and catefullypare it co that the skin shall come off in one long curL This she throws over her shoulder—the left one I think—and if in falling it forms the first letter of the beloved one's name all will be well. Why the left shoulder is chosen I cannot say. Possibly the fact that the heart is situated in that quarter of the anatomical organisation may be supposed to exarcise a benign influence. I para this pippin round and ronnd again. My shepherds name to flourish on the plain ; I fling the unbroken paring o'er my head— Upon the grass a perfect L is read. One other divination by means of apples, or rattier their kernels, is described by Gsy, who was evidently rather fond of this kind of thing. Mea must have been dreadfully faith less in the old days, lam afraid; for not a few of the spells and charms and divinations were used as a test of their fidelity. This one is of that number, and was made to work by means of sticking an apple kernel on each cheek. On this point, though, "doctors" seem to differ, one authority holding that they were stuck on the forehead. The kernels were named, and that which fell first indi cated that the love of him whose name it bore was unsound. Here is iit.f'a descrip tion: — This pippin shall another trial mike; See, from the core two kernels brown, I take : This on my cheek for Lnbberkln is worn. And Booby Clod ?n 'tothar side is borne. Bat Booby Clod soon drops upon the ground, A certain token that bis love's unsound; While Lubberkin sticks firmly to the last; Ob, were his lips to mine but joined as fast! Burns describes a great many of those old Halloween customs, among which is the per haps most generally known ops—sowing hemp seed. He says this custom is not common to Scotland. This practice was in favor with lads as well as lasses, from which it would ap pear that the sterner sex is not much less curious concerning the future than is the weaker vessel. In this case it is orthodox to wait till the solemn hour when ghosts are said to take their walks abroad. When the hour is fully come the person must steal out un perceived, "sow a handful of hemp seed with anything you can conveniently draw after ycu," repeating now and then Hemp seed, I sow thee; hemp seed, I sow thee ; And him tor her) that's my true love Come after me and pou' thee. liOok over your left shoulder and you will see the appearance of the person invoked in the attitude of pulling hemp. I remember, however, hearing a somewhat different form of the spell, possibly the KogUsh rendering. In this case also, the person wishing to divine went out of doors at 12 o'clock at night. A graveyard was, I believe, considered to be the most desirable Celd for sowing the magic seed, a handfull of which was taken and carefully sown, the sower all the while re peating— Hemp seed I sow, hemp seed mast grow; Whoever* my tine love, come after and mow. And on looking over your shoulder you are supposed to see your future lover coming after you, with an invisible scythe, patiently mow ing imaginary hemp. But love was not the only deity which pre sided over those Hallow Even festivities, In many places the eve of the Ist of November was regarded as a kind of harvest home, and on that night bonfires were lighted, and general rejoicings were made, both in thanks- Hiving for the harvest, and also a? a kind of propitiatory sacrifice, previous to opening the stores for the year. After the tires were burned down people were in the habit of divining, by means of banting stones, who ?wltk<lj to die before th? nei*. RsAlowtide came icuud. In North Wales, also, this practice of dinning by means of fiie pre vailed, bat with some difference, as here "Every family makei a fire in the moit con spicuous place near the home, and wfaen the fire is almost extinguished everyone throw* a white atone into the ashes, having first marked it; then, having said their prayers, turned round the fire, they go to bed. In the morning ai soon as they are up they come to search oat the stones, and if any of them are found wanting they have a notion that the person who threw it in will die before another All Saints Eve.' 7 Thus were the im portant questions of love and life decided by the most flimsy "????? And yet it is more than possible that ssmetimes the predictions were verified, because in many instances a prediction wares its own verification, thus by their own hopes or fears Riving caloring to their own empty superstitions. 