THE TOURIST. HOLIDAY RAMBLES IN PORT LINCOLN DISTRICT. (i>Y an Ancient Adelaidkan.) mere is no question tnat unceasing appli cation to business -without occasional change and relaxation is calculated seriously to di minish the dividends of Life Insurance Com panies. As I wish to live and let live, I have been in the habit for many years past of throwing business to the winds for a time and enjoying a holiday. Having " done " nearly the whole seaboard from Fort Adelaide to Newcastle on former occasions, I this year cast my eyes to the neglected west, took passage in the Lubra, and in twenty hours after departure from the wharf found the steamer moored to the Fort Lincoln jetty. Flinders, the discoverer of Fort Lincoln, speaks in the highest terms of its capacity and safety. The founders of South Australia were of opinion that no harbour capable of accommodating ships would be tound on the mainland in St. Vincent's Gulf, and that all the productions of the soil would have to be lightered across to Kangaroo Island and then transhipped into seagoing vessels. The South Australian Company, acting under this im pression, built stores and formed a settlement on Kangaroo Island, but broke up their esta blishment some time after the discovery of the Fort Adelaide Creek, formed a road across the m&ugrcve; swarnu to Alberton with stone brought in tiieir vessels from the island, and built the Maclaren Wharf. It is not surprising, therefore, that some of the pioneers, with the splendid harbour of Port , Lincoln before tbern, strongly advocated that the capital of the province should be fixed on the shores of lfostou Bay. But, fortunately for the future of the colony, Colonel Light saw that good land with an inferior harbour was far preferable for the site of the capital to another portion of the colony where the greater portion of the land j was of a very inferior character, although the ; harbour was everything that could be desired. There is no doubt that Fort Lincoln is one of the finest harbours in the world. Its capa city is such that tiie whole mercantile fleet of Britain could anchor there and have plenty of room to swing. Its safety is ensured by Boston Island extending its encircling arms across tbo bay, thus sheltering it from tbe angry surges of the .Southern. Oceau, whilst Poonindie Peninsula renders material aid by running out towards the island and further sheltering that end of the bay. It is a pity to see such a noble harbour vesselless. Nature has indeed been lavish in her gifts on the water, but niggardly to a degree on the land, as not a liftli of the country is arable, although, after thesaltbusk country which some selectors have taken up in the North for cultivation, it is difficult to tell what is arable and what is not. There is a large extent of flat mallee scrub land between Lincoln and Tumby Bay, which will doubtless before long be brought under the dominion of the plough. Whilst many of the settlers in the North this season have been entirely deprived of their year's labours by the total failure of their crops, I heard no grumblings of shortness. Some stubble- fields I saw had yielded 25 bushels, and others IS and 17. These were, of course, exceptional yields; many other farms were considerably lower. The town of Lincoln possesses a status in history not generally known. It was the birthplace of the first provincial newspaper in South Australia, the Port Lincoln. Herald having been printed and issued there more than forty years ago. Its proprietor, the late Mr. George Deliano, having an interest in the district, was induced by other laud holders to establish a newspaper in liincoln for the purpose of upholding and advocating their interests in that part of the province. But although the Press has been well designated the Fourth Estate, as ranking next in power and importance to Queen, Lords, and Commons, yet all the leading articles in the world, however ably penned, will not permanently settle a country with a large population when that country is unadopted by nature to sustain it. After being issued for a Bhort time the Herald gave up the ghost, the support received not being sufficient to warrant its continuance, and Mr. Dehane returned to Adelaide with his plant. I believe all those who were couueoted with the licrald have, like it, passed away. Liucoui, as the town is generaJiy termed, has not been rapid in its growth, considering that it has been established some forty-live years. I suppose, at the very outside, there are not more than LOO inhabitants in the township uud suburbs. There are three Churches in active operation—the Episcopalian, itouiau Catholic, and Wesleyan—and one dormant (the liaptist), the building now being oc cupied as a Sunday-school by the Episco palians. The ministers of the respective denominations are very energetic in rounding up tlieir distant aud scattered ilocks, and services arc held in the houses of settlers and squatters in every direction. The public school is under the care of Mr. J. O'Maliouy, a gentleman of high scholastic attainments, who is evidently worthy of a better position than Port Lincoln. His soul appears to he in his work, and he is indefatigable iu his endeavours to promote the welfare of the young. At the time of his appointment, eighteen months ago, there were 34 on the books, aud now there are 104. The discipline of the school is excellent, as I can testify from per sonal observation. Lincoln can boast of an excellent Institute, and its Secretary, Mr. S, Osborne, is a gentleman proverbial for courtesy and politeness. The library consists of 2,000 volumes, and the reading-room is well supplied with newspapers and serials. The lecture hall, which is free from debt, and a credit to the township, is capable of accommodating 400 people, and is fitted with a stage and ail necessary accessoiies. The hotels are three in number, two of which— lhe Pier and the Port Lincoln—afford ex cellent accommodation for visitors at mo derate charges; and those who wish to spend a quiet and pleasant fortnight, with | magnificent marine scenery for the eye to feast upon, I would recommend to take passage in the Lubra for Boston Bay. No person visiting Port Lincoln should fail to ascend Winter's Hill. It can be reached comfortably in a little over an hour, and the view obtained Lorn its summit would amply repay the walk. The eye takes in a panorama rarely equalled and never surpassed on the coast. A good view may also be obtained from Northside Hill, but as the ascent is rather rough I should not advise lady tourists to attempt it unless they adopt Bloomer costumes and wear strong boots. The benefits derivable from localization over centralization are seen in the admirable roads radiating from the township. Under the old Central Road Hoard system' the district was utterly neglected, the settlers being entirely dependent upon the natural roads, which were wretchedly miserable and of a highly dangerous character. I am acquainted with two widows in the district whose husbands would probably be alive now had proper roads been formed earlier. There is one work badly wanted, which the funds allocated to the Lincoln Road Board are unable to bear, consistent with the demands made upon them by the vast area over which the Board has charge. I refer to a bridge over the Tod River, on the Pooninaie-road. I believe no fatal accident has occurred there yet, but several persons have narrowly escaped with their lives when the river has been flooded. Now that the celebrated western mepiber has again been elected for Flinders, should this para graph meet his " rigorous" eye perhaps he will endeavour when the House meets to secure a special grant for the purpose I have here indicated. The Port Lincoln Jetty is undergoing a thorough repair, and not before it was needed. Some of the piles and many of the girders were completely rotten, and it is a wonder the whole all'air had not previously collapsed. It is a great mistake, for the sake of what appears to be a saving of a few pounds, to use such perishable wouil as striugybark in the construction of any part of a jetty. I noticed two girders which had been laid together—one striugybark, the other jarrah. The former was quite rotten, while the latter was as sound as a bell. The firuicipal Lou in the rort Lincoln dis trict iB the i'ooriindie Native Institution. It was established in 1850 through the instrumentality of Archdeacon Hale, now Bishop of Brisbane. The township reminded me somewhat of Klemzig in the ancient days under Pastor Kavcl, the houses being all whitewashed aud having a primitive ap pearance. 'ihe church is the most unique ecclesiastical structure I ever saw. It is of two stories, having two chimneys built out side for the purpose of supplying fireplaces to the upper story, which, 1 suppose, is the residence of some of the staff. The church proper is capable of accommodating about 100 hearers, aud is tastefully decorated at the end with scriptural uiottos. I attended Divine service there the first Sunday after Taster, when an excellent discourse, adapted to the comprehension of the congrega tion, was delivered by Air. E. U. Blackmore. The service having commenced when I eutered, a prayer-book was cour teously handed to me by a whity-brown bride of a few moutliB old, as I gleaned from the inscription on the blank page. Heathen as I was, she found all the places for me with a politeness which would have become a fairer sister. The singing was excellent, the responses apparently fervent, and alto gether 1 was much gratified in having joined in worship with suuh an assembly. Many of the natives being away for their holidays, there were only about forty preseut, the majority of tnem being half-castes and quarter-casteB, as I suppose the progeny of the former may be termed. There are about seventy on the hooks, and as the natives of the district have died out the institution has become cosmopolitan in character, some natives of New South Wales beiug among the inmates. The land held by the institution comprises a little over 15,000 acres, three sections being freehold, and the remainder leased from the Govern ment at a peppercorn rental. The stock con sists of 7,000 sheep and 140 cattle. The produce shipped this season included 90 bales of wool and 700 bags of wheat. Air. Bruce, the manager, politely offered to show me over the estate and give me further particu lars if I called on another occasion, but circumstances did not permit of accepting hiB kind offer. I was informed by some oi the settlers in the neighbourhood that one of the greatest difficulties the officers of the institution have to cope with is the preven tion of intoxicating drink being supplied to the inmates. Occasionally ligucr is sur reptitiously procured, and sceuu6 of disorder arc enacted in the cottages of the imbibers. Air. Bruce is very energetic in his endeavours to discover the Bource from whence the firewater is got, hut the natives generally pre serve such a stolid reticcuce tliat it is diffi cult to fix the crime upon the real culprit. The Poonindie ifistate is a kind of Nabotu a Vinevard to many of the iuhabitauts of the Port Xin coin district, who desire to see the institution ItroUeu up and the laud sold. But 1 think it would be a great pity if this were done, ior two reasons. In the first place, the farmers, who want the laud, would he pro bably outbid by the squatters, who would oulyiun sheep upon it. In the second place, we have takeu ail the huutiug grounds from the natives, and it is a very small mattei to reserve 15,000 acres out of the hundreds of thousands in the district as a refuge for those who may he left, or for those half-castes which the immorality of the whites has brought iuto the world with, I could, almost write, tiie curse of Cain upon them, as they are neither fish, flesh, nor good red herring— neither white nor black, and often looked down upon with disdain by both races. Wlitu I had been in Lincoln about a week I received an invitation from one of the leading residents in the township to join him in a tour through the country. As I had been iidiug Slianks's pony rather hard for some days previously, 1 accepted the invitation. The first place visited was the homestead of Mr. Hoiroyd, whose property his a very park-like appearance, the similarity being heightened by a lake about a quarter of amile in circumference, called the Duck Ponds, from whence the homestead derives its name. Nut finding Mr. H. at home we made for the Patch, so called from a fertile patch of country embosomed in hills. Its native name is Woolga, which is certainly more euphonious than its European brother. As the sun was rapidly declining we pushed on, arriving at a settler's house shortly before sunset, who gave us directions how to find the track. Before gaining it, however, we were en veloped in darkness, and found ourselves in a worse position than the foolish virgins, for we had do lamps at all. To add to the diffi culty of travelling, the grass-treeB, or, as they are called in the vernacular, " yakkas," were as "thick as autumn leaves in Vallam brossa." Our buggy was like a sailing vessel in a heavy b< am sea. Occasionally one of the wheels of the trap would mount on the bead of an eld man " yakfea," and if my companion, a man over eighteen stone, happened to be on the windward side he would roll over on me, nearly throw ing the _ tiap on its _ beamends. As tbe merciful man is merciful to his beast, even though it be a borrowed one, we both alighted, my companion leading the way and I leading the horse. My chum, who was a new chum, haviDg left the Green Isle some eighteen months previously, was rather dis concerted at the idea of having to camp out without blankets or tucker; but I, having had more than forty years of colonial life, and having matches in my pocket and the weather was fine, took it more philosophi cally. The yakkas becoming more numerous, and travelling even with an empty buggy more difficult, I was about to call a halt ana prepare for camp, when my chum heard a sound which was more delightful to his ears at that presentmomentthan any of thesonatas of Beethoven, however admirably they might be executed-*-it was the bark of a dog, and immediately afterwards we found the track. Following it up we soon came to the home stead, and received a hearty welcome from Mrs. Sinclair, her husband being away at the time. To say that we did ample justice to the viands set before us would be no hyper bole, but literal fact. In the morning we in spected the garden of our hostess, where Iwas surprised to find everything growing, from watercresseB to mulberries. I was pre viously under tbe impression that the only fruit produced in the district was the sbeaoak apples. The course marked out for tbe day By my portly cicerone was Kojipio, via the Meadows and Toolilla. Foi the first few miles the country was uninte resting, but on reaching the Meadows a change took place. It bad an auriferous look about it, and I believe gold will be found there when well sought after. I may say that I have had experience as a digger on tbe Victorian goldfields, having wrought there in 185;!, 'oil, and '54. This apparently auriferous country was only a strip in the course we travelled, but it may be broader off the road. We shortly after struck the Valley ofthe'Tod. and when . oolitla was reached the stubble fields suggested the idea of fariua ceousness. The crops here were good this season—from 15 to 17 bushels—but there is no large extent ot good arauie land. Diiving through a country fresh, as it were, tiom the band ot Nature, and upon whose fair face the devastating hand of civilization had not stamped its impress by denuding it of the timber, with its tiiliu and valleys richly laden with health-giving breezes, so immensely different from the odours emitted from the gratings of our deep-drainage system, is far more productive of appetite than galores of quinine. 1 felt so, at any rate, when my guide, philosopher, and friend drew up at the house of a widow lady, where he assured me we should find a hearty welcome, as her hospitality was proverbial throughout the district, lie spoke truth, for man and beast were well entertained. After spending a couple of hours with our hostess, we pushed on for Koppio, arriving there at dusk. The Manager, Mr. 'felfer, was away from home, but the absence of her "jo" was amply compensated for by the open-handed hospitality of Mrs. 1'clfer. Koppio is the property of Dr. J. H. Browne, it formerly carried 25,000 sheep, but the kangaroos and wallabies have increased so rapidly that its carrying powers are now reduced to 10,000. As a kangaroo will consume as much feed as three sheep, it ib clearly the interest of run holders to destroy them. Accordingly men are employed for the purpose, who receive rations ana sixpence a head, besides the pri vilege of selling the skins. The surroundings of .Koppio are perfect and unique. About twenty acres are planted with vines, fruit, forest, and olive trees, and preparations are making for an extensive plantation of the latter. The olive thrives exceedingly well in the district, and I feel convinced that much of the inferior land in the neighbour hood of Boston Bay could be rendered valu able by its cultivation. Our next day's course was from Koppio to White's River, via Pilla worta and Yalluua. Much of the land passed over in the early part of the day was suitable for cultivation, and I predict, if it be Crown land, it will be inhabited before many years by cockatoos other than those of the feathered race. After passing Pillaworta the country became rangy, presenting strong indications of an auriferous character. The country is, no doubt, rich in minerals. I saw very keenly indications of copper in many places — sufficient, in conjunction with imaginative mining captains' reports to float a dozen Companies. This will probably be done when the money market becomes more buoyant. We were nearly paying an involuntary visit to one of the knacked mines until we were arrested in our course by the information given by a couple of fencers, in answer to our enquiries, that we were making straight tracks for the BurrawiDg. Turning back, we entered upon a series of high sheaoak hills, and the view from one overlooking the Yalluna Station X shall never forget. It was equal to that from Mount Lofty. On visiting the station the usual hospitalities of the district were accorded to our horse and ourselves, and after chatting far a couple of hours with Mrs. Scott, the homely wife of the Manager—her husbaud being away on the run—we started for W Lite's River Station, arriving there at dark. This station belongs to Mr. Anderson, who is at present in Scotland, and is managed by his nephew, Mr. C. Goode. We remained here for the night, experiencing the greatest hospitality and kindness from the Manager aud_Mrs. Goode, sen. As my companion had business in Lincoln requiring his presence lie left early the next morning, but my hostess, hearing I was on a holiday, kindly invited me to remain lor a few days, which offer I grate fully accepted. In concluding these notes of my rambles I cannot forbear testifying to the hearty manner in which the settlers in the Fort Liueoin Distiict obey the apostolic injunction " as it is contained" (to give it the true ecclesiastical ring) in the thirteenth chapter of Hebrews and the early part of the second verse, although—and I am persuaded my companion will entirely agree with me in the statement —the contingent possibility in the concluding portion of the quotation had not the remotest application to either of us. On the ronte we travelled we saw no hotel for fifty miles, yet all our wants were abundantly supplied. I do not think either my companion or myself will contract hydatid disease, as the water we drank was usually qualified with a wee drappie of the mountain dew to slake our thirst and clear our throats—or, as my com § anion would express himself in his melli uous Milesian accent, " our troats." Since my return to Adelaide I am gratified to learn that the opinion I formed of some portions of the country I traversed being auriferous is not erroueoup. On mentioning to a recent acquaintance—in whose veracity I have the most implicit reliance—my visit to the district, and speakiug of the geological character of some parts, I was rather startled and much pleased when he informed me that last year, being in Melbourne, be met a friend who knew the Port Lincoln district well, and was convinced that gold was to be found there. They accordingly went to Port Lincoln in company and prospected several parts of the district, finding the colour in many of the gullies. At last they struck a reef in which gold was plainly visible. Picking out a sample of about 8 lb., they sent it to Bal larat for assay, the return being at the rate of 14 oz. to the ton. This result induced them to send a larger quantity for crashing to Maldon, which gave a return of between 8 and 3 oz. to the ton. Their fundB becom ing exhausted, they ceased working, and are merely waiting for the time when money becomes more plentiful to place it in the market. My acquaintance is, of course, very reticent as to the exact locality of the reef,* but he thawed sufficiently to give an affirma tive when 1 enquired if it were between the Patch and \alluna. 1 may further state that he showed me a piece of quartz, in which gold is visible in several places. My acquaintance was candid enough to tell me that the gold procured cost him about £11 per oz. But I have paid dearer for the article than that. I have a very vivid recollection of losing some weeks of labour, spending about £30, and travelling nearly 500 miles, for the quantity of 16 dwt. When the latent mineral resources of the district are thoroughly developed a great impetus to trade will accrue, and it is quite within the region of possibility for the time to arrive when the now ehipless harbour of Port Lincoln will be crowded with vessels, and the shores of the Bay, from Curtain Point to Poonindie Peninsula, dotted with the villas of merchants, mining speculators, gold nimere, and others. Bo mote it be. 