The Storyteller. The House of White Shadows.* CHAPTER XVII. BY B. L. FARJEON. Author of "Blade-o-grass," "Joshua Marvel," "Bread and Cheese and Kisses," "Grif," "London's heart," &c.; MOTHER DENISE CONCLUDES HER STORY. "MR. BALCOMBE bowed as he would have done to a strange lady, and said: 'I thank you. There is before us a plain duty. We are r>ouna to each other irrevocably, and we cannot part without disgrace. Our grief we have Drought upon ourselves, and must bear in silence. These gates will never again be open to friends. We have done with friendship as we have done with love. Once more 1 ask you what it is you propose to do.' "' You will give me these rooms to live in 7* said my lady. " * They are yours,' he replied; • unless lam compelled by duty or by circumstances which I do not at present foresee, I will never enter them during your lifetime.' I" It is in accordance with my wish.' she said. 'In daylight I will never leave them : only at nightfall will I walk in the grounds. Outside the gates I will never more be seen. People's tongues cannot be stopped, and your acts this day have brought shame upon me. But, I repeat, no direct sin lies at my door. I have been misled and betrayed; my life has been blighted. I can bear it, and will, nor shall you hear me complain. Will you give me Denise to wait upon me ?' " ' She is your servant, and yours only, from this moment.' " 'Denise,'she said to me, 'are you willing V ,_ VY^ ."2.J **&»' l answered i I was almost choked with Bobs, while they, outwardly, were calm and unmoved. "' Then all that is necessary has been said. Farewell.' And she looked towards the door. "He did not linger a moment. He bowed to her ceremoniously, and left the room. " When he was gone I felt as if some sudden and fearful shock must take place, as if a thunderbolt were about to fall and destroy us, or as if my lady would fall dead at my feet. But nothing occurred, and when I had courage to look up I saw my lady seated in her chair, white and still, with a resigned and determined expression on her face. It would have been a great relief to me if she had cried, but there was not a tear in her eyes. '"Do you believe me guilty, Denisef she asked. "'The saints forbid,' I said, 'that such a thought should ever cross your mind. I know you to be an innocent suffering lady.' " ' You will do as you have been bidden to do, Denise? While ray husband aud I are alive you will not speak of what has passed within this room V "'Never, my lady,' I said. And never again was the subject spoken of between us; she did not refer to it, and I did not care to do so, although it seldom left my mind. " Well, a new life now commenced for us—a new and dreadful life. Mr. Balcombe denied himself to visitors, and until you came, my lady, no friend of the family ever entered the gates. Mr. Balcombe lived most of his time in his study, writing and reading, and pacing to and fro as he used to do in tunes gone by. He never made any inquiries about my lady, nor she about him. Bhe lived in these rooms, and in my remembrance did not stir out of them during the day. Master Arthur slept in the inner room there, and was free to run about as he pleased. His was not a happy childhood, for, when he began to speak and think, the estrangemeut between his parents, of course, had an effect upon him, and he could obtain no satisfactory replies to bis questions. When he was with my lady, it was, 'Mamma, why do you not go and speak to papa V And when he was with his father it was, 'Papa, come to mamma, she wants you to speak to her.' Which was all imagination on his part What news they had of each other's health and doings came through him : they could sot put a padlock on the child's tongue. 'Papa, mamma has a bad headache. Papa, mamma was ill in the night.' ' Mamma, papa has been writing and writing all day long. I peeped in through the door, and he looked so tired.' 'Mamma, see what papa gave me.' 'Papa. I have run away with this picture mamma has painted. Is it not beautiful V And so it went on, but the child's eager anxious love brought them no nearer to each other. In the dark nights, when the weather allowed, my lady would walk in the grounds—always alone, and it got to be said, as the moonlight shone on her SiJ* 6 d"?& 'She I°°*" *&« • wh»te ghost,' or <Sfca is like a white shadow moving in the moon's light.' Her husband was careful to ksep out of her ugh* when *he indulged in her lonely walks; they never made the slightest advance to each other. '• I must not forget to tell you what occurred a few months after this estrangement. The night was very dark, and I had seen my lady in bed, and as I thought asleep. Master Arthur also was asleep, as I myself was a few minutes after I had wished my lady good night There was a light in Mr. Balcombe's study as I pulled my blinds down; he often sat up till late in the morning. I woke up with the sound of the clock striking in my ears, I counted the strokes, from, one to twelve, It was midnight I was such a sound sleeper that after counting 12 q'clock I was surprised to find myself awake, and I caught myself won dering whether it was the striking of the hour that had aroused me. Ousts of wind were ■weeping roqnd the walls of the villa. It must have been the wind that disturbed we, 1 thought, and I was on the point of falling asleep again when another soundman unusual ane-r-made me jump up in bed, wide awake. It was like a heavy object falling from a height within the grounds. 'Can it be robbers,' I thought, 'climbing the gates, and missing their footing ♦* I was not afraid, hut I thought it as well to wake my husband, who was in the soundest of B'cpps. I told him what I had heard, and he looked out of the window, and said there was nothing to be seen but a light in our mastcr'H study. •Heis up and awake,' said my hiwlmiul; ' what you heard was."the wind. RolOu-r- ! There has not fceen a robbery in t ... n..^ Uoujhood^or thirty years. I pity thp v i«ber. that trisd to pass our dogs. Th;ej* t Jet n^ go, to sleep, and don't disturb me again, with your fancies: and get to sleep yourself as quick as you can; now your head Is stirring, be you'll fancying aU sorts of • The sole right of publication in (taeenslaxui of "The House of WhiteShadowa'^hMnhSen purchased by the Brisban* N^^pex £&$$ things.' Id another moment he wu snoring. But I found it was not an easy matter gettitig to sleep again rayaelf; I lay thinking, half awake and half asleep. I wan glad ray husband had mentioned the dogs; lie was quite right; any stranger trying to pass them would have been torn to pieces. Well, but there was somebody walking on the gravelled path; I heard the soft footsteps crunching the stones, not hurredly, but softly and with caution, as though fearful of disturbing the people in the house. These sounds came between the gusts of wind, which were growing stronger and stronger. Then it occurred to me that it must be my master, who, unablo to sleep and dis turbed in his mind, was walking about the grounds. Contented with this explanation, I was soon asleep—for how long I did not know; for suddenly I found myself sitting up in my bed again listening to the wind, and with a confused impression that a gun had been fired. I was trembling all over, but my husband was sleeping peacefully. I listened, and hearing nothing more reasoned myself out of my fears; the rest of the night passed without farther disturbance. " But it was not entirely fancy, for in the morning a strange discovery was made. Our two dogs were dead—poisoned. None of the servants could furnish any information; not one had been disturbed but myself. Mr. Bal combe was as calm as usual, and the only ex planation we could think of was that a robbery had been planned, and that the robbers had poisoned the dogs, but being hurt by a fall from the wall had gone away without carrying out their design. There was nothing missing from the house. When I spoke to Mr. Bal combe about ray waking up in the night and the sounds I had heard, he said 'It must have been chiefly imagination on your part, Denise. I was up and awake till 4 o'clock, and should know about the matter more than you. Keep your fears to yourself, and next time you are disturbed by such fancies, and see a light in my window, rest satisfied that all is well. I would not speak much of it if I were in your place.' I took his advice, and after a little while the affair was forgotten. "80 the years went by in the lonely villa without any changes. My lady grew into the habit of taking her walks later In the night, and never a word was exchanged between ncr husband and herself. So oppressive was this state of things that the servants left one by one; and I daresay I myself should have asked to be relieved from the service had it not been for n)y affection for my mistress. To live with her as I did for years without growing to love her was not possible. Her gentleness, her resigna tion, her resolution, were almost beyond belief with those who were not daily witnesses of her lonely, blameless, suffering life. She never wrote or received a letter; she cut herself away from the world, and these rooms were her living gfave. She loved her child, but she held her lOve in control, and did not give way to any violent demonstration of feeling. I could see that, as the lad grew up, he was bewildered by the relations which existed between his parents. Had one or the other been unkind to him he might have been able to put some construction upon the estrangement, but they were equally affectionate and equally kind to him. It came at last to entreaties. ' Mamma, do come out with me, and speak to papa; see—he is walking in the garden. Mamma, may I bring papa into your room T Why does he not come to see you ?' 'Papa, mamma is really very ill; Ido so wish Sou would let me bring you to her; do, papa, o.' It was heart-aching to hear the lad, who loved both, who received love from both. Then he began to study other children and their parents, and when he saw one walking between mother and father, who smiled upon each other and upon their little ones, his eyes would over flow with tears. He would peep through cottage windows, nay, he would go into the cottages, where he was always welcome, and would see for himself proofs of domestic happi ness which never gladdened his eyes in his own home. ' I wish my mamma and pap* had been poor,' he said tome;' then they would have lived together, and have loved each other. Denise, you tell me what it all means.' " * Hush, Master Arthur,' I answered. * I am only a servant, and I know nothing. When you are a roan you will understand.' '"I want to understand now—l want to understand now,' he cried. 'There is some thing very wicked about this place. I hate it —I hate it!' And he would stamp his little foot, and break into a fit of crying so full of real sorrow that I could not help crying with him. Something of this must nave reached their ears, for I have no doubt he made his appeals to them, but it made no alteration in their live*. How they suffered only themselves could have known. My master grew thin and worn: dark circles were round his evjs. which sometimes had a wild look in them which made me fear he was losing his senses. And my lady drooped and drooped like a flower; paler and quieter every dty; sweeter and more resigned, v that were possible, with every setting of the sun; so weak at last that she could not take her walk in the grounds. Sitting by this win dow, looking up at the beautiful sky, she said to me one peaceful evening, "' I shall soon be there, Penise. When my mother sees me coming she will be frightened to meet me, Does she know now that she poisoned my life T " 'Oh, madame,' I said, and so saint-Ukewas her appearance that I could have knelt to her, 'let roe go to my matter, *nd beg him to come to you,' >r * He would not come,' she said. " Believing that this was a sign of relenting on her part, I said, 'He will, madame, he will, if I lay you sent for him.' "'And I would not have him come,'she said. ' When I send for him he will not refuse me.' '"You will send me. for him one day? 9 I asked. '"Yes, Denise, unless I die in. jay sleep, which I have often prayed to, do; t>ut this bleasing may be denied m,e. 1 "Ah, how sad were the days. It saddens me now to. anesk. of. them. All kinds of strange nations entered my head during th^t live. I used to think it would be a ojercy if a great flood were to come, or if some one would set fire to the vUU— \t would bring them together for a few minutes at least. And then, as I gazed at her, \ wou^d think that she could not live through another summer, so weak W»s she growing.—she *as fading away before my ey.es. The end came at last, when Master Arthur was eight years old. ' • jt was a spring evening^ and Master Arthur was. telling ncr that the tree^i were full of be%u,tif\M bud*. He bad. aa.tb.ered a quantity of spring powers; his father and; he had heen YtJltag in tttft woods, and. he to let his mother of the grand and wise lesson his father had given him. " ' Mamma,' said the child, 'papa is a good man ; I love him more than any other man— and I love you, niamroa, more than any other woman. Papa ia a good man, is he not V "' He in, my child,' ske answered, 'and a just man.' "My heart leapt into my throat an I heard her apeak these words of her husband. Was it possible that this dreadful life was coming to an end, and that they would at length be re conciled after all theso weary, weary, years V My lady was lying back in her chair, gazing nowat her boy, nowat the setting sun. The tops of the trees were touched with red light, which played and flickered in the branches as if it were alive. Ah, my lady, if we were but to follow God's teaching and loam the lessons He sends us every day and every hour, how much unhappiness we should be spared ! There was an angelic expression on my lady's face ; she spoke but little, but encouraged her child to talk of hiß father. They had been in the woods nearly the whole of the day, and the father had let light into his child's soul with his discourses upon this and that. "' And do you know, mamma,' said the child, 'papa is not strong; he soon grows tired, but I can run about all day. He often has to stop and rest, and once he threw himself upon the grass and fell fast asleep. I sat by his side, and listened to the birds, who were all so happy, while papa's face was tilled with pain. But when he woke and saw me all the pain disap peared, and he smiled and folded me in his arms. Oh, mamma, mamma, why will you not Bee papa, and love him as I do V " 'My child,' said the lady, ' I will see papa to-morrow.' " ' You will—you will ?' cried the lad. ' Oh, mamma, you have made me so happy—so happy!' "'You are tired, Arthur,' said my lady, 'go to bed and sleep. Sleep well, niy child. I pray that God will send happiness into your life.' "' Good mamma! Beautiful mamma ." aaid the lad, caressing his mother and stroking her face ; 'lam happy now. I shall dream all night long of to-morrow.' " She never kissed her child with greater ten derness than she did on this night; he knelt at her knees, and said his prayers, and of his own accord ended with the words, ' And make my papa and mamma love each other to morrow.' - " ' Good night, dear child.' "' Good night, dear mamma; I want to morrow to come quick. Good night, Denise.' " ' Good night, Master Arthur/ " And in a very few moments he was asleep. Then my mistress called me to her aide, and spoke gratefully of my service to her. "' You have been good and faithful to me,' she said ; 'it has been a hard duty, and yoa have performed it well.' " ' Oh, my lady,' I said, sobbing ; I could not help it, she spoke sp graciously and tenderly ; ' it will be the happiest duty a servant ever per formed if what you have just said to Master Arthur comes true. Can it be that you will send for mv master to- morrow ?' " ' It will be so, Denise, unless God takes me to-night; we are in His hands; His will be done. Give me those flowers, you faithful woman.' "Do not think me vain or proud for repeating those words she spoke to me; they were very, very, precious to me, and the sweetness has not yet died out of them, though she who uttered them is du|t. " I gave her the.ftowers. and she asked me to sit by ncr later than usual. Two or three times she asked me to go to Master Arthur's bed and see if he was sleeping, and when I told her ho looked like an angel in his sleep she smiled and thanked roe. Then she asked me if there was a light in her husband's study, and, going out into the balcony to look, I said there was, and said moreover that scarcely a night passed that he did not sit up till 2 or 3 in the morning. " 'He was always a great student,' she said. 'How shall one be forgiven for breaking up his "' Ah, ray lady,' I said, 'if I dared to speak!' " ' Speak freely, Denise.' "And then I told her how he loved her; how he used to worship her, and watched every movement she made. These signs were plain to a woman's eyes, I said, and that never did woman have a moro faithful and devoted lover than my master was to her, nor a nobler heart, nor one who stood more highly in the world's esteem. She listened and did not chid© rae, and presently said she would retire to rest; but she could scarcely rise from her chair, she was so weak. '"I had beat remain with you to-night, my lady,' I said. 'f'lt is not necessary,' she said; 'I shall need nothing in the night, and I shall be better to-morrow,' "I thought it was my duty to make my master acquainted with his wife's condition; I did not tell him that it was her intention to ask him to come to her to-morrow, for fear si c would alter her mind, and cause him to think ill of her. There had been disappointment and vexation enough in tbe house. 1 could not rest, thinking of my lady, and during the night I went twice to her room. She was sleeping calmly, but her breathing was so soft that I had to put my ear close to hear it. In the morning she awoke, and I helped her to dress, and afterwards assisted her to her favourite seat by this window. Master Arthur was already up and about, and shortly after his mother was dressed he came in leaded with flowers, to make the room look beautiful, be said, on this happy day. It was a day he was never to forget. " The morning passed, and tny lady made no sign; Master Arthur, flitting in and out like a bird, waited impatiently for his mother's in structions to bring her husband to her, but she spoke not a word. I offered her food, but she did not touch it; I did not know what to do. On the previous day the doctor who regularly attended her had said that his services were re quired at some distance front the villa, and that it was not necessary he should see my lady on the morrow. 3he had replied, 'Do not trouble, doctor; you can do nothing forme.* And indeed his skill was of no avail; so that we did not expect him on this day. There appeared to be no special necessity for his presence—my lady was in no pain; she looked nappy and contented; but she was so quiet—so very very quiet; not a word, not a moan, net a sigh. It made me frightened to look at her. " At length Master Arthur tould no longer control his impatience. 44' Manama, you promised to send for papa; you do not forget, do you? Why don't you speak? - Ah, but you arc tired. It is today, you know, and you acd papa were to love each. other. Shall Igo for him ? Say yes, or look it, mamma! " .She turned her eyes to her boy, and he Haw that she was willing he should go for his father. He kissed her quickly, and ran out of the room crying 'Papa! papa!' " I stepped softly into the little room, and closed the door. It was not right that a sonant's eyes should witness so sacred a meeting; but, though I denied myself the jjrivil^i; of boing present, my heart was in my furs. Ir. wan proper that, I should be within call; in my lady's weak state my services inivht. 1 <? required. " I heard th.r door of my lady's room open i\'il <:lose. I hoard niy master's footsteps. I hoard Master Arthur say, " 'Mamma, here is papa! Speak to him, and lfive him us Ido ! Papa, put your arms round mamma's neck, ami Iciss her!' "Then all was quiet—so quiet, .so quiet! Not a sound, not a word, not a sob. Oh, holy Mother! I can hear the silence now I can fuel it about mo ! It was iv this very room, and my lady was sitting in the chair in whicli yon nre seated. "Suddenly the silenco was broken. My master was calling: "'Denise! Denisc! Where arc you? Como quickly!' " Before lie had finished calling for me I was in my lady's room. My master was looking •wildly from his wife to his child, from his child to his wife. The lad, with his arms about his mother, was kissing her and crying over her. I gently unwound his arms from his mother's neck; I took her hand in mine and pressed it; her fingers were cold and motionless. " 'What is it, Denise?' my master whispered hoarsely. ' The truth! the truth !' "He read the answer in my eyes. We were gazing on the face of a dead woman ! "Yes, she was dead, and no word had been exchanged between them. How true, how prophetic, were the words she had spoken to her husband in their last interview on this spot seven years before: 'After to-night I will never open my lips to you!' From that time to this he had never heard the sound of her voice, and now that after her long agony she had summoned him to her she was dead! Ah, if she had only lived to say, ' Mine was the fault. It was not only I who was betrayed! Let there be peace and forgiveness between us !' There were those in the villa who declared that the white shadow of my lady was seen that night gliding round about the grounds, and from that night the placo was supposed to be haunted. The impression was strengthened by Mr. Halcombc's proceedings. The funeral was a very quiet one, and, in accordance with my master's desire, all who belonged to the house and attended my lady's remains to the grave were dressed in white. Then the gossips averred that on certain nights the grounds were occu pied by white shadows, mournfully following each other in a long funeral line. That id how the villa grew to be called The House of White Shadows. " Soon after my lady's death Master Arthur was sent to school, and then came the end. One morning my master was not seen about; the day passed on, and still he was not seen; and when, alarmed, we went to his study to quiet our fears concerning him, we found him lying on the floor stone dead. That is all I have to tell, my lady." [to be continued.] 