SPORTING NOTES. By " Newmarket." The sanotum of the V.R.C, promises to be the scene of considerable bustle on Monday week, the 4th June, when nominations for the Maribyrnong Plate, Melbourne Cup, Cham pion Stakes of 1884, Normanby States, Ascot Vale Stakes, and other important events are to be inade. Mr. Byron Moore has given % be hoped that his efforts in this direction and the rich prizes offered by the Victoria ' Racing Club, will stimulate owners, and induce them to send in their entries in time. Owcers and drainers will have a very busy time of it on Monday week, for in addition to the closing of the principal of the V.R.C. events, the Victoria Amateur Turf Club invite entries for the now celebrated Caulfield Cup, :a beautiful gold trophy, the gift of Messrs. Norman and Arthur Wilson, with 500 so vs. added. Last year the Caulfield Cup attracted 127 entries, which is the largest number ever received for any handicap race in Australia, and as the distance appears to be a popular one with owners, there is every probability of that number being exceeded this year. Another important event that requires atten tion on the same date is the Juvenile Stakes, for two-year-olds, to be run for on Boxing Day. The Murrumbldgee Turf Club have chosen the 21st November for their annual spring meeting, and in selecting this date I think the club have acted very wisely, as it will allow owners ample time for horses that have competed at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting to be t aken over the border. The Adelaide Racing Club commenced their autumn meeting on Saturday last. The weather was fine, and considering that it rained very heavily on the previous night, the course was in very fair order. Early in the morning it became known that the club intended to impose & £10 fee on all book makers doing busic ess in the saddling paddock, and an exciting scene occurred when the secretary informed the leading members of the ring of the club's intention. The book makers in a body refused to pay the licence- fee, and Mr. J. Thompson was given in charge, .and removed from the saddling paddock. Later in the day an attempt was made to remove Mr. O'Brien, but on his declining to go, no force was used, and he remained master of the situation. The A.R.C. is essentially a totalisator club, and the ring naturally enough refuse to pay a licence-fee when they have to compete against the "apparatus." Already action at law has been taken in the matter, and in the meantime the sympathy of the public seems to be with the book makers. The raoing commenced with the Hurdle Race, for which Lady Oarrington and Triplet were most fanoied. The former went to the front early in the race, and won easily by half a dozen lengths. Transferred was in great form, and landed the Trial Han dicap and Totalisator Handicap in rare style, though it took him all his time to beat Forlorn in the last event. Prometheus was made a red-hot favourite for the Adelaide St. Leger, but he could get no nearer than a poor third to Royal Irishman, who won, hard held, by a length from Standard Bearer. Hurricane had an easy task set him in the Champagne Stakes, and the ancient Abdallah fairly played skittles with his field in the Steeplechase. A contingent of metropolitan eportingmen journeyed to Frankston by rail, on Saturday last, to witness the 8chnapper Point Amateur Races, but on their arrival they were informed that the meeting was postponed, owing to the heavy state of the course. Subsequently, ' however, several owners waited upon the stewards, and prevailed upon them to run the meeting off, which was accordingly done. The first event was the Hurdle Race, for which Cavalier and Napoleon were the only starters. The grey waited on Napoleon until reaching the last hurdle, where he slipped and threw bis rider, and Napoleon cantered in alone. The Schnapper Point Handicap fell to Re becca, with Phantom second, and Silvertail (late Bluelight) third. Cavalier made amends for his mishap in the Hurdle Race by winning the Steeplechase by a head, after a desperate set- to with Baronet, Will-if-I-can being third. The Hack Race was won by Raillery, and the Consolation Stakes by Boston, with Rosetta second, and Priscilla third. Ths Sale Turf Club have decided to hold their midwinter steeplechase meeting on 2nd August. . The programme will contain five events: — Handicap Hurdle, 75 govs., two miles; Selling Flat Race, 30 sovs., sis furlongs; Winter Handicap, 100. sovs., one mile ; Selling Hurdle, 40 sovs., one mile and a half ; Wattle Handicap Steeple, 100 soys., two miles and & half. The entries will close on 20th July, nominations on the 24th, and general entries on the 28th. In paying the dividends in the totalisator in one of the races at Adelaide, on Saturday, the accountant accidentally made the total over £100 less than the sum invested in the machine, but the error was afterwards recti fied. Mr. W. S. Cox writes to say that, finding the improvements on the Moonee Valley course will not be as complete as he could wish for the opening day of the new course, the 2nd July, he has decided to postpone it until some future date. The Hon. J. White has christened the bay mare by Maribyrnong from Rosedale (dam Kingedale) Iolantke, and the black or grey colt by Chester from Kathleen Monte Christo. A Sydney paper says An uneasy feeling has been caused amongst racing men owing to a presumption that the result of the Adelaide Cup was known before any tele grams were delivered in Sydney, and those who laid against Sting at the last moment are loud in demanding that a searching investigation be made. They assert that some one in the telegraph department has been guilty of a breach of trust by divulging the result of the race before the telegrams were delivered to the persons to whom they were addressed." The steeplechaser Premier, and Shamrock, the hqrdleracer, have arrived safely in Adelaide. The former is thought to have a good show for the Steeplechase to be run to day. The stakes won at the late S.A.J.O. Meethm were paid over as foUowe on Monday last - The Hurdle Raoe— T. Cowan, £145 ; <J V Reid, £5. Camden Stakes— Sir Thomiut Elder, £115 ; 3. Ctozier, jah., £5. Novel Handicap Selling Raoe— X. Holland, £100 I St. Leger Stakes— Sir Thomas Elder £325 » W. B. Rounsevell, £50. South Austin 5 Sf/KaTd,,£3?5 ; »». m; A. Smith (bleeder of winner), £30. Flying Handicap— S. Barnard, £148 ; E. WeeksfS! Maiden Igate R. Love, £66 ; R. Griffiths, £3. Nursery Hamhcap-Sir Thomas Elder, £130; J Adelaide Cup— E. Weeks ' an 8W cop. Yal«q 100 fOVtf ; Jacobs, £100; Sir T. Elder, £10. Selling Hurdle Race — G. Tantram, £56 ; G. Tan tram (sale of horse), £100; B.Dotnweli, £2. All Aged Stakes — S. Barnard, £85 ; W, Gordon-, £5. Autumn Handicap— C. L. M<Dannld,- £l&5 ; Hales, £5. Handicap Hurdle Race — T. Cowan, £120: G. R. Riad, £5. Juvenile Selling Bace— J. H. Hut, £i<K); do. (sale o£ horse), £f0. Corinoian Cup— E. Bo .v man, £20, and piece of plate value 100 sovh ; S. Berry, £5. Goodwood Handicap — J. Leek, £405; W. R, Mo rt lock, £50 ; T. Jordan. £10. Steeplechase — W, Martin, £340 ; T. Jordan, £20. S.A.J.C. Handicap — C. L. Ml) jnald, £130 ; E. Bowman, £5. Total, £3,834, ex clusive o! cups. The Sportsman's Totalisator Club seems "to have outlived its popularity, .and from rumours -current the affairs oE the club seem to be in a very unsatisfactory condition, and a split in the camp appears to be inevitable. Some time ago a gentleman was fortunate enough to win £200 in an investment over a double, but he only received half of his wins, one of the committee of the club alleging that the winner had saved £100 with him. This the backer of the double stoutly denied, and demanded his money. 'The club, however, preferred to be lievethe story of the committeeman, and, though the winner has since made several applications, he cannot obtain a settlement. One of the rules of the club is that they pay to the holders of the winning ticket, and this action in interfering in private disputes has caused it to fall into disrepute. . In the Supreme Court ou Monday, before Iub Honour Mr. Justice Williams and a Jury of Six, a bookmaker, named Patrick Carey, sued Patrick J. Quinn for £500 damages, for malicious prosecution. Mr. Walsh appeared for the plaintiff ; there was noippearance for the defendant. It appeared that the parties had some betting transactions together in December last, and that the defendant had made a book in company with a bookmaker named Alfred Drake, each agreeing to deposit £100. The defendant paid his share of the money, but when the book over the V.R.C. Autumn Race meeting came to be squared up, they found themselves on the wrong side. Defendant thereupon proceeded against Drake and the plaintiff for conspiracy to de fraud, and plaintiff was arrested in Bourke street. The case was dismissed at the police- < court, hence the present action. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff for £10 for expenses at the police court, and Is. damages. The Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting passed ©£E successfully at Flemington on Thursday. The weather was fine, and there was a moderate attendance. Punctually at the appointed time, the business commenced wish the Hurdle Bace, for which Wild Harry was installed favourite, and freely supported at even money againet the held. The winner, however, turned up in Stormbird, after an exciting finish with Merry maid, who was second, with Wild Harry a fair third. Fifteen horses started for the Queen's Birthday Stakes, which resulted iu an easy victory for Egerton, Welcome Jack beating Squireen for second place. Vaulter easily appro priated the Steeplechase from Black Jacket, the only other horse who completed the coarse without a mishap. The Corinthian Plat Bace fell to Liddington, after a close finish with The Ghost and King Charles, who ran second and third respectively. Anagram carried off the Selling Bace, Liddington being second, and Cassar third. The racing terminated with the Flying Stake, which resulted in a victory for Squireen, with Caesar second and King Charles third. An excellent luncheon was provided by Mr. lies, of Collins street. Although Mr. Bouse doeB not appear to have been very happy in his efforts with the flag at Bandwick on Thursday, the Birthday meeting of the Sydney Turf Club was a most unqualified success. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Lqjftus drove to the course, and appeared to take a lively interest in the sport. The Premier of Sydney and several .-'-embers of the Ministry were also present, and there was a large attendance of the general public. Twenty horses saddled up for the Boyal Stakes, but a considerable delay occurred at the start, and Mr. B >u-e was compelled to report many of the jockeys for disobedience, the result being that Mayo the rider of Hypatia), Nerricker (the rider of Demon), and Gainsforth (the rider of Hawthornden) were disqualified lor the rest of tne day. The winner, Boniface, was heavily backed, and started first favourite, but only just got home a bare head in front of The Demon, while Hypatia was close up, third. Dundreary 'secured an easy win in the Hurdle Bace. The Queen's Birthday Cup furnished a splendid contest, and resulted in a clever win for the constant little Sardonyx, with Morpeth a good second, Bnd Norm an by third. The victory of tbe game little son of Fireworks and Ooyx was very popular, and his present owner, Mr. A. Town, who vacated the judge's box until the race was run, received hearty congratulations. Cunnamulla was heavily backed by the public, but he was never dangerous, nor was Ore6wick, another of the mysterious division. Norman, a three-year-old brother to Cynic, won the Selling Bace ; and Lord of the Lake, a son of Goldebrough, landed the Ladies' Bracelet. By-the-bye, I see that Masquerade 1 started for the Selling Bace, and ran nowhere, a circumstance which should put handi- c&ppers; on their guard. The Inglewood and Bridgewater Bacing Club held their meeting on Thursday last, and notwithstanding that the weather was cold and wet, there was a very fair attend ance, the new grand -stand being well filled. The sport commenced with the Mqiden Plate, which was won by Butcher Boy, with Robert the Devil second, and Brunette third. An accident occurred in thiB event through Native running against a post and giving bis rider (MGsbrge) a nasty fall. Owing to a false start, the Bridgewater Handicap had to be run for twice ; bat this did not affect the result, as Marie came in tirat on each occa sion, Braybrook being second, and Try Me third. Toby carried off the Trot, and Omad- jaaun landed the Ingiewoodv Handicap, after a Capital race with Marie, Tricket gaining third honours. The Selling Bace fell to Butcher Boy, with. Bcbert the Devil second. The meeting was concluded with the Ladies' Bag, which was won by Miss Hcaperus, with Doubtful second. Although the weather was wet at Shep- parfcon on Thursday last, the local race j meeting was largely attended, and the six ! eventte on the card were witnessed with much j Interest. Busiuess opened with the Hurdle j Race, for which Gladiator easily disposed of Banker. The Biithday Handicap, about one j mile and a quarter, was appropriated by j Lady kirk It, with Gladiator next, and Artful '"Joe third. The Handicap Trot was won by Happy lack, Black Angel and Maringi filling tbe places. Heron disposed of Wild Beiily and Blue Bell in the Nursery Handicap, and Peter carried eff lbs Selling Bace. The Town Plate fell to Heron, with J Gladiator second and Ladjkirkll. third. ' A pleasant afternoon's eport was provided by the Lara Racing Club on Thuisday last. The programme also included several athletio contests. The Lara Handicap fell to Mr. Conyan's Jack Sprat, with Mr. M'Laren's Queen Mab second. Joseph won the Maiden Plate. Nellie being second, and Ball third. The Lara Purse was won by Lu'bra, with j Queen Mab second. The Howlong races were held on Thurs day, with the following result : —Maiden Plate : White Squall, I ; Mermaid, 2 : Yabba, 3\. Hack Race: Paiadcre, 1; Donovan, 2; Gentle Annie, 3. Howlong Handicap: Gran ville, 1; Emmett, 2; Gladstone, 3. Hurry Scurry : Gentle Annie, 1 ; Snowy, 2 ; Dono van, 3. Flying Handicap : Granville, 1 ; White Squall, 2 ; Bay Letty, 3. Consolation Stakes : Albury, 1 ; Emmett, 2 ; Gretna, 3. The Brisbane races were held on Thursday; tbe weather was fine, and there was a large attendance. The following are the results : — Maiden Plate : Gipsy King, 1 ; Explorer, 2 ; Medusa, 3. Sires' Produce Stakes: Legrand, 1 ; Capitulatoi, ; Sweetmeat, 3. Brisbane Cup : Mozart, I ; Glencoe, 2 ; Legacy, 3. Selling Plate : Mirza, 1 ; Express, 2 ; Ivan- hoe, 3. May Stakes : Goldfinder, I ; Gipsy King, 2 ; Sweetmeat, 3. City Handicap : Glencoe, 1 ; Silverhair, 2 ; Satirist, 3. On Friday next, the 1st June, Mr. Gibney will be in attendance at the Victorian Trot ting Club's office, Kirk's Bazaar, to receive nominations for the Australian Trotting Club Sires' Produce Stakes. The Y.T.G. are cheerfully persistent in their endeavours to foster the popular Yankee sport, and I hope that owners of stallions will nominate. Bacing men are reminded that entries for the Bendigo Jockey Club meeting will close at tbe office of tbe V.R.C. at 4 p.m., and with the secretary, Mr. H. Roberts, at S p.m., on Tuesday next, the 29th inst. As the pro gramme is a very liberal one, and offers special inducements to jumping horses, there Bhoald be large entries Owing to the continued wet weather, the stewards of the Adelaide Bacing Club met on Thursday morning and decided to post pone the second day of the meeting until to day. A match has been arranged to take place on the Gundagai course on the 16th July, for £300 a-side, between Mr. M. Walker's ch m Prudence and Mr. J. Leary's br h Mystery ; weights, 7st each ; distance, one mile and a half ; Mr. William Cooper backing Mystery, and Mr Walker his own mare. Mr. W. Leonard left by the mail steamer on Tuesday, on a trip to Europe. Sweet William has at last been withdrawn . from Mr. E. De Mestre's stable, and placed in Bsynor's charge with Kings worth, another of Mr. Gannon's horses. The Tasmanian-bred colt -Prodigal, by St. Albans — Zillah, arrived in Melbourne on Monday, and has gone into Mr. F. F. Dakin's stable to be trained for his Y.B.C/ Derby and other spring engagements. At a sale of racehorses held at Sturt's Bazaar, Adelaide, Helen, a yearling sister to The Assyrian, being by Countryman from Tinfinder, was sold to Mr. B. Love for 700 guineas; and Illueion, a half- brother to Delusion, realised 420 guineas, Mr. J. Leek, of Melbourne, being the pur chaser. Liberator has fcand a new owner, and has gone into Steve Mahon's stable. King's Son, by King of the Ring from Peerless, who was formerly in Batty's charge at Caaifield, has also been transferred to the veteran's charge. Trainers are cautioned against employing a lad named Thomas Wilson, who has abeconded from his employer, J. Morrison, of Flemington. Mr. G. Yowles has been appointed handi- capper to the Bendigo Jockey Club. A jockey named Connors was disqualified at the recent Roma meeting for pulling Darkie in the Turf Club Handicap. The hurdle-racer Black Prince, by Prince William, was sold at Kirk's Bazaar yesterday, to Mr. J. Tomkins, for 46 guineas; and BeeBwing, by Ladykirk from Lady Louisa, went to the same purchaser for 30 guineas. Tandarook. Magician, and Ard Righ were submitted, but failed to fiud a purchaser. Palmbearer, who ran second to Sir Bevys for the English Derby in 1879, died on Ins voyage to New Zealand. Palmbearer was by The Palmer from Scbechallion. by Blair Athol from Lady Tatton. He was a good performer as a three- year- old, and won tbe Spring Handicap and Chesterfield Handicap at Doneaster, and carried off tbe Queen's Plate. New Zealand breeders have done much to improve the breed of the thorough bred, and the loss of so promising a stud horse as the son of The Palmer is a great misfortune to the harems of Maoriland. A jockey named Moore was very danger ously injured through being thrown from his horse at the Newcastle Races, on Thursday. As it was raining very heavily yesterday afternoon, and there was no indication of a change in ths weather, the committee of the Viotorian Trotting Club met and decided to postpone the Ei stern wick Park Races until Saturday next, the 2nd June. The English Derby wae run on Wednesday last, and won by Sir F. Johnstone's ch c Saint Blaise, by Hermit — Fusee, with Lord Eiiesmere'e b c Highland Chief, by Hampton — Corrie, second, and Lord Falmouth's b c Halliard, by Gallopin — Mavis, third.' S Reform,, by Panic, "with whom To Amy j Corrigau won a steeplechase at Caaifield last j year, and wbo subsequently won the Adelaide 1 B.C. Steeplechase, was offered at auction in Auckland last week, and was passed in, the reserve being 140 guineas. 