TURF GOSSIP, BY ACGUR, Since the year that gave us Buch three-year olds as First King, Chester, Cap Ji-pie, Swiveller, Pardon, Waterford, Ulenormiston, Amendment, Woodlands, Savanaka. (as., we have had no season so prolific in three year olds aa that which is now drawing to. a close. Taking Navigator as the head and front of the year, Australia has never perhaps produced a better animal. PosseBBed of brilliant speed, extraordinary stamina, and unflinching gameness, he is all that a racehorse should be, and though, from unfortunate circumstances, he was un able to add the Champion Stakes to hia list of victories,. few will dispute the assertion that he is the best of hia year. It is to be regretted that Mr. De Mestre refused to bring him out for snch races as the Royal-park Stakes, Canterbury Stakes, Town Plate, and the weight-for-age races of the A.J.C. It would have been an interesting contest indeed had he, when in his beat form, been brought out to meet such animals as Darebin and Commotion at weight for age. Possibly they would have had to cry "enough" to him, but hia owner seemed to studiously avoid meeting anything in the weight- for-age races except the Champion Stakes, in which he was defeated, owing to being a trifle off. Still, nobody can gainsay his wonderful ability, and there is an earnest desire among racing men that he may train on and keep up his character as a fouj year old. Guesswork iB another brilliant animal, though only a pony, and that wonderful race be ran with Com motion in the Champion Stakes will never be forgotten by those who had the good for tune to witness it. I doubt very much if he will ever carry four-year-old weight for age successfully in first-class company, his small neBB of stature being against him, but under light weights he may Bhow that he retains that brilliant speed which has so often electrified the watchers at Flemington. The Plunger is another animal that must be ranked in the first class of three year olds. His 240 for a mile and a half at Geelong, and 5.30 for three mires at Rand wick were performances of a very high order of merit. ThiB son of Argua Scandal is one of the most powerful youngsters we have, and as weight will never trouble him, it is probable that he may torn out the crack four year old of next Beason. Fryingpan by his Guineas victory and second in the Derhy established himself as a good one, and there can be no donbt Segenhoe would have shown to much greater advantage had he been himself. Morpeth also gained fame by his victories in New South Wales, and when are added to the above such performers as Hecla, Mistaken, Little Jack, Anglesey, BasBanio, Coulston, the brilliant Boolka, and Standard Bearer, I think it will be admitted that Australia has this year been ex ceedingly rich in the possession of three year olds. One of the pleasanteBt trips of the season iB that which racing men make to the pretty little western town of Warrnambool, whose exhilarating air always seems to have an im proving effect upon those who inhale it Next week the bnsy bees of the ring and many who annnally do the western trip will, no doubt, assemble upon the grassy slopes of the Warrnambool oonrse to witness the con tests to be decided'at the two-days' meeting of the racing club. Those hi search of a good hurdleracer, steeplechaser, hack, or suitable horse for India will also take advantage of the opportunity to pay Warrnambool a visit. This year there is an additional incentive, for Messrs. Jellie and St. Quintin announce, through the advertising columns of The Australasian, that they will dispose of the whole of Messrs. Whitehead's thoroughbred and half-bred stock, consisting of over 100 head. Some of them have excellent pedigrees, being sired by snch horses as Fisherman, Angler, Panic,' The Premier, Boiardo, Manuka. Eingston, Fireworks, Indian Warrior, King Alfred, Athos, and Argus ScandaL In this multitude of well-bred animals, sorely our Indian traders, and those In want oi useful animals, should find something to suit their necessities. Between the first and second days of the W.R.C. Meeting, the Warrnambool amateurs will have their annual tryst, which is usually a most enjoyable little gathering. The Steeplechase is generally the exciting event of the W.R.C. Meeting, and this is so for two reasons, firstly because the western folk are passionately fond of jumping, and secondly because the gtonnd run over forms a perfect steeplechase oourse, and is un doubtedly the beet in Australia. It far a treat indeed to see a field of clever jumpers negotiating the walls and kg fenoes, jumping in and out ot the lane, and struggling throngh the ploughed land. No lover of tne sport should miss the exhibition. True, there is nothing approaching first class among the probable competitors ttia year, bat Luette, All Serene, and Mao should set over the course, and in the Hurdle Race that extraor dinary old son of The Fen, Devlin, who has erobably won more races than any other orse at present on the turf, may add another to' hM already Jong list of victories. Those engaged In the flat race are almost an unknown qa&otikytome;, though if Athlete and Queen lie* be tirraelr best lorm, one or the other should catcKthejudge's eye. The entries for the South Australian Jockey Club meeting are very satisfactory. For tne Hurdle Raoe 17 have been nomi nated, and this number inotadee Rhesus, Cracksman, and LordofClyde. The South Australian Stakes dosed previously with 45 entries. For the Novel Selling Raoe 11 have been nominated, and the St. Leger has 42 names in it, GraeuttOftc, 'Prometheus, and Bassanio being the best of the lot In the Flying Handicap there «re 87, Nursery Handi cap 19, Autumn Handicap 26. Corinthian Cup 16, steeplechasers, and S.A.J.C. Handi cap 24. For some unaccountable reason the club has another entryday ontJie 23rd Inst, when the Camden Stakes, Maiden Plate, All-aged Stake*, Mid other events olose. This absurd multiplying ot dates is a great mistake, and often leads owners into error. While on thofiubjeot I may as well remind those , whohave hones engaged^ in ^ _ the Adelaide Cap,aad Goodwood Handicap that acceptances most be deduced before 4p.mon Monday next, the 16th Inst \- Two other important stakes that oloie on Monday neri , sow.,and iJBYBu the Sydney Turf Club meeting on Queen's Birthday. The lint-named race ia a six farlongs handicap, and aa the distance ia short there ia boand to be a large entry, ine cnp u also a handicap of a mile and a m ' Lan I hope the liberality of theS.T.C. w 0 JProP°"y appreciated by Victorian owners. The entrance fee ia a sovereign only, and for thia moderate aum nominators can aee the weights. The other events ? in the programme make np a bill of fare which snonld prove acceptable to every description of racing man. Two year olds are provided tor by the inclusion of the May Stakes of 150 80u?'t tfnner.to be eold for 250sova., which condition will effectually ahnt out two or tnree of the cracks, against whom . more moderate youngsters would not 1' <? /??? ; the ghost of a chance. A Hurdle Race 150 sovs.. Selling Plate of 150 aovs.and U-. ! Ladies^ Bracelet complete the programme The winner of the latter will receive ab.-w- : let value 80 BOVS., the second one valt.a 50 tho third & similar trophy v/ilu 20 80F8. Ownera of horaea will bear in mind ! entries for the Victoria Amateur Turf .: meeting close at 4 p,m. on Monday next, 16th inst. The programme includes the ' Huntly Handicap of lOOaovs., Steeplec: of 100 aova., a Selling Race, Hurdle Race, ' the Armadale Handicap. The Plunger, Off Colour, Mistaken, L r. Jack, and Josephine have returned f Sydney. It is reported that Mr. Smart off ? 2,000 guineas for Off Colour, but that 4 ) guineas waa the price asked. I don't begr Mr. Smart his wealth, which he dispe with no niggardly hand, nor am I sorry thi.' : . poBsesaes two such colts aa Archie and v' > wick, but I should be grieved indeed to Be Colour go into his stable. Some mo ago Mr. Smart was reported to have t: 20,000 to 1,000 that Warwick won the A,. Derby and V.R C. Derby. The fo looks a good thing for the colt, but the 1 \tt . does not, though with his formidable rv:. j Archie in the same stable the son of Ripivi'v : may, if the first trick is scored, be withdr,<v-r in the interesta of hia stable compahio: which in itself would deprive the race f -' considerable amount of its interest; b.r. Off Colour also were to join the string h?r. speculation would be stilled and th6 u- u for the blue riband of Victoria would dwindle, down into insignificance. I hope eincrd.t . there is no chance of a deal being ; and that Mr. Wilson will retain his -? > ' to fight for the honour of Victoria and cht : Juliet family, which has produced eo Mi; [ Derby heroes, and promises to provide irc-z? ; more. Another good horse has been eold to go to New Zealand. This is no other than the up conntry performer Theuge. Although his doings have been confined to country courses, Theuge haa often been highly spoken of by food judges from the metropolis. Aa a rule e has been erroneously given as Thenge, but Theuge is hia name, and I believe it is Irish for Tim, so that it is very appropriate. He was bred by Mr. William Brown, and his pedigree ia a good one, as he is by Tim Whiffler from Lapwing, by Maiibymong from Bronze wing. The price paid for him was 300 sova., and another century ia to be added if he ahould win an important race in the land of the Maori. It is somewhat singular that although New Zealand now and then breeds such horses as Manuka, Peeress, Lurline, Calumy, Mata, and Welcome Jack, she is indebted to Australia for a majority of her good handicap horses. Tasman, Tur quoise, Bundoora, King Quail, Lady Emma, and other animals bred out of New Zealand, have won races innumerable duriug the past two seasons. Welcome Jack is, I believe, the champion, and this eon of Traducer ia regarded as a great colt In fact, my old friend Mr. Joe Bennett, who was in Mel bourne last week, haa expressed hia belief that he ia as good a horse as Darebin, Navigator, or Commotion. Credat Judccut. However, I hope to Bee thiB great gun of the Maories entered for oar next Melbourne Cup and weight-for-age races. We shall then be able to test hia met&L; The Hubbub-HopeleBB problem haa not yet been aolved. Additional evidence has been taken, but at the adjourned meeting of the A.J.C. committee on Monday it waa decided to fnrther poatpone the conaideration of the matter for ten daya. The services of the police have been called into requisition, and the decectivea of New South Wales and Datective O'Callaghan in Victoria have been buey collecting information with a view of discovering if there is a suffi ciently strong cue to charge the partiea with conspiracy to defraud. There eeemB to me to be an easy solution of the whole affair. Let Messrs. M'Kenzie, Iliffe, and Coffey make statutory declarations that what they have stated Is true, and that not one of the three described or called Hnbbub Hopeless, and then this hubbub will be at an end, unless the police have good grounds for charging them with perjury, in the event of which the whole explanation of the affair would lie in a nutshell. The evidence in the witness-box would settle it at once. It 1b said that Mr. T. O'Brien, the bookmaker, i once owned half the horae, and gave hia j share to Coffey. Did he know him as Habbub: or Hopeless? The entries received for the events to be decided at Elstemwiok . park to-day are sufficiently numerous to insure good sport. The popularity of short handicaps is evi-1 denoea by the nomination of 20 horses for the flat race, being five more than the other three races together. The contest for the trot in the 2.45 class should be worth seeing if Captain Dearborn and Von Moltke go to the post, and, aa there are several very smart horaea engaged in the Flying Stakes, this, too, should produce an interesting race. Altogether a pleasant afternoon may be spent at Elstemwiok* Newstead did well by postponing the time for receiving entries, the four handicaps that dosed during" the week having been well patronised. Metropolitan horses are, of oonrse, conspicuous by their absence, bat la these aays, when so much money is given In and around the city of Melbourne, owners and trainers don't care to go fat from home. There has been at Flemington. for some weeks a very nioe blaok mare named On Dit, She was bred in New Zealand, and la by the imported horse Albany from Calumny's sister OoBsip. In her native country ehe won several races on the Bast CoaBt, and it is whispered that she bears a striking n* semblance to a mare called Factory Girl, who 1 mined several winning brackets on the West Coast. Probably some of the New Zealand readers of these oolnmna can elucidate the matter. It would be useful in futqre nomina tions, . fox if she ran under the two names both wonld have to be given whenever the mare might be entered, Vid America, I learn that at the Croydon March meeting the <Grand International Hurdle Bom was won by Chichester, by Cathedral from Sarcasm j * Mohican was second, and Hermit ttOtd Twelve others started. -? ; After returning to l|dbotmAi2UiBt&lcen; was teken chaxge ot by T, Jdtoes, and in i future the coli will carry ms new owner's i odour* It U ttld tint Xt. Weeks will take UJu hoaa to kola. whBwfjrt should be<j<il& ^Aetant fcu&Us; flwSPSK T"s ,p<t of wbj/?b .Inn- to h**?*"T T'ts?® ti.,r tl.t 5\. hi ?ploy cau. ? . 'SI ? " ?? ?? at, . ' 'ian ' ? aib. u; it as.'". L fv.-idin ic t.te eu.. is\ -cc bch a v.;e»abf ;? ft like the-. - - .-r - . >'a a crm1]^! 4. ';::i;><.> fa vn.'!' -o. i at Hit V: h . i 'I't- r:suij«i i? < c-:-\\. . : .ate* °' ' '.&'. 12ib. o-xg' ?. . ? i to r*"; l . '.t Cti atri.k V;- ?? ;.? me 5f - '- i - *t tre-ue'i ;.' chose down to 8jt. If thia eon ot Y&ttendon; ba himself on the day, he will prove a tough customer iudeed. Considering that several above Prometheus have been raised from 51b. 9v2;,9n.the Adelaide Cap weights, I f.hinlc Mr. Whittingham's colt is fairly well treated at 7sk 121b. Chatterer, too, ia better off, comparatively, than in the Adelaide Cap, and so he should be. If old Vagabond were himself, he would be dangerous, for thera was not mach to choose between him and The Assyrian when both were running well in Adelaide. Of the others, the best upon paper appear to be Coriolatras, Little Jack, | TreraUyn.Theleraelite, Rhesus, and Claptrap. Add to these last named Creswick and Prometheus, ana I think the winner is in« eluded. In the City Handicap, the weights for which might with advantage have been postponed until after the S.AJ.C. meeting, I think all down to Baron von Mueller may be Btrnck oat Gadorz looks well enongh in at 8st 71b., and Bas« samo at Safe. 21b., Trevallyn 7st 91b., The Vagabond 7st. 71b. Cetewayo, Koh-i-noor, King of the Hills, CoriolannB, Totalieator, Athena, Brilliant, Saionara, Satanella, The Joker, Claptrap, and Prince Patrick all ap< pear to have a chance, so that this race ia likely to be a very interesting one. . The Middle-park (N.Z) yearling Bale was held by Messrs. R. Wilkin and Co., at Ric. cwton, on the 28th Much. The first of th« King _ of Cluba., New Zealand yearlings were submitted. A chesnut colt by him from Idalia realised 625 guineas. Another from Ea Avant was purchased by Mr. P. Mactia {pr 150 guineas. A beantifally bred colt ia that by King of Clubs from Watereprite, for he baa all of D&iebin;'e lines of blood in hfo pedigree, and Mr. Rosa got him cheap enough at 120 guineas. Mr. Ross also secured a bay filly, by King of Clubs from MisB Hat, foi 183 guineas. A brown filly, by King of Clubs from Rupee, went to Mr. Horaford at 20Q guineas; a chesnut colt, by King of Clubs from Martyr, to Ur, Stead at 140 gdnfiftB; a cheeimt colt, by King of ClabB from Aglaift, to Mr. HorefaU, at 100 guineas; a bay col*, by King of Clubs from Hammock, to Mb Pilbrow, at 140 guineas; a chesnut colt, bi King of Clubs from Charm, to Mr. P. Butler, at 160 guineas: a bay filly, by King of Cluba from Becky Sharp, to Mr. Rogg, at 135 guineas; a chesnut filly, by King of Cluba from Fleurange. toMr.Law8on,at90guineass and a filly, by King of Clubs from Bed Rose, to Mr. J. Wilkin, for 35 guineas-the total foe t*»e l2 iota being 2,080 guineu, or an average of 173£ guineas. , W. Southall has purchased the two-yeai> old colt- Statesman, by Wilberforce Britannia, and he will tako him to India. Mr. L, L. Smith has sold his filly Amelia' Victoria, but she is to remain in T, Jones's' stable. . T. Corrigan's two-year-old oolt Forward, by Tubal Gain from Coquette, after spending a few months with Tom Brown in New South Wales, has returned to Victoria. Weeks arrived from Sydney^on ^uesdsr! They consist of Ddoft. by Yattendon from Aatarte; a five-year-old gelding by Lord d Linnet Flocme.by Bylong; a colt by Th« Friar from Mayday, a oolt i>y Kings borough from Feu d'Artifice, uid a colt by Jolian Avenel from Princess. The Assyrian left for Tasmania inihft Flindeka on Tuesday, and waa accompanied by theyearhng oolt by Goldabrough fnirf Dolly Varden. A turf commiuion agent named Ptonf Pont is anxiously inquired for by a nnmfaai of confiding people who entrusted him witn rami of money with which be was to bads Commotion for the Champion Stakes. I am afraid this Pierrponfc, whose real name la Vaaf Prey, has preyed npon an unsuspecting public, and departed for fresh fields and pea tares new. It is said he baa gone to Nmf. c, and departed for fresh fields and ireanew. it is said he Zealand or San Franofooa That the New Zealand colt Welcome JaoS la abriUiant animal be deciiively proved in the Antamn Handicap at Christohnroh. wbewiq he carried Sat 61b., and ran the mile and * half in 2m. The Champagne Stakes fell to Water Nymph, by Totara from Water sprite. This ia anotber of the Lutiine family, aB Wafceraprite to by Tcaducer from Wriw witch (haif-aister to LntlineV Qandioap was won ' Traducet and Samt fell to Mr. G.Stead'eSU: fromTrfei Deuoe(aUt«4ot At the North Auckland ; friend Lone Hand, by fata and won the Horale Base, < eon's Mill raoea, Fiahwoman, from Fanny Kj y he Hon, W, rili iaait &£ iz. tzaSec.: i.---. ac. -« * * '~ be £&*9e&6* free '-£ »* ,i*iS5. nt era a Ww», ta» tr~ ««( t*ff, *.&t; »^fUr-A-.i>t; T-r" ..i* bt j<Uraikd v,- b-.'-»* ;-.* w r c* t*£crd*y. »1* 3». '.?? .":-* '/. "be 1*-; a? JrJf. Tr^r et-.tt.--* i:c»vi :r ia ».>?£ fc&£ kc*« I'* Iai»' Tf j«J - *ii:i tb< i»sxu:; *he U v. :wr a. br^.'StiK rtlst UC t-vro, XV. Ei.oi *iiiees'r beSem k t*ni t-.-s itir «tz 5t - ;- fiit 7b> ta*iem fc*r« e« u«. f ? tie V,v iom G^e4 Csy, ws* !>' ii zz.zitdt-i mi si* tcr fr -/tf r^, Uv is ct -'r:=r;cy c-' r«*_ a JS&j; Sa-^» of fc-T» , Rzri'jt Lws of ~ Kn SiespfcCUK Cjf U@ KTt OaSEfif^ ifce prjcTv-iixxi. Kt. W2«:_L55i tu e^saeseej It# dux »tQ x E'^Itai * >!.;»& frees tU wJ kssht tTMnvixst (U nsor of ii» :5»wii etiiir.-r Tibji4, »t« u coat sBsmeaemisIli a bx xazza. l**~ utmrr. Asx^eaoH far t» G!Iivx *&£ Xe* ?trlrrT 12^ Bikk, k b» n& t: jt« Ltdki cSs*. Kei^Et, tn he *t 7 6.sl k t«r.^pr" 15, ud Hi* **ob»n Ces. TCaadet Kiit, , cieee x 7fe»i*j, tie SSd be, JmrnrnWmiaaB, »i« »e£es to !^tt «iv. Mr *ofc» *ik«. m tr. *g*a~. Mr Wa5ta l>«BaE'fe, cr« <£ Sk o^ecst i ti« Isdks tnAm, kit bj dt asell icuca oc t w*G-em>»-d ko'ViiT to :ie oU c%3j. P Ppet, tbe »fc.-kwm. 'yy-Jkij, i*« tws is IbwxrH imrit* the Meet s"*k, btaf ow* fr» Sf&ff; to tiuxni Ac fcset< of fc* bj3s»t. .fcr- tie* (iiji mo. Xr J, Wa*ge j«L. Uaxm {-* ozi Ifee&r;, tt<^ uiin with TU Placer, li'dt J«k iz4 Fed Tb»&vk;»«BistK«iiQ{*iQbeUjoD tt®I7tfc Ms? Tie 5s^», fcy Tin; WrifZ-r fc*t >st»i tb« trctur=2 <Jm<ioD, Mr. btratg; nk<ti big. is laal 