ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ' ' i ' ? : ' (By The Ghost.) ;; .,:/;:? \ \ The Parliamentary week, though a ,.[ short one, has been merry. Mr. Gillies has brought in the long-talked-of measure to abolish political profligacy in connec tion with our railways, and Mr. Service has given the British lion a bit of Aus tralia's mind anent his churlish refusal to help us to do what we cannot achieve' ? for ourselves.' Upon this last question V 'there was a singular amount of unanimity ' '. in ' the Assembly, and the resolutions submitted by the Premier would, have. . been carried by acclamation had not Mr. ? '? M'Lellan, armed with a formidable atlas^ ' ', given the House a taste of his geo- l graphical knowledge, and Messrs. Orkney ;- and Grant beon anxious to inform their Legislative brethren that they had at * some remote period of their existence'-1 visited a number' of the South Sea1, ,,, Islands, and therefore, were able from; 7 ' personal experience to bear -witness to the . desirableness ? of ' annexing them. Not ?? only, however, would Mr. ..Grant,' could ' he have his own way, annex'New Guinea and the New Hebrides, but he would, bring ' every island in the Pacific not ,,. occupied by, a civilised nation under. British rule. . If Mr. Orkney is not ,' . drawing on, his imagination, this ? has, J however, been to a great extent already . r accomplished. The veteran sailor told ' the Assembly that during his cruises ;. among the Polynesian group he in- -:1 variably, whenever a landing was effected, cut her Majesty's initials on a tree, hoisted the British ensign, and gave '.. three hearty cheers. This iB the ortho- ??',- dox fashion of annexing all the world ?-.-?; OTer; :It i3 recognised as the way of taking formal possession of new countries, : and being so certainly gives England the rights appertaining to those , who thu» , first assert their claim. Was aofc the i!. great continent of Australia — to say' nothing of New Zealand and Tasmania— '?? .' taken into the Empire in this way ? ' In regard to the Railway Management .V ? Bill.j there ia hardly likely to be such, a ??:: cordial agreement among our legislators;1— as in respect to the annexation business. ',' Tho main object of the measure is to free ,' the State lines from political control, ,;- vest their management in three paid .'-? commissioners instead of a Cabinet ????- ? Minister, and in short to run ihem on ' strictly commercial principles.' But before the bantling Mr. Gillies introduced , , ? to the Assembly is clothed with the force -.';.; of law, drops its swaddling clothes, and leaves its ' short coating' in the form of ??' a second reading, honourable members will want a deal of information. They will especially want to know who the. two- , , ' local 'j: commissioners are to be. Is ': Mr. Langton to be one, or Mr. Woods^ ' or Mr. Patterson, or Mr. Joseph Jones, ? or Mr. Leader, or any of the. gentlemen; .' who by a turn of the wheei oi,, political, r', fortune have at 'some period of' their -?« career been; Ministers of Railways? Aye^'J' there's the rub, and the honourable gentlemen are not likely to part with their dearly-prized privilegeof patronage 'Without a severe Btrnggle. Will the 'department trottera' consent to be snuffed out without raising their voices in wailing protest?, What will become of their sisters, their cousins, and their . aunts, to say nothing of their uncles, ?..brothers, fathers, and sons-in-law, so . many of whom,if Dame Rumour be not an ?? egregious perverter oE the truth, are now doing the ' Government stroke?' ?' . . ' If the session progresses as it has begun, 'it bids fair to be one of work and not' of v talk. The Tramway Bill, that 'for. six months blocked the way of all private business in the Assembly, has passed through the ordeal of its second reading, and will, during next week, be forwarded to the Upper House. Melbourne 'i. will nov longer, therefore, in, say, six months' time be :'? opon ? to the reproach of .being behind Sydney, and . even slow-going Adelaide, in the facility ' for locomotion afforded to the public. '.:-., If the profits of Melbourne 'wreckers'.' .are always- as. great as those of the syndicate ? ? that purchased the stranded . vessel the George Roper, there will soon be as 'many people in the business as .- there were in. the good, old days on the . coast of Cornwall, where a shipaBhore was looked upon as a special dispensation of Providence in favour of the inhabi . tants. The vessel still holds her own on the , Lonadale Reef,, despite the assaults of the wind and the waves. And not only' will all the cargo be got out of the vessel, but there is a very strong proba bility of- the ship herself being saved. A : hull worth some thirty thousand pounds and a cargo valued, at fifty thousand, of ?which amount some twenty thousand is represeated by steel' rails that under any circumstances will ? be recovered un , damaged by- salt water, cannot be cori . .Bidered a bad bargain for three thousand pounds. If the vessel is floated it will 'falsify the prophesies of the pilots, who ? Bay .that no vessel that ever was on the Lonsdala Reef could by any possibility be got off. ?; ? . ? ' ,? The news of the outrage on.,England .committed by the French at, Tamatave created a profound senaation here. Nothing has been experienced like it since;, the memorable; discovery of the Russian designs on Melbourne made by ? ?the'' Age.-'-- The feeling, however, was not a ' scare,' but a sense of indignation. Of course France .will apologise for her ill mannered officers. They will then be .tried. by a court-martial— and. honourably ^.acquitted, and the honour of the peace at- any-price Ministry Great Britain now boasts be satisfied. Nations don't go to . war so easily, now a days. What/is generally spoken of as 'the Brighton imposition case,' has ended in a fiasco. Despite ? the efforts of a police : magistrate, three detective officers, and ?two1 Grown prosecutors, the young girl Catherine Griffen, charged with forging the name of Miss Emily M'Ooy, hag been ? acquitted by a jury. The cannon brought into requisition to kill the mosquito missed fire. Perhaps . the aim taken was ? designedly bad. The principal gunner, ' in the person of Professor M'Ooy, was \- absent. ' He did not, it Is more than hinted, care to submit himself to the cross-examination he would have had to ' endure at the hands of Mr. Purves. The ? hon:appearance of the learned professor in the witness-box was a sad disappoint ment to the guid nwncs, who expected 'some very piquant revelations in respect to academical amourettes. Mr. M'Ooy was in the precincts of the court during the trial. But the prosecuting counsel for the Grown mercifully dispensed with his testimony. Can it be that such grave and . reverend signors are subject to the ?fleshy weaknesses of common mortals, ' and university dons, swayed by mundane ' feelings, juat like other men? ' . : New South Wales publicans must be far more honest than tHe'ir Victorian : brethren, the New South Welshmen bad judges of liquor, or those who look after the interests of the drinking portion of the neighbouring colony somewhat lax In the performance of their duties. For whereas fines to the extent of thirteen hundred pounds have in oue hundred and thirty cases been inflioted on our boni facea for selling adulterated grog, not a solitary prosecution has taken place dur ing the past year in New South Wales. Yet threepenny drinks are more common there than among us. ? 'Why is this thus ? The question is not easy to answer, and in fact must remain one of the many un ' solved problems of the day. The mention of drinks, by a somewhat facile proceBB, leads the mind to the sub ject of barmaids. These interesting young persons promise ere long to occupy a large share of public attention. The Shops ?Commission, under the presidency of the gallant ' Major,' have been taking evi dence, and have discovered that nineteen and even twenty hours are often the period many of these ' young ladies' are Compelled by their employers to pass behind the bar. If this be so, and there is no reason to doubt the evidence given on oath by the City Inspector of Mel . bourne on the subject, is it to be 'wondered at that so many of the clasB 'abandon the avocation of Hebe to adopt that of Lafa? In the interests of the.; ?girls themselves, in those of the inane j young fops to whose nonsensical twaddle; ? .they are compelled, to listen, it is -to be, hoped that the plan in vogue in some of ' the largest houses in ? Melbourne of employing only men i to. supply the bibu lous requirements of the public, will ere very long be universally adopted. Major Smith wilLindeed, become a benefactor to feminine humanity should his labours and those of his colleagues eventuate in causing ' barmaids' to become as rare, as ,' mermaids.' .'.....? - We have. an .operatic company in Mel bourne i again, and '? La - Mascotte,' 'Pinafore,', and sundry other English' and Frenoh specimens of opera-bouffe are to be, produced at that . somewhat dreary place, the Princess Theatre. Rignold has moved to the Opera House, and Darrell takes the Royal. But theatrical matters are ,dull, and the bad weather has not tended to improve things. ? ? . , July 16. '; 