THE DECEMBER MAGAZINES. The Contemporary Review opens with a paper on the burning question of 'England's duty in Egypt,' by John Westlake, Q.C., L.L.D. After considering the question of oar responsibilities to the other European Powers, and the character and religion of the people, the writer expresses the opinion that the experiment of self-government should be tried, and writes : — 'It seems to me essential that Egypt should at lea^tJac raised into the condition secured to BuJgaria by the Treaty of Berlin, as a principality absolutely free from all interference by the Sultan in its in. ternal affairs. Whether a further step should be taken, and the Sultan deprived even of suzerainty, does not appear to me of great im portance in the interests of Egypt; but I should not consider that the total Ios3 of his suzerainty and tribute was at all too severe a punishment for tho violation by the Sulain. of all his duties as a ruler in connection with thelate.insurrection, if. that solution should best suit the general interests of Europe.'* In order to obtain for the experiment of self-government a fair trial, Mr. Westlake suggests that ' England should propose to the Powers to guarantee the existing Egyptian debt,' securing herself 'by a convention with the Khedive, binding him to contract no new loans without her assent, and giving to the British agent the most stringent powers of enquiry into the financial adminis tration whenever he might deem it necessary to exercise them.' C. S. Salmon, with reference to 'British policy in West Africa,' points out that the climate is too deadly for the country to be conquered or colonised by the English ; and after noting the causes of friction amongst the tribes in the past, the writer states that he i« convinced that the position of England on the Gold Coast 'should be that of a mediator, and that she should become an ally of Ashantce and other powerful island peoples.' He is of opinion that 'if t,he twrdy adopts that character, England has the power, prestige, andinnuence for opening the interior to the civilising influences of a wide-extending commerce.* Lieutenant-Colonel IL D. Oabom indicts our Government in India as a system solely directed to the extraction vf revenue and th& |:CDiishment of the European officials, and '-J§ays''»nles3 we are resolved to poraue the ^Jtoeseni system until India has been literally ;%&e;& to death it is absolutely necessary to give ' i-tafbe natives seine control over the -vast cx -'^«»aaarewliich they are expectedto defray.' -Jol Osbon£advoc*tea Mr. J&jght;'s scheme '' olthe division of the conffnnnlmto.progincea, -each 'with a government of'ita own. The ' other p»pers in the npmTbetare 'Imper- sonality and Evolution inMnsyv^y Vernon Jjut; 'The:Primitiv6 Polity of Islam,' by Principal iFairbairu; 'Miss Barney's JUvuHb,' by Mwy' Elizabeth Christie S 'Early Christianity and Class Influence,' Tbythe Rev.' C. G. CHarke; 'Peasant Pro periaes in Anyergne,' .byJLady Verney ; and . the lessons ©f the Egyptian campaign with -regard to 'The Army, The 'Volunteers, aad the Press,' by Phil Robinson, in the coarse ?of which tbe -writer expresses the opinion that '*? the 'special* cf the future must be re -coenised as a regular constituent of a camp ? dtnd in proportion as he is expected to act loyally toward* the force which he accom panies -be should be treated with public con sideration.' The eecondnumberof LyngmarCg Magazine, ,- besides two instalments of fiction, consisting ?of the continuation of Mr. James Payn's tale 'Thicker than Water,' and the first part of a tale by Mrs. Oliphant, entitled, 'The Lady's Walk,' a story with a very unconventional ghost, contains several interesting and well ?written papers. Mr. E. A. Proctor, in a paper tinder the title of 'The Earth in Meteoric Shadow,' addresses himself to ex plain the ' occurrence of certain spells of exceptionally cold weather in February, April, and May,' with reference to which he says 'evidence has been obtained which seems to show that the cooling in question affects cot the northern hemisphere alone, but the whole earth, insomuch that the belief 'seems forced upon us that the cause, what* «ver it may be, is to.be sought outside the ?eatth.' By the light of the later discoveries of science Mr. Proctor points out the fallacy -of Adolph Ernan's theory, advanced forty- - three years since, that the sun's conjunction ?with the August meteors on February 7, and with the November meteors -on May 12, might explain the cold spells which occur in February and May. Mr. Proctors own theory on the subject is ex plaired in the popularstyle which his lectorea . . in the coloay have made 'familiar' to many of our readers.- Mr. J. A. Fronde contributes an interesting account of ten weelss spent in the Kbrway Fjords. The trip was taken in a steam-yacht. Of his host and the objects of the trip Mr. Froude says^-' He was a sports man, but a sportsman only as subsidiary to more rational occupations.- He was going to 'Horway to catch salmonidae ; not, however, to catch themaonly, but to study the varieties ?of that ntost complicated order of fish. He . was going also to geologise and-botanlse, to examine rocks -and rivers, and glaciers and flowers ; while alL of us were meaning -to acquaint ourselves as far as -we could with the human specimens still to be found in the -crater of the old volcano from which those shiploads of murdering 'Danes' poured out ten centuries ago to change the face of Europe.' .All these objects appear to have been accomplished; the sport was good and accompanied by some amusing incidents. There is some excellent descriptive writing in the paper, Mr. Froude giving, without rhapsodising, a vivid impression of the beauties of the scenery, and of the descen dants of the * murdering .Danes.'' He ?writes — 'In the summer the young men are away at the mountain farms, high grazing ground underneath the snow line. The women work with their brothers .and hus 'barfds, and weave and make the clothes. They dress plainly, but with good taste, with modest embroidery ; a handsome bag hangs at the waist of the. housewife There is reading, too, and scholarship. A boy met us on a pathway and spoke to us in Enetish. We asked hist when he had been in England? He had never been beyond his own valley ; in the loEg win'er evenings he had taught himself with an English grammar. So wender that; with such' ready adaptabilities they male the best of emigrants. The over flow of population which once directed itself in such rude fashion on Normandy and Eng land now finds its way to the United States, and no incomers are more welcome there. At Christiar-ia the party sawa veritable^Vikings ship that had been covered with clay, which had preserved the timbers, and the ship had been recovered almost entire. Of this Mr. Froude says, 'The first- thing which struck us all was the beauty of £he model— as little 3«semblusg the old drawings of Norse or Saxon chips as the -figures which do d-aty there as men resemble human beings. Whitet of Cowes, could net build a vessel with finer lines, or offering less resistance ±o the water.' Mr. Samuel Smiles contributes a biographical paper, tbe character of which may be judged by the opening paragraph : — ' At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, one of the most remarkable instruments is to be seen — the first chronometer, the parent of a nume rous progeny of chronometers, used on board every sear going ship to the advan tage of navigation, of commerce, as well as of science. As far bock as the reign of Queen Anne, in the year 1714, the English -5overnnient offered the large prize of £20,000 to the person who should lind the method of discovering the longitude at sea, within cer tain specified limits. The .reward was offered to the world, to inventors and scientific men of all countries, without any restriction of nation, or race, or language- To the surprise of everyone— it was thought remarkable, and it was remarkable— the prize was won by a man who had been brought up as a village carpenter, of do school, or college, or univer sity. But -the truth is that the great me chanic, like the poet, is born not made ; and ?John Harrison, tbs winner of the famous prize, was a born mechanic.' Then Mr. , Smiles goes on to tell, as he has often told before, an inspiring tale of labor, talent, and perseverance, victorious after long and, what to many would have been disheartening, struggles. The number is made up with two poetical pieces, and a suggested solution of that one of Praed:s poetical enigmas which commences with the line 'Sir Hilary charged at Agincourt.' In Macmiltan's opening pages'7 this month tribute is paid to the memory of a dead canary by Matthew Arnold in polished verse, containing pathos a»4 moral, both of which are true and unstrainecL Mrs. Oliphant con tributes three chapters 'of her serial tale ''The Wizard's Son.' The Hew A. T. Davidson, in a paper headed ' What is Simony,' advocates the reform, as against tin abolition, of the sale of benefices. He quotes instances which go to prove 'that the principle cf simony is involved. in many ecclesiastical doings which are never questioned, and arc even, many of them, con sidered beneficial,' and goes onto say i4 to us, therefore, the conclusion, of the matter seems to be that, granting the abuses to be found in connection with the sale of benefices, the matter' may be so worked as to be rendered, in the abstract, uaobj'Sctionable.'' Mr. J. E. Thorold Rogers, JLP., in a paper on 'Ensilage,1' that is 'the packing of green forage in air aad water tight structures,' quotes sonic striking results from the adoption within the last four years of the practice by American agriculturists. Of Mr. Mills, who is said to have been the first to introduce ensilage in the States, Mr. ?Rogers says — 'His experiments were made in 1S7G, as an attempt to save a crop of un ripe corn sown from seed which could not, as he found, ripen in the Northern States. He made several rough, silos in a gravel bank, put his corn in wliole, covered it with straw and planks, and then heaped eartb over it. When the frost broke up in the following spring he opened his pits, found the fodder in good preservation, got it out, and found his Iiorsss liked it.' . - ? . *l The evidence giver, in reply to a circular from tbe Minister of Agri culture by those who had tried the new system was conclusive as to its importance and value, not only in 2»ew England but to the -whole of the agricultural community.' Mr. Rogers concludes by expressing it as his firm conviction ' that cnsilsgc will do more to revive or restore British agriculture, multiply home produce, and give an energetic sod permanent stimulus to the most impor tant f»f, all trades — tbe home trade — than any tHE^Jnhich.lio has seen or heard of.. 'A Bttff Ofticer|&qpostt;?kovu^of &e; ranltarof the 'Hot hafupoi^m*?ifcom the aoeneYof our t2uapaigi^r£jzliu&ted; ifefy|fli*fpnHic,iad to supply ^the- fwan^i^^nhlishin5..tte^en-., sational telegrams pf? partially informed cor- ,; respondents anfi graphic ?iUos1trations of exciting incidents in 'the engagements^ from sketches by special artists; the sketchesbeing i improved by the imagination of those to ? nfeom the sketches are entrusted tobe finished : at home. .Some amusing instances arc j given of the incongruities consequent j upon the attempts to solve the 'supply and j demand'* problem in this direction.- Some ? figures and deductions, which are interesting i and useful in these time of temperance, re form, are given in, ' The Topography'of In temperance' by Thomas Glyde. The Dean ? of Westminster, by the tone adopted in dis cussing 'Some points in 'NaturalBeligion,'' chows a disposition to follow in the liberal j and conciliatory path of his predecessor, and \ the number is completed by a paperon' Two ; Villages in Hessia' of some historical inte- | rest, -by EL Array Tipping. j BlacJncootiRs Magazine opens with an article ] on 'Alison'siAutobiography,' with copious ' quotations, some of which, relating to the i part which Sir Archibald took in the breaking 1 np of the cotton spinners' conspiracy and thej suppression of the western riots, are. of con' ciderable interest. There is a paper on j ?'Goethe's West-eastern Divan,' with transla- j tions of several of the poetical pieces as well as from the prose portion of the ' Divan.' The paper is written by one who has evidently studied and appreciated the great German, both as man and poet. Seeking the cause of Goethe's happy married life as compared with the failure of many poets, and Byron in par ticular, in that connection, the writer quotes the following lines as evidence that Ctoefche knew how to deal with women :— *' Use the woman tenderly, tenderly ; . 'From a crooked rib God made her slenderly ; Straight and strong ho could nut make; her. So if you try to bend you'll break her ; lint let her alone and have her own way, \- She'll grow more crooked everyday. ? \Vbst*s to be done with her, Adam, my boy ': Use her tenderly, that's what I say — To break j onr own tib will tring you small joy.' As tho author of the paper says, the trins lations are interesting ' as scraps from the rich and varied portfolio of Germany's master mind.' 'KbtesofanEgyptLanCampaigner'i3 designated by the writer as intended to be 'a mere unconnected narrative of a few in cidents of the past campaign ;' but there is a :perceptiblc effort to strain the incidents as evidences of mismanagement and disor^jaai-. sation to the discredit of the Government' ** The true state of the Opposition' is a reply to a letter which appeared in the FortnighJly Review, signed 'Two Conservatives,' with indictments against tho Conservative party and their leaders. The writer also endeavors to do away with the impression that disorgani sation prevails in the Conservative Tanks, which was strengthened by a letter which appeared in the Times, as he says, 'over the signature of an able but a young and irre sponsible Conservative member of Partia^ ment' (Lord R. Churchill), in which it was* suggested that 'the Conservative battle should be fought in conjunction with the Pamellite party.' : Af teran elaborate attempt to answer the charges in the former letter, the writer adds, ' We are conscious that we .have noticed the murmurs of two so-called Conservatives at greater length than their merits or substance deserve.' This is to be regretted as much on the part of the readers as that of the writer. 