1 PARLIAMENT!' OF VICTORIA. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, Tth Masts. (FEOM OCK SELBOCK5E COEBSEEFFIFLLEXT.) The Speaker took the chair at half-past four o'clock. Mr BEST rose to eorrect a report of the Argus, to which he wm made to make reference to the " Holy Ghost," in connection with the p.-oposed coalition. What he really did say was that he had sot the least doubt that the coai.'tion would come to a bad end, and he then proceeded to refer, not to " the nt Holy Ghost," but to the "Boly Book." This was confirmed by the report in Hansard, which the bon. member proceeded to quote. Mr G&4J.T rose to announce that His Excellency the Governor would receive the Address of tbe' Assembly at a quarter-pact twelve next day. He also begged to inform the House that the Government had tfcat morning placet their resignations in the hands of his Excellency, and Mr Sen- ice had since been sent for. The Government, therefore, now only held office Jtill their successors were appointed. Tbey had proffered their Eerviees to obtain supplies, and a Supply Bill -would be introduced, which he would ask the House to pass through all its stages that evening. _ * After some business of a formal character, Mr F&A;?(CI5~ rose to ask the Speaker whether he would be in order moving at that stage that Mr Cooper be appointed cuairman of committees. Mr RICHARDSON urged that the motion would be premature, and that the hpn. member should give notice of his motion. Major SMITH txpresstd a similar view. After some further discussion. The SPEAKER ruled that the motion could be put without notice. Mr FRANCIS then moved that Mr Cooper be appointed Chairman of Committees accordingly. Mr M'INTT&E; seconded the motion. Mr Nlimo, while having nothing to say against the capacity for tbe post -of the hon. member for Creswick (Mr Cooper), thought thought that younger members should have that opportunity of making themselves familiar with the forms and usages of the House which was afforded by tbe poet of Chairman of Committees. He would therefore propose Mr Dow for that office. Mr LAM;RIDGE seconded the motion. Mr FrxcHAMtemarked that occupying as he did, a position in "Ko man's laud" at the present juncture, he felt quite free to exercise bis own judgment in the matter. Kow, as in the esse of the Speaker, so in that of the Chairman of Committees, he (Mr Fincham) wished to see the chair occupied by an bon. member who had already shown bis fitness for the post. He would therefore support the appointment of Mr Cooper. Mr PATTESSOK considered that the House was wrong in thus hurrying the matter. There was no immediate necessity for tbe appointment, and it might well wait for three weeks, till tbe hon. member for Cutlenuune (Mr Service) was back in the House. - After some further discussion. The SPEAKER put the motion that Mr Cooper be appointed Chairman of . Committees. Cries of "-divide," and " no division." The House divided, with the following result:—Ayes, 41; noes, 27- Majority for Mr Cooper's appointment, 14. The result was received with.loud cheers from the ayes. The House then went into committee of the whole, when Mr Cooper took the chair, and briefly returned thanks for the honor conferred upon him for tbe third time. A resolution to appropriate the sum of £5S7,500 to the sen ice of the year 1SS2-3 was agreed to, and a Supply Bill to carxjT out the same was then passed through all' stages, and ordered to be *ent to the Legislative Council. A bill to apply temporarily the sum of £170,000 out o'f the Railway Loan Account of 1S7S was also passed through all stages; such amount to be appropriated to the fol- lowing purposes, viz.:—Towards Tan Yean waterworks extension, £70,000; towards the purchase of railway rolling stack, £-50,000; towards the purchase of rails and permanent way material, £50,000— total, £170,000. On tbe motion of Mr Grant, The House, at twenty minntes past five, adjourned to the next day, at four o'clock. 