»ay Lilies. Lau(iiitku so Boon is ovor, Summer so soon is dono, What has a lily of fragranoo Aftor its day in tho sun ? Dewy and fair in tho morning, 1’erfumed nnd palo at noon ; Dowy nnd doud at sunsot— A ghost by the light of tho moon. What havo you to romomber? What havo I to forgot ? Laughter, joats and trifling—lilies With dowdrops wot, Ono for every morning—a lily Counts for a day ; Days and summer and lilies, How quickly passod away. Which of us was in enrnest ? Which of us was in jest ? When tho lilies breathing frngranco Died slowly on my breast, Because they ploasod your fnnoy— Because my mood was now Do you beliovo that lilies May leave tho scent of ruo ? There’s nothing to romomber, There’s nothing to forgot, But laughtor, josts and trifling, And yet—and yet—nnd yot In all tho summer's coming All lilies under tho skies, Will bring back to you low laughter And tho blue of a woman’s eyes. I noithor hurt nor healed you, You’ll bo no moro false nor truo To mo and my summer fancies. Than—I shall bo to you, But to the end tho lilies Will be of your past n part, And you'll think you seo them lying A bloom on a woman's heart. Throughout of all our summer This is what I havo won. I may chance to bo remembered When lilies stand in tho sun, You will forgot tho woman— I shall forget the man— But tho fragranco of the lilies, Forget it if you oan. But I havo my little triumph— A woman’s—light and vain ; And would it havo paid mo, think yon, To havo wrosted it from pain ? Grant you each word I uttor Is n trifle light as air ; Yot out of my littlo triumph Tlioro grows a littlo prayer. Give other women roses, All bloom to them is free; I—I have earned tho lilies; Loavo them to me—to mo. Thoso who jost in the morning, Should jest at set of sun ; When will end this jesting ? When will tho day be done ? But I havo my littlo triumph— A woman's—light and vain; It would have paid but poorly To havo wrested it from pain, And to the end the lilies Will bo of tho past a part; Once—once on August lily Found root—in a woman’s heart. 