ON THE RAMPAGE. It was the dearest wish of Mr. Going's life to possess the very best and most expensive ram that could be purchased for money, for Mr. Going was a sheep breeder in a very large way, and indulged in much cry if -there was • but little wool. He wanteds. RAM in as large lettekwand more expensive than a member of the Royal Academy of Music, or Boyal Arch Mason. At length there was subh a valuable piece of mutton to be sold. Mr. Going went to the sale, and after the precious animal was run up to thousands of guineas, it was knocked down-and Mr. Going was the fortunate purchaser of an animal literally worth its weight in gold. Then -Mr. Going'B troubles commenced. He had no idea of the ramifications of endless annoyance and worry into which the possession of this '-animal would lead him, As it was more valuable than the suburban mansion in which he dwelt Mr. Going was in great perplexityas to where to stable the ram. Outside was of course not to be thoughtof, for the precious thing might catch its death«f cold. He must bekept indoors, but where ? That was the question. Mr. Going would have no objection to giving him a 'shakedown in the best drawing-room, but there were other articles of value there, and if burglars came in the night they would not be likely to overlook so rich an object as a three thousand guinea ram. "I have it," said Mr. Going, "I shall take care that he is not stolen in the night by having him sleep within earshot. " I shall make him a shakedown in my own bedroom, and then if a cough or anything should trouble him in the night I can get him a linseed poultice on his chest." By the adoption of this plan Mr. Going enjoyed comparative comfort for a few dajs, until at laBt a friend to whom he proudly showed his treasure casually remarked : " Supposing that animal happened to be struck by lightning now. That would be a serious calamity, wouldn't it ?" Serious calamity indeed 1 Mr. Going broke out into a cold perspiration at the very thought. It was true the ram might be struck by lightning, and again it might die from even more likely causes. It might fall and break its back when getting ia or out of bed at night, or it might sustain concussion of the brain through over exertion at itB favorite occupation of butting at its own reflection in the mirrored panels of the mahogany side, board or the cast-iron shins of the hired domestic. The contempt, tien of such a contingency was torture. The ram would probably be a match for the sideboard, but the servant-girl came from Mullingar, and was blessed with supports of the telegraphic post order of architecture, that laughed a butting ram or a battering ram to scorn. Mr. Going was fettered in the very ramshackles of woe until a happy idea flitted across his previously rampant brain. " A good thought," he cried, in ecstacy, "and I shall carry it out at once. I'll insure his precious life." But here he reckoned without his office. The companies were quite willing to insure the valuable life, but they could not depart from their usual custom. They must have the ordinary particulars necessary in cases of life insurance filled up. Two intimate friends would have to certify that they had known him for a length of time, and testify as to whether habits were temperate, or whether he was a rollicking ram. He would have to state whether there had been consumption, insanity, or pneumonia in his family, Were any of his brothers or sisters dead—a question that probably the butcher could have answered. In addition to this he would have to pass the doctor. The latter condition could have been complied with if the ram was not in a butting humour, otherwise he would no more pass the doctor than he would pass the servant girl, no matter how fervently the medical man might cry, " Butt me no butts," The testimony of two friends and the particulars of how his various relatives had died, were insuperable obstacles, and Mr. Going was almost distracted to be obliged to see his lamb going about in its fleece comparatively naked, since it was not covered by insurance. The possibility of its being struck by lightning preyed terribly upon its owner's mind. Whenever there was a thunderstorm Mr. Going was in aject dread lest a thunderbolt should strike his mansion and shiver his ram into mutton-chops. He had lightning rods affixed to his house at once, and as the ram had "occasionally to go out for an airing, he had portable lightning-conductors fastened to the ram to protect it from the possible electric stroke. Wherever he went he bore his treasure with him, so much so that the Poet Laureate of the time composed the well-known verse about the sheepish pair: " Tom Going had a precious ram, The dearest in the show, And everywhere Tom Going went The ram was sure to go," It was a two-toothed ram and had more teeth to get as everybody knows, a very trying operation with a ram. The troubles of dentition were a sore trial to its owner. Mr. Going used to sit up all night with his treasure and ministers to its wants. It cut its teeth successfully and became a fresh butter once more. After demolishing everything in the house and refusing any nourishment but mint sauce, for the more it progressed in years, the more it insisted upon being considered a lamb, Mr. Going saw that either he or the ram must give up the ghost. " It muBt be ewe, not I," said Tom Going sadly to the ram, as he called in the local butcher, who speedily caused his knife to drink that liquid gold, the three thousand guinea gore. The ram was stuffed and placed under a glass case, and there was peace in the house of Tom Going. He hankers no more for such precious articles, and he thinks Jackson a fool for having sought a golden fleece. For his part he will never again go upon such a very expensive rampage. 