LOCAL NEWS. Tub present soason*s yield of sugar in tbe Maryborough district will, it is now estimated, be the largest yetreorded here, and it may safely be concluded that the joint yield .of Maryborough and Bundaberg for the 1883-1 season will exceed that of Mackay. This state or icings is au tne more saustactory coming as it does after a succession of bad years, losses and disappointments to planters. It is notthat the area put under cane in 1882 was much greater .than formerly, but to other cn.uBos the improvement must be ascribed. It is truly an ill wind that blows good to nobody, and the planters are finding out that though in some resDects tbe drought which has orerai ed through the winter and spring caused tbem much distress, and their pastoral fellow-colonists much more, it has enhanced tbe value of tho sugar crop. The frosts of 1883 were, probably owing to tbe dryness of the winter, compara tively mild, and less destructive than in pre vious years, while the subsequent warm dry weather, with just an occasional sprinkling of rain to tickle tbe ratoons, conduced to a high density and baB so far enabled planters to take off their crop at leisure and realise it to advantage. Yengarie Refinery, the prin cipal avenue to market, has enjoyed an un broken term of activity, and will, if the weather does not make a very violent departure from its present course, continue manufacturing night and day, until the end of January. The Refinery has, thanks to the enterprise shown by Messrs, R. Cran and Co., in adding to their extensive machinery, running two branch lioes of railway from the main line right into the refinery, and making other economic advances, been in a better position to koep pace with the demands on its resources, and has, moreover, attained in its product a higher quality of sugar than was ever before manufactured in Queens land. Several of tbo planters in this district who commenced tbe season by manufacturing their own sugar, have, in view probably of the risk of break-downs in their machinery, or the difficulty of making prompt or profitable sales in the present glutted state of the sugar market, reverted to the practice of sending their juice to Yengarie, Taking the local sugar industry all in all, it now wears a more en couraging aspect than at any other time in late years, and though next season's crop may be a little backward, there is no reason to expect that the acreage of cane will show any diminu tion. The abscnce of any news concerning the missing bo t'a crew from the shipwrecked ves sel ' Ramsey' is less surprising tban the fact i ihat oo steps appear t i have been taken by the ' Government to sparch for the ci&t;&ways.; , Human life must be at a fearful discount when I a boatload of a dozen men without navigating instruments or a sufficiency of sus'enance, can ; b? permitted to languish on or oft our cons' within measurable distance of the metropolis of the colony, without some specific effort being made by, the authorised conservore of life and property, to discover the whereabouts of the un fortunate men. If the missing boat contained a few hundred pounds' worth of specie, we have no doubt one of the many ornamental steam boats employed by the Government on tbe Brisbane river would have 1 been despatched on a search expe dition ten days ago. Circumstances point unmistakably to the probability that Captain Langton and his boat's crew ' ave ere this, as did the contingent from tbe ill fated Ramsey, made the Queensland coast somewhere between the Tweod River and Keppel Bay, and bearing in mind the probable physical condition of the men on landing, and the inhospitable water less nature of tho coast, some effort should, in j common humanity, be made to ascertain their whereabouts and alleviate their sufferings. We dare venture tbe opinion that a search*along ! tho outer beach of Frazer's Island would, at this lapse of time, reveal some trace of the men I whose fate has been so crimin&Uy; disregarded. ' The Minister for Lands, the Hon. C. B. I Dutton, during his brief stay in Maryborough 1 on his way for re- election to the Leiehhardt ; district, led a by no means idle time of it. Several of our leading men got hold of the newly-iledged Minister, and while showing him round the town laid bare before him several of our grievances. Though a Minister for Lands, his moral support towards any publio works in the town which the Government may contem plate is of great consequence, and to have early impressed Mr. Dittos with our most pressing needs was at least a political stroke. The great crush, which grows greater with time, at the one building which does duty for both our postal and telegraphic necessities, was brought under his notice, and we are pleased to learn that Mr. Dutton considered the idea of again adding to the already greatly patched building as absurd, and promised that he would use wh'it influence he could towards having separate telegraph offices- built, which would, of course, allow the postal authorities somewhat more elbow room, as be it known the present structure it roomier in appearance than in reality. The plans for enlarging the Post Office are, we regret to say, now ready in the Publio Works ' Office, so that some difficulty may be found in getting the authorities to change their min Is. We may add that a separate building would in the long run prove the cheapest, for just as at the present time we require more room for tho telegraph department, and shall bye and bye want more room for postal arrangements. At tbe Town Hall last night a somewhat scant audience mustered to witness the vatied i performances of Professor Payne. Tbo Professor proved himself to be beyond doubt a , thorough adept at tricks of legerdemain. His : feats had moreover tbe charm of novelty. The first part was taken up with giving several surprises to tho audience, and closed with ratiier a sensational scene, tbe Professor catching 1 in hie teeth a bullot which his assistant fired at the other end of the hall. In the second part, the cabinet seances wore truly marrellous, Mr. Payne proving that he had a soul above materialism. Tbe entertainment closed with two skeleton dances, one in tho gaslight, when 1 a regular bone shaker kent time to the mmir. and lastly, when the hall and stage were left in total darkness, to the huge delight of the shrieking element, some of whom were sufficiently Dear tho stage to warrant us thinking that they might have known better. A weird like dance was performed to suitable mueio by a phosphoric ghost, the legs, trunk, and bead of wbioh parted company at will, and jigged of their own accord. The Professor appears again to-night, and we trust that those who wish for good return for their money will pay him a visit* A arAGyiFiCBNT waterspout, or rather a series, gratified the eyes of visitors to Pialba on Saturday last. A heavy blaok cloud to the north-east overhanging Herveys Bay was ob served to suddenly drop a huge black tongue which was met in mid-air by a spiral column of water which rose promptly from the sea in response to the advances from above. Tbe immense black pillar of water thus formed then travelled in a westerly direction, preserving its upward current for fully a quarter of ao-hour, during which time tbe cloud assumed fantastic shapes and tbe surface of the sea surrounding tbe face of the column 'was studded with a myriad of water- jets, or splashes such as would be caused by heavy bodies falliug from a great height. The grandeur of the spectacle was thoroughly appreciated by the people of Pialba, notwithstanding their almost dangerous prox imity to the phenomenon. A rt'EAStiTG ceremony took place ot the State School, St. Helen's, on Friday afternoon last, on the occasioo of Mr. Skinner, the head teacher, resigning charge of the same. The pupils presented Mr. Skinner with six beauti fully bound volumes, and also the following address: — 'Dear Sir, — The pupils hear with exceeding regret that you are about to resign the position of head master. We are given to understand that you. are leaving the service of the department of Publio Instruction, and heartily truBt every. success may attsnd you in your new career. We take this opportunity of thanking you sincerely for the uniform care and anxiety you have manifesto ) on all occa sions for our welfare during the period you nave ueeu m uimrgu ui iu*b iww»uwvu. beg that you will kindly tender our warmest thanks to Mrs. Skinner and to Master Willie Skinner, the pupil teacher, for their considera tion towards us. Please accept the accompany ing testimonial aB a alight memorial of our gratitude to yout We remain, your obedient pupils (signed on behalf of tbe whole school), Thomas Lenthall, William Nash, Arthur Morgan, Carl Bogda, M. Lenthall.' Mr. Skinner, in thanking the pupils for their hand some gift and testimonial, gave tbem some excellent advice on the subject of education, pointing out the necessity of regular attendance at sohool, with the view of paT taking of tbe benefits attending the education system at pre sent in vogue in the colony, and in pressing on his hearers tbe boocfits of maintaining a good moral character. Mr. Skinner was listened to most attentively, and at tbe termination of his homily, cheer after cheer rung out from the pupils for Mr. and Mrs. Skinner. The address, which was read by Master William James Nceh, is printed on gelatine, ana is got up in a most artistic manner, reflecting credit on the estab lishment of Robinson and Co. Mr. Skinner is relinquishing the service of the Education Department to ester the employ of Messrs. . Wilson, Hart and Co. of thiB town. Mrs. Skinner is to take charge of the school until tbe , arrival of the new teaoher. The Tpswtch Advocate says concerning flying foxes ' ' We suggest to Captain Ackerley to take his riflemen up to the Rosewood for a battue. We should then be getting some return for the expense incurred in maintaining the the Volunteer force Tbe ' vermin' are great enemies in the depredations tbey commit in our fruit gardens/' We commend this suggestion to Captain Tooth's consideration also, merely adding that we don't endorse our contempoaryts classification of Volunteers as ' vermin.' The first of the ministerial elections will take I place to-day, when the poll for North Brisbane will be taken. The candidates are — tbe Hon. S. W Griflitb, of Brisbane, barrister at-law, nominated by* Messrs. J*. Sincluir, James Isles, William M. N. Galloway, William Pettigrewt Joseph Samuel, Alexander Stewart, and eight others ; and Mr. Nicholas Walpole Raven, merchant, Mary- street, nominated by Messrs. George Reese, Thomas O'Sullivan, Benjamin Waylett, Albert Koenig, Charles W. Midson, Patrick Carey, and three others. Tbndb' S were opened yesterday for the erectisn of a really fine three-storied brick hotel, at the corner of Kent and Adelaide-streets, where the Queen's Hotel now stands. Tbe j design, which was made some years ago, is a ' very handsome one, and tbe edifice will cover a great deal of ground. Trere were six tenders I received, viz., Price and Murray, £3159, seven : months : J. Kvle. £3216. seven months : French and Chrystall, £8694, eleven months ; Hansen and Stephonsen, £3283, nine months ; C. Miller, £3291, nine months ; H. Cballands,. £3330, nine months. Tbe tender of Price and Murray is accepted, and work will be shortly commenced. Medical aid was summoned yesterday for Mr. John Baton, who, we regret to hear, is lying at his residence, Teebar Station, suffering from severe and sudden illness. Mr. Eaton, who is one of the pioneers of this district, is generally known and esteemed, and his speedy recovery iB hoped for on all sides. Tub new boundaries of the Tinana division aod the recently created Granville division, are defined in the Government Gazette of Saturday l«nf Tl,fl AlArtf,*An tl,A Granville Board will shortly be held. Tub usual weekly meeting of the HoBpital Committee will be held at the institution this afternoon at half-past four o'clock. Those ratepayers of the Antigua Divisional Board whose rates are overdue will so doubt be thankful for the reminder that after to-day, should tbey continue in the error of their ways, tbey will be summoned. The Mutual Improvement Association will meet to-night, in tbe Temperance Hall, and debate tbe question of ' Compulsory Educa tion.' The growing popularity of the Society's meetings amongst the young men of this town indicates that the excellent objects aimed at are highly and properly appreciated. Mb. Wi C. Rogers, iuspector of distilleries for this district, is, we learn, appointed to take charge of the Maokay district for a term, during tbe absence on leave of the permanent inspector. Mr. Rogers leaves for Mackay in a few days. RbpobTb are to hand from various parts of the Wide Bay district of welcome showers having fallen, but Maryborough Itself bas not been favored with anything more than a very labored spunkling. A moderate shower fell on the Pialba«road on Saturday, and a similar visitation was experienced on tbe Gympie-road last night. | Tits incoming English mail ex R.M.S. Dorunda, transhipped to the Leiehhardt in I Keppel Bay, will reach the Maryborough Post ' Office at about 8 o'clock this morning, the Leiehhardt having anchored inside Mary river I heads at a late hour last night. .The Police Court examination of the circum stances attending the shooting of two kanaka recruits on board the schooner Alfred Vittery will be resumed, and probably concluded, to day. Overtures have been made to the Bri&bane; Cricket Association for a visit to this colony of the fourth Australian eleven, now being organised to x-roceed to Encland next March. No tenders were received at the Works Office, Brisbane, for the erection of Post and Telegraph Office at Howard. The tender of Messrs. A. Overend and Co., to construct tbe second section of the Logan Railway for £44,923 10s 10d., has been ac cepted. -As previously state*), this section con sists of two branches — one S£ miles in length, from tbe north bank of the Logan to Beenleigh ; and the other, 3i miles, from tbe same point to Logan Village. It also includes a bridge over tbe Logan River, to be built on iron cylinders. — Courier . A rtJNT load of juice,' tbe property of Mr. Qladwell, sunk in tbe Burnett river on Thurs day last. The Observer says : — That the several steam companies intend to Ship in cacb boat a detec tive in tbe guise of an able-bodied seaman, because of the frequent complaints of pillage on board. 