ii Lis been Hi ll pied', .niuo which t I'S effect oil -ii lia* t'> be '.als in a wek, limpie What manufacture i.f li.j 1-. tarted in" ChicaT, at anont he operator lus a 'kile <(. xactly coun'erfei's a di.,.!. . ? skin. A sin: ll pi M >- DI ll ken out, but die ...?":nd nd there is a complete next ? A 6DPPOSED ghost on the cliffs near Shep herd Hill lins attracted hundreds ol persons ightly for 6omi! nights pa-d. A body of flame in tho form of ,1 human i-hape, .ippears the face of the cliffs, del:n:b.>s itself, and moves about in a -trance f.nliion. A largo number of pesons have arranged tu go ti the spot including mai y leading citizens, »ith their wives and luuiilies, to view the ihenomenon. Tho only way of accounting for it is that it is the result ol phosphoric or other gases escaping fruin ¡1 coal seam crop ing out. However, this may ne, the appear ance is 6lrauge in the extreme, and has been witnessed by fully a thousand persons. All sorts of ridiculous rumours are consequently float.- Tamworth Obier en: WAR is an expensive amusement. lt eems that on the 11th of duly every round sd from the four 80 ton guns of tho Inflex ible cost the notion £2ó los. per gnu. Tue 25-ton guns, of which tho Alexandra carries two, the Monarch four, and thc Téméraire four, cost £7 per round per gun. The 10 ton guns, of which the Alexandra carries ten, and the Snltou eight, the Superb sixteen and the Téméraire four cost £5 5s per round per gun. Tho 12-ton guns, of which the nviucible carries ten, the Monarch two, and he Sultan four, cost £3 12s per round per un. The Penelope, which alone carries 9 n guns, has eight of thurn, which were iscliarged at a cost of £2 14s per round per gun. AN extraordinary affair is reported to have occurred at Greenville, North Carolina. It appears that a number of bales of cotton had been received there from Bell's Ferry, aud in one of them, when being cut open for ex amination was the body of a negro, pressed mmost out of shape. Inquiries were at once made, and tho body wab ultimately recog nised as that of a coloured man named James Bradley of Bell's Ferry. Bradley it was stated, was abant to get married to young vvomnu from Pitt's County when two women turned np and claimed him as their husband, und each had a child in tieir arms, of which they said Bradley was tho father. Bradley thereupon ran into a Cotton gin-house while the labourers were at dinner, and nothing umru was seen of him until his body was seen us stated, lt was thought at first lin;;, he li i i nero tin 'Wa into the press by one 'f tin; labourers, but au in vestigation showed thal ibis supposition was not tenable, and all the farts pointed lo tho conclusion that, in a Iii of Jtspair, the un fortunate fellow threw hims, if into one of the partially filled presses luring tho ubseuco of the workmen, and had been pressed to death. A GRONO Grong correspondent writes as ollows to the Albury /Jaii/wr :-An extra rdinary creature was captured hero a few days ago, which some people declárelo be tho original of the many 'bunyip' stories which every now un J ih.-n crop up iii differ ent parts of thc colony. 1 offer no opinion as to the iudeutitv of rh. nm..slrr, bul mendy "escribe it. It is about. I'..ur l-ri m length, d has four le.es, v, ?.''i.i.in-:, and a Minot omewhat res-uublin.e- ta i; ..t ,1 pig. lt vered with a coin, ..Í 1'. atii. is. those in tho e- ni m.Mil. but i li. v y row along uat.il they termi ;. m a kind ..I 11\. Tl wu i) ie il being six rn- seven nc! etting aborter ami li. er . e back towards tho hen.I, ate on the shoulders a-1 down dark blue in cob art nf the body is covered ar to those of a fi-h, imo comes back over the ii.ir'rr |. is divided into nm 1 ai' -, e about 8 inches long nu.I Tho stranger has greenish o\es, and appears to be amphibious, as ii bad just come out ol a largo dani near the r.iiway line. Tho monster was disabled by a charge ol shot, and the person who -hot it. advanced to despatch the thing, when it sei 'ed the stock of the gun and squealed like a pig. The skin bas been carefully pi es.u ved." hinder \- billil lie ¡ail, which rt ? ul' I he h.-dy, . b pun bring inches broad. |;he editor's room of one of the Dublin apers, there is a momento that is i in its way. lt is a telegram in a .ame, and was sent to tho editor by a ¡ of a reporter a few days weeks ago in [lowing words :-Please keep column 'or dastardly outrage to be committed at ock to-night, cn rejoicing took pince on Saturday rst the mining population of Aber aud district in connection with tho .tiug of the Prince of Wales Colliery me, which, on tho 11th of September, was the sccno of the terrific explosion ich 268 miners lost their lives. In the irkings lie entombed the bodies of about en, the pit being Hooded to extinguish o which raged, but it is not intended ch the part of thc box where these y remains aro. tLY the other morning a metal coffin mud floating in thc .Mississippi Uiver Ita poiut. It contained thc body of a lady, handeomly dressed in a white l!; dress, with a rich lace collar around celt. The dress and collar were as and perlect as when lirsl hurried. Uer 'as much disc jl uiiv i. The collin was etyio, in use so ne twenty years ago. y cnainclied in wini-, lt i.-. thought idy must have ben belied lifteeu ur y years ago, .mu hive u into the lt Lal'O ! 'r '? :-I. . e- ,.r ni O' (lundi ich'* ng, uhuie c. ui.-'ei i. , me catii.ir inti ver. The b ? y :.i .. I. n . ie«. .1 by a :r of pi* rs ii- a. 1.1 i ie I al l'oint .ASE of inipoMt. I i i' I'te I by the »silo Chroi'klr. ' l i.'- «n'es . -" A ; man nani ' 1 i i . \ li .r.-mirl was, .:i Ith .laiiuai ? , i em-- .. . .. le, i he I,a n! . ! h .trates nu a i h-.ree , f .leainin ' n'i.et casual -en i .i '.ie. ! eal n ,,i -lili-.n -p I'«!«« pr.i'll.- ¡ii i-oii -r M i-e.\ from « ur I .M t ,o -.rnuu I i h .i Ile eaf an.I den > ¡í-it .. i a >i r : lu: .' . visiting Hie wai l, u" .-ruo.iay woiui;iar I (lio Jumb mau spoke as follow; :-' I wish to J confess. 1 have been pretending to bo deaf a:.d dumb for 14 yearn. I went u .??vage ' to Australia and back as assistant st* ker 'i ? j ship, aul never spoke to anyone.' 11 h a asked his reason for i" ' ? ???' 'i u he. ,J Iii« friends was vc > iespne:,i'.i.« aud that ue was a distain ri dive cf V«riwu II ir court. The eas. tu* oslo tho humerons theory that monkey3 i''train from talking lest they should be made t i work AT U dinner party in Lon lon there were two sisters present, om) a « ¡dov who had just emerged from her weeds, the other not lung married, whose hus', ni ! ha I lately fr? -III» IOU to India for ;t sholl to. A youn.r barrister present was deputed i < take tao young widow in to dinner. Unforlu lately ho was under the impression that his partner was tho marri.' I la ly uli >se husband had just arrive 1 in India. The conversation between them was commenced by the Indy remarking how extremely hot it was. '?' Yes, it is very hot," replied tho barrister. Then a happy though*, suggested itself to him, and ho added with a cheerful smile-" Hut not so hot as the place to where your husband has cone." Words aro '?owei!i>s to convey any idea ni the sequel, but the look with which the lady answered this lively Bally will haunt this un happy youth til! his death. THU Lancet, in an article on the unusual severity of the March winds this season, states that they have been inado tho means of directly causing 10,000 deaths in Euglaud and Wales. IT is stated by American Fenians that there aro now no less than 200 factories in Buglund specially intended for the manufac ture of explosive substances. EIGHT pereous have been arrested at Clare, by tho police, on charges of murder and con spiracy. A DIABOLICAL attempt has been made to blow up the Government Departments al Ottawa, Canada, by means of dynamite, but tim ntl nm nf. fuilnrl V..N, -v.*..^,,,, .......... GAL.LA.HEU, a member of the Patriotic Brothers, has been charged with attempting to destroy a bridge and gasometer at Glas gow, eouio time ago, by the ¡lid of dynamite. IT would appear that the prisoners charged with the Phoenix Park assassinations are to be arraigned ono at a time. The trial of Joseph Brady commeuced on Monday. This :s the man who played so lerriblo a part in the murder ol Lord Frederick Cavendish ¡md Mr. Burke. The informer Carey, in giving his evidence, referred to the part which Brady look, and to a conversation he had with him at Caff rey's house the same night. The following is thc evidence as reported in the papers received by the last mail with i''f;'ronee to «hal tool; [dace at tho interview. Counsel was examining Carey :-Did Brady say anything to you that evening when you met him as to the way poor Lord Frederick Cavendish was killed Î-I mot him at I1) o'clock, when I was coming into towu. What did ho say about Lord Cavendish ?-I asked him was it true. ' Is it true,' said I, 1 that Lord Cavendish was the strange gentleman who was with Mr. Burke ? What happened ?' So he described then what happened. What did Brady say happened 7-1 asked him why did they lot Mr. Burke past first, lie said there was a car passed, and that was the cause, and when he turned round right about face he overtook him and, said he, ' I laid my hand on Mr. Burke's lott shoulder and slabbed him ; while doing so the oilier gentleman stiuck nu willi un umbrella in the face, and called me a ruffian ; with that I ¡.ol annoyed and excited, and I followed bim ; he put up his arm and I struck bim in the arm ; he went out on the road and I Bellied him lhere; I looked around and saw Tim Kelly at Mr. Burke.' Mr. Murphy : Mr. Burke was on die ground a. the lime .' - Yes, ho Brady said. Did he say what Tun lieily did - Brady said to me, ' ile was at hun, j and coming away from him, and then i wem. | back myself and cut Mr. Burke's throat." 1 then said tu him, ' Did you wi;.o the kn.ves in the grass, as Curley was telling me ?' ' i did,' said he, ' and threw them up on tie' 1 cir.' THU Vienna correspondent ol' (ho Daily I ?Nae* writes:-" Tho Uuiversiiy ot' -lon', 1 muí indeed the wb.de city, have passed j through ii week of iutcnao ulaiui and anxiety, i which are fur from being at an end even now. On one day 21 serious duolh took place aiiiong the students, and, the arms used not having been properly cleaned, all those who wero wounded had their hlood poisoned, about 40 young mon arc lying in the hospital tu a serious condition. One great favourite the only son ol' wealthy parents, had his mind upset by an intenso attack of lover and committed suicide by taking strychuiue. ile died after a terrible agony that lasted many hours. Two more have died already, and there is little hope of sav ing more thau one-half of those who are still in a pitiable condition. This dreadful calamity will no doubt servo to make univer sity duelling very unpopular in (iermany, if not with tue young men themselves, certainly with their relations." The correspondent adds that it is diflicult for au Englishman to believe on what pretence a duel will some tunes take place, and relates at some length an incident which once occurred in Heidelberg. An Englishman, noticing at table-d'hñte how awkwardly a young Worman student was using his knife, said, " Von will cut your mouth open if you don't leave oil' oatiii4 gravy wi', li your knife." The student looked up, and answered, " What is that to you .' 1 can cul my month open to my ear*, lor al! you have a n'élit to ¡niel tere.'' "Oh, non sense," said tho Englishmen, coolly ; " you can't expect a decent person to let you lonelier yourself at .Himer!'' ''i>h. but I i.an't I1IOIIO|I, and you shall see ! Dummer .lillico I" with thal ibo student ro-o and loll the room. Dummer .1 111140 1 ( stupid follow !) Mundic* a* much lus a eli ihruir". flu Kiiu'lMimmi was terni'ly surprised it tlu serious emi»"ipii"uvs "d' '.vant he (Veined a .ieisl II.il ira! renarli, nll'.-ivd to ap,il "lise, and did all in hi* p ver I , Luvt» the m ii'"! air. 11:40 I. Int' without, ''li' ? '. H.!? 11,!- '? (irmí 01 tho a'i t' no Iud ibo >.-e >n I -hot. lui! eh.11 iee was averse to him. Ile hil t'u nih! to sh nil li' -1 -.?.no a 111 was ,!?';! d iy. an ' ibo \ 1111,4 I'.' 111 :. 11 onl vv.tli .ut a 4ro.u1. .V >:' ' (¡.i, L¡.' Eii-jiisliiutui travelled U> tb"! t iwi where his victim's widowed mother lived, and at the end ol a two hours', conversation ho eouvinced her cf bia Bincere regret and his wish to sorvo her. admitted that her sou hail not died through Ids fault, but through the islakoii current among the youth of Germany. TUKIIE is a proverb about not spoiling a ship for a pound of tar (remarks ft; London correspondent), and it seems there ¿re some folks who apply it even to crime. When they hara once begun with it they aye not to he deterred, but meet little details" as they arise with ever new expedients. A young haly of Manchester, aged 14, was charged with attempting lo commit suicide, and another lady of moro mature years, a Mrs. Allon, with aidiug and abetting her. Allon lirst incited Robinson to rob her father, and tonic the proceeds. When the theft was dis covered sho recommended the voung person to destroy herself as he'ii;. 'lie best way out ot the scrape. The tn. 'o- N of more limited range, but never since tho Jays of .^trafford lias there ever been a more complete scheme of .' Thorough." " We all stop somewhere," says Charles Lamb, referring to the practice of honesty ; but as regards proceeding in the opposite course, it would he interesting to leam where Mrs. Allen, of Manchester, would (eal called upon to stop. TUB German Empress, several years ago instituted as a reward for long and faithful domestic service a special distinction, known as the " golden eros«," to be given only to women who have served in ono family for 40 years or more. During the past six years this coveted honour has been given to more than 893 women. A YOUNO girl named Wright, at Coburg, Victoria, met with a singular accident. She was walking along the footpath when her foot slipped into one of tho gutters, the top of which was covered with an iron frame. Into this her leg was caught above the knee, and although several persons came to her assistance they failed after several attempts to extricate her. At last the whole frame had to he taken np, and the girl with her leg still enclosed in it was removed to a neigh bouring house, where with great difficulty she was releasod from ber painful position. THE Avoca Mail has the following :-A gentleman tells a delightful story at his own expense about a small doukoy which he sent np to his country seat for the use of his chil dren. One of his little daughters, goiug out with her nurse to admire the animal in its paddock, was sorely distressed when the donkey lifted up his voice and brayod dole fully. " Poor thing I" exclaimed the sympathetic child ; but, suddenly brightening up, she turned to her nurse and said :-" O, I'm so glad. Papa will be herc on Sunday, and then it won't feel so lonesome !" A HANDSOME wedding present,-The Ilomes IYCWS says:-"Atter the marriage of Mr'.~ Charles Bowes to Miss Francis Soltau at Plymouth, the bridegroom lound under hts plate at the weddiug breakfast a cheque for £25,000 from his uncle, the Rev. T A. Bewes whose heir Mr. Charles Bewes is understood to be." A SIKOULAR way of utilising ants is re ported by Dr. C. J. Macgowan, from Han Chow, Hainan, China. It appears that in many parts ol' the province of Canton the orango trees are infected by worms, and to iii themselves of these pests the uatives import ants into tho oraugeries from tho neighbouring hills. The ants are trapped by holding the month of a lard bladder to their nests. They are then placed among the branches of the orange- trees, where they form col Hiies, and bamboos aro laid from troe to tree to faciliate their movements through the orangery. Vanity Fait' is responsible for the following anecdote of tho late Anthony Trol lope :- Ho was in the small coffee-room of a wayside inn warming his back by the lire, alter the manner ol Englishmen. Two y-milis ol' the true uovel-ri a ling ago wore seated al an adjacent tao:u óiseussiug mut ton-chops, but still m. ii -j eagerly discussing nie merits of Trollope's novels of tho Baiseishiro ' eriod, Their summing-up was decidedly favourable and eulogistic, save on one poiui. They both agree! in declaring themselves heartily sick and tired of '' that eternal Mrs. Proudie." At this juncture, i it'u a gesture of his arm, Anthony Trollope interrupted by saying, " Gentlemen, I happen to be the author of those novels, and 1 have overheard all that you have said ; and now I'll tell you what i'll do-I'll go homo and k . Mrs. Proudie J" And he was as good as his vord, for in the very next number of tho last Chronicles of Barset she died suddenly of a fit of apoplexy. A HOOD story is told (says the N. Z. Herald), concerning the native resident on Molli island, olf Tauranga. A few weeks since the " committee " of the island, in solemn conclave assembled, decided that no npirituous li.pior6 were in future to be brought on LO tho island for sale, as has hitherto been allowed, one of the resident nut.ves having made " a pile " by bu vin tr rum. eic, by tbe gallon and retailing it to his neighbours at a tremendous percentage. The individual, however, determined to try his luck at evading tho edict of the committee, and acardiiuly, st few days since, purchased a good supply of liquor in Tauranga and started fir Molli, intcndiug to smuggle it ashore, liy s me means or other the com mittee L;UI win ! of the mutter, watched the return of this int. ; risimj individual, con ; incited the liquor, and had a glorious spree I ol s.i. era! days' duration. Luc difference, of character between the l'rii'ce ol \V ale s's twu mint (says the London HoeM) was a very remarkably evidenced at ?i ii i in ter given in their honour in Queensland i iv < lie (jioveriior, Cs i r Arthur Kennedy. Prince Albeit Victor was silent and ihonghl Iti , 1'riiice George was all vivacity. The waii"i'< were nil Chinamen, au 1 whenever the <¡ ivenior was not looking 1'riiice George 4.11e hurd tn^r-, at their pigtails. The China nien, with I rue Oriental politeness, main laiii 'd an im|ierlni bable gravity. i mc ten templed teeto!allers : l'Ile 1 í.i iowiiij" 'was suggested 11 me by a very , ef-ver par.i ;raph hy Lieut. W. <¡. l)nnsl'ord. whieh appeared in the A'i'iiiiiijinit A"c"'.t of Siiurdiy la-!:-" len ilmron£h tipplers ton. tuc trouble to Icepl. ten teetotallers to take tokay. Tbe tea teetotallers thereupon look the ten tipplers to town to the Tem perance" Tavern, to talk the topic together. There the ten teetotalers told the ten tipple ¿ that they took tea, totally ; the ten tipp! rs told tho ton teetotallers that they took toi. ry, tastily; thereupon the ten teetotal lars (though tempted) told the ten tipplers that to take tokay terribly tried their thoughts ; the ten tipplers then tostified to the ten teetotallers that taking tokay tempered their thirstiness; then the thirsty teetotallers thinking that the ten tipplers testified truly, tremblingly tried to take tokay, The ten tipplers thoroughly tell the tale that the twenty taking tokay together, toddled thence to their tents tight I" WHO marries for love takes a wife ; who marries for fortune takes a mistress ; who marries for position takes a lady. You are loved by your wife, regarded by your mis tress, aud tolerated by your lady. You have a wife for yourself, a mistress for your house and friends, a lady for the world and society Your wife will agree with you, your mistress will rule y u, your lady will manage you. Your wife will take aare of your household, your mistress of your home, your lady of appearances. If yon are sick your wife will nurse you, your mistress will visit you, your lady will enquire after your health. You take a walk with your wife, a ride with your mistress, and go to a party with your lady. Your wife will share your grief, your mistress your money, your lady your debts. If you arc dead your wife will weep, your mistress will lament, and your lady wear mourning. WE learn by cable that Mr. Redmond has received £5,000 as the resclt of his mission in Australia ; but he has informed the treasurer of the Irish National League that the news of the doings of the Land League and tho dynamite outrages, which has reached Australia by cable from day to day, has had a prejudical effect upon his mission to these colonies. AT Armidale, on Wednesday, Milbra Nott was arraigned before Sir George Innes, for tho murder of Robert Bruce Mitchell, by stabbing him at Stannifer in October last. The jury retired about 4 o'clock and at 8 o'clock brought in a verdict of " wilful murder," with a strong recommendation to mercy, in which the Judge fully concurred. A most painful scene took place when the verdict was given. The prisoner, who had wept during the whole trial fell off the chair and went into hysterics and had to be carried out of court. In about ten minutes she was again brought into court and held up by policemen whilst the sentence was passed. Tho Judge said he would do all in his power to carry the jury's recommendation into effect. Milbra Nott is an orphan, of about 18 years of age She is very good looking, and was engaged to Mitchell. It was in consequence of his refusal to carry out his promise after making all arrangements that she stabbed him. The general impression was that the verdict would bo one of manslaughter. 