I "OUYING WITHOUT MONEY. I By O. H. SPURGEON. j " He that hath no money ; come ye, buy, and eat." — Isaiah Iv. 1. We have before us the figure of a merchant selling | his wares, and crying like a chapman in the market. " Ho !" Tc attract attention he calls alond, " Come I i Com.- 1 C-o.ne !" chree several times ; and he adds to I this the cry of "Boy 1 Buyl" bhall the Great King thus liaen himself to a trader in i.he market earnest to .'ispose mi his goodn ? It js even so, aud I tlier- , tore call upon yon to admire the mercy of the Lord, his Divine Merchant j. an has been spreading oat his wares. What treasnres they are! Look to the fifty-third chapter — what see you there? Behold that '.pearl of great price, The Lord Jesus Christ. Behold hiui wounded for our transgressions, and bruised for our iniquities. This is so eoBtly a . treasure ihat heaven ana earth could oot match it. ' This a o oil. ted One of Gol, upon whom the cha»tise- ige, t of our paace was laid— wbo would not have bitu to be his Saviour ? Surely, with snch a treasure to display we ought not to cry long for buyers, for every truly wise man wdi exclaim, " This is what I need— a saviour and a great one." To this yon are : invited in iheBe words, "He that hath no money, ; come, bay, and eat." t in the fifty-fourth chapter, the Divine Merchant- i man sets forth the rare possession of his eveblast- 5 iistr HOVE. Read from verse seven, " For a small moment have I forsaken thee; bnt with great mercies will I gather thee. In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment ; bat with everlast ing kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the Lord thy Redeemer. For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be removed ; bnt my kindness snail not depart from thee, neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, saith the Lord that hath mercy on thes." What more can be 6et forth to win men's hearts ? First, a fall atonement and now everlasting, making a covenant confirmed by oaifa. Shall there be need often to cry, " Come : and buy." when snch celestial wares are displayed before ns ? Notice vhe eleventh verse : — " I will lay thy stones with fair colours and lay thy foundations with sapphires And I will make thy windows of agates, and thy gatss "f carbuncles, aud all thy borders of pleasant stoneB." This is rare building, is it not ? Tnere should be a quick market for snch an arra v of ch >ice things ; sapphires aud agates — what would i you have more 1 Here are all manner of precions stones, and all of these given ireely I The only terms are "everything for nothing 1 Heaven for the akiug 1" All the treasures of God are freely bestowed upon the sons of men who are willing to accept tliein as gifts of grAoe. As if this were not enough, the Lord brings oat a fourth blessing, namely eveblastino safety by faith : " In righteousness shall thou be established; thou sbalt be far from oppression; for thon shalt not fear ; aud from terror ; for it shall not come near thee. No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper ; and every tongue that shall rise against j thee in judgment thon shalt condemn." Security is : worth infinitely more than gold. To be protected by j Diviae wisdom from every possible harm is the J portion of believers in Jesns. To be saved, and made safe for ever, is not this worth worlds ? Never was there & market like the Gospel market; and never were snch' wares spread out before the eyes of men as tiuse which are here presented to yon. I shall therefore with the more hopefulness speak to those who have not yet been buyers, and urge npon you the invitation of tfae text, ' He that hath no money, co jib ye, bny, and eat." In handling this text we shall notice the moneyless buyer. I. First, here is a descbdption of the buyer. I believe he is here this morning. I hope he will recognise his own portrait, though it is by no means a flattering one It is truth itself, a photograph taken by the sunlight oi heaven. It is the portrait of a poor, penniless, broken-down creatnre reduced to the ; extremity of want. Here it is— ' "He that hath no money." Of course, by this is meant among other things the man who literally has no money. Among the Jews of ourLoro's day there exiEtsd an idea that the man who had money was at a great advantage with regard to heavenly things, 60 that when the Lord said, " How Hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom," they exclaimed with wonder, " Who then, can be saved?" as if they thought that if tiie ri h could not be easily saved then none conll be. The word of God con tains nothing to encourage such a notion. The rich man is never extolled in the Old Testament, but he is often spoken of most slightingly. It is the g)orv of the Meeeiah that" the poor have the Gospel preached nnto them, ' and it is the giory of the GM8pfii that it is freely provided by the bounty of God for the beggar on the dunghill. Let no nan's heart fail him this day hecansehe saith c' Silver and gol i have I none." Having nothing, yo,u iqay yet possess ail thing-. You are at no disadvantage in God's market becau.se your pocket is empty— yon uuay come penniless aud bankrupt and receive tho exceeding richeg of his grape. But we understand tlie reference of the text to he 'mainly spiritual, aud so tho portrait here is toat of a man who has no spiritual money, no gold of goodness, no silver of sanctity. He it ie that is invited to come and buy tfce wine and miik of heaven- His fancied stock of natubad innocence is spent. At firt he thought himself to be pure as the newlv-fallsn snow, forgetting the question, How can he be clean that is born of a woman ? They told him that he was made " a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the liugdom of heaven" while he wae yet a babe, and thus he was led to think that he had started life's business with a Respectable stock -in-trade. He knows better now ; he Las seen this fancieo goodue-s molt away like the znist of the morning. He has gone, like the prodigal, into the tar countrv, and there he has wasted h s substance till not a arc At remains, if he searches himself through and thrones he cannot find a relic of innocence; the whole head is sick and the whole heart faint: from the soie of the foot even to the head he is all wounds, and bruises, and putrefying sores. There is no health in him. Innocence is utterly gone, if it was ever there- !?a r.hnncxht that he had accumulated some little savings of good wck? ; but his imaginary right eousness tubns out to be counterfeit. Hid he not. been honest? had he not been rober ? had he not attended a place of worship, and repeated forms of prayer ? Did not all this make np a little fortune of righteousness? He thought so, bnt then he was ignorant and delnded : he knows better now, for he has foaud ont that afi his rigbteonsnese is base metal : he conld not pass a penny's worth of it in the shop of his own conscience, much less in the market o heaven ; he knows that it would at once be de tected, and nailed to the connter. He finds that hii silver is white metal of the basest sort, and that bis gold is a sham: he has not the face to offer if. Any. wber. ; yea, he is so afraid of being seized fay juetioa B8 a coicer rfaat, like a wise man. he has hidden his sham righueonsnesB in theeatb. end has run away fro n iti He is now more afraid of his righteousness than of his unrighteousness. He is in a still worse plight, for he is also to poor to get any thing : the pbocubing Pu\ver is gone, for be has ' no money." Now that be ha c m into his sober eensas he would r«pent. hut he cnncot find a tender heart; he wonld believe, hot he ckdooi find faith He has no money; that is to say. nothing w Herewith he can procure those good thing wbinh ave necessary nnto salvation aad eteru «1 'if-\ He wee." them" all before him. like many a poor m m win walks ihe greets of London, and sees Just what, ho 1 hubind the glass of the shop winuow ; hot ho I vuts' his hand into th pocket, and d-.-soai--injty I ohsw" on. lor he has no money. As wdhoti: m ir.,ey I vol'iio ' is to bo bought iu the worm's ma-:, < is this poor man afraid thiL no bikini of grace can I ever be his because he has no good thing to offer, no righteousness to give in exchange. If God would sell him even a pennyworth of righteousness ho h-.js ; not the penny to buy it with ; and if the Lord would i pardon alt hu sins for one sixpenoyworth of holiness, | he has not so much as that to offer— ho had uo j money. j Moreover, his ltock with whioh to trade is j gone. _ Money makes money, and be that has a little j to begin with may soon have moie; bnt this mm, j having no stock to start with, cannot hope to be rich j towards God in and by himseil. hi canuot opm , the smallest shop, or sell tha most trifling warea, for he has ub money to t-tart with. Even tliepaors. will buy a few matcnes aud hawk ihem about the streets, out this poor creature has ' no money ,"aua cannot even invest a twopence in goods. He ha no., power even to think aright, much less to ac1 aright, . so as to bacome pleasing to God : he is us much j without strength as without merit. Not only is i h« i without good, bnt he appears to himself to be witn- j out power to get good. lie is a broken trader who j cannot again try mb fort-sine, for he has " no money.' | He is worse thin a common beggar, for he does not even know how to beg— "We know not what we should pray for as we ought." He uecds even to be . taught, how to beg. Whata pass to come to j i There is your portrait, my poor friend 1 Do you i recognise it? i hipe you do. i hear you Eay i " Yes, that is myself. i am without money." Then I to you the word of this salvation is sent — " He that hath no money, come, bny, and eat." "No money " Then he cannot pay his old debts. His sine rise up before him, but he cannot . make amends for them. What a long file is needed j to hold the record of his debts; it must be deep as ; the bottomless pit, and high as heaven. He owes : teu thousand talents, and has " nothing to pay" : he : has not a stiver, he has no money whatever ! he is reduced to bankruptcy, and cannot pay a farthing in Ike pound. ' Moreover, he cannot meet his present ex penses. Poor man 1 he must live; he muse eat the j : bread of heaven, and lie must drink of tho water of j i life; but he has nothing with whicti to procure these ! good things. His soul hungereth, yea, even faimeth j after the mercy of God, bnt he has no price with j ; which to procure it. This diy he wonld pluck his j eyes out to be pleasing with God; but he has nothing j to offer which the Lord conld aceept. He is redaced ) . to such beggary that iike the prodigal he cries, "I j perish with hunger." j He cannot face the future. He hardly dares j : to think of it; and yet the thought ol it will come -in. he remembers "the needs which will surround him on a dying bed, and the terrible demands ot the , resurrection morning when the ringing trump shall j introduce him to the dread Assize and he shall I Btana before his God to render his account. He i knows that ho cannot answer him for one sin of a ! thousand- He dreads the tuo light of the wor d to ) come i He has nothing with which to meet the de- i mands of the cter»ial future. He has "no money," j nothing that will pass current in the day of i judgment. The only hope for a man who has ' no money" mast be outside himself, it is idle for him to look into his own c "tiers; he must look away from him self ; and his only chance in thns looking is to appeal to charity, and plead for mercy's sak«-. He cannot buy— it is only God's mercy that talks about bis baying; he mast beg, be mnst entreat for love's sake. This is an essential part of spiritual poverty ; and I would that every unregenerate person knew that in him there dwelleth no good thing, and that he were convinced that he mnst look ont and look np for salvation, aud that upon the gronnd of mercy, since he cannot expect to obtain any blessing npon | the footing of justice, or as a matter of debt, i This is the man who is called to buy heaven's wine and milk. This day I have to present the promise of God and the exhortation of inerey to those who have failed in life, who aie dewn at the heel, broken and crushed. Oh, you utterly lost ones, to yon is there opened a door ot hope. The Lord has come into the market, and he bids you bny of Iiim without money and without price. the aioneteess saegajor. II. It is a singular invitation, " He that bath no money ; come, bny, and eat." In the streets around this Tabernacle, especially on a Saturday evening, yon may note the salesmen standing before their shops, and crying out vociferously, " Buy 1 Bn> 1 Bay 1 " No one can refuse to hear their noise ; but if they knew that a person had no money, I think ! they would save their breath so far as he is con- ! cerned- They want ready-money customers, and j pleuty of them. What wonld be the nse of crying, I " Buy 1 Buy : " to a man whose purse is empty ? Yet these "are the very persons whom the Lord selects, and to them he cries, " Come, bay, and eat." What is the reason ? Well, first, these need mercy most. Oh, poor souls, when the Lord Jesus looks on you he does not look at what yon have, but .at what you have not. He does not look at yonr excellences, but at yonr necessities. He is not looking ont for man's f nines e, but for man's emptiness. The Lord J esns never gave himself for oar righteousness; bnt he " gave himself for our sins." Not merit, bet demerit ; not desert of reward, bnt the desert of wrath, is the qualifica tion for mercy. Again, this character is chosen becanse he is such an one as wide exhibit in his own person the poweb of divine gbace. When he t<ikes a man whoBe needs are as large as the sea, whose wants ar-i as many as the sands on the shore, whose dauger is deep as the bottomless pit, and whose sin is black as Tophet's midnight; and when he makes that man into a child of God and an heir of leayeu, ah, then ali intelligences are amazed, and <pry ont, ".What a Saviour is this What precious blood is this 1 What a fulness this mnst ba which satisfies suca im measurable wants i" As it is one end of Christ's work to glorify divine grace, therefore he calls fir«t upon those who ha-e the most need, for in them his j grace will be best displayed. j Next, the Lord Jesus delights to wife evident the fbeeness of his ctbace. Now, if those were first called who have the money of merit, it might be imagined that they had paid their way ; bat if those a,0 called who, haye no good thing in . them, it is cear that graq j is free. When a poor I wretch cannot do a stroke of work, or contribute a button to > ou. then your lodging him must be of pore charifcv, aud notbfug else. The Lord Jeans is very jealous of the freeness of his grace j fie will not let a sixpence of our metit crorS. lii» hand, lest we should gloyv iu cur flesh, and think thai we have made Jesus rich- , ... If you ask me yet again why is he that hath no monev so expre sly called, I would answer, because he 13 the kind of man that will listen. The man who is needy is the inan that will hearken to the tidings of a full and free supply. He that is shivering in his nakedness wil. rejoice to be clothed, A wretched sinner jumps at mercy like a hungry fish leaping at the bait. When a soul is empty then it loncs for the folness of Cimet, but not till then. Full souls quarrel over honeycombs, they are not sweet enough for them ; but to the hungry man even every bitter thing is sweet. A man who is cor scions of sin will not qnibble abont the way of grace, but if pardon ie to be had he will have it at once; whoever may be silent, you will hear Ms voice crying aloud, " ihou Son of David, have mercy on me 1" Let me add that such an empty, penniless soul, when he does get mercy-, will phize it and praise it. He that has been shut up in the dark for years values the light of the sua. He tht has been a prisoner for month«,how happy he is when the prison doers are opened, aud be is at liberty again ! Let a man once get Christ, who has bitterly known and felt his need of him, aud he will ptize him beyond all things, and find bis sole delight in him. But i may not linger. How i wish that i knew how to oreach i i long with my whole heart to use great plamcehs of speech. i would not ntter a single sentence which would ssfin to have the wisdom of words in it. i aim not at fine language, bnt only' to get at poor sinners' hearts. Oh that 1 conld bring the sinner to his Saviour. Oratory has been the cur$e of the Christian chnrch; it has hidden the crosB under roses, and taken men' minds away from Christ To strum afte$ eloquence when preach ing the 'icspel is a sin worthy of eternal destruction. To point the t- inner to cm be our soie desire. fjpay for, mo, brethren and sisters, as i go on, lor i need aia from the Holy Ghost. how the bargain is made. ITI. In buyiuJ there are three or fon stages, and the first is desiring to "aye the thing which iB exhibited. The man who buys has first the wish that the property in the article should t e vested in himself, Wfll you nat desire that Christ, that for- givonese, that eternal life, that salvation should be come yonrs ? Do yon not long for the Lord to grant it to von ? Men in the streets, a« I have said before, cry " Bny ! buy 1" because buying means business. They are not nn wil sing that people should stop and look at their goods— they even ask thorn to walk iu and see for thsmseles; but they aim at finding buyers and not gazers, if a man we e to couie into tho shop and turn over ail the goods, and never purchase anything, the tradesman would begin to cry, " Suy ! bny !" with quite another sc nt; for lie does not wart a crowd to look a-, lino, but he wat-tB people to buy of him. many of you who are here i iliis morning have oiilv coma to heir what the . preacher has to say, aud to criticise his style acd , . „nft£re. X nrav yo i rise to something better than language, pr - r Let na do business this intf fr God and for our own souK Do not j 'S'?Joy4:'r mrtrta., oi ti.. 9.bb.tb , waste tne p fc(,ar sermons, and read I £eo£l® JSPSif for a sort of «mnsement ; the.v do not | '/ business with the Lord. See, 1 h\wy select striking sentences and cull garbling and LndJm"arvely waatinl basinets? TMm, cooie Come M terms huckstering by the ye- r to,-etbe<. terms, ; and make an e.,d of hesitaiotIfY' have no . desire vou will not buy. and I ; Atrain I cry. " Come, buv, and eat. Ou that the Again a crj, , strO-jg de-ire without . which no man wili ever buy! Ala=! there are ; thousands tab. «r» alway. Saud ' I nat because tbev have a wish to understand tne . Gospel, but because they do rot cara to come to serious dealing'. Phaps yon have read the story of a Governor of one of the American States who caded at an hotel where there was a co oured wa.ter, who was well known to hold Calvinishc opinions, and was, therefore, made the butt for many a Jest. So toe Governor said to him. « fimm. you do ptf really believe that doctrine of election, do you ? Deed I do, sab," said he. "Well, then, replied the Governor, "tell me whether I sm elect or not. " Sab," said the negro, " I did no. know you were a candidate, and I kn.w nothing about a man sbemg elected it he has not put np for it. Now, that is common sense It is a business-like way cf answer ing an abaurd question. Certain people who are not even candidates for heaven will yet shelter them selves behind w ideas of predestination-play ing niththe blessings of grace instead <f desiring the. "But": This means next to agree to terms, for there cannot be any purchasing, however much the buyer desires to bny and the ee'Mr to sell, till chey agree to terms. Now, out difficulty with God's goods is this : whereas ordinarily the bnyer cannot be brought up to the seller's price, in our case we cannot set men down to God's price. They will persist in offering something or other as a price. | They talk to us thus—" I cannot be saved, for I do | not eoe any good thing in rr-yself, Sir if I had a depp sense of need, then I could be saved or, " Sir, if I conld pray better;" or, " Sir, If I bad more re pentance, or more love, I could then believe in Jesus." Oh, yes, if yon had a price in yonr hand, yon would pay for heaven's blessings, would yon not? Bnt then, you see, they are not presented to you npon snch terms. Price is out of the question. God's torms are that there shall be no terms of purchase at all ; yon are to ba nothing, and Jesns is to be your all in all. When you will come down to that, tbea take the goods, the bargain is made; eternal life is yonrs. The next thiug in a purchase is that, when toe terms are carried out, the buyer appropriates the goods to himself. If I buy a thing it is mine, and I take it into my possession. Yon do not see a man boy a thing and then leave it behind him for toe seller to do as he likt s with it. In the things of God yon are to appropriate the blessing to yonrnelf. Pnt out the hand of faith, and say, " Here is Christ for a sinner. I am a sinner, and I take Christ to be my Saviour. Here is washing for toe fihhy ; I am filthy, and I wash. Here is a robe of righteousness for the naked ; I am naked, I take thu raiment to be mine." Make Christ yonr own, and he has made yon his omu Take the Lord by an appropriating act ot faith to be yonra for ever, and the bargain is struck. See, then, the blessed invitation, the whole of God's mercy in Christ, infinite love and boundless compassion are to be had for no price at ali ; they are freely given to every man who has no money with wlr'ch to procure them. The height of love meets the depths of poverty and fills them up. He that has nothing is invited to have all things, lcr be is the person for whom they were provided in the eternal purposes cf God. all true. IV. I conclude now by saying a few things by way of assurance, to show tliat this is all real and true, and no make-believe For, first, it is not God's way to mock men. He hath himself declared, " I said not nnto the seed of Jacob, seek ye my face iu vain " God has not said one thing in one place aud another in another to contradict himself. He has not in the Scriptures bidden men come to him with the promise that he will not cast them ont, ail the while meaning of some of them that hb will cast them ont. No, there are no exceptions made in the promises of Godi to empty Binners who come to him. Men mock men, bnt God never deludes. We may say of him " Thy word is truth." Note that these mercies mnst be Teally meant to be given gratis to the poor, becanse God k under no necessitv to sell his benefits. He is not im poverished. If a poor tradesman began to give away his goods you would say, " There is acme trick about tbis ;" bnt when the Meet High Goo, the possessor of heaven and earth, who has everything, freely gives to ns, then there can be cc. design, f >r his own advan tage ; his motive must he pure compassion. Kemember, too, that it mnst be true that God will give these blessings to men who have no merits, and will bestav them as gifts, because Jesus hirsklf is a eys.-S« Did anybody ever dream of haying Christ ? Stand at the! foot of the cross and say "to yourself, " Could lever have procured this vast display of love by any merit of mine ?- Gould I have dene a'nytMng which conld have merited thAtthe Son of God shonld become man, and that being found in fashion as a man he should die sooh a death as this forme ?» Salvation must be a gift, for Jesns is a gift. Away with yonr sacranxantp, yonr ceremonials, vonr pravers, your alms,1 your good works, ii these are made the brass pence with which yon hope to bny such inestimable things as pardon, sonship, heaven ! Besides that, Christ is all. Men have no notion what Christ is when they talk of gettine ready for Christ, or hringing something to him. What would you bring to Christ ? Everything is in Christ, and therefore yon cannot bring anything to him. "Oh, hut," say you, " I must come with a broken heart." I tell you no, !\ou mast come for a broken heart. " Oh, bnt I mu6t oome with a sense of need." I tell you that a true sense of need is his wo k in yon. True repentance and a sense of need spring from his graoe, ar.d you mnst get them from him without money and without price. "Ah, but I must be something." Say, rather, you must be nothing. We cannot drill tbis into men's brairs ; nay, if we were to use steam power to work npon the mind, we conld not get this thought fixed in their proud hearts. They will cling to merit, they must be something, feel something, say something, do something. Out ot the way with your something I >ub-ide into nothingness. The Spirit of God brooded of old over chaos, so thit order was clearly Ms work ; and when the mind seems to be all chaos and darkness, theu the Spirit of God is sure to work, and the Lord's voice is heard, saying, "Let there be light!" Goto the Lord Jesus just as you are, you will never be better yon may be woree ; go now, j net as yon are, to Jesns, and bay and eat without money, means, or merit. We have heard of men advertising to give things away, but when you read the advertisement carefully yon find that you are to pay after all ; the Gospel is not so, lis freedom is real. Many a good thing is to be had, but when yon see how it is to be ob tained, you say to yonrself ' the conditions shut me ont ; " bnt the conditions of eternal life shut no man out who needs to be eayed- and wills to be saved. Over the gato ot heaven is written " Gome, and welcome." But you remind me toat it eaye Bay," -and you insist npon it that therefore you must pay. Not ao; B»lva- tiou is paid for already ;.all le flavin g has been done by liim whp opened hi veins tppd toe only price that i. current in heaven— the siu-atoniag blood. If nrice may be spoken of — that price was all paid long before you were born. Nearly nineteen hundred years ago on Calvary's cross the purchasing work was done, and Jesns bowed his head and said," It Is finished " Will yon add to tbat which is finished ? Will yon tag on your rags to the Lord'e glistering cloth of gold, »nd add your ba<e farthings to the in finite price wbfeh he poured forth so lavishly at the foot of the Httrcal Throne? Oh, do not so. Nay, my friepd. sink, sink, sink; by a mighty descent sink to nothing, and let Jesns rise, rise, rise, till he fids the whole horizon of yonr thoughts aud hopes, for then r« you saved. Let ub sing — " 'Tis done 1 thegrea transaction s done; I am my Lord's, aud he is mine ; He drew me, and I fohow'd on, Gharm'd to eenfets the voice divine." 