NOTES FROM LONDON. ntOM ODE OWN CORRESPONDENT. 2Stb August. The half-dozen military officers who have been selected to teach the young ' idea of Victoria to " shoot" are employed iu daily in terviews with the Agent- General, finally aettling the terms of their engagements, and fishing for information respecting tho new community of which they are about to become -tmembers. They seem a fair sample of the " British officer," and have most of them got youth on their side. As the majority also aro unmarried men, their advent will doubtless occasion considerable excitement in select circles in the colony, where eligible parhs with a sufficient admixture of official position and blue blood are always at a premium. It Is to be hoped that these latest " new chums" jnst launching on a colonial career will have the good sense to assume an independent stand, and, instead of talcing their cue from a plutocratic clique, to throw themselves heartily into the breezy cur rent of popular opinion at the antipodes. I understand that Captain Fellowcs has applied for the postponement of bis departure for a period of four months. Tho Agent-General has, however, refused to entertain the application. General Scratchley is, of course, " great" with tho new appointments, with tho selection of whom ho lias had a good deal to do. He treats them with an air of fatherly patronage which is very picturesque, and which at present, at any rate, they do not at all seem to resent. Tho colonial status of this gallant officer is a matter of considerable curiosity to his friends here, and probably the precise posi tion he occupies is as much a matter of uncer tainty in Australia as it assuredly i'b in Lon don. There must bo some good pickings at tached to the post which General Scratchley holds as general military adviser to the Aus tralian group, or the War Office would scarcely have refused to pay the gallant general the retiring pension to which he would under or dinary circumstances he entitled. This, how ever, I hear they have dona. I see that apples are likely to he a scarce crop in America this year, so thnt there ought to be some room for the company which is, I bear, forming in New Zealand for tho export ol tnis most conventional or iruus to tne oiu country. It is to be hoped that more attention will be paid to preserving and packing any shipments than was the case with the Austra lian apples arriving here this season, most of which had to he condemned by the corporation inspectors. The "Shaw incident" has at last closed with an unconditional surrender, and there arc Bigns that this abandonment of an indefensible course will not he the only symptom of returning reason which the French Government are likely to display in their futnre relations with foreign powers and semi-civilised states. At one time tho Shaw affair seemed likely to bring us to the brink of war, and a good deal of credit is due to tlie Government for tho skill and moderation with which they extri cated the country and themselves from a diffi cult dilemma. The semi-official warning ad dressed by Prince Bismarck to the French people has been warmly backed up by tho semi-official press of Italy, and the rosnlt has been a marked diminution in the tone of threat and insult which has for many mouths past marked tho deliverances of French writers and speakers when roferriug to Germany. Tile adoption of a more conciliatory tone towards England may be taken as an admission on the part .of Franco that she cannot afford to lose the ono friend which, outside of llussia, she possesses in Europe. With an armed Germany on her borders and Italy barking at her heels it is hardly likely that M. Perry will care to, at any rate materially, iuoreaso the strength of .the military forces employed by France abroad,. The production of-Froedom at -X&nry-lane; bas not beon altogether tbe success contem- . plated by tho enterprising manager, Sir. Augustus Harris ; but it has an interest for Victorians, inasmuch as its anther is Hr. George Fawcett Rowe.i better known to them as George Fawcett, who in tho " early days" managed thePrineess'sThealreinSpring-street. As an eeoentric comedian Fawcott Kowo has fow suporiors, while as an adaptor anil dramatic author he has displayed abilities of no mean order. His acting as Micawber and his drama of tho Geneva Cross are <piito suffioient to substantiate this statement. Yet, on the whole, he has beon an unsuccessful man. Many an actor of far less ability has earned ten times the money, and has contrived to establish a name and position in London or Now York. Fawcett- Ilowe is still a. wanderer on the face of the globe, and it may bo doubted if he is in at- all a better position now than when he wss imitating Dr. Ituuter, L. L. Smith and other local celebrities on the stage of tho Princess's. His drama Freedom is, of course, pure fustian. It is announced as by " Messrs. Augustus Harris and Howe " but what is termed — perhaps in mockery — the " litorary portion " of tho play is entirely tholattor's. Mr. Harris probably contented himself with practical suggestions to the stage manager, leaving the composition of the pieco entirely to bis collaborateur. It would bequite impossible to give you any idea of the wild and incongruous plot of Freedom. It may be briefly described as a tale of British heroism in Egypt, in which a gallant naval officer in a bright blue uniform (impersonated, of course, by Mr. Augustus Harris) dons thrilling acts of, say sacrifice and bravery, and proves himself more than a match for Arab! and his minions. It is magnificently put upon the stage, but, perhaps owing to tho oppressive wcathor, it decs not appear to " draw." Some little stir lias been created in theatrical circles by the behavior of Mr. Luscombe Searlle, a yonng musician, originally hailing from New Zealand, whose comic opera, Estrella, has been purchased by Mr. Garner for Australia. Estrella, although it received good press notices, and is undoubtedly a light and trifling operatic work of some merit, was a disastrous failure In London. After the first week " tho ghost," in theatrical parlance, " did not walk." Mr. Searlle seized on the Oceanian of Mr. Garner's temporary stay in the Strand to dispose of the colonial rights of the piece, and then his difficulty was to evade tho unpaid actors and actresses, who thought themselves entitled to a share of the fees in lieu of their weekly wages and the loss of thoir engagement. I called on Mrs. Langtry, at Dover-street, l'iccadllly, to find out if sho had made her ar rangements for Australia, and if she intended to take out with her a full theatrical company. She informed me that sho did not intend to tako anyone with her except Mr. Cooper. Sho seems to have had so much trouble and expense with her company in America that site very wisely intends to rely on the support of what ever artistes your local managers may have In their theatres at the tima of her visit. Everyone who lias visited the Grand Theatre speaks in high terms of Mr. G. P. Carey. I ovon 'hoard one eminent critio remark that it was entirely owing to "the little Australian comedian" that A Bright Future has been at all successful. Mr. George DarreH's Snnny South is "underlined" for production by Messrs. Holt and Wilraot at the Grand Theatre. 