llOiiiAJ*CES OF ,..: :-; }'? - -B&\- A WANBERI2TS MUSICIAN. ' -fRriU&ied; fcy special arrangement 'arith ;be autbor. ?:-..:?;.,-?:- ; All lights reserted.} f ?'?*? -Ira xx.— MEEsrs conflict of , 1 -\ LOVE. -? -v -ijlerry Collies was leading lady ivhen I first ??: -v ? metier, and'nbt long married. Her proper :~.. inane was Miriam, bnt from her sprightly dis ?-'- jw6ition,atiperiorintelligciiceJandiiidomitable \- Vj&erpyshe; never got any name bufc Merry. \- SSbe -was just twenty-two then, and, though T sfefetoid been all her life on. the stage, was ? * / quite a lady-like girl in manner. I have seen \- naay stars with not half her intensity of f eel ing in their acting, and nothing like her subtle eoneepnuns 01 cnaracterm meir readings, Dae ?.'_ thien they had magnificent- wardrobes, and .'??? jrafling notices, and giant posters, while she was dogged for life. 7; :-doggcd !— yes, that is the best way to ex ?'?:-:. 'jwess.it ; though, I daresay, at the time, had : suth a thing been breathed in her hearing, she ': -woMd have resented the idea hotly. I suppose .'?? ' $Re word has some connection with the cord ?~ , a*clrlegjmt£ which it is usual to hamper cattle '' ??:? lirtiich are inclined to run too much— they can .' ?? BBnfrre a little, just enough to get their food, Ijijtthej have to drag the heavy log with item -The log which Merry, the dashing ««ti3 jntlemki- — IW^n-v- 'frhp irnfta and true — n&d; . *o«?r»g after her was her husband. A story writer-would paint him a ready- mide villain, . with knitted brows, heavy fists, and brutal T talk. complete : but, in truth, Arthur Trevaile : -was nothing of the kind. He was a good xatured, easy-going lump of humanity, who could do nothing in particular bnt wear fine clothes, smoke cigars, and speed mosey— aarortly on otherpeople. I don't think he had inuch love for his wife in him, and he took -. . &er;*passionate devotion to him in the most ' '- jjrovokingly comfortable manner imaginable. : Se-was fiie son of anbotel-keeper, and hai Eererlearned any profession, had always had v cigars to Bmoke and horses to ride for the : . mere -taking of them, and never troubled him -' ' self much about anything. ' He met Merry \- - imrt-atr an. amateur theatrical performance, ? S&^wiich he showedWaiself the most densely stupid in tile company, yet was so easy and cool -)ver his blunders that the audience thought iim perfect. I have a suspicion that Merry fell in love with him there and theD, . Joht bJowshe succeeded in inspiring him with a reflection of the feeling is an inscrutable mystery , 'but at any rate they were soon after .' «igagedto be married. ...».?' Of coarse his parents rigorously opposed _ -Jhe match,'_and thought he was about to dis grace himself frightfully by marrying aa actress. They never thought that their haad ???'?: las-flump of a son — their droning do-nothing, ? !*raa J^he 1-ad .bargain; and poor Merry the _ Tictim. - C' Every craw thinks its ainbird white,' and these hotel people were no exception to the xu|e. They were not really wealthy, but with a .great show of indignation they cast off their '. ? son when he married, and then Merry man aged to ge^hirn taken on in the same company ' *itfrher as ' utility,' thus adding a few shil lings to her salary, which helped to keep him ? .- ~- -' in cigars and pocket money. He was an abso lute failure on the stage, snd would have been discharged but for, Merry. . Like nuny in the pulpit and on the stage, he was agood plough van t-r blacksmith lost to' the world. 'iflLfewjears later Merry came back to our iheatre and then she had twochildren. How \- die managed to live and keep their heads afcovewaterwasamarveltoall, for Trevaile Jflirew away her hard earned shillings without stint on any thirsty loafer who chose to consort ?with him. He was a good-looking fellow, tall '3033 handsome in build, and I sappose, had snefi a Jiold on Merry's affections that she \- The^oing on as utility had so long since Jbeconre a farce, and Trevaile's appearance so amceriainvttatit had bBen?pven up by mutual agreement, and he no longer called, himself an «ctor; 'tut professed to be always on the look-out for .some desperate hard work by ?which %e would make a fortune and take Blerrylrom the stage. And all the time she sieved, and starved, and pinched, and jisfc suoaaged tb live and no more. Tft was at that Stage, when Merry was barely twentY-six, and actually more beautiful* as it leetnea if- lae, into womanliness and worth than when she married, that an incident , occurred which, though trifling, was to have , sn important Influence upon fche whole of her After .rehearsal one day she was standing sftlhe stage entrance of the theatre looking Berber JiBbband, who had promised to meet i«- there, -when she saw a young lad oE fcigbteen or so, poorly clad and very pallid and pinched about the face, slowly approach the spot and begin to hurriedly scan the theatre -bills posted near her. The lad was fair and-good looking, and limped slightly in walk 5i®,:*nd. on looking towards his feet Merry ' sptieedthatMB miserable boots were muddy ssddtrayel-etaiiied. ... * JEfcom the fact that he studied only the Sfimes«f the company in the bill, and a cer lajji unmifltakeablecut by which one pro. detects another, Merry guessed that he was an actor, and probably out of a shop— literally on the rocks. -JH.erj'y was as noted for her spontanteous generosity, as her husband was for comfortable selfishness, -and her heart at once warmed to theshoflungand^tarved- Jookinglad. 'Are yon looking for any one in the bill ?' she Asked at last, after vainly waiting for hi m ^o address her. '¥es, ma'm.; I thought Joe Courtney was 3)*re playing -old men,' he said, raising his iiatajidronsinghimselffromakindofdespair i&g;, stupor, 'but I see you have Garleton imrfjead,' .'-..' ??Conrfaiey, I' believe, was in the last «Gpapany,' she Jdndly answered, ' but he has r *'Se-knowB*ie«nd my people,' faintly cDBtinned tiielad, 'and I've been out of a ?&op; for a week or two, and had to leave all ,~ ' 3syr ^wardrobe in F ? . I've walked from Shere new, but Tm afraid there's nothing for jnefcere.' .-. His lips quivered and his eyes became moist *»3iespoke,«ndhe was turning away to leave \- 3Bto«pot without another word when Merry* . ' i3aH4*ifflBd«nii2arm, : ViDaift so. till you're sure of that. I'm :--? atony Coffins.^ ,-1'Iinowihatr-Mrs. Trevaile,' he respect ^Uyxeturned. /'I have seen you act, and I ioewyou whenever I came forward.9' ?v -' J* Wai, if you: will come with me, the fttage ' TOanagerlises quite close to my lodging, and I wfll^peaktoiauia&ryou.;' ^TmjaoiiJaausti. of an actor,' he modestly Stained, after huskily stammering out his : ~ 'Aaoks-to.Qie^oJEer.- *' Charlie Harman is my auone^ ?andieecond low comedy is generiUy ^ - *iiat£*ngage-foribut I'd do anything they «axe to^nfcme to, 3ust till I get on my feet In1 the excitement of the moment the lad -tottered -feebly, and wpuld certainly have ?^Iteafeul jtor/the quickly advanced hand and stxongarnrof Dferry. . c, -'£ amit«trbng .enough,' he hurriedly re anacked.iiilnsIiiD^iike-a girl at his own weak auss;'itnt:£m3nst a little tired with the aengwalk.. You are very kind. If you will a«tgo»niwillmanagetofollowyou. I'm a 3ftfle shabby, -and noteo tidy as I should like Ao^be when'walking vim a Jady.' Merrypaid nO attention to the hint, bat, ' keeping ferarm firmly hooked into his own, ' ^^ntBBgcdto^et the feeble lad as far as her «wnlodgisg. There she set him down in a ' «*atrandiiurried to place before him a basin «rf «oup -outof her own dinner pot. With the airst whiff of -warm, savoury steam out of the ^ooni, iowfiver, the bravery and strength of iijelad^ranisfaed, and he fainted away like a ^M -where he sat. When he recovered, Merry araBtfitiahg about him, feeding him with a -flspoDfrat *on& fwmnpntij' and then pulling off ' Jifcraggedftoots to bathe his cat and frozen ^cet. Willie she was lnisy thus on her knees ^before him -Charlie's head drooped on her : ~$b6ulder and achokiDg burst of sobs shookhis Tfoane, while bis hot-tears dropped down on 9-er4»»y motherly fingera. i *^¥«u'j« likeamother to me,' he ejaculated * a£4ast. ^ 'Jib.-you must be an angel. I *eTer thought ttiere was any one bo good on \- ' AB angel? 4-b, fiddlesticks I' cried Merry, ^ragbing m; her own .sympathetic tears, **SPihen could an angel make soup like that? -£tate Home' more,-- do! It's warming you ^pgifcwnHfnHy. And here's a pair of Mr. %jnr*3le% socks, -and a pair of old slippers, rtvifich you'can^put on in the meantime.' -:_-**Butl'nr* stranger to you,' said Charlie in *W©riaerment»na gratitude, ji ^Suttiottovusfortnne, eh?' said Merry, *Bri(fe a bright look. 'Well, my own little tooestought wantHelp some day, so weare just X&eto;, 1 couldn't Tcsist helping you, so it's ziot worth speaking about' 'You're awfully good — I'll never forget it,' . 'be said with bisjhe&rt-full;, and thtn he told Jjer his little history, from which she learnsd ^w«SM-ut%iirpi5se Q&t; he had not tasted food ^or^rfee-daya. !beingrfeoo proud t(j *beg or let *-- ^jnK?n^4liattnj^^BDbwh to any one onrthe way. \- - ^jto jtfec-^flt^jmjpHlse of despair, on fiadtog '? £datb iianwnly]faead was notrinihe company -me fce&ad; expected, heiad resobzed to crawl ;'-. ' apfiur^gtfce river and 4rrp in and end it alt, SiKmerry's prompt action and kindness had 'S-':'i' **&toBtSi;£&rt;&a;&e.;&me; hpme to dinner he U^Sm^aSK^^^»iim^mpaiaa^itfet^ readily ;:^giggi^^^^gjfe^^^€llaEaBe;-'atod Merry and ®r% M&8\. ^^m^J^^J?resenicd to the rota s%gf^jBajM^p^^3w»3-eiqg iak«a *O as one S^^P^^^W^w^w^ so jgveat tjwrt the : Charlie and Merry became fost friends from that- day. Some were wicked enough to think that sucb a friendship was a dangerous one, and one of the company had the hardihood to say so, but as he was laid up fora week after the terrific thrashing he got from the indig nant young lad, that slander was -nipped in the bud, never more to be heard of. ' The friendship — cr love, if it maybe so cilled^f Merry and Charlie, indeed, was more like that of mother and son than anything else. Merry looked out his lodging for him, and saw that his landlady did not take adv&nt;≥ of his good temper and inexperience ; Merry looked after his clothes, and sewed on buttons, :i and even, I believe, darned his stockings, and decided when his coats were worth turning and his boots in need of mending. Merry also kept his savings for him and bought his stage wardrobe for him with a keen busi ness eye to their worth and durability ; and in retuin Charlie nursed her baby, and took out the eldest for long walks, and wrote out Merry's parts for her, and worshipped MEsrry herself as no mother ever was worshipped. He even did more, for he tried to instil some of his own manliness into her husband, and to rouae Lim from his easy pleasure-taking to think of work and duty ; but in that he did not succeed so welL Trcvailehadlearnedtoiike billiards better than his bairns, and company and drinking better than Merry; and all his ideas of the future were the dreamiest of dreams. So he and Charlie did not agree so well after a little, though he was kind enough to Kay in a pitying tone that the lad meant well, and was kiad to his bairns, so he forgave him. . '. Towards the end of one season, however, Trcvaile's dreams were roused to something like action- by some news from America. A young Irish lad — a mere novice on the stage —had gene out there and made a great' hi*, and was now starring io s. play which had been specially written for him. He now wrote hoKie sajing that he was organising a company of his own to go through the chief cities of the States, and would be glad if those wishing to join would write to him at a given address. 'That'sjust the thing for us, my dear,' said ] Trevaile to Merry, between the puffs at s. six- \ penny cigar. 'We can take a joint engage ment, you know, as managers are not pre judiced against me there, and I am tired of idleness. Yes, I mean to turnover a new leaf, and become a man.' ' An actor's life in America,' observed Charlie with great gravity, 'is nothing but bar-loafing all day, and hard work at night. I know that well, for Courtney was there, and used to tell me all about it.;; ' So much the better,!;said Trevaile calmly. 'One is the better of seeing a little life before one walks into the grave. And then the screws are high— more than double what poor Merry gets here.' ' ' It would all go in your ex's, and more,' said Charlie ; ' and, suppose you wanted to come home again, how would you manage it?' ' Oh, never mind the coming home,' was the careless reply. ' He pays our ex's, out, and I dare say when we get there we'll be glad X.O xurn our oacKS on mis rotten uiu uuuu^ry for good. I'm sick of it for my part.' Charlie said nothing, for if he had made any reflection on Trevaile's easy life, he knew it would pain Merry. As for the poor wife, she was loth to go, seeing the devoted and sensible Charlie — whom she had learned to lean on for counsel and strength — looking grave and silent, but she was eager to see her husband make some effort at industry, and she gradually allowed herself to be convinced that the step was a good one. A letter was written, and while it was gone Charlie hoped that they would hear no more of it ; but promptly at the end of the month came a reply ec gaging Merry and her husband at a handsome joint salary, with a free passage out for both. ' I'm sorry I didn't write too,' said Charlie, when he saw that the inevitable had to be faced, for Charlie was clever, and had more set ing in his little finger than Trevaile had in bis whole body. Charlie's spirits went down from that hour, and he moped and wandered about in a stupe fied stateforthenext fortnight. He could have seen Trevaile go away without a pang, but the children and Merry were now part of his life. Be was a quiet looking fellow of a few words, buthehad never forgotten that frosty morning when Merry spoke so kindly to him and took him famishing and ragged to her own fire side. Seal gratitude lies far deeper than words. When the morning o£ fcheir departure came Charlie carried the cttTldren down to the harbor, with Treyaile walking by his sidej comfortably enjoying a cigar. Merry and her husband were in high spirits, but Charlie could not smile, snd looked per fectly pallidand woebegone. When the part ing came he took Merry aside and tried to slip all bis savings intfehex hand. ' 'It's for the children, Merry,' he said when ' she demurred, ** and who knows but you may need it all out there. I have no use for it.' But Merry put it back in his hands, with her ! lustrous eyes looking wondrously beautiful with soft tears. 'Poor Charlie — dear good fellow, I m sorry to leave you,' she said huskily, and that look and the clasn of her kind hands on his almost repaid him for the parting. His last words were to Trevaile as they shook hands— ' Be good to her, old fellow, for she has a heart of gold,' he whispered, and so they parted. When a man falls in the social scale here at home it is usual for his friends, after allow ing him full swing for a time, to say, ' Oh, this will never do— let's send him abroad.'. It is awkward meeting the man in rags and possibly bare-footed, and being stopped and cravedf or the loan of a shilling, so it is thought best to purify him by sending him over the seas. People forget, however, that the man carries his curse withhiui ; that indeed he runs a riskof having his condition aggravated; and that having no longer- friends to prey upon he may Wiril nuu yLtsy upuu aumigciai acw, »u other point is overlooked, which is best illus trated by the case of a man I knew whs, with the idea of ' turning over a new leaf,' took a journey of sixteen thousand miles and then, the more perfectly to isolate himself from evil, took a journey to a new township in the remotest part of the new country. Yet the moment he got out of the waggon in his new settlement what was his astonishment to hear a familiar voice address him with the words, 'Eh, Bnuldie, hoo's a' wi' ye ? Come and let's hae a dram for auld langsyne.' The speaker was an old crony, and they went to the nearest public and went dram — dramming till his last condition was worse than his first. It needs, therefore, no ghost sent from the grave t^ tell what was the result of Trevaile's grand scheme Of advancement and improve ment. Merry proved a great success in America, and Trevaile thought there was no bottom to her porsej and spent her money faster than she could earn it. It turned out just as the canny and long-headed Charlie had prophesied — bar-loafing all day, and not hard work at night, but gaming and billiard play ing. Nor was that the worst of it, for, as nearly every bar-loafer carried a revolver and a knife, Trevaile had to do likewise, and in some of the mad fits brought on by the strange drinks had a trick of taking these weapons out and bringing Merry to her senses, as he called it. Once he fired at her in her room at the boarding-house, and the ball peeled the skin off her -ear, and on. another occasion he nearly took the finger off his youngest child in the same way. Merry had an awful life of it, and spent whole nights in crying and bitter ^regrets' over leaving Soot land. At last Trevaile's mad freaks and dis sipation so disgraced the company that the -mavia-r/&i-T;#3lnr*hfmf:W cnurA TVTerrv Tup.t nofcise_ He gave her the option of sending away her husband and remaining ; but Merry was not prepared forthat, andsolosther situation. She got another at a lower salary, and for a time struggled on, but, as things went' from bad to worse,- she at last decided to come home. With great difficulty she saved enough to pav their steerage passage home, and one dsyjsent 'Trevaile down to pay the money and see tneir luggage aboard. Trevaile commenced by hav ing some drinks ; then he opened the trunks and held a comic auction of all their posses sions, and speedily was saved the trouble of taking them to* the vessel. He then took passage for the West with some gambling companions, who promised him grand things in Frisco, and Merry saw him no more. So there was the poor actress left without a lodging, luggage, or a penny in a strange land. It was this last act which eternally severed her from Trevaile. She had clung to him and loved him up to that moment ; now her love was dead and buried. When ehe discovered all she was near going down to the harbor with her children and plunging in and ending all, but the thought that she had still one friend oa the other side pulled her up. With great difficulty she got a situation as nurse in one of the public hospitals, and, while managing to live in this w»y, wrote to Charlie, telling him only part of what she had endured. As quick as two letters could move over the Atlantic she had her answer, enclosing a money dr&?t chit must have swallowed all Charlie's savings, and then she took her passage home. Charlie was at the harbor waiting her, wiih beaming eyes and face radiant as the sun, oat when he took the children in his arms for a grand Tiug on the deck of the vessel, Merry could only turn away, and burst into bitter tears. The home-coming was .so different * frtm the starting, and her mind so fall of her wrongs and sufferings, that for the moment I . believe even Charlie's kind lace was hateful ^ to her. ' It's wrong to cry now when you've left all you're : troubles 'behind . you,*' was Caarlie'a quiet remark iis they weni. ashore together. . ''? This is the time to smile, and be glad and 'jojIaL' ?Mwish I had rever lived,' was Merry's a«ttftirir)gjreply. - ' ; ';~'Tbai't) iot£ind.~for then you coulu Tieter ? live caved xhe tf*t time wT*en 1 tramped £erc '.?aiaw.Msig,' siiAX3six&K; with eweet gravity. . 'I'vejgct yon yenr old lodging,' and a shop toe — ssjwalking lady — and dinner's waiting you, eo I don't think you need look Bad and UarfuL' For a moment Merry was overcome, then she laid her hand gratefully on Charlie's arms, ESTlEg — u Ab, Charlie, if he had only been half as good and thoughtful as you, howldifferent my life would have been.' Charlie gulped down something in silence, and then cheerfully mumbled out something to the effect that it wouldn't do if all the world ?were alike, and so the subject dropped, and with it Merry's tears and despair vani shed. For two years Merry heard nothing of her fcusband ; and though he knesv perfectly that afletter could always reach her through the Era tffice, he never once wrote or Jet her knov that he was alive. Daring this time she had prtsFOsed better than ever she had_ done since her marriage. Sometimes she was in onetotvn ard sometimes in another, but she v?&s; seldom idle, and if such a thing hsppened_ she was al ways prepared for it Most of the time Charlie managed to get into the same compan with fcer, but, when that was impossible, they wrote regularly or made flying visits. Charlie smoothed avray every difficulty from her pith, and declared, if she vrouM only wait lone enough, he would marry her daughter, the little Blerry, to complete the bond. But one Sunday, when Charlie was looking over the Era, he saw a cuttting from an American paprr giving an account r-f the violent death of a Scotchman Darned Arthur Tievaile, a great gambler and desperado, and said to have been an actor. Merry was back to the same town at the time, and, with his checks blanched and his Ihnbs tottering under him, Charlie took Jhp paper to her home and read the cutting. STrrry was startled and and shocked, lmt..-.'H: declared that she would not put on irsr.-urnings for him, as it would be a falsebctc to say that she grieved for him. Shortly after, Charlie was one day sitting in Merry's lodging, with the little Merry on his knee, when Se whispered to the child to ask her mother if she would have him for a new father. 'But jou said you would marry me,' said the child aloud, in quick demur ; and then Merry, heariDg the wcrds, turned' to Charlie with crimson cheeks and tearf ol eyes and chided him for thinking cf such a thing. ' I'm an old married woman, and you're little more than a lad, with all the world before you,' she said, with deep emotion. ' No, Charlie, you deserve a far better wife than ever I could make.' ' I don't — I couldn't get a better,' said he, with his heart f ulL ' I never loved another and never could.' She looked into his face, and read there what be [had never once before by word or deed allowed to be revealed, and the discovery for the moment unnerved her, ' Just say the word and I'll never speak of it again,' he huskily stammered, mistaking her silence for aversion. ' I -only wanted the right to shield you and work for you.' Merry took hi3 tearful face in both her Lands and said the word without opening her lips, and in a way that banished his fear for ever. They were married shortty after in the quietest manner possible, and perhaps it make a real nice story 1 ought to end there, for both had reached the zenith of happiness. But to to be real the romance must be finished, so I will go on to the end. ISTot six months after the marriage, snd when Merry was one night playing a part on the stage, she noticed a man in the pit whose features though altered, seemed strangely familiar to her, He was .grey and haggard looking, but the flash of his eyes when they met her own nearly caused her to faint on the spot, for then she saw clearly that they belonged to Arthur Trevaile, her husband. She staggered to the side and told Charlie, snd then they got through their parts with death at their hearts. ' I am wed to you heart and soul, Charlie,' she faintly breathed when they had finished. 'Come what may, I shall never give you up.' Charlie only sighed and shivered, and then crept away to undress, and then intercept the stranger in the pit. Trevaile, however, saved him the trouble by coming round behind, and then in a kind of stupor they listened to his explanation that he had only been nearly killed in San Fran cisco, and that, hearing of the death of his father, he had come home to claim his share of the personal estate. He reproached Merry in the most bitter temi3 for marrying another without making sure he was dead, and con cluded by saying that he was done with her for ever, Ink would insist on having ftis children. Merry had never dreamed of an alternative so terrible, and she screamed out and tainted on the spot. ' I cannot live without my children and I will not give them up to such a man,' she cried, when they brought her back to consciousness, end it was there the conflict of love began, for neither she nor Trevaile would ji^ld a jot, and he had undoubtedly the law on his side. Poor Charlie tried to soothe her and con vince her that the only way cut of the diffi culty was for himself and her to part for ever tliere and then ; but the frenzied woman declared that if he left her she would kill her- i self, while on the other hand Trevaile declared j that, sooner than be reconciled to her he (. would shoot himself. They could not settle the matter that night, and Charlie' shook bands with her and crept out into the dark streets, in which he spent the whole night fighting with himself and praying for light. Moroirjg came and day passed away, and still they were as far from a settlement as ever. Trevaile had taken his children from Merry, and she was in a delirious fever, and uncon scious of all that was taking place around . her. At eight Charlie appeared like a ghost at Trevaile's lodging and piteously said — ' If I disappear where no one can ever find me will you be merciful to Merry, and forgive her and let her keep her children.' He looked so broken and pallid, with his eyes bloodshot, and his whole aspect altered, that Trevaile was moved in spite of himself, and stammered out some promise of conces sion. Then Charlie thanked him brokenly and left him. But something in his manner in- '? duced Trevaile to leave the house and follow . him. Charlie went straight to the river, at the harbor part, where it is deepest, and : dropped in like a stone. In an instant Tre vaile had raised a great outcry, and leaped in after him. He got him up by the hair of the head, and kept him on the surface till a rope was thrown down, which he fastened under the rescued man's arms, and then signalled to them to draw him up. Charlie was pulled ; up insensible, but alive ; and then the rope was let down for his rescuer. But Trevaile had vanished. Whether he had - gone down intentionally on feeling that placid drowsiness which precedes drowning creep over him, or merely been overcome with exhaustion, none could evtr tell, but drowned he was by the strangest irony of chance, as his recovered body a few hours later incontestibly proved. I believe myself that the man had something noble in him after all, or had a spark of it kindled in him by Charlie's unselfish resolve, and went down knowingly. Merry is inclined to agree wilh me, but the suspicion does not make her less passionately devoted to Cbarlie. (To be continued). 