SPQBTIHGi i ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENT. THE TURF. Bn?fci?r.— J»3epliino novcr won a rncolart season. f D O.—Tlioro waa 110 olllcial tnno taken. Wax'uoht. — Aco of Clubs was a chestnut horse, hreu in Ireland, in 1859, ami was by StoeUwciI-Irish Ctificn, by narKaway— Kmuy. oy rUu muu»-. .« j"th. .Mr. Gerard, of South Australia, imported h m to that colony in 18U0, but ho camo to Victoria the following year, and died in 1SC9. IIo got first olass Block, and wc.conshlnr The Aco tlio best of his pro fiBop Watch.— Tito sand gallop at tlio Flcmington training ground Is lj miles 10 chains 8 holes, and tho tan track measures 1 mile and 8 links rounu. J.T. Hexuau.— it liatty, Set. 101b. Subscriber.— Forest King is idoutlcai with tho steeplechaser of that name, and is in caro of Mat ScotU The other Forest King has retired to tho ''bJmihw.— ' Lonl Kosobery will not arrive liero In time to witness tho V.R.U. Spring Meeting. Constant Headou— Tho largest lield that ever Started in Australia was in the race for tho last Ladies Trophy, won by Tho Ghost, when forty-two horses came to the post. , ... . J.'M. L, Sandhurst.— Bla Bia carried 7 at. 11 lb. when she won the First Nursery Handicap at tho Inst V.Il.C. AJtutnn Meeting j tho livo furlongs occupied 1 Brown and Rose (formerly called Charming) is by the ' English bred horse Somnus, by Crest, fionmus, who ran in Barebln's Derby in XSSI, Is by Tradueer—Hammock. and was bred in Now Xoalanu. WMoKn.— Yes, Dundreary is full brother to Coquette, loth being by The Swell— Doefoot. II. U. 0., Warranooko.— Don Juan was bred in South Australia by Mr. J. Baker. JJreediir, Ballark.— Angler, Fishhook and Tho Fly wcreatl from Marchioness, by Fisherman. A. R. J. — iluzx-t ran third in tho Hurdle Raco at tho Autumn Meeting of tho Melbourne Hunt Club, 24th May, 183& Tills was his maldou appearance over tho "iittio sticks." , IV. T. ii., Eaglchawk.— Bethnal Green was a black horse, by Beadsman— Kallpyge. Ho died in 1879. Backer, Ciuncs.— SU.% afterwards re-namod Aus tralian Court, won both tho Hurdle Itaco and Steeple chase at the S.A.J.C. Antunm Mooting in 1882. Novrcx, St. Arnaud.— Tho money eliould bo put to gether and divided. lVt-.URU— 'Hie rule la sufficiently explicit, and readB thus "Ifahorao'sname ho changed, except as aforo- said, tho owner shall pay a fco of £5 to tho Victoria Racing Club, and shall notify tho alteration to tho secretary, who shall givo an acknowledgment in writ ing of tho receipt of such notification. It shall be ncccs?ary :o givo tho old natno or names as well as tho new name in ovcry nomination for 12 months from tho date of such acknowledgment, or until tho horse shall havo run on tho coureo in its new name." Joet. — 1. Euclid won by barely half a length, Bol- ladrura, i'ollio and Commotion running a dead heat for second place. 2. Hales rodo Commotion, and O'Brien was on tho winner. Tho official tiuio was 3 min. 3(JJaec. - Waocji, Uourkc-strcct— See auswer to Subscriber. Reader, Bafrnsdalc.— IIo is being trained by J. Bedfeara, at Wiliiamstown, and is owned by Mr. M. Jacobs, a member of the Ring. Wo cannot Inform you whether or not ho is a likely startar. T. U., Ballarook.— He is one and tho samo horse, and was jhrco years old at tho time ho won each raco. A. C.--TI10 sweep in question baa been opposed as being a fraud. CRICKET. Jdmor.— 1. Tho bowling crcaso must bo exactly 6 feet 8 inches in length— I.e.. 3 feet on each sido of tho wicket. 2. Unless tho bowler has one foot inaido tho return crease, he should be " no balled." J. Dawson, Costlemaine. — Boylo and Scott havo given four cups altogether, thrco of which havo been won by the Capuict club in succession, and tho fourth by tho North Fitzroy. X. X.— You had no right to Bpeak unless appealed to. Road the laws of cricket, which are very distinct on the subject. Muff.— Tho backer of Steel wins, as ho mado 135 (notout)and21, against Blackham'a 57 and 53 (not out). Gi II., Richmond,— Kendall is in Tasmania. Q.— The highest Individual score on record was mado in England bv W. N.,ltoe, B, D.—l. Tho late T. W. Wills did not accompany tho aboriginal cricketers to England. 2. Mullagh was undoubtedly tho heat batsman in the team, und in Victoria lias had very few equals and hardly a superior. FOOTBATH. Query.— Fred. Baker ami George Watson loth played v/ith tho Melbourne club. Goal.— For the ceaeon of 1882 Geelong were con- eidorcd the premiers, with South Melbourne second. K. li.— We bolicyo it is the lutontion of tho Anglo- Australian Club, who play uudcr tho Association rules, to visit Sydney next season. \- AQUAT1C3. Fuamy, Kensington.— Tho xvoid is commouly spelled H coxcwaln," but tho proper way to spell it ib cockswain. Canadian.— ! 'i will hi some time, of coureo, beforo Laycock will bo ab!o to Ecull again. We do not know. SiiioKK Oar.— It was an eight-oar contest that year, but previously was a four-oared race. ATHLETICS. P: R.— Tuin Saje.s nud Nat Laughaiu only met once, the former suffering defeat. Jujbo.— WilJlr.m AflMcr nevor fcught fcr the cliam- plov&L;'lp of the Victorian prize ring. SWIMMING. Aqua.— Wo believe that Uegarty's baths aro 50 yardaacroe from platform to platform, but to find out the uxsst width you had bolter write to tho pro prietor. CARDS. Eucnns.— Tie is quito right ; with two bowers and klug of trumps andt-vo other cards of tho loastposslblo va'oa, say two sevens, It would bo impossible for any band In tho pack to cuchro him if ho played only for a poluttnd p'ajed properly. Wo have answered this question before ; lay out the cards ou a table and you wilLsec it at a glance. Crib.—' Thebiti cuauta 24 j 12 for ITs and 12 tor tho four 4'p. B. K„ Qoorncng.— Having scored 6 you wero not entitled to tako tho other two. U. W. B.— Tire Last player does not tako ono. 