' Amusements. Theatee Botai. — The notice 'Standing room only,' is now nightly to bo found at this theatre at the entrance of the dress circle, and all other en trances, and Saturday night was no exception to the general rule. Whatever may be the demerits, liter ary or otherwise of the drama, there can be no question that it Jias nit tne public taste and is bound tor a long run. Gaiet Theatre. — ' Hamlet ' was reproduced on Saturday night at this place of amusement, with Mr. Sheridan again in the name part, and his performance was equal to any of those which have preceded it. There were one or two changes in the cast. Mr. J. P. West playing the ghost (which he did splendidly), Mr. Thorpe Bosencrautz, and Mr. Poole Guilden stern ; while the two latter also sustained the parts of the first and second gravedig gers. Miss Bella Camm, who sustained the character of Osrio on the last occasion of the representation of ' Hamlet/' being now en faged at the Eoyal, that dainty little part was taken y Mips Mowbray. These were the only changes in the cast, and the play went without a hitch from beginning to end, so far as- Mr. Sheridan, at least, was concerned. To-night 'Camille' will be pro duced with Mr. Sheridan ass Armand Duval, 'and Miss Louise Davenport as Camille. A very fine perform ance may consequently be expected. Opera House. — Another grand attendance at this theatre on Saturday attested the popularity of the Polks and the attractiveness of the ' Strategist,' which now goes with such velocity that the laughs ore increased from, about one to two 'thousand ver hour. This is announced aB the last week of these charming comedianB and this . magnificent screaming farce, for although in the height of their business and popularity, the theatre is engaged from Saturday next by the Dunning Opera Company, who on that night open in ' Boccaccio.' Next Friday Mr. Polk will takes well-earned benefit on the oc casion of hia last appearance in Sydney. We are glad to learn that, at the conclusion of tho Dunning season, the Polks will re-appear in this «ity. 