SIB. .HENBr.GEORGE'S VIEWS ONDHEXAND QUESTION.—No. 12. £Br A. W. BatmbntJ It is remarked by Mr. George that what more than anything else prevents the realiza tion of the essential injustice of private property in land, and stands in the way of a candid consideration of any proposition for jafoli^hing it, is that mental hahit which itfikes anything that has loug existed seem natural and necessary. But even if it were true that land had always been treated as jKivate properly, it is contended that it would not prove the justice or necessity .of con tinuing so to treat it, any more than the uni versal existence of slavery, which might, once hare been safely affirmed, would prove the justice or necessity of making property of ; huiman flesh and blood. Not long ago ' Monarchy 'seemed all but universal, but at tiie present , time both America and France xbanage to get on without a king; and as for the Qu^en of England and Empress of India, it is remarked that she has about as much to do with governing her realms as the wooden figurehead of a ship has in determining its course ;'and as for the other crowned heads of Europe, they sit, metaphorically speaking, upon barrels of nitro-glycerine. .."But whilp, were it true that land has always and. everywhere been treated as private property would not prove that should always be so treated, this is not true. On the contrary the common right to land has everywhere been primarily recognized, and . private ownership has ' nowhere grown up, save as the result of Usurpation.. The primary «nd persistent perceptions of mankind are that all have an equal right 'to land, and the opinion that private property in land is necessary to so eifety, is but an offspring of ignorance that cannot look beyond its. immediate surround ings-—an idea of comparatively modern growth, as artificial and as.baseless as that of the right divine of kings. . - - Histori cally, as ethically, private property in land is robbeiy. It nowhere springs , from contract, it can nowhere be traced to perceptions of justice or expediency; it has everywhere had its birth, in war and conquest, and in the selfish use which the cunning have made of superstition and law. Wherever we can trace the early history of society, whether in Asia, in Europe, in Africa, in America, or in Polynesia, land has been -considered, as the necessary re lations which human life has to it would lead to its consideration, as common property, in ■which the lights of ail who had admitted rights were equaL That is to say that all mem bers of the community (all citizens we should say) hadequalrightB to the use and enjoyment at the landof the community. This recognition of the common right to land did not pre rent the full recognition of the particular and exclusive right in things which are the result of labor, nor. was it abandoned when the development of agriculture had imposed the necessity of recognizing exclusive possession of land in order to secure the exclusive enjoy snent of the results of the labor expended in cultivating it. The' division of land between die industrial units, whether families, joint families, or individuals, only went so far as was necessaiy for that purpose, pasture and forest land being retained as common, and equality as to agricultural land, being secured, either by periodical re- division, as among the tDeutonicraces, or bj the prohibition of alien stion, as In the law of Moses." Mr. George enters upon an examination of the causes which have operated to supplant the original idea of the equal right to the use of land by the idea of exclusive and unequal' rights, iiidhfl is led to the conclusion that they' areeverJrWhere. the same which have led to the denial of . equal personal rights and the establishment of privileged classes. He says —"These cau$£s may be summarized sb the the conreotr^on of power in the t«i»fa^o£ chieftains ancLtlie military class, consequent on a state of warfare, which enabled them to monopolize common lands ; the effect of conquest, in reducing the conquered to a state of predial slavery, dividing their land among the conguerers. and in dispropor tionate share to the chiefs; the differentiation and influence of a sacerdotal class, and the differenciatipn and influence of a class of pro fessional lawyers, whose interests were served by die substitution of exclusive, in place of common, property in laud—inequality once produced always tending to greater inequality, by the law of attraction. It was the struggle between this, idea of equal rights to the soil, and'the tendency to monopolize it in indivi dual possession, that caused the internal con flicts of Greece and Some; it was the check given to this tendency—in Greece by such institutions as those of Lycurgus and Solon, and in Home by the Licinian law and sub sequent divisions jof land, that gave to each their days of strength and glory; and it was the final .triumph of this tendency that destroyed both. Great estates ruined Greeee,as afterwards great estates ruined Italy, and as the soil,^iii spi$e of the .warnings of great legislators and 'statesmen, passed finally into the posses sion t»f the few, population declined, art sank, the intellect became emasculate,, and the race in wliich .humanity had attained its most splendid development became a byword and reproach among men." The sad difference which is presented in G£eece_and Some of the present day as com pared with ancient times has been ably ex pressed by the poet Shelley— Where Athens, Rome, and Sparta stood. There is a moral desert now. The mean and miserable huts, ■The yet more wretched palaces, Contrasted with those ancient fanes Now crumbling to oblivion; The long and lonely eolonaaes, Through whichthe ghost of Freedom stalks j Seem like a well-known tune, Wliich in some dear scene we had loved to hear, Bemembered now in sadness. Bat oh! how much more changed, How gloomier is the contrast Of human natpre there! The Boman empire, says George, while it embraced the world, became in reality a shell, kept from collapse only by the healthier life of the frontiers. But the lalifundia, which had' devoured the strength of Italy, crept steadily onward, carving the surface of Sicily, Africa, Spain, and Gaul into great estates cultivated by slaves or tenants. The hardy virtues bom of personal independence died out, an exhaustive agriculture impoverished the soil, and. wild beasts supplanted man, until at length, with a strength nutured in equality, the , barbarians broke through ; Some perished; .and of a civilisation once so proud nothing was left but rains. In speaking of the feudal system, 'Which was at on.e time. so. common in Europe, it is observed ifyat it seems to be the natural result of the conquest of a settled country by a race among whom equality and individuality are yet strong; -and in this feudal system it was clearly recognised, in theory at least, that the land 'belongs to society at large, not to the individual. "A fief was essentially a trust, and to enjoyment was annexed obligation. The sovereign, theoretically the representative of the collective power and rights of the whole people, was in feudal view the only absolute owner of land. And though land was granted to individual: possession, yet in its possession ■were involved duties, by which the enjoyer of its revenues' was supposed to render back to the commonwealth an equivalent for the benefits which, from the delegation of the common right he received. . . . The general course of the development of modern civilization since the feudal period has been to the subversion of these natural and primary ideas of collective ownership in the soil. Para doxical as it may appear, the emergence of liberty from feudal bonds has been accom panied by a tendency iu the treatment of land to the form of ownership which involves the enslavement of the working classes, and which is now beginning to be strongly felt all over the civilized world, in the presure of an iron joke, which cannot be relieved by any exten sion of mere political power or personal liberty, and which political economists mistake for the pressure of natural laws, and workmen for the oppressiors of capital. . . . Turning back, wherever there is light to guide us, we may eveiywhere see that in their first percep tions, all peoples have recognized the common ownership in land, and that private property is a usurpation, s creation of force and fraud." (To be continued.) 