Donal Grant. CHAPTER XXVI. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; THINGS went on for a while, and nothing new occurred. Donal seldom met Lady Arctura, and when he did he received from her no encouragement to address her. But he could not help thinking the troubled look had begun to re-appear on her face, while in her smile, as they would pass in hall or corridor, glimmered, he thought, an expression almost pathetic something almost like an appeal, as if sho found herself in need of his help, but was not able to ask him for it. And now she was again, and more than ever, in the company ofMiss Carraichael. Donal knew this, and so had good cause to fenr that the Pharisaism of her would-be directress was coming down upon her, not like rain on the mown crass, but like snow on the Bj)ring flowers. The impossibility of piercing the lovers of tradition in any vital part, so pachydermatous are they—so utterly incapable of admitting nny argument of a spiritual nature—is a sore trial to the old Adam ntill unslain in lovers of the Truth. At tho same time to discipline is more potent in giving patience opportunity for working her perfect work. But it is well such people cannot be reached by argument, and so pci-siiudcd of the truth of the>e things ; for so they would but enter the circles of the faithful to work fresh schisms and breed fresh iroposthumes. But Donal had hcgiui to think that perhaps he had been too forbearing towards the hideous • The Bole right of publication in Queensland of Donal Grant" has been purchased by th© Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. doctrines advocated by Miss Carmichael. It is one thing where evil doctrines are quietly held, and the truth that is associated with them turned into the food of life by good people doing thoir best with what has been taught them, and quite another thing whore they lire forced upon some shrinking nature against all its most sacred instincts—some nature rendered weak to resist by the very reverence in which it excels. The finer nature, from vory inability to think of another as less pure in intent than itself, is at a great disad vantage in the hands of the coarser. He nnule up his mind that, risk as it was to enter into disputation with any worshipper of the letter, seeing that for purposes of argument the letter is so much inoro manageablo than tho spirit which while it lies in the letter un perceived lias no force—the letter worshipper being incapable of seeing that no utterance of God could possibly mean what he makes out of it—he resolved, I say, notwithstanding this consideration, to hold himself ready, and if anything was given him, to cry aloud and not spare. Nor had ho long resolved ere tho opportunity came. For a place so much unsought as I have represented the old avenue, a rather large proportion of the incidents of my narrative there occurred; it was in a great measure because of its desertion that Donal frequented it, and it was with intent, and in the pride of her confidence in her own acquaintance with Scripture, and in her power to use it, that Miss Carmichael on the occasion led her rather unwilling, rather recusant, and very unhappy disciple thitherward, in the hope, because of what she had been reporting concerning his words, of an encounter with him. Such attacks upon the old-established faith must be met, and such an obnoxious influence frus trated! It was'a bright autumn day. The trees had been sorely bereaved, but some foliage hung yet in thin yellow clouds upon their outspread patient boughs. There was plenty of what Davie called scus/din— that is, making a noise with the feet amongst the thick-lying withered leaves. But less foliage means more sunlight. Donal wns walking along, his book in his hand, now and then reading a little, and now and then looking up to the half-bared branches crossing and mingling ho inextricably over his head, now and then, like Davic, sweeping a cloud of the fallen multitude before him. He was in this childish act when, looking up, he saw the two ladies approaching a few yards in front. But lie did not see the peculiar look Miss Carmichael threw her companion—" Behold your prophet!" it said. He would have passed with a lifted bonnet, but Miss Carmichael stopped—with a smile which was bright because it showed her good teeth, but was not pleasant because it showed nothing else. "Glorying over the fallen, Mr. Grant?" she said. Doniil in his turn smiled. "That is scarcely Mr. Grant's way," said Arctura—"so far, at least, as I have known him!" "Poor children !" said Miss Carmichael, feeling or affecting a sympathy with the fallen leaves, and looking down on them compassion ately. "Pardon me," said Donal, "if I grudge them your pity; it soems to mo misplaced. There is nothing more of children in those leaves than there is in the hair that falls on the barber's floor." " I don't think it vory gracious to pull a lady up so sharply," returned Miss Carmichael. "I spoke poetically." "There is no poetry in what is not true," re joined Donal. 7| Those are not the children of the tree." "Of course! I know that," she answered, with properly moderated scorn at being mis understood; " a tree has no children, but " "A tree no children !" repeated Donal. "What then are all those beech nuts among the fallen leaves? They arc the children of the tree !" " Lost like the leaves!" sighed Miss Car michael, willing to shift her ground. " Why do you say they are lost ? They must fulfil the end for which they were made; and if so" " What end were they made for ?" "I do not know; but who can tell what they do for the ground? One thing we know, that, if they were all to grow up beech trees, they would be a good deal in the way." " Then you mean there are more seeds than are required ?" "No, surely; for I do not know what is required of them—or how necessary it may bo for the true life of the tree to produce them all." " But you must allow that some things arc lost!" said Miss Carruichael. " Yes, surely !" answered Donal; " why else •hould He have to come and look for them till He find them ?" This was hardly such an answer as the theologian had expected, and she was not immediately ready with her rejoinder. " But some of them are lost after all!" she said. " Doubtless," replied Donal; "some of His sheep run away again. But He goes after them again." " Does He always ?" "Yes." " I do not believe it." "Then you do not believe that God is infinite ?" "Yes, I do." "How can you? Is not the Lord God merciful and gracious ?" "lam glad you know that." " But if His mercy and His graciousness arc not infinite, then He is not infinite." " There are other attributes in which He is infinite." " But He is not infinite in them all. He is not infinite in those which are the most beautiful, the most divine, the most Christ like ! Just in those He is measurable, bounded, not infinite ?" "I do not care for human argument. I so by tho word of God." fc *' Let me hear, then." Now it had so fallen that the two ladies were talking about the doctrine of adoption when they came up to Donal, and so this was the first thing to occur to the champion of orthodoxy. "There is the doctrine of adoption," she said, "one of the most precious, if one may say so, in the whole Bible; does not that even teach us that God chooses to make some His children and not others? He adopts some, and leaves the others out. If you say that then He is not infinite in mercy, when the Bible ■ays he is, you are guilty of blasphemy." But if Miss Carmichael was a little astonished at what she accounted, after her own reasoning, a denial of the infinitude of God'aimercy, (where Donal was only^denying that to be infinite which she called infinite, and so asserting the real infinitude, she was very much astonished at what he said next. In a tone calm even to solemnity he said : " God's mercy is infinite ; and the doctrine of adoption is one of the falsest of all the doctrines invented, in its own bitter lack of the spirit whereby we cry Abba, Father, by the so-called Church, and used by yet less loving teachers to oppress withal the souls of God's true children, and scare them from their Father's arms." " I hate sentiment!" said Miss Carmichacl almost fiercely. " You shall have none," returned Donal. " Tell me what is meant by adoption?" "The taking of children," said Miss Oar michael, who was sharp enough already to see a rock ahead, "and treating them as your own." " Whose children ?" asked Donal. " Anyone's." "Whose, I ask," repeated Donal, "are the children whom God adopts ?" Here was the rock. Her bark was upon it, and Miss Garmichael was a little staggered. But she pulled up courage and said: "The children of Satan." "But if Satan made them, how are they to be blamed for doing the doeds of their father?" " You know very well what I mean. Satan did not make them. God made them, but they have sinned and fallen." " Then did God repudiate them ?" "Well, yes." "And they became the children of another?" "Yes, of Satan, as I said." "Then, first, God disowns his children, and then when they are the children of another makes them his own again by adoption? Is that like a father ? Because his children do not please him, he repudiates them altogether till another takes them up, and then he wants them again—not, however, as his own,-but as the children of the other requiring to be adopted to be his ! The old relation of their origin has no longer any force, any reality, with their very own father!" "Even you dare not surely say that the wicked are the children of God just the same as the good." " That be far from me! Those who do the will of God are ten times more his children than those who do not; they are born then of the highest part of the divine nature, of the nature of Jesus Christ, which is obedience. But, if they were not in the first place and in the most profound fact the children of God, they could never become his children in that higher, yea, highest, sense by any fiction of adoption. Do you think if the devil could create, his children could ever become the children of God? But you and I, and the most wretched self-lover ever born, are all the children of God to begin with. That is what makes all the misery and all the hope. Hence we must become his children in heart and soul, or bo for ever wretched. If we ceased to be his, if the relations between us were destroyed, which is impossible, then there would be no redemption possible, for there would be nothing left to redeem." " You may reason as you please, Mr. Grant, but while Paul teaches the doctrine I will hold it. He may perhaps know a little better than you." "St. Paul teaches no such doctrine. He teaches just what I have been saying. The word is used for adoption, but the original of it is a placing in the position of a son, and he applies it to the raising of one who is a son to the truo position of a son." " It seems to me more presumptuous in you than I can say to take on you to determine what the apostle meant." " Why, Miss Carmichael, do you think the gospel comes to us as to a set of fools? Is there any way of receiving a message other than by first understanding the message? I am bound by the express command of the Master to understand the things he says to me. He commands me to see their rectitude, because, they being true, I ought to be able to see them true. In that hope I read my Greek Testament everyday. But it is not necessary to know Greek to see what St. Paul means by adoption. You have only to consider his words with intent to find out his meaning—not to find in them the teaching of this or that community. In the epistle to the Galatians, whose child does he speak of as adopted ? It is the father's own child, his heir, who differs nothing from a slave until he enters upon his true relation to his father—the full condition of a son. So also in another passage by the same word he means the redemption of the body—our passing into the higher condition of outward things fit for the sons and daughters of God—becoming such in all the grandeur and glory of the revelation completed even outwardly—the heavenly condition of things as differing from the earthly. Then we are no more like aliens, but like what we are, the children of the house. Any use of a single word St. Paul says to oppress a human heart with the feeling that it is not my birth, making, origin, or whatever word of closer meaning can be found, the child of God comes of the devil, the father of evil, and not either of St. Paul or of Christ. Why, my lady," Donal went on, turning to Arctura, " all the evil lies in this— that He is our father and we are not His children. To fulfil the very necessities of our being we must be His children in brain and heart, in body and soul and spirit, in obedience and hope and gladness and love—his out and out beyond all that tongue can say, mind think, or heart desire. Then only is our creation fulfilled—then only shall we be what we were made for, and made capable of, and what we are troubled on all sides that we may become." He ceased. Miss Carmichael was astonished and intellectually cowed, but her heart was nowise touched. She had never had that long ing after closest relation with God which sends us feeling after the Father. But, taking courage under the overshadowing of the wing of the divine, Arctura spoke. " I hope what you say is true, Mr. Grant!" she sighed. "Oh yes, hope! we all hope ! But it is the word we have to do with, not hope," said Miss Carmichael. "I have given you the tme word," said Donal. But as if she heard neither of them, Arctura went on "If it were but true,"she almost moaned, "it would set right everything on the face of the earth." " You mean far more than that, my lady !" said Donal. "You mean everything in the human heart, which will to all eternity keep moaning and crying out for the Father until it is in very truth one with its own nearest, only real, relation in the universe or in the scope of the divine imagination itself, which is creation original and potent. All other relations whatever are but the outcome and necessity from the all- embracing relation to Him." Judging his work to be over, Donal here lifted his bonnet, and would have passed on. " One word, Mr. Grant," said Miss Car michacl. Donal stopped. " It is but fair to warn you," she said, " that no roan holding such doctrines can honestly desire to become a clergyman of the Church of Scotland." " The worse for the Church of Scotland !" said Donal, laughing; " but, as Ido not desire to hold relation with it or any other Church, except that of love to every member of the one only real Church, you need have no anxiety lest I should use its organisation for the spread of the truth—for the <truth of God that which I have spoken I believe with ray whole soul to be." "Thank you from my heart, Mr. Grant!" said Lady Arctura, as again he took his leave of them. When he was gone, the ladies resumed their walk in silence. At length Miss Carmichael spoke, and thus : "Well, I must say, of all the conceited young men I have had the misfortune to meet, your Mr. Grant is the first in self-assurance and forwardness." "Are you sure, Sophia,"rejoined Arctura, ithat it is self-assurance, and not conviction or the truth of what ho has to say, that gives him the courage to speak as he does '!" " How can it be when it is not true ?—when it goes against all that has for ages been taught and believed ?" " What if God should now be sending fresh light into the minds of His people ?" " The old is good enough for me." " But it may not be good enough for God! What if Mr. Grant should be His messenger to us?" " A likely thing, indeed! A mere student from the north, raw from the college !" "No matter I I cannot help a profound hope that ho may be in £he right after all. Was not that the way they spoke in the old time, when they said, ' Can any good thing come out of Galilee?1" " Ah, I see the influence has gone further with you than I had hoped 1 You are infected not merely with his doctrine but with his frightful irreverence! To dare the comparison of that poor creature with Jesus Christ!" '* If he were a messenger of Jesus Christ," said Arctura, quietly—"f neither say he is or he is not—but the reception you now give him would be precisely what he would expect, for the Lord said the disciple should be as his Master." The words entered and stung. Miss Car michael stopped short, her face in a flame, but her words were cold and hard. "I am sorry," she said, "our friendship should come to so abrupt a conclusion, Lady Arctura; but It is time it should end when you can speak so to me, who have for so many years done ray best to help you ! If that is the first result of your new gospel—well! Re member who said, 'If an angel from heaven preach any other gospel to you than I have preached, let him be accursed!'" She turned back to go again down the avenue. "Oh, Sophia! do not leave me bo," cried Lady Arctura. But Sophia was already yards away, her skirt making a small whirlwind that went following her among the withered leaves. Arctura burst into tears, and sat down at the foot of one of the great beeches. Miss Carmichael never looked behind her, but went straight home. She met Donal again in the avenue, for he, too, had turned. Once more he uncovered his head, but she took no notice of him. She had done with him—probably to all eternity! Those horrible new views! Her poor Arctura! Donal was walking quietly back with his book, on which, however, he now looked more than he read, trying with but partial success to dismiss the thought of what had occurred, when a little fluffy fringe of one of poor Lady Arctura's sobs reached his ear. He looked up, and saw her sitting like one rejected, weep ing. He could not pass and leave her thus! But he approached her slowly, that she might have time to get over the worst of her passion. She heard his step in tke gathered leaves, glanced up, saw who it was, buried her face for one moment in her hands, then sought her handkerchief, raised her head, and rose with a feeble attempt at a smile. Donal saw and understood the smile. She would not have him feel any compunction as the cause of what had taken place. " Mr. Grant," she said, coming towards him, "St. Paul said that, should an angel from heaven preach any other gospel than his, he was accursed. ' Let him be accursed,' he said. Even an angel from heaven, you sec, Mr. Grant! It is terrible!" " It is terrible, and I say amen to it with all my heart," replied Donal. " But the gospel you have received is not the gospel of Paul, but one substituted for it—by no angel from heaven, neither with any design of substitution, but by men with hide-bound souls, who, in order to get them into their own intellectual pockets, melted down the gold of the kingdom and recast it in the moulds of wretched legal thought, learned of the Romans, who crucified their Master. Grand childlike heavenly things they would explain by vulgar worldly notions of law and right! But they meant well, seeking to justify the ways of God to men, therefore the curse of the apostle does not fall, I think, upon them. They sought a way out of their difficulties, and thought they had found one, when in reality it was their faith that carried them over the top of their enclosing walls. But gladly would I see dis comfited such as, taking their inventions at the hundredth hand, and moved by none of the fervour of those who first promulgated the doc trines, lay them as the word and will of God —lumps of iron and heaps of dust—upon the live, beating, longing hearts that cry out after their God—vanished afresh in the clouds these have raised around the Master, the express image of the Father's person." " Oh, I do hope what you say is true!'' panted Arctura. " I think I shall die if I find it is not!" " You can find nothing but what the Lord teaches you. If you find what. I tell you untrue, it will be in not being enough—in not heiii£ grand and free and bounteous enough. To think anything too good to be true is to deny God—to say the untrue is better than the true—to commit the sin against the Holy Ghost. It will be something better and better, lovelier and lovelier, that Christ will teach you. Only you must leave human teachers altogether, ana give yourself to Him to be taught. If there is any truth in these thing, then Christ is in the world now as then, and within our call." "I will try to do as you tell me," said Arctura, holding out her hand. "If them ia anything that troubles you," said Dotial, as ho took it. " I shall be most glad to try and help you ; but it is better there should not be much talk. The thing lies be tween you and the living light." With these words he left her. Arctnra followed slowly to the house, and went straight to her own room, her mind tilling as she went with alow reviving strength and a great hope. No doubt there came some of her relief in the departure of her incubus friend ; but that would have soon vanished in fresh sorrow but for the hopo and strength to which this departure yielded the room to spring up in her heart. By the time she saw her again she trusted she would be more firmly grounded in her ideas concerning many things, and would be able to set them forth aright. She was not yet free of the notion that you must be able to argue in defence of your convictions ; that you are hardly at liberty to say you believe a thing so long as anyone is able to bring up an argument against it which you only see and cannot show to be false. Alas for us if our beliefs, went no further than experience or logic, or an embracing understanding evon of the beliefs themselves could justify them! Alas for our beliefs, if they arc not what we shape our liveB,,our actions,,our aspirations, our hopes, our repentances by! Donal was glad indeed to think that now at length an open door stood before the poor girl. He had been growing much interested in ncr, as one on whom life lay heavy, one who seemed ripe for the kingdom of heaven, in whose way stood one who would neither enter herself nor allow to enter her that would. She was indeed fit for nothing but the kingdom of heaven, so much was she already the child of Him whom hitherto she had but longedafter, not daring to call Him her father. But his regard for her was entirely that of the gentle strong towards the weak he would fain help. He had been doubtless gratified by the confidence she placed in him now and then, but, poßsibly, if he had cared more for her, he might have taken less good-humoured pains to satisfy her in the matter of the authorship ; about this I aia not sure. But now that he could hope of her that she was fairly started on the path of life — namely, towards the knowledge of Him who is the life—he felt his care over her grow more tender, though still and always that of the stronger whose part it is, divinely ordered, to serve the weak, to minister of that whereby the weak may grow strong. Few men could be more aware than he that the presence of the purest personal ends must cast doubt upon the best teaching. Whoever speaks for himself must be a liar. Therefore he never sought opportunities of what is called doing good; he always waited till such were given him. In tclb'ng this I judge no one; I merely narrate. And I beg my reader to remember that there is an active as well as a passive waiting. But when he saw that a word was required of him, who more ready than he ? for his hour was then come. After this, he rather than otherwise avoided meeting Lady Arctura—certainly, at least, he did not seek her. Whether she at all sought him, I can hardly Bay; I think not; I am sure only that for a good many days they did not so much as see each other. [TO BE CONTINUED. J 