HOW THE CZAR IS CROWNED. 0o (PALL MALL BUDGETI , GII Fr APIL.) s As the: coronation is ' ono of tihe rmost brilliant cerpieiioo s in the world; ii the following descri tion of it (firoi a;' :ussihn sourrce) mrir ' bsr ra with in teres: 'lie great cereimonyy has al !ways olieen:performod. iitlit Church:I1 of the' Ioly 'Asosioniptioi,r within. the a walls of the Kremlin at Moscow. Tlhe great. Kremlin- is an't octagon plot of ground of maniy nores on a hlih eleva- " tion, surrounded by highiwalls and forts ' fications,. and. costainis four Crown pa. laces, three cathedrals, the headquarters of tho Imperial Guards; the Coverrnor' Ci residence, a university;, and a number el of monasteries anrid nuoeries. The tip- I pearaice of tlo Kremlin isvery strikiiig, 'I as the walls are white, andi the fortifica- u tions emerald? groens the entraices .roses tinted, and tlih roof; of tl.i. cathedral gilded, theo wh ole formingi nawondorful comnbiiation. Tliie coronation pro- ti cession: begins, to form at th!r cavalry C barracks' four miles distant from theio P Kremlin. . Early in rthe day appointed' ;for the tl ceremony sixty heralds, mriounted onb cream-colored hirses and' commanded t1 by a master of ceremonies,: appear be- h fore tho.gatcs of tlie barraiks arid blow tl a salvo, upon. whicl: the colonel of the. regiment appears and asks what they I want of himir " The Ozar's coniemands , then follow me," is' the answer,; and' te t i gatei aretlirown openand? tlisreiment, c which has been oepectiir' the summons, a `gallops out' andt follows, thei liainlds. The heralds: then, proceed,: to thei bar racks of the Lancers,: where, the same thingtakes place, then to the university, then to the: Catliedral of St Nicholas, where tlhe clergy jons tliohe procession, tlhen to toe laiv-courts, where the judges fall in,.to the. headquarters of the mar shal, of the ;nobility,; thel staff- bflicers, 7 the noevera: processions; thoe governors, tlheo prefects;, tho deptations from every 1 parb of tlioh empir;, the. tiiide .guilds, &c.;, egcb" bodyjoinisg at, ' separate place, and all.being: suriismned by. the, herald, as in. the firs.t se .The pro cession goes eon swelling until it reaches enormous proportionsi as:miuch as that ,when the heaod ofiti arrives 'at the 'Kremlin, the tail is at the other end of town. ' rrivir"g at St. Demetrihs gate they finid ite losod- 'Tie, hieralds' then blow their tru snpetsand the commander of the.. citadeul appears? and:, demanids what thoy wait, to:wliicli the crowdlre plies ".This Cezar." r Andwliat, for 1t I asks the doah mimader. '" To crown liin i the most:poiverful of thropowerful:," 'ii dlie rply;,.anid tle gates fly open. TThe 1 MotropolitaBnof lMoscow, Kazani,Nov-i gored,: and Kielhl,here. head. tie, pro cession; and, witlithe deputations. from e very part'of" the empireoithey adlvaince to theiepalaee ard: form sin front of it. Tlihes deputationa, onsist o?? RussLanir Roumanians, Kirghiz. Chinese. M!i in golians, Barlhkirs," Poles? Georgians, sCircassiansi Caliiucks, Armenian's, Tur s keimans,,Tartars,.Exquimnuxi,Afgharns '. Bulgarians,. Laplanders, Mongolians;? FinnsePersians, 'and'Bokharians, all`ini their respective national costumees." Th' Metropolitans then- advanced and call upon the Czar 'to'dome forwardiiupson which he appears at tho porticos dressed' t in thieuniformn of a colonel of th'e Im perial Gurds, wvith tho Empiress,droiised as a IRussian peasant, on his arms. The instant the deputationsr' are aware'of 1 the Imperial, presencn thoeyjr leel;`and. i lng asked by the; Czar what they? a want. of him, theo Metropolitan of' iIas cow, replies that they Ihive heon sentf?ur ;and wide to see their Czar annoihted,' sr that they can return to their homes and. assure, those who. sent:'then' that th' '1 Czar is 'erily, tho.Lord's:afinoinited, arnd' that thbiv may obey none but him.: 'Thence: all proceed to,the.Cathedral'of the Holy, Assumption,-?the GCzar"hi' 1 Czarina walking Ibetwoon.vtho bishops and the deputations ..Arriving at the church, the Czar and his wife are shown to 'oirdinarythroiine near 'those of the bisholps, and the. epecial' service imimlediately :beglns After tho.e'rst lessor is;read the metro politans conduct tho Erirporor and ]'ii; p press to a canopy of-scarlet volvet, richly embroidrired in gold, the prin. .ipal figure being, the double-headed Russida. eagle., Under this canopy is an i elevated platformn upon w.hilri.char thr historical : throne of thie Czar Vladimir Mononiagiuoand. ai ordiniry Sarm-chair for the Empress, also;a tabile 1 upon whichlare the s eeptro and crown R of Constantinoes "oionomacthus, 'a sword a-nd a mantle of ermine. Thioe pobles r now advance from .the south. of tihe 1 athedral alnd surrounding tihe platform draw their swords and place ihem at the feet of the Czari. Tihe lishop of Kazan then asks the Emperor-in a -loud voice t if he is a true believer, to which he replies by reading the Lord'r. Prayer en ad tha Apostles' Creed of the Greek I ,Church. Time Bihlop next says: If there be any of you here present I' knowing anly .impediment for which t Alexander, son of Alexandrl(or other a name), ahoul nrot he crowned Iy tihe Sgracer of Godl, Emiperor anll Autocrat a oIf All tire Russiar, of Moscow, of ;Kie', of Vladimnir, of Norgornd: Czar Sof KazUearn, of Aetrakhani, of Polinrl, of i Siberia, of Khrrssr-'Pnaurinda, of Grousri, I Gosouldar of Pskoln'; Grand l)Ituke of Smolonalk, of Litlhuania, of Volhynia; of Podolia, nid of 'Finland ; Prince of Estlhonia, of Livonia, of Courland, of Semigalia,.. of the ,Samoyde,, of Biel :nstok, of Corelia,oflFoer, of Incor, of Perui', of Viatka, of Bhlgarlii, and of other countriew:; Msaster.e' and Grand Duke of- thu Lownr Coliittie'sin rNor gorod; of Tohernigolf, " of' Riazan, rf IPolotsk, of; Rostoff,,,of::Jnrbslaif,. of Biolosersk,: ofOutdobrk;'of' Obdorsk, of Kondisl, of Vitelik, of M~ tilaiif, and of all.the co"unitri~ of the N lorth. Master Absolute of Irsiot f, i.iK.'alnisak, of. Keb?rdin?k aid of the territory of Armennia'; Soover iiit of l1iounltain Princes of: Tel;hrikaiskk,;,;lpster of 'Tirkestan, Mir Priesuilptive of Nor wlay, rindl Duke .ofr Sleswvick.Bolstein, of Stormarnon;:of ,Ditliniarse, and of Oldenburg,.lot, himT como;forwprd now, in thue,name of thorMHoly Trinity, and show-what; thorimpdimped iti'is,.or let liim romain.dumb'for 'eveor' l . Thin is repeated "tlihre ezmes and uponi no olectioin being raise}, he lays his hand upon? the henadl'of?tfe Czar, 'hlio iinmediately rke?ki?, ,At this point, the~ Metropolitan: of Moscow takei the mantilo of, ermineafom the ,table and throws it?iover..the kneeling Czar, saying,, .Covers and.. protect thy people as thiin robe covers and protects thee .;'the Emperoriroplyingtl' I will, I will, I will, : God lielping; ' and kiam the. prolate's. hand; :-Thiel'Bihop of Novgorod .now .:pliices?i't o sceptro in the Czar's hand :;saying;! 'i May thine hand whichhioblde this withler the day thou art" unjust; ' the answer beiang, "' Bo it so," rifter _which the, Bishop of Ki?f placceethe c'own upoli the- Empe ror's head., At thii point'the Empress kneels:ieside berlienhr l?nilid wrhb partly coveras lheriith tl e l c''l';li:k `of ermine, and'aliso hold hitis, crown iabove: her head ,for a fev, seconds,, without;, how ever, placing it.upon:heir had. The Czar and,,,OCzarina 'rotemnain in prayer: for severalminuiinute amid a. deadly silenc"e,: andi the instant they rise to their feet;, lishops, nriobles, depu tations, clergy and'anll preeneti kneel to them, lshouting, " Long livi the zar.l" The cryis taken' up by the 'ihundreds of thousanidss who are outs'ide, the lieralds souodtitheir trumpii ets, guns are fired, andi bellsCjre ,rung. i,Th.e Czar commandai ,thu .ipoopleitorrise, and'is again, surrounded by. the nobles, who receive. their. swords back..from: the Imperial hands, the EmperorI , saying, ""It is thy country'si," to '~hich the noble replies,; "'ndmy Czars." Mass isi again resumed;: and thate Emperor proceeds alone -to,thaousaltri ;tpassing through, the GoldennGtes ofthe Icono stasini, which, are closed?ilIeliud him, thous hiding lisii from veow, Here, after partaking of thieII oly Coiunion,. theo Metropolitan' of lMoscoi 'iinnoints Ihis head,: temples, eyelids, lips;'nostrils,. ears,,. breastsad, ? nd.mhunls,,,aeying : °i Blehold tile seal of th? oHoly, Ghost; Smay it ,iua1p thiee ever ily" The Gates of tlio Icoilostaiiini are'rropened,. ithnC?zar appears befotre them;: and is hailed.with,shouts of,. !Thouacrt verily byithe Lord,annointed:',? The mpress advances to,the:sanctuary, andi kneels to her lord, who; bide herrise;,ilnd they walk out of:the:atlm edralar..n in arm.. At the' door is a, gildedl:eohlrio,: drawns ibytwelve;wlhitol horses,:intoi which: they. ester, thprinces, othdr menibers qf the:Imperialfanmily;foreignmionarchs, guamts,. ,:,,entering'r others State ;chariots.¶..Tlo.pro~onasion again forms. ana,it didi alnpproashingitlho.aKremlin, ad, with itsno iv,,.additibneai:l moves slowly., through. lthlo:gailyj hdacorated town; , According .to:an: ,oldi,custom,. the..zar's, carriage,, instead.of being guarded by troops, isn surrounded by one hundredimnaidens belonging to the Ihost, Russian: families, nll.,dresed in white and holiday, garlands ofidfowers. r Court,halls and receptions begin in the eovening and.last for a fortniglht, after wlhich thal court returns to .:BLPoters urg . i . In France,,murderersare eioppelled;, blesides beingl condimned to, d?th, to Spay a:lieavy com?pensation ,in noney to. their victim's famnily-ithat is,, course, Sif theyl have it ii tlheiro ossrpq pn. A, :ARussian travellerin'i the 'dslaya. Peninsula claims, ibt-is saidi to have foundidn use there, thp emallestb " coin' in. th. world. , Itdis a miniute wafer made; fromi the, juice;.ofal tree. It's. value is about the .:millidnthiplhrt of a. dollar. SA :foot-race (says? the ""'fanaro. i Mercury") has heeon-arrangied bletweenr iTom Spring, of' :Cooma;' tind B. M'Tiernanm' of: Miidlago;' 150 yarde, :£100 a-silo. ; Tlhii":atbo tc iw-ill take place insCooma in six:weeks"tinia d ur frozen meat tradq is.likely to be a somnwhalt effected by thq, views. of a o writei to the', " London. Standard," u who' has been sent as., a speooial, corre .o spoidist to Madagascar. 'He ays n that 7501h. hullooks can he purchased e as. low as fromi three to four dollars in each, and that the cattle iare bf thd r best breeds, andl carry the hummp'which k is such a favorite dish withl the yourmels.' The enrcareses'ani 'placed I on board' in thorough' pruplartion for/ II £4. It imust be rmetomeheri'le rao, tlmati' SMadingascsar is but four wooks' sail' Sfroes Englinnd, while we at'refim sih t to sacvnes, It-will thus hie sees that we I are likely to have a fdrisidanlo'oival in r our mient trade, fon we canndot Iub if suppiose that European capitalists will i, I rlady to sno'i, seh a ftv?orablR if investment for tf irir capital.-" Ararat ; Advertiser." 