;1N, THE VICrORIA-N SENATE, ( By tho Olios t.) ' Evil communication!',' --«' lb' copy books toll uB, ''' corrupt good manners,' Bo after the Council lincl gone througli* tho business oil the notice paper, iu tho orthodox way, mi mbers adjourned to some mysterious place .,|„I I, alii n ' enllfilis.' I HUDDOSe it 13 Oil tllO principle that bread ealon iu svecrul is sweet, that these illegitimate lneelinifs of legisla tors afford pleasure lo honourable members. Any way in secret conclave the (Upper House resolved lint although thoy wijro not what villi e persons would style ' in* tho swim, they would pass the Payment of Members. Bill. This resolve lalces fioui their future ?proceedings any interest, with which they might under different circumstances huvo been invested. There was at ouo time some talk of including tbe colonial peers in a mea sure grunting ' reimbursement' — I love tho, word — tbe honourable members. But wiser; counsels prevailed. Perhaps: honourable gentlemen in tho Assembly thought lliat, hs it v?as pretty certain tho Council would reluso to be paid, they might make the refusal ex tend to the Lower Chamber of llie Legislu tnre also. Any way for the present only tho Assembly is to receive 'the sugar.' Nothing now remains' lor their ' lordships' to do except to re-inact a nurabar of laws, tho bills for which havo boen sent up for the Assem bly, and then tlio Chamber can be swept up iu leadiness for his Excellency. Tuesday's proceedings in tho Assembly ? nw.mhnrj. were awircav. . a ... ? ? , \vhilo$ilia bill to reimburse them was still banging in mid air like Mahomet's coffin, wero in tlifei r best behaviour and determined to let the country see that they could really work if so disposed. During the whole even ing thoro wub no speech making — no talk in dnlged in for tho shocr love of talking, by anybody. Mr Bowman, it is triu\ brought forward somo Maryborough requirements. But thon Mr Bowman is— Parliamentary speaking— nobody, and as Maryborough al ways wants something, his representa'.ive s lamentations create little sympathy. Mr 'ihnn f Timnr. ITnnn mv word, I wish he'd go lo tho island that bearB tho name, and nover, never, never como back. Perhaps though the climate, although suit able to its own indiginous breed, might not suit 'ponies' of the Jerusalem sort. The only fact worthy ef record which the usual fire of questions to Ministers drew forth was that dnring its twenty ono months of existence tho late Ministry only appointed 452 Justices of tbePeaco. As there are al together some 2000 on the roll, it is ovident great discriminations has been displayed in the choice of genilotnen permitted to affix the magic letters J.P. after their patronymics. If ever it should lie my fate to becouie Minister of Justice or Attorney- General, I shall appoint every mule adult in my con stituency. With every man in tho locality sworn to 'koep the peace' thero would nevor be any rows, and at el out ion times thore would , ? ? ? J1 ? ? \l Atrial l^n'l AO ue no routsu egga ujius ui-uui. it.u6.o..«v™ ns a r«lo do not use these missiles — except iu Richmond. Chivalry is not dead yet. We have nol, it ia true, in the present day knights who like him of La Manche ran tilts at windmills. On the contrary, in our days it is generally tho ' windmills' in the Assembly that themsolvos run the tills. Mr Mirams has constituted himself the squire of the late Ministry, and broke a lance on their behalf. Talk of Cocker aud Colenso ! Why, when tlio mom- j ttut* tnr P„lliiiiriviinrl likes, lie can — metaphor- ically of course— knocked those livo figure moiigors into a cocked hat. Ho trotted out string after string, row upon row, of his darling figures, and when he had ranged l hem in martini array, hurled them at tho head of the unfortunate treasurer. Just as the first Napoleon flung his heavy cavalry, in charge after charge, at tlio British squares at Water? loo. Unliko the great Duke, however, Mr Ser vice could not repel tho evening's attack. It was not his fault, ho said, if ho had wronged his predecessor. 'Tho figures he had quoted (had been furnished him by the Undor-Treasurer.' What sneaking fellows these permanent hoads of departments must be to bo sure ! No sooner does Mr Bent clear out of the Railway Department than the officials thoro sot to work to point out all his shortcomings to his successor, and those of tho Public Works Department per form the same good natured office in regard to Mr Young, I was about to liken them to the Parsees, who koo too to the rising sun, but, the similo would not hold^ good as tho followers of Towartor worship tho sotting sun also. In the encountor with the head of ho Government, Mr Mirams camo off with flying colours, and but for the rules of the House, which strictly forbid any manifesta tion of foiling by outsiders, I should havo greoted the statement of tho member for Collingwood that the Treasurer reminded him of the professional quack who persuades his uot very sick patient lhat he is on the point of death, in order to oaru tho kudos of saving him, with most hearty applause. Mr Billson having expressed his anxiety lo see evorybody taxed except members of Par liament — for his proposition lo levy an impost on all incomes over £300 a year, amounts virtually to tho same thing— and the fears of various other houourablo gentlemen having beou allayed by minislcrial replies of tho usual meaningless character, tho llivlivay Construction Bill authorising the ' lino through the ail,' as tho viaduct connecting ; Sponccr and Finders streets stations was onco called by ono of Mr Woods' oppononts, was agreed to, and tho Appropriation Bill passed through all its stagos except the final one. The third reading is kept as a sort of rod iu pickle wherewith to quicken tho energies of tho Council should its members become ob Btroporous, 'and the Payment of Members Bill not having yet passed its ordcul in the Upper Chamber, tho Assembly deemed dis cretion the better part of valour, and so to speak kept its ' quid' uutil it got its i- quo' — which ' quo' by the way consists 'quids.' Wednesday evoiiing, until tho refresh ment hour marks tho cessation of the babble, iB devoted to tho business of private mem: be'rB, who therefore indulge in a Parliamen tary two hours 'go as you please.' After the ububI .preliminary lire of .questions, Mr Wrixon led off at a slashing pace, with a motion expressing approval of the announced policy of the abolition of political patronage in connection with tho civil service.. Knowing iho'honourable members' peculiaritieB/I could not'help wondering whether, having talkod most eloquently in favour , of the plan, ho would vote against its being put into prac tice. This thought, however, is a degression. Mr M'Leao, in his broadest Doric supported tho member for PoJtlund, and after Mr Ser k '? ',v Hi ' ' ? .' vice had littered alow sauve nothings, and asked Mr AVrixon not to 'tie tho hands of tlio Government,' tho olect of Portland ;pro coeded to show his faith in his own motion, by withdrawing half of it. Other honour able gentlemen who had put qunsiions on tlio notice pap.er, doulitloss with a viow of letting the country see how zealously its interest* woro guarded, having gravely postponed ask ing them until ' next week' — when, lliiink goodness, tliey will for a tiino have ceased from troubling — ami a savoury odour pervad ing the chamber — to ina it smelt like rump steak nnd onions — from the regions presided oyeiyby Mr,. .Gregory, ail . adjournment was agreed to until' such liiiio as the . news nho'tilil reach 'thimi- thai llio bill of tlio session :liad Jieen jiassod byillie otliei^ chamber. ; '' At length llie wished for moment' — as that good (ild, fa8hjotie.il song The- Bay Biscay'' has it— arrived. The .Speaker took the chair at a few 'inintiles after nine and an nounced that 'the Council; ha3| passed1 thai Payment -if Member's liill.^,, J^eVof/perjiiip's, was more self-control exercised by honour aoie meiiioers. not a uai. was uirown up — not a choer greeted Ihe wfilcoiiio new's. And yet the assurance that lliey were safe to re ceive £300 a year must have been to many ? tidings. quite as joyful as thoy were to I)r Pangloss, when told, in tho Heir at L-w, that that amount was henceforth to bo his;1 After this the proceedings were dull. The third reading of the Appropriation ; Bill, was passed, and the Mouse rose at the unusually early hour of ten, resolving to meet for the prorogation at two o'clock next day. Thursday's proceedings need no chroni cling. Thoro was tho usual .display of calves aud cocked h;its incidental' to such oc casions, and the Governor in reading the few words put into his month by his advisers, mado the usual amount of mistakes. As His Excellency is ut present rusticating in the country, ho, could not, us I am sure lie deserved, ask honourable members to dino | with him. , Mr Lulor having shaken hands all rounu, proceeded to tano on ins wig ana gown, and tho maco having been securely locked np in its cbfiin-like case; tho chambers of the hogislaturo were deserted. : Thank Heaven it will bp wolf on in, July , ere they again echo' to tlio 'bloquenoe of honourable members! . . . 