THE EDUCATION QUESTION. TO HIE EDITOR OF TIIE COCKIELL. "Heaven and cirth shiU pass atriv; bat my uOTtfj shall not pas i airar." SIB,—Now that my journalistic opponents have ha J their say, and tlieir Christmas dinner to boot, I suppose they naturally expect from me a brief rejoinder. Talking o£ Christmas, this festival conjures up many hallowed associations; and, putting questions of innovation and datal matters aside, the great ostensible object for celebrating th season is to glorify, by a grateful and joyous commemoration of His first advent amongst the sons of men, the Incarnate Word — the Lird Jes Christ. ("Aud the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us." John 1, xiv.) Bat it is also important to bear in mind that the Written "Word is one of the representatives of the Incarnate JTonl—our now absent Lord. No genuine Christian will dispate this. Yet the fact stares ns in )he face that thousands of our colonists who are so demonstrative at this season in celebrating the birth of the Incarnate Word are just as zealous in keeping the .Written Word out of our State schools. To the serious Christian this inconsistency should be vexatious. Supposing the blessed One, whois called the Word of God, were to pay as a personal visit, many of those who are so staunch advocates of the present all but ChrisUcss system of education would throw open to Him the State schools and all our national institutions. But -I think such a demonstration of fealty wojild risk being classed by Him with the enthusiasm of those who marshalled His approach towards the Beloved CSty by the waving of palm trees, but who, a few days afterwards, nailed Hiia to a tree. To reject His Word^stoexdnde Himself, and to grieve His other great representative, the Spirit of Truth—the Holy Ghost. (•' He that loveth Me not beepeth not My sayings; and the Word which ye hear is not Mine, but tbe Father's which sent Me."—John xiv., 24.) I am aware that many excellent and very intelligent Christians are to be found amongst the advocates of the present educational system, and that, at first sight, their reasons for defending it, politically and socially, wear the semblance of much force. But the more I examine the question at issue, the more I discover that these reasons, when pat into the balances, are "found wanting." and arc weighed down by the preponderating arguments in favor of the introduction of the Holy Bible into tfur State schools. I now advance A FEW REAJXS IX FAVOR OF THE INTRO- DUCTION' OF THE Wonu OP GOD LVTO on. 1 STATE SCHOOLS. L The will of Almighty God, as clearly revealed in His Word, is, that His own Book shonld iie read by the human family. That experience teaches that the cardffii:) truths of the Word of God should fornid part of the elementary iustrnction of every child. 3. That, as the State schools represent our national educational nurseries, the Volume " which is able to mike us wise" should have a place iu these institutions as a class - book, and so ensure its perusal by at least the whole -Protestant rising generation. 4 That, as a large percentage of the children attending oar State schools do not attend Sunday schools, and in many instances have no biblical instruction at home or elsewhere, the adoption of Bible-reading would to some extent meet thiB grievous want, exerting a re- fraining Or dsterring influence upon the minds of many to commit crime, and, therefore, averting much of the criminality and general lawlessness wh'ch would spring out d a Christies 3 education. On the Sther iaand, Bible-reading in oar State schools by 1 - -.. . ^ - . - J children who attend Sunday schools wonld, in a measure, prepare them for the letter, aud so prove a grand auxiliary to these tilessed institations. 5. That while the $>rulent system of education is aa fair to oae denomination as another, the introduction of the Bible into our State schools wonlrj not change its character in this respect. Why? Because, while the children of Protestants would have the opportunity of reading tbe Protestant version, the sama privilege would be offered the children of Eomia Catholics to ase the Douay version; and in the case of fewish, Socinian, and atheistical parents inlisting upon their children bang exempted from perusing rithpr—and this class would, form but a very trifling percentage of the whole—the arrangements proposed would meet this exigency. Now, this view of matters fully meets the objections of Messrs &<ughte -and fialphj-tor-neTthef~Romani'sts, Jews, nor iufidels could charge the State with favoring Protestant children more than their own—thus leaving the State school svstem oa is equitable a footing as the basis upon which it is at present founded. It is true that the Riman Catholic Church would most probably ignore snch a privileg :; but her refusal to embrace the same pri vilege iccorded to others could not constitute a plea for a separate denominational grant Lit this he conaideredin conjunction with the fact that it is tbe intention of the Romish Church —apart altogether from the question of Bible introduction—to snperintend the secular and religious instruction of her young when she secures bnildingaccommodation of herownfor that purpose, and farther attempt to perpetuate exclusion of the Book of the Great King from our State schools will appear childishly impolitic. As it is, wherever the Church of Rime has erected denominational schools, nhe has been pretty successful in coaling and coercing her votaries to surrender their chil- •Iren to her entire control; and if numbers of Roman Catholic children are still to be found in our State schools, it is because—with a few notable exceptions here and there—she has not yet found ample accommodation for them. To humor such vagaries of the Romish Establishment, the State shutft out the Bible!! C. That while Bible- reading in these institutions wirald not privilege one denomination more than another, it would be promotive of the general good, and thus serve a great object of our professedly Christun State. 7. That continned exclusion from onr national schools of the holy Book which our forefathers handed down to us as a sacred heritage—the Book which is "the secret of England's greatness, of England's glory"—would be a continued insult to the Great Being who is its Author, and also a heartless disregard of the holy principles and self- sacrifice which, despite peisecution- and death in every conceivable form, secured for us the blessing of its being translated into our mother tongue, and the inestimable privilege of its being read in evety house and school in Protestant Christendom. For profess idly Christian State to cast out th,e Bible from its public schools, for the sake of the very church which spilt so much blood in her. attempts to annihilate civil and religious freedom, is the extremeat folly, and is sure, if persisted in, to issue in disaster. The great sin of the Jews was, that they nationaUy rejected the Incarnate Word. It looks very like national rejection of th Written Word—which is tantamount to rejecting Christ—to exclude it from our State schools; for the State represents oar colony. Let Victoria be warned in time, lest Almighty God blows upon her aud blights her with His judgments. S. That the fact that Romanists and infidels of every shade, together with the descendants of the people who nationally rejected tlie Incarnete Word, are united 'in excluding the Written Word from oar State schools, presents, if anything, an argument in favor of the Bible agitation. 9\. That any difficulties iu the way of rendering practicable the Bible a State school classbook ate of a nature that may be easily surmounted. I hare advanced but a few of -the many'alignments which I jnight urge in favor of the important teanse of which I have the hoirnr to be an humble advocate; butwhat I have given may suffice for the present. The subject, as yet, has not been eafficiently investigated by onr colonists; and the next general elections, as a whole, will probably M little sfiected by the present Bible agitation. "However, it will go on energising among the people, as, I trust, the results of an coffining elections \ml demonstrate. Iu the meantime, as the question of forming Bible kagnes is a purelv Protestant one, it should not be left to the joint voting and. therefore, disposal of Romanists, who, as a matter cf coarse, vote as mother Chnrch dictates; nor of infidels, who are always read v to side with any party in attempting to retard the" free bourse'- of .the precious V olume which, after, the sweat and agony of so many glorious straggles for civil and religiouB liberty, is sow in oar hands, shonld live in our heart*, he printed m oor-actions, and occupy the most honored place in every school of this sonnvland. - •jaftimthygaiajlhilnBtotttidWaaonsl • --One crowned .with crowns a message bdugt:. Bis Word,» award to mute the nations '. Hll mnie^-THK Cgaigr, the King of kings. He ranw 1 let all the «aih adote Hlm, ; - " ' ' ."the WasD oppon. riOBF^£)gTB 'M&nSnBS.; Ballarat, 2nd-January, —JESUS OF Nazareth. 