BAPTIST ASSOCIATION OP VICTORIA. The annual session of th$ Baptist Association of Victoria was continued yesterday morning at the Collins-street Baptist Church, a large number of members being present. The Rev. W. Clark, of Ball&rat;, chairman of the association, pre sided. ELECTION OP CHAIRMAN, The business having been duly opened with prayer, the secretary explained that abont three months ago the exocative committee received a note from the Rev. A J. Clarke, who had been nominated as chairman for the ensuing year, stating that as he had severed his connectiou with the West Melbourne Church he did not care to act as chairman of tbe association. The execu tive committee, therefore, desired to nominate the Rev. K. Henderson, of Hamilton, as chair- man for the ensuing yar. Tho retiring chair man, the Rev, W. Clark, of Ballarat, introduced bis successor, and thanked tho brethren for the kindness and assistance they had always fthown to hiiu during bis year of office. The Rer. K Henderson, on taking his seat, stated that ho would have preferred to see Mr. Clark in tho position ; but, with the .assistance of the brethren, be hoped to bo of some service to tho association. In his opening address be stato 1 that during the past year several notable con versions hud taken place, und altogether it was evident that the denomination was growing in strength and importance. He inculcated tho necessity of increased cuergy, and referred to tho special evangelistic services, which, ( he stated, although tbey were of great value, did not offer the only way of winning souls, as God had blessed tbe labors of many bumble pastors. At the conclusion of the address the newly formed churches at Foolscray and jCortii Carlton, under the charge of the Rev. J. N Foper and A. Ager, were received into the association, aud the cus tomary committees and subcommittees were appointed for tho year. notick9 op motion. Tbo following notices of motion were given : — By Mr. W. MLeau : That the executive committee ot the assembly bo requested to consider a number of suggestions with regard to tho properties uf the cbureh, and report at tbo next meeting of the asso ciation. By the Rev. G. W. Glfilng : That the association expresses it hearty concurrence with tbe efforts of Victoria to obtain annexation of Kew Guinea by Great Britain. Hy tho iter. W. Clark : That ministers visiting the coluny with a view to settlement be required to furnish credentials to the association through the chairman, aud that it bd a recommendation to the churches that they receive no ministers without first conferring with the executive of the association. By Mr. J. Barber: That this association, white generally approving of the educational system of the colony, considers the secular principle has been over strained by the Ministers of Public Instruction, and view with satisfaction the efforts being made to in troduce the Irish National School Scripture Lesson Books Into the Stato schools to be read by the children during school hours, and promise to usoour influence in bringing about this reform. Bv the Kev. S. Chapman : Thnt the attention of the legislature be drawn to tho uocessityof stricter ad ministration of existing laws relating to the liquor traffic and social evil. By tho Hcv. J. Blaikle : That the association protest against the recent action of tho trustees of the Public Library and Picture Gallery in opening the gallery on Sundays. luther celebration. Tito Rev. David Rees moved that in view of tho eelobration of the Luther centenary, which had just been held, the association should express their cordial sympathy with tbe celebration. Mr. T. J. Lewis seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. temperance society. The Rev. ,T. Shallberg read the roport of tbe Baptist Temperance Society, which Rhowed that good progress had been made during the year, lie then moved that at the half yearly and yearly meetings of the association special reference should he made to the work of the society. Tbe Rev. J. BJaikie seconded the motion, which was carried. reports and statistics. A number ot reports were read, showing that tho various funds in connection with the associa tion were in a comparatively flourishing state. From the statistics it appeared that nurtng tho year the number of members had increased by 225, the total number now being 3014. The treasurer's balance sheet showed the receipts for tho year to be £118 (is. (Id., and the expenditure £33 19s. Gil., leaving n balance in hand of £34 7s. election of ofpiceun. Mr. 0. J. Ham, M.L.C., was elected chairman of the association for 13S4-1SS5 ; and Messrs. Robt. Stone treasurer, and G. 1. Lush secretary, for the ensuing year. The Rev. J. Blaikie was appointed to preach tbe annual sermon next year, and tbe meeting closed. the annual sermon. There was a very large attendance in the evening at the Collins-street Church, when the Rev. Dr. Porter preached an eloquent sermon from Mat thew, xxviii., 18, 19 and 20. The rev, gentleman argued that Christ was the great teacher, having bailt upon a rock, and having been the only one who had direct authority from God. Tbe people of the Church were cncoumgod to search and read the Scriptures ior themselves, and thereby to come to as full an understanding as possible of the divine message. It was also pointed out that faith was the great element, and only by that conhl Christians hope to attain the state of beatitude for which they were all striving. Reverting to his text, the preacher pointed out that the divine message given by Christ was, " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father aud of the Son and of tbe Holy Ghost," aud insisted on tho necessity of bis hearers strictly obeying the tenor of this command. The meaning of the commis sion thus given was that the disciples should use their utmost endeavors to roach the hearts of all men, and cause them to turn to tbe true and only light. The rev. gentleman copiously illustrated bis sormon by reference to St. Paul and other Scriptural authorities. 