??'Government Water Augers. /WITH roferenco to tho Government water augers, (tho following official report of operations has been furnished to tho Hon. tho Minister of Mines by the .Superintendent of Drills :-IN o. 1 at work botweon ; iBourko and the Warrego River. Depth bored for 1 Jfche week ending February 24, 18S3, 20ft ; nature of Strata passed through, chiefly coarse sandstone. No. 2 in position and ready to commença operations 15 ' miles wost of the Warrego River. No. 3 being shifted . on to site 30 miles west of tho Warrego River. The ,. survey of tho routo on which those bores are being .put down has dolajrod oarlior operations. Tho first .routo having boen abandoned, tho whole party ?.were in consequence thrown idlo, ponding tho settlement of routo. That matter boin g now settled active work isboingpushed on. Thonccossity of having to cart the.water required to those throe machines Têtards the work greatly. The special artesian tub ing ordered some limo ago from Glasgow, and which ? 1B necessary to cany out this work, is daily expected to arrive, and will bo forwarded immediately on arrival. So far tho ground has been hard'enough to dispenso with tubing. No. 4 at present at work near j Girilambone ; depth bored for tho w cok onding March ¡ . ;8, 40ft Gin : total depth, 151ft Gin. Tho nature of '.Strata passed through is hard sandstone and cemented 'quartz gravels. This is a most important work, and !is of great interest. Hitherto no subterranean supply of fresh water has been met with in this district, but the nature of tho strata passod through .gives fair prospect of success. No. 5 has been /working at Grafton. Work has been stopped pending tho arrival of the special artesian tubing. . ,This auger has put down three separate trial holes at Grafton, oaoh tapping a silt sand-drift at a depth of about 40 feot gauged with water, against which tho .tubing supplied with tho machino is totally un fi tod to pope. Thoro.is no defect in tho machine appliances to prevent its penetrating through such drifts. This 'defect rests entirely on tho defectivo tubing. Tho jplass of tubing requisito to carry out this work is fliot obtainable in the colony, nor could it bo substi tuted except at very groat cost. On tho arrival of .tho spooial artesian tubing roforrod to, this work can f be successfully carried out, when it is contemplated ' to extend tho boro to a depth of 400ft, if required. No. G at work at Gunnedah, putting down a series of trial holes across tho channel of doop cround crossing through that town ship. Tho work hore is most interesting, and from tho tabulated report of tho foreman in chargo, tho following information is obtained:-During tho week ending March 3, 1833, tho machino had beon removed from, and placed in position for a week on throe different sites for trial bores, besides boring an aggre gate dopth of 64ft. The foroman also reports that water was struck in each caso, differing both in quality and quantity. This work denotes that wator \- augers being placed ta work on strata suitable to their ' several constructions aro capable of performing good . work at a trifling cost. Two men, with tho aid of one .. horse to supply tho motivo power, have performed '. this work, including tho moving of plant, within six days. No. 7 is about being sont on to Orango, tho selection of a sito being tho only mattor requiring \- eettlement previous to commencing operations. ' No. .,.8 has been devoted to take up tho work of No. G at (, Grafton, after tho latter has roachod a depth of 200ft. *|Tho water augurs as abovo enumerated, consist of two different constructions. Nos. 1, 4, and 8 aro . known as the "Australian Wator Auger." Nos. 2, ~3, 5, 6, and 7 aro known as tho " Tiffin Auger." Tho placing of these machines in tho class of country best " suited to their respective capabilities is a special necessity towards their succoss. It may bo observed that tho diameter of tho holes being put. down vary ' . from four to eight inches. Tho cost per foot ranges from ls 9d to 8s. w Tried a3 > Puro" Gold," published by Mossrs. Cameron, Laing and Co., Molbourno, and Mossrs. Gordon and Gotoh, Sydnoy, has creatod quito a sen sation in tho southern capital. Mrs. Chads, the authoress, ÍB the wifo of a rotirod Indian officer ; and all tho Indian stories (which aro poworfully written) aro founded upon facts. Tho incident in one of the r< tales, where tho ghost of a suicido is seen to pass tho * Sentries, ooourrod as statod ; and tho sentry was dis missed and. punished for dusorting his post. Somo of the Melbourne papors have commented rather severely upon tho stories ; but Mrs. Chads vouches for thorn being related as they occurred. Tho stories .er»! morally puro, and contain nothing that oven a i i.totiL could object to-an uncommon circumstance ' "..'.?lays. Wo observe, also, that tho Viotorian . ' '»«iirds of advice have distributed a large ? .>..« A*-.->f copies of tho book as prizua to the children' «.t the""Btate schools. Tho. volume wül doubtless comma nd a large and ready Baie in thia colony, ita ^bliflhed nrioo ia 