'?.'???? ?-' ??EVANDAEE'''; -i';;''-!ii ? (PBOM OOB OWN COBBESPONDEM.) ?'.;,' -1''1 ' WEDNESDAY, JULY 4. Present— T). Collins, Esq., Warden ; Gounoil lprs Boyes, Bryan, Dowie, Tuck,' and Vineyi''1 -Minutes of last meeting read and confirmed. Abstract of, salaries and returns of police duties for the month of June laid upon the * table. ..'-'' The 'Warden informed the Council thiit the by-law for the prevention of; congregating at corners of streets, eto., had been certified by the Attorney-General, and that it had been for warded for publication in Gazette. Letter read from Administrator Charitable Grants requesting an opinion upon the present system adopted for payment to paupers of charitable allowances. It was considered that payment as now received from Government is satisfactory ; the 'Warden to communicate with the Administrator on the Bubjeot. Circular read from Commissioner of the Cal cutta, International Exhibition requesting co operation in collecting exhibits. ? . ? ? , Half- yearly return examined and passed; monthly account current passed. , ; .'. . , ? Acoounts passed. — William Ellis, £26, repairs Lymington Police Station ; Catherine Webber, £5, firewood, use of .Chambers; etoi; ? William Johnstqne, 9s, gravelling watch-house yard, 'White Hills. - \ .? .. . The ' Southern Stab.'— As our Ho barfc correspondent has already informed our readers, the Southern Star, a well conducted penny evening paper' ?which has been published at the capital for ^nearly twelve months past, has ceased to exist, its proprietor preferring to rolin ? quish his responsibility in this venture in preference to sacrificing other interests, ? and the hopes entertained at the outset that accompany could be formed to carry on' the paper not having been realised. Jit is, however, announced that the ?whole of the news and jobbing plant of ' 'the' Southern Star has been placed at the service of Messrs. Rayson and Oo., who have undertaken to issue a weekly .journal of 12 pages, which trill , be pub lished on Friday afternoons in time for the country posts. The proprietors have undertaken the risk, and will guarantee to issue the paper for one quarter, or until the end of September, and if at the end of that time sufficient encouragement is offered it will be continued and, if possible, enlarged. - A Naeeow Escape. — A lodgers at the Sportsman's' Hall/ Charles-street, had a' 'Vary narrow escape on Friday week from poisoning, and the circumstances show the want of ordinary precaution too often' observed by those in attendance on sick persons. Instead of a tablespoonful of her.\ proper medicine Mrs. Mills was1 given, :. through the carelessness of a servant, a dose of crotori liniment that nearly, proved ? fatal § Dr. ; Bingham Growther was, however, called in,- and by the i prompt application of 'remedies ?checked ;.the. effests of the dose, and the . patient is; now. slowly progressing towards recovery. . In England all poisons must be kept, in fluted bottles; so that even in the dark one can tell by the feel whether the bottle contains poison or not.. It would be well if the chemists' this side of the- water, ? wore made to follow- this example,, .as .such .a precaution -would1 possibly;; i have; ;: prevented »the present instance: of ... what might have, proved a fatal mistake. '? . : ? ????.:? A:' :; CoENWALL InSUBANOE COMPANY.— In compliance, with a requisition from several' of the shareholders a special meeting- of shareholders in the Cornwall Insurance Company has been; called for, 1 p.m. on' 13th inst. to consider , the advisableneas or otherwise, of : dissolving the said Com pany, and of Belling and disposing of the business and: assets of. the Company' to a new, company.' , -.. ?.: . . /.; ;^i. EXTBAORDINAEY. CASE OF BlGAMY..— A remarkable - case of . bigamy was heard at the :New: Town Police Court, near Sydney; on ;.27th iUlt.' The defendant, Osmond Dayj, was oharged with marry ing. Eliza Harrison in^England, whom he brought out in the.ship.LaHogu'e. 'He afterwards married Emily. Harriet. Balmer, daughter of a' piiblioan keeping the Botany View Hotelj on- .November .14, 1881. When taxed; i with; the , previous marriage Day denied;. 'it, and 'declared that Eliza Harrison. .was -married to Mr. Barlow, of Nortli Shields. Mrs. Balmer wrote to the girl Harrison's father in England,: and: received a reply, enclosing a copy ;:of the) certificate . of ' marriage between : Day and : his daughter. Day still repudiated the marriage, and declared, that: the two. chil dren registered in his; name; were not his, but ^were.' registered thus, , at ?, Barlow's ire-, quest.,. Mrs. Day, on cross-examination; ad mitted', that she. was the .wife , of ,: jean Barlow,, , '' lithographer, ..; .having . ; ; been married, to him; at .Boulogne, in 1873; Her ,husb;and was now in New j Caledonia, and as. she , could not 'come to ; Australia with him, nor, as a single girl immigrant, she had agreed with Day to j, come, out -a3 his wife; her husband haying consented to tKe arrangement. She , had lived in . Sydney with, her husband- ( Barlow),, -and - intended to join 'him in New- Caledonia.!; She'was never married to , Day, r but .had children.byhini;/:;The Bench, ; notwith standing ,' this ', extraordinary, .evidence,, committed;theidefendantufor, trial at the ? Quarter. Sessions!'' .'.'' i'''^. ,','{'? ?' ';? AgBIOULTUBAL. ? AND. - EOETIOULTUBAL ? Publications. —^ We have. to acknowledge; 1 the receipt from Messrs.- Walch Broa. and. Birchall of a.-, copy of that valuable little work -, on vf arming, ? ' M'lvor's Annual. ' ' Thesamefirm.has. also, forwarded a copy, of 'Adamspn's': Australian Gardener,' another.: ; extremely:, useful publication, and ^containing' a ,. great amount of infor mation on, alLmatters connected with the ::' garden.-, ?;., ^..n,,;-.';::- ???'. ?*???? '''' '?'-'' ' . ??' The Reoent-Paetbidgb Explosion.— r We are,, , glad; 'to- state; that the wife of Sergt. -Major.! Welsh is recovering rapidly from'. the,, effectiS of ; the cartridge that exploded in. her hand a few. days agoV The stitches were removed from the cut , la her face',. on: Monday, and the wound is , :'? progressing. very,, favourably. The wound in the hand is also: healing well, but -it will naturally be, some weeks: before she is quite, well again., ,. -.. ;-,;!?? .? ,-,.- Police Inspection. — The - usual'quar-; terly.review of the police .force was , held; onMonday afternoon, before his Worship the Mayor and Alderman Barwood., There were 28imen on parade,' and the' report was . satisfactory. ? . -i' ' -? :;.?! Epping Relief Fund.— Mr. T. Glad manj'Launceston hon. treasurer ' of this'1 fund, acknowledges the receipt of £1438' 6s 4d. :. Of - this- sum £1200 has been placed at fixed deposit for 12 months tat' 6 per, cent, and £238 5s 4d remains to the ?credit' of- ithe. account at the ..Oommffcoial ? .'' Bank, r ??? .'n^u^i v.-. :;-.-?; ^-??'????f:'i;''\ , - ? ', . ? . ? -? ' .vKU! Noetheen Finance Committee. — A meeting of the Northern Finance Com mittee was held on Monday at Trinity Vestry. Present — The Ven. Arohdeacon Hales (in the chair); the Revs. J. Cham bers and 0. Yaughan ; Messrs. Von Stieglitz, Turner, and Belstead. After prayers the minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The treasurer reported the state of the finances. A letter was read from secretary of Church Society, acknowledging receipt of applica tion for a grant of £50, and promising to lay the same before the Committee at its next meeting. It was resolved that the stipends for June be paid. An applica tion was 'received from the incumbent' at Carrick for a loan in aid of repairs to the parsonage there. The Committee; not having funds available, were unable to entertain the request. The Committee then adjourned. , A Healthy Statement.— Despite the complaints of the dullness of business arid the flatness of mining -matters generally, the trade returns of the port of Launcea ton, as evidenced by the. Customs duties received,, evince a marked progress. The duties received for the six months ending June 30 last were £85,137. 9a 6d, and for the corresponding six: months of last year £74,515 11s lOd, thus showing an increase for the past half-year of no less than £10,621 7s 8d. The revenue returns for the colony, published in .our last issue,' showed that the receipts for June last were £42,988 Is' 3d, and those for, the corresponding month last year, £38,954' 19s, giving an increase , of ,£4,033 2a 8d for the : month. ; The increase: in the revenue for the firat six; months ofithis, year, as compared with the firstsix months; of 1882, is £25,551, lOs 3d. , ., ? Postal ? Delivery. —On, Monday, the: postal delivery was extended for. the first, time as far, as Galvintown, ? For- the' future there will be two deliveries,, one in the morningand another in; the afternoon. , We understand that Mr. .Windeatt, the^ Postmaster, is at. present in communica tion with the Government, regarding the. extension of the postal .delivery.tojnver may ? ... ... Volunteer Aetilleby Parade.— The quarterly muster' of 'the Launceston Voluntoer Artillery Corps1 took place last Monday' in the drill-yard, when there' were 64 rank and file present, only four out of'' the whole corps being absent without leave. The' officers present were Captain G. T. Collins and Lieut. G. E. Harrap. ' ? Captain Collins first inspected the arms and accoutrements, the greatcoats haying ? just' been issued by Government, and the company were then put'through' company drill, and executed the various ; move: ments in a very creditable manner.' . Calcutta' International Exhibition. The date fixed for reception of .entries is the 1st August, although the- goods need not be sentiri until 1st September. It is necessary the 'Commissioner should have the entries as soon as possible, because he must apply and pay for the space re quired for the Tasmanian Court early in, August,' or, -the best places in the Exhibi .tion' will be' allotted to other 'applicants;. Intending exhibitors 'should lose no \ time in i forwarding their entries' in order that .space and 'freight may be arranged for. The colonial Com missioners ; are' so long about deciding upon the charter; of a j'special :sfceairier ; that Mr. Just' contem plates' arranging' at once with the P. and ,0. ; Company ' ' for' the conveyance. , , of exhibits'! ' ?' Should' this he done 'the 'goods wi'l be1 snipped to ,Melbourne; by one of the LaariceBton'steamer's.andtra'nahipped to i the'uP. 'arid' 'O. 'Company's ';bbat in Hobaon's Bay. The freight charged1 from Melbourne to' Calcutta will bo 45s per .ton.' ;i '? : ;i ' ??? :?' ????' ?_?'???- ..?:.-.:;?'' - -! ?? , ' ' Mr. i Joseph' i HuNKiNV^-We ; regret to state that no tidings ' have'! been - received ' as to; the 'whereabouts' of Mr.' 'Joseph Hunkin, twho left White's camp ?' at; the' All Nationsreefs'for Mt. Victoria on 20th inst., and ifc ia feared that he has met with some accident; as he was 'too gobd'a' bush man ,, to be lost for so' long a -pBriodJ Our ; Mathinna ' ; correspondent forwards particulars : that have already appeared in biir columns,- and states that Mr.- Hunkin left the All Nations for Balstrup'a claim; on the north side of Mount Victoria, and intended; to. -go from there- to Upper Ringarpoma on Thursday, 21at, arid leave by 'ooaoh for . , Scottsdale oil Friday, arriving : in: Launceston on Saturday. Owing to several days'. wet ;and Btormy weather, it was not till Sunday njght last that it. was known at the All Nations camp . he had not reached Mount: Vic toria; and a telegram sent on Monday from Upper Ringarboma by Mr. O'Byrne,. a prospector an the south side of Mount Victoria, eliciting the reply Mr. Hunkin was not in Launceston, raised the first Berious fear3 for his safety. When Mr. Hunkin left Mathinna he had a con siderable quantity of money on him, and some valuable jewelry, but no thoughts are entertained of foul play. Word was sent to the Superintendent of Police at Fingal, who promised to have enquiries made in various quarters, and our corres pondent) writing on Wednesday night, says a Bearch party was out from Upper 'Ringarooma, a few . men had been out from South Mount Victoria, . and on. Thursday it. was intended every ope at ; the , AH Nations Camp should join in the search.. ' Great anxiety was manifested in ?the i district, ;' and fears were entertaiiied any ! aid no w ' would be too' ljito rti) | be --f ' ;Bervjice;';]-:!' \\-^,^,''i. /?.,.',', :'''.!''.;,'J''.',. '.'].'.'?, Ji't i -''' ' ' '??'' ' ' *' ' ' ''' '' ' '., '[,';, IfiKi j ?'??' ? ' The English Mails.— The B.M.S. Pekin, .with the English mails via Brindisi to June 1st, was .sighted at Albany at 5'30 a.m.' on Tuesday. SHe may therefore be expected to reach Adelaido on Saturday morning, and Hobson's Bay on Sunday night or Mon day'morning. ' The Tasmanian portion of the mails will most probably be brought on by the s.s. ^Flinders, and may be looked for here e'a'rly on Tuesday. Sudden Death. — The mining mana ger of the Nugget T. M. Co., Upper Ringarooma, in fiis report to his direotors under date June 28th, reports the sudden death of ond of his miners. He says :— 'I have to report the sudden death on Wednesday of a. man named Thomas, whom I engaged in 'Laimceston to work ,on the mine ; ho died in 'a fit two days after his arrival. Ho was a good/honest, hard working man, and a first-class miner ; equally good about machinery. As he had been under medical treatment in Launoeston, the' Coroner did- not- con- Bider an inquest necessary.',' ,' ? Town Park. — A rarity :has been, added to the collection of animals in the Town Part, in' the form of a jet black wallaby, ' forwarded by Mr John Dayern,'6f Branx-. hblini.]:'' ' ' ..' '', ,''?' ^ ','.'.,. '?, ..-.-'' \, ,?',',''' ? ,' CiuROH of England ?AppQiNTMENTs'.r- The Chilrch -News states ''that 'the Rev., ,G. F. Archer, B. A., has been appointed to the cure of All Saints, .Hobart, vacant ( ?by the resignation of Rev. C,j Br'omby ;' and.'the Rev. B. M. King, late of the , Diocese of Perth, has; been appointed 'to, the cure of Green' Ponds.*;.;', Mr. Archer ;wias born in the colony, and was one. of tlie firat ',of our Taamanian . youths' to itrhom was awarded the Tasmanian Scholarship. He graduated at' , Cam bridge, and after ' his ordination held a curacy ' in a pountry- parish in England. Soon' after his return to Tasmania, he was appointed Incumbent , of the, Mertey, '? a country .' parish in .the .Nisrtherri Arohdeaconry. ' 'This charge, he held for several years.' For Dome' imoriths past he; has been curate in, tlie, parish of St. John the Baptist' in. Hobart,' and the general v ''testimony '.is! that in both the positions just 'mentioned he discharged, his duties with fidelityj secur^ ing the; regard and confidence of tlie people of all classes to whom he minis tered; ? Mr. 'King, who broilght with' him 'high testimonials' from . his late Bishop, was appointed' by the Admiriis-, tratbri The . Rev. Leigh Tarleton, lias been appointed temporarily to the cure of j Hamilton.' ' ; On ' the evening of St. Peter's 'Day the * Rev.' ' ;G. v P.' Archer was ; publicly 'instituted' as the Incutribeht of ; the parish of All Saints, Hobart. :. , The night was very stormy,' ' nevertheless .' a . very ' fair number /of ' ifche' '/parishioners were 'present,:, and' 'the '.choir was ..well represented. ' The Ven.1 'Arohdeacon, Hales, , Administrator; of 'the ; DibceseJ' acted as institutor.' i 'Tjie,' Benediction was given by Mr; Aroher,'wh6' rebeived,' after the aeryice, 'the' hearty !,cong'ratula:' tioris'bf-'mariy/of his 'friends1 and ,p*rish ibners'.. The same jourriaii'inannppncing the appointment' (already noticed in .'our' 'own columns) of the Rev. C. F. L'Oate as assistant clergyman of Waratah .under the Rev.' B. K. ;Bourdil]bri,' 'state's 'that ' prbbably after a time' Wariitah! Will, be fma'd'e- : a separate pariah.'1 ' 'A .pasaiiig, tribute is certainly due to Mr.- John' ,S. ' Roberts (now relieved) .bnbis'.retirement,; for his 'efficient and earnest 'discharge of' the duties of lay-reader— :in the intervals' between the Incumbent's , visits— for a period of nearly three years.''. . , '??; ' BeACONSFIELD pRESBYrEEIAN ChUKOH. — The ' adherents of ; the'! ' Presbyterian Ohuroh'at Beapbnsfield, which _was- estab lished aboiit fourteen months ago by the Rev/ E. C. , Terinant, who has charge of the extensive pastorate of Sidmouth .and West Tamar, are manifesting a commend able ?'earnestness in; the support of their ohuroh. ', There is a small debt .only now remaining on the church, arid the congre gation' are taking step3 for the erection of a manse for their minister. ; Two congre-, gational meetings' have' been held re cently, and an influential Committee appointed to carry the matter through. At the last meeting on20th June, the subject of the debt remaining on the.' 'church came up lor consideration, .and it -was urged that an effort should be made to secure anoffer of £10 made,' dependent, on. the debt being cleared off before the end of July. A subscription paper was handed round amongst those, assembled, and in a few minutes £16 153 9d'was raised;. 'The, whole debt is not more than £40, arid' it' is hoped- that, when the list returns from the i rent' of the congregation!, the' whole amount, will be cleared off. Theheiilthy Btate of 'affairs must be very encouraging to the Rev. Mr. Tennant, who ' has; laboured hard and earnestly in his extend sive district.' ';' : ''?' A Simple Accident.— A car-owner named Wm. Conroy met with an- un-, pleasant accident' aiday or two since in a very simple manner. He had driven a party out to St. Leonards, and stabled his horse at the hotel. ' After some time he went' out to see if the animal was all right, and slipping, his right leg bent under . him, snapping ? the small bone. His leg paused him great pain, yet he waited until his party were ready, ' and drove them himself into town. ' Dr. Murphy was .then called, and ! strapped ' the injured limb, and the patient is doing' well, but it will, probably be some time, before he* is able to resume his vocation^' III j M-.i ,?'.??.. ;,?-?;' 'Mii'lK ,..!;!! iV,li-.i ? ?J(i;.i ; ' '.?!-,V;;;-v.':;Y,r (vi^uf i,i\i 30 V'Wci!' Accommodation Requieed. — Whilt carrying out reforms in the Oustomt Department, the' Government would oon fer a boon by giving the Bonding Ware house some practical attention. Extra storage buildings are urgently required, the present' ones being quite inadequate for the demand on space, aud they are consequently over-crowded, goods be coming mixed , in a heterogeneous manner, and employers are put to their wits end to know where to; lodge with Bafety any extra goods brought in, as every nook and corner is occupied. When the Asterope cargo came up, part of Mr. John Cape's store had to be engaged -by Government for accommodation of good?,, The old brandy store is, according to a merchant's account, in a- very dangerous condition, aa it is filled aloft with heavy goods, and iu its weak state a sudden collapse, attended with serious, results, would be no great surprise. Perhaps Government await the impromptu death of an employe ..in'the building before the matter is. attended to. We understand that Mr. Taylor from . the Lands t .Depart ment' was up , from- Hobart recently and gave tnebuildirigi a casual survey, but of his', recommendations to head quarters wo are.in blissfiil ignorance. .! ,, ?: 'Gazette Notices. — We learn from Tuesday's Gazette that Mr. Robert Henry, bte ? Superintendent1 of ' ' Telegraphs^ ' has been appointed a lieutenant, unattached, in ? .the .Tasmanian Defence Force, Mid ,/ instructor in . eleotrioity ;in the Engineer Corps recently formed at Eobart.' : ? ? ??? F. 'Ur petitions are pub- ? [ished against the petition that appeared in the Gazette in April last, praying that the, .electoral district .: of ? East ?' Devon mipjht be proclaimed as the rural munici pality of Latrobe and Mersey. Mr. D. Dally has registered.' a trade mark for a pat'ent medicine, and 'Messrs. J. Earl and : Son,;of San Francisco,' several for'paints.' I jPresbyteeX' of Launoeston. — The Presbytery of .; Launceston'. , met ', at .St. Andrew's Church on .Tuesday^afternooh, . when there were present : —The Revs. E. 0.! Tennant, F. T.'.jerikin, W. MJOutphan, and' J., Lyle '.;. and , Mr'.' A..Ba-tley,, elder. Owing to ? theabaence of the'clerk^ Rev. J.j Ruaaell, whoj it. was presumed, liad miased the train, the. meeting adjourned^ . without' entering! into any business,^ until! 3 p.m.' on ' Tu'esday ; next. , ]...'..'.?' '. , ?! The Brennan Tobpedo.— A cable message states that the Brennan' tor pedo has been favourably- reported; upon: by' military^, men -in' England1, and that! arrangements have been made to test its me'ritB.. The Brennan torpedo, which is named after its inventor, was designed and manufactured in -Melbourne, and in promoting it ; Mr. Brennan has 'had asso ciated; with him Mr. S. Oalv'ertj. also'of that city. It was tried-in Hobson's Bay in 1879 with riiore or less success, 'and itB ; best- performancear excited iworider-and^ approbation.. This submarine' weapon of warfare, says the 'Argus, -is1 fish-shaped,' or ; rather 'has .the., form of a cigar; with1 both ends pointed, and in that're'speot' is somewhat /like the Wttitehead: torpedo. It is about: 15ft. long, /is ?; constructed ? of the best :boiler, plate, ^nd1 weighs 'about 15dwt. ? Its charge^ lewt. .of gun cotton, is. contained in 'the fore cbmp'arttnenti whilst thd mechanism by which' it is pro pelled and steered is. placed an the centre. There ,! are 'at the stern two brasa fans: workirigiin oppoaite directions. ; The pro pelling '.and steering power is :- obtained from; an .engine of 20-horse power, on jhore or -ship, which by pulling long thin wires ;off two drums inside. the torpedo: jausea the fans to'revolve and-, the engine tself to shoot ahead. The advantages slaimedi for thein ventiori are; that after it laslbee.n launched ;it -can be steered, in: my, direction from the starting-point, and ihat in theevent of its' missing-the mark t.can be recovered; ? It oan also be kept it any desired depth, and its course can )e. followod by means of a small -disc' ittached to a long staff, i ? The rate at vhich it can be propelled is' said to be -ver 15 knots an hour; .; ; : ' . .!-..- '?! Launoeston Rifle' Regiment. —This egiment Keld the usual quarterly^ muster . larideat the drill-yard on- 3rd' in at!,, The' ifficers, present were — Major Just, (in pmmand), Captains Aikenhead and loom. Lieutenants Martin, Gould,- Fair-' home, ' Siisman, and Hobkirk. There; tos j a very , Btrong muster indeed, '? 117 arik arid file being on parade, only three leu! being absent without leave. .' .. ...Seyen epruits we're sworn in. ' Thecompanies rere first inspected by their, subalterns, tieii by the 'captains, '.and lastly by the : ommaridirig officer. ' TKe regiment then' larched rbundthe town.; ..tlie. steadiness f the. men. under arms,, arid: the' absence f any 'talking' in. the. ranks, being very, oticeable, , and highly creditable to.both, ion arid officers, and , to their drill in tiuct'or,; Sergearit-Major.Welah, for jthe^ lanner in which .he has,;'. forked 'the' leri up. After the'parade th'o. Ball Opm iittee met at the Mechanics' Institute, to iake final arrangements for^ the.balljto' e; held, in that building .to- night'./jVAl'; umber of tickets have been isaued.^tp th'e , utside public and readily, taken upj ifjfid., iidging from tlie -enthuaiaatic^mannerarij rliich the Volunteers; have taken'up'.tlie latter the ball should be: a gre^t.sucoeBS. , t had' been suggested/ ' that Bp.ectfitors liould be 'ailowed in,'' but the pr bpfjsal , 'as I unariimpiisly .'.rejected j.b^r .'.the- Op'n^-J -', iftffiTi ?i'!ii.B«rjM:i'l«'.i ajiiiniiiw lZ':ii i*f-! j .'.-;;'..;' ;:i;! «.«-?.:?.; of at :y,\ ??/ .hwihi:! 5v{ Dieeot Teade wnn Queensland. — A Queensland correspondent writes to the Mercury as to the desirableness of open ing up a direct trade between Tasmania and that colony, instead of letting suoh trade filter through Sydney. Be aays : — 'There is a great demand for timber, ; especially in tho North, and dairy and., farm produce generally., It.would.be quite possible to get return cargo ; in suoh products as required, as sugar, molasses, , rum, maize, arrowroot, and fruit (especi ally, oranges, lemons, bananas, and pipes). If-a steamer wero fitted up with refrigerat ing apparatus, Hobart could be supplied withi the beat beef in Australia, and at a price far below what you are now paying,, for live cattle from New South Wales. There is now a large irieat preserving and refrigerating . company on' the Brisbane River, at a place called Queensport, who , would, I am sure, favour the trade.' Cqbnwall Insubanoe - Co. — The ad« journed meeting of shareholders in this . Company will be held onFriday, 13th inst., , at noon, for the purpose of confirming the , following resolution : — 'That . as the .: term for. which tho Cornwall Fire and. Marine , Insurance .Company was estab- :. lished and. extended will expire-on the , 5tli day- of ; November, 1883, the same shall be extended for the further term of ; fourteen years.' ;, . .: I Ceown Land Sales. — A list of lots b£ land withdrawn from the ?. Crown Land aaleB, - to take place ? at Launceston on the' ?'? 10th inst., is published in our advertising columns. The lots in the town of Beacons field, advertised for sale at Launceston on the same date, are to be sold subject to : the right of lessees to mine for gold at' a depth of not less than one hundred feet ' . below^, the natural surface. A sale of iGrown.lands, in-, connection with .which ; default has been made in the payment o£; instalments, will be held at Latrobe on the [13th inst.. and at Launceston on the '? 10th inst., at noon. ;, . . : .. ,. ?; Newspapee ??? E n t e b p b i s e . — As '' already announced the proprietors1 of the; Argus and Australasian have despatched' ? Captain Wm.E. ArmitF.L.S., asoientiat '???''' 'as| well as a' hardy bushmari, as their :I special correspondent in charge of an exploring^ expedition into the island of New. -Guinea, and his letters upon the'1'' natural-features, mineral and other re- ' souroeB; and suitability of theislarid for' colonisation and settlement, ? should hot only.prove very interesting, but addmuoh1' ?to j our:;knowledge of this' extensive and little; explored territory; The proprie tors'! of ? the Australasian have also des-! patched ;, Mr. -T.' K. Dow, their agricul tural reporter, on a trip to the United ' States to 'collect informntion upon all 'matters, connected with farming, both ''?'' agricultural and pastoral, and appliances' that'iriay be of service to the agricultural' and pastoral community in these colonies. In order not to ? be beaten the Age have deBpatohed Mr. Geo. E. Morrison 'on an exploring expedition to New Guinea, and1 Mr. Jnb. L. Dow, M.P., to Ariieriba, to report on the 'agricultural, ? horticultural^ ? arid grazing pursuits of that country. ' . - ?' ' Oue VisiTOBS. — - Amongst the recent arrivals in town from Hobart wo notice Mr. ^Sahtifaller,' business agent for the Calcutta Exhibition, who has been' fcr. some_ weeks past at the capital, arid will .. remain in Launceston for a week, ' after1 ' which. he will visit some of the country districta.. Mr.'E. T. Gale, the agricultural reporter of the Federal Australian (Vic- ' toria), returned from the southern diatricts ^ yesterday; ' and will ? shortly visit the1 estates of.our leading sheep breedersand ': agriculturiata. ?-.'.' ' - ? : ..United States Maeine Insueanoe.— ; ' From' the Brisbane 2'clegraph we leam that Captain Brown, who islwoll known in' Launceston, 'and' for some time past lun held the p'oBitidri of Lloyd's surveyor for Queensland; has recsived his 'credentials, including power of attorney to represent '' in Queensland the Board of Underwriters of New York and Philadelphia, and also an intimation, that the Boston board will send out his appointthent as their repre sentative by next mail. The Telegraph, says :— '_Moat persons who know Captain Brown will at once conclude that by some lucky chance these Yankee underwriters ? have 'spotted' the best man for the work -: to be found on this side.' ? A Railway Veteean. —An interesting ' incident on 21st inst. in connection with the | opening of the ' railway line 'to Mitiamo, says the Bendigo Inlependeht, ' ? was, the introduction of the Minister to Mr. Atkinson, a resident of Yalook, who, a sawyer, by trade, executed the , contract for putting the timber' for the first car-; riages on the first railway in the world, namely, the ' line from Birmingham to Manchester. That was 56 years ago. Mr. Atkinson is ;riow 78 years of ase, but still: has :,good health, ? arid can walk as- - briskly as.many. young men. ; ,-??; ti-i ? ..PiiNFDL Accident. — -An' accident of; a painful nature occurred to a iriiddle-aged ! man! named Charles 'Webb, an employe' ' of Mr.1 J/Stephenson, printer, of ' Bris bane-street, onTuesday. It appears Webb ' ' was engaged iri;fittin» a machine, when a i: ' portionof it fell oriliisright hand,' cutting -: off the top i of the forefinger. The injury '' was 'attended to' by Dr. W. R., Stewart.',.1' ,'' , A MEEWNQ of .compositors,' mnohiDiats. and presspaen, will take place at the Working Men's ' ? ; . lubj on Saturday evening, at. 7 -30 o'clock, for' , . : the .purpose of forming a br'anoli sooioty in con-''' neotipn) with th«; Hobart Typographical Asso- '??'?? oifttidn,,,. .::;?.),..?;,-: ,.i; ..f-..'} \\- .- ? ..:? :?. .1: -, .-'.--, !«?- :fa;n! :,.-;i I .':-ivvvi' '¥:!?'? ?;-.; ???-. ?! ;!-' .I'-i.tElms. Ministerial.— The health of the hon. l J.- S. Dodds, Treasurer, is improving, and last week he was able to attend tit his office for a short time. The Minister of Lands, attended by the members for the Huon, Franklin, and Kingborough, left Franklin on 28th ult. in the rivor steamer Huon, and roceived deputations from 'the residents at North- West Bay, Oyster Cove, Peppermint Bay, Three Hut Point, urging their require ments in the way of roads and jetties, and returned by land from Shipwrights' Point to Franklin, where another deputa tion met them, and asked for roadB, bridges, jetties, and a canal through Egg Wand. Masonic. — A correspondent writes : — The Lodge of Peace, 719, E.G., met at the Lodge-room, Hamilton-on-Forth, on Tuesday, 26th June, for the purpose of1 transacting general Lodge business; after which the installation of officers for the ensuing Masonio year took place, when the following brethren were invested :— I.P.M., Bro. J. H. M'Oall; W.M.;Bro. P.Callaghan; S.W., Bro. P. 0. Maxwell; J.W., Bro. A. Boatwright ; treanurer, Bro;! W: Shaw; secretary, Bro, W. W. Smithies ; S.D., Bro. G. I). Inglis ? J.D., Bro. W. J. Lovett ; I.G., Bro. R: Scott ; Tyler, Bro. A. Gardiner. At1 the con clusion of the' business the mombera and visitors present, numbering 43 in all, adjourned to Bro. Liddle's, by whom a banquet had been prepared for the occa sion ; and jitter justice had been done to the .good things provided, the usual loyal and other toasts were givon, and with the aid. of songs and recitations a very pleasant evening was spent. A Swansea Pioneer, — Mr .E.G. Shaw, who has many friends in Launceston, and is the father of Mr. Bernard Shaw, Secre tary of Mines, was entertained at a public dinner at Swansea on 22nd ult» | prior to his departure from the distriot, of which he has been a residont for no less than 48 years. The ohair was occupied by Mr. John Lyne, M.H.A., and the vice-chair by Mr. Jas. Amos, and representatives of almost every family in the distriot were present. In proposing the health of the guest of the evening, the Chair man, we learn from a southern contemporary, said ' he had known Mr.. Shaw Bince his coming into the district, and that he remembered his being , placed in the commission of the peace as far back as 3839, and that during that time ho had faithfully and impar- ? tially administered justice to the best of his ability. He had been a firm friend, a kind father, and his hospitality was pro verbial, so that the district had every reason to regret his at last leaving them.' In replying to the toast Mr. Shawsaid he was pleased to see around him the descendants to the third and fourth gone ration of the pioneers of the distriot, thus showing that they had prospered and were well satisfied with the part of the island they, had held so many years. He then said he should never forget as long as ho lived their very kind reception of ? him that evening, and although intending for the future to make his home elsewhere, yet he hoped opportunities would occur from time to time by which he would again visit them. . , ?;..?? Frankford Post. — Fn response to a memorial from the residents of1 this new and promising locality, the Government has conceded to them a weekly mail, which, will take effect from Monday next, 1st July. The mail will close at Launces ton at 1030 every Monday morning, and be forwarded with the West Tamar mails to Exeter, thence to Glengarry, where the carrier from Frankford will meet it, bringing with him the mail from Frankford. The post-office will be at the Btore of Mr. Durand, who has undertaken the duties gratuitously for the convenience of the' residents. Launcbston Oocrt of Requests. — It may be of interest to readers to learn some faots and figures concerning the in crease of business in connection with this Court during late years. In the year 1868 431 summonses were issued for the 'whole year, in 1878 the number had in creased to 802, and in 1882 to 1027. For the present half year, up to June 26, 963 plaints have been received, and 254 warrants issued. Previous to 1868 there was a much larger staff to attend to matters in connection with the business of the Court than there is now, there being a Sheriff's clerk, Sheriffs officer, and summonsing officer of thej Court of Bequests. Since 1868 the duties apper taining to all these offices have fallen upon Mr. Thomas Prosser, whose task at present must not be by any means a light or easy one. The West Coast Mails.— The mining manager of the Orient T.M. Company, in his usual weekly report to his directors, Bays that something ought to be done about' the mail service between Bischoff and the Pieman. He says — ' Sometimes vre getgour mail on Sundays, at -other times on. Mondays, Tuesdays, or Wednes days, and this time on Thursday, so that I sent, for three days and only just got it. Delay always takes place between the Pieman. and BischofF. It ought to be looked into, as I often have to send twice for my mailj and making a distance of 11 . miles.' '.- ' .'-.-, Shook 6p Earthquake. — Our corres pondent reports that another . severe shock of earthquake was felt at Mathinna about 5 a.m. on Wednesday week. 1 Services at the Invalid Depot. — I reply to a'letterfrom the Superintonder of the Invalid Depot on the above subjec the Chief Secretary writes, under dai 28th inst., 'that the Government see n reason to debar lay readers duly aj pointed by the head of the denominatio to which they belong from conductin religious services in the Depot at sue times and in such room as you may aj prove, provided the services do not intei fere with the discipline of the institutior and that attendance at such services 1 entirely voluntary. As regards visitin the sick and dyirisi, there is no objectio to 'persons qualified as above from attend ing at the bedside of those of their ow denomination if the sick person aignifie his desire to you ; but- it must be dit tinctly underatood that all comraunica tions to the sick by any minister c religion or authorised layman must be ii a subdued tone, in no way to disturb th occupants of even the nearest bed. I at any time these regulations are violate! the person infringing tliem will be de barred from further visitation to inmate of the institution.' We are informec that this regulation does not apply to thi Female Depot, which ia really part of thi Gaol. Accident on the Wharf. — A labourer namodWm Shaw met with a rath ?r serioui accident 28th ult. while unloading coa from the steamer Book at tho Queen'i Wharf. He was standing on the stage lomo five or six feet above the hatchway, vhen the hook of the ascending whip, bj yhich the baskets of coal were being loisted out of the hold, caught in the idge of' the Btaging, and tipped it overj )recipitaiing Shaw down the hold, a fall -f some sixteen or seventeen feet, He ?eceived a severe scalp wound, some three nches in length, over the right temple, md complained of injury to his back. He ras taken to his home in George-street, ,nd attended by Dr. W. R. Stewart, who [ressed the scalp wound and found the pine was hurt, and that it will perharfl le some weeks before the patient is able 0 resume work. William Shaw is half irother to the unfortunate young man ames Shaw, who was drowned near Jelson's Shoals on the previous day; but rhile the latter was a single man, the armer has a wife and three little ones ependent upon him. Bowled Out. —A clear case of what is armed ' bowling out' occurred in Chambers on 29th ult during the hearing f thebankruptcycaseof Atwell and Smith, 'ho defendant Edward Smith asserted hat a number of goods that had been eized for a debt he owed belonged to his on Samuel Smith, and were, therefore, iot liable to execution. A book was iroduced containing a list of articles fhioh the witness stated were his son's roperty, and as confirmation of the truth f this assertion he showed to the Court is son Samuel's name written at the top f the page. This name he deposed was 1 his son's hand-writing, a statement rhich Mr. G. T. Collins, who appeared -r Atwell, doubted. The name was spelt Samueal Smith,' and Mr. Collins re uested the witness to write the words on piece of paper handed him. The wit ess complied with the request spelling le name 'Samueal Smith' as before. It. Collins then had the son Samuel illed, and he was requested to write his ame. This he did, and what is more, salt the' name Samuel correctly, leaving ut the unnecessary 'a.' This was a mvincing proof that the name in the ook had been written by the father, [though he denied having done so, and i summing up the case his Honor, J. Phitefoord, Esq., the : Commissioner, ated that Smith's evidence was suspi ous and not reliable. [[Marriage with a Deceased Wife's ister. — A fortnight ago it seemed cer lin that after years of fighting the bill -galising marriage with a deceased wife's ster, and having the retrospective effect i making tho offspring of Buch marriages igitimate, would pass the Parliament of reat Britain. It had passed without ifficulty through the Houseof Commons, id in the House of Lords there was for le first time a majority in favour of the loond reading on 11th June. The Prince i Wales and the Dukes of Connaught id Albany voted with the majority, and Barly the whole of the prelates in the [ouse of Lords were with the minority ho opposed it. The bill passed safely irough committee, but our London tele rams inform us it was thrown out on 3th ult, on the motion for the third lading, by the small majority of five, his means a delay of another year, but te successful passage of the bill on the jxt occasion it is brought forward may 3 looked upon as certain. Hamilton' Notes. — From a corres mdent of the Mercury we learn that Mr. . Bond, of Longford, has rented Mr. T. Sibley's premises at Hamilton for a trm of seven years, and is going to carry i the business of a bark merchant. . He commencing to erect a bark mill and ;her buildings. Mr. Bond has also pur lased the right to strip bark in some of le runs about the Ouse, and he has tken up and rented several houses in the iwnship for the accommodation of his orkmen and their families. — The Rev. [r. Wren, Church of England, the icumbent for the cure of Hamilton and le Ouse, ia about to leave, and con mplates returning to England. It is )t yet known who is to take his place. ; Obituary. — Our London telegrams; convey intelligence of the death of Mrj William Spottiswoode, L.L.D., F.R.S.,. who was born in London on 11th January, 1825, and was consequently in his 59th year. From . ' Men of the Time' we learn he took honours at Oxford College, principally in mathematics, and the de gree of B. A., but on quitting Oxford in 1847 circumstances altered his prospects in life, and rendered it necessary that he should take the management of the busi ness of the Queen's printer. He has made mathematics, philosophy, and lan guages, both Oriontal and European, hi3 chief subjects of study, and has taken an active interest in educational matters, as well as in all questions affecting the social state and improvement of the working classes. Ho was a Fellow of the Astro nomical, Royal, Geographical, Asiatic, and Ethnological Societies, and of the Society of Arts; and has contributed papers to the Philosophical Transactions, the Trans actions of the Astronomioal Society, and to scientific periodicals, English and foreign. Mr. Spottiswoode was public examiner in mathematics at Oxford in 1857-8, and has acted as an examiner under the Civil Service Commission (first year of operation) ; for the Society of Arts, and for the Middle-olasB Schools. He was appointed treasurer of the Royal Society in 1871. The honorary degree of L.L.D. waB o inferred upon him by the University of Edinburgh, August 1, 1871. He was elected corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences of Paris in 1876; and Prosident of the British Association at the Dublin meeting in August, 1878, when the University of Dublin conferred on him the honorary degree of L L.D. In 1879 he was appointed President of ?the Royal Society in succession to Sir J. D. Hooker. The Daties Slander Case.— Our Sydney telegrams state that the Blander case, Davies v. Harris, which commenced on 21st inst. at Darlinghurst, before his Honor Sir George Innes, and a special jury of 12, was concluded, last night, the jury returning a verdict for plaintiff for one farthing damages. In this case the plaintiff, Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., claimed no less than £20,000 damages from Alderman John Harris, M.L.A.-, Mayor of Sydney, for slander. The case arose out of an event that occurred in February, 1881, when Mr. Harris gave Mr. Davies a cheque for £11 lls . to pay for some expenses in connection -with the hire of the steamer Coonambara, which had been engaged by the Mayor to give a picnic on the 26th January previous to the delegates attending an Intercolonial. Conference in Sydney. .Owing to various circumstances Mr. Davies did not pay the money away, but placed it to his account at the bank, and was subse quently askod by the Mayor to refund it. He gave him back £8 2s 6d, retaining £3 8s Cd alleged to have been spent in cab hire, and the slander . was alleged to be remarks by Mr. Harris that Mr. Davies had got the cheque from him in the. first instance upon false pretences. Part of the expenses to covor which the money was asked for was two guineas to buy a hat apiece for the captain and mate of the steamer as a sort of recognition of servises they had rendered, but they never got their hats, and this item has been made a standing joke of ever since by the Sydney comic papers. Tonic Sol-fa Singing.— A concert and sight-singing demonstration by mem bers of Mr. J. Hey ward's class of certifi cated tonic sol-faists was given in the Me chanics' Hall, Hobart, a few evenings ago, and considering that the majority of those who took part had been but six months under tuition, the entertainment was a thorough success. The programme comprised part songs, glees, anthems, and choruses. During the first part of the programme, the conductor invited any gentleman present to point volun taries on the modulator, which invitation was accepted by Mr. R. M. Johnston, the choir following in a tolerably diffi cult voluntary, to the satisfaction of their impromptu leader. The chief feature of the evening, as showing the advantage of the sol-fa over other methods in regard to sight-singing, was a piece of music composed for the occasion by Mr. S.M'Burney, of Geelong, president of the Victorian Tonic Sol-Fa Association. Copies of the piece had been previously sent from Geelong to a gentle man-resident in Hobart, who handed them in their sealed state to Mr. Heyward in presence of the audience. Duplicates in the staff notation having been also for warded, a committee of old nota tioniata was formed to report upon the rendition. ' After repeating in tune to the sol-fa lettors, the choir gave a very suo cessful exhibition of sight-singing, testi fied to by Mr. J. E. Packer, on behalf of the committee, and by a sol-faist of 25 years' experience from the body of the hall; The items on the programme were, for the most part, well-known to vocalists and musio classes, but a song by Mr. S. M'Burney, entitled 'Advance Austra lia,'' with a lively air and appropriate words, was sung for the first time in Tasmania. Robbery at the Wharf. — Between the hours of eight and one on Saturday night the cabin of the ketch Flora M'Donald was broken into*, during the absence of the captain, .and mate. , A silver watoh and some clothing, the property of the mate, were stolen. | The Spanish Army. .— In accordance with the Spanish law; of military organi sation, the army of Spain has an effective of 134,000 men, of, whioh 94,000 men ar- stationed in the Peninsula, 30,000 ir Cuba and Porto Rico, and 10,000 in th- Philippine Islands. According to the data supplied by General Jovellar, in tht Spanish Senate, the French army num bers, on a peace footing, 470,000 men, with 300 generals ; that of Germany, 427,000 men, with 282 genorals ; that oi England, 315,000 men,with 179 generals that of Italy, 220,000 men, with 13C generals; and that, of Spain, ] 34,745 men, with 260 generals. These figure! show that in England there is one general to every 1759 men ; in Franco, to everj 1566 men ; in Germany, to every 1451 men ; in Italy, to every 1407 men ; and in Spain, to every 518 men.. Spain, con sequently, has in proportion three times as many active generals as the other European countries named. The Bank of England. — A London paper says : — ' One advantage of the system of temporary governors of the Bank of England now comes out. There is no fixed persistence in old rules. Every two years a new chief comes in, and, perhaps after due consultation with the tried standing' staff of the bank, re forms or innovates. The blood of the bank is, if we may say so, renewed. Nothing very radical is ever allowed, a full weekly court of directors and a con sulting committee of three keeping things nearly in the established grooves ; but variation is possible within salutary Limits. The directors represent different trades — the present governor, we believe, % leading tobacco house, and the deputy - jdvernor the Bpirit trade — and being different men have different views. These news entail varied action as successive jovernors take office. We confess to a 'eeling of immense respect for this :ehturies-old institution, which yet dis plays so many elements of perpetual routh besides its proverbial solidity.' The Trades of London. — The Lori Ion City Press says : — ' There is some hing like tragedy to be found in such a rolume aa the ' City of London Direc ory,' as many will allow who hava been [riren from the city by, pub io improve nents, or by the establishment of co iperative stores or other causes, within he past few years. As illustrations, in .871 the directory showed that there ?ere. 80 grocers, in the city, .- which Lumber had been reduced in 1883 to 48. n the same period haberdashers had Iwindled down from 39 to 22, hosiers and ;lovers from 154 to, 109, land and. estate .gents from 113. to 92, and rag merchants rdm 23 to 14. Possibly some of these -usin esses vrere old-established ones rhich could hot fall in with the new order if things, and so had been absorbed by lower ones, or had been crushed out of xiBtence altogether. There are some irofessions arid trades, however, which lave largely increased during the last welve. years, and some people will be iclined to say that it is not altogether latter for congratulation. For instance, i 1871, there were the names of 1,556 arristers in the ' City of London Hrectory,' whioh have increased till in he present year there are no fewer than 429\. ' Then accountants — in 1871 there 'ere 356, now there are 523. Furriers ave just doubled in number — that ig, tiere are 82 now, against 41 eleven years go. Fish-factors have increased from 39 to 179.' Launoeston General Hospital. — Dr. i. G. Thompson furnishes the following tatement in connection with the above istitution for the past month ; — Patients jmaining 1st June, 56 ; admitted during lonth, 39 ;.: discharged, 40 ; died, 4 ; jmaining July 1st, 51 ; deaths during ie! month — Coultas, Richard, aged 17, ied of oirrhosis of liver ; Taylor, George, ged 80, died of {senility ; O'ISeil, Mary nn, aged 80, died of pneumonia ; ftnrow, Jno., aged 55, died of abscess E brain. Of the 398 persons treated uring the 'past 'six months- 34 have ied.' ??? ; ... '?.- ;. :??,? : \ ?,'. --?-. Accident at D2lorainb. — An accident E a painful nature occurred on Friday, 9th inst. , at Deardon's saw-mill to a young lan named Arthur Barnard. By some leans he fell off the platform and dislo ited the wrist of one arm. He was iken to Dr. M'Neece's Burgery by Mr. ?eardon, and the bones having been put i position he was conveyed home com uratively free from pain. Hospital Case. — On 29th inBt. a man amed James'Murphy was brought into le General' Hospital from Deloraine, iffering from a broken leg received while irding horses at Brady's Plains, on the revious day. It appears that one of the aimals knocked a rail out of the fence, hich struck Murphy with considerable )rce, fracturing a limb. The sufferer as taken at once to Deloraine, where le injured leg was set by Dr. I'Neece, who advised his removal to the [ospital. Received. — The Australian Journal i'r July is to hand from Mr. Jno. Fitz erald. Further instalments of 'Woman's ►evotion' and ''The Double Life' are iyeri ; another p»ge from the 'Detective's Ibum,' arid the usual varied assortment F' tales and sketches, poetry, extract latter, etc., the number being a very ood one. i The Immigration Board. — We have-1 frequently complained of the seoresy in ?- which tho proceedings of tho Immigration ? Board are shrouded, but the Mercttn/.hasi been favoured with a. report of a special meeting hold on Friday, June 29, which should have -been open to the Press ' generally. The meeting was held to 'con- sider what eteps should be takon as to the reception of immigrants who are expected to arrive in Adelaide by the Orient, steamer Iberia at an early date. ? No charter party or agreement being before tho Board, they did not know what the conditions between the agents in London and the Steamship Company were, krf arrangement had been made under the old Immigration Board whereby steamship' companies bringingimmigrantsto Australia for Tasmania ceased to be responsible for the immigrants being landed in Tasmania as ' ? soon as the steamer touched at an Aua-':' tralasian port. Thus, if the Iberia brings ' immigrants under this arrangement, the- -?. Orient Company cease to guarantee the delivery of the immigrants in Tasmania,- ' or to have any responsibility, after the ?' steamer puts into Adelaide. The Tas-1 ??'.? manian passengers by the Iberia, it may ' be stated, have not been sent out by Mr. Humphries, but by the agents for. the- -. colony appointed under the old board's management. A telegram was on June ' 29 forwarded by thoflpreBent Immigration Board to . the Londoa agents, asking for information as to the arrangements which ' have been made with the owners of the ' Iberia; and if such arrangements are that ' ? the Company will not guarantee the safe : delirery of the passengers pa3t Adelaide, then an agent will have to be ' sent to South Australia to look after the immigrants on landing and to make arrangements for their safe transit to Tasmania. In reference to the question of; an immigration depot, it may be men tioned that as a very great percentage of' , those who come to Tasmania will be : nominated before leaving England, they will proceed direct from the vessel which brings them to these shores to their future homes. But as. there will be many who : will land here without any definite idea asjto what they will do, the Government intend making therBrickfields establish- : ment as comfortabhi'as possible, and there ' the immigrants will be located until such ? time , as they obtain employment.. The \ s. b. Iberia left Plymouth for Adelaide on '- '? June 16. , : Bothwell Municipal Council.— The - ?only candidate nominated1 to fill, the ?'- '?? vacanoyin- the Municipal Council' '.'6t ' ' Both well, caused by the death of Mr. JV- ? Ibbott, is Mr. Thos. E. J. Stesle, who ??--?'? willtherefore be declared dulyi elected. ? Fire . at Turner's Marsh.— On the ; ; 26th ult. a bark hut belonging to a man ' named John Sullivan, residing -at Turner's Marsh, was burnt down,1 the fire being supposed to have originated by ?' a spark from the chimney. Everything in the hut was consumed, and in halfan hour the whole place was burnt to the ground. Sullivan owns about 50 acres of ' ? land, but it is poor and scrubby, and he appears to be a very unlucky settler, for a few years ago all his fences and grass were burnt by a bush fire, and 18 months ago, at the time of the Esther Barrett criminal assault case, when going through the bush he was mistaken for the perpe trator of that assault, and shot through the arm. It appears that Sullivan gave information to the police that he could find no remains of his feather bed or a bag of flour, and said that he thought it was a case of robbery and arson, but the ? . police found the charred remains of both ; ' upon investigation. ? : : ? The Paris of To-day.— A correspoh- , dent of the Argus says :— The French capital is probably the most cosmopolitan . city in Europe. It comprehends within .' .', its walls at least half-a-dozen different, '.'' colonies, representing as many nation-1 ,' alities. Before the late' war there were ' 34,000 Germans earning a livelihood in Paris. At the present time there are upwards- of 30,000 Belgians, mostly artir ' ; zang, engaged in occupatioriB- requiring: '*' skill and intelligence, ' where they fre- : ? quently command the preference over the Parisian workmau because they are more assiduous, more patient, and less addicted to strikes and combinations. The Swiss ? colony numbers 25,000 it is said, and the ; Italian 8000. There are upwards of 6000' - Dutch, 4000 Poles, and 2500 Spaniards in/ the metropolis of France, the great majority of whom belong to the indus trious classes. The English and American colonies, on the other hand, are chiefly compoied of persons in affluent or easy circumstances, and their numbers fluctuate :'z ' . ? from year to year, and from one season to- l- another. Our own countrymen support '? half a dozen churches or chapels in Paris, and you will meet droves of worshippers-. - on a Sunday morning in the Rue', d'Aguesseau, the Rue Bayard, and the '; Rue Royale. In the afternoon they are to be found in the Bois de Boulogne, or at St. Cloud, or Versailles, in- the Musee ' Cluny, or the galleries of the Louvre, . and in the evening not a few of them may be met with at, the various :.. , theatres. . Received. — The Church News for July : 2 is to hand. It contains a good deal of : .matter interesting to the Churches., The' '? it ' -.Presbyterian Magazine for July is to hand, !-,;!? and amongst other matter contains a re- -uXl port of the recent ' Conference in Mel )ourne. ' .Ojxocttta.Inteenaxionai Exhibition. ' —Ornamental exhibits are promising ?freely, for// the' above -'Exhibition, and -there is likely to be a good display illus trative of, the artistic and 'industrial skill . of Tasmahian' ladies. We have seen some ?very beautiful articles in wools, orewels, ?and macrame work, chiefly flower designs, which have been entered. The, Commis sioner is anxious to receive all ? entries as adoviaa possible, as arrangements must be made .for packing the goods. United Masonic CHomi— A meeting was.held at the Masonic Hall on Thursday for the purpose of forming - a united Masonic Choir, when there was a fair attendance. , The necessary steps were taken for carrying out the object, of the meeting, and it was decided to ask the support of the different lodges in xhe town!' : A Committee was appointed con aisting of .Messrs. S. 0. , Sadler, W. 0 . Smith, M. El Kobinson,; 0. , Dempster, E. H.;,Power, and . officers of the ohoir, -ex ?ofiicio. Mr. F. Ferguson was appointed conductor, Mr. E. H. Power organist' and. , Mr; ' 0. Morrison secretary and treasurer.. ,FliAiiKFOEB POST-OFFICE. — A COITe- I apcftident writes that a few persons at. Prankford are dissatisfied with the ap-'i pointment of Mr.' Durant'as postmaster, but, lie.ia o£ opinion that a more suitable, { person -could not have boon selected, as his store is centrally situated; Our\cor reepondent concludes' .with a few words ; of ''wholeaome '.'advice i-^,', It behoves! everyone who has the good of the colony., at.;; heart to ;promote, not .retard-, the ; general good ? - and advancement .of the \ district' in -.which he resides.''' We cordially endorse this sentiment; '' '. ? 'The T.S.N. Go. CtoFioEs.— One of the ' amartest pieoeBof work effected by a con- , tractor here. is. the erection of a , qomtnor , dious'store 'at the rear of the T. S.N.'v.Coy i offices, to be principally utilised. for ship'si stores.. The contract, was taken by Mr. H. T: RusBell on' March 22nd, to be finished ? at the ..end of July, but by the measure's taken- by the contractor the' work :has tieem completed a month within the Dresoribed tjme. . The building is of brick; with two flats', and gabled ends,, measuring |60ft. Jong by 30ft.. broad, and fromi: ground surface, to top of pointing gable '35ft.'; The; weather end and back . are cemented, .as is also the floor on the low.er i; flat,;' the -rotrf'. being, covered .with galvanized' iron.'1 i Ample ?Tight is^iven,' and a staircase and lift worked 'by an endless rope communicates with the upper flat, 'a' small par fc! of which is divided off into1 a -compartment' for -odds and ends. ( The upper flat is carried on girders' and the jvhple building, is Btrong and sub-, stan tiai.'..-: The outer premises have been thoroughly drained and improved, and a new fence put ,up.in, front of.the offices, wh'ich: are to ' be' completely''' renovated. ' Mr: Henr.y. Hunter, of;, -pobart, was' the architect, and Mr.; L, vG.-Oorrie carried out thefiplans. -'Messrs. Boll and Hay-' w-Jpd;will. remove' from:(the offices now occupie'd'b'y them in' the T.S.N. Ob.'s buildings .- into (-their-' new premises next week.'-'--11- ?'?]-- ??-'? -?'-.' -.-?'??'-;? ;??'* ;':-' ?? ? ROSA TOWERS DRAMATIC COMPANY - This company finished a very successful tour of the country districts this week at Deoraine. With regard to Mr. Towers' s bankruptcy, it transpired at a meeting of creditors held in Hobart on Wednesday last, that his, arrest in this town on the 18th uit. under the Debtors Act was at the suit of R. J. Brooke, recently a mem- ber of the Rosa Towers Dramatic Com- pany, for an alleged debt of £27 l0s. The warrant was set aside by Mr. Justice Dobson on sureties, being forth'conimg. At the meeting an affidavit was produced from. Mr. Brooke, in which he claimed only £10 16s, and.an affidavit also from his wife for a similar .amount. We are informed matters' passed off in a satisfac- tory manner at the meeting, and that the creditors have aooepted a composition offered by Mr Towers. T! Tk, 0. A;^A:'Uecbure ..ort'th^'^'liife'gf/ ? Eijwjrit J.' . Irving' _was .delivered .|;at'-' itiiec above, rooms on: Thursday? last by .'the Re v- - D.t Anrieaf-i who treated' his subject in^a most Interesting and instructive' 'manner,!' givitig'a: good insight into: .the' .'manner, ways,- and. ,, customs of . .ihia ? great ,and ? remarkable man. -?.: Thelecturer.ir.elated a, good many incidents connected with5 -the' ? subject; 'which was well received through-' out.' ' .The Rey. 0. Price' (chairman), and' the.ltev. JVfMirains,' 'both of whom had Beeia :and - heard '.Mr. Irving, .also gave, some account of his life. Mr. J. Long and friends Tendered .vocal selections during the. evening, and after a vote of, thanks to the lecturer and chairman the meeting closed with a Benediction.- .? CAiMpbelIi Town Council^— The'usual, quarterly meeting of the Campbell Town' Counoil' was to' have been held Thursday, but as the day proved to be inconvenient' ? ' for'several Councillor's, the meeting was adjpvlrned for a .week. ' ; ' ''.';;' ' ? ; , GHOSTS. — An attempt is( being made in the' old:cburitry to revive the belief in visitantsjf rom anbthe*' World; and many are the wonderful ? Btories that fill- some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to : adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ?' Howdb I know 'that you are .not a bit of undigested' bread;?' for, of all the ghost producers, a' bit of ? 'heavy' bread is the most potent. It ib a wonder,' therefore,:thatipeople do not adopt thb* surest spell against ghosts by using Borwiok's Gold'Medal- Baking Powder - in ; making bread J ?' for,' although- it won't,' raise^ ghosts,1!' -'if WiM raise1 'bread; 'in the jmbst! admirable 'fashion.; Every ?wise' storekeeper bas-it by him/and'eVery' ood housewife buys t. . .u-isoy; .u' iJ.'yn .-???'' lh-.yo ,f-K.j!'»i-D ,\i AY ;v.v,'Xi ,.).i--Jaii-.-J 