TKe' Storyteller. FRIENDSHIP TESTED. .' .' Weighed in.tlje balanc, ,Ada, weighed 'and found wnhtinn. I dare riot entrust my happiness to a man who drinks, even thmu»h be be, in all else my ideal of manly nobility. This one evil habit fixes between us .1 constantly widening gulf. After all, Ada, I never rnallv loVfld.him.' -r Thus/ ran thej fragment ,of a ,not'e which Tarold Liwrence crushed in his hand as thouch'it hadibeen his doarh warrant,, 1 ThH is 'the-' end Ned. As surnly at I crush this cruel note in my hand, so surely do I ernsh in my heart the love which I bore forMahel Stacey,' h« said hoarsnlyi ; 'Do not, be so hnsty about it}' Harry old fellow^ !, iThere.must be some mistake about this.' ' No, there bin be none. I tried to think there was but it is all too plain. Misi Stacey has b.oen' making a special study of my oharactor,! nnd this is the result of hor criti cal examination,' he said bitterly. '?''I must admit, Harry, that' tho study has buen a close one. Whv, we have all thought you as good as engaged, an 1 1 have been so loyal to you that I haven't tried to get up 'jven.a ghost of a flirtation with your fair Mabel, ' ' Don't say my Mabel !' interrupted Law ronce fiercely. ' She i3 nothing to me nothing whatever.? ? 'Your face balies your wor.la my hoy ; tho -love of- nature like yours mnst diea natnral deatb. You oan't strangle it. Vorgive mv olainneass,' he added as Lawrence turned haughtily away j 'you know I'm a Drivilegod character.' The' friendship of Harold Lawrence and Elward Farley had always been character ised by kindly frankness, especially on the part of the latcer, and it was not strange that he should thus speak his mind. ' Bat I say, Harry,' he ' continued, ' what Iocs she mean by v- that one evil habit ?' Surely you are not a drinking man,?' 1 No^.Ned, I have no tas'e for liquor, even if it were against my princ'plo to use it, and 3aye; the usual social ' glass, I never touch oven'wine. .The other day Mi's Stacoy tonic me to task for drinking wi- ie with her uncle ?vnd I half jokingly defeude 1 myself and the habit, but she must hav kno.vn I was not m eirnesl;, and would willingly become a total abstainer.' ' But you will explain, or allow me to ? 4\. littln misunderstanding like this ought nnt tn drive yoa awiyy, for I lionoitly believe Flarold that' Mabel Stacey loves yui. v ''A love which is coldly witching for flaws is not the love 1 require : btsidos sho con fidentially informs this shallow-brained Miss Ada that sho never reallv loved him. Oh, what a cursed fool [ have been I I who pride mysulf upon my knowMgn of human nature, to to blindly led by a heartiness coquette. ? 'And; lh»ve thought her so pure, ?uiu true, and womanly ' DV Farley's blue eyui flashe.l, and ho was iibqut.to' speak biit ciiicking himself walkud away. Whon he ruturnml to the rasr.io buuch where his friend .sit, tharo wero nn l.r.iu')f of ingerin Iiib face, but his voij^ vas lusky as he-^aid;'1 Its hard line-i fjiwruinju. ha-der hf you fcha'i ib would lie for it follow like me Biit I sympathis.) with yoi. I oant thiuk ?liough Mabel meant tn trifle with you. You lit not kuotv hor, fcliah is all. ?Ltwrenco shi.ik his head and did not sneak. For soni moments th-y s.it in silence, ^--At- length,-- as by a sudden ell'ort, llarold^rbse, anil ?ihrutciin? on1; his hund. oicclaimed,i''jWoll;..6id fellow, gnod-byu ! I hive stayed iu tins eudi'intud spot to 1 long already. To-day [sail foiv- Livariwll.' ... . !' Don't give up ia,this style, Harry. , It will turn out all right if you only will stay.' py;-. p '?--«;. ^ t? ; ? ?? ' .'??,? . {' Its of.no^use,' if «u don't, urge me. ; Good bye 1 I want to bTe!alone.' '? ??? '???? ,'If you must go.'^itid. Ned, 'good-byp.^ and with bauds clasped more expressive than words tb.'ejtw?o friend.a parted. '.''.' UA ;Tho friendship of.theso. two mon couldbe. explained only' by the law of opptaites.-' Edward Farley was a rising youuy dootor who had boon a former college frieud of r,avyrerioe'8r His frank genialra inner and liis') sympathntio adaptabillity made him a general favorite. Harold Lawrence was an nrtist, very talentod and sure to be successful in his chosen profession.' flu was a man whom all respooted, whom many admirud and whom few' Iov9d. Cold and ro'icent to the world in general, few understood tho warmth of his heart or the intense possibilities of his nature. To Nod Farley ho had opened his heart, feeling here was one whom he could fully trust. One other had won tho confi dence of Lawrence, This was Miibol Stacey, -VVhau Brat he met her he felt that at last he riadforirid his ideal of womanly perfection. Close acquaintance confirmed this impression, and as the acquaintance ripened into friend ship, and the friendship into love, even a carelps3 obsorver must havo noted how well suited tbey wore to oaoh other. So different, and yefeablTtheTsomplsraent of tho other in character. - ' For weeks Itirpid Lawrence liagoredat Lakeside, charmed by tho spell of Mabel's firoBeuoe. At last, confident that his great ove was returned, he was about to kpoak, in words, the'truth'she so well knew, 'when he aocideuta ly' dame across this uoSe whioh' occasioned the foregoing conversation. iTd'a man of the world, who had iudulgod in: a dozen flirtations this would have seemed but'alittlo thing.' To such a man ai Harold Lawrence it was a terrible blow. Never. before had liis' proud-soul bowed at tie shrine'' of -love. ? Bestowing ought, 'he mast bestow all , and suspicion that the fair young girl had triflnd wit.h th» highest and holiest pission of his heart was agony to him. But she should never know, of his humilation. Onlv Ned knew his sehret and he was too loyal to disclose it. He would retire within himself once more, and live the life of proud, unbelieving desolation. Ho would crush out the. last spark of love, even- ifbyso doing, he crashed his own heart. Hence forth art and art nlone should claim him. ' Arter the' departure of Lawrence, Dr Farley batted with conflicting emotions. Ho, too, Io7«d M able Stacoy. In childhood they had been playmates, ?and now, after a separa tion of ton years, they were- again residing in the same town, and the former intimacy was renewed. . Mablo Staoey's strong womanly nature delighted in the companionship of cultivited intelligent minds, and it was not stranae that she and Dr Farley had become firm fribnds. She did not dream of flirting with him. That was far beneath her. She onlv know that sho enjoyed his company, and being singu larly free from Belf-consciousness, tho idea of falling in love with him never entered her mind. Nor was Farloy aware of that pos sibility until Harold Lawrencn came to spond thft-summor months with him. His quick perception soon undprstnod that his friend was captivated and only too evident was the' truth that Mablo's heart had, at last, found its kin(?. Then Dr Farley rend bis own hesrt; but, always wholly nnsolfisli ; ]je could not mar the happiness of bia friend hy one hint of the truth. But nnw. what was hiH duty ? He had done his best to per suade Lawrence to stay, and had failed. ' If that note was true and she does not love Hurry, whv should I try to recall him? Why may I not win tlie treasure that ho has j-iv»n up?' Thus his heart pleaded, hut loyal friendship said nay. Finally,, with white, determined face, Dr Farley rose and went into tho house. ' It will ruin Harry'R whole lifo.' he said to him. self. 'I must do what I can for him. I will find out if sho loves him. If she;does not ; then I can do nothino for him. But if she does — well. I will find out tn-niehfc.' That evening ho nailed on Mabel. Sho was sitting at the open window, and as he ap proached he paused a moment in theshidovv of tho maples to unze at the lovolv nicture. Ho had always admired Mabel, but never had she seemed so ,. beautiful as to-n:gbt. Her toilet was the perfection of simple white, and the ffivny laces at her throat and wrists seem«d almost a part of tho moonlight which crowned bar radier.t lieauty, ( 'As he ndvaricod, shs rnseto greet him. A fi1ii;ht,shadow crossed her face, hnt it miclit have been the flickering changes of the moon light, for as she bade him welcome there was nothing to indicate that ho was not an expected guest. 'Ah, Doctor Ned,' she said caily, 'your patients mnst be inoreasing of latn. They monopolise you entirely. I protest !' 1 1 have been busy, Mabel, but you nnqht not to miss mv calls, when I send such an' excidlont sub-'titutH.' ' How remarkabiy free from self-psteem yon would have me think you to be.' said Mabel, laughingly. 'Just as thouah you rnallv thought that a straimer, a mem pnssine acquaintance could eomnnnsato for the lossnf an old friend. By the way how long does Mr Lawrence remain with yon ?' ' Ho left this mnrnin-.'. H«j intends to spend a year or more in 'Rurone. I shill lilies him sadly. Harry is a grand, good follnw, thoiiRh but few anprociafce him as vnu and I do.' II« was watching her closely, hut iiftnr tho first start of surprise, could discern no trace of emotion. ' Ho li-ft rather suddenly, did he not ?' sho remarked carelessly. ' Rather. I did not know until tins morning that he was soinsr. I supposed, however, that ho informed you of his sudden freak last evening.' 'Not 11 word. Oh, well, it is not very s' range after all, only ono naturally would expoct a farewell cull. Now if you wore sroing away yon would rush frantically about town vainly attemptincr to honor eacli friend with the lash call ; but that dark-browed friend of yours is nftnr 11 different pattern. He is utterly incomprehensible.' ? 0 Mabel, he is one of the best fellows alive.' ? Repetition ! repetition !' she interrupted, saucily. ' I've hoard that dozens of timos. Come, your tenor is surely rustimr for want of use. Let us practice ciiis diu-c' ?As you will, Qupon Mil),' and soon they were at the piano, their voices blending* in rich harmony As Dr Farley walked home that night it was with a lighter heart than he had known for weeks. ' She does not lovo him.' he murmured cxnltingly. Then with a sudden pang nf remorse ho wondered how ho could rejoice over the vory fact which had caused his friend's sorrow. ' But slio does not caro for him, and she never will,' he said. ' I am free to woo and win her, my Mabel, my beautiful quL'on.' The weeks flitted by, and October came, with its rich, golden days. It was on ono of the'o afternoon's that Dr Farley found oouvagn to tell bis story, Tho olnqueneo of lnve pleaded for him as he toll hor how long be hud loved her in silence, of his jiv when ho learned that her heart was not another's ; of all tho bright hopo3 ho had cherished in the golden weoks that had just passod. Ho pictured his wife as it would bi' if inspired by her prpsenco, by her lovo. In brief, U-) pleaded his caso with all the power of lovo. Mablo listened as ono spell bound, but n ? terrible strn'-i»'o was fiointj on within hor breast. A great tom.iit--r.ion, tho ?'r.-atofc she hud over known, now factd hor nnd would nnt he conquered. Sho yielded t.i the forces which iw 'jelled her and, as hor lover waited for an answer, she had decided to speak the words which would seal hor fate for ever. . Sbo would givo.her hand without hor heart. Clear and distinct cama hor answer, ' Dr, .Farloy, you do me groat honor. I thnnk you for your offer, and will bo?omo your wife.' ? . How cold and formal sounded those stiff sentences, after the impassioned- appeal tn which. she had listened. But her lover did not think of this j ho only knew that the woman of his choice had promised to b .? -his wife. , At Christmas time Dr. Farley was tti claim his bride, for this was his wish and Mabel had passively assented ' I am anxious to takn you from the lonely lifo which you must lead here in this old minsion,' ho said to her one day. ' Not lonely while I have uncle nnd doir auntie to pet and scold me ; hesidss you forgot the literary work which occupie3 nioat of mv time.' ' Forgot what I never know ? How could you keep that from mo so long?' exclaimed Ned, reproachfully. ; ' I seldom speak of my ' asnirations ' tn any ono, and my tiny wreiHi of laurels is nf suoh recent growth, and so liable to wither that T hardly feel justified even now in showing you this,' and she took from hnr desk tho first ohapter nf a series and passed them over for bis inspection. ' Ah, Sappho I' he said, playfully, ' let me provo what a merciless critic I am.' ' Very well, Herr Surgeon, and whilo you mutilate this child of my bruin, I beg leave to spend a short time in writing. ; A sudden exclamation suddenly arrested his attention and she looked up inquiringly ' ' What is'it? Why, Ned. are you ill ??' ' Yes— no I This note— what does this' jnean?' and ho read. 'Weighed in the1 'balance, and found wanting,' etc. i ? Did yon over write that to Ada Somers ? But yon didn't ; of course you didn't. Oh how blind. we werp.' . '1 Mabel lookod bewildered. ' I do not Understand; please explain, .Palo, and. excited, Dr. Farley hurriedly told the storj-'of tho note found by_ Harold Lawrence, 'months before. ? The will power whioh bad sustained Mabel so long deserted h«r.- Shi sank into a chair and stretobed put her, .hands, in piteous appeal to her lover. ' It was only a stray bitof my1 manusoript and this, this caused all that terrible misun derstanding.' iOh, Nod, I loved him, I loved him !' Mabel seemed to forget everything except tho ono fact that sho loved Harold, and that he had indeed loved her. The thought of ;t ji'e pain her words gave Dr. Farley did not forco itself upon her consciousness at first, but when sho did remember she would have given much to recall those words. For sevoral minutes thoy sat in Rilnuco, this man and woman, both so utterly miserable. To each tho truth had come as a blinding flash, And the events of the past were dear to both. At length Dr. Farley 'rose, and with unsteady steps left the house. He must ba alono. By and , by he could talk it over calmly, but now he must go, away out of sight of those pleading oyes. Mechanically, he returned home. He paced slowly up and down under the oldi elms, and finally paused' at the very old spoti where just four months' before ho had parted with Harry Lawrence. Ho 'saw it all so clearly now. Many things which have seemed mysterious, were now painfully distinct. Muhel, his Mabel, loved Harold Lawrence. When he left so abruptly, without even a farewell message, sho felt that he had been flirting with her, and . hor lovo and pride was terribly wounded. Her strong will had enabled her to hide her sorrow, however, and Nod had not guessed hor secret. Sho felt that tho one man she loved had cruelly decoived her, and when sho saw tho groat wealth of love which Dr. Farloy laid at' her feet, her wounded heart yearning for the tenderness whioh had been denied her, accepted his devotion. Ho saw now that sho never had loved him. She would try to make him happy, but he felt that bitter truth — her heart would never be his. And now cams the temptation. Should he relinquish his claim on her and send for Harry Lawrence ? Should he give up the woman ho loved ? ? Her sense nf honor would novpr allow her to ask for a roleieo. After the first shook of surprise she would bo proudly silent concern ing what she had learned. In time sho might learn to love him. Why givo her up ? Then ' came thouahe8 of duty, of honor. He re called to mind a letter ho once wrote to Harold, in which ho had said, ' Our friend ship is tho sort which will bear test, Law rence ' Ah I hpre was a test. Should he be loyal to friendship ? Firmly ho said, 'I will give her up ' 1 Just whore I left you,' said a familiar voice. ' ? ' Harry Lawrence !' exclaimod Ned, and instantly self was forgotten. Tlie haggard face nf his Wend was all that was noodftd to confirm his resolution, and hn felt a thrill of triumph, as ho thought of the joy that was in store for his friend. 'I thought you were in TCnrnpo ' he said, 'and have wondered why you did not write.' ' I missed that vossnl and before the next left port I had dee'dod to abandon my trio nnd spent a few wyks in the mnnntains. I have henn ro'ing around hero a.id there, as fancy directed, nnd now could nnt resist the longing to visit LaknMde onc» more : to see von and hear from Mihal. H iw is she ? Is she well * ia she hanpy ?' ' Verv unhnpny ! ' snid Ned. gravely, and in few words he tnirt him what he had learned that mnrning. 'And now co:no with me.' He lnn«ed to have the ord»al over as soon nn possible, for bo was only human, it-id what if his friendshii) should not stand the test. Iu a few m nnenU thoy stood in the presence of Mab-d Staooy. Dr Farley sp'ike in a voice that was grave and tender, ' Mabel, my friend, ray sister, a misunderstanding came near blighting the Hvps of two lic-int:3 u-h'-in. of all the world, I hold most ilo.ir. T)-dny tho cloud is lifted and I bid yni r«j -i -e in the light. Mabel, Hnrry, may -'!n-l l-leS3 yon both I ' One Wis-i nn the fair hce upturned, in lmppy bewilnVrmiMir., ono impulsive embrace nf. the manly doctnr from his friend, and he borne out and left. them. Friendship had passed the test, — Detroit Echo. 