THE LOST FLORA. BY ANNE BEALE. Past I. — Brother and Sister, - A golden sunset m a golden cornfield ; the rippling sea below, the cloudless sky above. At the extremity of the cornfield, gazing alternately on sea, sun, and sky, stood a young girl, whose slight figure seeded all- j aglow in the kindled glory of the evening. A cool breeze had succeeded to the sultry heat of a July day, and waved the yellow treasure I at her back, moving her soft hair with it ; while below the cliff on which she had placed herself the ocean also stirred dreamily at the, light touch of the playful zephyrs. Right across the sea, from setting sun to cornfield, was a radiant path, which seemed to ter minate just where the young girl stood and almost to invite her to cross it. It must be— it is — the glory of God,' she murmured, as she gazed on the huge, majestic ball of fire that sank grandly, slowly, imper ceptibly, lower, lower, till it appeared to vanish in the breast of the sea. Then the western heavens turned crimson, and purple, and emerald, ani ocean wore the colours of the sky, as if in playful rivalry. No living thing was there save that quiet maiden, and the sunset glory and nature's peace were perfect. She turned from the contemplation of the scene with a sigh and threaded the tall corn stalks with their golden fruitage. The path- was almost imperceptible, but she was carefnl to fiud it lest she should trample under foot one of those prickly ears that would be. food for man. At the end of the cornfield was & stile, which she crossed, and which led to the downs, studded here and there with more patches of golden grain. 4 Lucy !' shouted a voice, which startled her for the moment, then led her in the direction whence it came. 4 Oh, Felix, such a sunset !' she exclaimed, as she was met by a young man walking in hot haste. No time for etinsets; got a patient,' replied Felix. A patient ! Oh, let ns hasten !' cried Lucy, actually running over the down in her 4 Not so fast ; for I have walked several miles to find him, and am afraid he won't pay.' 4 It is always the same !' cried Lucy, stay ing her steps. The pair walked briskly side by side until they reached a rough hilly road which led to a small, scattered hamlet at the foot of the downs, and within earshot of the sea. They made for a tiny houee in the centre of a tiny garden, which stood alone, above, bat within sight of, sundry other cottages almost as big but cot quite eo respectableand commanding a view of the sea beyond. They went into a email parlour, where taste had to compensate for paucity of furniture, and. where a frugal inpper was spread. 1 Lucy, do you think you could get a boy to cairy the medicine to that null wo passed yesterday? It doesn't look professional to give advice first, then rush home for the remedies, and walk a couple of miles" to administer them, and I am as tired as a dog with three legs.' Thus Bpake Felix, and almost before he had finished Lucy was out of doors again, hnrrying towards a labourer's cottage at no great distance. A man in a smock frock was lounging against the doorpost smoking his pipe, and a big, stolid-looking youth was seated on a three-legged stool hard by. 4 How is Mrs. Mason ?.' began Lucy, as, with rustic politeness, the man removed the pipe from his mouth, and the boy rose from the stool on which he was rocking him6elf. 4 She be a sight better, miss, thank 'ee ; and sure enough we be thankfal to Dr. St&nmore; for bringing her through. He's wonderful clever,' replied Mason. 4 Gould your son do us a little favour, Mr. \fason — that is to say, if he isn't too tired after his day '8 work?' 4 Bless your heart, miss, he bain't never tired ; no call to be tired at his age. Any thing we can do to sarveyou we wilL There's my misBUB a-tormenting herself about how ehe can ever pay the doctor.' 4 Oh, never mind that, Mr. Mason. But my brother has been to a patient at a mill over the downs, and I am sorry to say he is old enough to be tired, or — or — you see, he doesn't quite care about going back to the mill with the medicine.' 4 No call, so long as Sam Can do it. 'Tis Miller Thompson of Willant Mill, I'll be bound, and young master must look sharp for his money. He's terrible near, he is ; and they do say he've got gold in all his old stockings. Haw, haw !' 4 Oh ! never mind ; but if your son ' Off with you, Sam, and mind you be back in a jiffey. Just look in upon my missus, please, miss; she'll be mighty glad to eee ee.' While Lncy went into the cottage and spoke to a woman seated near the fire on a settle, Sam started for her small abode. 'I mustn't stay, Mrs. Mason,' Bhe said, 4 because my brother hasn't had his supper ; but we are both very glaii you are better.' 4 Thank the Lord and the doctor, miss ! Bat how ever shall I pay the good young gentleman V 4 Oh ! never mind, Mrs. Wasoiv Good evening. I will look in again to-morrow.' 4 Never mind ' was Lucy's favourite mode of getting over many problems, though a weight of anxiety often lay beneath the simple words. She hurried home and met Sam, armed with an important-looking basket, which contained a bottle of mixture and a box of pills. ' Mason Eays the miller can afford to pay, Felix,' she exclaimed, as she tossed off her hat. 4 So much the better ! But he looks a queer old fellow. I was examining his picturesque old mill and thinking what a quiet world we had got into after the great Babel, when an elderly man hobbled out, covered with flour, and asked if I wasn't the young doctor come to these parts lately who attended the poor for nothing. I made a wry face, and assured him I charged whenever there was a chance of money, but that the agricultural labourers seemed to have none to spare. 41 Just the same with the millers — poor as churcb mice. Nobody but the equire and the parson with money," said he, and forthwith began to con sult me about his rheumatism and other ailments. I grew as grave as a judge, felt his pulse, examined his tongue, inquired into his sympt ms, and suggested, with medical experience, that he must be feeling so and so, and so and so ; upon whioh he assumed that I must be a clever youog chap to know what wa the matter with him before he told me, and asked me to give him something to cure the disease, of which I already knew a sight more than he did. This posed me, but I promised to do my best, and only hope I may, give him ease, for he is evidently a great sufferer.' 'Did you look at hie stockings?' asked Lucy. 4 Not particularly. Why ? They were white with flour, and I suppose he woie them to keep his legs warm, as the typical miller of the riddle does his hat.' 4 Mason eaid he had plenty of gold in his stockings, and it is high time, Felix, that you should get money, for our store is nearly exhausted, and even down here one can't live on nothing.' Patience, Lucy. It is sure to come. I hope you don't regret our venture. Such' glorious air, and sky, and sea ; so healthy, so different from grimy, smoky, over-peopled London, where everybody is thrusting .every body else out of the crowd or trying to crush them to death in it. And vre have been so well since we came here ; and you have such a colour that you look quite — well, I won't say handsome, lest you should snub me.' 4 Only pleasant,' laughed Lucy. « That is the highest compliment ever paid me. 44 So pleasant looking" was what Dr. Singleton said of me when he told you there was an opening here for a medical man, and I have never forgotten it. I wonder how he found the opening during the few hours he was at Eastbourne for a' consultation.' ' Somebody told him of a district without a doctor, and he named it to me, as you know. And here we are, and must make the best of it.' Felix and Lucy Stanmore looked at each' other somewhat ruefully. They had been bom in the oountry and bred in London, and when their parents died, leaving thein to fight life's battle as valiantly as they could, they resolved to do so in tha country, if possible. All they wanted was the desired 4 oDeninJ without purchase and no sooner had Felix heard of the Sussex hamlet of Millford, where there was 4 positively no medical man' neater than Eastbourne ' then he travelled from town to see for himself, and when he returned thither told his sister that he had actually taken a bouse, jand meant to 4 strike the iron while it was hot.' Lucy was prudent, and, although three years younger than Felix, more apt to count the cost. Women are often more far-seeing 5f!V But deed was done, and to j . theJ came» leaving a younger brother and sister at school, the former at the Medical Benevolent College, the latter with a lady who had been a friend of their mother. Their father had been & medical man, but had died without making a fortune, though he had left a few hundreds behind him, which sufficed to give Felix a start and to help the other children. Lucy had cast her modest portion into her brothel's venture at Millford, saying they would sink or swim together. Not unnaturally, when they were settled in their wee house, they found that they wanted introductions. Dr. Singleton had named them to his medical friend at Eastbourne, but as yet they had not even seen him, ami of course, the neighbouring gentry were duly doctored by medical men of standing. So were the farmers — bo, in fact, was every one who could afford to pay; and Felix found that although he had stumbled upon what he hoped would prove the desired 'practice without purchase,' he would have to wait a long time before he became known. But he did not deBpair. He vigorously set to work upon the labourers and their families, fortu nately curing many and killing none, for, as he eaid, 4 they were so tough ;' but pay they either could or did not, and, indeed, he had not the heart to ask. Still, they often paid in kind, and were so grateful that both be and Lucy knew that they were followed by 4 the prayers of the poor,' and were 4 laying up treasure in heaven.' 4 We must give Sam something for taking the medicine all that way, said Lucy, ruminating over the exchequer. 4 By no means. I visit his mother; he visits the miller. One good turn deserves another. Why should not we doctors have our tithes as well as the parsons. But one thing I mean to say, that when they want medicine they must pay for it. Advice gratis is all very well, but 'medicine is out of the question, and I mean to draw in before my stock of drags is exhausted.' 4 Please, miss, you're wan'ed,' hsre broke in Jenny, a small servant girl, Lucy's cne household help. Lucy went into the little kitchen, where she found a ycung woman whose mother Felix bad attended. She had a basket on her arm. ; 4 Make so bold, mies,' said ths girl, with a curtsey, 4 but mother aske your acceptance of a few new-laid eggs and some vegetables. I couldn't come earlier, because them spasms was coming on, and there wasn't a drop o' the medicine left. But they passed off much easier than they used before Dr. Stanmore prescribed. He've done her a sight of good, and ehe says he's a deal oleverer than Mr. Bolus ; bat then, to be sure, as mother and father always says, he must be, beoauu he is from London ' 4 Oh ! thank you ! Tell your mother we are so much obliged to her I What 1 white eggs ! What ! green vegetables 1' cried Lucy, ecstatic ally. 4 Wait - one moment ;' and Lucy returned to the parlour, continuing her speech without interruption. 4 Oh, Felix I such eggs 1 such vegetables ! such a nice girl! All the result of your talent ! And she calls you Dr. and the parish doctor only Mr. Bnt all the medicine is gone and the spasms have returned.' 4 1 know. Widow Worthy they call her, and her name doesn't belie her nature,' replied Felix. 4 You must go and see her and read to her ; I told her yon would. But that medicine was no end of a price, and I say I ean't, and I won't.' 4 Oh, Felix ! poor mamma always eaid you were too positive,' interrupted Looy. 4 44 Ho that giveth to the poor lendeth to the Lord," you know. If we only have faith, it is sure to come back.' 1 We have been expecting it a long time and it hasn't come, and we wall go bankrupt on our expectations,' returned Felix, pulling a melancholy face. 4 Just this once,' pleaded Lucy. 'The gift is really worth more than the medicine. I am almost sure I saw an empty bottle beneath the vegetables waiting to bo filled. Of course you did. They think we're made either of money or medicine- Just | bring the bottle and we shall see.' Lucy left the parlour and returned with a phial. 4 Your writing, Felix. 44 Two tablespoonf uls to be taken when the spasms are coining on. Mrs. Worthy." What a good, clear hand you write ! No one would be poisoned by mistake if all medical men were eo -particular. It is like poor papa's, and he always said one should never be in a hurry.' What a humbug you are, Lucy! And you know he ruined himself and all of as doctoring costermongers and all the rest of 'em ; and now that I have come down here to get rid of the family bailing, yon are dragging me into the mire again. Give me the bottle.' Felix went into a cupboard of a. room just large enough to hold himself and one patient !?? Called "8 eargeir, and carefully refilled the empty bottle, Lucy watching him from the passage. This small apartment was lined with shelves, which were, in their turn, filled with all sorts and sizes of bottles oontaining manifold nauseous mixtures, as well as with various tZTamT? Jh J?"'' aa W called cbntaioed an arm-chair and a high stool, and it would have been difficult, if not impossible, to insinuate any other artiole of furniture. The lowest shelf, served thill? V? 6 wescritoirc, on which Felix wrote his labels and such memoranda as he dotted down in connection with his patients. From this window' tie was happy enough to have a view of the scattered hamlet and the sea beyond. Wl!l to her myself, Lucy,' he ' P®O0ding her to the kitchen, where the aSf? ?wi Vegetea W6r® displayed on the -The ot this is— ' he ImS i <?r?sm8 the Yoong woman, who curtseyed as he entered, took the bottle, and £18 Torda bv a fiod grateful messages from her mother Please, sir, I was to tell yon that she don't snow herself since ehe've a took that medi- cme. and that she wishes she oonld pay you for it, if only the prioe 4 The prioe is ' interposed Felix. uU«yoa 8€e' 6ir» 8nd yoa. miss, «he have 1 T a crown 8 week from the parish. and what I can earq by my needle. went on ftfise Worthy, heedless of Felik's efforts ; 4 and she hopes the Lord will pay you, tor she never can. And there's a many more would like to sty that medicine, because it have an car cured mother.' 'Tell them they shall have it at two killings— no, say eigliteenpbnQe a bottle, said Felix. 'Bat they i&ust; aome and fstch it, eo that I may be sure it will suit them. At any rate, I will give them something else lor their eompl&inte; at the same price. I'm afraid we haven't got eighteenpenee, sir,' aaid the young woman, patting the phial on the table near the eegs. Not to yon— next time. Take it to your mother. I'll look in upon her in a day or so,' said Felix, hastily thrusting the 'bottle into the empty basket. Tell her how much obliged we are for the eggs. Boil a couple at onoe, Jenny, and we'll have them for suppdr.' Mother will be proud 1' said the widow's daughter, departing with more acknowledg ments and curtseys. Luoy laughed as tbey returned to the parlour, and at last they sat down to supper. 1 Don't get such eggs as these in town, Lucy. Just laid, I should say,' remarked Felix, eating with an appetite. ' One's own earnings are sweet, and these are mine. I Bhould like to see our friend Sam before I go to bed. It was late to send him so far, and he can't be back before ten, I forgot country hours, and that he would naturally be asleep by this time.' After supper the brother and sister wan dered out into the moonlit night, and finally met Sam, who told them that the miller grumbled at the sight of the taedicine, yet said he should be glad if the doctor would look in again when he was passing. He wants everything for nothing,' grinned Bain. Past H. — No Paying Patients. Not having much else to do, Felix and Luoy had well explored the neighbourhood of Millford. They had walked over Beacby Head, and examined the curious pointed rocks called the Charless near that bold and tremendous eminence; they had visited Belle Toute Lighthouse, and roamed over the wild downs near it ; they had managed to reach Eastbourne, though it was many miles off ; and had wandered by windmill and Martello tower iu search of novelties. They had several windmills within eaBy reach, and a Martello tower on the shore not jar from Millford. Lucy, who hated war, was glad that the latter, originally bailt to gqard the coast from the French, was iu distise, and gradually decaying ; but she liked to watch the great arms of the former, as theyl waved their hanging sleeves in their zeal to meet the wind and grind the corn. Accordingly, when Felix considered it ex pedient to pay another visit to the miller, she proposed accompanying him, promising to remain outside the mill while he made the best he could of his doubtful patient. ' It was a sultry afternoon, and they began their walk by the beach, in order to have the benefit of the sea breeze. They paesed the Martello tower aforementioned, and saw a 5 arty of five smart people examining, it. 'here was not much to see in the big, round erection, with loopholes in its crumbling masonry. They paused a moment in pass ing, to watch the tourists as they walked round the tower, or went inside to remark upon it. 'These towers were built at intervals all along the coast, and we should have given the French a peppering had they ventured to invade us. But they thought better of it,' aid a gentleman of the party. 1 Oh, papa, how hot it is ! I feel so funny,' gasped a child, whose hand he was holding. 1 She is faint, Luoy. Perhaps it is -a case,' whispered Felix, who had heard the words. ' What is the matter, Felix ? I was .look ing at that pretty dog. It's a King Charles,' replied Lucy. But Felix was fumbling in his capacious pooketf, for he saw the young lady suddenly aoeumb, and lie prostrate on the beach. She was. soon surrounded by her friends, who appeared alarmed, and oould do nothing but support her and unfasten her hat. I said we had better not bring her,' cried ft lady, reproachfully, while the father was looking for water where none was to be found, gave the sea-brine. 'Allow me,' broke in Felix, making his way through the little group. He was always prepared for emergencies, and managed to carry about infinitesimal doses of restoratives, in case of accidents, to gether with a small glass ; to say nothing of oertain 'instruments of torture,' as Lucy would call his ' sorgicals.' Ton need not be alarmed. It is merely faintnesi from the heatt' with professional wisdom in voice and air, as he felt the child's pnlse, and then applied something to her nose and lips. ' A doctor. A medical man. How very fortunate,' said the bewildered friends. Lucy, looking on, noted every small incident, and was struck by the distress of the dog she had been admiring. He whined, and licked the little girl's band, and showed various symptoms of canine misery. ' He was equally overjoyed when a pair of blue eyes opened; and he began to bark and jump round the prostrate form. Felix, who was kneeling by the child, helped her to rise, and assured her parents that she would soon quite recover. Then he asked if he could render further aesistance. ' Our carriage is waiting iu the road,' re plied the gentleman, 'We will take her ithere at once. Perhaps you would kindly go BO far with us. We are truly obliged to you.' The little party stumbled over the rough beaoh, the father and Felix supporting the child, who looked fragile and delicate. Lucy followed unobserved. They soon reached a path up the cliffs, and afterwards the road that led across the downs, where a carriage was in waiting. Felix helped the little girl Bud three ladies in, while the gentleman over whelmed him with thanks, as, indeed, did the ladies when seated. They shook hands with him, and the father, mounting to the box, took the reins and drove off rapidly. ' Did fchey ask you to come and see her again?' inquired Lucy, when she joined him. « No. They acoepted my medicine like the rest of the world, and repaid me with pro testations of their eternal gratitude. But, naturally, they could not do more under the circumstances.' 'They seemed so nice that I wish we Could see them again,' sighed Luoy. « I suppose they are tourists, but they had a fine pair of greys, and gave me the idea of oountry gentry. 'Anyhow, I'm glad I was able to be of and to bring back that pretty child to ' 'i — ib Iriw3?6 < maeh vtaOUy in. her, abef if theydon t take care they will lose her. 1 wmh you couia attend her, Felix, You re .i£ Jare poor people.' _ ,aye vitality to work upon, so has miller, laughed Felix, and the brother nnlL waiked bmkly over the downs in spite of the exceeding sultriness of the after noon. The mill was rfuoh farther than Lucy had imagined, and the two miles had increased to LTT/?Ur-- When they had reached it she was glad to sit down on the old millBtone, while Felix went to visit the miller. No air &nd; ,Lucy was so heated by her walk that she took off her hat and fanned herself m a vain attempt to get cool. She fancied she heard distant thunder, and wondered whether the sick child would hav8 a re.aptie. The mill sails hung immovable ; the Bheep on th8 downs crept into the hollows for shelter from the heat ; the birds ceased to sing in the few trees that sur rounded the mill, and all portended a storm. It was a lonely, wild spot, and Luoy took to wondering whether the miller had a wife and family, or whether he lived all alone beside that great high building with the ghostlike arms on its summit. Her surmises were cut short by the appear ance of the miller himself, whe Came hobbling towardB her. She rose as. he drew near. She thought he had the appearance of a white ghost. 1 No call to put on your hat, miss,' he said, politely taking off his, and so displacing a quantity of loose flour. ' Molly is going to make a cup of tea for the doctor, and as he said you was waiting for him, and so he couldn t stop, I am come to ask you to do me the honour of having a cilp, too. 'Tis thirsty weather.' 'Oh! I shall be so glad,' exclaimed Lucy. ' I was never so hot and tired in my life.' She followed him to the dwellinghouse, which was larger and better than she ex pected. Felix gave her a knowing nod as she entered the kitchen where be was seated ; but a 'This way, please, miss,' from an elderly woman in the passage, turned her steps towards a small parlour. Molly wants to show off the best chany, so I most change my coat,' ejaculated the miller, grimly. ' The young doctor a' done 'im a power o' good. I never knowed 'im ask anybody to tea afore in all my life,' whispered Molly, mysteriously, nodding a very untidy head. Felix came into the parlour, and while the eoat was being changed, he and Lufy ex amined a bookshelf containing a better class of literature than they expected to find. The room, too, was not amiss ; and they after wards learnt that Miller Thompson had once had a wife and daughter, whose loss had made him melancholy and niggardly. Never theless, Molly made them good tea, with ex cellent gridiron-cake as its accessory, and managed to put on a clean cap and apron in the interval. In the oourse of conversation it evolved that the name of the miller's dead daughter had been Lucy; and when he learnt that another Lucy was in his company, he became interested, and even animated, as he gave his guests to understand that life had. been a blank to him ever since he had lost his wife and child. Lucy, who was kind-hearted and anxious to be of use in her new world, made a mental resolution that she would often viBit thcftniUer, and strive to cheer him, as Bhe had already done many of her brother's poor patients. While they were at tea, a dog-cart drove up to the mill, the driver of which was a farmer, who had come to pay Mr. Thompson a bill. He was invited to have a cup of tea, but de clined, upon the plea of an approaching storm. He would not even put up his horse. The miller introduced him tO Felix as to a neigh bour of his, and the farmer said he had often heard of Dr. Stanmore, though he had, never before seen him. He lived about half a mile from Millford, and both Felix and Lucy knew him by sight, and had frequently admired his pictnresqne farm as they paesed it. ' You had better let me drive you home,' said Farmer Cross. We shall have it pretty strong . before another hoar goes by, and if you walk you will be drenched.' Felix consented gratefully ; but the miller looked annoyed at losing his visitors. He beckoned Felix into th8 kitchen, while Farmer Cross was seating Lucy in the dog-cart. "Short reckonings make long friends,"' he said. ' I know hear about what's to pay. I don't call the first time I saw you a visit, because you was merely passing by, bat I reckon the medicine was half a crown. Another half-crown for this call makes five shillings, and there it is.' Felix took the two half- cro whs placed in his hand /with gratified surprise. It was not much, certainly, yet it was the first fee he had received since he settled in Sussex. The miller added that he didn't like bills, and that if he would come again and bring some more ' doctor's stuff,' and his sister with him, he should have his money there and then. They shook hands cordially, Felix got up be side the worthy farmer, and off went the dog cart. The atmosphere was oppressive, the sky 'red and lowering,' and a few heavy drops of rain fell ; while the thunder, which had been growling in the distance, began to rumble overhead, flashes of forked lightning darted through the sky, and the threatened storm began in good earnest. It was past .seven o'clock ; tty? road over the downs was rough and rutty, and longer than the path which the young people had trodden in the afternoon, and the farmer's horse grew restive at the storm. Lucy wis zed herself on foot, even though she was, com paratively, high and dry at the back of the cart, and beneath the farmer's umbrella. He had been amused, and somewhat scandalised, at a Japanese sunshade which she had put up when she mounted, and which tbe farmer placed for safety in the box beneath the seat. Felix had presented her with this foreign appendage to adorn her parlour grate, but having no parasol, she had used it according to the intention of its maker. She soon for got it in the tremendous storm, and the difficulty of clinging to the dog-cart with one hand, and holding her umbrella with the other. The sky and downs were ablaze with the lightning, the thunder grew fiercer and fiercer, and the big, but intermittent, rain fall poured down. Then, .suddenly, the sky ' jtnrnefl inky blkok, and the terrified horse reared, and became all but unmanageable. ; The farmer said he had often been out on the downs in storms, but had never seen such i a one before. He commended Luoy for her courage, and told her not to be afraid. She was not afraid, having, under all circum stances, a sense of the immediate presence of Him whotules tbe storm. Still, she was soon drenched to the skin, and felt sadly anxious about gown and hat. In the midst of it all she saw some white object running wildly about the downs. At the moment, the farmer had dismounted to try to reassure his horse, and Felix held the reins. She watched the creators run hither and thither, and finally make a dart towards the dogcart. Again the lightning illuminated downs, sky, and the line of distant sea. Tbe white object Btood still, and Lucy exclaimed : ' Felix ! Mr. Cross 1 there is a white dog. Stop and take him in.' As much as your life's worth,' said Mr. Cross, patting his horse. They were still for a moment, and Lucy saw the dog — for such it was— sit up on its hind leg3, hang its little paws, and ask for protection from the storm as plainly as dog or man could ask. She uttered a little chirrup, patted her side, and invited him to mount. He made many vain leaps, but the cart was too high. She stopped over the footboard, so endangering her 'own equilibrium, and managed to lay hold of one long ear. He was too terrified to squeal, but, making a great effort to spring, succeeded, with her help, in reaching the footboard, whence he jumped, without ' by your leave,' into her lap If she was wet, he was wetter, and trembl ing all over ; but tbere he lay, and she had not the courage to dislodge him. The farmer had succeeded in quieting his horse, and remounted. He drovfe on carefully but slowly, and it was nearly nine o'clock when at last they reached home. There was no time for thanks ; Felix lifted Lucy from her seat, the dog in her arms, and, with a hasty Good night,' the farmer drove off. The little maid, Jenny, daughter of one of Felix's non-payers, was in ecstacies at their safe return, having watched the storm with terrified apprehension. She took the dog from Lucy's arms and placed him by the kitchen fire, half-tore off her young mistress's wet clothes, took boiling water to Felix's room — did everything, in short, that little maid could do. Felix insisted on Lucy's going to bed at once, and himself compounded a posset to prevent cold, while she made him promise to follow her example. But the dog ? I am sure it is the same I saw with that poor child this morning,' said Lucy; 'he is whining pitifully in the kitchen.' As she spoke, there was a small bark and a scratching of her door. Felix put down the draught he was administering, opened tbe door, and in crept the little King Charles, his tail between his legs, and looking like a drowned rat. He ' sat up ' beseechingly, and his face and attitude were irresistible. Felix laughed heartily, and took him up in his arms, saying he 1 would see to him to night, and they must inquire for his owners to-morrow.' The morrow came, and it was a bright and beautiful day. Felix and Lucy were none the worse for their wetting, but the little dog had a severe cold, and sneezed, and had running at the eyes, and displayed all the symptoms of what in one of us would be influenza. He is a pampered menial,' laughed Felix ; ' but Jenny must nurse him while you go and return thanks to Mr. Cross, and I try to find his owner. That poor, delicate child will pine herself into a mummy at his loss.' Accordingly, Luoy placed the lost dog in a warm basket by the kitchen fire, having been doctoring and nursing him all day, and set off in the afternoon for Meadow's Farm. It was one of her favourite walks, being neither by down nor sea, but near a cool stream that ran through the fields and past certain trees, which were a delightful change after the exposed and shingly beach, and steep, if pleasant, downs. The latter, however, were still and always in the background of the picture. Mrs. Cross and her daughters wel comed her warmly. They had heard from the good farmer o! the adventures of the previous day, and were pining to make inquiries concerning the unusual hospitality of the miller. Lucy had not much to tell, but she was so cheerful and bright that she soon made friends of her acquaintances, who insisted on her remaining to tea, and gave her delicious strawberries and cream. They had heard much of Dr. Stanmore and her own kindness to the poor, and th&ught;, apparently, that they had settled at Millford as brother and sister of charity. She left them armed not only with the. Japanese sunshade, but with a basket of eggs, strawberries, cream, aad roses. She tripped home briskly by her favourite stream, and found Felix dismissing an old man, wboee parting benediction was ' God bless you, doctor.' ' Oh, Lucy !' cried Felix. ' The poor soul actually brought me eighteenpenee for a " pick-me-up " just tbe same as Widow Worthy's-; but I could no mere take it than I could have told the miller that his five shillings was less than sixpence a mile and a shilling for physic. I have made the calculation. What shall we do ?' Lucy's answer was interrupted by the appearance of the King Charles, whose demonstrations of delight at her appearance were unmistakable. Part III. —The First Guinea. Lucy sat alone in her little parlour. She was melancholy, for the weeks passed, and no ' paying patients ' came to Felix. She had been practising, but the piano which h6r brother had insisted on preserving from the wreck of their town furniture re naed to respond to her touch, and the scarf she was knitting for him against the time when he was to be called hp afcnight would go wrong as she tried to fabricate it. So she sat by the open window gazing at the photograph of her dear father. Whenever she was unhappy, which was seldom, this was 'her panacea. He had been so good that she felt mercfll God would never forsake his children. He had always told them that ' a g-od name was batter than riches,' and already Felix had ' a good name.' Her , younger brother and sister were also acquiring a reputation for steadiness and ability at their respective schools, so she tried to believe that He who feeds the ravens would send them all their daily bread. CertainI'T money was fast disappearing, in Bpite of strict economy, yet her faith did not fail, albeit it was sometimes weak. ' Mr. Thompson, the miller, wants to see you, please, miss,' disturbed her reverie. It was Jenny, accompanied by the King Charles, who jumped on her lap. Ask him to come in, Jenny,' she replied, rising to meet the miller, who was waiting in the passage, and thus displacing the dog, already barking at the stranger. She and Felix had tried in vain to discover their foundling's name, so they called it Fan, to which appellation it would not answer. When the miller was seated, he said that he had made so bold as to bring her and the doctor a small bag of tbs flour they had praised in his home-made bread. He was so much better that he hoped they would accept it as a thank-offering. ' I was just saying to myself that I believed our Heavenly Father would send us daily bread for the sake of our earthly one, and here it is, 'exclaimed Lucy, rising and holding out her hand to the miller, who ldoked pained as he took it. Tears were in her eyes, and he could not but perceive that something was amiss. He asked what it was, and she answered frankly : Why, Mr. Thompson, we shall soon have been here a twelvemonth, and my brother has not succeeded. There :are so many doctors in the neighbourhood, well estab lished, that he fears it is a failure. We came here because there seemed to be an open ing, and nothing to pay for a practice.' | Failure 1' repeated the miller. « Hang me if it is ! Let him persevere. I thought he had lots of patients.' ' So he has, amongst the poor ; but they can't pay.' The miller pushed his fingers through his hair, thus again dislodging a shower of white dust, which attracted Fan, who made a leap towards it. The miller laughed and apolo gised, then remarked upon the dog. Lucy told him the history, adding that her brother had made many inquiries, but failed to discover its owner. Mr. Thompson considered a moment, and said — Squire Harton, of Downlands, was at the mill a day or two ago, asking if I had heard anything of a valuable dog he had lest. Maybe it js this one. I had not, but promised to let him know if I did.' 'Has he a daughter of about twplva?' asked Lucy. 'Yes, an only one, and fuss enough they make with her. But no wonder 1' sighed the miller. At this juncture Felix came in. I am afraid we have found Fan's owner, and they are the people you helped,' said Lucy, after his greeting with the miller ceased. Mr. Th mpson will, perhaps, kindly let them know about our little stray.' Answers to the name of Flora,' said the miller, pulling a dirty handbill from his pocket and reading. ' Flora ! Flora !' called Lucy, and the little King Charles capered with delight, sat up, and performed all sorts of gambols, to prove tjiat she knew her name. The miller promised to acquaint Squire Harton with her whereabouts, declined refreshments, shook hands heartily with Lucy, and left the room, followed by Felix. At tbe door he took something from his pocket and put it in the young doctor's hand. ' Consultation fee ; you've made a new man of me,' he said, as he mounted his cart, the horse being tied to the railing. ' Actually a guinea !' cried Felix, as he rode off. « He is a brick !' « How people are maligned I' cried Lucy, &b; he laid it on the table before her. A sovereign and the conventional shilling, to say nothing of a bag of flour. I wish Katie and Willie were here to have some genuine brown bread. Long live the miller !' 'Not the "Jolly Miller of Islington,"' echoed Felix, ' but the lean miller of Willan. God prosper him ! I've hpd another stroke of fortune— Farmer Cross has sent 'for me for one of his daughters, and I must go at once.' The tears which had been welling iu Lucy's eyes all the morning now fell in earnest. Felix put his arm round her waist and gave her a brotherly kiss and hug. She could not restrain her emotion, but pointing to her father's likeness, said : 'I feel ashamed to have mistrusted Divine Providence, having learnt my lessons of love and faith from him and our dear mother both in heaven. But, Felix, you, too, are anxious ?' ' Yes, Lucy ; but I hope this is a beginning of beiter things, for if I can get a footing amongst the respectable farmers, I think I msy do ; though even with them times are very bad, and some are emigrating to Canada from these parts.' We e&n; manage a few months longer, and then, dear -Felix ' ' If we don't succeed we mGSt emigrate, too.' ' And the children, brother ?' ' Oh, Lucy, if you get down-hearted, it is all up with me. Put on your hat, and coma with me to Mr. Cross's.' They went together, and the walk by the brook tranquilised Lucy, and, while soothing her mind, raised h&c; spirits. She thought of the cattle in meadow and downland, the birds warbling in the trees above, the lark sprin®- mg from the sod and mounting skvward te trout eddying the surface of the brook' th« insects humming and flitting around,' and remembered that the merciful Creator cared for all— then her Saviour's loving words rang u the ear of her sou! and she felt assured but abashed, 'And shall He not much more care for you, oh ye of little faith.' Felix, who had been anxiously watching her, saw that the cloud passed from her usually beaming face, and the clog from her footsteps, and he was comforted. Thev soon reached the farm, and found that one of the daughters was taken seriously ill Thev reproached themselves for their slight delav, and, while Felix visited the sick girl Lucy roused herself to talk cheerfully to Mr.' Cross. who hla h ? th«n good, and tbe farmer, who had desponding about his crops as well as his daughter, said that it was a blessing to have a brave and cheerful spirit, for it carried one through a .storm such as they had faced on the downs, as well as tb tough domestic worry and anxiety. 1 storm was God's way of introducing us to you, Mr. Cross, and I assure you this call for my brother ib a happy result, even if no more come of it,' said Lucy. It certainly was a happy result, -for Felix was enabled to minister to the patient so as to prove his skill, and promised to visit her again that same night. He told Lucy, as they returned, that he feared she was in some danger, and needed constant watching, sd it was fortunate he was within reach. He went back to the farm at about eight o'clock, biddipg his sister not to be alarmed if he got home late. 'If only I had not been so foolish this morning, I might have finished that com forter,' she exclaimed. ' I will do it before I go to bed.' ' Against my night work in winter,' laughed Felix. She kept her resolution, for he did not return till past midnight, and she sat up for him. His patient was slightly better, but he was very anxious about her. He was charmed with his comforter, and foretold that it would preserve him from asthma, bronchitis, and what not, when he was driving or rjding over the Sussex wilds'! Thus the brother and sister strove to encourage one another. The following morning he went early to the farm, and she resolved to tidy up her little garden, which had been rather neglected of late. She worked at it in- dustriously a long time, only pausing to speak to one and another of the villagers as they passed. Flora was as busy as she, running, jumping, and barking to her heart's content. The village road lay atf the bottom of the hamlet, between it and the sea. Is was not much frequented, and she paused in her labours to watch a carriage as it rolled along. She wondered if it were the reetor, who lived near the church a miia or so from their part 'of the parish, and who onea or twice called at the cottage. But ha generally wslkea or drove. Her conjectures were eu&ed; by seeing the carriage turn from the main road, and drive up the narrow way that led to the hamlet. It eventually pulled up right before the garden, at the spot where she was digging ana delving, 'Flora! Flora!' shrieked a voice, and the little dog bounded through the garden gate, and leapt into the carriage. She followed, assured that it was Squire Harton come in search of the lost Flora. Be fore she reached the carriage, however, its occupants had left it, and were moving towards her. She at once recognised the gentleman, lady, and little girl whom she had seen on the beach, and to whom Felix had been of service. 'Miss Stanmore, I think,' said the lady and she bowed, feeling very dirty and untidy! ' Thank yob so much for taking care of my darling Flora,' cried the little girl, in whose arms lay the dog, and whose face was bein® ecstatically licked. « Oh ! I am so happv I thought she was dead. Flora ! my Flora.' Lucy asked them to walk in while she 'ex- plained, apologising for her appearance and removing her gardening gloves. When seated m her little parlour, Mr. Harton told her that Thompson, the miller, had sent a purpose messenger the previous evening to inform him that the lost pet was at Dr. Stanmore's, of Millford, and that Miss Stanmore had taken great care of it. 'I must confess,' he continued, with a p.easant smile, ' that I had not before heard of your brother, although we are not more than half a dozen miles apart. We were abroad all the winter for my daughter's health, and in town all the spring. We had only just come home when we lost Flora.' ' And we can never be sufficiently grateful to you for taking such good care of her' broke in Mrs. Harton. «Bee has done nothing but cry 3ince she lost her, and was quite ill.' 'I shall be well again now, mother; and oh ! I am so much obliged to you,' said Bee going to Lucy, and kissing her enthusiasti! cally. During this process Flora tumbled npon Lucy s lap, and altogether there was a slight melee. It set Lucy at her ease, and she gave a Description of the storm and poor Flora's rescue in it, which delighted her auditors and brought more kisses from the spoilt Bee! In the midst of it all, enter Felix. The Sight of the carriage had prepared him for grand company, so he had spruced up, and looked presentable in his grey tweed suit. ' I thought so 1 We have met before, cried Squire Harton, excitedly. ' I am glad we meet again.' ths good doctor who cured me when 1 was going to die upon the beach ' said Bee, running up to Felix. « Father has promised that you shall be always my doctor, when we ave found you ; and now we have round him, fafcoer, aud you know vou must keep your promise. How funny ! They found ilora, and sue makes us find them.' Parents aud ctiiid surrounded Felix, who was so taken aback that he knew not what to S?y £tai?mered out something about ' so glad to have been of use— so happy that my sister saveu the little dog, '.but hi/ attempts were cut short by Bee, who said per emptorily— i ! ' 11 ?8- my docor always. I don't Dr. Meachm ; he is old, and gives me nasty physic. I like you and your sister. Too are both nice. And Flora likes you. to day"?' may tb8y 80 bome us ' To-morrow, dear ; perhaps they will pay us a visit to-morrow. We will send the carnage if you will,' said the devoted parents simultaneously. e?.ga2ement was made, soon after which Felix and Lucy watched the carriage drive off, Bee holding Flora securely in her ' Fir ft the poor, then the milJer, next the farmer, now the squire,' said Felix, solemnly JedSerWa£ We8Singl We 8ha" And they did. Felix Stanmore beoame in time as popular with the rich as h« the poor.— -'Summer Quiet.' 