Imminent Copies. bitter indeed. In the distressing oir cumstanoeB in whioh it is plaoed, w< fort, and therefore it is no pleasure to as to be obliged to draw from under it one of those olumslly constructed and very shaky props on whioh it haa built its case against the Convention. That journal has made a great deal of a circular, whioh it alleged, eaoh priest in the archdiocese had received, instructing him not to attend political meetings, and to refuse the use of the Catholic schools for such a purpose. No circular imposing uncommon restrictions on the disoretion of the clergy in charge of districts has been issued. In a few instances long established diocesan rules have been brought under the notice of clergymen, but the Argus could not find room iu its editorial apartment for the number of priests of the archdiocese who have not received any notice on the subject, and among tWe are dignitarieB -of the Church. The Argus is welcome to any comfort it can extract from this explanation. The Irish Australian the "aegps"' Convention was, the AND the Argus says, a poor convention, affair, undeserving of notice, and to prove that statement four or five prominent artloles have appeared in its columns ! And to further prove how utterly undeserving of serious attention the Conven tion was, the Australasian—the enlarged edition of the Argus—has also had several articles. Both journals maintain that the Conveution was an obvious failure; and to convince the public of an obvious truth, article itfter article appears m quiok succession in their columns. If the event wbb unworthy of notice, how is it that these journals cannot refrain from noticing it again and again? If it was evidently a failure, what need would there be of laborious efforts to convince the public of that fact ? Sane men are at no pains to prove a selfevident proposition ; honest men are not in the habit of fortifying their statements with oft- repeated declarations of their truth. But, contrary to all experience, the Argus and the Australasian have been toiling very hard at need less and unprofitable work of that kind. The Convention is a thing of the past, but its ghost is haunting them, and is giving them no rest. A single article sufficed in our case to show that it had accomplished all at which it had aimed. The papers Darned could not in less than six or eight articles prove that it bad accom- worthy of notice 1 There was no incerti tude in our case. We were perfectly satisfied with the result, and saw that there was no occasion to labour hard to convince others of the sincerity or truth of our statements. Can the same be Stud of the Argus, judging it by its laborious efforts to convince others that it was truthful f The various turns these took we shall not dwell on, but there are a few that call for some notice. That journal' s alternations of mood betray much trouble and distraction of mind. First of all, in its leading columns it was gravely serious about a thing which, in it* opinion, was altogether obscure and anworthy of notice. A reaction from that mental strain followed, and we had a dose of the " leaden satire," whioh so much tickles the fancy of the Daily Telegraph. Evidently the genius, who so strikingly diversified the style of the leading matter in the Argus, by elaborating " goaks" on the divided skirt was called in to "do" the Convention, and it was done so well, that the task appeared to have been the result of a week's hard work. The last appearance of our contemporary is iu his original temper, and that indeed 1b very serious, and even repentant, for the Orangemen In .this instance are not incited to riot, Jbut are in fact alluded to in disparaging terms, for it is said :—"And it'must be remembered that there are unscrupulous men on the other side who would willingly raise an auti-Irish cry for their own «vll purposes." The incendiary has become a peacemaker, having swallowed his own words with the ease Mdth which a conjuror swallows a sword. What change he will next assume we cannot predict. It is only safe to say that he will never become truthful or Immi learn ,«anaa sense in ^fA<inasinM discussing Irish affairs. -ff.i WE don't like to give A Punhy par readers too mnch ' COMPABISON. of the Argue at one '*•' dose, for we know that trery littie of it satisfies them at the best ofv times. Their digestion is good, bat they don't care to trifle with it, and for that we cannot blame them. At the same time, as we owe: them a little compensation for taking rather serious notice of the " hearty but toothless bite" of the Argus, we shall now enliven them a little by a reference to a comparison instituted by that journal, the utter incongruity of whieh could net be exceeded, bad the writer aimed atbeing absurdly humorous We have therefore to premise that he was serious, for the exhibition occurs in the article in whioh the Argus wearily en deavours to prove that the Convention was altogether unworthy of notice. Not to longer tax the curiosity of our readers ere is the gem:— On the other hand, our fellow colonists will reoognise that in insisting that the Irish question should not be made a vital isBue here, we have made no undue demand upon them; that the same position would be taken with regard to French and Germans should men of these nationalities show a disposition to fight in Australia the battle with regard to Alsaoe and Lorraine. These issues are not for Australia. And the ease as regards Ireland is even stronger than this.- This oommunity is heartily loyal. Its loyalty we have always described as being vaporous, frothy or windy, but Mr. Forbes considers that the word " oppressive" describes the thing more correctly, and we shall defer to his opinion in this instance, rather than discuss the point. But is it not kind and conciliatory on the part of the Argus to rank Irishmen, subjects of the empire, with Frenchmen or Germans, who are aliens ? Our contemporary must have been full up f " oppressive loyalty " when it paid rishmen that nice compliment. But for hat blunder the Argus makes amendB by a brilliant exercise of the oritioal faculty. It compares Alsaoe and Lorraine, as these provinces stand to Germans and Frenchmen, to Ireland in her relation to Englishmen and Irishmen! Is no University in want of a professor of history and a subtle dialectitian P If any institution in the world wants a genius who is capable of perceiving in common things, very much more philosophy than any rational man of the keenest intellect could see in them, it should seoure the services of the journalist who discovered points of close resemblance of Alsaoe and Lorraine. There is rivalry between two great powers for the possession of Alsace and Lorraine. In the case of Ireland no question of the kiod is at issue; as separation is not demanded, the issue is domestio, and> ; it lies between subjects of the same empire. We should be sorry to see Frenchmen and Germans fighting here about Alsace and Lorraine, and should consider their conduct very silly, as the case can only be settled by force of arms. But Irishmen are in very different circumstances; they are labouring to improve the condition of a portion of the empire of whioh they are subjects, and they could' not be engaged in a work more patriotic, even if they were Englishmen. They are not aiming at the disintegration of the empire, but to effect an end that will benefit it. They are not working in vain, for their influence will be felt in favour of Ireland, and if their opponents did not think so they would not have raged over the matter as they have done. We have not heard the immobaiiITy last of the gross immoin the state rality charged against schools. the State schools. True, the Castlemalne soandal has been hushed up, as was the grave* one in connection with a State school which was said not to be far from Collins-street; but at the annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Morality, held on Monday evening, the Rev. D. J ones-Hamer reverted to the nasty, matter, and in doing so he was, no doubt, influenced by that painful sense of duty by which we are now actuated. Alluding to his previous revelation, which shocked the community, he said, according to the report In the Age ;— He was quite content to aooept all the blame that had b£en cast spen him in',connection with this matter, but he had nothing to regret and nothing to retract in connection with it. Terrible, awful, and appaling as the bald statement appeared to be, he had had less hesitation in giving pnblicity to it than he would otherwise have done, because it fell In along parallel lines withwhat had been oommunioated to him-by a competent authority, medioal man, who had i spue repeated ^statements, in order to make it clear that there had been no mistake; It might, Mr. Hamer suggested, be asked why were not, the: names given of the parties -concerned, and he supplied the answer by stating that it was to save the heartbroken patents and sorrowing-friends fcomiurther pain that this information :waS withheld. He had had a large inroad <ai correspondence supporting the general statement as to the immoral! practices ywngrt children, but the writers in all oases enjoined seoreoy. He oould not famish proof for the very reasons whioh, we knew, would effectually bar proof being given in the previous cases. But if Mr. Hamer is not • liar without a motive for lying, his statements cannot be discredited, and hence in this case we have proof of the existence of the evil that is denied. Under these ciroumBtanoes we should look to the position and motives of those who have given the _ denials _ in the other oases. The investigations were official in eaoh case, and the officials were onnected direotly or indireotly with he department that is on its trial. In the latter of the two cases the inquiry as conducted by the local board of ducation, and is this a body to whom ersons sincerely seeking for the truth ould be likely to commit such an nvestigation? Decidedly not. Neverheless, we find in the report this alusion to Dr. M'Grath's evidence:— The charge of immorality against any State school iu the dist. ict resolves itself into this. Some years ago, how many he could not tell, a ohild, whose name he did not know, was brought to Dr. M'Grath for treatment, for a disease of a certain nature, "Due boy, the doctor said, told him several lies at first, and it was only under threats that he admitted what was the matter with him, and how he got it. The only evidence the doctor had that this boy attended a State sohool was his own admission,and he is unable to remember the name of either the Bohool or the teaoher. And if we analysed the evidence throughout carefully, we should, we fear, find sufficient reason for dissenting from the decision of the Sohool Board that there was nothing in the charge. Alluding toMr. Hamer's statement on Monday evening, the Age says :—" We have every belief that Mr. Hamer will be borne out by few cases here and there." And in such an admission, from snoh a quarter, the ase is presented in an aspeot so black as o be horrifying. The admission is ne which all Catholic parents hould receive as s warning, and it will ertainly add to tbeir culpability if they eglect to avail themselves of that pro ection for the purity of their children hich the Church provides. Aoookding to the IRISH ATTBTfcAMAN Argus, Irish Ausleadebs. t ralian leaders were absent from the Convention. Who are they, and what constitutes their title to leadership ? If intellectual calibre, we oould name halfa-dozen men who were identified with the Convention, whose superiors are not among the absent. If wealth constitutes leadership the Convention certainly was not deficient in that sense. And if political influence among the Irish people is meant, it was contained in a large measure in the Cc nvftitioD. Is there oneof the absent men who, against the wishes of those men assembled at the Convention, could secure the votes of their countrymen in any part of Australia P Emphatically, not one. There is not one of these absent men who to-morrow, on his own merits, and regardless of the good-will and support of the men who sat at that Convention, or were represented there, oould hope _ to win an eleotion with the aid of his countrymen. The absent men got from the men who were present, or from men of their character, all they possess in the way of influence or position, and for anything further they may seek, they will have to look to those to whom they are already so muoh indebted. From their English or Scotch fellow colonists they never got very much, and in the future they have still less to expect. The political power of the Irish in these colonies was represented at that Convention, and the Argus knows it. That power is in the keeping of the branch Leagues throughout these colonies, as some of the absent may yet find out to their cost. The most influential Irish Catholic^ in Queensland and in South Australia were identified with , the Convention, and the true men who represented the other colonies arethose who do most to unite Irishmen in those places, and direct their influence. And the sturdy Protestants who, in the name of Ireland, gave the hand of fellowship o their Catholic fellow- countrymen are menwho have made, or are very certain o make, their mark in' the history f tbeir time. The Convention is over, but the work it' planned will ? on- silently and ste&dily.; It will go on calmly and inoffehtdvely, utterly regardless of misrepresentations; and if n any future turn of affairs Irishmen n. Australia should be called * uppn to ake a special effort in their country's ause, the organisation lately formed will e fonnd' capable of promptly and efficaiously discharging its duty. NOT every Irishman of OPPEE88Iva position who refrained MTAMY, from identifying himself with the Redmond mission, or with the Convention, can be blamed for his silence aud inactivity fa several oases of the kind, the "oppressive |°y a %;: ^ichMr. Forbes weighed and found light aft spurious coin, issuffioiS explanation and excuse. ThZ I„ several good Irishmen who, if th«3 had followed their inclinations, would have experienced the displeasure ~nf the oppressive loyalty," and have suffered more in pooket than they their families could afford. The Anglo-Australian journals claim these people as friends of the Union and enemies of the Land Laague, and thev we welcome to as muoh friendship of that kind as they can find. If the Iriehmen who do not sympathise with Ireland in her struggle for Home Rule were weeded out of the number who abstained, from reasonable motives, from pushing on the Radmond mission it would be found that recreants of the former class are very few. If the secrets of the heart in this matter were revealed the English Government would see that at the very least, 99 Irishmen out of every 100 in Australia deeply deteBtthe Union, and fervently wish for its repeal. But the "oppressive loyalty" has imposed silence on some of them, who, becanse of that restraint, are secretly the most bitter enemies of the policy whioh they are reputed to favour. 