Queen Street Politics. SAID a calmati to me the other day, " I hear that Mr. Morehead is going to stand for. the Valley." I replied that I didn't know, but that it was quite possible. "Any way/' said cabbyi' "he won't have a ghost of a show,, A month ago his return was pretty: nearly a certainty, but now we (the cabmen !) will all work against him, and our influent fa pretty considerable in the Talley." " But," I asked,why this sudden change ? if Morehead was a good man a month ago, he is just the suue now; and must, be a good man still." Then was I indeed let into the secret of the Brisbane cabbies, if you please. *' Y'see," said, my Jehu ; Morehead has started a private faty and a lot of swells will be following his example. We .4^ going to let him see that we are not to be put ttpow. like that J " I bowed to this cabby, a true representative of the Stagnant party. OH! Say "oh" again,and I'll start. This hap* pened somewhere in some part of some colony of some empire of some -world. Therefore it must be true. Turn on the inusic. A lady fair did promise Some half a dozen gommiea That she'would wed with them; But when each man pressed her Bhe only answered, "Er," Likewise a doubtful, " Hem." At last, one young and able Popped suit to (call her) Mabel. She liked his Bhapely limbs ; So, blurting out a " Yes," ; She bought a wedding dress, . And sent for Bishop Timms. Timm8 aint his name, of course,. But I keep dark my horse. This fact, though, y;ou may dish np No other minister Would do to marry her Than a colonial bishop. The pair were made by check fast, And then adjourned to breakfast. And then came in the rub The bride, in Bpite of promise. Got flirting with the gommieB, Which jealous urnde the hub. He rubbed his hands so clammy. He stomped, and he said, "Damme, This is too bad of you!" She got up iii a huff, ; And only answered, "Stuff! Behave yourself, sir, do.", "I won't!" "You shall!" " I shan't i" " I'll ^o, sir, to my aunt," Oried she, in piteous snivel. " Go, false one," cried the youth, - | " Your husband I, in sooth; v : . Say now, go to the devil! " i She went--back to her aunt ; He pubs does daily haunt; She contemplates, of course, . Eorjreasons silver-plated- : The "hitch" "not consummated To sue for a divorce. And that's all 1 care to say about it. .# *;. . #/, THERE was a gay, gallant old beau ; Each night to the theatre did-geau, And he stayed out eaehsceno Wjth.a drinkin betwene, . The tell^t delighted himseau. He nightly would sling big bouquets. Indulge iii most frantic hooruets, ' And would show cleareiibugh He was well up to siiough, , . By calling the actresses fuets. 