THE SQUATTER'S SECOND DAUGHTER. ■ AN UP-COUNTRY “ YARN.” (BY J.J.L.) Author of " Travelling Sheep,” “ A Precious Damper,” “ The Tale o£ a Pannikin,” and other sketches. CHAPTER IV. CHAM.ES OSMOND'S INTBODU CTION TO THE MALCOLMS. W* will leave events tnac are rase ripening in connection with the curiously assorted company I hare introduced the.reader to at the.Warrego camp, and return to the young commercial traveller wc last saw with his business 'equipage inside the drafting yard suddenly bewildered by the ominous reports of the revolver as they still rang in his ears. In less time by far than I shall take to des cribe, he had surveyed the being from top to toe that had, apparently for some reason he could not divine, sought to take his life. In that momentary survey he felt sure that he had never met the man before, and that led him. to feel almost certain he was in the power of a madman. He belieyed this man to bo some shepherd who, possibly from long solitude, had lost his xeason. He had frequently listened to stories told of this class of men, who probably from the time the ration-carrier visited them with their fortnightly or monthly supplies till that interval periodically returned, scarce mot one soul to speak to but his dog or his sheep. The overseer might, when he came to count the sheep,—which, if the shepherd were a careful man and could be thoroughly trusted would not be very often—stay half an hour or so. The rest of his existence would be passed alone, and it is a matter of common notoriety, that shepherds exhibit more traces of aberrative intellect, than any other men. On one occasion coming across a lonely track in New England, New South Wales, the writer suddenly heard a man’s voice talking extremely loud and haranguing what he thought at the time was a fellow conver sationalist. Judge of his surprise on coming round the corner of a ledge of rocks that hid a free view, to see a shepherd speaking vigorously to his hat which he had stuck on the branch of a tree. The old fellow’s sheep were feeding all around-him and appeared to taue no notice of his eccentricity, no doubt being need to it. Craving pardon for digression however, we will again join Charley, and in doing so cast a glance over the gaunt, weird figure that stood motionless glaring with a savage ferocity at Ormond. He, the would be murderer, was attired in a greasy blue ' guernsey tbut had been worn threadbare, and was open at the chest exposing an extremely hairy bosom. His nether limbs were enclosed in an apology for a pair of moleskin trousers. These ' remnants had evidently not claimed kinship with water since they were purchased at the store, and were so ragged that.they simply hung to the wearer. His enormously long grey unkempt hair and beard, and unprepossessing face with its booked nose which appeared to have been broken some time, and a mouth that had . partially collapsed pointing to the fact that he was next to toothless, was readered more ■ hideous from the fact that he only bad one eye. His face like his clothes, appeared not to have been washed for twelve months, for the dirt appeared on his cheeks in scales. Altogether the old wretch seemed to be almost the personification of the devil-him self with his strangesurroundingsandhorrible mien. Charley felt he was confronted by a madman, and determined to be cool and self-possessed, hoping fortune would show some way or other out of the difficulty. Suddenly the venerable would-be homicide, delivering himself of a most horrible yell, raised the pistol in the air but instead ol firing at Ormond, pointed it to the skies —a TMiilof! tlio iViVrrpr twice and two bullets and pulled the trigger twice and two bullet, whizzed upwards in succession. . The horses that strange to say evinced little or nc surprise at the first reports, now became almost unmanageable ' and reared, kickec and plunged in no enviable manner, then driver had all-lie could do to keep then from bolting, and during the minute or tw< that elapsed before they became quieted tmi horrible individual had disappeared ai mysteriously as he! had come. There wa ' one particular incident however,.that Cbariej notwithstanding his perturbation of mint took notice of, the man whoever, or wbateve he was, wore a diamond ring on bis littl finger. Ormond having Bomewhat recoverei liis natural coolness, now got out-Of; th ■vehicle and looked all; round the drafhni jard bnt with no result, .the-man 'hai -vanished. Charley drew out his. handker •chief, wiped hiseyes and looked again in ever ■direction. The • only living beings beside himself and the. nags in sight were six c eight crows that'“haw hawed” in their monotonous sepulchral tone from the only ■\r^ tT.ee—a encalyptns—in the yard. Now if I had been drinking—by George, X wish I had one—I should have put this down to an excited imagination or had it been night I might have believed it was a ghost, but there was nothing supernatural a )oat ^ that whiz, smoke, and bangs I Charley wns an extremely kind fellow to dumb animals of all kinds, and therefore the reader may be sure the grey* had a very good master, Those two horses knew it too and would come at his whistle no matter in what paddock he put them even were they a mile off. " What do you think of that, Billy said he, addressing the near side pachydeimata, “ that knocks you, eh 1” Billy rubbed his nose against his driver and Totty did the same. "'Well we’ll go back to the road after that. Dash, your skins, you were nearly getting me sept to my last account.” Although a very fair bushman he had failed to notice particularly in which direc tion the. road wended towards Springsure, and tried'for it in several directions before he thought what a stupid fellow he was he hnd not run his buggy wheel tracks back, to it again. At last he got on a track but he knew by the direction in which it led, and its width, that it was not the right one. Seeing a wire fence to the right, he deter mined to drive along till opposite it, when he found that it probably formed the boundary line of a run, as a heavy pair of swing gates had to be passed through. Some four or five miles from this the country slowly changed from a perfect level to undulatory and ridgy. Numerous tTee stumps pointed to the fact that there had been need of the sawyer’s services near this whereabouts, and on mounting the next ridge his eye wns gladdened by the sight of a squatter’s homestead at three or four hundred yards distant, mounted on a raised plateau surrounded on all sides except that which he stood, by magnificent bor. At the foot of this little eminence ran a Bpnrkling creek, and Charley’s horses lost no time in bringing up at its hrink and drinking to their hearts’ content. The sun had by this, got well down to the westward, and Charley determined, if allowed, to turn his horses into the horse paddock and go no further that night. He was about to approach near the substantially built dwelling hou.c like most squatters' residences almost innocent of elaborate archi tecture, when he noticed a man and woman coming towards his buggy. As they approached clc .er he raised his hat and went towards them. To use his own words, “ you could have almost knocked me down with a feather” at the very striking resemblance between the gentleman that now stood in front of him and the fiend that had -ought to take his life. A similarly hooked nose, the loss of one eye and long grey hair and beard were also descriptive of this person, who was how ever, evidently a man of come consequence, as his clothes were of well-cut fashionable tweed and he wore a heavy gold guard attached to his vest. Even a diamond ring similar to the one he had seen on the mad man, was on the little finger of the right So perplexed was Charley by the circum stances, thnt he almost forgot to look at the young girl who stood beside them. When he did he thought he had never seen a vision so lovely. It is needless to describe her to the reader, suffice it to say she was the exact counterpart of the maid 'Tina we have seen dixovered by theParslaws in such a mysterious manner. “ Bring yeur horses up to the house and I will get one of the hands to put them in the horse-paddock,” said the male individual who Charley had little doubt now was the squatter himself. !• “ Thank you,” replied our friend, as he gathered up the reins that had dropped about the heads of his horses while they nibbled the grass at their feet. “ I beg your pardon Minnie, and yours too sir,” returned the squatter, “ for not intro ducing you young people to each other. This is my daughter, Miss Malcolm, and you are-” “ Charles Ormond, traveller for Suddart, Harker and Co., of Sydney at your service,” added Charley politely bowing and shaking hands with the young Arrived at the house, a buxom Irish servant girl evidently a ‘ new chum,' from her broad brogue, showed Charley into a cosy little bedroom at one end of the verandah where he deposited his valise. “ We will leave you to your reflections for half an hour and by that time dinner will be quite ready,” said Miss Malcolm gaily as she drew her father’s arm in hors and entered the passage. Ormond seated himself on the bed, and without intending to obey the fair one’s mandate, did 60 so intently that he was sud denly awakened from a deep reverie by the pleasant faced servant girl putting her head in at the door and saying “ Come along now sir, shure you must be as hungry as a howl.” Hastily laving his face and hands in some water, he brushed his hair and followed in the direction in which the girl had disap peared. “As sure as I'm alive,” said he, “I have become mixed up in a mystery.” - And he hnd. fin be Continued.) 