LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. \--:0 :- VOLvUTEERS.-We would direct the at tontion of parties desirous of becoming members of the volunteer corps about to be formed in Kiama to an advertisement in this issue requesting ill such to attend at the Council Chambor either this or to morrow evening for the purpose of enrol ment. SIIOALHAVEN A. AND H. ASSOCIATION. At a meeting of committee held on Friday last W, Lovegrove, Esq., was re-elected President, and William Kennedy and Samuel Mathews were elected Vice-presi dents ; the former has occupied this posi tion for several years. The date of tihe next Exhibition was fixed for the 21st and 22nd February, just eight days after the Kiama Exhibition. The revision of the prize list was entered on, and the following additions made :-A first, second, and third prize of 40s, 301, end 20a for geldings three years and upwards. The pony sec tion was divided into two seotions of 201 and 10l for first and second in each, for ponies under 13 hInds, and ponies 13 hande and not seceeding 14 hands. The other classes up to 7, poultry. patsed with very trifling alterations, and the committee ad. fourntd till Wod~ucday, OQtuber 8rd, f7nlm·tnieatd. :s?oCI?ci'.;. -On Saturday afternoon last a riatclh was playodi on tho Church Point btwveen neiibhera of the Kiaina club :ind Me!srs.' Ico 'an d P-rryi' :circnus, wvlich arrivod' i town on" that msuriing. Somdn good play was exhibited on both sides, and the game was a most pleasant one, but the circus company were more in their element on the trapeze or barebacked horse; as the deatit of th 6!'iitchwVis ani' ,easy victo~ry for llulo;d pliyer' AKIA . JM I SooiTY. -The neeting of the abhor onn Tn'usilay evening last was well attended ; and, after the piolimninary busi niess had been disposed of, I'r. R. lRoss was atdditiod i daW' nienmber, on the motion of Mes.rs..Gates and Snith. The progranmm for the evening was thl debate on the oquesa .tion, ". Should a member of .Parliament, after accepting a portfolio, go to his cqnstjtuentsafor re-electidn:"' The Premier, Mr., !Olintock, opened the question in the neaitrve in a moot eloquent speech;' but there was no opposition forthcoming, fnd the question was of course carried in favour of the ministry. The business this evening will he miscellan'eous, and on Tuesday evening next a debate on the question, "Is phrenology as a science reliable " the ministry opening in the negative. Miss GEORGIE SrITa?sos. -This lady, represented as the female Maccabe, and'as siated by a talented company, is announced to appear in the Temperance Hall on Fri day, Saturday, and Monday evenings next, and.at Shellharbour on Tuesday evening Wo have no personal knowledge of the lady's ottainmonts, but from the represen tations of the Victorian and provincial press we should imagine her worthy of a fall house on each oco.oion. Partioulars of the entertainment will be found in adver tisemoint nrd placards. OBITUARY.-The death of the late Mrs. Lindsay, of Shellharbour, at the age of 38 years, which sad event took place on the twelfth ultimo, just fourteen days after giving birth to her ninth child, caused quite a feeling of sadness throughout the district, but especially in the neighbourhood of Shell harbour, where she was best known and consequently most respected. She was Mr. Lindsay's second wife, and her maiden name was Mary Jane Singleton, of Single ton, in the Maitland district, which place was founded by her grandfather, and her own father was the first white child born in that district. She had been married about twelve years, and the joint families amount to fourteen children. Although death fol lowed her confinement so closely, we are informed it was not the immediate cause but, by four doctors, attributed to Bright's disease, from which she must have been suffering for some time, She was a mem ber of the Presbyterian Church, but was buried at Albion Park because of the su perior burying ground; a large concourse of sympathising friends joined the mournful procession, and the Rev. J. Stack conducted the funeral service. Xo*q.Bs.--VWe were indeed pleased to see thl epirited competition the other day fur the choice flower plants, &c.;, which have so long.graced the two bush houses of Mr. A. Buaby of the local branch of the Commercial Bank, because in the first place he obtained fair value for what he had to sell, but more particularly bs cause it was an evidence that there is still, in the district, a widespread taste for flori culture. It isreasonable to hope that the collection referred to, distributed by auc tion over the distriot, will add consider. ably to the beauty of the floricultural class of our next show. One of Mr, Busby's bush houses were devoted almost exclusively to fuschias of every good variety; they all looked healthy, though somewhat drawn. The other house dontlaineda miscellaneous collection coi sisfiig principally of primulao, cinereres, gloxeneas, calcolarias, hyacinths, &c.;, all of which were in splendid condition, Some twelve months ago aw'i an English floral magazine a cut of a noewcalcelaria, so superior to. anything we had,:ever seen before, that wo .con eluded it was much overdrawn. Mr. Busby, however, procured some of the seed and produced a most beautiful plant, the flowers of which were quite equal to the cut we refer to, the cinererea were simply grand, and the oyclainen, in full flower, was magniticent. .CnOcus.--As per announcement Meosrs, Ice and Perry's circus performed in Kiama on. Saturday -evening last and again last evening as wo were going to press. The spot chosen for the erection of the marquee, which is aqnusesually large and subtatitial one, wi, thei~' raserve opposite the public school, aid Within which on Saturday night there wore not less than three hundred persons assembled to witness the perform. anue. Of this we can say that our unticipa tiuia were realised and our recommendation by no men-sa mindirueted, a3 the circus, particularly the former part of it, was superior' to anything of .the kind we have seen in Kiaima before, The feats of horse manship by Mr.. Perry were most daring and clever, while Mr. Ice as a clown was inimitable. :,The latter gentleman also per formed a clover feat at Indian club nwing ino, and was quite a performance in him self as a wire walker. The hotiZontal bar and trapeze performancen by other meum bers of the company were very clever, while the trick ponies, dogs, and monkeys formed a side.splitting feature of the enter tainmuet. This evening the circus per. forms at Gorringoug, and to- morrow even ing at Broughton Croak, BR:oxAroIna the alleged discovery of the remains of Noah's Ark ou Moount Ararat, a few month's ago, the London " Daily Newa " of August 9 says :-We hare rc coived a number of letters anxiously in quiring about gophir wood and the fabled discovery of the Ark in a glacier on Mount Ararat. No further details have arrived as to thle interesting ' find,' and weo fear that the survival of the Ark must be reckoned with the late descent of a moonetous meteorite, which crushed a whole house somewheo e ' out Texa's way.' The imagi nation of the far East and \West is lively, the Oriental like the Occidental journalist is impulsive. We are icelinetl to believe th.t the report about the Ark is due to the invention of nome Levantine pressman, en vious of the achioveaiments of his brethren on thio boundless Weetern prairie. Symp toma of tile scepticism might, porhaps, have been detected by the very ncute in our remark that the Ark'wa. no longer a .eoaworthy, and in our expectation that Hittite itniriptions would be deciphered on its venerable beams. But perhaps since Chinese turned out to be connected with Babyloonisa, thero is nothiog to suerprise any longer in ally philologiced or asch:oolo logicil discovery, However this may be, the tidlingq about the Ark have decidedly not baen confirmed." Fiounrsao A GnosTO.-The Maldon corres pondont of the Melbhourno " Argus ' given the following particulars of an assault on a female who was mistaken for a ghost " A foew niobts pgo Mra Miller was rotrniong hoiml, and, whoile waiting for a friend at a street corner, wi3 paSit hy a yollng lnu1an, who, altor goinll' pl)assd lihr a fr. yatSds, rc turneid, knocl:ed her down, and atrdck her, piainit hor t.wo black t 0es and iiilwrtiog other inojuries. Before leaving he told her hli tlloioolit he had given hler enoughl. On reacrhing hooe elro intgfrmed hew ifooltl'd, who at once comminunicato:l wit'h the polic , hut a. aliho?'onld ot givr any dcocription ofi the peraon .who assaultedo her,'! tnd'inattor romainod a iystery. ' oporta for.somin tino pasl; woru c urrent, tlihatia ghalt hlid beom, sean in the neighbourhood of tih spot where the as.ault took place, and the followino morning a young minn who de. liVErý milk in the noighbourhood appeared ai usual, b'i with' i'a audIi il and helploas hliind, and iifolrdlld!llis cuitomier lltht'llo hliad, boon filltim i'g .ith ho ghost. i'.O hioning that a iMr. M3iller' case was in the handt of the police he at once paid a visit .to the sullaror, and on findiog that sh .was. really: the ghost he had altacked, lie offared a inmt aibject'. apology. ItF6is~ not, knob whether this his' heon acceptod." . THB "i Launceston- Examiner ' of the' 17th, instant ,, writes :-',' Another. e.rth quake' tdok' plac? yosterday.' attftcoti, about 2 o'ciock, and was felt by.a larg6 e number of peraons. As nsual,' it ':as" felt in elevated localitiae, as the Wiiidmill, Cataract, and Sandhilla, The motion-:wa ohlaractorised as 'being of. harisrp; jitrky natidre.' unaccompanioed by 'aiy noise, Vey' little" dihniage 'was doine. Another shock to'kphico'ibout 1 :in," odi: ii Snday' mSrning.' It Win accomlpanied by a noise like distant thunder," The St. Mary's coriespondent to the '0`0 Mdi'cury,;" '"ritiig on the 13th instant, observes'-" Earth. quakes still continue :to' oauo some alarnm, not only by their frequency;. biut by their increasing severity;: "There 'wa:s a very severe one on Suiiday:iiortiini'sg, ir in stant,-about ; anothor onTueoday morn ing, 5th instai'ut,tbout'2';-?nd another on Thuisday morniig, at half-past 5, which, some hero cousider to hava been tho most severo that has, yet beoon experienced in the district. On the afternoon of the same day other two were felt. The Alathinna correspondeiit ofthe ''"Launces ton Examiner, writing on the 10th inatant, stateo i--" Fbr/somoe timespsat' tho:i sh'ocks of'earthquake aboit herer: livea diminished both in:frequpnoy:and severity,, and ve were laying .-the" fiatering unction.' to 'iur minds:that' for tti6 prase8if 'le had 'db ?ie with theoii ii t dui'iig the litter part of, lait week vw, had ' reourronice of the plie nomena, more oftdn and mudh more severe than any one we had :experienoed pie., viously. On Saturday evening last there, was a smart shockE at 10 minuito to 10; then at a quarter to 2 on.the Sunday morn ing we had the most exciting shake of all, . believo, that roused up neorl.y every 'otm' on M?lthinua., ' Anothur elight quake occurred it half-iat 7 a mi . on Sund"y,' Mathiona 'is '8l ' esast'froni Lm'etiiencetim Similar sahocli wore also felt, about ,the saein time in othiir :loaliti?s i': theo 'ortli' enstra part of -Tamini. ., 