EDITHA'S BURGLAR. By Feasjcis Hodisos Bith.vf.tt. I will begin by saying that Edicha was alwajs rather a queer little gill, and not much like other children. She was not a strong, healthy little girl, and had never been able to run about and play ; and, as sue had no sisters or brothers, or com panions of her own size, she was rather it. She had always been very fond of becks, and had learned to read when fchc was such a tiny child, that I should almost be afraid to say how tiny she was when she read her first volume through. Her papa, wrcte books himself, and was also the editor of a newspaper ; and as he had a largelibrary, Editha perhaps read more than wa3 quite good for her. She lived in London ; and, as her mamrjna was very young and pretty, and went out a great deal, and her papa so busy, and her governess only came in the morning, the was left to herself a good many hours in the day : and when she was left to herself, she spent the greater part of her time in the library reading her papa's big books, and even his newspapers. She was very fond of the newspapers, because she found so many carious things in them— stories, for instance, of strange events which happened every day in the great city of London, and yet never seemed to happen any where near where she lived. Through the newspapers she found that there were actu ally men who lived by breaking into people's houses and stealing all the nice things they could carry away, and she read that such men were called burglars. When she first began to read about burglars she was very mush troubled. In the first place, she felt rather timid about going to bed at night, and, in the second place, she felt rather sorry for the burglars. 'I suppose no one ever taught them any better,' she thought. In fact, she thought so much about the matter that she could not help asking her papa some questions one morning when he was at breakfast. He was reading his paper ana eating his chops both at once when she spoke to him. ' Papa,' she said, in a solemn little voice, and looking at him in a very solemn manner, 'papa, dear, what do you think of burglars — as a class ?' (She said ' as a class' because che had heard one of her papa's friends say it, and ss he was a gentleman she admired very much the liked to talk as he did.) Her papa gave a little jump in his chair, as if she had startled him, and then he pushed his hair off his forehead and stared at her. ' Burglars ?' As a class !' he said, and then be stared at her a minute again in rather a puzzled way. 'Blesa my soul!' he said, ?'Asa class, Nixie!' (that was his queen pet name for her.) 'JSixie, where is your mother?' . 'She is in bed, papa dear, and we mustn't disturb her,' said Editha, 'The parly last night tired her out. Ipeeped into her room / eottlyaBlcame down. She looks so pretty when she is asleep. What do yon tiunk of 'I thinkthey an a .bad lot, Nixie,' said her papa, 'a bad lot.' ' Are there no good burglars, papa . ' Well, JTine,' answered papa, 'I should say not. As a rule, you know'— and bere he began to smile, as people often smiled at Editha when she asked questions—' as a rule burglars are not distinguished for moral perspicuity and blameless character.' But Editha did not understand what moral perspicuity meant, and besides ahe was think ing again. 'Miss Lane was talking to me the other day about some poor children who had never been taught anything ; they had never hid any French or music lessons, and scarcely knew how to read, and she said they had never had any advantage?. Perhaps that is the way with the burglars, papa— perhaps they have never had any advantages— perhaps if they had had advantages they mightn't have been burglars.' 'Lessons in French and music are very elevating to the mind, my dear Nixie,' papa began in his laughing way, which was always a trial to Editha, but suddenly he stopped aed looked at her rather sadly. ' How old arc you, Nixie ?' he asked. 'lam seven,' answered Editha, 'seven years, going on eight.' Papa sighed. 'Come here, little one,' he said, holding out his strong white hand to her. She left her chair and went to him, andjhe put his arms around her, and kissed her, and stroked her long brown hair. 'Don't puzzle your little brain too much,' he said, ' never mind about the burglars, Nixie.' 'Well,' said Editha, ' I can't help think ing about them a little, and it seems to me that there must be, perhaps, one good burglar among all the bad ones, and I can't help being rather sorry even for the bad ones. You see, they must have to be up all night, and out in the rain sometimes, and they can't help not having had advantages.' It was strange that the first thiag she heard when she went up to her mamma's room' was something about burglars. She was very fond of her mamma, and very proud of her. She even tried to take care of her in her small way ; she never disturbed her when she was asleep, and she alwaj's helped her to dress, bringing her things to her, buttoning her little shoes and gloves, putting the perfume on her handkeivhisfa. snd holding her wraps until she wanted them. This morning when she went iuto the dress ing-room she found the .chambermaid there before her, and her dear little mamma looking very pale. 'Ah, mem ♦ if yon please mem J' the cham bermaid was saying, ' what a blessing ifc was they didn't come here?' ' Who, Janet?' Editha asked. 'The burglars, miss, that broke into nu Ti- ber eighteen last sight, and carried off all the silver, and the missus's jewellery-' ' If burglars ever do break in here,' said mamma, *' I hope none of us will hear them, though it would almost break my heart to have ray things taken. If I should waken in the night, and find a burglar in my room, I think it would kill me, and I kuow I should scream, and then there is no knowing what they might do. If ever you think there 13 a boirglar in the house, ]Sixie, whatever you do, don't scream or make any noise. Ifc would be better to have one things stolen th.au to bs killed by burglars for screaming.' She was cot a very wise little mamma, and often said rather thoughtless things ; bub she was very gentle and loving, and Editha was so fond of her that she put her arms round her waist and said to her — 'Mamma, dearest, I will never let any curgiars nurc you or ingnten you it i e*u help it. I do believe I could persuade them not to. I should think even a burglar would listen to reason.' That made her mamma laugh, so that shs forgot all about the burglars, and began to §ec her color again, and it was not long before the was quite gay, and was singing a song she had heard at the opera, while Editha was helping her to dress. Hut that very night Editha met a burglar. Just before dinner her p&pa; came up from tie city in a great hurry. He dashed up to the front door in a cab, and jumping out ran upstairs to mamma, who was sitting ia the drawing-room, while Editba read aloud to her. ' Ketty, my dear,' he said, ' I am obliged to go to Glasgow by the 'five' train. I must throw a few things into a portmanteau a-nd go at once.' ' Oh, Francis !' said mamma. ' And just after that, burglary at the Norris's ! I doa't like to be left alocc.' 'The servants are here,' said papa, 'and Nixie will take care of you ; won't you, j Nixie? Nixie is interested in burglars.' i *? I am sure Nixie could do more than the i servants,' eaid mamma. ' All three of them bleep in one room at the top of the house when you are away, and even if they awakened they would only scream.' ' Nixie wouldnt scream,' said papa, laugh iDg ; ' Nixie would do something heroic. I will leave you in her hands.' He was only joking, but Editha did not think of what he said as a joke ; she felt that her mamma was really left in her care, and that it was a very serious matter. She thought about it so seriously that she hardly talked at all at dinner, and was so quiet afterward that her .mamma said, 'Dear, me. Nixie, what are you thinking of ? You lock as solemn as a little owl.' j ' I am thinking of you, mamma,' the child answered. And then her mamma laughed and kissed her, arjd said — ' Well, I must say I don't see why you should look so grave about me. I didn't think I was such a solemn subject.' At last bed time came, and the little girl went to her mother's room, because she was to sleep alone. ' I am glad I have you with me, Nixie.' j said mamma, with a rather ncrroua little | laugh. ' I am sure I shouldn't like to sleep ! ia this big room alone.' j But cftcr sbe was in bed she soon fell j 3 sleep, and lay looking so_ hapoy and sweet i and comfortable that Editha thought it wa3 j levely to see her, I Editba did not go to sleep for a long time ] She thought of her papa trying to sleep on - the train, rushing through the dark night on ! its v,ay to Scotland ; the thought of a child the had once heard singing in the street ; and ! when her eyes closed &u; length her mind had i jutt gene back to the burglars at Number i Eighteen. She blept until midnight, and thtn something wakened her. At nrst she ma cm jiuuvv wiiub il was, dug in a tow minutes she found that it was a queer little I sound coming froru downstairs — a so and like j a stealthy filing of iiou. j She understood in a moment then, because '? the had heard the chambermaid say that tiie j burglars broke into Number Eighteen by i filing through the bars of the shutters. | 'It is a burglar,' she thought, 'and he 1 v.iil awaken mamma.' j If she had been older, and had knosrn j more of the habits of burglars, she might ' have fcetn more frightened than she was. i She did not think of herself at all, however, I but of btr mother. She began to reason the matter over as quickly as possible, and she made up her i mind that Ine burglar must not be allowed I to m&kc; a nGisc. J *' I'll go down and ask him to please be as j cuiet as he csr-,' she said to herself, and ' I'll ' tell Mm why.' Certainly this was a queer thing to think of doing, but I told you when I began my j story thct she was a queer little girl. She slipped cut of bed so quietly that she ; scarcely stirred the clothes, and then slipped ! just as quietly out of the room and down the j stairs. '? The filing had ceased, but she heard a ! sound of stealthy feet in the kitchen ; and, i though it must be confessed her heart beat rather faster than usual, she made her way ? to the kitchen and opened the door. ' Imagine the astonishment of that burglar i when, on hearing the door open, he turned j round and found] himself looking at a slender : little girl, in a white frilled nightgown, j and with bare feet,— a little girl whose large i Lrown eyes rested on him in a by no means j unfriendly way. I ' I'll be polite to him,' Editha had said, at she was coming downstairs. ' I am sure he'll ; be more obliging if I am very polite. Miss ' Lane says politeness alwavs wins its way.' \ So the first words she spoke were as polite as she could make them. j 'Don't be frightened,' she said, in a soft '? voice. ' I don't want to hurt you ; I came to ask a favor of you.' j The burglar was so amazed that he actually i forgot he was a burglar, and staggered back , against the walL I fancy he thought at first that Editha was a little ghost. 'You see I couldn't hurt you if I wanted to,' she went j on, wishing to encourage him. ' I'm too i little. I'm only seven— and a little over— J and I'm not going to scream, because that would waken mamma, and that's just what I don't want to do.' That did encourage the burglar, but still he was so astonished that he did not know what to do. 'Well, Tm blowcd,' he said in a whisper, 'if this ain't a rummy go !' which was ex tremely vulgar language ; but, unfortunately, he was one of those burglars, who, as Miss Lane said, 'had not had any advantages,' which is indeed the case with the majority of the burglars of my acquaintance. Then he began to. laugh— in a whisper almost, if one can be said to laugh in a whisper. He put his hand over his month, and made no noise, but he laughed so hard that he doubled up and rocked himself to and fro. 'The rummiest go,' he said, in bis unedu cated way. 'An'Ehebaintagoin'to'urtme. Ob, my eje.' He was evidently very b*dly educated, iu- -? deed, for lie not only used singular words, i but sounded bin n'a aU in the wrong pl&eos.; Editha noticed this, -even in the midst of her emprise at his laughter. She could not understand what he was laughing at. Then it occurred to her that she might have made j a mistake. I 'If you please,' she said, with great deli* ] cacy, * ' are you really a burglar ?'* He stopped laughing just long enough to answer her; 'Lor' no, miss,' he said, ' by no manner o' means. I'm a dear friend o' yer par's come to make a evenln' call, an' not a wishin to trouble the servants I stepped iu through the winder.' ' Ah !' said Editha, looking very gravely at him ; ' I see you are joking with me, as pspa does sometimes. Bat what I want to j say to you is this : Papa has goae to Scot- . i land, and all our servants are women, and mamma would be so frightened if you were to awaken her, that I am sure it would make her ilL And if you are going to burgie please bnrgle as quietly aa you can, so that you won't disturb her?7* [To be concluded in our next.} 