THE weights for tho two leading handicaps to be run at Eagle Farm next month, have been published during the week, but I am com- pelled to postpone my analysis of it until next week. So far as n cursory glance goes, however, I think tho adjustment a v«ry good one. Gipsy King, tho Rockhampton representative, has no cause to complain, and I shall expect to seo him run well forward for both events. To-day tho V.A.T.C annnal meeting com- mences at Caulfield, and will bc continued ou the 20th. The Caulfield Guineas is tho prin- cipal event to be run to-day, nearly twouty remaining in the race at latest accounts. On paper nothing seems more likely to produco tho winner than Ike (if Mr. De Mostre's selec- tion); and after him Delusion, Napier, and Duenna arc seemingly most worthy of support. I am informed that Mr. W, G, Jackson at the request of some of the Committee, finally decided not to resign the Secretaryship of the Rockhampton Jockey Club, consequently no fresh appointment was made. There is not much alteration to notice in the betting market over the coming V. H. C. events. Tho scratching of Warwick for tho Derby bas had the effoct of hardening tho price of Archie, and 0 to 4 is now the best offer against this son of Rapid Bay. The general entry for the meeting ie very good. Gipsy King and Oapitulator left on Wednesday, per Burwah, for Brisbane, in charge of their trainer. Mr. \V. li. Carter. I did not eoe the oolts prior to their departure, but I believe Gipsy King is in good buckle, whilst Capitulator is rather sore and not as well as his friends would wish. Glencoe has arrived safely at his destination in Sydney, and it remains to be seen how he will ehape among tho southern cracks. Tho conditions of the Rockhampton Sires' Produce Stakes of 18S7 have been published. Tho raoe is very similar to that of '8(5, and is "a swoop of 5 sovs. each from starters, with £150 sove. addod, for alt two-year-olds the produce of nominating sires; colts Sst. 7lbs., fillies Sst. 4lbs., no »llowarioo for geldings ; one mile. The nominator of eire of winner to receive 50 sovs. from prize ; second I horse half sweep. Owners of sires uomi uated to gfvu pro. note for 10 sovs. each, due 31st May, 1887, payable to thc order of Socrolary, R.J.C., such being tho property of the Club. The nomination of aires close on 15th December next, being an extension of one month from last year. The nomination of mares (freo) to close 30th April, ISSI. Foals to be described, accompanied by 1 «nv., on or before 30th April, IS85. Sweep payable at scale." I ara indebted to the courtesy of Mr. II. N. Ussher, thc lion. Secretary of tho Broadsound Jockey Club, for the information that six sires have been nominated for tho Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run in May next. Tito sires entered arc-Richard, Logic, Laurie, Sir Hercules, Normanby, and Debonair. Tho produce of these sires must be entered on or beforo tho 1st December next, which requires a fee of £1. The balança of entry (£2) on night of general entry. At a ¡ate meeting of the Blackall Racing Club the following officers wore appointed for the ensuing year :-Mr. F. R. Murphy, ProBi dent; Mr. Budge, vice-President; Mr. Barnier, Troasnror; and Messrs, Clowett, Johnston, Tozer, Niall, Sheppard, Dickens, Knight, Frost, Chase, Haylook, O'Malloy, and Lane, as Committeemen. Warwick has been scratched for tho Y.R.C. Derby, which meant another case of backers burning thoir fingers pretty sovorely. Mr. J. M'Gill's celebrated maro Sunrise has dropped a fine filly foal to Epigram. Figaro says :-D, llcudry's blood stallion Recruit, well known throughout the WiJo Bay sud Gympie districts, had to be shot last week. It received a kick from a maro and managed cs get its leg broken. Olivcria (a full sister to Olivia) is said to ho very fit for tho coming Q.T. C. mooting. She is owned hy thc astute Mr. J. AI'Gill. Tho horses pnrchascd in England by Lord William Beresford for India are- Reputation, Father Prout, and Little Charlie. They wore all fair performers. Mr. WcckcB has á £500 match on with Lord Beresford, and in all pro- bability will »oloct Thc Ghost or Transferred to do battle for Australia. Tho Dowager Duchess of Montrose will race in futuro under the assumed name of " Mr. Manton." Barcaldine (hy Solon out of Ballyroe) won the Northumberland Plate (2 miles) easily, carrying 9 st. 10 lbs. Mr. Peck, who owns the horse, is said to have refused £10,000 for him prior to the race. " Hipparion " (Uaryhorovgh Cliromdr) writes «s follows r- "The committee of the Maryborough Turf Club mot at tho Sydney Hotel on September 21, when it was decided to rais<: thc sum of £1000-debentures-for thc purpose of forming a new course, building a new £rui<l Htand, offices and paddocks ; up- wards nf £330 was subscribed in the room. Applications for shares arc coming in freely. Thc stand is to be large enough for the requirements of a growing town, laiies are to he tempted there by a cloak or dressing room aud all conveniences, as well as by a lawn en- closed for promouadc, free from the oaths, tho cigarettes, and saliva of tho bookmakers. The cominiltee show their wisdom in holding out inducements to ladies, on whom thc u'ti nuto success of raoo meetings, as of all great undertakings iu this world depends." 