ID I A 3NT 3ES: or, : The Plotters offPoltters. A STOET OF LOVE AND ESJTBIGUE. By Stlvaito8»Cobb. CHAPTEE II, MOTHBl JUKON XEKF6 EEB SBCBET. When Jean Baptaste h^d prtt his name upon Che register lie rejoined his companion, and together they went out into Hm broad tail to look after their luggage,, w?Aich the ooncierge nad his assistant had brougWaia from the dili gence. . ( Meantime Mother Jnnon had^come down from the balcony, and naa reporter 10 uer .uuouttuu what she had seen. *It means, mischief/ ehe«deolared, .emphati cally. Papa Fretart rubbed his long, thin chin thoughtfully. ?Why should you thinkfso P ThetDake may be expecting some one. Very often messenger* come down from the chateau to inquire after new arrivals* * Aye, but they. dojr*t come as this man came. Did yon Bee his face ? No^-you werepot looking. But I saw him when he wefet toward* the regis ter He went like a man who was Afraid — like one who did not wish to be saen. O-1 th« fool 1 That very thing exposed him. I saw Jim loot at the handsome gentleman— My faith.! iB he not handsome ? I saw him look that way first, and then he looked at the boy, and it was the boy that interested him. He set bis evil-eye upon that poor boy, as though.he would look into his very soul/ \- * ' Hah !J The aubergiste uttered the*exclama tion with a start, like a man frightened. HiB wife looked quickly around, bufceaw noth Sg unusual. ' Papa, what Is it ?' . * That same man has been watching ourittegister for a week. I remember now ; but he has worn a different garb before.' _, J ,, * We must warn them at once. They should know — * * Hush ? They are here. Wait, mother. Let) hb think. We must do nothing in haste. Let us not make fools of ourselves.' By that time the new-comers had approached very near to the host, and having caught his wife's nod of assent, he turned to jrreefc them. * * Art -thou our host ?' It was the elder — M. Henri — who spoke, and if madame had been charmed by his looks, she i was no less charmed by what she was pleased to term the ' grandeur ' of his voice. Fretart bowed low in assent, and would then have spoken, but St. Marc stopped him. ' Let us have our supper — or our dinner, which ever you may please to term it — and we will talk after that. Neither Jean nor I have tasted food since leaving St. Amond.' ' Did you spend the last night at Saint Amond, Monsieur ?' 'We did.' j If the host wished to ask more, the bearing of his guest deterred him, and without further remark he led the way to the eating-room. As they went Mother Junon caught the eye of Jean Baptiste. The way she happened to catch it was— she had fixed her gaze upon Viim so steadily and bo earnestly that the electric current of her powerful organism must have startled him. At all events, he had looked up suddenly, and with manifest uneasiness, and when he met the full, intense light of her lustrous «rbs, his own eyes, brilliant as they were, camo near to paling- and turning1 away, but he sum moned his strength — his nerve — and returned Mother Junon such a glance that her gaze fal tered, and her eyes drooped, after which the boy passed on, following his companion in the direc tion of the supper- room. When the aubergiste. returned he found bis wife standing where he had left her. ' ~* Why !' he cjfcied, iij amassment, 'what ails mother ?' And he laid his bind upon her arm. She shook his hand off, and bad him go about Ills business. She said she was thinking. But he would not be put off so. * Junon — good mother ! — what is it P What have you heard ? What have you seen ?' She looked him in the face for a brief space ; then laid his hand upon his shoulder and bent her bead. ' Girard Fretart, I have Been a ghost P She turned and went into an unoccupied room behind the bar, and he followed her. * Mother — good mother— do not drive me mad. What have you seen ?' ' I told you, papa, and I told you the truth. I have seen a ghost !* ? Finally, when he had urged her until his eyes had become moist with vexation, she said to him: * Papa, I can only tell you this^ Watch, and judge for yourself if a ghost is not to appear, one of these days, at the grand chateau.' ' But — Junon— iB it the boy — Jean Baptiste — that has startled you ?' She cast a furtive glance around, and then whispered: ' Yes !' and then broke away, and hurried off to her kitchen. ' Girard Fretart stood for a time like one stupefied — in a daze, — but gradually his senses came back to him, and he bent his head in thought. ' She means that a ghost is to appear to the duke/ he mormand to himself, when his thenghts had begun to assume shape. 'Ah! I see : She discovered a likeness to somebody. It may be somebody that the duke has grievously wronged. My faith I fhere are enough of them. Yes, yes. Ha ! — Oho !l A* tins point be emote his hand upon his breast- with vehement gesture, and started across tde room. ' Ah ! if it should be true Marquis of Charglny! I have beard whisperings of a marriage in Germany — that the Marquis Bernard did not die —that he married, and had a son. Mercy? this boy is German, surely. His tongue will tett.' The little man fairly staggered beneath the weight of the secret he had discovered, and pre sently he sat down, where he gave himself to bis startling subject. 'And for this they have come to Poitiers— the pair of. them. Saint Maro has come to help bis friend. Ha!— I see. The boy is the master, I'll wager a crown t Oh ! if the troth comes out if this la fee trne marquis, what will the duke do with Diane de Saint Anbinf Poor girl! she shall be warned.' -She holds out, even now ; but if she could know that this other ward was not what he thinks himself, Ae might take bolder measures. Bat— wait. We must think. Junon is right. We must think!' And with this wise decision he arose, and went, out into the hall, where he met hip two new gueste just coming from their finished meaL ' Monsieur Fretart, 1 am Henri de8alnt Haro. I ?uppoM yon know why I am here.' ' 1 know very well, monsieur/ i lad Jean Baptiste is to be mjr aaristont/ Fretart bowed to the boy, sad, as he did eo, lie gave a look that wm keen and «esrobing. 'Yes/ £e said, in Us own thought*, *b» Is German, surely/ \- 'Jean will help me when he pleases/ went on 0t. Mara, in an easy, pleasant way. 'He is a dear fri«tid- and comes a* nraob. lor leoreatuma* 4or service. Still, I have no doubt be will make Umsatfuerol/ ? Fntart mailed to mind a phrase in the letter «t tUdfe—Unr-gwral '» lad who goes into the wodd toseek Us fortune.' oToocmw this Jaw Baptist* was ? acM*BM te Osntoe, who hadcwMtoamAhJswar.aodprovelitorigkte, 'A*4 a«»V iiuisniiHL Ma£, bwa«i£fa, npakr «» -tw «4V»«f tae peek, and the** twill WvmjPfm ors4»atfals,ao4 enter at owe trpon a^aatifl aVBaWsB^BBaW ^^^^^^^^b^b ^^^^^^awMkaw aVia, aMati MaW The little old man blushed like a boy, and moved quickly on. He could not but realise what a foolish exhibition of himself; be had made in forcing such a conversation in that place. . . The office— the Bureau de Poste— was separated from the auberge by a solid wall of brick— solid save where the single entrance from the inn waa guarded by an iron door. There were four apart ments dented to the business of the post — a pri vate offioe/devbted to the business of the master with a General Bureau; a room adjoining, or office set apart to the business of the office itself, generally occupied by the deputy or assistant; then came a larger room, where letters were deli vered, and business transacted with the citizens generally ; and, leading out from this was a small closet-like apartment, where were a table and writing materials, in which a person might go who had received a letter which he wished to an swer then and there. Ab early as the year 1600 the poet of France had been set to work upon an organized system. Post coaches were on the road during the last half of the 16th century, and by the time of which we speak regular offices bad been established in every town of note. During the ministry of Bichelieu the system was carried as near to perfection as the condition of society would permit. At all events, the exigencies of the times were fully met, and no man in France was so humble that his letter would not be carried in the Govern ment sacks, side by side with the missives of princes, and just as carefully and sacredly, if only he was able to pay the price demanded for carriage. And now in 16S2 we find the post jnst as Richelieu had left it, with many of bis trained servants still in office. - ? Passing1 through the arched way in the division wall, where the iron door was, the master en tered a narrow passage leading to the right to his private office^ and to the left— or, rather, straight on — to the office of the deputy. Then ?these two apartments had a door of communica 'tion with each other, and each of them had, [beside, a door communicating with the General Post apartment. The Bmali closet for the accom modation of letter writers, or other business 'between outsiders might be reached from the ?office of the deputy, from the general office, and also from the main vestibule of entrance on the street. Poitiers was an important town, and its postal privileges were extensive. ' We have been thus particular in our deBCrip ?tSon of the Bureau de Poste of Poitiers for two seasons : First, that the reader may be familiar tilth the scene ; and, second, that it may be seen «ad understood that the postal facilities of France, in the the time of Eichelieu, were equal, in every respect to those which can be remembered by ' many now living as having subsisted during the first third of the present century. (TO BE CONTDnJED.) 