ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY TuE GbcosT.) August 25. Honourable members of both branches of the Logislature are still displaying a commendable diligence in transacting the business of the country. The Council has tackled the Tramways and the Local Government Bills, and although there are some sturdy opponents of the former measure to he found in the Upper House, and they threaten to delay its passing into law by taking ovidence at the bar of the rod-cushioned Chamber, it may confi dently be predicted that are long there will be no legal impediment in the way to prevent Melbourne from enjoying a method of locomotion which places of far less importance have found absolutely necessary to the comfort of their inhabi tants. There is also some small chance of the soemingly insoluble question of mining on private property being at length settled. The members of the Upper House have invariably stood in the way. At present, however, they are taking the lead, and when the bill in troduced by Mr. Sargood has emerged from the Council. the Assembly will have at least the knowledge of how far the representatives of landed property are prepared to go, and can act accordingly. The Assembly has not been so well be laved as usual, and there has boon a mild meeting, the offender being the military member for Ballarat West. The Estimates were to have been procoeded with on Wednesday, but the honourable and gallant Major interposed in order to do liver himself of his opinions on the de fence scheme submitted by the Govern mont, or rather by Major Sargood, one of its number. In vain did the Premier appeal to Major Smith to delay action until the question was properly before the House, and avoid the lose of time involved in an aimless discussion. The honourable member had loaded his guns and made up his mind to fire them. For three mortalihours-whichappeared thirty, so wearily did they drag along-did tho Ballarat werriorcontinun the attack. His main ground of complaint is that officers of the regular forces should be imported when there is such a vast amount of latent talent among the volunteer com manders already on the spot. He didn't quite say so, but he allowed it to be plainly inferred that there was at least one man in the colony ready ala moment's notice to assume the command of the colonial army and lead it to victory. At last, however, the Majorceased firing, and Mr. Service was able briefly to reply. Tine discussion was ended by the hands of the clock pointing to nine, when private members' business was called on. Despite this wasted evening good pro. gress has been made with the work of legislation. The Civil Service Bill has been introduced and read a first time. Should it pass it will assuredly be the snyUnnuns opus, not only of this session, but of all former ones. With this bill, and the Malilee Bill to their credit, and the Estimates passed before three months of the financial year have gone by, the Service Ministry will be able to boast of having distanced all their predecessors. The Law Courts have afforded one or two somewhat sensational episodes of late. The acquittal of Ah Kit, the China. man tried for a murder which there is very little doubt he committed, created some sunrprise, and, strange to say, hnas caused a strong feelinng of dissatisfaction among the Celestial inhabitants of the metropolis and suburbs. They appear to think that they have to a certain ex tent been slighted. They would rather like one of theircountrymen to be hanged once in a way, just to let the world see how civilized they are becoming, and to what full.extent they enjoy the rights of eitizenship. Some people are indoo very difficult to satisfy. Another ease that has occasioned much comment is the Ecause celebre of8 Mrs. Carter. This interesting lady, whose life, history, and adventures have been a veritable Godsend to newspaper writers, who in these piping times of Parli. esentary peace would assuredly have run the risk of being " gravelled for lack of matter," has been in conjunction with her brother, or lover, or husband, or in whatever light ie stands, been tried on a charge of conspiracy, and found guilty. Fortunately, however, his Honor, Mr. Justice Williams, has views of his own in regard to crime. He requested the jury, previous to their retirement, to consider their verdict, to give him their opinion as to whether the offence elith which Mrs. Carter and Booper were charged had been committed with a desire to save the lady's feelings, and spare ties blushes which a full disclosure of her pant career might have caused to mantle her check. The jury found both the accused guilty, replying to the queries of the judge in the allirmative. Therenpon his Bonor sentenced the interesting couple to Ja week's imprisonment. It is thus infer. entially laid down on high judicial authority that the end justifies the means. According to this principle a man who steals a hundred pounds for the purpose of handing over the cash to his impecunious mother should be esteemed rather a worthy member of society than otherwise, and a more fitting subject for reward than for punishment. Among the eccentricities of legal decieions this last one will assuredly take high rank. To do evil that good may ennue is-at least as far as the criminal world is concerned a very comfortable doctrine, and one which will hardly fail to commend itself to their acceptance. The lecture recently delivered in the Scots Church by Mr. Justice Hfiginbotham has profoundly stirred the religious world. The daily and weekly journals have teemed witin eorroelpondennce on the subject, and tine vials of clerical wrath have bsen emptied on the hsand of the learned lecturer until Iso must hnave felt somewhat bcwildered at tine shower of abuse Isis enunncistion mad provoked. Tine matter, ton, has mud lihs eirect of reviving tins 55ftrong" controversy, and lihat out spoken Presbyter hns mad a lively time of it at thne handn of his critics. Neither of the assailed genstlenon have, however, as yet vouehsated any reply to the multi tdinous attacks levelled at tine,,. fsooth to say there is not very muchel inn the way of answer possible. Strong lasgoage is, it is said, required to ensforce weak argo. menits, and if tine force of language is anny gauge of tine weakones of tine cane egainnst Messrs. Higlnbohiann a~nd Strong, thnese gonstioemn cnn wall afford to treat their Sopponents wills sihenuce. Tine dieputohbas, hnwever, had one good eflent. It has shown that there is still a section of the commuhity that holds sdame religious bo lief, and in a world fast becoming agnostic or infidel, this in itself is some small crumb of comfort. It uded to be said that the1 late Earl of Aldborough received a handsome annuity from Professor Holloway, of advertising fame, for allowing his noble patronymic to be used in connection with the world famous ointment and pills. Perhaps there is some similar understanding be tween King Cotowayo and Baron Router. 'Iho sable monarch has, perhaps, for a con sidoration allowed himself to be killed one day, broughttolife thenext, tohbwounded, to escape unhurt, to gain a victory, and to suffer defeat. Anyway the King of the Zulus has been of late very much utilised as a subject for cablegrams. it must be quite as puzzling for the English Government to know what to do with this black-white elephant as it is, accord ing to General Fielding, for the average British parent to know what to do with his eon. After deposing him atgreat cost of blod and treasure, Great Britain re stored him to his throne and country. The first use the re-crowned King makes of his liberty is to involve England in another campaign. This is Zulu gratitude. It was evidently a mistake, after Humpty Dumpty's fall, again to replace the tumbled-down gentleman ens the wall. If hIe should once more come down the boat plan will be not to pick him up. The "jumpere" alluded to on a former occasion have commenced operations at the Dark River. The party is said to in elude a barrister, a solicitor, a publican not unknown in the mining world, a Ballarat broker, and one or two adventur ous spirits who feel aggrieved at being left out in the cold while " good things" are about. The "blackmailers" are, however, not likely to make much out of their venture. The majority of the claimulave been marked out under the leasing regnla. tions, and as there is a certain amount vagueness and uncertainty attaching to them, and the goldfields wardens always give bona jide applicants the benofit of any doubt, the shares in the "Junmps Company" are unlikely to go to a very high premium. Matters theatrical are quienicent. Struck Oil" still continues ann inn mosene draw, and Emilio Melville is again established as a favourite at the Princess. The Italian troupe at the Opera are im. proving upon further acquaintance, and the Polks at the Bijou are still popsular as ever. From New Zealand comes the news that Messrn. D'Arcy Stanfield and Fred Dark, well known here, are coining money in their drawing- room entertain ment, "Merry Thoughts and Happy Moments." The audiences at the Mel. bourns places of amusement ag inot, however, as a rule, as largo as the merite of the performances warrant, and "some. body" must be "realising a loss."' Per haps before long the latter fact may be made more patent than it is at present. 