THE REY. G. W. PATCHELL, M.A. THE FUNERAL. The funeral of this rev. gentleman, who ,digdbuddenly frottitheeffeetrofan apoplectic seizure, which Oecurred during the proceedings of the Wesleyan Conference on iTriday, J took place on Saturday afternoon. At 3 o'clock a large -number of persons assembled, in the ¥irie-street Church, where a short service was conducted prior to the body being rerriovjal to '{he cemetery. Tie proceedings were commenced with the hymn, Come, let us join our friends that have «£tained~the prize," afto'whichipeBt^f the-FiEst Epistle to the Corinthians, chap, xvv, was read by the Rev. R. S. Casely. The Rev. 6. Eiight then, without taking any words as text, delivered the following address z—" Brethren —I feel to-day -as £ we o^ght to exclaim. * Howl ye firtoee, for the cedar has fallen,' for we stand in the presence of an immediate act of God. I heard a friend of enr deceased brother, when walking up and down tae Lecture Hall yesterday, exclaim ' What does this mean? Why iB this done—why is this man taken—why has not one less cultivated and less needed been cut off from our midst f My answer to this is that there can be no laws of probability or nolaws of average in relation to individual death, and for the peace of the world £ think it better that there should he indiscriminativeness as to the time of Death's approach. There must be no known time for this entting-off, otherwise there .can be -no happiness. In sjite of the -wants of an undermanned Church and an immature family, there must be blessing in thin visitation; there must he something greater than our brother's life, greater thantrar brother's ministry, and greater thin the suffering of his family, or Be would be with ns «tilL If we are sobered, if our lives are hallowed, if we are" led to do what our hands .find to do more ;fully with our might, it is worth his life or the life of any of us. In face of the suffering of Christ and the blood of tbe martvrs shed for millennia of years, it is evident that God makes nothing of the cost to' save and to sanctify. God makes no more of temporal sacrifice than we make of the desolation of the forests ont of which we build" our beautiful cities, or the herds which fwere ravaged to build these temples of the} Holy Ghost. There is no other way—no alter- native. This tragi life and vain world is only the way to seriousness and life. If God can but begin His work of grace in the hearts of men all .this is justified. Not justified to the trifling ortoihe frivolous, or to those who make everything of comfort in this life: but justified to the wise and to the holy. Death is no mistake, or cruelty, or fate; but it is Christ's choice and- election. You need not die, -1 need- not die, he need not die, for Christ has redeemed us from all legal and natural obligation. There is no better way than that common to all the world. A Christian .dies not under the penalty of.the law, he dies beneficently, and in obedience to Christ's living behest, and so our brother has bowed his bead to. it for the peace of the world. It is the will of God that as far as the exit from this world is concerned men should share and share alike. It has been remarked that this death was sudden; but it must be remembered that it is not God's design that we should make special preparation for death Some say, 'Iwouldnot like to be taken in the same way;' but you will be taken in this way—in undress, in workaday attire, and as you are, for most men have to die with about the average state preand could choose a better moment than after rising from that chair where he had been advocating the cause on which his heart was set, then sinking gently on his knees, without pain or consciousness, die softly likea summer wavelet rippling to the shore.. With his last word on a subject which had inspired so many generous .and noble impulses in his heart, he ceases at once to.work and live. Could you choose anything better than this ? I have felt as if I had nothing to do with his life to-day—nothing to say of his youth, although it was godly and healthful. I am not to speak of him, although I might tell you of him as a preacher of righteousness at nineteen, when many of us were romps. lam not to speak of him in the holy consecration of his early manhood .to the noblest of all pursuits and cdlinas. I will not dwell upon his coming to this land in 1866, nor will I refer to his career at Wallaroo, at Brompfcon, at Pirie- Btreet,at Port Adelaide,at Koonnga, at Willunga, or Goolwa, where he has laboured, and laboured faithfully and well, according to his gifts—laboured evidently to the top of his strength, laboured so as to hasten the end that he has reached. Nor will I speak of him in his capacity as first master of Prince Alfred College, nor as editor of our organ, nor as examiner of our, probationers—a work which in my opinion he aid better than it was ever done "before, and in which he took the greatest delight—nor as our agent or letter- writer, nor of the honour he received from the American University in the degree that he more and more worthily merited. I am to speak to-day a few words, as I have done, of his death, and I know that it has already borne good fruit. I have heard one manly brother say, ' I shall love my brethren better from this hour,' and if that be true it is a blessed result. I.heard another—a man who wields a wide influence in this town—say that this death has shown him that he has borne the present too much in mind, and I felt with him in those reflections. My heart longs for the grave lesson 3 bought at such a cost. I said,' Am I to lose them, purchased at the expense of that weeping widow and of those orphan children? Must it be wasted, and am 1 to pass away uninfluenced, or am I to, be permanently blessed?' I know that on the night when Jesus was betrayed He gave thanks thatif.by the cross He should, make an appeal which would be deeper and more potent' than words he had uttered. He gave thanks if he could then speak to the world, as he could not speak with his lips: Ifl may speak for my brothers, then, if I may speak for those dumb lips which shall never say words again, may I not say that he gives thanks ? May I speak for that weeping widow, who by ner submission to God, by her resignation to His will, and by her patience teaches us that there is one who is husband to the widow, that she too gives thanks; and may I,not speak for those orphaned children, who shall teach you and I that there is a Providence that is constant in its tenderness and kindness, and say that they too give thanks? We need the lesson of this death—I need it— and if it be that by this means God is speaking to these trembling hearts of ours to teach them to be still, we must give thanks too. God has his mysteries of grace—ways which we cannot tell. He hides them deep like the secret sleep of him he loved so well. At the conclusion of the service the funeral procession formed outside the door of the Church. At the head of the cortege were the clerical members of the Conference in order of seniority, following them were the lay members of that body, the office-bearers of the Churches belonging to the denomination, and ministers of other religious bodies. Then came the hearse, attended by the pall-bearers the Revs. D. S. Wvlie, J. Haslam, J. Nicliol- S0E; c. I. Newman, B. G. Edwards, W. T. Carter, and the Bev. T. Hillman, Bible Christian. Next the hearse were three mourniDg coaches, in the first of which were Mrs. and Miss Patchell, Mr. R. N. Gault, and Miss Scott; in tne secoxd coach were Rev. J. Bickford (President of the Conference), Rev. R. S. Casely (ex-President), Mr. McKirdv, Mrs. Gault; and in the third. Rev. T. Raston, and Mr, T. Goode, of Goolwa. The procession.moved towards the cemetery by way of West-terrace, and en route was joined by a large number of private vehicles and cabs, and which, ere the entrance to the burial ground was reagked, formed an imposing though solemn sight. The ground chosen. lor. the deceased gentleman's last resting place was near the centre of the cemetery, and adjacent to it were the graves of the late Revs. William Dawsou, Jabez Bunting Portray,Matthew Wilson, and Chas. Colwell—all Wesleyau ministers. The services at the grave were conducted by iihe President (Rev. J. B-ckford) and the Secretary (Rev. R. M. Hunter), the prayer being offered by the Rev. T. 0. Laurance. Among the clerical members of the Conference who were present at the grave we noticed: —The President (Rev. J. Bickford), the' Revs. 11. S. Casely, T. Raston, C. Lane, T. C. Laurance, T. Lloyd, S. Knight, H. T. Burgess,-C.-.JL...Goldsmith, J. Allen, T. Edmeades.J. B.. Stephenson, A. Stubbs, D. S. W'vlie, R. M..Hunter, C. T. Newman, J. Y. Simpson, J. Haslam, J. Nicholson, B. G. Edwards, D. O'Donnell, J. Read, P. C. Thomas, R. W. .Campbell, W. B. Mather, J. H. Trev.orrow, A. J-Bogle, W. H Rofe, T. M. Rowc, W. .T. Carter, R., Kelly, J. D. Langsford, S. F. Prior, W. A. Langsford, T. E. Thomas, M.A., W. H. Hanton. J. Watts, J. N.-Mills, S. S. Moncrieff,L Perry, J. Blight, G. E. Rowe, W. A. Bainger, J. H. Goss, J. H. fiadlev, and J. P. Chapman. The following gentlemen also attended:—The Rev. T. Hillman, Hon. A. Catt (Commissioner of Crown Lands, Hon. G. W. Cotton, M.L.C., Messrs* T. Rhodes, W. Rhodes, Joel Roberts, T. S. Carey, Parsons, James Hill, J. D. Hill, John Bill, James Scott, J.P., C. Prowett, S. Churchward,- R. Nicholson, R. G. Wilkinson, J. L. Bonython, E. Lipsett, M. H Madge, Dr. Rees. W. B. Chinner, W. G. Coombs, Joseph Llovd, A. Scott, J. D. Bone, Jameson, James Pappin, J. S. Greer (Mayor of Unleyj, J. A. Northmore, E. C. Longson, J. Jarvis (City Missionary). F. Leake (Town Missionary for Pirie-street Church), C. S. Sanders, T. Stephens, W. Pengelly, W. H Barrv, S. Allen, James Robin, D. Nock, J. Langsford, and R. Langmau. Of the deceased's family were present—Mrs. Patchell. accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Gault, Mr. J. McKlrdy, and Mr. Thomas Goode, J.P., of Goolwa; Miss Patchell and Miss RmVnn. { Patchell,. accompanied by Miss Gault and .Miss Scott. "The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. Bengelley. in - , a very «ffective manner.' The cbmn'wasof 'kauri"pine,- csovered with the "best black nlath, adorned with . black furniture, on which • was inscribed "G. W. Patchell, died January 25th, 1883; aged SO yeara." The lid was adorned with wreaths containing passionflowers, -North Australian climberti, and -swazonia, made by-members-of the-Puriestreet congregation. 