OUR CALIFORNIA LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] San Francisco, June 6, 1883. As being of the greatest importance and interest to your readers, residents of a cereal-<*> producing country, the first topic I touch in the present letter is the California grain ??p of 1683. from the bert jalaaiitimi I can?ommand I find. thaMteacreagesjeeiai to wheat is fully 12£ per cent, ffotc than it ? any preoeding year, tbe amber of ames ra derated being, aeoocdiag to tbe closest investigation 3,425,000, The oat look ia that fully twenty bushels to the aare will be tbe average product, thus giving an aggregate of 68,600,000 bosfaels, an excess of 10,500,000 bushels as compared with the crop of 1880-tiM banneryear. The weather dining the past sixty days has been especially favorable. We have had abundant "latter rains,"and, as I write the mercury of the thermometer shows one of the warmest days of the season. The plant of barley, especially feed, ha?tmwn rtrgelyjncreaaed, and it is expected that the outturn will be from 19,000 f 000toS0,000,a?buahels. The extent o! land devoted to Chevalier and brewing barley is mnoh greater than ever before, and an abundant yield is almost positively assured, as well a* increased crops of oats, earn, and rje. Emits of all kinds will also be in abundant supply, and facilities for drying and canning the sane have been enlarged and improved, from Oregon and Washington territory, lying to the north west, the crop reports are almost uniformly good; and in fact to indulge in a-little figare of speech, it would, seem as if Ceres and Pomona have struck hands this year in a proposition to test to the utmost the fer tility of tbe planted soil on the Pacific coast Nevada and Arizona, although hardly recognised as grain- growing States, would, if added, bring the probable cereal crop for the coast up to the grand total of 120/WO.OOO or over 50,080,000 sacks. Allowing doe margin in caleulatto?, tbe following tabulated statement is probably as fair a one as oan be made of the pro spective grain yield of the coast for this season;— CflaHnrai?i wheat, tsaheli — _ ez,OSS,O9D go. badey.do. _ _ _ 19,000.090 Do. oata and maize, da. _ „ 12000,000 Do. man grain, do. .. .. *.bQDfioo OregonandWMhiagwnTOTltory.wlnftt, bushels .. _ _ _ 16.030.000 Ob^ Bad Wadnsgta Territory, oats, "?"**""' barley, <fee, do. „ „ „ _ S.OtMOO Estimate tat Arizona art Kenda, U6l5(IOlWB bushels ?.- — ?... 4,000,000 129.509,000 A sudden desire has manifested itself among the landowners of California to pro mote imi?igratien; the remit, I have no doubt, of tbe prospect of fhe near completion of several new U—soontineatal railroad lines, and the fear that the stream of able-bodied men and women seeking new homes may be diverted from onr golden State. The induce mentsibT'an agricultural population seeking, email farms far emigrate to California have not been, it most be confessed, heretofore very large. But now the heavy landholders, fearing to become land-poor through taxation and non-occupation of their property, have been moved out of their selfish isolation, aad not a whit too coon, either. The railroad corporations, with large Government grants in the market, also deaae their settlement, and between the two influences it looks as if something was really to be effected at last. Unusual pains are being taken to disseminate facts about California lands, and immigra tion bureaus have been established in Chicago, Tinndnn, Bordeaux, Berlin, and Gothenburg, from which information as qiiwimnatrd and advie* sad assistance given. California, propsetag to be the wine country of the fidxne; particular attention is now beta* dmcted to in ducing the people of Bohemia to emigrate hi&erward.; The Bohwnisnw are a rural people, it is said tractable, honest, indos tiimis. snil TifriTlr 1 in lim ill iissiin. aad wine* anariqg, aad *? ti*ir A**—*aifr m a dan of settler* in this State. lowa* Texas, Wisconsin, and other Western-State* haw alrrn Jj n Tnnpi 1 rin riniiiialinii nf thaw ?eafiil people, aad Cattioraia now tardily desires to. fee snaaadr firmed, Mdanwhfio, by aaeans nt-Oe Bo?Aem Facia* i-al?aaeVlA-aeiien tirely completed by Sctrtassbsr next; iaca dreds of valuable i?iiiiiatiisM iWiiiniahi Oiegon andWasbingtan territery tesfce north tf?SrwUswUiiiiiaiiiiiii>ienainyjeJOuiiiad,asid < wtirrri Ihr snssnns m mnsn mUefcle nian urn own. Borland, Qregoa, has aassostdombled itself in wealth sad popnltttoa daring the past four year*, wmle at Seatiee and Few Xaama, on Poget Sound, in Washfagtna Territory, town lots are ooomnadiag as mucha frentCoatas isaskedfor property in tbe best business street* of San Francisco. Of coarse, in the case of tbe towns faMt^nentioned, it may be called a sort of real estate flurry, and is unwise in that by high prices it retards settlement; but it also shows life and move ment and a future. It was time for San Francisco to bestir herself, lest like the pre tentious wedding guest, she might ere rang begin with shame to take a lower place at this banquet of pitfposiu cittern; The imwiat feature In onr political world is the grand antt-msnopoly man —fting held atSanJose.alargeagitodtaral town about sixty miles from San Francisco, on tiie second of this month. It is generally conceded tint the movement is tse inception of ia new party that wDI makeafignre infntnre polftical con tests as opposed to railroad monopolies, to in corporation*, to the gift of the public domain to individnals or companies' who may apply far it trader pretext of forwarding measures for the benefit of the commonwealth* The temper of the meeting may be judged by the words of Judge liswrence A?rhw, who called the assemblage to order. He said the meeting had been called at the request of a large number of citizens in Santa Clara ' county. The relations of officers to their' constituency, and of corporations to the Government and the people, were questions of vital importance. "If," said he, "the people do once arise in their might there can be little doubt of the result. It would be well for monopolists to remember that Loots ' of France and Charles of England lost their heads in a contest between absolutism and popular rights, and in 1776 the people of this country <*"flying for popular rights threwoff the yoke of England." All the speakers dis coursed in the same vein. The effects of i?* and TMii.AmAwi-fn hostility to England and |English institutions crops out in queer places sometimes. One would scarcely think this prejudice would effect a company of players; but it has, for all that. The manager of the Charles Wynd ham company of ??"?!'???, now i Jayi *'g in this city, took particular care to advertise that its members were i>n^on?M and English in every parfcwmimy, bom in the tight little islajuMand trained in the Criterion Theatre- Spiers and Ponds—liondon, places as you may remember; that they spoke in the soft accent ?f Cockaigne, such as is heard within the sound of Bow Bells; and they were only English, and that continually. The { manager calculated on this fact to wmi? the company a "go." But he had forgotten the recent political lacerations of the Irish-American mind. So sensitive had ' this huge element of our population become in regard to everything British that in New- York the Brooklyn bridge was threatened with dynamite because its formal opening happened to fall on May 24—the Queen's birthday—and a formal demand was made on the directors that some carved lions be re moved from the ornamental architecture and eagles substituted. With us a demand, similar in its nature, was made that the municipal authorities remove gargoyles from the new City Hall, because, in their exaggera tion, the heads bore some resemblance to that Of Britannia's royal beast Now, with sensible Beople^dswouldl)esometibingtolaaghat,and ! pooh-poob; bat tite manager of a costly theatrmsl company cannot afford to ignore any condition of public feeling that affects bis interest, and it is because be has done so in this instance that the Charles Wyndham Comedy Company, dear bought and tar. fetched though it be, is proving a failure in San Francisco. They are very clever actors, particularly the female portion of the|cut, and djd lairiy in the East, where, these is a buier general population, and where among the fashionable porttoa*sert of tafld angle mania prevaite, but here in San Franefaw, wMiAi, after aH is eaU, is~pr?tty nmch of a little Ped&Bgteot; wbere the Irish influence Isso gresrkihe financial prospect,as I said 'before, is quite blnrred to the managerial eyes. Another eccentricity of human nature is to be seen in a kind of Joanna Sonthteotism thathasreoent^r "prung into existenoeamong tbe native, population 'way down in the almost inaccessible canons of Southern Call* foram, A prophetess has come into notice. Ske pseaohesthe coming of a millfmhnii, and pnofesses to cure by the lajing on of hands. It is said the woman—a wrinkled, mummified old hag she is, too—is the widow of Joaquin ?Murieta, a famous bandit in the early gold days of California, who, with his gang murdered and robbed in every direc tion, till the aroused miners and rancberos aimed against them under the leadership of Captain Harry Love, and the result was that Jeaquin's head, preserved in a jar of mescal, was Boon on exhibition throughout California at 25 cents, a sight The seeress may or may not be the widowof this famousfreebooter.but, certainly, in her peaceful way, she is creating quite as much of a sensation as he did in his bloody career. The Indo-Californiana, pure Spanish, Mexicans, Portuguese, and the people of the Latin race generally, are the most affected by th? woman's prevebing, and believe firmly in her mission. So much in earnest are they that many have disposed of litle farms in the valley, and taken up with a nomadic, hap hazard life so as to be near the prophetess. It is reported that she is curias apparently incurable cases of disease—opening bliuded, and straightening stn?bL<:nic eyes, and put ting hip-shotten vaqucros nrmly on le^s of equal length. A tew muttered nor Is, a toudh of her withered hand, and the apparent miracle is accomplished. Another pccoliar ceremony is her supposed conversation with tbe spirits of the "Padres Criatiinoi," and the missionary Jesuits who christianized Mexico and California. This exercise of faith on the part of her devotees talcs* plaoe every evening.jasttowarJathcKloamiuj,'. They stand about the woman in 3 £roup, asd after being wrapped for some time in meditation she -waves her hand and the disoiples past from right to left Through the pathway thus formed the prophetess walks slowly and majestically, engaged apparently in conversa tion with a presence only seen by heraelf, until ehte reaches the outer part of the circle, when she takes a dumb farewell of the supposed spiritual visitant or visitants, and her wor shippers prostrate themselves ia an <cstasy. The physical wants of this prophetess arc few, and she has a sort of bodyguard of haggard and pale-eyed priests, who bring her food to the prophetic celL Athleticism is in the ascendant with us. Thews and sinews arc no w all the rage; the fine arts and the custiteticside of life plead in vain for attention. Business men forget commerce and trade for the nonce to discuss the merits of the last "wrastle," and fair aad delicate ladies meeting at tfrn fadifrtn*^" modiste's, Mdlle. Printemps, forget the newest lore of a bannett while dilating on the splendid form of William Mnldoon, and the neatly turned underpinning and broad shoulders of tbe brawny Scot, Donald Dinnie. Mnldoon, who is an Irish-American, born in Oncida county, New York, is the favorite, because success, so far, has crowned fci* efforts. Be sides, he is young, good-looking, a marvel Of physical beauty, and only twenty-four; wh3? Dinnie hu a certain Caledonian mggedness that is not very winsome, and Is fifty-two. Of course, it is quite easy to see in which direc tion the smiles of beaaty would be levelled ender the circumstances. Notwithstanding the disparity in yeirt, Dinnie throws Mid doOD, in the Scotch mode of wrestling, every round; but when it ccmeatothe Grace-Roman style, " catch as catch can," Che New- Yorker flings the Scotchman around like old boots. One very ugly hold is "the garote," which ?*ms likely at times to break the neck of ij^i^ contestant who is unlucky enough to f^n into It, as Dinnie did two or three times, and tfi^ immiyy in which he moved his head mw<^ subbed his larynx at the close of the round, evidenced some uncertainty as to whether his eabesa was rightly on his shoulders after the coach usage it had received. A Herman wresQar nt***** 1 *"£" r*imi\anp*{ midoan? fte victorioas, the other night—aabert,.atoutt chunky fellow he was—andhe felicitated aim* aelfbewouhl?scapethagarrotebold,beeaase, as he said, "I have no neck to choke. 1' But. *iff 1 tnr flu* Gorman athlete hi? conquest was even an easier task than Dinnie's, It is to be noted that these wrestling matches an popular with the fair dames of San Franckoo, but it is not to be wondered at The more dfliftatft and effeminate til^ fftfnalft +hft more admiration has she for misculine courage and physical force, This is as true now as it was when the Roman matrons crowded the coHiseum in the rlawir days. *' In joining contrasts," said dinted, arguing the point with the rustic Julia, "lieth love's delights. Bo hands of snow in palms of russet lie." Certainly you can give the publ;c, and es pecially the female portion, no more interest ing reading than a detailed description of these athletic contests. I bare met fat my experience instances where the possession of superabundance of wealth has had a deplorable effect on the mind of the individual who could at wQI draw Us cheque for millions. General Cats, Of Michigan, was one of these. He died a tres-millionaire, but up to the time the breath left his body he was haunted by a terror that be would die in the almshouse. Another striking case was a very rich lamber merchant in this city, whose death was hastened by tins fear, which possessed him so fully that be could not sleep five nights, but walked the floor bewailing, in the actual possession of millions, the presenoe of the ghost of possible pauperism. And now, it is said, one of our Bonanza kings is haunted in the same way. lie has given np all business that has the least ap-, pearance of speculative venture, and confines himself to the catting of coupons off Govern ment bonds. With all this, however, be is a sort of Don Juan in bis way, and his erratic amative course led to a divorce the other day from the wife of his earlier manhoodj and the days when he wielded a miner's pick and shovel for a living. She had been a faith ful and helpful wife to him .till his head was turned by the' accident of excessive wealth, and she would not submit to the divided affection that the changed condition of things brought about So a divorce was quietly arranged. Proof* of her lord's marital infi delity were submitted to the court, and he did not care to contest the case. He gave up half the property acquired during coverture, the tidy sum of 5,000,000 dollars, and so they parted. He took one of his boys and went off to Europe, while she went to her own place, to a magnificent, city mansion, perhaps to mourn a deed lore and the severance of early ties ; perhaps to rejoice in a release from a tiresome union so quickly and easily accom plished. Who can tell? Women are uncer tain creatures, and there is not much senti mentality where there is 5,000,000 dollars in possession. Archbishop Vaughan, the English Catholic dignitary who arrived from his arch-diooese of New South Wales by the hut steamer, has been an " object of interest" on our streets, and has met mwked attention from all de nominations of Christians. The übiquitous newspaper interviewer disturbed tbe prelate's peace of """^ almost as soon as he had landed by a categorical enquiry as to what his opinions were on the subject of the Pope's Encyclical, the Pamell fund, the condition of Ireland, the dynamite conspirators, and the Pheenix Park murderers. As soon as the archbishop recovered his equa nimity, he crushed the knowledge-seeking scribe by the pressure of a mild benignity, ignored all his questions, and talked only about education, and the flourishing schools he had left in his archdiocese. If it be not sending coals to Newcastle, perhaps the arch bishop's own figures on tbii subject may be interesting to your readers. He told the inqaiajlive reporter tibafc tiie Oatholic popula tioto of bis archdiocese was about 93.600. Catholic children actually attending schools In the archdiocese, 15,200, of whom 12,500 are in atrictiy Catholic schools, of which there are l(tt jThp proportion of this result owing to Archbishop labor is suggested by tfce following figures:—ln 1873, ia the Sydney archdiocese, there were 34 Catholic schools; in 1883 there are 102. InlS73the Catholic population was about 45L007, so that it will be seen that while the population has no more than doubled, the number of schools has about trebled. The n—hhiihop presented a splendid figure of stalwart manhood as he promenaded our streets, and I have no doubt many a rich, hannsenift husband hunting belle secretly execrated the eccle siastical polity that condemned such a man to a life of celibacy. Among those who were prominent in attention to the distinguished visitor were Messrs. Murphy, Oliver, and Grant, leading Catholic merchants, and who fcr services to the church have been honored with knighthood by the Pope. There docs not Mem much cohesion in such a condition, X may remark, to be at the same time a republican citizen and a marquis of tbe Vatican. There has been a strenuous attempt made to get np a gold excitement in Lower California during tbe last month, and come have been foolish enough to join in the " rush." The place named where the precious deposit was said to exist is on the gulf, fourteen miles inland from the Angel Gardia Bay, opposite Baron Island. Many who went there returned disappointed, and it is now ascertained that the excitement was fomented by parties who had large tracts of land in the vicinity, and whose calculation it was to get people there who might become the nu:lcu* of population. The first invoice of gold re ceived at Guagmas amounted to six pounds, and it afterwards turned out that this was bought from some Indiana in the interior, who refused to say where they had found it. Not only from New York, but in Chicago and other large cities of the west where the Chinese have penetrated, there is acryb* press and pulpit that the white youth of both scKcs arc being ruined in the opium habit introduced by these " little brown men." In New York, a Catholic priest, Father Barry, assisted by tbe Catholic Young Men* Asso ciation, have directed their efforts to break itK up the opium dens on Mott-strect and the where, and the discoveries made in this crusade are absolutely appalling. To our caettrn friends, now called on for the tint time to face the peculiarities, moral and other, of this oriental immigration, the effect must be anything but jtleasant; but, as one heartless journalist remarks, they will, &s; in tl? case of eel- skinning, get used to itby-and hjo. There are, no doubt, a good many statements made in regard to tbe enormity of the evil—sneb as the drug being used as a means to prostitute female children—that cannot be proven; but in its best shape, the opium practice is bad enough, and oan only resuit ia U c total wreck of an individual practising it—moral, mental, and physical I have had enough proof of this in Sao Fran cisco, where its use is comparatively unrc ttrictcd, and where at present it is being imported to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollar?, to evade the tax imposed by the the new tariff, and which comes into opera tion next month. Our Canadian neighbor on the north-west, Dritiah Columbia, ia getting scared at its defenceless condition, lying as it does out in the cold, and far away from the other mem bers of the new Dominion faauly. What with Indian troubles, Chinese riots, and a threatened Fenian invasion, the colonists are Tery uneasy, and are disposed to cry to the Ottawa Government as the Macedonians did of old to Paul, "Come over and help us!** The province is, without doubt, defencdcsa. The withdrawal for a time of the British fleet from tile station has led to a long oorrespondenee be tween tbe Dominion and the Imperial Govern ments as to the chances of* warship hefawt retained on the Pacific coast, and representa" tioni have also been made to the Imperial Government that the railway connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean is being rapidly cohsufudUd, and that when eempletad it will be the means of establishing a Urge trans continental trade through British territory between England acd China, Japan, and the North Pacific generally, and for that reason every possible protection a?Otdd beaflorded. In this ?onneetion the London Timts may be quoted. That paper, imsnualiiii. on the reluctance shown by tfca Brituh Govern ment to aeeede to the request of British Columbia say*, in effect, H is cold ooariort for the colonials, and the oaly aaren of security for British Colombia is in the em brace of the American republic. The Pacific province is a neglected stepdaughter, and in the course of time aha will oome to us, while her possessions will serve to expand the acreage of " Uncle Sam's farm." I hare spoken several times of the bad fecliag among Eastern merchants, to whiefa the existence of the reciprocity treaty oe tween the Hawaiian Islands and the United States, has given rise—tbe complaint being that by *ts operation angar-men on tbe Pacific coast have been enriched at the expense of the producers in the south-western Atlantic states. Tbe treaty will expire this year by limitation—seven years—and a desperate fight is bring made to prevent its renewal. A special commission appointed by the Secre tary of the Treasury is now in this city to take testimony on the working of the treaty, and to find if tie charges be true that under it Manila and Chinese sugar actually cams in free of duty. In my opinion the treaty will be continued. The many interests which have grown up in seven years; both here and in tbe islands wtrioh may now be said to be Interdependent on this country* will preveat its abrogation. There was some anxiety concerning the salmon catch of the Columbia and Vcsser riven this season. The run was varyamall at the commencement in April, and boats and nets were idle, while the -fishermen wandered off to other fields of labor. The fish, ran more freely, however, during the latter part of March, and June commence* with a de mand for fishermen. It is probable the take will be neatly as large as in former —mr. At any rate the difference will not be great enough to materially disturb the price of the canned article in foreign markets. The Michigan Merino SheepbreederV Asso ciation are crowing over what is said to be the largest fleece ever recorded ia the United States. It was taken from a two- year<old ram, Diamond, at a public shearing a few days ago, was grown in 303 days,and weighed II pounds and 3 ounces. This is a good deal of wool for one small carcase to pack around; but I presume you can make an equally good showing in some of the favored sheep-raising districts. 