A SECRET MARRIAGE BY E. KIRK CHAPTER I. A CLANDESTINE MARRIAGE. 'A penny for your thoughts, Fred.' Fred. Hardinge had been sitting full five minutes beside Kate Seymour without speak- ing, ?but ovidcntly deep in thought, . ' , ' 1 I bo'u your pardon, Koto ! Tho truth, is I am..in groat perplexity, and was just thinking whether I hud not buttor take you into my con fldonoo' ' ' ?' '' 'About Ethel Fairbrother ' ' Ha I You hard ponetratod our .Becret. -;I thought wo had been ruoro guarded. Does your fathor know?1 'My father, Fred ? Hadhe guossod you had fallen in love with Ethel ho would, have Bent youoff on the instant, and . .written, full par ticulars of tlio oatastropho.'to /your' father. But fe.-ll me in what lies your diOioulty ?' .'7 on moan to Help W, my good Kate?' ' Let mo hear; what your wishes arei and then I will see. Will your father sanction an en gagement with Ethel ?' : ?!??'. ' Hot if I implored him till Doomsday.' ' And if you married contrary to his wishes ?! 'He would most assuredly Disinherit me. Ho'haathe powor, and would have the will if' I opposed him. He has already selected a' wifo for me, and his anger will be groat' when;lio finds I have chosen oho for myaelf. But marry my peerless Ethel I am resolved to do.' . ? ? '????? ' But if you are sure to be disinherited, how do you mean to lire? Lovo in a cottage costs money.'1 : ' I ought lo hare told you Kate, that I in herit a small property, wliioli descends to ma from my mothers on my-eoming of a°e. It would bo sufficient for our wants, though not affluence. Ethel is quite willing to marry me, 'Door thoucrh wo should1 be. I have onlv told her of this ineorae secured to me, and she inow3 nothing of iny boing heir of Balend Court. I know my fathor too well to hope thatho wiU-ereryieldtomy wishes. Therefore I look -upon my disinheritance a* positively certain.' ; ' Then where lies your perplexity ?' ' I do not come of ago for another year,7 and till then I am utterly dependent upou my father. If ho were fo stop my allowance I should bo pennilees. Hovr then could I keep a wife.' ? ' Why not wait till you aro nl ago ?' 'And let my Ethel return home without securing her ? Whut assurance, have I that I shall over be allowed to aeo her a?nin, unless I can claim her as my wife ? Ethel is fully con vinced that our parting now would be final.' ' '' ' I quite agroo with hor. Her -father is a proud, stern man, who -would soo her die of a broken heart rnthor than permit her to marry into a family where she waa not welcomed. His - poverty only increases his pride ; and though ia is of good birth, every, whit as good as your own, he refuses all society, and allows his daughter hardly any iiBBOoiatea. It was with the greatest difficulty my father persuaded him to permit her to visit us. Ho succeeded, how ever, in arousing 6omo fatherly anxiety in him, by pointing out that Ethel looked far from strong and greatly needed a change ' 'It was a fortunate chance Tvhieh brought my darling here, during the Oxford recess, and ?which determined me to ? come and read 'with imy old tutor, instead of going to X-alend Court. I shall ever, feel grateful to your father, Kate, for his good offices. But to re turn, to what perplexes me. . How can I mako Ethel my wife, and yet live till I come of ?age?' ' ' -'.'. ...' ,' ,'. ',, ','.'. ?, '., . ? ','.;?. 'It must be a clandestine marriage, Fred., Marry Sthel and return to Oxford, leaving your wife here. , I will delay, her return home by every possible dovice, and porhaps miy s :o ceed in. preventing her ending her visit till you are in a position to own her as your wife. Can you think of a better plan ?' ;'?''.-. ' Part from her for a whole year, Kate !' ' Bettor that than for over. Go and consult Ethel. She and my.father have just returned from visiting the'achools, and you can t^ll me your, decision later on. One word moro before you speak to Ethel on the subject, Fred: Dp not mention about your father . being the wealthy owner of Dalend Court,, nor the penalty you ?are likely to pay for marrying against tho paternal wishes. Ethel is all sweetness and gentleness, I grant j but-sho ha3 a spice of her ?father's pride. As likely as not she would refuse to marry you under the circumstances' ' Then how account for . tlie ? secrecy of tho whole affair ?! ... ; ? . ', .? ., ... ,.i ' Let hor imagine it. is owing to her father's peculiarities. She. knows him woll enough to bo sure he would bo capable of parting you, even were you at tho very altar Tell her ?nothing more than you can help, Fred.' Fred Haidinge promia?d, and then loft Kate to seek out Ethel and try and perduade her to submit to this clandestine marriago. .Ethel Fairbrotihor was very young and very much in love with this handaomo Oxford gra duate. Him was also almost ignorant of the world. The life of seclusion to which her father had doomed her, beotuse of- Iub pride and his poverty, provontod her from foreseeing the evils which might arise from this act of ?deception. So, when Fred plodded hi* love and his dread lest her fathur should rofuBO his ?sanction to their ' marriage, Ethel began to waver. Though at first she refused to hear of a clandestine, wodding, sho finally yielded, but with' many tears and.a secret terror, as to, what her fathor would bolikely to do when he was told whit had happened. Kate Seymour was in an ecstasy of on joy- mont. Sho managod the whole affair with such seoreby that not'ahiht of what was going' on reached the ears of her noblo-minded father!' Sho cared nothing that ho would ultimately bo aeoused by the enraged Squire of Dalond Oourt of having betrayed tho trust reposed in him nor did -she trouble to remind Ethel Fair brother that slip was ill requiting her father's, ?confidence in hor and her host's hospitality. ; . xu givoyj\uLu soyuiour uor uue, iiubuiut; naa :been farthor from hor thoughts than this love affair, between hor friond, Ethel Fairbrother, and her father's former pupil, Fred Hardingo. It was after Ethel had come to them that the Bquire of Dalend Court had consented to Fred's wish to pass tho rocoss with his old tutor, the ?rector of Homertou,' to read with him before going up for a coming examination. .''?' - ? It ; was sufficient for hor that tho whole scheme had a sensational aspect, such as Ut silly, romantic naturo delighted in. ? *'? :,?:- She know enough of the proud austore squiro to know that ho would ba terrible in his rage when ho discovered his only son had rendorcd impossible his alliance with tho wealthy bride he had' chosen for him — not eo much for hor wealth as for the political interest her. family ? could bring to bear on Fred's advancement in »the world of politics. . During a brief absence of her father's, Kate, who had. previously been there to mako arrangements, convoyed the two lovers to a distant country village, and there the marriage was.duly solemnised. ??-.-. Eth-1 had one doar friend whom.her. fathor had permitted to visit her — tho only daughter of tho curato of their parish— but who was now married, and living in a distant country town. But when bIio hinted to Kato how much she should like to confldo her ecorot to Mtrion, eho was .over whelmed with suoh a torrent of reasons why sho should not do so that Ethel pro mised novor again to givo suoh a thought utterance. ? _ The parting betwoon tho newly-married pair was vory distressing, and but little guessed they how long it would be beforo they should meet again. ') .?..' ??'. ._? ? .' .?£?'.-:)/. ;:) '.'i;i CHAPTER II. ? ? ?DaiBIJD OoTOT AND ITS OWHEB. ° ?;' Dalend Court was' considered suoh an im posing residenco by the opoupants of the rural town of Dalond that it deeorves a brief notice. ? -..?.': J. To approach the Court, you turnod out from the highroad at a lodge; then through a vaat park, various in oharactor ; boing ornate near th.) uiansiou and ohoicoly timbered ; whilst in yarts, farthor removod, thore wore romantio glens and spreading dells, everywhere studded with tall elms and frao standing oukn. The house itself bolongod to tho Tudor period. Thero was half fho moat loft on ono ?aido of tho building, tho rest boing filled in. ?Tho hall of tho mansion was liung with csQUt cheons and bannors of thoao who had fought at Cresdy, Agincourt, and against the Boundhoada at Maratou Moor. ? ? .? ;. T litre wore also state rooms, whore kings and' queens had slept when making a royal progress thruugh the country. ' ?-? ??? ?? : Thoro wob also a haunted room, with a family ghost, as became so ancient a matieion. Thi* particular ghost was called tho ' Gray tady,' and was Eaid to paoo tho room, uttoring fearful moans, on tho anniversary of hor murdor by hor oruol lord. A talo was told of ono of the owners of Dalend Court — Hugti Hardiugo— who, being forcod by bis father to marry his counin whilst his love was given to another, bo bated his wife as to cruolly uso her oven during his father's lifetime When he came into tin estate he rcjolved to romove tho obstaelo in his way_of niurrying his first and only love. Fear ful moans wore heard ono night procoodingfrom her, room, and. tho next morning. the wife was found' dead — billed by her huBband it was whiwperod. .1 , ' Their portraits still hung among tho family pictures. Hera was of a lovely girl, clad in grey satin, but of a most mournful counte nance. ? ?-??_??????? , ' . ' (. The portrait of Hugh Hardingo was that of a man fierce urd cruel in aspect, seemingly cap able of d: ing the deed imputed to him. '. Still Dalen- lOnirlwa? a most dunning resi dence. Its present proprietor, a grim, stern old man, with shurp-cut features, and cold, grey eyes, was by no means popular. Hi3 servants- wore in tho habit of keeping as much out of his sight as possible ; and. his ten ants feneil lii'ii, especially those whoso rent was not ready at the appointed time. And as a ma gistrate, woe to tho poacher who was brought before him. Tho squire, as he was always called, inflicted the longest imprisonment ho possibly could. But if- tho squire was : feared, his son— ^his only child— was the idol of Dalend. : Fred Hardinge was a perfect contrast to his father in every way, and as popular as his father was otherwise - ...... people even doubted whotJior the slorn old squire possessed any lovo for his son. That ho was proud of him and ambitious for him they Iidow well. It waB no secret that Fr»d Har dinge was to make Ids mark in tho world.. Diroetlyhc left Oxford ho wa3 to begin- by marrying tho daughter of ono of tho political leaders.of tho squiro's party. -The people of flulood were looking forward to gay dcings at the Court when Fred Hardinge shoidd bring borne his bride. ...-???? !' It will bo as it was during tha fow happy yoar3 of tho squire's marriod Hf-V they would say... ' There wore gay doings before the young wife was killed in the' hunting-field. The squiro was riot then the grim, stern man he now is.' jWhat, then, wos tho public consternation when' it becamo known that tho squire hnd quarrelled with his son and had disinherited hinvno one could tell why.' - .- '?? '( ' ' CfrAPTKK III. I A Tenant ioe the Hebmitaob. Some years1 havo pasasd since the. events re coi'de i in our first chapter.^ 'Have you hoard the H6rinitage is lot?' asted olio. ! -. '; : ? 'Do you know who has taken it?' cried anoLuer. . f 'oineono tho vicar, or -rather his wifo, knows,' replied ono who had acquired more information than the others. 'It is let to a widow ladv, who wishes to livo » secluded life,' and who has one child. Tho lady is an old fribnd of ilra Sparling's, and wishes her child to be educated withthc vicar's ohildron.' And this was al the information that could bei gathered thon.'or later on, about this now tenaut for tho Hermitage. Thero wero two roasons why Dalend wa; in a ferment of oxcite ment nbout this event. : Vicat, it was a rare thing for Dalend to re ceive a stranger amongsi. them. It was before the time of railway travelling and tho electric telegraph, and pcoplo and news travelled slowly. The inhabitants of this rural town wore satis flod to intermarry with each other. The vicar had drawn upon him some odium when ho riiade an innovation of this Yule, and married a wife from a distant country, town But ho and hia gontle wife had long since been forgiven,' and wero now deservedly popular. ??' Secondly,- the Hermitage had gained n certain notoriety from its last possessor, who had been eccentric and exclusive, and had jealously soeluded his dwelling from the gaze of ovoryono by. surrounding his pretty, picturesque cottage with a high and hideously ugly wall. Hia cot tage, however, wa3.mado as pretty and tasteful as possible, and was surrounded by a good gar den, well laid out and carefully kept. ? Whou ihe old man died, Squiro Hnrdinge had bought tho smalLcstato, as it joined his own proporty. It had remained; .vacant so long, however, that the squire had just given orders to his a^ont to hivo tho wall pulled down, when the vicar applied for it on behalf of the new tonant, ' You will let tho wall remain,' ho had said, when negotiating with the agen\ ' . 'Not take down the wall, sir P- Surely it would be far moro cheorf ul looking to have it done away with !' ,.?-??.? : - ' No, Griffitho ,? our friend is a widow lady, in delicate health, and will not bo able to mix in tociofcy. She wishes for perfect seclusion.' This was another crumb of gossip for the Dalond people, und they made much of. the new tenant's strange whim, as information about her proved so scarce. O Tho Hermitage was put in ordor, and day by day many eagerly watched the. coining of tho Btage coach— the only moans by whioh Dalend could be reached. Those who wore fortunate enough to bo on tho look out on a curtain day, saw us the coach idrow up at tho door of the inn— its usual stop ping, place — ^a widow lady, in deepest mourning, alight from it ; then a beautiful little girl, nlso in :black, followed; , and, lastly, a respeotablo, middle-aged ' woman,1 evidently a confidential ' servant. ' The vioar's wifo, who had been awaithig tho arrival of 'tho staga coach, now came from the inn, and hurried to receive the travellers. 'Welcome to Dalend, Ethel! So this is your little daughter ?' . And. taking tho child in her kind, motherly arras, sho returned to the inn. ? As they entered, Bho turned to the attendant, , who was evidently no strangor to hor, saying : , 'How are you, Burgess? I am glad to soe .you, and to know that you still remain with 'your young mistreaa ' : . , : u V.'.Oh, Burgeaa is , invaluable !' replied the' Widow, speaking for the Srat time An embrace 'and a convulsive olnspof the hand had boon all she had boon cnpablo of boforp. ' ' I' could not do Iwithout her.' ''''' '. . ? And she gave an affectionato look at tho old. servant,. ?.;?-. ., ,,. .. ?;. .... ?) ,.,,;. ?» 'What would you ratlier io, Etholr-go, at, 01190 .to.your now homo,or come and, make your, acquaintance with the Viearago ?., .My. pony carriage is horo to take'you whore you shall denide.' ' let it be, then, doar friend, to the place X' am to '.call -home ! :: I am too woary and sad even for tho society of your good husband. I shall. seo you ofton, I hopo ? We aro not to be far apart?' . ' .'lour house and tho Vicarage are on!y ecpii raiod from each other by' a pacldobk, which is private. , You can eolne and go to us m you oh'ooso, without oven being aeen. Thehouseis; ossooludod as you desired it to bo.' ^ ' How good of you, Marion, to take so much fi-Allllln -fni. tnA 1 Wnar alinli T f.litinlr vnn p1 1 Nuy , Ethel, never mention auoh a subject. BomombBr that I; owe to your father a dbbtbf gmtiludo that T can n'over hope to repay. 'Al though lie could ill afford it, how nobly 'lib' came forward and saved my futhor from a' debtor's prison.' .. j' Storn and harsh though he was to many, he honoured and lovori your fathor, Marion. He 'ii)ow that ho had boon brought into diflloullics 'through tho'knavery of others. But here is my home, I aupposo?' (as the carriage oamo to a halt before a door in ahigh wall). ' Jtis charm ?ing,1 Marion !' cried Mrs. Allison, aa shb ontored 'tho Hormitago, and looked around, noting the arrangomonts whioh her friond had made for hor comfort. '' ? Dalond was greatly disappointed, for vory little was ever soon- of tho new tonant of tho Hormjtiigo. Sho novor wont beyond tho boun dary of hor homo, except on Sundays, when aho an'l Effio, her child, attended church, and eat in tho vicar's pow, and sho became known in Dilund as ' tho Fair Hocluao.' But if Mrs, Allison mis littlo eoen, Effie goon .became a familiar personage, and was the pot and plaything of overyono. Sho spont a groat part of hor time in tho company of tho vicar's ohildron, and shared with them their studies and amusements. ' Some yoars passed peacefully enough ; and Kffio had changed from a morry, thoughtloss ohild, into a taU, graceful, beautiful girl, and had her mother's stately carriage. ' Her comploxion was clear and healthy, great expression in her ltLrtro.- iluvk- iirnv n™a -roitu silky, fluffy, bright brown hair, which was al ways -clevorly -but carolosKly arranged. Hor laslies were black, long, and heavy, and hor eyebrows charly defined. A fUxible, ruby lipped mouth, which slightly disclosed the pearliest, tiniest teeth that could bo imagined. In truth, Effio Alli'on was a very lovoly girl, and so thought tho vioar's eldest son Kobert, who hoped ono day to win her for Ma bride. ... ., , qnAPTER IV. ,. . -. ? The Liok BEABDEb iw His' Dek. . 'Marion, the aquiro has had another fit. l?oor man ! how wretohod'-Jho must bo with no one but servants about him ! Fred should bo told of hia father's state: Do you know; wit'e, Ithink'wo'arp-a sad lot of . cowards hero inDa lend. Wo are all afraid to beard tho lion in hia den- I have a great mind to do it, and plainly tell the old man it is time' ho sot aside his unrighteous anger against his only son, and re called him home. Whyj Marion, I declare you aro paid at the very thought of it ! ' laughingly cried the vicar.- ? You are as bad as Griffiths. Just now, when I asked. him why he did not suggest ti the', squire to send for his son, he locked as if I had asked him to walk up to the muzzle of a, loaded cannon.' ; ' One cannot help boing frightened of him, Bobort. Only think bow tomblc he is when angry ! Ho is a harsh, unjuat man. , And how wicked of him to show such resentment to you, only because you were his son's friend ' ? 'And tho vicar's good little wife looked for the moment almost capablo of doing battle with the torrible squire. :.;; . :!i .', ??.'.'?':-.. .'?'. i ' Poor Fred ! I wonder what ho did to rouso hia father's anger ao fearfully. I wish he had come to me and confided his trouble Strange he has nover written. Sometime3,'I think the Bq'uiro would be glad ; to, recall. hi? oxilod son, only his pride will not let him. Anyhow, it is for me, us his paBtor, to - point out to him Ms duty, and.I will do it.1 ....,, ..?„,...-?- ..??-? Tho vicar was received by tho 'irjuuv, much to his iistoniahment. He even began to think hia self-imposed task would be' an easy one, for tho old man conversed in quite a friendly way with him on various topics. . ,: , - . 'Aa gently aa he could the vicar lod- tho con yor.-ation round , to the equiro's repeated attacha ofilatbj and then said, with all, tho courage he could muster '??' ' . ?; \- - Would you not feel happier lo' haveyour son near you ? Why not recall him, andifor giyo any wrong ho may have done you? ' . It was duo tu the squire's rage, which liter ally took'away ' his breath that the vicar was allowed to proceed thus far, but soon the vial of |the squire's wrath.;;waa poured'out upon the head of his daring visitor. ( So scathing were the invectives ho uttered, that tho vicar felt.he.waa utterly routod,, and re turned home eorrowfully, convinced that he had done more harm than trcioH. 1 ' But tho vicar was mistaken. The old man's conscience was stirred, and would givo him no peace. Another event shortly occurred, which atill further roused tho squire from hia sullen wrath. Instead of tho vicar's visit retarding his re covery, tho old man seemed to havo regained strength from that day. He began to break through old babit3, and to tako solitary rambles in jthat part of his park farthest removod from his hou3=. One day he had gone to the extreme limit, when a merry, solitary vpici broko on his ear saying.: _... - . . .- .. . ?-? . . . ? Please give mo your hand, and help mo out of this 'brook. Someone must have removed my stepping-stonea j and liero I should have remained ? stranded, had. you not fortunately appoarpd^' . ' . ' , . ' ,' ;ho squiro startod, and locked down a stoep bank, to seo a. dainty little figuro, with ona foot poisfd on a stone in tho middle of the stream' which divided .his own domain from tlui Hor mitagc, and holding out her hand, . noyor d'Hibting the' now-comor would; givo her his help . . , ' ...'.' ',. . . . ' . .... . ? Tho frank', fearless look of'.the young gii'l, as sho waited .for hia hand, quite subdued tho starn old squire. Ho oven forgot to remind her that sho was trespassing as aho sprung to his side when ho hud given her tho aid sho re quired. ' You aro the squire, T suppose ?' she addod, looking fearlessly into hid old, storn visage. ' Are you bettor ? I was so sorry to hear you wore ill !' The squiro felt a strango yearning towards this fair, fearless girl. , BIio.wub almost tho only boing who had ever spoken to hiin without shooing some dread of him. , ?He hardly recognised hia own voico, when quiotly he answored :...'. \ Who are you, my'child, who has so kindly thought of a solitary oldman ?' '.I am Effio Allison. Mamma livos ut tlie Hormitago, and is such an invalid that eho hardly ever leaves tho house.' ; ' i 'Then you, too, must load a solitary life, my dear. Perhaps that is why you sympathise with mo so kindly? How camo you to know Ihadbeoh ill?'-, ? ... ., .-,'.?. -?'..?.,-.... . . ',1 heard you were ill from the vicar. Ho came to seo you, did ho. nob?, I know ho felt very anxious about you.' ' ' '. . a flush mountodto the brow of tho old man as Effie put the question to him. Was it cauBod by shame ? 1 But without waiting for an answer, sho glee fully wont.on s ...... ', 3fou must not think I load a solitary lifo. I am tho luckiest girl in the world, I think, for I havo two homos, and two dearest mothors, bo aidoa all tho Vicarage family for brothers and siatora. ' Tho vicar, too, seems so like my own futhor that I almost forgot ho is not.' ! Then you havo nu futhisr, child ?' ..-.?,-, 'No; mamma is a widow.' I think sho must' havo loved my father vory dearly, for she can novor mention him, and yot she liourns for him eo much that hor hbalth is quite , injured.' :' ' May I aak if you had any object in crossing the brook.to-day, and visiting this part of . my pork?' '?' '''' ? ''' ',!.-[,.;??':' , .' .'. .:.''' . '?' 'You don't moan to prosecute mo for tres paBaiug?' she -laughingly hiquired. 'I come very often, and have sketched .most of the clumps of trees, besides being friends with your tame door. See,' thoy are gathered together oven now, waiting to be fed, by. my hand. : You are not going to forbid my coming, are you ?' ? « ! No, child j I would induop.y 011 to come as 7often aa possible. Would yoiir mother object, do you' think, to your coming to see mo at the houso? I have many curious thjngs I should likbto Bho w you!' ~, .' I will aak her,' replied Fffie. 'I hopo bIio will lot hio como. If she says ' Yes,' may I yiait you, to-morrow.'.: : ., .- : The s^iiira gladly consontod, and then in sisted on .Effie .taking a mom Becu.ro exit, from ! is grounds than in leaping' tlio brook. He oponod a gate near, the Herinitago which had been olosod for many d'yoar. '' 'It shall rnmain.unfttBtoncd, my child,' ho said, when bidding' her gpod-byo; 'and thon if you are permitted, you.oun ouinoto ? mo that iway.' ..-,,-.', ? .?',-'.' '- ,,- ,-r ,' Effio, you must bo a littlo wilohl'oriod Mrs. Sparling, when, tho young' girl jocouutod hsr adventure with' the 'grim old squire Jto hor nibthor and tho vicar's wifo. -* '?' Jithel, you will lot hor visit him, I hopo ? tTo must be moro human tlmu I thought; but no ono opuldreuist ourwinsoiiioEffle 1' ??;;?,:? .' I see ro objection to her doing so,' replied Mrs. Allison. ' I pity the »olitary old man, and shall be glad if the' child can choor him in aiiyiway.' ?.. ? - ?' ? ' '-.- -w ?'?''.'? ',' lCffio bad gone to .tell of hor ndventtiro to the young Sparlings, and thus loft her two motherB, as sho called them, free to continue the conversation whioh hor entrance had intor ruptod. You think the time is come, Marion, ? whon my child should seo more eooiety. I own I dread it for hor. I wonder will hor lifo be so early blighted as mino was ?' . : ' ??' ?-_ It was tho only allusion Mrs. Allison had ever mado to hor secret sorrow. Mrs. Sparling almost hoped she was going to confide it to hor j butaFtera momontary silenbo, whou a apasm of pain shot aorosB hor palo brow, tho widovi continued ;' : ' Is it imperative that Effio should attend this exciso ball ?' ' Only becauso it is the custom in Dalond for young girls not to be considered out till thoy have done eo. Effio is the same ago as my 4gnes, and I mean her to appear thero. I thought it would bo ploaeantor for the two girls to bo together. I havo not montionod it yet, so ahe will not bo disappointed if you decide othcr wiso.' ' No, Marion ; it shall bo aa you suggest. I will leave all to you, kindest of friends. Do with hor juat as you think boat.' ? (To be continued.) ? 