ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. Thi Federation Convention has been sitting at Bydney for the last eight or ton days, and the longer it sita the more evident does it beoome that "Federation" in aoy true sense of the term' is just one of those things that will not be accomplished. Few South Wales is against it, and none of the representa tives- of the other colonies are very much in favour of it, so Federation will be allowed to stand over on a formal "bill" or resolution. And nothing will be done about annexation except the passing of a few general resolutions that commit nobody to anything in particular. It is just as I siid a oouple or three months ago in these columns —when Victoria heard of Queensland having annexed New Guinea, the leading people of that colony wero all at onco seized with a burn ing desire to annex the New Hebrides and as many more groupsbf islandBinthePacific, as woro worth having. What the Victorians won tin par ticular with these islands has nevor yet been clearly stated,—but they mean to hare thorn if there is to be any annexing at all in these parts. This came out very clearly and definitely at the sitting of the Convention a few days ago. Mr. Service first, and after him Mr. Graham Berry, said as much, in a'inoit as plain terms as I have used. Tho representatives of Queens land urged with much show of reason, as I think, that the annexation of that part of New Guinea not claimed by tho Dutch was a very simple matter which, if urged by itself, tho Imperial Goverment would, in all probability, accede to, whilo if tho annexation of all the islands in the Pacific south of the equator woro added to New Guinea lord Derby would be sure to take fright at such a gigantic pro posal, and refuse to sanction any annexation. The representatives of several of the other colo nies expressed tho same Views, and urged that tho Now Guinea business was the most im portant, and tho most, pr. sting at tho present time. Once get that fairly settled, und Ihero would ho uuipto time to deal with tho other islands afterwards. This brtiught out Mr. Sertico and Mr. Berry, who, whilo quite willing to agree to the annexation of New Guinea, olaimed and insisted as a " simple act of justico to Victoria" that she must havo the New Hebrides and a few otberjelnnd groups in the PatifW. This will settle the wholo business for the present as. far Us the Itnperial Government is concerned. The annexation of Now Guinea by Queensland last April would have been con firmed by Her Majesty's Government in all probability but for that siortling telegram from Melbourne, claiming all tho root of the Islands in tho Pacific uot appropriated or, under the protection of any other European Power. All the "blathenkiting" and giuconading whioh liaa been indulged in in Victoria about Australia's glorious destiny OS the great future Empire of the Paoiflo, when boiled down, simply means more terri tory for Viotoria in tho South Seas. If she cannot get that, nobody else shall get anything. Nothing much to be proud of in that—eh ? Our now Minister for Lands (Mr. Dutton) met tho olectors of tho Loichbardt at Spring euro last Saturday weok, and made a speech to them, whioh, among other things, includod his views on what the land policy of the Ministry ought to bo. Ho did not commit his colleagues to it absolutoly, nor did he hold out any bright hopes of seeing it adopted and embodied in a statute during the coming ses sion, but merely intimated the general princi ples he should aim at embodying in any land legislation he introduced as a Minister for Lands. I thought it a very sensible and prac ticable scheme for getting more people on the great grazing areas in the interior which wo hare now tapped by railway from the coast in three different directions. Substantially it limply amounted to dividing the runs into smaller areas giving the big holders a 15 years1 indefeasible leas© of one half their runB and cutting up the other halves into smaller areas, ranging from 640 to 20,QC0 acres, and letting there to little graziers on reasonable terms fcr 5') years, Perhaps 50 is too long—I think it is. But the principle is rights if 'email men ore ever by any means to get a chance of holding a hit of country in tboss regions. Yet wo are now told that this plan of Mr. Button's is the mcst direct and certain mode of shutting out the small mou at once and for ever from that part of tho colony that has ever yet been seriously suggested. Wo are told this, too, by the very persons who were enthusiastically in favour of handing over, as a free gift in feo simple, for eTer, to a syndicate, not only a full half of the land within reach of any railways they might con struct through it, but al?o allowing them to remain the owners of the railways, and thus possess the only means of access to their own lands and the lands adjoining- As the land is only fit for grazing, and the members of this syndicate wanted to secure ,it for this pur pose, thore w*e no ghost of a chance of any small man being ever allowed to occupy an acre of it, because the syndicate oorld, and undoubtedly would, have got a belter price for the use of the land from the big squatter than the man of £5,COO or £6,000 could afford to give. We were assured in tho moBt solemn manner that there was not the slightest shadow of danger, and need not be a moment's hesitat'on in accepting the terms proposed by the syndicate, as this particular one was composed of gentlemen so patriotic and public- spirited, so careless of large profits, and so bent upon serving the small capitalist in preference to the large one that they would give every facility to the small man to occupy their land, and throw every obstacle in the way of the large one. The country refused to tike so generous a view of this syndi cate as the above, and rejected their proposals in a rather emphatio manner. Under the existing arraogement—the ono that has been in force, with slight variations, ever since Queensland has been a colony, the small capi talist who wanted to engage in graziug has not been allowed to touch & bit of land that it was worth the while of Grown lessee on a largi scale t) secure. The late Minister for lands, during tho five years he was in office, succeeded, by tho help of his col leagues and their clients, io blocking out any such settlement or occupation for ever from enormous areas of Crown lands intersected by railways in the Central district. This is the Minister whom Mr. Button's adverse? critics would fain have secured in office for another five years. He loft tbo western lands fortherailway syndicate and as that has been dispensed with, Mr. Button naturally enough, without doubt, came to the conclusion that there was a chance left thero for the grazier ou a smalt sculo; but we are assured that such is not tho case. Directly tho land is thrown open for lease on the terms proposed by Mr. Button, tho big squatters will dummy the lot, and by tho end of the lease will succeed in making their leisehold a freehold. Xfow is not this disheartening ? Tho small man is to be driven from tho coos^ districts by the big capi talist aud coloured labourer, and : under no conceivable circumstances, except under the j auspices of aland grant railway syndicate whom nobody beliovos iu, is ho to beaUowod a chance in tho interior. -.Under these circumstances ! where the diokins is the small; capitalist to go, I except to some other colony ? ; ' I Heartily ' sympathise with the secretary," treasurer, and committee of the fit. John's Bells Fund. I have sympathised with them for the hut boven yoara or more. : TIioji? bells, I might •ay tboso evening bells of fir. John's, have been au unmitigated worry and source of trouble from tho very 'first. They bavo been , a nuisanco. from tho first to •rorybody concerned—aud unconcerned—for | tho matter of that* The Hector of St* John's than whom a mora Honest, well-meaning, and conecientiotta parson according to his lights does not exist—or if ho does 1 am not aware c' the fact—has had to go short of his screw time after time on account of those precious bells* The Bells Committee have been driven to all sorts of shifts and schemes of a more or less doubtful character—often more than less—to raise mane; tohelppay for them. Whenthebells came to hand they were stuck up in such an original and unstable bell tower that nobody has ever dared to ring them, and never will, because I am assured ou authority that I can implicitly rely on that the very first peal that ia attempted to be rang on those bells in their present position, will, for a dead certainty, bring the tower and the belle about tho ringers' ears, and they will inevitably bo crushed and buried in the ruins. The ringers are even bliged to " chime " the hells very gently for fear tho blessi d tower should collapeo, or give a list to starboard or port, with the vibration—and tho congregation of Bt. John's are so rich and haughty that they think it beneath their dignity to pnt their hands in their pocket to pay for anything connected with their church, and, least of all, to assist in relieving the Bells Com mittee of their financial responsibilities, and subscribing towards the erection of a buildiDg in which the hells could he Teally rang without endangering the lives of the riDgers. It looks so low and mean, so much like descending to tho level of " dissenters " to subscribe liberally to one's church, that Church of England people out here, with a few notable exceptions, of conrte, regard it as little better than an in sult to be asked to do anything of the kind. The conreqnence is that the St. John's hells comnritteo have been driven to all sorts of shifts and devices. But this "Pinafore" performance is a real advance on some of the previous at tempts to raise the wind, whether con sidered in the light of religion or morality. I should not like to ssy among the many at tempts which have been made to raise money for the St. John's bells fond which among them hue been- the most barefsoed deviation from tho strict path of moral rectitude, to pnt it delicately-it would be diffi cult to say. If I had to give my vote it j would be in favour of the excursion to the bay six yean ago, when, after getting a large I number of persona on board under the promise of a most glorious excursion, Captain Cottier, j I think it was, took the excursionists to the j lightship at the mouth' of the river, and then closing his left eje and putting tho thumb - of his right hand over his left shoulder, declared that - he dare not | take his vessel any farther for fear something serious might happen. "Wow, the I " Pinafore" performance, so far as I can learn, was a genuine giving of value for money, and tho performers are little or none the worse now, while the people who paid their money to see it feel in a more Christian spirit than did those who paid their money for an excursion to the Bay and islands by the lady Bowen, and only went just beyond ly tton. Under these circumstances I sympathise with tbe bells committee. It is no encourage ment to them to try and be honeit and straight forward in their efforts to be relieved of their financial responsibilities in connection witk the belle if they are to be snubbed and sat upoa in this manuer. 