FACETI2E. (From Ekolish Periodicals) There is 110 special style of engraving for engagement rings. A spider's web with a fly in it is a very pretty device. " Never swear before ladies" says a preacher. What are we to do? Wait until the ladies swear first, and then swear after them ? An early reply soli cited. A merchant lately received a package labelled " One box Tom cats." He was at first disinclined to open it, but subse quently discovered the inscription meant. "One box of tomato catsup." "Here Fve been talking for half an hour," exclaimed an auctioneer, " and I haven't got an offer." " Half an hour, indeed !" murmured an elderly maiden : " what's half an hour to many long years, and still no hope of an offer !" " Thank heaven !" exclaimed Dr. Sym kyns of the Lands Office, as he paced the floor at midnight with his howling heir, " thank heaven, you are not twins!" A glass coffin is the latest invention. This will give the deceased a chance to see wliat kind of a procession he lias. A girl at a boarding-school wrote to her father, who was an eminent lawyer, ask ing if she "hadn't a right to object to a great horrible dog always taking the whole of the pavement." The old lawyer wrote back : " You are right in objecting to the principle that the dog is entitled to the whole of the pavement, but practi call if he wants it you had better let him have it." Doctor: " Well, Pat, have you taken the box of pills I sent you ?" Pat: " Yes, sir, be jabens, I have ' but I don't feel any better yet; maybe the lid hasn't come off yet!" " How old are you ?" said a magistrate to a German arraigned before him. "I am dirty." " And how old is your wife ?" " Mine wife is dirty too." " Then, sir, you are a very filthy couple, and 1 wish to have nothing further to do with either of you." The following strange story has been well authenticated : During the assizes at Exeter, Sir James Dyce, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, presided at a trial for murder. The evidence left no doubt of the guilt of the man in the dock. To the great surprise of the judge and the public the jury acquitted the man. So utterly wrong appeared the verdict, that it is said the judge called the foreman of the juiy to bis private room to ask him on what grounds they had discharged the prisoner. The foreman said : " I am go ing to tell you something which I wish you not to reveal for three days." The judge assented to this. " Well, sir," con tinued the foreman, " I am the man who committed the murder. It was not the man who was tried this morning. From knowing all the circumstances of the case, I pointed out to the jury various discre pancies in the evidence, and got them to bring in a verdict of not guilty. To- mor row I leave for America, hut make this confession to you. in case anybody else should be charged with this murder." He was not heard of again. It is Baid by some that the real murderer got himself placed on the juiy purposely to acquit the man charged with his crime. A Story of Four Flies.—There were once four flies, and, as it happened, they were hungry one morning. The first set tled upon a sausage of singularly appetis ing appearance, and made a hearty meal. But he speedily died of iutestinal inflam mation, for the sausage was adulterated with aniline. The second fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contraction of the stomach, owing to the inordinate quantity of alum with which the flour had been adulterated. The third fly was slaking his thirst with the con tents of the milk jug, when violent cramps suddenly convulsed his frame, and he soon gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adult eration. Seeing this, the fourth fly mut tering to himself, " The sooner it's over the sooner to sleep," alighted uponsa moistened sheet of paper-.exhibitlagi^m' counterfeit presentment of a death's I head, and the inscription,11 Fly Poison?' Applying the tip of his proboscis to "this ! device, the fourth fly drank to his heart's | content, growing more vigorous and chcer | ful at every mouthful, though expectant of his end. But Jie did not die. On the contrary, he throve and waxed fat. Yon see, even the fly poison was'adulterated. " A poor " Turkish slater, of~Constanti nople, being at work upon tlie roof of a h'huse, lost his footing and Tell into the -narrow street -upon a man.- The pedes train was killed by tlie concussion, while the slater escaped without material in jur}'. A son of the deceased caused the slater to be arrested. The cadi listened attentively, and in the end asked the . slater what he had to say in his defence. " Dispenser of Justice," answered the accused, "it is eveu as this man says; but God forbid that there Bhould be evil in my heart. I am a poor man, and know not how to make' amends." Tlie son of the man who had been killed thereupon demanded that condign punishment should be inflicted upon the accused. The cadi meditated a few monents and finally said, " It shall be so." Then to the slater he said, " Thou shalt stand in the Btreet where the father of this young man stood I when thou didst fall on him." And to the accuser he added, " Thou shalt, if it pleases thee, go up on tlie roof, and fall ■upon the culprit, even as he fell upon thy father. Allah bepraised ?" A curious conoe adventure is- reported ' from Frankfort. Some members of the boat club in that city resolved to row to Mayence by night. They started at 12 o'clock, and pulled away vigorously all , night, enjoying tlie trip -exceedingly. At sunrise it was discovered, to their great chagrin, that the anchor had not. been weighed, and that they had re mained at the same spot where tliev had taken leave of their friends, by whom they are now known as the explorers. A Londoner who lately crossed from Canada Jto Ogdensburg asked- his hack driver as to the population and form of government of Ogdensburg. On being informed that it was en incorporated city, the chief officer of which was a mayor, he enquired, "And does the mayor wear the insignia of office?" "Insignia—what's that ?" asked the astonished hackman. " Why, a chain about his neck," ex plained the Cockney. " Oil, bless you, 110," responded tlie other; " lie's perfectly harmless, and goes about loose." 