ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY Taco GnosT.] Sept. 21. Men cnulpa, muea culpa, mea maxima culpa. I have placed a wrong date at the head of one of my missives, and thus laid myself and the tnunceeson Examiner open to the grave charge of Sabbath breaking. Perhaps the world at large may forgive me, but I am sadly afraid my critic will look upon my sin as unpardonable ; and, between ourselves, if he may he fairly judged by the tone of his letter, I cannot reckon much upon his charity. By the way, is not this the greatest of virtues? Does it notcoser, as with a mantle, a multitude of pocadilloes 7 Does it think evil? Does it level accusations of fraud and untruthfulness at all and sundry 7 "The Ghost'e" echoes concocted in Patterson-street, Launceston, forsooth I Ah ! if my censor could only have heard the cheers that greeted the Rov. Charles , Strong when that gentleman rose to address the meeting held in the Mel bourne Town Hall to inaugurate the I Working Men's Club, they would have dispelled much of the bitter bile of "personal malignity," to borrow a phrase of Sir Charles Dulfy's, which runs through his epistle, and have, perhaps, brought I him over to think with the greater num ber of people here, who believe that one .of the worthiest, most sincere, and hard I working ministers in Victoria has been I sacrificed to the narrow viaws of a few bigoted Presbyterians. "The Ghostly" echoes which have no roused his saintly I ire are, indeed, those of Victoria's me tropoli., And they are, moreover, 'a true - repetition of the sounds that greet the attentive listener to what is going on in the busy world around him. Now, will lie credit the sincerity with which I, cry Peccanil He should do no at once, at all events if I rightly gauge his large powersof gullability, by the readiness he has shown to swallow such an absurd surmise as that the "Echoes" emanated fromuPatteraou-street I Despite the break in the week's pro coedinge caused by the adjournment of the Assembly, consequent upon the death of Mr. M'Gregor, one of the representa tives of Emerald Hill, and the holiday taken for a fortnight by the Legislative Council, there has been a fair amount of work performed by our legislators. The Mallen Leasing Bill has passed through Committee, and when the Government have ascertained through their whips what way the cat is likely to jump, and have made up their minds to what term they will enlarge the tenure of the B blocks, the measure will be ready for transmission to the Upper House. The Melbourne Tramway Company's Bill has been passed through its final stages, and now only requires the Governor's assent to become law. The Marriage and Matrimonial Causes Statute Amendment Bill, conjointly with a measure relating to the custody of infants, have also been transmitted to the Council, and the Forfeited Mining Shares Bill and soma other minor measures been read a second time. The heart of Mr. Nimmo most also have been made glad by the passing of the long desired Harbour Trust Amendment Bill. But after all there is not much of a clearance of the notice paper, for as fast as one measure dis appears it is replaced by another. The most unsatisfactory feature in the week's proceedings is the statement made by Mr. Gillies in reference to the railway brake question. Those who expected something definite and explicit were sadly disappointed. The question as to whether Wood or Westinghouse is to carry the day, is apparently' as far from solution as ever. Is the Ministry. of all the talents going to perpetrate a job I It really looks like it. "The working man" has again been trotted out by his kind friends. Those philanthropic gentleman consider that the advantages of society clubs should not be exclusively confined to' the "oligarchs" and the " upper ten thou sand." So the Anglican Bishop, the Rev, :Charles Strong, and a Supreme Court judge, were induced to mount the platform in company with such trusty and trusted friends of the people as Mr. Berry and Mr. Murphy, and astring of nut'and dried resolutions affirming% the desirableness of cetablishing " Working Men's Clubs" agreed to unanimously.; Why the advinableness of taking this' .step had not previously dawned upon the' .artizans acid mechanics of Victoria is somewhat of a mystery. As a' rule this sootion of our population has been'ffully alive 'to its own interests, and-lass re-i :quired no outside help to .assist, it rin gaining a position which similar classes in other countries mayswell Ienvy. 'It Is 'somnowhatsurprising, therefore, that there were no dissentients at the Town.Hall meeting, and that no, voice was raised to toll the wehl meanimg mentheeiasts that the "working mon" were perfectly able, to band -themselves together to look after themselves whenever such action was desirable, and required no patronage from their '"pastors and mimastert." Sin guilar to 'state, although Dr. Moorhouse, Mr. Justice Higinbotham, and the other " swells " whio expatiated so eloquently and gushingly on the benefits of club life all expressed themselves as strong advo cates of the system, they did not suggest that the portals of the Melbourne Club should be thrown open to " the working man." In such a democratic country as this, where all neen are equial-or ifany thing Jack is rather better' than his master =all men are "clubable,". and the suggestion would have been a practical oThere has boon a rather sennational bank robbery, tthe shareholders of,' the Commercial being In this. instance the sufferers. How the robber or robbers can' have carried off some seventy peunds weight of bar gold, epening tnvo stronig room deere and an iron safe, and again locking them previoun to leaving thne pro mines, is just a' little mnyotnriousu How ever, tine gold has vanished, and up to the preount there in no clue to tine ligh fingered-but withal hnavy laden-per potratore of tine offence. W~ill our dete tives prove smart enoungh to discover tins offoinder 1 Thewea beeno the Judges havo during abther ofk e sitting in their capadity en rin er a mnahrimnonial quarrels, sod hayo I nanumbor of casses dissolved tine Smuninal tie. None of the suits, however, Swithn tine exception of that of Huckling n. SHuckling anid Bremfield, poesces very Imuch interest. In this 'one, however, ' the position of the plaintiff as a bank ,manager, and of the renpo'siennt as a Sformer ward in chancery, add a certain -amount of enluf to the proueedinge. Thu delnided husband in new freed from his conjugal liabilitien, eo far at leant as his Slate wife is concerned, but his children I still remain iii lie charge, and he is new a ndeavoniring to obtain neme of the rfortuino of his peccant spouse to asaist inn I their mnaintnannico. 'The lady and tine gay Lothnarlo-whno by tine way is some tweinty yearn younger than the faithniess wifc-aflor a short residence in Dunedin have betaken tiunems'les to San Franciuce, the atmosphnere of whnich locality is sup posed to be eminently congenial to per eons in the peculiar position at presenit occupied by tinerespondent and co- rcspon dent. rAnother of the casen which serve to Sshow how small in the dread of coose -qnnencou entertained by some pereons, inns j ust occurred in Richmnond. Mdr. Taylor, whose name wan oinly two or three mioiitii Sago prominently before t1he public in coni I nectinon wills Miss Celeetine Frost, annd Scertain'mnl-procticesinregard tothiniyonuog Slady, is again in tronble. A younng girl anoined Flnorence Blaniche Waddilove hoe Sdied in the inomy fa,,ouns-or lofamnous 2 Warman's cottages under nnost eunslicinhun e irconnstances. The sictinn is barely n ixteens ycara of age, and wavo of a moot Spreposnoessing appearance. Indicationns at the iotmeforiemn examination revealed tine fact that the poor girl had given births to 4a child within a few daiys of hen: nfeathn. A corenial inquiry hen beso commnuneuod, and was on Thursday adjourned for a week. It is not likely, however, to result in the committal of the estimable person who has already been arraigned three times before the Supreme Court, charged with endeavouring by illegal means to limit the increase of the population. It was shown that Florence Waddilove had been tampered with before she took up her abode with Mrs. Taylor, whose par ticular avocation is likely to gain ad. ditional publicity from the pro ceedings. The late railway accident at Newmarket when a passenger train ran into a lot of cattle trucks, and a number of travellers were, according to their own account, more, and, in the estimation of the Government, less hurt, turns out to have been one of those mishaps for which " nobody" is to blame. The pointsman and engine driver, both committed for trial at the instance of the railway authorities, have been tried and acquitted on a charge of negligence. Defective brake power is alleged to have solely caused the disaster. The brakes ought, therefore, to be tried. And to those who may say that they have undergone this ordeal, the reply may be made, "Try them again, the last trial was not a fair one.,, No change took place in the theatrical bill of fare during the week. To-night, however, the programme is a now one at all the principal places of amusement. At, the Royal the Williamssons disappear, and give room to Jenny Lee, who re-appears before a Melbourne audience as "Jo." At the Princess the too long played "Fatinitza" is replaced by "Prince Mothusalem," in which a new tenor, Mr. Walshe, who achieved a succis d' estime ais Julian Hardy, is again to appear. At the Bijou "Jealousy" is to give place to "A Living Statue," and *at the Opera House the Montagie- Turner Operatic Troupe are still delighting good audiences .by their charming rendering of the favourite works of both Italian and English maistros. 