BROKEN AT 'LAST. CHAPTER IY. (Continued) A BITTER BAaaAIN. :.r. On entering- the tent, tka gentleman, after \- nodding carelessly to Keelan, threw off hie — - hat and cost, and unwound the ehawl which had hitherto concealed tlie lower part of bis foco ; he appeared both young- and hand . .-some, his feature of the gipsy cast strongly " ' snarked as those f his guide. " He must bs of our rnco," thought Min . . A nie, as she watched him with a feeling wtiich • partook of interest aa nv.-cb bs cmiosity ; ••but, oh, how different jrom the men of our . e.; encampment. What can be his businese with my grandfather ? ' She saw by the puckering of the wrinkles round the half-closed eyes of her relative that the visit of the stranger afforded him Bftliefaotion, not from any friendship or re gard he bore him—.such feelings she well ' - knew were impossible between the solitary outcast of society and the haughty, free spoken housedweller, and she attributed it \- to the light cause—avarice—the last and -«.atrongeBt passion of the old man's nature, I " What are you lingering for ?" he d<> 5 € inanded, eharply ; " close the blanket after j you, and watch lest any eavesdroppers creep | within hearing." { " It is unnecessary," observed his visitor; | " you forgot that it is raining hard, and it i Would be cruel to expose her further to the ( storm." | Tlie eyes of the inexperienced gipsy girl J filled with tears; there was a kindness in I the wordB and a gentleness in the tone in | which they were uttered that touched her, '' Wid Bhe began to suspect that she bad judged him harshly. " Go then," said her grandfather; " but mind that we are not interrupted." «- Minnie disappeared, closing the opening of the tent, 08 she had been directed, care folly after her. " That girl is tne peart 01 your irioe, • exclaimed his visitor, so soon as they were alone. Keelan regarded him uneasily. ^''Little did I amagine your rude encamp ! xnent contained such a treasure," " A treasure I would neither barter aor see •tampered with," observed the old man, ■ significantly. "Is she really your grandchild?" V Really," repeated th owner of the tent, emphatically. "Strange, is if not, that such a flower should spring from such a stem ? But enough of her ,' he added ; " Aubrey •Fairclough did not seek me on a ni^ht like thia merely tor the sake of expressing his admiratioa of Minnie Moyne." "8ir Aubrey," said the gentleman ; "my ■ brother died six months Bince." • "You are rich, then 1" " A barren title," answered the baronetj for euoh was the rank of the speak er. " Daw well is all he bequeathed me." " Did he not die childless?" demanded the gipsy. " No ; be left a daughter," replied bis !. visitor, gloomily, "to my guardianship. • There were reaso s—family ones—~whioh I cannot explain fo the arrangement. Her ; mother," be added, "in a fit of madness or 1 malice, fled with her three days since, from those with whom I had placed them. I have ' traoed her to this neighbourhood. She is ' without money. It is of importance I should '.prevent her reaching London. You must • assist me." i.v " A seoond crime," muttered Jteelan ; " a second orime!" » " Wero it the hundredth," observed the J gentleman sarcastically, "it wotffd be but as the addition of a grain of sand to thej mfctontain you bare already perpetrated. J "We are old acquaintances," ho continued.' ; "it is unnecessary to plead conaci-noe, at; •which we both laugb, as an excuse for estur- j an I know the price of your services, and am prepared to pay it." * Gold,", replied the old man, " although , ove the chink of the bright and glorious metal/has not been the only motive of my •nring you." 'Ah, true," said Sir Aubrey, with a yawn, •nr wife nursed me, and I h tve heard there a sort .of savage fidelity in the tie. It was 'loin her I learnt the romany noo-a-pen. 11J lady mother felt terribly soandalized when she disoovered the proficioncy I had made in your unoouth tongue at the expens* 31 ?my, English, and dismissed her. range," he added, "I have never forgotten A low, chuckling laugh broke from the ii, withered lips of the old man. " It would be Btranger if you had," he eplied; " stranger if you had !" Before the baronet could ask an explana* on ol his words, which struok him aa being enigmatical, the voice of Minnie was heard without, eiDging as before the wild gipsy r which served as the aigoal of her ap ,zoaoh. : " What now?" demanded her grand ather, impatiently, when she made her ap pearance. ' Two of the men have returned-—Squills and Jioks," answered the girl. " The last \- severely wounded. Danger threatens our people ; they would speak with you." J Keelan glanoed around to assure himself there waB nothing he oared to conceal lying about for the prying eyes of his visitor to dxamino, ascertained that the keys of the cheat were safe in his pocket, and then quit ed, the tent, observing; that his absence would not extend beyond a few. minutes. ^Minnie lingered, as if with the intention of remaining during bis absence, but the old inan sternly ordered her to acoompany him. . '?I must loam to sohool my eyes ns well 88-my tongue,'' mentally ejaculated Sir Aubrey- "The grandfather begius to bus pbot me. How one's actions may be mis judged. By heaven 1 it would be a virtue to rescue this wild flower from obscurity, and transplant her to a more genial soil! What beauty ! what graoe 1 There is some thing piquant in her very ignoranoe—the pride of her flashing glance. I should like to tame it," he added, with a sneer. • Umph 1 well, I can occupy myself with her anon." So completely did the project which float «d:iaguely in his mind absorb the though s of the libertine, he notioed not the time that •lapsed before Keelan returned. "I have obtained the information yuu re qpire,'? said the g pay. " Of Lady Fairoiough ?" i , "Yes," "Where is the ?"„ ' < > ' i ■ r , - i y. .!'-i'' ! ■. .• I'.i •' i 1 '• Where is she ?" repeate I the owner ol the t»nt, witli oue of bis usu>tl chuckles. " What a fool the housedweller takes me for. WIitg is /~1ig !" tie ivpoii'Q i, " liu, ha. There are certain prt'liiniimiius to be settled before that question can be answered. Whore is she ?" " Name your price," oxclaime'fl the baronet, impatiently. " Fifty pounds. One of the gang has been wounded in an affair in which she is mixed up. Not a penny less—not a penny !" "It is yours," replied his visitor. Tho old man hold out his hand as if he pxpr-etod to receive it then and there. " Do you imagine I travel with my pock ets ci-atnmed with g"ld ?" added tlio speaker; " you liave taken my word for a larger SU'U when I whs a poorer man," " True ; but then I had a pledge," Sir Aubrey raised his ruht hand, with til* thumb pressed closely against the palm—tne most solemn form of oath amongst the gipsy tribe, and the only only on«, perhaps, they have never been known to break. Keelan was satisfied, and without further hesitation, or condition related the adventure of Squills and Jinks in the bam, and con cluded by informing him that the wounded innn had watched the fugitive to Rocking ham Hull. " Rockingham Hall," repeated the baronet with unfeigned surprise ; " why it belongs to •I member of Lacy 3? lirciou^h's family, I thought it had long been abandoned." '• So it has by its owner," replied the old man, " but a stranger tenants it." " What kind of person is he ?" "A dangerous man. Tho whole country side lour ami yat respect him. Ho calls himself Dr Lacy ; men say ho holds inter | course with tho dead. Certain it is that he | performs strange cures—frequently succeeds where others fail. He has thwarted me more thun once or twice," bo addsd. "I should have thought that dangerous observed bis hearer. " It might have been in any other," re plied the gipsy angrily ; " but I cure not to cross bis path. Ho must be a bold man to reside there. The house is haunted." " Stuff!" said his visitor. "Do you be lieve such folly ? The only ghosts are the recollections of the past." " Seeing ia believing," muttered Eeelan, shaking bis head. " I was' as inoredulous as yourself, till I beheld tfye White Lady and ber shadow." ■ ' -' ' f r »'Tbo what?" " Tlia White Lady and her shadow," re peated the old man." j •;."A contrivanoe," exolaimed Sir Aubrey, "to prevent the neighbours from prying too olosely into his proceedings; What sort ot plaoe is the hall?" , , ; ■ " A queer mansion—full, of passages asa rabbit-warren—secret entrapoes and oham-f bers contrived in-troubled times/- " I know it well, and—" r>! j. •Could gam access fo it at ODy time ?" eagerly interrupted Lis hearer.:: <" " " Yes." • . "One bold effort and the fifty shall be made a hundred," exclaimed • the baronet, struck by a sudden idea.. "Hear my plan." Koelan seated himself upon the chest, and' listened at first with an expression of care less indiff«r&noe; ; gradually he beoame inte rested ; at last bis hesitation disanpeared— the scheme struok him as practicable; t r "W&cpn; but tiy it," he - siid ; " we can but try it." ; * ;'"It must be; at once,- then," 'urged the: tempter, looking at his watch. " It is two; hours past midnight already.";!" '. Kii <1 : The gipsy nodded assent; and they quitted, the tent'together. ' t \ CHAPTER Y. THE WHITE LADY. "", We must > now, return to the two runa ways, whom wo left -in the long disused chamber in Eockin^ham .Hall.1 , y t* Tirird at last of gazing* upon" the portrait, Oliver Brandeth had fallen into a feverish sleep, broken by horrible dreams, which oaused him several tim»;s to start up with h cry of terror. At one moment he fanoied himself contending with'tho ruffians in the barn, the shrieks of the woman 'still- ringing in his ears; at another the man he h»d wounded appeared standing over him men acingly with a knile. It was no wonder, therefore, that when he woke the exoited boy envied .his companion reposing tranquilly by his side, and prayed "ThanIt heaven!" he murmured, as be started foe the third or fourth time from his uneasy slumber, and saw that the first faint Btrnalt of dawn had penetrated the dusky windows ; " it will soon he day. I shall not try to sleep aijain. What a uight," he added ; " what an adventure!1' His thoughts onoo more reverted to the portrait, and he turned his eyes in the direotion where it hung, but the fire liad long since burnt down to a spaik, and he could only just distinguish a faint outlineof f lie frame. " It will be lighter soon," he thought/ " and then I shall be able to see it." He next began to reflect upon the sin gular conduct of >he lad who had conducted htm to the room on the prectding night, the kind munner of his host, the hmale and her child, and one reoolhoinn chased another till his brain felt confused by the variety of images he had ooDjured up. Whilst thus musing, a creeking sound, like the closing of a door, attracted his at tention ; he turned bis head and b -held a sight that chilled his young hrarfc with terror. At first he thought lie must be sleeping.'He would have gtven the world for strength to ' utter a single cry ; a spell was on hiis lips he could not utter a word, or move, scarcely I breathe. i , A female, dressed in white, tall and veil ad, glided slowly across the chamber, fol lowed by a figure envelopeu in a block mantle or cloak, and both disappeared in the recess which contained the bed, Oliver felt that it was no delusion, no trick of imagination, but a horrible reality. As the vision vanished from his sight he sank back senseless upon his pillow. When he recovered, tho rays of the morn ing sun illuminated the room. At first he fancied he must h ve been dreaming*. ( jo be continued.) 