Rlfovellzt.. .-A STRANDED ;SHIP; A STORY,OF SEAiAND 8HOnE. SBY L. CLARKE DAVIS. Ifl tihe red laye r thinks he slays, Or if the slain thinks he is slain, ,., STloy know not well tihe subtle ways I karp,and paiss; and tri'ngain.". :' 1BALs WALDO acensono. Now staggoring boneath and mounting trium. 'phaintly again to the surface of the waves, rearing and plunging like a-horse' unused' to goading and foeeling whip and spur, for the flirst time, the yacht sailed on; when, fromtho wrecking-station; below aboutwbhihwreckers and fishermen lhad gathered in haste to'watch the adventurous oraft,' a signal was run up. " Make half apoint'south," 'it said. Instantly theyanoht assquared away asindicated, when, coming full 'before the wind; her jib-shoots wore torn away' one by one, the top-sail shivered for a moment in the gale and then was ripped out,' and fluttered away like a cloud ;yet, all unmindful of theo wreck above and below; the man at the helm kept her bow that half a point south, for there lay the nar" row inlet, dangerous and uncertain in fairest weather,' as its breakers roared and broke, but now a desperate, almost a hopeless chance.' Margaret Daunton hold the Professor's aim with a fierce grip. " Will the man make the inlet ?" she asked." Is he sure to do it?" "I don'tknow; it ida poor chance," the Professor said. ""Blt why more anxiety. for that handsome, daring devil at the helm than for the two or three other men there, Mai-. garet? " : "Can you look at 'the different men, and ask that ?'He stands erect, head and shoulders above them all. From here 'you can .see :the coward-look in. their' shrinking figuires, but there is one in his.. Ho is not cateless of his life; he is bonding overy nerve and muscle:to save himiselsilhd' them,; and yet, when:he will , be within a' single.moment of his death, he wilri not more portainly look it in the fade than he is doing now. 4Why should I not give my sympathy to theobravo man instead of to the cowardsthere?" "Because; Margaret, the cowards. there may have wives and children at home ; -and that fellow has none, or he would give .this lee-shoro a wide berth." Then a cloud of suspicion or doubt fell be. iween these two-that had never booeen there' be. fore; and they walked on down the beacli to the inlet in silence which neither caredl'to disturb. The Professqr was annoyed and oexed by the girl's interest in this stranger, who guided his boat-among the breakdrs with such free and skilful daring;. and she, t40, was' annoyed that-the Protessor, always befar just and generous, should withhold any credit from the brave fellow out there,'atrugg ling so grandly for life. ' Yet whlat could it matter to the old Pro. fessor for whom she interested hersell? Were not his loves and romances away back there among the dead Hellenic fables ? Hehad said so, yet the man's heart beat uneasily when he saw this girl, whom he had grown to consider his very own liby overy' tie of gratitude and affection, bestowing her sympathy and show ing deep fling for another, and that other a strauger ;'dimly seen as yet far out at sea. ' He had forgotten, in his annoyance at Margaret, to watch the ecourseaof the! yacht,' when a sharp?cry from her suddeply drew his attention to the struggling boat. An ugly squall had struck her at an imminent mo ment, tearing, out the deck fasteioings, which held the mainosail square away, and in an in: staht it was flung aloft, caught by the gale, and wound ahout and around the pliant mast, which bent like steel. Top-.ailsand jibs and mainsail were gone, and nothing left but the' Ioresail now, which, in the flawy gale, threat: ereed momentarily to jibe, in whieh casoe all prhsious efforts would be rendered futile. But the blise-coated sailor at the' helm held the little vesse. on her courseo as undaunted 'as if le linew ertl' drop of water under him.' The roar and thuvlder of the surfweretoodeep for those on shore t~ hoar his voice, but from his gesturea they knew that he was giving orders which'.were'not obeyed by thle' demoralized 'T?? yacht-vas of twgelve feet beam, while Stihe entrance to the inlet was barely twenty feet in all. So that oven in 'ase. tle sailor's q uick eye detected the vary centre' of the c ,ha.'nol, he would have scarcely four feet of s ater on'either gutnwale. ' -Coptahon Brown stood among his men, whoi resting on h he sides of the lilfeboats, keenly ivtheld theB ring sailor.n. t She nleve' k-n make it, -Cap'en Brown ; Sthe luffs, shl'll jibd1 an' ho don't luff, that bit of canvas 'till g i uy the wind," said a a kooky.skinncd, wh '-.yipeded old h follow at Sthlr Captai'n saide. Welnl now,a I. don't' know bout that, Villk i ere. Its'a oncertald. T o' am that young. 'eCow's peart, ho is, acd lee's got truoe grit, an'. h.' plucky, an' he's got a oiar eye on' a ate1, %',oool hand, an' he wouldn't snr erisee se if ~bt, won, alttr all," the Captain drawled out. ae ttcntiosly. ' The ya?h't' '.s'd approached the mouth of the seething hbe.o'f the breakers that already sprang at herbobr`s 'snnd leaped upon her dock, rheiaoloelurched utlfeward, ',and her'fore-atil, which hitherto had t.i od the fury of.the gale unscathed,' parted fi c' boom to gaff, and directly was only a flaui wsr¢g mass of ribbons in the wind, ' The life-boats were horri. dt v pun down to the shore, as quickly mn ti: and a doenc brawny fishermen stood by, r' '?d to .aun ?e them when the little craft struec, ~he bar. lut alhe did not strike at all. She w. s? addenly pat hard to windward, the gale ca. '?5ft a low yards of the main-sail still unfurled C'bout tho peak, sio obeyed the hand at the ho m'., *sdl hile lthe eager crowd looked on and held their breath while a hundred, seconds, m. ?5t be told off, tih yacht lilted up her how agarU struck the creat'ol tho,last;: defeatod breaker;' plunged and rose and plunged and rose, and tho next ienstant 'sailed quietly, into tlhe unrueefled. surface of thie river.. Withoutany sereming haste or excitement she was battened 'down; after some tIunks and baggage were brought up from below;her shattered sails were furled, her rigging out away, her decks cieared, her Bawl was laun abed, the Idggage'etowed into it, and then the crew and the blue-cbatod sailor landed. S-?He' was met by the. wreeking.master, who extended his brawny hand in- token of wel comn and fellowship for the. old fellow had been a sailor Ilefore the other was born. " Thanks for your timely signal, Captain. The little Argo would searcely hare brought us safely'to shore without it; and in that case the golden fleece would have been alto. gather lost to me, I am afraid.". " I dunno about that fleece, Cap'en, but 'I do know you've just saved your bacon, and although I say it to your face, which I shouln't,,you're a brave fellow, and I'd like to shake hands agen if you don't mind it; also, while you're here, I'd like it mightily if you'd make my house your own, just to stay at:or come and go. to, as you like; a bed's better nor a hammock any time, and similarly, dry land better nor water; but," said the Cap. tain, " wiy in thunder did you, a peart enough sailor, as I'vo seen to-day, run ontb.o a lee-shore in a nor'.eater? " " The last thing first, then, Captain. The yacht has settled six inches since she erossed that last breaker; that strained and ham mered her to death; but she was sinking, be fore the gale came on, and I ran on a lee-shore, thinking only of beaching her as a'desper ate chance for life; just then I saw your inlet here, made for it, and got my course by your signal, and here I am, and: there's my hand, and I will take your bed, and again a thou sand thanks to you for my safety." - ".You ought to thank. God for it, young man; for, when. the. sea rose up to swallow you alive, it was His hand, not mine, that parted the waters and delivered you." "I do thank God," the sailer said, "with all my.heart,-my friend, and--" ; I Something .just then blanched the brave young fellow's face whiter than the threatened death out there had'done. What was it ? What had stopped the ready current of his talk, cut ting short his speech? What was it that .made his, hand. tremble up to his mouth in that weak, uncertain way.?- Not anything- i the old Captain's manner; not the soft, brown eyes. of thb girl, timidly bent upon hini; not the quiet,. controlled eyes -lof. the:man " on whose arin she leaned. . Yet, for a. hurried moment, he was cowed, as no mere, physical danger could have done; he seemed to the girl to have : suddenly lost- hies- height of stature and bravery of bearing;: to shrinkand tremble before the man at her. side. She looked-- alternately into their- faces for ann answer to his curious. bohaviour.; but when sheho.turned to the Profeseor,,tho.esual grave, reticent smile was on his lips, and if the two men had over met before, there was no sign of it in the Professor's eyes, which looked- dully into the e es.of.the sailor, absentof meaning or recognition. When, still perplexed at the unsolved riddle, she turned again to the other man, he was shaking hands gayly enough: with the old wrecking- master; then he gave some dired tions quietly and coolly to his crew about his luggage and the sinking yacht. His face was turned fully. toward her, and she noticed that the pallor and- fright were gone from it ;.,that his ,manner was eaby and pos sessed; that, as be looked toward her, there was a bright, boyish smile in his eyes ; and when" Captain Brown presented Mr. Luke Conner to her and the Professor, the two men gravely saluted each other after the fashion of gentlemen; and she noticed the bits of talk succeeding had: nothing different, in them from other; bits of .talk likely to chance be tween two intelligent persons ;whdn intro duced to each other. . . ? . -" We must congratulate you, on your escape," -the Professor said.. "Your vessel is sinking, I think you told the Captain." ' , , " Yes, she leaked badly before, but that last thumping she got in the inlet was too much for her. - She will be gone in an- hour, if she is not already aground. . -: : -.," Then,'- said Margaret, her rare, sweet smile mocking the gravely spoken words, " I am afraid the modern Jason will have all the dangers of the voyage, andpursuit, without finding the treasure he seeks. ' • \- Luke Connor looked far out to seaas the girl stopped-speaking, as if he weighed the dangers he had passed,ibefore, he answered her. -... .- - - "'I am not o sure of that,' he said presently. " The gods of to-day, I fancy, are as 'vigilant and strong as thqse older ones; indeed, I am not, sure they are not the same, and who knows that they did not send the New Argo there,'to this shore,- knowing that here the modern Jason might find what he sought ? Advenrturers are sailing to-day over every sea. in search of it ; onois hunting it in the mines of California or Australia, anotherin India or Japap, but everybody is hunting it some- where. I think the golden fleece of to-day is only another name forhappiness, and I am as.likely to find it here as elsewhere." \- The man's voice had grown low and solemn and propheti, and, the, girl, noticing his changed manner, looked at him curiously. If then aho had given one bold glance into- the pure brown eyes before him, or had dared to' cast ,a single admiring look at her, or at the bright masses of the golden hair, waving so, luxuriantly about her neck and face, she would have caught the hidden sense of-his 'meaning, and if she had, she would have avoided hii forever, after. But his eyes did not. once meat hers, they being still bent far out at sea; and the girl, too simple and true to be suspicious or to take alarm, only simply wondered Where, among the melancholy -groves of that grim shore, the golden prize might hang. But the Professor, quicker of thought than slhe, and more suspioious too, knew that Mar garet had curiously attracted Luke Cbnnor, and that the tawny hair floating about her form typified to the reckless sailor Jason's fab led fleece. The Argo had settled at flood tide, but her deck still showed above the surface of the shallow river. "helies safoe enoughthere," Luke said. " If you think bhr traps worth the trouble, she is yours to dismantle, Captain Brown, but her hull is sprained and thumped to pieces." He looked back regretfully at the sunken wreck. They had bean good friends together, the man and his boat. If, as he said, the golden fleece was only another name for Imppiness, he had sought that in many places in )ls yacht. They had shared a goo many dangers, lived true, brave lives together, strug gling and wrestling with tempest and sea, and now the old Argo lay there in that hole of a river, sunk and worthless. It hod been a better life than any Ihe knew on shore. That was a fever of dissipation, around of leasure that was unwholesome and vile. The 0nly love he know there was the love that he had bought. Thie lips that hissed the pure brow of P'syohe, had kissed no pure lips since ; the hand made bloody on that long-ago com mencement night had upver been clear again, he morbidl y fanled. Yet in every hour of this man's plunges into vice and wretched ness, his true, nobler self cried out for some thing hetter-for the sweet, manly life he had once known--for friendship and love. But he knew Io?t men looied coldly on him; that fathers of pore gi"ls never asked him to their houses ; that, mie?d Vi~h the sineerest interest men ever showed him, tleio was more than one holt morbid curiosity. lIe ~-qw, ehen he met hls fernor friends "face to lsc, t4ht if \- they noticed bl5o t all, which fevilld, ?hdy \vere quietly wvedaring, as they passed sP tar?ir ejoposie way, cow seurderer mest feel; tvhca' .suet be tie loil life of o alan" who had eoc ~pdl hanging, or whtt distnempered faneins of tle? ecurdeOed vlctim tortured his, )y night .. .. - -'. -! t If he equld have answered them at all, he would, have said, that no thought of being hanged, that no ghost of the dead man who had wronged his sister, over came to him by, day or night. But while no ghost' ever haunted him, sleeping or waking, the awful crime of which his soul stood guilty was like a second self, clinging close as his skin, urg ing him forever into the Lethe 'of riot and dis. sipation. He only lived to forget, to get rid for.awhile of himself; and the pity of it all was, that under the crust of vice that was.on it, there was a true, manly, noble solf, full. of generous impulses, capable of heroic achieve ments, worthy of good. men's honor and affeetionate.regard; but indeed it was true, he had buried it all very deep, so that men went on remembdring his crime, after they should have forgiven and forgotten the actors in it. While the men whom he had known in that old, happier time placed a gulf, impossible to bridge over, between him and them, it was curious that women and little childron,:with their pure, unerring instincts, came -close to and loved the man. It might have. been partly his genuine, hearty manner,.or:,his superb beauty, alive and magnetic with health and strength, or his free thought and free speech that beguiled them and won. their hearts; but whatever it was women and chil dren had been very tender of his faults and' loving of Luke Connor. . . As he walked beside, Margaret Daunton, from theo, beach to the farm.house,,his in-; oetincts telling him how. pure. and entle a' woman she was, his sense showing him how beautiful and intelligent shewas, he folt;as he had never done before; his crimo weighed heavily upon him, and- he 'knew.with.deadly certainty that the onco.sweet waters :of,lif .that ho had muddied,. h mustdrink tothe' end; that a-pure woman, saintly.in'thought and deed, was.not for. him to gather,to his, breast. Other men, with clean hands:and un sullied name, might strive to win, and some ,one marry her; .but he alone 'was.ehut ,ut, and under the ban... , , ? :In that same hour, if tho old Argo, lying a sunken,. worthless wreck ,in the. river ,there, could .have been madoe seaworthy again,' he Would have plunged once more into, the' breakers..with her, no matter how! the bar threatened, nor what, storms .,prdvailedr or' winds blow.., Better the sudden death out yonder, thani to live to bear this girl'a,.re-' prosbh. "It was not that she had alreadybe come essential to him, but it was naturar that "a man out:off fromn white bread for. many oiig years, should loathe the black loaf, for ever hold, to hisr lips, and hunger for,the' other; or that a barefooted beggar, passing 'the boundaries of a fair domain, should pause for, a while to behold how fair it was, and then to wish that the' title, to ,it should be made clear to him and his heirs forever; especially natural would it seem it the bog gar's tastes fitted him to enjoy such'an estate. He, Luke Connor, was the man who. had eaten only of the black bread of 'bought, vicious pleasures, whose nature cried out hun grily for bettor food; he was'the barefooted beggar, gazing over the wall of a.beautiful domain, whose fruitful acres stretched away to. tho sea' and sky-line-a wall.which he might never cross, lest the cry of the keeper be raised \against him, and he: bo hunted down,' He felt that he' was not a man whilehe could not say to.this girl's mlther, '.Give me your child, for Ilovehoer.!' Other.mn might go to her, telling the reverential love. they oelt, but he never might. . "' f could. never do that; hins hands were bloody; and if it were right for the State, or Justice, to take life at all, he had.no right, to his' lifo even. It had been saved, and the State, or Justice, cheated out of it by a quib ble, a lawyer's shrewd eloquence, or the whim of a.soft-hearted jury; so he felt that he bore his'lifo even under a false pretence, and,that 'it had been forfeited long ago.., Yet, no -man loved .life ,bettorthan.he loved his.' It was sweet and good to him from the rising to the setting, of the sun;.aiad nq mn ?would have fought more, desperlitoly to'preserve it, ifa struggle came. But it could never, be a man's full life, heo thought, 'unless he might'love and marryi as other men could.' Ho knew tho danger'before him when itwas only an hour old,,but ho did not flee fromit... Letthe' surly; keeper cme,. he'said; but ho would flrst"sec the beautiful fields, 'the long, dim paths, the friendly shadows of (the' trees, i smell:th)i fragrance of the flowers and .hoar the songs of birds and plash' of fountains. ,Let the keeper como ; the beggar would have ,climbed the wall and seen wirith 'his own eyes how broad, and fair,the, landscape was, and as he "was turned out' again to. wander over. the rough highways, eatiqg his black bread, what he had seen and heard would be a pleas-: dnt',and happy memory to him forever. So,. Lulio,Connor resolved to linger for a day or two, with the beautiful woman, under the old: wrecking-master's roof, and then he would go baok to the love that could be bought and pleasures that bury self ant bring forgetful ness. 'But he never would forgot, that he had seen .Margaret:Daunton, and that, for a: day or two,,he had, stood up before her, oac counted worthy of her regard and honor. But he did not go after a day or two, nor yet aftoermany days, He, too, after long, rough:years, sat down by the sweet waters and ate of the blissful lotus, which brought dreaniful ease and forgetfulness of crime and. trouble. He sont to town to have his horses brought down,' he discarded his sailor's suit, and robed himself bravel', as a man does who wishes to appear at his best in the eyes of the woman he loves. The story of that old farm-house was ro poating itself at every, watering- place, large and small, along the whole Atlantic coast, and at every summer retreat in mountain or valley. The old, old story, forever beautiful and neow, of two people of opposite sox, coming directly to believe that "all for love, and the world well lost" is the only true religion. Margaret Daunton and Luke Con nor had learned that faith on the sands, that day by the sea, I think; but then they only qaw, as in a glass, darkly; and now, after these many days of rides and walks and sun set wanderings they would have died at the stake for it, bravely as any bigot of the olden time for his higher creed. This was all very bad for the grave old Professor indeed. He had made n terrible mistake of it. If he had only, in those o1d days at home, been less blind, less devoted to his stupid books, less interested in his Greek poetry and College duties; if he had only lored his Hellenic heroines less, and cared more for the beautiful, loving girl whom his stupid affection called sister I But he had booeen so secure in hisposasession of the yellow-haired little girl thalt he had been in no hurry to fall in love with and marry her. There, at home, his dear old mother played house-dog, keeping watch and ward at the gate, driving all poachers away; but hero, in this summeb holiday, cams this barefooted beggar, Luke Connor, claiming the fair domain, and making out a good title to it, too. (To be continued.) 