storting notes. ELSTERNWICK PARK RACES, Tho Victorian Trotting Club wore favored with splendid weather for their meeting on Saturday nftcnioon, and a largo number of visitors than usual patronised tho club's pretty course at El- sternwick Park. A considorablo number went down by tho special train from Flinders-street, . 1 he arrangements in every way were very good, and there is no doubt that thoso meetings, as they are becoming better known, are also grow ing more popniar. Tho trotting events, howovor are still considered by tho visitors to be tbo most uninteresting on tho programme. When the members of tho club decided to introduoo flat and hurdle races they certainly took a stop in tho right direction to popularise their meetings ; but tuoy should not .trust to these races alono to attract visitors. Tho ..club having been established professedly to encourngo trotting, they should endeavor to render tho events of this class as interesting as possible. When compared with tho other raoe3 on Saturday tho trots were very tamo. An extremely pleasant aftnrnnnn however, was spent. Tlio Bavarian band was on- the gronnd, and played a number of soleotions during the afternoon. The first event on the pro' gramme was tho Maiden Trot, for which Dick Goldsbrongh was thought to boa gogd thing. The race resulted in a win fortlie most unlikely look-, tng horse of tbo lot, Australia, who trotted in very good stylo, Wasp boing second, and tho- tavorito third. The Pnrao of 30 sovs. brought out four starters, and was won by Tovioi, nothing fclse being ablo to get near bira. Talk and Maid of Mona wore distanced in tlio. Bret beat, and in. tho second Littlo Dick seemed scarcely to try. His driver was brought before tho stewards and cautioned, as his not attempting to ovorhaul loviot in tbo i second boat aroused suspicions, ohopherd, tbo driver of the winner,- was- fined- £2 for delaying tbo start in tho first host. Tho next event was the Selling Race, for which six horses carao out. Pirato was the tavorito, but got beaten by a neck by Queen Elizabeth after an excellent finish, Hunter being oniy a head behind. Kanaka got away at tho start sovcral lengths in front of tlio other horses, but finished last, puiling up very lame. Seven youngsters started for tho Two- year-old Handi cap, which was won in good style by Amelia Vic toria after a fine finish with Frou Frou. A good field of 13 horses stripped for tho Victorian Trot ting Clubs Handicap, Wizard nnd Stationer being most fancied. The latter took a foremost position on the fall of the flag, and eventually Bucceedod in winning, easily, with Coorcena second and Chevy Chaso third. Tho last event on tho programme was the Hurdle Race, which' resulted in a victory for Songster, Zanga boiua second and Njgger third; Maid of the Valeani Stonnbird destroying their chances by blnndor- ijig. iho following are tho details ,of the racing;— , , . . " Maiden- purao of 25 sovs. and sweepstakes of 1 borie.eaCTwomtles.rt0ra' Swcspstoke3 t0 "">»«coaq ))' " Dunstan's li c Australia! aved ' . rMilu>„,v i w. Bland's rn m Wisp, aged .. ..(Albaueli) 5 j'v!S?.".ci 1 BDickOoidsbrougb.agodCUrimwood) 3 J. slalone s br m bnittire, used . . . roiviieri o P. J. Roddy vis b g HappylPack, aged .. (Owriev) O to' ! 4 0,1 u.!cl! Ccldsbrough, d to 4 agalost o , i i .. .? „ aKalnBt Australia. The horses were dl-i? fi os?i"' atk01?p?' Wasl) Sltinn tho best of It, Dick being next to her and llappv Snf''i. Rounding the ' turn Australia passed WM lVn.n m ii0n£ t,h,e,1'aak of 'be course tho order , UoIdsbrough, Australia, Happy i! 1 j . i e t,vo latter being apparently out- Fnm tho Atvi'? t?r" Dj " Go'dabrougli broke. Coming i!?a ni .lA a\i PtsritS the stand Wasp stilt #hl' a fou;- und Australia being close up in the order named, fliese positions wore maintained until nenrtng the half mile post, when Dick Ootdsbrough broke and Australia assumed second place. He. how- fnT' brobo ivhou attempting to deprive Wasp of the cad. Coming into the straight Pick Guldsbrouch broke once more, leaving the finish to be decided be tween Wasp and Australia, the latter passing W'asn and winning cleverly by two longtbs, Dick Colds- trough finishing third, tlie two otbers being nowhere, mue, c mm. 1 see. P.L'RSE Of SO sovs. for 2,55 Class, added to a sween. fimn'i n 80VS' caclj !?r etartera' winner, the purscj second, sweepstakes. Mile heats ; best two In ,3 not, Y"ond beat shall bo eli- fflbJe to start for third. I CMJIxoii s'b m MoRUii Menu, aged Timing V.1„asainst Toviot, 5 to 2 ngotnst dolav ?h» h : A,t0r '"10 U8Ual vexatious doloy the horses were sent off to an indifferent Vert, Toviot gotting away best, and aftor a short contest with Little Dick assuming , a Btrong lead which he maintained to the tinlsli. T alk broko irn-' UnmH Poh ir h,ta,rtlD|?' aod al3 At the turn. back- of tlie course Little Dick was nearest tho grey, Maid of Moua and Talk boing together a ritS W?J tei i evl<" camo home in grand style, Little Dick breaking badly in making an effort to -o up to turn. These were the only two placed — Alaid of Monaaiid Talk being distanced. Time, 2 miu.-451 sec. Second Heat : Teriot and Littlo Dick, too oulv conipetilont leit In, were despatched to an oven start immediately alter ivhtcli Littlo Dick apparently mode . 'im ,.1 f 8C' th lead, but could not succeed. ' Jfo hi. "a he, turn' showing Teriot to Increase «' ho pleased; Littlo Dick lust follonbiv , f making any further effort. Toviot winnmg in the mostholiow fashion. Time, 2 into" SOf Sellixq.Race, of 50 sovs. Fivefnrlongs. i - J'£arpej'a br,',i2ueSn R'lYobelh, by King of tho Ring, 3yrs. (d2aj, 0 st. 10 lb, .. fMusL-rovel 1 T. Coffey's b g Pirate, aged (£25), 7 st. 8 lb. . . W, Langiey's bib h Hunter, 4 j-'rs. (ntl"" 2 E. Weeks's blk g Kanaka, u'j-rj. (£100),' 0 sfod" b? ' M. Griffin's blk h W'estbury/o yrs. (nil),"? sti'iflb. M. P. Whitty's i> c liunois,- 3 yrs. (nil), 0 st? Olta .f .. (Moran) 0 w.S ."8; ?,' 4 against Pirate, 6 to 2 Queen Eliza- bstli, 3 to 1 Hunter, o to 1 each Kanaka and Westbury . The flag fell to an indlffereutstart,' Kanaka getting two or three lengths the best of it, whilo Queen Elizabeth ' IbvL' Kanaka led uuttl rounding the turn ' when l.TIIf. C i sd him, and in company with Hunter1 j ver.r !i 8 . fierB uet'u EHtabot.li camo \ery fast .on tlio outside, and a splendid finish be tween the threo took place, resulting in tho Ally's ' 'J "rate Just boating Hunter forsecond place, vtcstoury being founh and'Dunois fiftli. Time I 1 rulu, CJ sod Tho winner was bought In for £37. 'I Two-tkar- ofiD Haxdicav, of40sot;s. Flyo furlongs. L. L. Smitli's br f Amelia Victoria, S st... (O'Brien) 1- 1 J. Harper's b f trnu trim, 6 at. 10 lb. ..(llusL'rav»i o I b ?|1>'t,1'' alt. 10 lb' " (Sanders) 3 S. Millers eh e Houetoun, S St. ... Vijurtoni n I J. Huht ns b c I Jill Talk, 7 8L. 4 lb. (Opioj o J- Evans's b e Merlin, 7 si. 2 Jb. J . . . ra'alt.'ri n A, F, iinulshaw's ch c Yellow Hainmer, 6 st. 12Jb, I C.CIarkVb oTlie King's Son, OsL 12 lb/ Kifbyj o I S. G. Look's Nymph, 6 st. 101b. .. (Wood) 0 I Hotting: 3 to 1 against The King's Son, 7 to 2'Hone. I touii, 4 IQ l each Amelia Victoria and Frou Frou I Only a midalingatortwaseffecled. tho first to show to the front hmug Amelia Victoria and Hopotoun. while I Merlin and 1 ellow Hammer were about too worst off, I Tlie iiorse? remu at a rattling pace -round too turn ' I Frou Frou showing to' tbe front" as they turned into I the straight, Amelia ' \ lctnrla; however, was nni. in fix I DeatoD off, and rv CRpital rued down tbo straight ensued between toe two fillies, Amelia Victoria winning by a neck from Frou Fron, Plato being third and Nymph fourth. Time, 1 tain. Si see. - V.T.C. Handicap, of 60 sova One'milo. \V. pmglcy's br h Stationer, 4 yrs.. 7 st. t'Drowni i S. Miller's b m Cooreona, 4 yrs., 8 st. 2 lb. (Burton)' st U. Connolly s ch g Chlvey Chase, 4 yrs., 7 ft. 5 (to r T. Joncs'V eh or rn h'xhc Gbost.'s 3 E. V.'eoks|s b c Transferred, ,3 yn., 9 st. iib./OarS 8 J. latterson s ch g \Visiivd, 5 jts., S st, 7 lb. J. j3. Robertson'i br m BouquctVaged'/fatffi? H. Yeeijii'3 br h Eaiilirixar, 0 yrs!, J- G. licywood's : b rn JtL'bccca, C yrjE; Sst!. S. Miller's blk' 01 c.intaia.' 4' yVs.; j f V «»«, 'Wd>«t. s'lb. (Wllfiamsbuj 0 i . Mdrason sbp Guimfs Chconogrnph, 4 yn., 7 sc. H, Uaineg'j b m liudnda, ocd, C I .. ..(Swallow) 0 BetUnjf ; 4 to 1 oschtilnst Wzaril and Stationer o to 1 Coretna, O to 1 Pirate, 7 to 1 Ghost, lo'to i I Lacinda As soon M the flay fell Coruen oi the f rt« I Bide, la eompaux- with Stationer, weroflrat distiriEroleh.' able in front, Corscna lecdlny round the turn. Thesa two hold the leadinir jiOaltionB all tho wuv round htatiouer showinjr In front us tbey rounded tho turn I towards- the Piralyht, Gaunt's Chronograph behur last, a lony way behind. Coming down the straight I bUitloner, Cortenu und CUivtv- Chaw wero tho first I Uirce, and finished in the order jriven, tho winner I bciD>f throe lengths ahead of Cureeua. Time, x lain. I Handicap Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs. On© mile and I three quarters. I A. F. Sullivan's b g Songster, 5 yrs., lOat. 4 Jb. G. Glasscock's b y Zanffd, 5 yrj., 1 J 'it ri!nwJ,lli "V!88'iv ad" ,S' - " (IV(Reid) 3 3 !b S Hurruinbon, 5 yrs., 10 st. J. G. Keid's ch m Maid of the Vale, 4 jtj.9 et. T J M..J.nardima bor'rniii'BIue'Bell, 6 y'rifo's Ik Batty's b g Ktonnbird;. "aged, 9 bl. ...(VVottj 0| Dotting : 0 to 4 against Songster, 6 to 2 Nigger, 8 to I i well together, Stonn. bird, Nigger aud Blue I Bell .occupying the u.ost nro- I R'?,08. Murrumbong upil Maid ottho Valo I betog boliind. The latter struck tbo'buidib -at the turn towards tho strnlghV getting' rid of her rider : Blue Bell was at the head of affairs coming down tho straight withStonnblrd, Nigger sud Zanga In cloud proximity. Storinblrd blundered over the hunllc a8 tho turn, spoiling Ids chance. Going along tho back' or thfc eourso Zancn led, Nigger being second, Songster also occupying a good position, Mumimbong being last. Songster wont to the front rounding tho turn towards the straight, beating Zanea easily In tho run home, Nigger being next, with StortnUrd fourth, IJIueliell flfth, and Murrumbong. Time, 8 mln. 28 