\- TAZIN'S "CHOICE. By E3sM STUAr. CHAPTER III. Three days passed; and. Tamzin had not seen either of her lovers John was busy at Port Isaac, and Pascho was not likelytoseek her out since the news had spread in the vil lage that Tamzin Richards had at last made up her mind, and that JohnKernick was the successful man. What made it harder for Pascho to bear was the fact that the neighbors put a tone of gentle pity into their conversation, trying so to sugar the bitter pill, but not succeeding very well. He remembered the vision of the Dead Hand. A h! that had brought him ill luck. -Men said it was the hand of a miner who had committed suicide, and for a moment there came a temptation from the derr: to follow this example, bat Pascho shook his big shoulders, as if to cast out the thought, and said to himself : "I'll be a man, anyhow, and bear it like a man. After all, if- Tamzin can be happier with him, it's best as it is." On the Sunday, however, he met Tamzin at church. His seat there was just behind hers, and the girl never heard a word of the service from the time she'was aware of his presence. Coming out he joined heras usual, and Tamcin felt thankful that John was safe at Port Isaac. Tam?an's heart had been very heavy since that Wednesday night, but she was too proud to show it. " Good morning, Pascho," she said plea. santly. "Good morning, Tamins-I hope you were none the worse for the storm we had. I hear the sailors talk of bad weather still to come." The rest of the small congregation had dis. persed before they spoke again, and then it was Tamrin who broke the silence. " Won't you wish me joy, Pascho?" she said, in a low voice-she wanted Pascho's re proaches over. "Ay, that I do. Tamzin; you're not going to doubt that? Id rather you was happy than myself. But I will not deny that it's a sore trial." "I never promised you nothing, Pascho." "There's none that blames you, Tamzin, least of all myself. I know I'm not worthy of you. You're not like the common run o' women, while there's nothing but what's very ordinary about me; but all the same I would have loved you with no common love, Tam zin. There, I shouldn't speak so, I know; but a man can't change his heart, and mine has grown and gown every year a bit bigger for love of you. "Oh, Pascho, don't talk like that," said Tamzin, in a miserable tone. "I couldn't help it." " Well, we won't talk of it, then, Tamzin, but you just understand that I wishes you all the joy a woman can have with a true man, and that's a deep kind o' joy-as deep as one of our quarries, as far as Pm a judge. Just to prove is to you, my dear, I'l do my best not to envy John Kernick. His vessel is coming to our quarry on Tuesday night if it's fine weather; but he'll take up his full load round Travenna Port. Im going in his boat round the point and into Travenna, for the master says that he does not know a better hand at loading than myself on the works. Tamzn was seized with a nervous dread. Suppose the :wo men should come to words, suppose they should fight about her; she would never forcive herself if kind, gentle Pascho was hurt all along of her. John was such a hasty-tempered man, and not to be crossed, as she knew. Even now Tamnon felt her power over the man who had been faith ful to her so long. " Pascho, Pascho," she said, " promise me one thine-that you'll have no words about me with John." Pascho laughed, a bitter laugh for such a gentle man. "?You needn't fret yourself about that, Tamzin. John's yours now, and I shan't lay a finger on him, you can guess that without my promise-" And with this Tamtin had to be content, only when she parted from the quarryman she went and shut herself up in her room and robbed bitterly. "Oh. Pascho, poor Pascho I if you would but forget me; but I know you won't." - On the Tuesday the weather was calm enough, and the slate loading was aeeom plished from the quarry overhanging the sea without any very great dificulty. Pascho Page worked with a will, but every now and then he and the other men who were helping John Kernick on the vessel glanced at the sky and pointed out to each other certainin dication, of rough weather, saying there was mischief brewing. John saw them, too, but he would not heed them; he was bent on putting into Treveuna Port, and seeing Tamin as he had promised. " Tue weather will hold out till to-morrow, and we can run her in before 12 o'clock to. night and load her," he said confidently. " We'll sail her round the point as soon as this job's over. Toere's grog waiting for you up Trevenna. boys, so work away." John did not know that Pascho was to be the man to accompany him; he had bar gained for a quarryman to help him load his boat, and when the work was very nearly finished, he was by no means pleased to find the big Cornishman coming on board his vessel. " Are you the chap that's going to help us, Pascho Fuge i" he said, sultkily. "Yes, cp'en, the master sent me," was the straightforward answer, which there was no gatuesying. "You're not much of a hand with a ressel, I reckon," said John, contemptuously; "it wants a deal of pluck and sharpness." "I've been a quarryman most all my life. still I'm not quite ignorant about a boat," replied Paseho. "It wants a good head in our quarry, and a good head in one plaoe is a good head in another." "There's a nat)- breez getting op," said John. crosaly; "we'd beater get-her wel not from among these rocks and lie to till it's time to ron her into port Heare-h.o, tjis wonderful in howhabort atimea storm rises on that cost. It tates but little wind to laush thse seldom peacefal wavesa into fury as they dash argainst the rocks-.. - Tasniin could not stay quietly indoors this evening, as tho'wind rose oftly at first, then getting higher and higher till, as on the i-b?t of her engagement, it howled likedemonsle loose. John's boat was tocome'in with the tide, and Pasho was in her. How would they weather the storm, and would Pa.cho "k proil tobed till r've news of them," Ssaid Tann, decidedly, to her parents. It's going to be an awful night, sd how will ~they get into any harbor! It were late fore they put ofirosm West Delele" ." Mrs. Richards answered: " It'a notfit toCr you to sit aouS. Tamiui, hbt if , ou like yo may get Sally Rogers to come and stop with you. I'm t going to stay unp I can tell yo. I feels my rhenma him coming on. - . So Widow Reersea cle in when the old peope retiedal to bed; nt that they had any real fears about Tamin-she ould take care Sof herself as well as inywoman for miles Sround, betit was well to think whnat people TheyU evrrv to lru herr in tsnght.", said Sally Rogers iban she istepped in She was quite a yotg woman, and a friend of Tamzin's. The "lier"'was John Kernick's boat, and of course the widow took a special interest in Tamnin's "young man," having quite veered off from poor Pasaho. \- "John's very fearless" snswered Tamain; looking out anxiously at the drivingclouds which swept rapidly across the moon. "If any.man can save.his vessel he's the one to do it-but there's Pasche on. board with him." ,;, "And what of thatdo you expect broken heads, Tamain 2 Faith, a man soon gets over a girl's leaving him; he'll expect better luck elsewhere,". But Tamnin knew Pascho too well to ex pect him to get over it as easily as that. "Come, shut the door," at length said the Widow Pogers, "and let's sit over the fire and chat.? But though Tamzin shut the door and came into the inner room with her friend, raking up the embers and setting a chair for her, she herself could not sit still, but walked slowly along the length of the two rooms in a fever of expectation. " You don't think harm will come to them, Sally?" she asked, though Sally, of course, could know no better than herself. "Harm I what harm can come to them? They'll keep off the rocks and run into Pad stow Port right enough, never fear." "But Ive heard John say how hard it is to keep off Trevenna Rocks when the windis dead agenyou." "How you do go on about your John, Tamnin I I never was so mindfal of my poor Jacob, that's gooe,- afore I married hiss, and to tell you the real truth, I got to love him a great deal better after we were married." "That's not like me," said Tamzin quickly, standing up in all her height and beauty. while her cheeks flushed suddenly. "If I didn't feel all the lore afore, I should just get to hate and fear a man afterwards.. A woman's but a very poor slave at best; and it wants a great deal of love to balance the trouble." "It's just woman's lot to slave for the men, and it ain't so bad, Tamain, when you get used to it; it's better than being pointed at as a girl unmated." . Tamzn shrugged her sboulders. Such weak sentiment met with no response in her breast; love might master her, but not this folly. Suddenly borne along by the wind there came a distant noise, as if from the port. "Lord a' mercy l" cried Sally, "what's that! rIm sure it's Tregeagle at his tricks agin." Tamzin shuddered. "No, it ain't, Sally, it's a-shouting down the port way." Before many minutes a rush of footsteps past the door settled the question, as along the village street came the cry, "A vessel on the rocks !" " Sally, it's John Kernick's boat-I know it is; something told me as there was mis. chief to come to-night. I must go down to the port." "It's no place for a woman, girl: there'll be no standing down there ag this wind. Give it up-it'll soon end either one way or the other." "Look here, Sally," said Tamzin, not heeding her words, "you may stay here and keep a good fire up and get blankets ready -you know what's wanted at these times -and ll go down to the port. Give me my jacket and hood, and don't let them know upstairs." uothing on earth could have kept Tamin back-all her spirit was up. She was no longer a weak girl, hut a strong, determined woman, whose whole life was in that boat, and yet her thoughts were : "John Kernick's safe enough; he chn take care of hieself in any sea, but he'll leave poor Pascho,and therell be no one knows Pascho's aboard but me. I must go." In a few moments she had prepared her self for the wind in a tight jacket and close hood, and opening the door she found herself out in a fierce storm of wind with occasional dashes of pelting rain though the moon shone through the clouds at intervals, so that at times the surrounding objects were plain enough. All the men in the village were astir; the newsran like wildfire that a vessel had gone on the rocks, and as they hurried down the precipians yathway they conjectured where she was. "She's sure to have foondieed on the Is land Bock," said oe. - " No, on Barras esne," said another. "It'll go hard with her;whatever it be," aid athird. "Why, here'aTamain. Lord girl it's not a night for you to be out'; go back-go bck I -. , . . " I must come-I will come !" cried Tam in, hurrying on; " nothing hrts. me, and maybe its my friends aboard." Nimble feet ona fine dap might make ten minutes' work of getting down to the port, but to-night the wind was so strong that it was a hard: matter for a woman to stand against it as it whirled up the narrow alley, seemingly bent on the destruction of every thing that came in its way. But Tamain thought of nothing but the end of her jour ney; she did not heed the loose stones that lay in her path, or the rain that now and again splashed her face. As she approached the rocky landing-place, the scene tht pre sented itself was indeed one of confusion. The narrow ledge was crowded with men. all vainly trying to throw ropes to the ship across an awful chasm of boiling wares For the vessel was not, as was naturally expected, stranded at the entrance of the port, but in the port itself on arock that rises in the centre of the small core, and on the summit of which a large wooden stake was fixed, as a warning at high tide. It was sndeed John Kernick's boat; with wonderful skill be had rounded the point, but by that time even he had seen that in the face of such a storm as was now rising, his only chance of safety was to make for Padstow Harbor; but it was too late-the wind was dead against him, and he was, in spite of all his efforts, driven back again round Trevenna Head into the surging, angry waves that dashed with a roar like thander into the caves at the foot of the island, and raged right up to the landing stage, sending the foam and spray far above orer the diffs. , A sudden gust of wind drove theressel right into the tiny port and against the dan. geroasrock we have mentioned, on which it now remained fast, washed from stemn to stern by the breskers. Not one of the crowd of sailors present ex-r pected for a moment to save the vessel-all were only anxious forthelives of the femen n board, but these were just bend reach. and at present all their efforts were being directed towarda flinging a rape across the bo-eill chasm of water that separated .their friends from safety The mo?bnst forth udden y as Tamzin pushed her way on to the hnding-place and beheld the foeamng se below her, while just opposite was John Kerick's reasel, looing as of each wave must make an end ofit, and send its plankst drifting asunder. \- "Try again, mates,'"said aTrevenna man. once moae hurling with all his might astrong roip weighedat the end across the gulf; bhut both wind and wave were aginst him, and it fell abort. "Save them-you must sare them " cried asmsin; and though her rvoice ws drowned in the stars, the men about her saw her dl trs and pitied her. One or two women now joined the group, and among them Pascho's sister, who had only just heard of the danger her brother was in. The girl wrung her hands us she saw tshe awful situation f the vessel, and, hardly knowing what she did, seized hold of Tamuin. The latter turned her beantiful face towards her, and mur mured: "They must-yes, they must save them!" But the woman recoiled : "Save them I Ay, Tamzin, you may well say that-you that have nearly been the death'of him; with your-cruel heart; there's notanother like Pascho in all the country rodnd, 'buthe ain't the same man since you jilted him." Tiiinninid no timeto ansiiwer, for sid denly there was a shoot, or rather a groan from all present as & huge wave swept over the vessel and broke her up as if she had been touchwood. But the tide was still all in favor of the sailors, and happily the moon was yet brilliant. "Ropes, ropes 1" cried the men. "Now' the time, mates; if they can keep afloat five minutes, we'Ll save them." And there, sure enough, was one dark figure rising on the crest of a wave and evi. dently.clinging to a plank. It was easy now to throw the, rope, and what a ahout of joy arose when it was seized, and how willing were the hands that hauled up the man who clung toit! "Saved !" It was John Kernick who stood there among them, apparentlylittle the worse for his ducking. "John-John Kernick l" cried Tamzin, seizing him. "" Where's Pascho! He can't swim like you; save him-do." There was a muttered oath as John dashed away the salt water from his hair. The sail ors had closed in again near the edge. Another head had appeared- another effort was being made to save life. No one noticed Tamzin and John.. " Is that the way you greet me. Tamzin, with your. very first words given to Pascho Fuge 1" •"Nay; thank God, you're saved-but, oh, John Ah most not die." And Tamzin franti cally tried again to edge herself in among the men, who were hoisting up another fellow. creature. It was one of the sailors, and he, too, was received with a shout, as he, like his captain, seemed none the worse for his immersion. At-the same moment another man was literally flung on the steps leading to the beach, and was only just rescued before a wave seized him; but be, poor fel low, was stounned, and one arm hung broken by his side. Several volunteers at once bore him away to the village, which was no small act of charity on their part, considering that the excitement at the port was at its height. "Pascho-Pascho!" shrieked his sister. . "You most save him !", echoed Tamzin, who had now straggled to the edge of the crowd, while John Kernick kept close by her side, his face lowering with an angry, venge ful look. "There's another !" they cried. "A rope, a rope I" Battling, struggling, clinging.to a mast, there, indeed, was another. It would have been impossible to recognise him had it not been for his light reddish hair. Yes, it must be Pascho; and Tamzin stretched out her arms towards the man whom she had wronged, as if she mast be the one to rescue him. "Save him!" she cried. "He must not die!" " You didn't take on so about me, Tam zin," said John Kernick, angrily, as other hands, not his, flung a rope into the seething water. This unworthy jealousy exhibited at such a moment suddenly angered Tamzin her soul rebelled against it. She did not know that John had spoken hard words to Pascho, and that there was ill-blood between them, though the miner had been true to his promise of keeping the peace. The drowning man seized the rope. '" Hold fast ! they cried, for a tremendous wave was driving in, and would certainly en gulf him beforethey could pull him up. It passed and spent itself against therocky wall, and then all hands at once hoisted the rope. This required great care, for Pascho could give but little help on his side; he had been longer fighting for life, and was more ex hausted than the other two. "Thank God!" exclaimed Tamzin, with a sob in her voice, as they drew him to the foot of the ledge, and now began palling him up. A terrible overwhelming feeling of jealousy s?ddenly seized John Kernick. He had been so proud of having won Tamzin, so elated over his superior powers of fascination, that now the devil seemed to take posses sion of his soul when he heard her voice saying, "Thank God!" with that little sob of relief in it, for John wa close to her side, and, without Tamzin knowing it, he seized her waist. Suddenly he loosened his hold, drew out his casp- kife, and opening it, npereeired, by the crowd he stooped down and slashed at the rope, cutting it half through. Quickly it began to unwind, and heavier grew the weight it had to bear. In another second the so-called accident was discovered. "The rope's cut agen the rocks !" cried the men in consternation. " Holdon a min ate, Plaeho Fge ! Pall gently, boys. and heave him another rope. Its all up with him if he falls." At these words John Kernick's strong head reeled; he slunk out of the place he had made for himself, and once more was by Tam sin's side. She was trying to see what was going on, trying to hear the shout of rescue, when suddenly her wrist was again seized by her lover. " Listen, Tamzin !" said John. in a terrible voice. ' Do you bear me, girl? The rope's cut, and I did it ! There's no hope for him now." Tamzin gave a little shriek, drowned, it is true, by the noise around her, and wrenched away her hand. " You've killed him, John Kernick Let me go! I must save him, or die with him !" John held her bsek by main force. " Hark, girl! it's too late: the rope's snap ped. Curse me if you can !" True, enough, a groan of disappointment and despair burst from the crowd, and some one near Tamin said : "Pascho Fge is lost. The rope's cat, and he's fallen back into the sea. God have mercy on him! He was most nigh spent just Tamri gazed wildly at John. "You're murdered him. John Kernick !" she exclaimed. "L?are me go! How dare you touch me? I never want to see you again!" Heaven help the man thus seirzed with the terrible demon of jealousy! Heaven help Ihim, indeed, when, having satisfied the feel ingof revenge, be finds the fearful flood of remorse let n to drown his soul! John Kernick dashed away T3asI's hand when he had led her from the edge of the rock, and then, flinging himself up the slippery pah lesding over the hill, disappeared from S a few seconds the girl darted sler him, then paused and tried to remember where she was. At last, moaningand shiver. g like a child that has been hurt, she hur ried along up the road to the villag-e ad to her home. John had said so, and she knew it, too Parcho could not anrrive another immersion in that awful sea. What had she heard?! Had John Kerick spoken rightly! Had he cut the rope that was Pas?cho's safety! Tamin shudderedal, hbat at that moment she made up her mind iterocably-t-hat nothing should ever draw the awful secret from her lios. John seemed suddenly dead to her, aI?d who would think of accsing a deadman of murder? Was he not alre?ay before his Judge! er tottering steps could make bet litlle war, and in cre minutes she had ascom plished bat a third of the distance. Still the wind.howle4d; and·still it boe to her ears the shouts from the pert. Then she heard behind her the sound of seveal footsteps hurrying in the same directiod as herself. Even before she looked round ia knew what it was, and shrank back undd the cover of a projecting rock which ove .dowed the path. Then in silence four m passed her, beaing between them a bod decently co vered with a sail "Tell me, is he dead?" she il, hurriedly; coming out from her shelteriLd touching one of the men with hehanl,' The men started, for they h1Anot noticed her. "Ay, ay,,he's dead, poorfello there was no living any longer in that sea4 "Yes, he mid so, and itis e," mor mared Tamzin ; but the men ha passed on, walking swiftly and steadily wih their bar den, and Tamxin followed morslowly and fancied she was going to the chi:hyard, and that she was P?scho's only motmr at the funeral. " But I did love you. Pascho,she said. to herself; "only I was vain and bolish. It was you as I cared for all alongaacho, my daar; I know it now it's too late Before she reached her odiome the corpse and its bearers had disapi , and when she knocked, and Sally Ro, all ex citement and eageres opened t door,she saw a different Tamzin to the who had gone out an hour or so before.. I " Don't you ask me, Sally. I coldn't talk of it just now; but I will yon one thing-there's many sore het iTrevenna I to-night, but none so sore as ne "John Kernick's dead, the "hspred Sally, awe-struck. | r " ay, nay, not John Keticc, but an- I other," and therenpon she li: her head on the table and seemed lost to arohnd her. Sall felht h Tazin had s omiethig I terrible; and though she longi to hear the I details she would not leaveier friend or tease her with questions, baifter awhile t got her upstairs and undreid her, and spoke simple comforting worito her-nay, I even lay down by her for fear it she should have "visions" of that didful scene, whatever it might have beef till at last, a when the storm abated, Tin Richards, t worn out mentally and fell into a 3 troubled sleep. . a The Treenna men. h ng pleted their 1 workof rescue, harried to thneas gain. n These scenes were of too freq~t occurrence I to cause a greit excitement; in Pacho's house there was no going to that night; and John Kernick, as he wtlknheedingy g over the high land that tsid the coast, i seemed, like Cain of old, todese elements. a Terrible is min's remorse, anb awful was n it to John Kernick that he cd not think s] of the lesser evil that had ce upon him, a though in a vague way he will the time b conscious of it. He bad kil his riral- tz aye, and by his own words tomzin he hid for ever lost all chance of here. Once he K passed by the slate quarries, had he not " nown every inch of the wayi might hare bh easily slipped over the black ý which bdr dered the path. For one ment Kernick thought he would end life ahis remorse by throwing himself down oof the black pits, but he dared not face ith and etir. nity with this burden on hishscience; no, even though he now and th half fancied that he himself was the Teagle whose be story he knew so well; surels sins would hb find him out, and the devil an his soul'if w he died that night, just as lhad claimed th Tregeagle's spirit at his deatt was morn- hi ing before the wretched mmrne back, as sh it were, to his right senses. Aiing around ta he saw that he was not so retarfrom Tre- be renna. An irresistible desirice more to see Tamzin possessed him; iwould again so hear from her lips her hatred him and of be his deed, and then he would.;e the coan- h try and go beyond the seas. I r Bat with the daylight canmr mbler feel- r ings, and the strong manho had not vi prayed for years, lifted up theart to God to and asked tant his pnishmenight be on p earth, and not in the after I f, as was i certainly the case, the Devil d that night tb fought for the soul of Johiernick. the fa man's good angel had foughIso and had of prevailed. so Almost spent with mised exertion, or John Kernick, footsore and t~ily hag-kV. a! stood before the Richards' coe that momr. w ing just as the familiar vll d sights ad 1a sounds were beginnin; to a'up, for ty in were early folk in Trevy depite night's excitement. Old ~s hi was opening his shuttersrbAat act as b suchinaplacewhere.tie notth _it nt of, and looking around he a'cn K :k standing by his aide. I "Welcome hack, my so soid the bld t man, nodding. 'Where allnight! h It was a bare chance for yester-ere, d they say. I've been seein of yourMn, h who told me all about it; me here look int for you." The ordinary tone didm n arestor. ing John's presence of min / "How's Tamzin ?" he rtry slowly, though he found it extrem hard to speak her name. "I heard Tamin a-comi wjust now; maybe she's in the back r Go i, my son; my old womans a-bed y with the rhemati so I'm the stay e house; but Sally Rogers gave us ah hand last night-a kind soul is Sall she's gone , home now." John Kernick did not half these i homely words; he only too that Tamin was in the back room alon Hewold go and see her, and then' fly f er fomTre venna. He walked slowly s the shop f and opened the innerdoo d there sat Tamrin by the window. h back to him. as?ing out with a terribly and altered ace on the tiny glimpse o distant ea which s there viible raging waves had calmed themselres; th were now but " white horses" sweeping tically in to wards the land. The cirl did not look roal John Ker nick sd, in a low voice: "Tam in ! He expected her to trn him as he well knewanangry woman do,and he meant to bear herreroac , bt instead of this Tansmn o wearily pt her hand upon his arm. "John Kernick, rIm gl yo're come. PIe been wanting to see st to sy noe thing. I acted wrong by vo ifyo nned -and that shall be be and me for ever-I, too, sinned terrihl Forive me, John. Lst niht I saw m as it was in rality. I have been and vain all ~ my life. Igave my would to anastoched my pride, bnt all the same red another -him as had been waiting me so lon; a him as-" fi Her oice altered, and i some time ereshe econtinued: "HimasIshallseein e JonKer niek, and for whom I mB till I di. Give me hack my word, J ; it as only brought evil on as both. ,ohn. I foi- O; lowed his e pse last nih a y vry beart semi togo .straht t his grae, and that's how t m inttao "There's no maid asi e a mr derer," said John, slowly, to lak hi up. "I never wed in th life. I cae a but to hid thee good-bhy, A f r tI g far beyond the sea. Y 11 etimes ;: "Hush " smid Tamrin. 'theils smen one talking in the shop. Gft.-tg JohJ o Kernick. I can't takeyoar h~ oot now, not yet; but mayhap some day, r an I old woman." " I S eithervf them noticed that dor was i qietly opened behind them; neither olli hem, or f econds, was thatany- t! one had mtered, till sddenly ame theworda: " o Clernick, I've not come to disturb ye, buyi jest to shake hands wi' ye. We m.ust 'i hale hard words again after last nrghtk. t Shake hands, man ! The Lord forbid and;I should have any bitter feel ing at, ' Tamrto paralyed,. for there before her wa ay, not Pascho, but his Sr , h hpd come to forgive John Ker nick, an1 her how to forgive. John, also,, eanch surprised to take the hand tr lost to him. ed tPar? you and not your ghost!" inbg h ltd "Pascho speak to mel I " ay, nnI was saved; 'twas the poor drowned. But had it been the I , I would fain have taken his place r my mother's sake. She and my e sore troubled when they brought well-nigh spent. But I'm that stromn l of a wetting is nothing to me." Paseho, Tamzin's hands clasped round his " uas warming up to his sub ecet. He It that even to see this look on her ewe he it was $uod he had lived. After all, a did care a bit for him, if not in Ihat way. u~le was hardly prepared for Tamzin-p amszin--bursting into tears, and saying .t. "Thank a thousand times, Pseeho, that you'reg ded. John Kernick, give him your tlI there'll never be any words betwixt yom,ýin." "God hel me, never," said John Ker nick, wri the quarryman's hand as'if hewould w it off. Pacho Fnge did not know-was r to know-what his life was to John Kerk for it brought a happiness far better azigher than his death would have done. " As there 4 forgiveness for the repentant thief on the ess, so surely is there for the contrite marer, or for the one whom God has saved frl the natural result of his own wickedness. - "Ay, ay, o Fuge, there'll nerver be any more ws betwixt us. Tamzin, let me tell him--do be afraid of me any more. Tamzin's fou out as it's you as she loves, and we're d between us as it's best so. If I have lo her, why, so have you, and more truly, to and may God forgive all our mistakes ! I' going now; but just tell me, Panho, how you saved!" "They wer. ing up the rope, when it got cut age tu rocks, and I fell back. I sire myself then for lost, as I was well. sigh spent, just by me ther dung down mother rope a loop in it God gave ne strength to p it round me, for I never should have the power to hold on to it; .md so they led me in much as if I had seen a log. B hat's this, Tamzin-it ain't ue, be it." "Ay, man, a true enough," said John .ernick, dashirn away a tear from his eye; 'and you're;vorthy of her, Pascho. God iass thee !"-Largmn's .a4a-?ncn e. 