The Storyteller. Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XL. BY GEORGE, MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; As the clock upon the schoolroom chimneypiece was striking the hour for lessons, Arctura entered, and, as if she had been a pupil from the first, sat down at the table with Davie. Donal set before her a copy of Euclid, and appointed her a task as he might any other pupil, and she began at once to learn it. After a while, so brief that Davic stared incredulous, she said, " If you please, Mr. Grant, I think I could be questioned upon it now;" and a very few moments sufficed to show Donal that she thoroughly understood what she had been learning. He set her then a little more, and so the afternoon went—much to the delight of Davic, who thought it delightful to have cousin Arkie fora fellow pupil. That suchlike intellectual occupation must greatly subserve Lady Arctura's health, both of Dody and mind, Doiml, before the afternoon was over, had not a doubt left. It was enough to see with what entire devotion she gave herself to the work set her; and he was glad at heart for her sake, believing that all knowledge helps to the know ing of God by one who already knows Him, inasmuch as there is nothing to be known but has its being in Him. But he could not help thinking also what a superior nature hers must bo, seeing that, after the strange and dreadful things she had been going through that very morning, she was yet able to work so calmly at matters of the mere intellect; not many women, and just as few men, he thought, would have been capable of it. School over, and Davie gone to his rabbits. " Mrs. Brookes invites us to take supper with her," said Lady Arctura. " I begged her to ask us. .So if you do not mind, Mr. Grant, you had better make a good tea, and we shall not have dinner to-day. You see I want to shorten the hours of the night as much as I can, and not go to bed till lam quite sleepy. You don't mind, do you?" " I am very glad, and you are very wise, ray lady," responded Donal. " I quite approve of the plan, and shall be delighted to spend as much of the night in Mrs. Brookes'* parlour as you please." " Don't you think we had better tell her all about it?" "As you judgo fit, my lady. The secret is in no sense mine; it is only yours, and the sooner it ceases to be a secret the better for all of us, I venture to think." " I have but one reason for delay," she re turned. "I need hardly tell you what that is!" " You would avoidjany risk of annoying your uncle, I presume ?" " Yes; I cannot quite tell how he might take it, but I know he would not like it. It is perhaps natural that a man like him should think of himself as having the first and real authority in the house, but there are many reasons why I should not give way to that." "There are indeed I" assented Donal " Still, I should be sorry to offend him more than I can help. If ho were a man like ray father, I should never dream of going Against his liking in anything; I should in fact leavo everything to him as long as he pleased to take interest in what was going on. But you know, being the man he is, that would be absurd. I must not, I dare not, let him mange my affairs for me much longer. I must understand for myself—for surely that was my father's design —now things are going with my tenants 1" " You will not, I hope, do anything without the advice, 1 should say the presence, of a lawyer," said Donal—" I mean in conference with your uncle!" " Do you say so ?' " I do indeed. I think it would be very un desirable. I fear I have less confidence in your uncle than you have!" Arctura made no reply, and Donal grew afraid she did not like his having ventured an opinion about her uncle: but the next moment she looked up with a sad smile, and said : " Well, poor man ! we must not begin com paring our opinions about him; he is ray fathePs brother after all, and I shall bo glad if I get through without offending him. But I know ray father would be far from satisfied if I left everything to him just as if he had not left everything to me. I cannot help thinking that if he had been another sort of man my father would have left the estate to him. I wonder they got on together so well as they Donal did not care to say what he thought about this—which was that very likely the earl had been cunning enough to present at least a modified character to his brother. He must have blinded him somehow; for how else could those things of which Mrs. Brookes had spoken to him have gone on in the house? while doubtless the state of the late earl's health had rendered the thing easier. At 9 o'clock they were in the housekeeper's room—a low-ceiled, but rather large room, lined almost all around with oak presses, which were Mrs. Brookes's delight, for she had more than usual nowadays of the old-fashioned housekeeper about her. She welcomed them as if she had been in her own house, and made an excellent hostess, presiding over a Scotch supper of minced coUops and mashed potatoes, to which she had added some splendid coffee, on the making of which she prided herself. Nor were her guests loth to partake of it, for neither of them had any desire to shorten their time together, or feared being kept awake. Upon the coffee waited scones of the true sort, just such as Donal's mother would occasionally make for the greatest kind of treat they ever had; and he thought it the nicest meal he had had since leaving home. Mrs. Brookes would have had him, after old, or at least time-honoured, custom, mix himself a glass of toddy, in which she would have liked to share in a modest fashion, but Donal would not; his mother was prevalent still; and for his own part he never liked his higher to be operated upon from his lower. He felt then as if possessed by a false or at least not quito real Helf, and, as I say, did not like it. But the root of his dislike lay in the teaching of his mother. Unlike not a few young men, and women too, he was proud to have learned this or that from his father or mother; it was to him a patent of nobility, a voucher that he was honourably descended ; of his birth he was as proud as any man. And this night, arising from his refusal to make himself a tumbler of toddy, the conversation took such * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "Donal Grant" has boon purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. a turn that, to Arctura's delight, he was led on to talk about his father and mother, and the surroundings of his childhood. He told her all about the life he had led ; how at one time he kept cattle in the fields, at another sheep on the mountain*; he told her how he had come to be sent to college, and then came all the story about Sir Arthur Gulbraith ; and the night wore on, and Arctura was en chanted. For himself Donal found it a greater pleasure than he had dared hope for to call back the history which already seemed so far bohind him ; for he found that he could more easily than he had expected leave cut the part concerning himself which he could not tell ; though it had seemed to him all his life latterly, and inextricabily mingled with that of his friends, ho found as he told that it was nowise necessary to the understanding of the rest. But indeed it surprised him to find also how calmly he could now contemplate what had seemed at one time to threaten an everlasting winter of the soul. Nor was the discovery a pain, as he certainly would have found it had it come of his ceasing to care for Lady Galbraith; she was his truest friend, whom he could trust with anything; tho dearest of sisters, whom ho would rather now, so true and lovely was the relation between them, have for a sister than for a wife. It was far tho better thing that she should be Gibbie's wife and Donal's sister. When they got to heaven, she would give him the kiss she had refused him down in the granite quarry. He had fallen into a brief brown study over these things, when all at once a sound of knock ing fell on his ear. He started. There was something in it that affected him strangely. Neither of his companions took any notice of it. Yet it was now past 1 o'clock. It was like a knocking, three or four times, with the knuckles of the hand against the other side of the wall of the room. "What can that be?" he said, listening for more. " Hard ye never that afore, Maister Grant"? said the housekeeper. "I hae grown sac used til' 't that my ears hardly tak notice o' 't!" " What is it?" asked Donal. " Ay, what is't ? Tell ye me that, gien ye can," she returned. "It fs jist a chappin', an' God's trowth that's a' I ken aboot the same! It comes, I believe I'm safe to say, ilka nicht; but I couldna tak ray aith upo' 't, 'cause I hae sac entirely ceased to pay attention til 't. There's queer things aboot raony an auld hoose, Mr. Grant, that'll tak the day o' judg ment to explain. But they cotnena nearer me nor the ither side o' tho wa', sac far as I ken ; an' sac lang as they keep to their am side o' that I dinna see that I need trible my heid aboot them. Mony nichts I couldna say I hard them at a'; yet I dinna doobt they hae been, a' the same. Efter the experience I had as a yoong lass, awa' doon in Englan' yon'er, at a place my auntie got me intil—for she kenned a heap o' grand fowk throu bein' her sel' sac near conneokit wi' them as hoosekeeper i' this same castel—efter that, I'm sayin, I wadna need to be that easy scaret!" "Do tell us about it," said Lady Arctura. " I don't think you ever told me." " No, my dear lady, I wad never hae thocht o' tellin' ye ony sic story, aao lang as ye was ower yoong no to be frightit at it, for 'deed I think they're rauckle to blame that tells bairns the varra things they're no fit to hear, an' sac the dreid gets fixt afore the sense comes. But I s' tell ye the noo, gin ye wad like to hear 't. It's maybe a some awsorae story, but there's something unco fulish like intil 't as weel. I canna say I think rauckle o' craturs that trible their heids aboot their heids—but that's tellin' aforehan'." Here the good woman paused thoughtfully. "I am longing to hear your story, Mrs Brookes," said Donal, thinking she waited for some encouragement. " I'm but thinkin' hoo to begin," she returned, " sac as to gie ye the richt haud o' the thing at ance—l'm thinkin' I canna do better nor jist tell 't as it cam to mysel'!—Weel, ye see, I was but a yoong lass, aboot—weel I micht hae been twenty or sac, mair or less—whan I gaed till the place I speak o'. It was awa' upo' the borders o' Wales, like as gien folk ower there i' Perth war doobtfu' whether sic or sic a place was i' the hielan's or lowlan's. The maister o' the hoose was a yoong man awa' upo' 's travels, I kenna whaur—some upo' the continent, but thar's a rauckle word; an' as he had the intention o' bein' awa' for some time to come, no carin' that muckle to settle doon an' luik efter his am, there was but ac gey auld woman to hoosekeep, an' me to help her, an' a man or twa aboot the place to luik efter the garden—an' that was a. The place was to let, an' was put intil the han's o' ane o' thae agents, as they ca' them, for that same purpose—to be let, that is, for a term o' years. Weel, ac day there cam a gentleman to luik at the place, an' he was sac weel pleased wit, as weel he micht, for, eh, it was a bonny place—aye lauchin' like, whaur this place is aye i' the sulks!—Na, no aye, I dinna mean that, ray lady, forgettin' 'at it's yours ! But ye maun own it taks a heap o' sunlicht to gar this auld hoose here luik anything but some dour —an' I begyer pardon, my lady." "You are quite right, Mistress Brookes!" said Arctura, with a smile. "If it were not for you in it, it would be dour, dour," But with that she cast a look at Donal, as much as to say, " I did not mean not to include you !" "You do not know how much—l don't believe Mistress Brookes herself knows how much—l owe to her, Mr. Grant! I must have gone out of my mind for very drearinesa if it had not been for her." " That 1 could easily imagine," said Donal; and Mrs. Brookes began again. "The short an'the lang o' 't was that the place was let an' tacn, rauckle to the satisfac tion o' baith parties, I niak nae doobt; and it was arranged that not only should the auld hoosekeeper, she bein' a fixtur like, bide, but that I Bhould bide as weel, and, aa aforo, under the hoosekeeper, an' haein' naething to do wi' the stranger's servants. An' sac they cam. There was a gentleman o 1 a middle age, wi' his leddy some yoonger nor himsel', han'sorae, but not bonnie—only that has naething to do wi' ray tale, and I needna tak up ycr time, for it's growin' some late." " Never mind the time. Mistress Brookes," said Arctura; "we can do just as we please with that. One time is as good as another— isn't it, Mr. Grant?" " One who has often stayed out on the hill all night," said Donal, " is not likely to fancy it a duty to go to bed at a certain hour. I sometimes sit up half the night myself." " It's sair upsettin' to the wark, though," said the houscKceper. " I wonder what the house would be like if I was to do that, and sleep ia the next mornin'!" " Of course wo must, all mind what, is required of us, if we would take any freedoms with a good conscience," said Donal. " lint this will never do for our story! Do go on, please, Mrs. Brookes." 44 Well, sir, an* my lady, I'm read}* to sit up till the cocks hue dune ciawiti', an' the day has dune dawin', <*ien it bo to pUuse the am- or the twa o' ye ! an' sac for my true tain !— They war yerra dacent weel-behavet fowk, wi' a fine faimily, some grown nn' some growing aboot there. It was jist a fawvour to see sic a halo sonie clan—frae auohtecn or tliereawa' doon to a wee toddlin' lassie, w:is the verm apple o' the e'e to a' the c'en aboot the place. But that's neither here nor yet there ! A' gaed on jist as it should gang on whaur the servan's arc no ower gran' for their am wark, nor ower mc.ldlc aome wi' the work o' their necbours ; nuethinp was ncgleckit, noronything girned aboot; an' a' was peace an' hcrniony, as it gangs i'the auld sang about bonny Kilmeny—that is, till ac nicht.—Ye see I'm tellin' ye as it cam' to liiysel' an' no til anithcr ! "As I lay i* my bed that nicht-an' ye may be sure at my age I lay nae langer nor ji»t to turn me ower ance, an' in gincral no that aace—jist. as I was fain asleep, up gat sic a romagc i' the servau's' ha', jist anetli \\\ Imur I was lyin,' that I thocht wi' mysel', what upo' earth's come to the place? *Gien it bena the day o' judgment, troth, it's no tlic day o' sraa things !' I said. It was as gien a' the cheers and tables thegither war bein' routit oot o' the places, an' syne set back again, an' the tables turnt heels owerheid, an* a the glaiss an' a' the plate for the denner knockit aboot as gien they had been sac mony hailstancs that warna wantifc ony mair, but raicht jist lie whaur they fell. I couldna for the life o' me think what it micht betoken, save an' exeep' a general frenzy had seized upo' every man an' woman i' the hoosc! I got up in a hurry; whatever was gaen' on, I wadna wi'lingly gang withoot my share ! An' jist as I opened ray door I heard the mai.ster cry: ' What i' the name o' a' that's holy,' says ho, 'is the meanin' o' this?' An' I run til him oot o' the passago an' through the swing door into the great corridor, an' says I, ' 'Deed sir, I was jist won'erin'! an' wi' yer leave sir I'll gang an' sec,' I said, gathcrin' my shawl aboot mo as weel as I could to hide what wag ancth it, or rather what wasna ancth it, for I hadna that mucklc on. But, says he, 4 No, no you must not go ; who knows what it may be I'll go myself. They may be robbers, and the men fighting them. You stop where you are,' Sayin' that, ho was half-way down the stair I followed him as far as the top, and stood there, looking down and hearkening, and the noise still going on. But he could hardly have, won the len'th o' the hall whan it stoppit a' at ance an' a'thegither. Ye may think what a din it raaun hac been, whan I tell ye the quaiet that cam upo' the heels o't jist seemed to stine ray twa lugs. The same moment I hard the maister cryin' til me to come doon, I ran an' whan I reached the scrvan's' ha' whaur' ho stood jist inside the door, I glowered, for wad ye believe me ? the place was as dacent and quiet as ony kirkyard i' the muinlicht! There wasna a thing oot o 1 its place, nor an air o' dust, nor Jhe sraa'cst disorder to be seen ! A' the things luikit as gicn they had sattlet them sel's to sleep as usual, an' had slcepit till we cam an' waukit them. The maister glowert at me, an' I glowert at the maister. But a' ho said was: 'A falso alarm, ye see, Kose !* An' what he thocht I canna tell, but wi'oot anither word we turn't, an' gaed up the stair again thegither. " Whan we war at the tap o' the stair, whaur a long passage ran awa' intil the dark aforo 's— they cad it the corridor—for the can'le the maister carried flang na lioht half way to the en' o' it, frae oot o' the mirk on a suddent cam to meet 's a rampaugin' an' a ratlin' like o' a. score o' nowt rinnin' awa' wi' their iron tethers aboot their necks—sic a rattlin' o' iron chains as ye never hard 1 an' a groanin' and a eruntin' jist fearsome. Again we stood an* luikit at ane anither; an my word, but noo the maister's face was enough to fricht a body o' itsel', lat alane the thing we hard an' saw naething to accoont for! 'Gang awa' back to yer bed. Rose' he said; 'this'll never do.' 4 And hoo are ye to help it, sir ?' said I. • That I cannot tell,* answered he; ' but I wouldo*» for the world your mistress heard it. I left to'er fast asleep, and I hope she'll sleep through it. Did you ever hear anything strange about tho house before we came?' 'Never, sir,'said I 'ast sure as I Stan' here shiverin' '—for the nicht was. i' the simmer, an' warm to that degree! an' yet I was shiverin' as gicn I was i' the cauld fit o' a. fever, an' my moo' wad hardly consent to raafc the words I soucht to frame. " We stood that way for a minute or twa an' there was naething mair, an' by degrees we grew a kin' o' ashamet, like as gien we war dootfu' we had hard onything; an' when he said to me gang to my bed a second time, I gaed to my bed, an' wasna lang upo' tho road, for fear I wad hear something mair, an' inttt my bed, an' my heid 'aneth the claes, an' lay trim'lin'. But there was nac mair o' 't that nicht, an' I wasna ower muckle owercome to fa' asleep. "I' the mornin' I tellt the hoosekeeper a' aboot it; but she hild her tonguo in a mainner that was, to say the least o' 't, van a strange to me. She didna laugh, nor yet say the thing was nonsense, but she jist hard »n' hard an' saidna a word. I thocht wi' raysd', is't possible she disna believe me ? but I couldna mak that oot aithcr. Sac, as she heild her tongue, I jist pud the bridle o' mine, an' vooed there should be never another word said by me till she spak hcrsel'. An' I wad sunc iiae had eneuch ©» haudin' my tongue, but i hadna to haud it to onybody but her • an' I cam to the conclusion that she waa feart o' bein speirt questions by them that had a richt to speir them, for that she had hard o' something afore, an' kenned mair nor she was at liberty to speak aboot. "But that was only the beginning an' little to what followed! for frae that nicht there was na ac nicht passed but some ane or twa dis turbit; an' whiles wi' some it was past a* bidin'. The noises, an' the rum'lin's, an abune a' the clankin' o' chains, that gaed on i' that hoose, an' the groans, an' the cries, an* whiles the whustlin', an', what was mai*t waur nor a' the lauchin', was Momething dreidfu', a' ayont bclievin' to ony but them that was intil 't. I sometimes think that maybe the terror o' 't maks it luik waur i' the recollection nor it was; but I canna keep my senses an' doobt there wasna soruerhing a'thegither by ord'nar i' the alfair. An' whan, or lung, it cam to the know ledge o' the lady, an' she was waukit up at nicht, an' h'sml the thing, whatever it was that made it a', an' sync whan the bairns was waukit up, an' aye the romage, noo i' this room, noo i' that, sac that the lcevin' wad be cryin' a« looi M the deid, though they could ill mak sic a dirk it was beyond beirin', and the roaiater made up his mm' to bide nao langer, but to Hit at ance, come o' 't what raicht 1 "For, as I oucht to hae tcllt ye, he had written to the owner o' the hoose, that was ray am maistcr., for it was nae use sayin' onything mair to the agent, wha only leucht an' declarct it maun be some o' his am folk that was playin' tricks on him—which it angert him to hear, bein' as impossible as it was fause—sae wrote straucht awa' to his landlord, as I say; but, as he was travelHn' aboot on the Continent, he supposed either that the letter had not reached him, and never would reach him, or that he was shclterin' himsel' under the idea that they would think he had never had it, no wantin' to move in the matter. But the vcrra day he had made up his mm' that nothing should make him spend another week in the noose, for Monday nights were always the waur, there did come a letter from the gentleman, sayin' that only that same hoor that he was writin' had he received the maistei's letter ; and he was sorry he had not had it before, but prayed him to put up with things till he got to him, and he would start, at the furthest, in two days more, and would set the thing right in less time than it would take to tell him what was amiss. A strange enough letter to be sure ! Harper, that was their butler, told me he had road every word of it—as strange as anything else in the business ! Perhaps we, in the ser vants hall, would never have hard onything o' a' this, but that the servan's thcmsel's were a' declarin' that, if the family did not move, they must; for, not to mention the terrors o' the nicht, the want o' rest was like to ruin them altogether; so when the master got a gleam of comfort he felt bound by necessity to share it with the rest o' the hooschold ; and that waa hoo we were v' on the lookoot for the appearance o' oor promised deliverer, wha was sac cock sure o' settin' tilings richt again. " Weel, at last, and that was in a verra few days, though they luikit lang to some i' that hoosc, he appcarit—a nice luikin gentleman, wi' sac sweet a smile that it wasna hard to believe whatever he tellt ye. An' lie had a licht airy way wi' him that was, to us oppress't craturs, strangely comfortin', only it was ill to believe that he could really ken what had been a' this time goin' on i' the hooso, and treat it in that eusy fashion ! Hooever,—an' noo, Mr. Grant, an' my lady, I hae to toll ye what the butler told- me, for I wasna present to hear for mysel'. Maybe he woiildna ha' told me, but that he wasn't an old man, though twice my age, and seerat to have taken a likin' to me, though it never came to anything; and as I was always cecvil to any person that was ceevil to me, and never went further than was becorain', he made me the return on that occasion of tellin' me what he knew. "The young gentleman, the landlord, I mean, was to stop to lunch with the master, and in the meantime would have a glass of wine and a biscuit; and pnllin' a bunch of keys out of his poclcet he told Mr. Harper to take a certain one and go to his wine cellar and bring up a bottle from a certain bin. Harper took the key, and was just going out of the room, when he heard the visitor—though in truth he was more at home there than any of us—heard him say, ' I'll tell you what you've been«doing, sir, and you'll tell me whether I'm not right I' Hearin' that, the butler drew the door to, but made no haste to leave it, and so heard the rest of the conversation between the two gentle men.- ' I'll tell you what you've been doin',' says he. Didn't you find a man's head—a skull I mean, upon the premises?' 'Well, yes, I believe we did, when I think of it,' says the master; ' for my butler'—and there was the butler outside a listenin' to the whole talc!—' my butler came to me savin', " Look here, sir, this is what I found in a little box in the cellar, close by the door of the wine cellar ! It's a skull!" Oh, said I'—it was the master that was speakin',—' it'll be some medical student in the family has brought it to the house! So he asked me what he had better do with it.' ' And you told him, interrupted the gentleman, 'to bury it!' ' I did ;it seemed the proper thing to do. 'I hadn't a doubt of it,' said the gentleman ; ' that is the cause of all the disturbance.' ' That ?' says the master. ' That, and nothing else !' answers the gentle man. And with that, as Harper confessed when he told me, there came over him such a horror that he danred nae langer stan' at the door, but for goin' down to the cellar to fetch the bottle of wine that was merely beyond his human faculty. I met him on the stair as white as a sheet, an' ready to drop. ' What's the matter, Mr. Harper?' said I; and he told me all about it. ' Come along,' I said; 'we'll go to the cellar together! It's broad daylight, and I hero's nothing to hurt us.' So we went down. 'There, that's the box the horrid thing was lyiu' in!' said he, as we came oot o' the wine cellar. An' wi' that there cam a groan like oot o' the ground at our feet, and we both hard it, and stood shakin' and dumb for a while, grippin' one another. ' I'm sure I don't know wnat in the name o' heaven it can all mean!' said he, but that was after lie had got the wine, and we wecc on the way up again. ' Did ye show't ony disrespec'?' said I. 'No,' said he; ' I buried it, as I would anything else that had to be putten out of sight.' And so we was talkin' together, when there cam a great ringin'at the bell, and said he, 'They're won'crin' what's come o' me an' their wine, an' well they may! I maun run.' As soon as ho entered the room, ' Whaur did ye bury the heid ye tuik frae the cellar?' said his master to him, and saidna a word as to hoo he had been sac lang gane for the wine. ' I buried it in the garden,' said he. ' 1 hope you know the spot,' said the strange jjentleman. ' Yes, sir, I do,' said Harper. ' Then come and show me,' said he. So all three of them went together, and fot a spade, as they went, from the tool-house, luckily the poor man was able to show them at once the very spot, and the gentleman dug up the skull with his own hands, careful not to touch it with the spade, and brought it back with him in his hand to the house, knocking the earth off it with his rough travelling gloves. But when Harper looked to be told to take it back to the place where he found it, and trembled at the thought, and wondered how he was to get hold of me again and nobody the wiser, for he did not want to show frightened in the day time, to his surprise an' no sma' pleesur' the gontlenian set the skull on the chimney piece ; and as lunch bad been laid i' the meantime. Mr. Heywood lioein' need to catch the newt train, an' he waitit upo' them, he hard tlie whole story. I suppose they thocht it better he should hear, an' toll, the rest, sac the sooner to forget the terrors we hnd come throu'. Said the gentleman, ' Now, you'll have no more trouble. If you do, write to me, to the caro o' so an' so, an' I'll release you from your obligation. But allow me to remark that you brought it on yourselves by interfering, I can't exactly say with my property, but with the property of another who knows how to defend his own without appeal to any law. It was the burying of that skull that caused all your annoyance.' 4 But I always thought,' said the master, ' that the dead preferred and desired to have their bones buried. The ghosts of the dead, according to Cocker, would refuse to lie quiet until their bodies were properly buried.' * You may say what you please,' answered Mr. Hey wood, 'and I cannot pretend to explain the thing; I only know that when that head is buried these disagreeables always begin.' ' Then the head is in the way of being buried and dug up again?' said the master. 'I will tell you the whole story, if you like,' answered his land lord. 'I would gladly hear it,' says he. I should like to see the daylight o' common sense cast upon the affair.' • That I cannot promise you,' lie answered; ' but the story, as it has been handed down in our family, you shall hear.' You maybe sure, my leddy, Harper was wide awake to hear all he could, that he might tell it again to the hall. ' Somewhere about a hundred-and-fifty years ago or so,' he began, 4 one cold stormy night there came to the nail door a poor peddler with his pack on his back, and would fain have parted with some of his goods to the folk of the hall. The butler, who must have been rather a rough sort of man, told him they wanted nothing he could give them, and he might go about bis business. But the man, who had something obstinate in him, I daur say, an' was, it may weel be, as anxious to get under shelter, hopin' it might be for the nicht, kecpit on beggin'—an' would ho no sec whether some o' the women-folk micht na be weel wullin to buy o' him? At last the butler, oot o' a' patience wi' the man, ga'e him a great shove awa frae the door, so that the poor man fell down the steps, an' bangt the door to, nor ever lookit to see whether the man got up again or no. I' the mornin' the peddler was found lyin' deid in a little wood or shaw, no far frae the hoosc. An' up got the cry, an' what did they say but that the butler'had murdert him, an' he was ta'en up and tried fort. Whether the man was not liked in the neigh bourhood I cannot tell,' said the gentlemen, ' but the cry was against him, and things went the wrong way for him, though no one about the house believed he had done the deed, more than he might have caused his death by pushing him down the steps. But even that he could hardly have intended, and very likely the man may have been weak or ill, an' yet would not have fallen but for the weicht o' his pack on his back.' Still, cfter an' a'—an' it's mysel' that's sayin' this, no the gentleman, my lady— in a part o' the country like that, gey an' lanely, it was not a nicht to turn a fellow creature oot in. The butler was at the same time an old and trusty servant, and his master was greatly concernt aboot the thing. 'It is impossible at this time o' day,' said the gentle man, ' to uncrstan' hoo such a thin? could be — in the total abstinence o' direc' evidence—but the short and the weary lang o' 't was that the man was hangt, an' hung in irons, for the deed. An' noo ye may be thinkin' the ghost o' the puir peddler began to haunt the hoose; but naething o' the kin'! There was nae disturb ance o' that or o' ony ither sort. The man was deid and buried, whaever did or didna kill him, an' the body o' him that was said to hao killed him hung danglin' i' the win. But, whatever the boosenold may hae thocht or had i' their herts about it, the bert o' the man's maister was sair, an' he couldna help aye thinkin' that maybe he was to blame, an' raicht hae done something mair nor he thocht o' at the time, to get the puir man aff; for he was absolutely sure that, hooever rough he micht hae been, an' hooever he micht hae been the cause o' death to the trouble some man, he badna meant to kill him; it was, in pairt at least, an accident, an' he thoucht it hard lines. His maister was an auld man, near han' auchty, an' tuik things the mair seriously, I daursay, that he wasna that far frae the grave they had sent the puir butler til afore his time—gien that could be said o' ane wha's only grave was that o' the weathercock. An' aye he tuik himsel' to task as to whether he ouchtna to hae done some thing mair—gane to the king maybe, for he couldna bide the thoucht o' the puir man, that had waitit upon him sac lang an' faithfu', hingin' an' swingin' up there, an' the flesh drappin' aff the banes o' 'ira, an' still the banes hingin' there, an' swinffin', an' creakin', an' cryin', was sair upo' the old man. But the time passed, an' I kenna hoo lang or hoo short it may tak for a body in sic a position to come asunder, but at lost the banes began to drap, an', as they drappit, there they lay at the fut o' the gallows, for naebody caret to meddle wi' them; an' whan that cam to tho know ledge o' the auld gentleman he sent his fowk to gather them up an' bury them oot o' sicht. An* what was left o' the body, the upper pairt, hauden thegither wi' the irons, maybe—l keena weel hoo—hunjj an' swung there still, in every win' that blew. But at last, oot o' sorrow an' respec' for the deid, hooever he deed, his auld raaister sent quaietly ac dark nicht, an' had the lave o' the banes taen doon an' laid i' the earth. An' frae that moment would ye think it?—there was no peace i' the hoosc! A clankin' o' chains get up, an' a' howlin', an' a compleein1, a creakin' like i' tho win'—an' sic a stramash a'thegither that the hoose was not fit to be lecvit in whiles, though it was sometimes waur nor ither times, an' some thocht it had to do wi' the airt the win' blew ; aboot that I ken naething. But it gacd on like that for months, maybe years'— Mr. Harper wasna sure hoo long, the gentleman said —' till the auld man maist wished hirasel' in o' the grave an' oot o' the trouble. But at last ac day cam anither auld man to sec him —no so auld as himsel', but ane he kenned whan they war at the college thegither; an' this was a man that had travelled greatly, an' was weel learnt in a heap o' things ordinary fowk, that gies thenisel's to the lan an' the growin' o' corn an' beasts, arc no likely to ken muckle aboot. He saw his auld freen was in trouble, and didna carry his age calm-like as was nat'ral, an' sac speirt him what was the matter; and he told him the whele story, for it was nae won'er, whan the din gat up, especially wi' the clankin' o' chains intil 't, an' i' the dark days o' superstition, that they should connec' the tane wi' the tither—the hangin' wi' the the bangin*. " Weel," said the learnit' man, when he had hard a', "gien yell take my advico, yell jist sen' an' howk up that heid again, an' tak' it itit.il the hoose wi' ye, and lat it bide there whaur it was used sac lang to be; do that, an' it's my opinion yell hear nae mair o' sic unruly /.Tingin s on." The auld gentleman tuik the advice, kennin' no better, an' but it was the richt advice, for frae that moment the romour was ower, an' they had nac mair o' 't. They laid the heid in a decent bit box i 1 tho cellar, and there 't remaint, well content there to abide tho day o' that jeedgraont that'll set niony anithcr jeedgraent to the richt-aboot; though what pleesur could bo intil that cellar raair nor a hole i' the enrth i 3 a thing no for me to say ! So wi' that generation there was nae mair trouble. But i' the coorso o' time there cam first anc an' syne anithcr wha forgot, maybe, leuch at the haill aifaiv, an' didna believe a word o' tho same. But they're but fules that gang again' the experience o' their forbears! What wad ye hae but they wad bury the heid ? An' what wad como o' that but an auld dismay het up again ? Up gat the din, the rarapaugin, the clankin', an' a', jist as ill as ever I But whan, frichtet at the consequence o' their folly, they acknowlcd the property o' the ghaiet in his am heid, an' tuik it oot o' the earth an' intil the hoose again, a' was quaiet directly—quaict as hert could desire.' Sao that was the story ! An' when the lunch was ower, an' Mr. Harper was thinkin' the moment come whan they would order him to tak the heid, him that was maist triralin' at the thoucht o' touchin' 't, an' lay't whaur it sac aften was whan it had a sowl intil 't, the gentleman got up, an' says he till him, ' Be so good,' says he, 'as fetch me my hatbox from the hall.' Tho butler went and got it as desired, and the gentleman took and unlocked it. But never a hat was there intil 't! an' roon 1 he turnt whaur he stood, an' up he tuik the skull, neither as gicn he lo'cd it nor feared it, as what reason had he to do cither ? An' he han'let it neither rouchly nor with that muckle care, but intil the hatbox it gaed, willy, nilly, an' the lid was shutten doon upo' 't, an the key was turnt i' the lock o' the same; an' as gicn he wad mak the thing richt sure o' no bein' puttin' ony mair whaur it had sic an objection to gang, up he tuik in his han' the hatbox an' the contrairy heid i' the inside o' 't, an' awa' wi' him on his travels, here an' there ower tho face o' tho warl: he was on his w'y to Spain ony gait! an' we saw nae mair o' him nor the heid, nor hard ever a soun' mair o' clankin' nor ony ithcr unholy din. An' that's trowth, mak o' 't what ye like!" Mrs. Brookes was silent, and for some time not a word was spokeu by either of the listeners. At last Donal spoke : " It is a strange story, Mistress Brookes," he said, " and the stranger that it would make us believe some of the inhabitants of the other world remain at least as silly as when they left this one. That is a terribly dreary thought with regard to a large proportion of the human race." "I canna Bay aething anent that, sir," answered Mrs. Brookes; " I'm no accountable for what's to be drawn frae my ower true tale; an' doobtless, sir, ye ken far better nor me— but whaur ye see sac mony folk draw oot a lang life here, and never ac sensible thing, that they could help, done or said, what for should ye won'er that noo an' than ane i' the ithcr warl shaws himsel siclike. Whan ye consider the heap o' folk that dees, and how many more there must be in the other world than in this, I confess for my part I wonder more that we are left at peace at all, and that they comena swarmin' aboot us i' the nicht like black doos. Yell maybe say they canna, an' yell maybe say they come; but sac lang as they plague me nae waur nor oor f reen' upo' the tithcr side o' the wa' I canna say I care that raucklc. But I think whiles hoo thae ghaists maun lauch at them that lauchs as gicn there war nae sic craturs i' the warl'! For my pairt I neither fear them nor seek till them; I'll be ane raysel' afore lang! only I wadwussto gang in amo' better benavet anea nor them that gangs aboot plaguin' folk." " You speak the best of sense," said Donal; " but I should like to understand why the poor hanged fellow should have such an objection to having his skull laid in the ground! Why has he such a fancy after his old bones? Could he have been so closely associated with them still that he could not do without the plenty of fresh air they got him used to as they hung on the gallows ? And then it was only his head he cared about having above ground 1 It is quite bewildering ! We can't believe that our very bones rise again—even if St. Paul hadn't told us the contrary! Why should the dead haunt their bones as if to make sure of having their own again ?" "But," said Mrs. Brookes, "beggin' yer pardon, sir, hoo do ye ken what they ken? Ye may ken better, but maybe they dinna; for hacna ye jist alloocd that sic conduc' as I hae been describin' to ye can be nacthing but foolish, whither done i' the streets by rowdy laddies, or i' the hoose by craturs ye canna sec. They may think they'll want their banes by an'-by, though ye ken better; an', whatever you wise folk may think the noo. yo ken it's no that lang sin' a' body—ay, the best o' folk— thocht the same; an' there's no a doobt they a' did at the time that man was hangt." " But why his head more than the rest of bis bones ?' "Weel, sir, I'm thinking a ghaist, ghaist though he be, canna surely be i twa places at ance; sac he couldna weel luik eftcr a' his banes when they war dividit an' separate; but, kennin' that, when he was alive, the heid seemed soraehoo o' the first consqcucnce, he micht weel think he wad stick by that, an' direc' a' his energy to keep at least an e'e upo' 't. An', stickin' by't sac lang, he was the less wullin' to lose sicht o' 't. Ye see it canna be sao mony ghaists that hao the chance o' seem' sac muckle o' their banes cfter they're dcid; as this ane had; it's nac so mony o' them hae the prcevilcge o' luiking upo' the body belongin' to them as it swings an' sways, infeckin' the air, an' say in' to therasels, ' Yon's mine!' An' this same ghaist that was sac fond o' his am auld carcass, an' sac sorry for*t, heukit up there in disgrace an' him free, micht weel hae a cat like nature for stickin' to places too, an' sac maybe likit the cellar whaur lay the wine, as in ither coses we hae hard o' ghaists hauntin' the places whaur used to be their gowd, an' ithers the places whaur their warst sins war committit. Mony's the story I could tell you that hoosekeeper, honest woman, tolled to me; for what had come an' gane set her openin' oot her pack, an11 believe I could haud yo there a' the nicht tellin' ye ane after anither o' them. But it's time to gang to oor beds.' "Well, I won't ask you for any more to night," said Lady Arctura; " but we must now tell you something! Only you must tell nobody just yet; there are masons. Mr. Grant has found the lost room !" For a frw moments Mrs. Brookes said nothing. She neither paled nor looked in credulous ; her face was simply fixed and still, as if she were thinking of something to put alon^didc of what was now told her. At last, "Thru thorp ayp wan sic a place !" she said. " I was aye o' the rain', an' mony a time thocht I would luik for 't to please myscl'; but tho richt time never cam. Sic a place bein', it's sma' won'cr wo should liear soon's an' raps an' siclike aboqt the hoose !" " You will not think differently when wo tell you what we found in it," said Arctura. "That was why I asked you to let us como to supper with you ; I was afraid to go to bed for thinking about it." " You've been into it, my lady!— And what did you sec ?'; asked Mrs. Brookes, with grow ing eyes. "It is the old chapel of the house! I havo heard there is mention made of it in some of the old papers in the iron chest. No one, I suppose, ever dreamed that the room they told such stories of could be the chapel ! Yet what should we find there but a bed ! And in tho bed not the skeleton but tho dust of a woman I and on the altar lay another dust, that of a very little child!" "The Lord be aboot us! an'atwecn 's an' harm !" cried the housekeeper, her well-sea soned composure giving way at last; "ye saw that wi' ycr am c'en, my lady ! Mr. Grant! hoo could ye lat her leddyship see sic things? I thoucht ye wad hac had raair sense !" " My lady has more sense than you seem to think, Mrs. Brookes!" returned Donal, laugh ing a little, but almost wishing she had not been with him. " I had no right to go without her ladyship if she wanted to go." " That's verra true; but, eh, my bonny bairn, sic sights is no for yon !" " I ought to know what ia in my own house!" said Arctnra, with a little involuntary shudder. " But I shall feel more comfortable now you know too. Mr. Grant would like to have your advice as to what we ought to do with the—tho remains. You'll come and see the place, Mrs. Brookes ?" " Yes, surely; when you please, ray lady— but not to-night—you do not mean to-night ?" "No, certainly! Not to-night. I wonder if any of the noises we hoar in this house are made by ghosts wanting to let you know thoir bodies are not buried yet! There are some that want to be buried, I suppose, though here and there one may not!" " I wouldna wonder!" answered Mrs. Brookes thoughtfully. " What would you have us do with the dust?" asked Donal. "I would have you bury it as soon as possible." "That is certainly the natural thing! The human body is not in any case to bo treated as less than sacred," said Donal. " I'll turn the thing owcr in my mm', sir. I wadna willin'ly hac a heap o clash i' the country-side about it. Eftcr an' a' they war yer am forbears, my leddy; an' sic things are as weel forgotten; for ye ken, my leddy, there's a gay look o' ill stories aboot the hoose i' the auld time ! An' syne what would the earl say ? It raicht upset him mair nor a bit. But, as I say, I'll consider o' 't." So the thing was left for the meantime. Donal accompanied the two to the door of their chamber, and then betook himself to the high places of the castle, where more than once, in what remained of the night, he woke fancying he heard the sounds of the ghost music sounding its coronach over the strange bier down below. [to be continued. 