Behind the Looking Glass. A Scena from the New Grand Serio-Comic Opera, entitled BOMBASTES MART ANONYMUS. Scene. — Bomhastes' Retiring Room. Enter Bombastes At the head of his army, consisting of a long drummer, a short fifer, no rank, and the Herald file,— Air " Fallen is the Joe," (Handel.) Bombastes. — Thrash 'd are the foes! this Freedom's silver string, Worn by their Chief, I as a trophy bring. x anocK a mm aown, tnen snatcnea it trom ms too, Press help, he cried, when I had done the job. Press help is gone, said he : said I, just so 1 Keep your hair on— press help was made to go. The Army. — For which we hail you chief of all So. So 1 Bombastes. — Honors so great ! you've all my toils repaid. Now, my long drummer, here's success to trade ! Now may attorneys gather in their crops, j And printer's devils mind their sticks and stops ; Our quaking fear of Press Contempt shall cease. And no Press Libels mar our well-earned peace. j Our autocratic power avenged is, And we shall henceforth know perennial bliss. General throwing up of wigs and Can-can. — Thunder and Lightning. Enter, iu solemn procession, and veiled in sepulchral cerements, the Ghosts of the Defunct Conspirators. — Funeral March (Beethoven). They chant a dirge-like wail in dismal monotone. Ghosts. — Not a drum was heard, not a jubilant note, As the judgment in Banco was uttered ; But curses were choking each stifled throat And anathemas freely were muttered. No apology sullied his manly breast. As in deathly toils they wound him ; But he looked like a GENTLEMAN taking bis rest With JUSTICE and TRUTH around him. Sadly we thought of the FREEDOM that's gone, Of our birthright, old in stoty : We turned our backs on that Hall of Stone, Leaving " honor " alone in its glory. The mists boil up around. — Weird Music " Manfred '" (Reinecka) — and dispersing disclose the " Hall of Arimanes " on the summit of the Jungfrau. Nemesis Dallyadastria on a Globe of Fire, with Popolani in charge of the electric telegraph. Nemesis. — Shadow ! or Spirit ! Whatever thou art, Which still doth inherit The whole or a part Of the form of thy birth, Of the mould of thy clay Which return'd to the earth, Re-appear to the day 1 Bear what thou borest, The heart and the form ; And the aspect thou worest, Redeem from the worm. Appear ! Appear ! Appear ! Popolani applies the electric telegraph to the Ghosts, through a chain of reasoning, animation slowly returns, and they kneel in gratitude to Nemesis. Bombastes and the Army disappear through the Grave Trap in Blue Ruin. Apothesis of Nemesis Dallyadastria, as the resuscitated Press sing in chorus — Rule Britannia, Britannia rules the waves, For Britons never, never, never, shall be slaves. Our political playwrite has risen above himself, and slightly above truth, in asserting that the Sydney Temple of Justice is of stone. The edifice was once brought under Mr. Punch's especial notice by our reverend friend, Mr. Peter Campbell ; and although we now refrain from spoiling the rhyme of this magnificent literary banquet, we must, as is our wont, adhere strictly to the truth in matters of detail, and impress on our readers that the Hall is con structed of best picked stock bricks, with portions rendered in Bazley White's No. 1 Portland Cement — according to specification, — ED. S, P. The Blue Ribbon Army at Randwick were armed with a Martini- Henri that would not go "off, even as a one o'clock (great) gun. — Jost so. 