{JNDER THE SWORDJ \ NOVISIj IN THREE PARTS, BY KLlXAlSETll J. LYSAGI1T, VilOi; Of " A l.OXO JlADXliSS," " KOHAll's kohtvnks," t;to., ktu. PART 111. CHAPTER Xll I. A DESERTED HOUSE riiy is it. til at bodies and souls -are not licliei' mated. When wo want bodily stroncth Hills', wo lose it. b yiany a weary hour many a long day and s:„i night was to pass before "Wilfred March W;IS to regain his soiifios. In dismay, .lack <(.iit lor the doctor. The doctor came but all ho ,il> wis to light against tho 'fever uliicli was raging hotly in Wilfred March's wins. •• A shock to the system I" This was in ilu' .lector's opinion, the cause of the illness U was ;ill one to him, as he lay in his darkened room, all unconscious that Jack disconsolate, sat by him. Hours grow into Tho dead body of Yorko Keith was laid at rest, after duo inquiry, when a merci ful verdict was returned of " Death from the accidental explosion of a pistol." The. warder lias returned to his duties in the vast prison whore Yorko Keith had lingered for live Ion * years. 1'fio world goes on, goes round, in spite of the little tragedy that was enacted in quiet St. Ambrose. One life the less, one Imlihlc gone from tlio stream, one more'"rave in the world of graves ! a ' And Wilfred March lies prostrate. Some times wildly raging in foolish reveries, some limes <]uiet and still, but not asleep. Sloop the one most holy and blessed medicine' risit.s not his tortured frame. Strange fancies come to him. He lives in a world of incon sistency—of odd shapes and dreams. The dark s:ul face is darker, sadder than ever; the iilin dark hair has boon shaven. Poor Jack most forlorn and desolate, wanders through the quiot house ; takes counsel with Martin waylays the doctor, volunteers to sit up at night, and finds himself helplessly, hopelessly sleepy when he makes the attempt.. So the days pass away, so do all days ; and morning, and noon, and evening roll on, and Wilfred March lies, sick unto death. But a ■lay conies when, as the men and women are Hissing out from the Cathedral door, havin« duly prayed for the recovery of Wilfred March, lying very sick and weak, the afflicted man, having taken a turn, seems to waken, as if from an evil dream. But as yet the cooii tarn seems not very decided. Doctor mill nurse wait 111 suspense. But the day grows into evening, and presently the patient falls asleep. It is real sleep—not the horrible similitude of it. And when he awakes, weak as an infant,' and, with the sensation of being Unite somebody beside himself, I10 is in his right mind. How long has he been ill'! It is some time before ho asks the question. It is some iimo before Jack—poor Jack !—is admitted to an audience ivitli him. Short and scant is that interview. It is not till Wilfred March lias Iieeu for a day or two out of danger that, weak still, and ghastly pale, and a were shadow, he asks Jack certain other questions. It is noon. The sun is shining with such light and warmth as the lato season allows it. The brothers are alone; Wilfred March, propped up in bed, Jack leaning, with blue eyes full of honest love, and a red face shilling with the earnestness of his gladness, leaning near his pillow. Again ho asks tho question, "How long have I been ill f The reply is, "A fortnight." "Jack, what about Miss Doug] as?" His white checks flush into a look of health as lie asks this. Jack looks out of the window, and answers, "She is gone, Wilfred." " Gone—gono where V' " Arc you strong enough to bear it, Wil fred ?" " Yob ; strong enough—anything but sus pense. " Well, I'll toll yon. When you were taken ill—tho morning aftor that night—you remember?" " Yes—go 011 !" " 1 knew that tlio poor thing must be in .111 awful-state. I walked oil' to tlio house— her house—and I kept about the place, but ciilci sec nobody. Of course she must havo krnl all about it; tho news was all over tho town. Well, I wont there again, but saw luibmly. 1 heard from somebody that she j ill. Tho third day I wont, I was walk i ".la up and down, when I saw her—poor ; thing! all in black. You know, like a ghost, j ial) that ghosts are in white. Sho was sit j % under a treo in the garden. Presently . wt comes a queer old guy of a woman like a -runt from the licuso, and said something i dler. 1 think they must have soon me. 1 ^litcd; I'm sure I don't know why, but 1 -fed 1 might havo a chance of seeing her win; hut sho wont in, and in half-an-hour Kswont comes tho old servant with a letter. Ii "-as to me. Look at it; or shall I read it D you V' The letter was in an old-fashioned-hand. « was directed '' Reverend W. March." '«k went 011 with his story. "The woman ■»1 Miss Douglas sent tho letter to you, and '^t she, and all of them wore going away— ^io return." "And are they gone ?" '' They are—bag and baggage 1" , ^ ilfred March looked steadily at the j'-ier, but it was some moments before he j"aid read it. "Dear and reverend sir. '•le name of my sister and my niece, I J^ak yon heartily for all your goodness to who must be nameless. We are about j lave this place for ever. If the thanks Wossings of the unhappy can avail, you ■ <•?*«. them. My sister and my unfortunate know all, and you may imagine that hour we spend hero is an ill-timo to us. know the secret, which may, per i^iee, be unknown to others, we trust it i' yroir keeping. In this world we shall, • 'wul sir, meet never again. We have . i-M of, and lament your illness. In my V"r®and neico's name I again thank you— : v God to bless and help you and deliver ■ J trom such grief as must be ours till this 1-ale closes." The old lady hero signed j. name, in the same formal but shaken ; j-^cters. '• | And then?" j ^cll, I kept tho letter, of course ; but I l " went a week ago, and nobody *s where they have gono to. We shall , . see them again, Wilfred," adds Jack | lu%. head is aching a little," said tho g; brother, closing his eyes and sinking ■„ - The sun is shining still. The sky is there is plenty of late autumnal M."655 *n t'10 air, and in the little bit of ^capc seen from Mr. March's windows. ;; ;1i'-1hini, somehow, the day seems to have Stt(Mcnly dark. They were gone, sho ^ »ne I He would never meet her more ! .. ^-"I'les of the Cathedral began to ring. ■■■' i"'.e n»S«s were practising, -as was their tones smote 011 the ears of the ; They seemed to be tolling—tolling \\!~}c *nell of past hopes, past brightness, , e\ She was gono. He could not I £\10P® to see her again, or to give her her K.', Jj?«\er's sad message. It was in vain i-^ .j' ^arch tried to rally himself. He *0t1 weak and ill to bo able to do hut- fret. Man though he was, 'i JiVj^dlc-agcd clergyman too, he did fret, 'fen do over their pretty broken play great difference— v.e grief is a mere scratch—easily healed. -*'r- March was promoted to inut ^i°R 5 '°C c^ckcn-broth resigned, the ° town ■ had found a newer ' t0 talk of. The old ladies in the ;■/ .°u^° at Shipleighs had been too re ')c, much known. There was a ^^,COnvicti°n that the fugitive convict the brother of Miss Lily Douglas, • 'l ',a^ leaked out; but the St. k;"'r° Pf°P'e only gaped and wondered, wrd blessmo'd !:1 and declared that | thought there was something i , about the family. A small auc l-^ushi all the old-fashioned goods . Uels; and then the house was shut up, j v.^lt. ;yi5^arc'1i gradually restored to strength, iSo^ pilgrimage to it; he wandered C oate, and stopped for some V1V.U? to lpok at the empty house. There ; "• fling in tlie dismal aspect of a homo from which tho homo-spirits have departed. It is as the empty lm.sk when the nut is fallen ; like tho fa'eo of the dead which is colli and still, and impassive as stone. Tho wind, with the shrill keenness of tho early winter, sang dolefully amidst tho trees. Tho garden in which poor aunt, .lane had dug and delved, was hare and empty. The windows were shattered and blinded. Mr. March felt sick at heart as ho slowly turned away. " 1 shall never see hov again !" he thought; " God bless her, wherever she is !" His own house was, perforeo, a dull 0110 just now. for .lack, .the rattlopated .Tack, with the jolly, red faco and blue eyes, had taken his de parture, to bo coached for his examination. Martin and the cook had it. all their own way. Mr. March, wove silent than ever, kept himself to his library. Ho folt a certain shyness about venturing amongst the neigh bors. liut in spite of himself he had to listen to the talk that went round the clerical circle about Yorko Keith. One thing was spared I him. Tom Troasyliau was not at St. Am brose. Ho had acted as a wiso man, and taken his departure from England; and while yet the St. Ambrose gossips'wove talk- I ini* with eager clamor about tho dead Yorko Keith, Mr. Trcssylian was sunning himself in tho lingering beams that rested on the grand old city of tho Ciesars. Mr. Lester and Claudia chanced to bo at Home also. Tho next bit of tittle-tattle that gave the St. Ambrose folk a disl\ of scandal, was one that astonished them much. Mr. March was about to leave tho place. Ho had written to the bishop, stating that he should resign his living, and otlico of minor canon, at the Cathedral. In vain the bishop endeavored to persuade him to change his mind. He would not, ho said, be aide to perform the requisite duties for some time, and ho did not care to got a substitute. Should his health permit, ho hoped to take some Lon don duty, but for tho present he would re cruit that by travelling and rest. So, when the first snow Hakes wevo falling softly, as tho tears of a child, on tho sleep ing earth, Wilfred March said good-byo to the quitr little town. 11c left St. Ambrose as tho hunted, wounded animal loaves one spot to seek another—hardly with the hope of euro. And Yorko Keith's shadow seemed to pursue him. Again ho saw tho dark, sad face—tho eyes of desperate, hopeless passion—again ho heard the words, " Tell her it is best that 1 am dying." Nobody guessed at Ilia shave in tho atl'air. Plenty of oliieial correspondence passed through the St. Ambrose magistrates and the authorities of Prison. But Mr. March had been spared this. His illnoss had prevented any of those letters from reaching him. .lack had boon of good service in this matter. No one connected tho strange whim of the Churchman in quitting his loved Cathedral with the death of the unhappy Yorko Keith. He might have lived and died under the sacred shade of the old church but for tho new-born passion that was making him so unspeakably wretched. Ho could not stay there. He was not strong enough to face the ordeal that would meet him day by day, of hearing light questions and lighter replies aa to the relationship that Lily Douglas bore to the dead man. Ho was not wise enough to banish tho memory of tho girl from his thoughts. In tine, ho was in love, and therefore not quite in his senses. Foolishly, hopelessly in love, for Lily Douglas was gone, and gone, none knew whither. (To he continued.) 