A TRIP TO QUORN. ; By A NEW CHUM. The name of Quorn calls up visions of a londen sky, prnncing horses, scarlet coats, tally-ho-ing, whip cracking, green hedges, deep ditches, iind other reminders of a meet in tin old country. But when one gets 16,000 miles away and finds a new Quorn he does - not expect these little etceteras and he is not disappointed. Your contributor started the other day for this town. The weather in Port Augusta .was hot, tind railway travelling would fairly be considered no joKe, especially to your humble servant who has hardly got tho "lime jnice" of hiin yet. But I found the railway carriage comparatively cool and tolerably comfortable while a bag of cool water on the iron railing nt the end was by the current' of air kept in a refreshingly cool condition. The only other passenger in the carriage was a gentleman with a bull dog, nnd (if you will pardon the Irishism) he travelled in the guard's van. The bull-dog was .abont as bulldogish a looking ' quadruped as an Italian, greyhound or an hid maid of a timorous disposition (if- there be any such, which I doubt) would care to meet on a lonely road. But he was evidently A " well-bred 'un" and was the observed of all observers. Somebody enid he was a "regular beauty," but this remark I took as I would a man's comment on liis sweetheart—cum grano talis. It is purely a mutter of tnste, and not to be contradicted, especially if tho person making the reinark belong to genus navvy. It being the afternoon train there are not ninny passengers, and most are of tli« laboring CIBBS who seein very liappy, very brown, very heavy, very contented^' and in sottie in- stances V«y drunfc. ^frut* Ihis jatter. I fully, believe is to lie accounted for by llie exliiliaraiing influences of the'balmy South Australian atmosphere, in conjunction] of course tyith tiiat very pleasant beverage, PeiTers & CoV lieer. One thing that strikes one as being' very disagreeable end that is the wretched appearance of the railway station "No verandah, no platform, and rough pebbles to walk on; and tliis too at Port Augusta, of which we hear 6uch glowing accounts ot its opulence in tho metropolitan papers. I was very much surprised, and can only account for it on tlie ground that (like some people who, in the old country, prefer lo live in half-rnined libuses where .the rats ecnuipor about nightly and tbe earwigs drop into your tea fa the arbors), they prefer being uncomfortable. Howeven, on we go, and soon leave civilization behind. Soon nothing js scen but stunted husb and wire fences, with, however^ the glorious ranges ef bills in the distance. Behind us, forming a frame the picture of the gulf, is the. square top .of . Tcnt Hill, while in advance the rangesone in mind of tlie words "of Kendall, «n Australian poet : " Rifted mountains, high and hoary,-girded . round with gleaming pines, Where the morning, like an angel robed in golden splendour, shines." Of course, why an angel -should be "robed in golden splendour," I do not know. : To judge by some -of the conversation I -have heard in Port Augusta the -proper robeing for a angel would appear lo be copper, so greatly is this commodity held in : esteem. I have no doubt from the valuo ?that is placed upon the mineral in question if :any angel.or anybody else would appear iwith a tolerably weighty armor of this description not a few of our- Beltana and Blinman men would be inclined to '* oopp her," but this is so elahgy that I withdraw the involuntary and totally unpremeditated, joke. But the train winds its way slowly, even such a good-natured traveller as my- self must confess, and the scenery becomes changed. We pass what the guard calls Stirling, and I feel inclined "to get off the train in a similar manner to the Toun Hood on the occasion of riding past, and seeing a notice-board on a farmer's gate bn'which waB written " Beware tlie dog." The poet looked round, but no dog could be seen, He rode up to the gate and looked over, cracked his whip,-but no dog catne. Then, taking a pieco of chalk out of his pocket,' he wrote the notice : ""Warebe the dog'" In a similar manner I looked roiind and could'sce "no Stirling, and felt very much inclihed to ask a similar question on the walls of the station.; Our next station is, as I suppose everybody knows except myself, the little {township of Saltia. It is charmingly situated amidst the hills v and some d«y when green vines envelope thosenowbarren hills, and when notbingbut richorchards can be seen for uiiies around, the name of Saltia' Will sound pleasant in the ears of the overworked resident of the city of Port Augusta.: Oa we go over creeks which have- no water and trees which have no leaVes and 'very little bark, looking, very ghost-like eveni in the afternoon sun, pass a, farmer's; corrugated iron-bouse iii the tnidst oE what appears to be a farm of stones; r " n by in pretty curves the beaks of the ranges, and cross an jrim 'bxidgs which I am very thankful to say does not take it into its head to Tay disaster on a small scide, W&>lundunga and Pichi Richi arerpassed in lnrn, and I see the remains of what was ouce the Wijlour Brewery. If Iseeiusv queer place for.a broweiy, biit f let us hope that some day It will bo the factory of a great and . fmnous. vineyard. The " Pichi Ric>,i wines would sound well, and I have no doubt taste, better ; and then bow easy they could be carried by rail-Jo thf seaboard, and from thence to London,'Paris St. Petersburg, or .wherever^ you liked! But, M they eay.in the thrteivoluipenovelB. W? d«gre«>. The train is' gofng alone leisu ey, and ^t last reaches Qtibra. The firstthings noticeable era two lanw flour-mills, at which work is being carried on briskly, and tbe next the : commodious hotels. The railway station has the same barbaric .'dppeatance tlwt the Port Augusta one. has, but X must confess inyseTf, surprised; at the busy" nature of the place. There ore. plenty of ehora. but of course not the satae civilized Sisplay of goods which tyie seiw in.' Port Augusta. l eay of eburse, bui t really don teee why thetfisplayJn tW'^Window dio|ild not equal thai of theaea-port towD. Of course I did,not 'ihe' town at its beet, for the dust was,blowing in clonds, wogBt ^w sedasion *hich » parlor in the T'ranEcontinental :«nnted f : ^iher iiiotols -SSW^.V CHtSpriohi, weiA also visited by this : deponent- Mrf coo drink? ^to'beS&rt; The lam.^ thf wud^de, •ay*-P* ^ft&Me;, -xt-mm WRtSW Ww AButobfef bt very prottygirls,eoVerhaiwlife n t Quorhis m* WW-Satire £ SfOT^W %J idhil ; English, Scotl and Australian Chartered, ore W . Beat buildjnah, ^e latUr biing J'SBWWV^^elaidkVag&r; ,: ; fi»Vl« ends ore concMBed-flookwi X my «uite ore® ffis® one doesn't expect to s eo such A jmrebr practical iasUUiitKin as la ^^Ifinlw- " utter n pro^iviiiMinatowiw)i^Wui» «ra nec6essaiily in ntfk^j^tyyo elate ot afetws fa ^ m m t n m M ^ are concern^.'Taking it«H wundtjuorn w ? ^ W tlo^f. in twin henbeforttveiym 