'FOR AULD LAHC SYNE." Chapter I. — € There is no Limit to a Woman's Expectations.' '.Ralph Oldoa6tle i8 overdoing it. He'll break down/ one barrieler remarked to another, as the tall gabnt form of a well known Queen's counsel passed out of the Temple. He works all day and writes all night, and no man can stand that eort of thing very long. He looks positively ill to-day/ ' No wonder. I haven't known him to take holiday for fifteen years ; if he don't take oare he'll " cave" suddenly. It's a mistake for a man to purBuo two professions when he can live oomfortably by either and the" speaker sighed regretfully. 'Besides, Old- oastle is a rioh man, he has no need to work at all, and as a matter of course every good thing falls in his way. I hear he's retained in the great Clifton swindling case.' 4 Yes, he's certainly lucky,, but he's uncommonly sharp, too. However, judging by his appearance to-day, he won't last long —he's breaking fast — fast and tho speakers, who had been standing under the Temple gateway from a heavy shower, nodded complacently and went their several ways ; tho removal of even one successful man from among them would' give each a chance of filling his place. Ralph Oidcastle meantime walked hurriedly cityward unmindful of the drenching rain. At the top of Ludgate Hill he wheeled round suddenly and walked back again— a tall man, round-shouldered, and gaunt, with thin, straggly, grey hair, and bright, deep-set eyes ; a keen, honset, repellant man, with a hard mouth that never smjded. He was intensely respectable and respected, but lie had few friends and fewer acquaintances, and no amiable weaknesses. . He was charitable, never behind in subscribing to legitimate 'relief' funds, never refusing a donation when demanded in due and proper form, but no one ever saw him buy a penny flower in the street, or a ' fifth edition special' of an evening paper. He never went home encumbered with useless 'notions' or novelties.' Stock brokers and bankers might purchase dancing dolls and terra cotta monstrosities, live mice and patent purses, as everyone knows they do, els8 why should the vendors of such wares multiply and flourish outside the stook exchange and the bank ? Ralph Oldeaatle never even cast a passing glance on such trumpery, nor was he ever seen with a bass basket containing fish or fruit, or a fern in a pot; he never thought of such things, never carried loose pennies in his overcoat pocket for emergencies, never overpaid a cabby — in short, he had no visible weaknesses at ail. His inner life was as hard, cold, and unsympathetic as his outer. He had chambers in Pump Court, close to where ' a white stone flashes over Goldsmith's ashes' — a stone, white no longer, but smirched and stained with the grime of the city — bat the lawyer never gave it a passing glanae. Had you mentioned the name he would possibly have turned to the law list to see who Oliver Goldsmith was. There was nothing in Mr. Oldcastle's rooms Bave their native picturesque1 inconvenience to redeem them from utter ugliness. They were solidly shabby, with heavy leather-covered mahogany furniture, dull merino curtains, and colourless, eehol'ess Turkey carpet. Books on two sides of the sittingroom from floor to ceiling, hot not a gay cover or page of light reading among them — not a picture or photograph even ; not an ornament of any kind save two bronze Loid Chancellors, and a marble and malachite clock, tbat ticked aggressively on the discoloured marble mantelpiece. In, one of the windows there stood an old-fashioned inlaid bureau, that looked as if it might possibly contain secrets of a sentimental nature; but externally it was grave and iprim, brass bound and brass locked; it gave no sign, if it cdntained anything, of the past of Ralph Oldeaatle. There were many who wondered why the 8uoceasfql lawyer and legal writer continued to reside in Pump Court. Less wealthy and leBs important men held their suburban villas and kept their carriages ; bat he had lived in London for nearly twenty years. He loved to feel the throb of its mighty heart. fche vibra tion of its ceaseless pulse ; he could no£ have existed away from it; His only pleasure was to watch the ebb sndfldw of humanity in Fleet street ; his recreation wis ; a solitary walk at midnight frbm TempleBar to Charing Cross. Too acoustomed to crime in all its' aspects to be grieved or shocked at the vice that flannts or crawls up and down the busy highway, still; he scanned every face with cold cariosity, and sometimes sighed like a man haunted or oppressed by some horrible f ear. He was not looking for any one ; still for < years he had taken that midnight walk, and had he observed one face amid ' the pallid and pitiful throng' he would scarcely have been Surprised. Returning from his hurried, aimless walk ?ieeMcree5» Kph Oldcastle entered his sittingroom and rang a bell. It was answefed by a clerk, a slim, dark-eyed; obsequious youth, whose history was- a romance Bom in vioe, cradled and hjUrturCd ed1aoat®d among a gang bf tbievea, M miraculously escaped being either a house- breakerfor convict! Oldcastle picked him uP ? ! en his heart Softer), fed him, a t0?k him inCo his service, expected nothing in return; and was paid by the warmest gratitude and esteem. Edward Little could not love his master, bat he he had served him raiwful.y for seven years, and would serve j. . « w18 s 6Qd- The lawyer smiled grimly— -he did tot believe in gratitude ; and some day, when it suited him, Little would turn round and rend him; 'but be cannot heai3 to hi'Tiself, with bis hard dry laugh. 'No one can do that now. I've Riven Little nothing but the bread he has earned, I expect' nothing in return.' The dark -eyed Clerk looked at his master fT apd waited his orders iti silence, i shall be occupied all. the afternoon, ard ; do not allow me to be disturbed on any pretence whatever, be said shortly, and Edward withdrew puzzled, but silent : he never answered his master— no one did. " Left alone, the lawyer sat at his writing- table and took a letter from his pocket. After a few moments' hesitation he read it, reluctantly, as if it was a thing he was con strained to do in spite of himself; then he smoothed it out carefully on his table, and, selecting a key from one of biB drawers, un locked the bureau, and from a secret receptacle drew forth a packet of letters and laid them beside that other on the table— still as a man acting in spite of himself. His face waB horribly pale, his eyes flashed and sparkled In their sunken sockets, and his hands, alight and white, with well tended nails, quivered nervously: One by one he read the letters over— and there were many of them — once or twice he langhed savagely at some expression, arid when he had got through them he pushed them aside with a scowl. 'Twenty years have I waited for this— lived for it, worked for it, hoped fer it \ I knew it would come, and it has,' he said, aloud ; ' now, to make the most of it.' For a long time Ralph Oldoistle sat silent, regarding the correspondence before him. On the right, two dozen of loose letters, written in a slender, girlish hand, and overflowing with girlish expressions of unalterable love and undying devotion, beginning, ' My own dearest Ralph,' ending, 8 Your ever-loving Connie.' On the left a blurred and blotted note, containing a few lines in a woman's hand, heavy with sorrow and Buffering. 'Dear Mr. Oldcastle, I am in sore distress; I know no ope in the wide world to turn to for advice and assistance save you. I wronged you once, but Heaven knows I have been bitterly punished — all my life. Will you help me for Auid Lang Syne ; you were my husband's friend, and something more thaa mine. We are " both friendless and helpless now, and have only you to turn to. — Constance Wilton. 'I wonder if "she has been as constant to him as she has been to me,' Mr. Oldcastle said, as he locked up the letters. ' I wonder if she has smiled on him with that tender trustfulness she practised ou me ; I wonder if she softenedhis heart and turned . his head with her witcheries and then drove him m3d by her coldness; sect him to the devil by her heartlessnesa, as she might have sent me had I not been made of sterner stuff than most men. I wonder what she expects me to do for Henry Wilton, the friend whom I loved and trusted, and who repaid me by treachery and d«eeit ; I wonder what, in reason and common justice she expects me to do for him. But there is no limit to a woman's expectations, and she knows nothing of reason and less of justice. . However, let her come and see me by all means and teli me her history. It cannot fail to be interesting to me after patiently waiting twenty years for it. Oh, yes, I will hear the history of Constance and Henry Wilton by ail means, And try to forget that she was once my promised wife, and he my dearest friend, and that both played me false. It is perfectly true that every thing comes to him who knows how to wait, and revenge is not the worst thing in life worth waiting for. ' Hard, stern, uncompromising was Ralph Oldcastle's face as he wrote a few lines on half a sheet of paper : — ' If Mrs. Wilton will call on Mr. Oldcastle at three o'clock on Monday he will be pleased to learc in what way he can be of service to her.' That was all he said, and he smiled with almost fiendish malignity as he thought how it would mislead her; yes, he would be pleased enough to know how he could help her, but knowing how, would he do it, was a more doubtful matter. If a man like Ralph Oldcastle waits twenty years for revenge for a real or imaginary injury he is not going to forego it at a moment's notice. It was foolish of Constance Wilton to appeal to him for AuldLang Syne, for the memory of those days was still sore in his heart. Chapter H. ' connie, unaltered by time or circum- stance, stood before him.' It was on Saturday afternoon that the lawyer wrote to Mrs. Wilton, and on Sunday morning he went, according to his usual custom, to the Temple Church. Neither the service nor the sermon impressed him very much; his thoughts were busy with the past, and in the after noon, instead of going for a walk according to his almost invariable habit, he sat down in an easy chair and began to think what he should say. on the morrow. Would Constance be much changed? He laughed aloud as he thought of how heavily time had , touched hiqiself, When he last saw her he was a, light-hearted young fellow of five- and- twenty, with plentiful 'waving black hair that she had often run her white, fingers through ; now he was old and grim and bald and altogether unlovely. She would have altered, too, doubtless, if tbere was any poetic justice ; she should look worse than he — remorse should have silvered her hair, j saddened hereyes, seared her forehead, and poverty, the iron-heeled, would have crushed her down, for' Wilton was poor, and the sort of man that would remain poor all his life, he reflected, with a grim ohuckle ; the sort of man who never knew how to take care of the pence, and consequently never likely to have many pounds that might be left to tbeir own devices, while he, Ralph Oldcastle, was rich, rolling and wallowing in wealth. The thought was soothing, it was enjoyable. Money Was power, ihfluence, happiness, and money could buy his revenge. It was a still, sultry day, with thunder in the atmosphere. The silence in Pump Court was unbroken save by a drowsy murmur of insects i« the air. As he sat alone the lawyer's thoughts went back to a Sunday long ago, when he first saw Constance Reads. It was just such weather — sultry, oppressive, and distinctly threatening, and he noticed her change colour several times during service as a distant' peal of thunder echoed sulkily among the hills. He was on a visit to some relatives in Cumberland, and in the course of a few days he met Constance Reade, the vicar's only daughter, and from the very first moment he met her he loved her. Before his brief holiday was over, for he waB studying law then, he told her of his affection! and he asked her to be his wife. ' Then followed three months of absence cheered by her loving letters, and again he visited Cumberland. The memory of that month was the happiest of his whole life— not a cloud or shadow or sad recollection darkened it; it was all clear, unbroken summer sunshine, and it was after his return she wrote him those tender, loving letters lying in the ol i bureau. At Christmas he went North again, accompanied by his chum, Harry Wilton. He Was handsome, clever, fascinating ; knew all about church decora tions, acting charades, tableau vivants, could sing, dance, skate, make himself agreeable in a score of frivolous ways Ralph Oldcastle despised, but tbat found favour in the eyes of the ladies. Of coarse, he and Connie liked each other; that was only natural, seeing that Harry was Ralph's chum ; and after a tia.e everyone, except the confident and happy lover, saw that Wilton was abusing his friend's kindness, and paying more than ordinary attention to Connie Reade. But the holidays ended, both young men returned to town, and a month after Wilton left suddenly, saying he had business in Scotland. Connie joined him, and they were married ; leaving her astonished and indig nant father to break the news to the outraged ' lover. The vicar was a man of honour, and though, as a Christian, he forgave his daughter, he refused to receive either her or ber husband ; both had offended past such practical pardon as that Ralph Oldcastle registered a vow to be revenged some day on them both, and then, with a resolution seldom equalled, he buried every thought of the woman who had deceived him and the friend who had betrayed him at the bottom of his heart, and piled monuments of thought, hard as granite, on the top of them. Wilton gave up the study of iaw; he could not return to London and face his friend, and some of his relatives procured him a situation in a bank in Birmingham. That was the last- Ralph heard of him. He never sought to know more, but he waited with slow, unex- pectant pesistency for the turn of fortune's wheel that he assuredly felt would bring him face to face with his enemy. And now the time was at hand. He had not gene out of his way to seek it, but fate, who, if left to work out her will, balances most things, brought his vengeance to his very door. Again and again he assured himself that ha was happy ; that had ha to live his life -over again faa would not wish it any different. Love, marriage, little children clinging to his neck, strong sons and fair daughters to cheer and gladden him — what did they all amount to? Vanity and vexation. His daughters would leave him for the first empty whipper-snapper that came by, his sons might perhaps squander -his substance in riotous living. Toil, care, worry, anxiety. Would he change his life of up- broken peace and quiet for those things? No ; a thousand times no. As he sat thinking, a sudden shadow darkened the room, followed by a blinding flash, and then along, crackling peal of thunder, that seemed to shake the house to its very foundation. The lawyer shivered nervously, and passed his hand across his brow. There was some thing uncanny in the air, something terribly oppressive in the awful stillness that followed that sudden peal. For the first time in his life, perhaps, he realised what it was to feel alone — utterly, really, helplessly alone. Then through the stiilnesB came a gentle tap at the outer door, as if the knocker was raised by a feeble or faltering hand. He listened in wonder for a few minutes ; then it was repeated more loudly, and, with a strange, puzzled expression, be stood up and opened the or. There, on the mat, pals, trembling, scared by the storm, and shrinking back as if still more afraid of him, stood Constance Reade — Connie, as he had known'her long ago, with the same sweet smile, tender, loving eyes, and annny hair ; Connie, unaltered by time or circumstauce, stood before him, mutely pleading, with out stretched hands, and with a low, suppressed cry he took them and led her into the room. Chapter III.— He is Guilty, Ralph ; but he is Connie's Father, and I Want You to Save Him.' Ralph Oldcastle plaoed , his trembling visitpr in a seat, and regarded her curiously for a few moments, a thousand strange thoughts chasing . each other through his brain. Was Constance dead and this her ghost? Was he mad or dreaming? He couldn t determine, and the girl sat silent, waiting for him to speak. 'Who are yoa, and what can I do for you ?' he said at length, in a slow, husky voice. 'I am - ConEtahce Wilton, and I've come because my mother is very ill. She bids me thank yon for writin Will you come and see her, as she is not able to come to you, and to morrow may bo too late? ' Then you are her daughter T / Yes, her only child. I have no one in the wide world except her, and soon I fear, I fear 9.k' sr' cao yon do anything for hor ? She is dying, I think, of want and misery and loneliness, and I am powerless to help her ; oan yon?' and she caught bis hand and j looked entreatingly into his face. i 'I will do what I can,' he replied, not \ meeting her glance. « What is it you want ?' | rain Viiisruhiff / Come and see mother ; she Bays to-morrow will be too late,' 't You have a father, bave you not ?' Yea, I have a father, but I have not seen him for a long time, a&d; mother never speaks of biai now, growing suddenly crimson and hatitiag her head.- But Mr. Oldcastle asked, no more questions. Obeying a sudden impulse he. pas on hfe hat and said be. was ready to accompany Connie home, glancing at rier furtively as she- led the Way down stairs. ' So like, 'he muttered, ' so like that it might be her very self. Is it a mere trap, I wonder, or is she really ill.' Ha was not left long in doubt; the girl, walked swiftly up Fetter lane and then turned down a narrow street. In one of thft poorest and shabbiest of a row of wretched houses Mrs. Wilton and her- daughter were lodging, and Ralph Oldcastie shuddered as he thought of their surroundings. But Connie passed through a doable row of idlers and loungers without appearing to see them, and entered & room on the third floor. On a rickety horsehair -sofa Jay a woman with white hair, a worn, colourless faee, and closed eyes —Connie's mother. The lawyer started -and smothered an exclamation. 8 Could that emaciated woman be Constance Rease ? Surely not !' Mother, dear, here is Mr. Oldcastle,' the girl whispered, and, as she opened her eyes and extended her hand, he seemed to recognise her. A strange tremor passed through his frame as he touched those wasted fingers, and all feelings of revenge died out of his heart toward her ; but, with some one. else, there would be a heavy account to Settle. ( Thank you for ooming, Ralph,' she said, faintly. ' I did not ask you till the very last, but I knew you would not fail me. Connie, leave us alone ; I have much to say to Mr. Oldcastle.' Reluctantly the girl left the room and closed the door after her, hut she did net go far. She observed a startling change in her mother's appearance even during the short time she had been absent. ' Perhaps it may only be the effects of the storm. Mother was always dreadfully frightened by thunder,' Bhe said, as she stood at the window watching the lightning cleave through the black clouds. Bat her heart misgave her; there was some thing beside mere nervous dread in her mother's face. Ralph Oldcastle sat down by the sofa and waited for Mrs, Wilton to speak. 8 You forgive me, Ralph,' she said at length. I treated you ill, but £ have suffered, and I want you to forgive him and to help him ; he is in prison, and will soon be tried for a terrible crime. He is guilty, Ralph, but he is Connie's father, and I want you to save him.' ' If he is guilty how can I save him ? ' The words came low and hoarse ; the woman, for old time's sake, was expecting too much from him. ' You are clever, Ralph, terribly clever. I heard of you, and read all your speeches, and if you try to save any one you can. If you are against any one there is little hope for him. Ralph, you will not appear against your old friend, against her father, and send him to a convict prison. Think of it, she will scon have no one in the world but him ; would you leave her utterly friendless ? So young, so beautiful, so inexperienced. If you have a daughter, Ralph, think of her now aud spare my Connie.' 1 You ask more than it is in my power to grant, Mrs. Wilton ; law and justice are not in my bands/ he said, coldly. ' But you can do much ; you are engaged for the prosecution in the Clifton Swindling Case, and — and Harry Wilton is implicated in it ; if you appear against him he is loEt.' 8 Oh 1 ' The exclamation seemed wrenched from the very depth of Ralph Oldcastle's heart, and was followed by a long silence. I will not appear against him,' he said, at length ; ' don't say anything more abent him now. bat tell me what I can do for you ! ' ' Nothing, Ralph, I am past all help; bat if yoa will promise to be a friend to Connie when I am gone it will make my last hours easier. She will be utterly alone should any thing — should the worst — happen to ber father ; but you .will save him— 1 know yon will. He was sorely tempted, and was but the tool cf others. Have mercy on him, Ralph — you who never knew want or misery —who, in your happy, prosperous life, were never brought face to face with temptation. You must be merciful — for you are strong and he has suffered.' I will do what I can.' The words came slowly and reluctantly, but he could not deny the request of the woman, who with her latest breath pleaded for her husband, though he had brought her to such a depth of misery ana destitution. Yet he ground his teeth with suppressed rage, as he felt his vengeance slowly slipping through his fingers. He was a hard man, but be was human, and revenge was cuius £ place by that couch; even Ralph Oldcastle fait that. After a little more conversation about Connie and some feebly-expressed fears for her future, Mrs. Wilton suddenly sank into a dcza, and in a few moments her daughter entered the room and glanced at the couch anxiously. ' Mother is worse,' she whispered ; what bave you been saying to her, sir ? ' ' Nothing, darling, only that he will be kind to you when I'm gone,' the invalid said faintly. Mr. Oldcastle has been very, very good, Connie, and yon most be grateful to him all your life.' 'Yes, mother,' and her eyes filled with tears. I could not help being grateful to any orie who was kind to you.' I have done nothing — nothing — and I think your mother had better rest ; she seems very muoh fatigued. 1 I'll call again to morrow/ and Mr. Oldcastle left the room hurriedly, with a strange, cold feeling -flown bis back. Connie carried him dangerously into the past, and his thoughts were of -her as he walked up and down the Embankment for two hours before returning to his chambers. The storm had cleared awav; the atmosphere was lighter, and the lawyer felt lighter, too, than he had done for a long time. Before ten o'clock the next morning he had done two fehings thafc he would have laughed to scorn at the mere suggestion of two days ; before. He had thrown down his brief in ? the great C;ifton Swindling Case secured the services of an able counsel to - defend Henry Wilton. Then he went round % o -ivfririt -t-rr 'in -'.riiif --n>> i Wwi wpinii«n»jiw«n i < iitrtwq to Mrs. Wilton's lodging, feelinga stealthy sensation of pleasure as he anticipated her joy and gratitude. Connie opened the door in answer to his knock, and laid her finger on her lip to command silence as she led him is The blind was down and the room in deep- eb&dow.; 8 Mother's asleep ; s she has slept quite peacefully for , some hours/ the girl whispered, moving on tip-toe ; we must be very careful not to, wake her.' Cautiously Ralph Oldcastle dreja f near the eofa and laid one finger on thewaated wrist. v Them he drew back suddenly, and Cpnnie was at his side in a moment. One look into bis face and she read the whole truth. Thpre waB no more waking in this world fer Constance - Wilton, and with an exceedingly bitter cry her daughter dropped down insensible at Ralph Oldcastle's feet. Chapter IY. — ' I Might Have Known What to Expect from a Woman's Gratitude/ Six months passe 1 by before the grim - lawyer in Pump Court fully realised the great change that had come over him. Life y/&3 no longer the doll monotonous routine it had been.- Thare was brightness and beauty f. in the solidly shabby chambers, for Con stance Wilton was there. She had been living with Mr. Oldeaatle ever since her mother's death. He tGok her home that day, and she had- never left him since. His efforts- were unavailing to save her father. _ He was too clearly guilty, but death mercifully re leased him from paying the penalty of his crimes, and, save for her self- constituted guardian, Connie was alone in the world. At first the lawyer did not know what to do with her, but she adapted herself to his life and fitted in with his ways wonderfully. There was pleuty cf room in those rambling chambers, and he soon had two little closets fitted up, where she could retire to if she seemed at all in the way. Flowers bloomed in the windows and out side them, and there was a brightness and gladness about the place it had never known before. It never struck Ralph Oldcastle that oh&sibers; in the Temple was scarcely the place for one so young and beautiful to re side. He was strangely unmindful of con ventionalities at all iime3 ; all he requested was that she would not go out without him, but he laid no restriction on her as to how she amused herself all day. As the weeks 'and months passed he beoame distinctly con scious of one thing— he could never lose her again. She had grown into his heart and into his life, filled the place once occupied by her mother, and this second love tbat had sprang up in him was, perhaps, more interne than the first. He fairly revelled in it, and congratulated himself on the solitude ho had lived in ; no fascinating friend to step in now and win his prize. Connie knew no one, saw no one but himself, and she seemed per fectly happy and contented. Every day ho resolved to tell her the state of his feelings and ask ber to fc3 his wife, yet when night came he found he had been silent, he scarce knew why ; perhaps because he did not like to break the pleasant, affectionate relations that existed between them. One day, how ever, he did not go out in the morning ac cording to his usual custom, and Connie started when she entered the sitting-room and found him there. She blushed to a deep crimson and seemed uneasy, and Mr. Oldcastle construed the cir cumstances favourably, and resolved ttr hesi tate no Longer, 8 Come here, Constance,' he said, gently drawing her to the high couch ; 8 1 have something of great importauce to say to you. Listen, ray dear cna— I love you. I want you to be my wife 1' Oh, no, no — that can never be,' she cried, springing away from him with such an ex pression ol utter dismay that he grew sick and chill. Oh, please, Mr. Oldcastle, don't say that 1' 1 1 must say it, for it is true. I love you/ he replied, ith some return of his dogged manner. 8 Whether you care for me or net is ahosher question. Am I so very hateful that you cannot even oome near me ?' 8 It is not that,'' she wailed, kneeling beside him and hiding her face on his knee ; 8 1 love you dearly, dearly, but not that way — I never thought of it, dreamed of it.' Is it too lats to think of it now, then ?' Yes, too late. . Oh, please, say no more.' Ycu love some one else. As your guardian, I have at least the right to ask tbat. Tell me the trntb, Constance ; I will know it,' he added fiercely, jealousy, anger, and disappointment all surging like fire through his veins ; but she only sobbed silently, uttering no word, and glancing at him with pleading, tearful eyes. 8 1 might have known what to expect from a woman's gratitude/ he mattered, fiercely ; 8 like mother like daughter ; only she has not deceived me. She, at least, has not deluded me with false promises and false hopes, but Bbe is not honest and straight. How could she be with such a father and mother?' At that moment the sitting-room door opened suddenly, and Edward Little swung into the room. Seeing Connie sobbing on the carpet, he was at her side in a moment. 4 My darling, what is the matter?' he said, taking both her hands ; ' are you ill ?' Ralph Oldcastle reeled back a step as if stricken by a sudden blow. 8 You, too !' he cried ; 'this is too much. Edward Little stand back; and Constance Wilton, look up and answer me.' ' I'll answer for her, sir/ the young fellow said, firmly, drawing the trembling girl closer to him. 8 1 love her, and she returnsmy affection, and has promised to be my wife-f- that's all. I'm sorry, sir, that We did not ask your consent, ; bat it came on ua both before we knew.' \ ' You baveapoken to me. of gratitude, Edward Little? ?pleifl)fed yon mi various ocoasfohtwlftB friend to you. Bid yon, mean to pfcove yotfr gratitude by stealing the nffecMone of my ward and betraying the confidence I reposed in you ? But I expected nothing, and am not disappointed. You may go. I have nothing further to say.' 'But I have, sir. I have betrayedhotrust, been guilly of no fault. Day after day/ Week alter week, month after month, yuu hfeve left her alone without a eguI td "ftpeak ip ftro - I loved her— nuder the circumstances no||e could help doing so— and vhta tblBp .ibnndra . anl ; 'tevtmQpokdnpnrfaten .As for ! ypa BuBfcancei ynp; mute choose Ibetween bun: indtee him hp, And'- yon. shall be na my j ..cleaye to him, and' we Arp i ''",7.,,., 7:"; 7";-".' 'V.? Is there no qther way ?' 8te cried, clasping her hands. Oh l Bir, ha merftiful to as l' '7; Bternly. - ,7' ' v ?;"r Slolte withdrew her hand "and placed it In Edwam Kftfe'e. . jehoseoV ste I thank f or Bll your great kiudness. I' ain deeply, bittpily grieved at' having offended , yon, bntXjlqvewacd ; 1 oarinotwe him up.5 €Sq" nteeh foe a woman's graritude,' thfii lawyer said, scornf rilly. « BtdV 'bn are | tionesfe, and I reBpeot the qnality when I meet with it. You may rcmain liere for a rwcek ; by teat time I suppose HeiLittle will have a home ol some sort to take you to. And now j I think this interview may end.5 ' . Ralph Oldcastle appeared at the breakfast table nesi morning with a very pale face, ; and a-ouiiouB, soared expression in his eyes. ; Connie was at her. aecuaiomed post, but she looked ill and hsgg&rd;, after a sleeplees eight, i To her infinite surprise, her guardian bent I down and tenderly kissfed ber on the forehead. ' ' I was harsh yesterday, my dear ; forget all ' I said to you, and tell Edward I forgive him, ; and that te may come back.5 I He was not a mail who did anything by halves, and when Connie and Edward were 1 married they had a pleasant home provided , for them, and a liberal income. It was a long time before they learned the reason of i his sadden forgiveness, and they thought j it a slight cause for such a very, happy effect. \ Mr. Oldcastle had dreaded that Mrs. Wilton \ had stood by his bedside and asked him, for j Auld Lang Syce, to be kind to her child ; then i finding he did not answer, she added solemnly, Forgive, as you hope to be forgiven.' i Three, times was the dream repeated before he gave in. He never told them of? the icy \ touchnn his forehead, of the bodily presence ; he believed stood by his bedside, hui his pride was brbess, his heart softened, and he pardoned Connie Wilton and her levsr. And he never regretted it They are tbis \ chi-clcea row, and thsir little ones will cheer j aad comfort his old age. Revenge to some natures may be sweet, but stern Ralph Old- ! easiis has found out that it's tefiuiteiy a teeter ; to forgive, \ 