ODD::;NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. i j Thb elections , last Monday proved more vt: disastrous to the- Ministry than was expected. * .In'spite of special trains and Qargett'a gang * ' 'from tho.Brisbane Valloy railway, who worked :,' like niggers and polled as often as they had the . ..opportunity,, the other side were "one too a .many '' for them list Monday, and se.-ured six 1' seats out of the seven. .3 he Ministerial side f - made cock-surb of getting The O'Sullivan in for \ Carnarvon, and had givat hopes of Affleck .' for Darling Downs, Benjamin for Warwiek, , . and Donglas for Drayton and Toowoomba, but they failed in every instance. The fact is that , the ministerial tactics at the Aubigny election " could not be adopted in all their full force and siniplisity on Monday—the Opposition oandi ; ■ dates, or rather their election committees, took .'. "measures to countoract thom, and were suceess ; ful to a great extent. Even Gargett's brigade, i :j indefatigable as they were, could not : vote a sufficient number of times to make a1 majority in any single electorate named. ".'I;'was;' not a bit sUrpriibd at Douglas get ting well-beaten at Drayton and Toowoomba. • f .X should have been very much surprised if ho 7 hadn't—almost' as much- surprised indeed as T was at his coming out as a candidate for that i ;'electorate under the anspices of the Minister I, for lands. My old friond lias now liad 'his i fling and can make up his mind to retire into private life for a few years, unless something very unexpected happens; I expected Affleck ' would run Kates very hard if lie did not 'boat him on the Downs^ but hero again . tho admirablo arrangements mado by. the V'btber side for: preventing personation and ' double or treble voting, told sadly against ^'Affleck.At .Warwick ho polled a. majority, i- and under tho; supposition*, that this decided the ccntrst in his* favou-, his supporters' then ' insisted upon "chairing" him, that is they carried him in a chair on thoir shouldera from j .the polling plaeo to.liis, hotel a* a cbh^uoring ; hero. ; Tho; roturni, from; tho■ .other, polling ; places soon " knocked. all the stuffing " out of . this, idea, figuratively speaking.' Tho chair . jing ". party had to sorrowfully cdnfcssJTator oh u hi tho evoning. that they wero rathor 'proma ; ture iu their rojoioing. But tho.defeat of The O'Sullivan for Carnarvon lias boon tho " soTercst blow to tho Ministry and an im ixntant section of tho party that supports it that i they have yet lmd toenduro. It is quitotruothat Protestants and base and sanguinary Saxons are now pretty well wooded out of all tie lower ' ranks of railway omployfB, nnd tliora is little ,, dangor of tho men who have been put iu thoir places being disturbed so long as they bchavo , thomsolves. But O'Sullivan was so usoful to itlio Ministry, in many other. - ways ..not. no cossary to specify, and could ho so thoroughly dopendod upon for services wliioli few mtn :.can or will render a Ministry, that X do not , know how tho dickens they will got on without him. Even "Doctor" Hamilton and Fred ■ Cooper put together wero not cqunl to O'cullivail. Put lie will havo to bo dono without nowi He, too, has beon most unmistnkoably rblegnted to ... private life for a timo, as ho would, bo of littlo luo in tho legislative Couhail. This last batch, of - elections / lots tho Ministry out in a most nn'mistakoablo manner. < ; < ' Alofor fr6m a gentleman, who is just- now on Downs, somewhere in the neighbourhood of Tyburn,' reveals to mo the fact vtbat the samp oW. eyBtoci' of. pfevpnting I small selectors from , getting hold of any land I 'wortlrliaving—any land from which it is I possible foy them to earn a living either now or at any fnturo time—-is still in active operation. I This is wliab my correspondent writhe respecting some runs ho lias recently traversed:— "'-Part ot these runs have • boon resumed and thrown Open tor selection in blocks of 80 to 100 acres; and, slrango to sty, it is every bit of it selected; bat bo * tho poor devil* livo is a mystery. There is not one of them that has pot a drop of water on bis ground. Thoyhavo todrivo their stock sometime* miles ton well, and haul water for ibom; but tbat is nob diifi cult, for moat of tbctn haven't got any stock to water. Tho fact of tbo matted is tills: when tho squatter saw tbat part of hi* run liad to bo resumed for selection, bo used kl« influence and got tho very worst, drr, stony, back part proclaimed as a homestead area. He thereby got a lot of Btation met, See., to tako up 80 to 160 acres (for they could not get more), and thereby secured a snpply of labour fnr his station at bis own. terms, for no man can make a living off 80 or 100 acres here, and tbo law ompels him to live on it. .Therefore ho makes a homo, and works for tbo squat ter at whatever wages be likes to pay him. Of course! tbero are exceptions, but what I stiy is the rulo; for you can see them (the "cockys," as tbey are callod) at tho stations making a few pounds by shearing and washing, &o.; I do not think thoro is an aero of good land with water frontage «,u tho^Downs available for the small selector. It roads just for all tho world as though it had boon written sixteen or eighteen years ago— don'fcit, now? This is the way in which the j present Ministry encourage a ttloment on the | country lands, and Mr. Morehead told the electors of Carnarvon tlie other day that if Griffith comes into power and carries a bill through Parliament to grant indefeasible lenses of areas which small pastoral farmers really can get a living from—the dummying of these areas will bo carried on to an enormous extent^ as it can ba done as.easy.as kissing your hand, or Binging in bed. Tory- likely ho.is. right. I don't know anybody whose word on suoh a subject is en'itb-d to moro weight than Morehead's. He lias studied the subject in all its various.bearings, and has, fromlmg expori enco, acquired an intimate and practical know, lodge which gives great authority to any state ment he may make on a question of this kind Still, the old system of dividing runs so that the most worthless and useless half is always and invariably thrown open for selection and getting all the best parts of that half dummied, has been Agoing on vigorously for the last eighteen years with no sign of abateinont, and no ghost of a chance for anybody but tho big cormorant squatter, alone, or as a member of a syndicate! and I think if is about a fair thiDg now to try the other pi in for a time, if only to break the monotony of the old routine. I see by the " Comparative Statement" of the Colonial Treasurer's revenue, returns, pub lished in the daily papers on Wednesday, that, he had a credit balance on the 30th of last September of £613,59115s. 9d. 1 am not a bit surprised at it. 1 should not have been sur prised if it had been double the amount^ seeing how many ways tho Government havo of,scoop ing in revenue, and how skilful the Government officers are at making the public " bleed extra on every possible occasion. Talk about" sharp practice" and getting "bitten through both ears"—why if I wore inclined to gambleon the subject, 1 would back at long odds some of the Government departments against the keenest and most unscrupulous Israelite in', tho colony at making a man pay doublo or treble what lie ought to pay in any monetary transaction lie-may have with tbem. You sec tho Civil Service has the whip-hand of the general publio, because they (tho Civil Servicot of course) can crcuto tho source of extra re venue befuro they begin to draw upon it, and tho public aro utterly powerless all tho time: Take the Bailway Department, for instance The railway officers have a number of ways by which they can make porsons pay double or; treble the ordinary rate by .a-TitLlo "hanky panky" dodging. Thorewas the case mentioned in tho papers last , week of charging doublo freight on a parcel because tho carriage wes not pre-paid by affixing stamps to .it. , Then.Mr'. Marwodcl, of Toowoomba, mentions in another column-a little dodgo by which tho Commis sioner for Hallways made a man bleed vory~ freely at Cambooya recently by carrying him a steam ongino to that place,- omuting for.two days to provide a chain strougenough to unship, tho machinory from tho railway truok to tho bullock drays thor.i wailing to rocoivo it-and liion charging tho consignee for domurrngo of tho railway truck for tho two days that the railway authorities kopt ;hi uwaiting .for a 'chain with which to unship his- maoliinery. I liavo another oaso'.in'-point' This is what a correspondent writes :— : Last month Ihml occasion to send a small violin in a case from llrishano to Sydney by iho A.S.N. Ooiu. liary's stoaluor. Altera loint, aoarcli I (oand a ship, ulna ciorx.-.: Ifo cluinjcil..... Cil, .v.,.1 tbch tohl ...o 1 should ha'vo to pass ontrics.'. After doing this a six penny stamp was affixed to the doetimont,'and I was told to send it to my corrcspoiulont.' nnd ho would bo ablo to recelvo the piircol. ■ I ..was fairly surprised at . his fon.Unc mi word ho was mado to pay another Ss 0d„'wllli no additional Is. Gd. for.entries. Now; ,s. Is no'amall ohargo oo a small pared net ovon sovou pounds woitflit; nor worth-more than Vs..; • ■ I am not quito oloar whotluir this'7s. touch for sending a 80s. violin from Brisbane to Sydney is a Government or'an A.S.N. Company's impost,' but am inohned to think it mus( bo tlio Government. The charge is too extravagant. to be made by a private company tliafcjdoes business, on bunnoss principles. * j &fi; ■> " If. any,ono is Yontureaome enough to^ ex^r: else to the fullest possible1 extent the right ot private judgmentin matters o! religion, brings to the task a roverenb and receptive frarao of mind, and clings tenaciously to the teachings of the founder of : Christianity as* they! are. given in' tho four. GoBpela-clings* to. them; and accepts them as of infinitely higher autho: rity than' anythingsubsequently said or "written by Paul or Peter, and honestly, humbly, and sincerely strives His very best to live up to, those teachings on week days,'as well as. Sun-• days at homp and abroad—that man or woman will como out right in fc^o end, depend upon it, no matter what tb'o cKurches'may say to the contrary"' This is what the late George Daw son, of -Birmingham, 25 years ago was in the. habit of impressing upon a number of young men who used to look up to him as their guide, philosopher, and friend, and place implicit confidence in his judgment on such matters., It was impossible to know George Dawson intimately and not have confidence in him—at least that was the conclusion a la*ge number of young fellows came to. But tbis Gcorgo Daw son was a heretic of a very pronounced type. Ho held that it was the bounden duty of every one to think the thing out for himself and be able to give. a:reason of .his own fcrfchc faith that was in him. whether it .-whh :t>i« conclusions previously arrived :at by others or not*' Ho h rid in very low estimation the main who depended solely for his religious belief on somo catechism, thirty-nine articles, Westmin ster confeasioo, or something of that hind,:and only exercised the right of private'judgment so. long as it led him to conclusions in strict con* formityjrith_tbese standards! This, soJC have been told scores of times since, is just where ho was' altogether "wrong. ' It may be so. Anyway, a "number of people do not seem to be able to thoroughly msfce up their minds either one way or the other, and are consrquently in a state of suspense more or less painful all thoir Hyes! which must be more unsatisfactory to them even than if they definitely accepted the standards n or set up one of their own. An English paper re cently to hand gives an illustration. A good woman at Gainsborough, so it says, was on Inr death-bed, aod inew it, so she called, or had called in, quite a number of ministers of religion belonging to the various denomi intions. in the neighb;urhood, including | a priest of the Roman Catholic Church, a clergyman of the Church of England, a ; minister of the Wesleyan body, and a Primitive Methodist preacher. She toot these gentle men in regular order, turn and turn about, and approved of their ministrations so much. that until thoyery last aho could not decide which among the number she believed in most. She never did decide in fact, but died with a taint of all those denominations about her. Kow, how would you classify that woman ? 1 