MISCELLANEOUS IUISII ITEMS Mir. Jfstics B.uinv, at tho Munster Winter Assizes at Cork last week, passed sentences upon prisoners who had been found guilty of various offences during the Commission. . Two brothers, named DeLhunly,. for shooting with intent to murder, were sent to penal servitude for life; and David Fleming, for taking part with another person in shooting and wounding, was sentenced to twenty jcars' penal servitude. Lady Florence Dixie lias declined to nceept a testimonial in appreciation of her efforts to re lieve the Irish distress. It' is consequently announced that the £286 contributed for that purpose will be returned to the subscribers. : A soldier has been tried by court-martial at Lenmore Barracks, Qalway, for having left his post while on duty outside the gaol, alleging that he saw the ghost of Myles Joyce, which frightened him. away. His story, was ;dis? believed, and he , was sentenced. to twelve months' io prisonment. The authorities are convinced that the knives found some months ago near tlio re >r of the house of one of the men arrested on January 13, arc those used in the Phamix Park assassi nations ; for they fit exactly the width . of the cuts in'the c'othes of Lord Frederick Caven dish'and Mr. Burke. I The cityVof Xirnf rick was virtually in n state of siege on the night of January 15. ' Liarge bodies of police, armed with rifles and revolvers, patrolled the principil thoroughfares.*' Two mea were arrested, but no arms wcrefouhd upon them. ' . Mr. Parnell's estate ha3 been the sceno of another popular demonstration. Several hun dred people assembled with bands to plough bis land, and a large stubble Geld adjoining bis demesne was ploughed up very quickly, over 200 ploughs being engaged, while in a field of 21 acres at Garrymore 80 plougliB were employed. i AtLismore Presentment Sessions Mr Currey, agent for the Duke of Devonshire, has claimed £415 as compensation for the malicious de struction of a range of out-offices which wore burnt on the farm of Mr. Boyle, tenant of the Duke, near Lismore, on; November 21. Mr. Boyle had two c'aims arising out of the same occurrenc*. There were three fires within short intervals, and several cattle were de stroyed on the first occasion. The. present ments were passed. : ■ Earl Fpcncer, when tho guest of the Earl of Portsrlington, was waited upon by a deputation from the town of Portarlington, on January 18. The Lard Lieutenant, in the course of his reply, sail:—" Tcu refer to the crime which, during recent years, prevailed to an alarming : extent and to the improvement whi h lias now taken place. I am glad to think of this improvement. The lawless men who long assumed to .them selves the right to take the lives and regulate the actions of peaceful and law-abidiog people of this country, are now learning that they can not, with impunity, break the laws of the land; It lias been the duty of the Government to endeavour to restore' true liberty of action to every subject of the Qneen—to enable crery citizen freely and safely to follow his businfes, and to fulfil his duties as lie thinks best. I hope that some progress has been made towards this end, but after the events of recent years it is impossible that the evil can be at once eradi cated." 