MRS. IRT'LES' BOARDERS. By ~I. i. WHITWORTH . '.. (Cooaxrruu.) -. " Very well. Those who are in favor--ah I good. Those against-nono. Carried unaul. mously. Next business." "Thle next business, Mr. Chalirman'," said Bob Brown, rising,." in to charge your glasses -All full 7-Gentlemen, hero's success to the enterprise, and good luck to Miss Tulk, and God bless herl " "With a hlip -hip.lip, hurrah, &c.;" But a penetrating voice came from the half. open door of Mrs. lirlles' little back roonm, which said, "Too much noise. Go to bed, dear baoys. fGood-night, and God bless you." "All right, tnother. Good-night." Atnd we went. ")Dear little woman. She had overheard every word we had said, and I verily believe was crying with joy wralen alia'spolo to fus. And our enterprise was crowned with soc cess. E?ach man laid himself out for his work, and the result was that within a fort night the words were written, thenmusic com. posed, and the songs sung, all three of them, at a concert in which Bob Brown was inter. ested. Taho words were of hvornge mcrit,lbut the melodies were fresh anld characteristic, and the harmony showed the work of an ac complished musician. They were favourably Inentioucd in thl papers, and MIossrs. Quaver, Crotchet S; Co., the great music publishers of Collins Street, jumped at the chanci of pub lishing them. SSo Miss Tulk was set on hotfreet, for taken largo and by, as sailors say, whatswitll tlhe original royalties for singing, and the copy. right, for Quaver, Crotlho & Cao., bought them out and out, she netted something over sixty pounds, with the promiseofo as much work as sheo, in her' delicate statohof health eared to uidertale, and so there as great jubilation in thi hlouse of Birtles; UIAPTERI VIII. S ;A sAnDnowco' EiVi. ' ' Yes, jubilation, but not all jubilatii ' The sldektpMiss Tulk, whatever it'wis,h been too groat for her nervous iystem, unstr ngns' had been by thogrie ltnown only to tar If, to withstand with impunity, and altliougl she gradually recovered her health," her ph strength was evidently materially. i ad, and baer mind, if not positively unhinged, severely shaken. There was no positive ailment, and I. though Dr. Brightstone used to call occasi - ally to see his patient, more I fancy out- of feeling of sympathy and friendliness towar the sod silent woman who seemed to belong to another world than ours, who was, so to speak, with us but not of us, than because the thought he could do her much good profes. sionally, and although she slowly regained her colour and liar good looks, for although some. what haggard and faded, it was easy to be seen that in her time, and that at no very long period back, she had been a beautiful woman, still lie would say to us, or any of us, when sloe aas absent, "Alh I there's some thing flhero that I hacn't piobed yet, some. thing that tlhe finger of science cannot touch. Time is a great healer, but time does not heal every wound to the heart. However, time alone can tell, and to timh alone we must trust." As I Ihavesaid there was no positive nil mcent physical or mental, and yet there was something that could not but cause us all great anxiety. Than Mrs. Birtles, and I may say, the rest of us, niobody could be kinder, and, in an unobtrusive way, more attentive, but sahe seemed to be a prey to a kind of settled melancholy. And yet it was not exactlynmelancholy. It wans rather a restless moodiness, a larking and ever present pre sentiment of misfortune, a weight as if of impending trouble, a nameless terror that shel could not away with. It was no longer anxiety for the' material needs of the present or even of the future, for thanks to her own skill aab a musician, and thanks also perhaps to a word or so in the right place and in due season-" and a word in due season how good it is"-from some of its who were not altogether withoutsomo little influence in artistic circles, her work became nore and more known and appreciated, and as a matter of course, more in demand, so that " tloeoruse of oil and the barrel of meal " seemed likely never to fail. Beside that, as the days went on, and sithe grew stronger, her pupils came back to her, and soon all her time was fully occupied. in writing music, and giving lessons in the various accomplish monts of which she was mistress. And tirhe poor lady was grateful, in her own quiet undemonstrative way, oh hew grateful she was to us. She might have, nay, as we once or twice delicately hinted, now that alto was getting.on so well, ought, for her own sako, to have removed to a more fashionable part of the city, and into lodgings more suitl able to the social requirements of liher position and to her breeding, but to this she replied with tearsiii her eyes ; " And where elro shall I find friends, such true friends as I have found here. No, no, here, amongst yoal, have I found such peace na the world can ever give nne. Dearest, kindest of friceide, do not weary of me I pray. BIere, with you all lot me live my lifo." After that there wais of course nothing to be said, and matters quietly settled down into their ordinary groove. But Miss Tullk would no longer go out teaching, in fact she seemed to have an un controllable horror of leaving tile louse, and niverr wont out of doors oftlcntr thnlu she could possibly thelp, In fact whenover, as sonmelimea was thie case, oho was obliged to visit onl or tnle other lmusic publishers, or to go to see Mr. Lyster at the Opera with a view to tihe alteration or re.arrangoment of soile piece of nmuai, she would only go in a close cab, and was in a state of. pitiable tremor from the moent se let left until ale returned. Sundays only was an exception, wheu hlosely veiled, and leaning on the arm of stalwart Bob Brown -she went to perform her duties at St. Bridget's, and even then, as I have heard Bob say, silo was wont to tremble all the way there and back. This nameoless terror, this conistant dread, what was it ? Some of us lnew, or thllought we know "as ian a glass darkly.'.' Rlather was it we guteesed, that the sudden fright at tihe racecourse, and the tall, dark, noldier!y look. ing man, who had followed her holme, annd who had pawned the locket, had something to do with it, wa felt convinced. But what ? Never mind what. It was a nmystery. It was Miss Tulk's secretl, and no business of ours to enquire ilnto it. Miss TolJ's unaccountalble restlessnces seemed day by dlay to increase. Itgrew to b her wont to sit at ithe winldow, slhaded by tihe curtailns, and seemingly ohlivious of all else, to watch with hlaggardl and anxious eyes for sonmething whlichl never came, somenotlling she felt unconsciously inmpenllcd to look Ior, and yet whichl she feared to see, and we bocamoso acrustomed to this strange proceeding of hers that at length we took no notice. But one evoniog a strange and uacecount able thing took place. One of tho4o things which sometimes oecur, but lwhichl reason re fuses or is important to explain. One of those psychological mysteries beyond tihe reaches of our souls wlhich so strongly point out tile truth of. thie haiknoyed quotation, "Thdre sre more things in heavcu and earth than over we read of in our philosophyv." It was a dark, dissal night-a minerable , night, a night not fit to turn a dog out in. The wind blow in short, sullen gusts, the driving rain fell with a heavy and intermin- i able swish against the closed windows, and the gas lamp at the opposite corner shone sicklily through thie blurred glass. me, that is those of us whoso duties did not call us out, were snugly ensconsed in the general I sitting-room, someo readilg, some chatting, Mrs. Birtles with her interminable sewi1ng, and Miss Talk tallking to herself on the piane as was her frequent habit. Suddenly the snatches of airs and varia. tions on them she had been playing glided off into a wild, weird, but inexpressibly plaintive minor strain, full of strange chords and unexpected cadences. It was like noth. ing we had ever heard before, and we stopped I to listen to, and look at lier. She seemed to be I playing altogether unconsciously, and as if sho were under some unknown and uncontrol ltble spell. The,, after a time, she all at I once let her hands drop on the keyboard with c a hanrsh discord, and rising from the instru. menti with a ghastly whliie and seared face, i and dilated eyes, she' rapidly crossed the I room, and threw lth window wide open, I staring out blankly into the murk street. A moment she stood, the rain boating into her face, and the sharp wind tossing her hair I about her shoulders, and then, with a low, I gasping scream, feli back into the room in a faint. A nolnent, and we were at the window. I Not a night, but the shining pavement, the blinking lamp, and the dim outlines of the opposite houses. Not a round save the ceaseless pleslh of the rain, and the dismal sough of tirhe wind. What had'she seeni? What heard? Who knows? Nothing, maybe, except.that in a I waking trance she had both sooeen and heard the shadow and the far-off voice of coming I evil. . CIdAPTEIBI X. S AREAiaT nUronoc ,AW'N.: :" In tlboeitudohent and gratification 0f Miss Tulk's uitecss; -I had almost forgotten" the locket, and the mysterious minan of this race. course, until I was rcminded of it one day by Mrs. Mosa who had come up to s her frienud, Mrs. Birtles. 'It was a hot day in March; and Invas just putting on a dust coat preparatory to going out after breakfast, when the Jewess came in. - 'SIh should like to have a few words with you before you go; if you please, r.i -Grant" she sald. "Certainly, Mrs. Moss," I replied, returu ing to the dining- room. "Yon remember that locket?" she began. \- "Yes.".. , " . " Well; ho's been again." "Again--where?" - "To Manuo.l's That's Josephson. This time it -was a -watch, a gold repeater, a real Sregue!, very old-fashioned, but'ohl such a Sbeauty. Set round with brilliants and a coat I arms engraved inside the case. I couldn't itiing it with me, you know, because the genttleman might come in any moment to reo deemnit. Not that I think he will, for his sort mostly don't. There was a diamond hoop ring, too, and a bracelet, but they're not so ve uable. He got twenty pounds on the lot." "Are\you sure it's the same man?" I asked. "Oh I trust Manuel for that. He never forgets a face, if'it was ever so." " Well, what do you wantt me to do? " I said. "Come round and see it. Perhaps you can make it out. I believe law gentlemen. under stand coats of arms, and such like. I don't, mlore don't Manucl." I promised, and called than very day. Mr. Joscphson know me through his sister-in-law, and took me into a back olice. Unlocking a safe he took out the watch, whiche I saw at first sight was a valuable, though an old fashioned one. Having some slight know ledge of the science of heraldry, I examined the arms engraved upon it. So far as I could make out, it was, technically speaking, as fol. lows:--Gules, within'a hordure, cngrailed or, a lion rampant of the last. Crest, a lion pan sent or, supporters, tLoo Talbot hounds proper, collared Gales. Motto, "lfunmani nihil aleniume," and surmounting the escut cheon was an Earl's corouet. I took a note of this, thanked him, and left. I next proceeded to the Publio Library, consulted "Blrke," and there soon found what I wanted. "Yes, there it was all correct. The ar morial achievement of the noble house of ChOtwynd-Talbot, the head of the Catholic houses of England, as Earl Talbot unquestion ably is. Although I can hardly say I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly some. what staggered. What connection could poor Miss Tulk have with such a family? And yet the portrait, the, initials, the coronet on. tihe loocket, this strange man, seeing whom I felt convinced had boon the cause of her fright, and who had seen her, and found out her residence. But then again, if he had done so, months had gone by, and he had made no sign. What was this mystery ? I was deter mined to fatliorn it. But how? What busi ness was it of mine? VWhat right hlld I to interfere? Clearly none. If Miss Tulk had a secret, and chose to keep it, it was worse than impecrtinence on my Imrt to meddle. And, yet with a lawyer's instinctive wish toi ferret out things, I longed io get to the bottom of it. Ah I the mystery was solved, and by me, too, sooner than I anticipatsd. Next morning as I was preparing to leave the Ihouse, I stas speaking to Miss Tulle at the time, a knock came to the door. Miss Tulk started with a vague presentiment of evil. Joanna wont to the door and entered the room, announcing, " a gentleman to neco Miss Tulk. The visitor followed close at her heels, and closing the door as sllh left it, stood with his back to it, gaaing at the poor lady with infernal malice. " So, imadam, I have found you ?" She was as white aS a ghost, and staggered, supporting herself by the mantelpiece. "Do not leave mie, Mr. Grant," she gasped. " Mr. Grant, or whatever the devil his name is, will leave you, pretty soon if he con sults his own interest. That is to say, if he don't want to be chucked out of the window," hie retorted, with a sli?er. I could have killed the man. I felt that.- I was accounted one of the best amateur wrest. lrs anud boxers in Melbourne, and I had youth and stamina on my side. lIe had neither, for although lie was tall, and had once been muscular, I know too muchel about training not to seo that dissipation had rendered him olabby, and conmparatlively weak and short. windemld. I tbheroefore replied cahily, "As for that, this lady has requested mies to remain, and remain I shalll. So far as throwing nme out of tle window goes, I should advise you not to try it." He mnoved a step forward, as if to put his throat into execution, but ie stopped, ieansured mo with tls eye, and thought bet ter of it. "/e'll see about that later," lee said. "WVho is this. insolent rullian?" I asked, ignoring his'remark. Hi liaughed a low, fiendish laugh, and said, "Ahl I justso. Whoinhe? " This low, in solent ruftlan is that woman's husband. Let I her deny it ii she can. And now, sir, who are you who dares to stand between a husband and wife, aid prevent their little endearments Sand uonnubnlalities." This was spoken with such an intensity of malignitty, that I alinest shuddered with horror. "Is this 'true, madam ?' I asked. " Yes-no-no," and the words came falter. ingly-"it is not true. That is,*I married I him, but--oh I cannot. tell-the shame of it would kill me." "You lio, you hag," he said brutally. "I do not lio--ohl Mr. Grant, 1 do not lie." "Lie, or no lie, you foul.mouthed scoun- - drel," I interrupted, "you'll hoop a civil tongue in your head to that lady in my pro. sence, or I'll break every bone in your body. You threaten to throw me out of the window. You can't, and you know it. I threaten to kick you into the gutter. I can, and I will. So be careful." " Who are you who are so scrupulous ?" he asked, with a sneer; " who are you to in terfero between a wouan and her loving lord and nmaster?" " I'll tell you if you want to know," I re- I turned, "I am connected with the law--thel criminal law, if you Imow what that means. I an that much professionally. As a private individual I am man enough to protect that a lady, or any other woman I hope, from a c bruto." g My reference to the law was a bow drawn at a venture, but I saw by the whitening of his t lips that my arrow had pierced the joints of w his harness. lie laughed, but forcedly. "Tlhen if you n are a lawyer," he said, " you know that you o must not meddle between husband and wife." ' "The lady denied it, and I believe her," I b said, calmly. . IHe became doggedly furious. " Thalady- s the lady will say anything, curse her I " " The lady will speak the truth, I l-akow that of her," I retorted. t He eyed me with a curious scowl. 0 " You know," lie said, " what do" you know?-per haps she has told you. "Nol Nol Nol On my soul, Edward, I t have iiover breathed a whisper of my sha?no to -a living soul. I hlave never mentioned v your name nor your existonce. As there is.a I Gbd above, I have not." The..pobr woman i cried. " I have hidden myself and my shame and my grief in poverty and obscurity, and hoped I should never see your face again," and she burst into a flood of tears. : "Come, this sympathetic .business won't go doclwn with me, you know,". he said;;: "it may gb down with somo people,but I know s you,, ty lady, and.you know me.'-Arc:you going to leave this cursed hole and come with t me, with your devoted Edward ?" and hel oc cozmpanied ois. brutal sneer witlh a fiendish gTOh no,. no, never. Leave me in' peace, oh, for God's sake do. I'will give you all I have. All I It isn't much, but you shallhivec all if you.will but leave me in peace.", "Yos, the cwife to live in luxury while the husband starves. Oh, I have heard of you. All about you. The talented authoress, whose latest compositions have created such - a fmrorc in mueloal circles. Well paid, too, I'm told. That's lucky, for I'm devilish hard up, just now." "And would you rob me of my very bread. Oh I Edward, you would not do that, and after all the ill you have wrought m ? " "No," he replied, with a sardonic smile, "we'll share it together-love." "Never, never," she cried, roused into fury by his last taunt. " Edward Curtis, if that be your real name, for I know not even that, listen to me now. You have at last driven moe to bay, and I care not if I proclaim my wrongs oven in the market place: I hated you, I feared you, now I despie you." - "Quite molo-dramnatio, I declare. What a figure you will make on the stage, when I place you there, my dear Beatrix." "Beattix I" I had stepped forward to smite the cowardly savage to the floor. That word saved him. It was the key note, the missing link. It flashed across my mind like a ray of light. The portrait, the initials, B.C.T. Beatrix Cbewynd-Talbot. Great Heavens, what a revelation. Sheo went on in the torrent of her passion. The fiery blood of the Lords of Alton had come to the front, and no mistake. "Look at that miserable rumlian, that cowardly bully," she said, " he married me c whea I was a girl, a young and innocent girl. Stole me from my father's house, and married me in Scotland, he did, Captain Edward r Curtis. A fine captain, cashiered for pecu. lation, a Irout, a gambler, nay, worse, a sharper. I married him, and killed my mother, and earned my father's curse. Ob, that I had torn off the ears that listened to his lying vows, had plucked out the tonge that made the fatal promise. We went to Baden, Hombourg, Eoms, everywhere where there wore pigeons to be plucked. God help me," and her voice'died away in a piteous wail, "I did not know it then. I was young and innocent. Al me 1 He rubbed me of my last farthing. Then he stole, yesstolo, my jewels, for I had jewels, plenty, and I took them with me when I eloped. And all this time lie had another wife alive. I learnt it afterwards, after the poor creature s was dead. I'knowit, but I could not proveit legally. Ho had married her in lrance tinder a another nanic. When I charged himl with ithe laughed, and dared me to do amy worst. Then t lie, oh Heaven, I cannot spoeak thoe disgraceful words-hlo would have sold mo to eternal i shame, but I fled, lied in hunger and poverty cwith my dying child, ony little Beatrix on ily bramst. I wandered, I know not whither, for I was mad after my baby died. The light had gone out of my life for ever. People waer kind to the half demented woman, and I car. ned a subsistence by my musical talents. Once ( I met him in Munich. 1 asked him for charity r for I was hungry, and he spurned mao with a r curse and a blow. Then 1 sought refuge in the river, but I was saved from Iltat crinme o i the brink, by an angel in woman form who sheltered me, and made me up a little purse to take nme hlomle. I went penitent auld broken hearted to my father's louse, but he would not see me. ~e sent me money, some money, and bade mn begonie. I canme to Australia to hide my shame and disgrace into anothoer land and under another name. My history since that you know, Mr. Grant." "Upon nly word a very pretty story, and very effectively told, for the stage, only it lacks oto element, namely that of truth. This mad womani's story is a tissue of lies froot beginning to and " said Curtis coolly. " Onu portion of it is true at all events," I said, "that you took this poor lady's jewels, and that you have pawned them, I know." He looked at me curiously. " You know ? " he asked. I looked him souaro in the face, and said firmly "Yes, I know, John Johnson." Ioe started as if he had been stung, and glared at me savagely, " Wheat the devil is the meaning of this jugglery he cried. What do you know ? Who are you ?" "Never mind that. Never mind what I kuow. I knhow ou. That's cnengh. Now do yoiri know what being shadowed by thIo detectives means ?" " He gave a long disconcerted whistle, and his jaw dropped perceptibly. " Then perhaps you know-" "0I lnow who this lady is, and was, and whlat's more to tlhe purpose I kno who and what you are. Why man I saw you on the raceourse on Cup Day and who you were with, and what you were up to. I saw you follow the cab to this very house. I saw you pledge a gold repeater watch, a bracelet and and a diamond ring in BIourko Street, the Sother day. Thoro's a locket too that I knowv Sall about. Tho anne on the watch and the Scoronet and initials on the lookolt are pretty uStrigh'.t eviolce: that they'le not your'u at all events." " But they were my wife's," he said, turn ing to a sickly paleness. "Bah I don't be absurd. Do you imagineoa distinguished swell mnobsmane like you can travel incognito. No, no more than you could if you were a prince, or an earl. 130 sides, we happen to have a, few French deteo tives here, and they're ganerally thought to be Inirly fly." This was a pretty tall gamo of " blufT" on my part, but every shot told. His nether lip trembled, and he said in a low voice, " What's the lay ?" " That you'll know soon enough if youdon't clear out, and thrat quickly too. Would you like this pretty story to be told before a police maglistrato ? lIe absolutely trembled with terror. "You're a poor cowardly rascal after all. Don't be larmed. You're not required just at present; but if you are we know well enough when and where to lay our hands on ryou. Now you can go; but mark rie now, if you dare to annoy this lady aRgain, by word, lotter, or message, you're booked sure, and you may guess wlht that means. Now go. Stop though, haod me over those pawn tickets for the property belonging to Lady Beatrice Chot wynd, Talbot." Ito was completely cowed, and handed them;over with trembling hands, and with. out a word. During this unexpected denouement, Mliss Tulk, as I still call lher, stood gazing and lis. toning like onein i dream. The tables were so completely turned on her persecutor that she seemed as if she could neither understand nor believe what was occnrring. Buint when the man she had once loved turned to slouch away, all the pity of a great woman's heart burst forth in its tenderness. " Oh, Edward, that it should come to this, to this, at last. An outcast and a vagabond on the face of the earth. See, here is money. Twenty pounds. It will keep you from star ving and from temptation. Take it in lHeaven's name, and reform. Sco hero, too is a lock of baby's hair cut from her head as she.lay in her little collin in far off 3crmany,. When you are tempted to evil, look at it and pray for help. And now go your way, and lmay God, in his in?finito nmercylorgioe-you as-I--I--" lio'slouctled out without a word, oven as she spoke, and with true womanly consistency shoe eized my hand, kissed it gratefully, and then fell in a doad.faint on the door. 