THE MESSIAH AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. The effort made this year to repeat tho successful performance given In the Exhibition building t'wolve months ego by tho Festival choir has not been attended by brilliant results. Although the performance ou Christmas night was announced as being given by the Festival Choir, and had the advantage of Herr J uliua Herz's inspiratory baton, it required no ghost to como from last year's performance to tell us that the chotr resombtad its precursor in no thing but in name. It is, perhaps, to be regret- tod that a permanent festival choir is ii'. this city to be olassed Amongst the things unattain able, The great musical festivals held annually in England have not atoue done much to ad vance tho cause of music, but have also been a source of unalloyed pleasure to thousands. There is much, iu fact nearly everything, to bo done yet, iu this city, towards creating a numerous and efficient body of choristers, com petent to undertake the production of the great works ot the classics. Tho mere scrambling through an oratorio by a promiscuously assembled body of young people with a " taste" %r "liking " for musio, cannot in any art sense be called an interpretation of Bitch Messiah, at the Exhibition building on Tues day evening, demonstrates that even a work so familiar as this one is cannot bo adequately presented by a collection of choristers merely thrown together for a few hurried rehearsals. Of course such an experiment would probably be successful with voices well trained, but thu vocal art is young yet in this city, and it would not bo venturing too hazardous an opinion if we said that thoroughly well drilled choristers are not a numerous body amongst us. We feel sure all lovers of music will deeply regret if tho idea of creating a festival choir for the annual performance of some of the sublime works composed by the master minds in musio should be allowed to (lie early in its new birth. That it will die is assured unless the musical societies combine for the purpose of sustaining thu young life which has feebly flickered through one year, at the end of which it shows so much weakness. The choir which Herr Julius Herz had under his eye on Tues day evening was a large one, but the voices were not well balanced. The male voices were notably weak, equally so iu numbers and pre cision. They rarely attacked their parts with 1 resolution or confidence. Tho sopranos repre- sentedaboutone-half of the ontirochoir.and bad all the volume of sound on their side. The cud- traltos sang withstaadineBS,butsbouldhave been moro numerous. And the Glory of the Lord, Lift Up your Heads, and the Hallelujah choruses were the best efforts of the choir, and appeared to be the numbers with which they wore most familiar. But in none of the other choral divisions did tboy rise equal to the occasion and produce effects wLich lift an average audience out of its permanent attitude of apathy and awuken enthusiasm. A Blight contretemps occurred at the commencement of the oratorio by the non-appearuuee of Miss I Alice Rees, and the audieuoe was sot wonder- Iing whether the work would bo given with the soprano solos omitted, but Miss Rees was led on to tho platform at twenty-iivo f minutes post eight, to the evident relief | of everyone, and she sang the solo music allotted to her with her accustomed refiuemcnt and beauty of expression. How Beautiful ate the Feet, aud I Know that my Redeemer Liveth,' wero given with perfect artistic finish, which enchanted all. The debut of Miss Fanny E. Samuel, a rocent arrival from Londou, was not ho successful as could have been wished. She possesses a coutralto voice of moderate quality and power, but owing to evident nerrouauoss sno was unanio to use it to completo advantage. In her first solo, O Thou that Tellcst, her memory failed her, and several bars of tho aria were lost. In : Ho Shall Feed His Flock, and Ho Was Despised, Miss Samuel sane more effectively, but her young frerii voice is hardly powerful enough for the Exhibition building. Mr. W. Walshe sustained the tenor solos, and acquitted himself with credit. Oratorio rnu-Ic, however, is new to him, und ho has something to acquire yet iu finish and gr«ace of style. Jiut hia performances wero not of a common order, and afforded genuine pleasure. Mr. E. Farley in tho basso music attained a fair average level of excellence. The arias, "Why do the Nations so Furiously Rage To gether, and The Trumpet Shall Sound, wero sung with fine dramatio power, though in the latter number somo eccentricities on the part of a cornet player were not couducive.to im proving the score. Tho orchestra performed good work all round, but in the strings there was at tixnes wanting a littlo more precision, while Mr, Summers at the grand organ was occasionally inclined to disregard the conduc tor's beat. The performance, which did not conclude until a quarter to eleven, was largely attended, A tasteful display of flags and ferns throughout the grand haR -greatt'jea /. hanoed its general appearance, 