PASTORAL LETTER. The lolluwing Pastoral Letter to the Catholic clergy and laity of the diocese of Goulburn was read in all the churches of the diocese on .Sunday last : — William, By the grace of God and of the Holy Apostolic Sec, Bishop of Goulburn. To the Catholic clergy and laity of the Diocese of Goulburn. "Go ye into the whole world, and preach the < lospcl to every creature He that bclieveth and is baptised shall be saved, but he that bclieveth not shall be condemned." — (Mark 16c, 15; 16.) Dearly beloved brethren and children in Christ, — When men speak we are iufluenced by their words, to the extent of sound reason ing found in them. But if we know that God has spoken we cannot question His words. The only obstacle to our having faith in them is our security as to our understanding them. The sacred Scriptures are God's words to us, and what is our security that these are God's words but the sanction of the Catholic Chtirch. Away from this sanction, who could determine what God revealed toman? Men might read the history of religion as founded by the Apostles of 'Christ, and conclude that its establishment was miraculous : the same might be concluded as to the continuation of tne Catholic Church, for it is wonderful, indeed, to consider an institution living on, generation after generation, so unlike all other institutions': change works everything else, but she works on without change. She holds the sacred Scriptures as God's words, but she does more, she saves her children from being tossed about by every wind of doctrine — by men misunderstanding and misinterpreting the sacred Scriptures, for she defines what her children are to believe with ceitainty, and without doubting. By Faith we believe what God lias taught, and where can we have any security for what God has taught outside the Catholic Church ? -Sr. Paul in his epistle to the Hebrews (11. 1) says "Now faith is the substance of things to be hoped for the evidence of things that appear not." We believe what God has taught not because we may see them or understand them, but because we have divine authority for them. Matters of faith may be obscure, may be above our comprehension, but when the Teacher divinely constituted, proposes matters of faith, the authority of the Catholic Church offers to reason amply sufficient grounds for believing without doubting. Men with high intellectual gifts, or in some favour able circumstances, may propound opinions in religion, and may carry followers with them. But other men, too, having the same right, may differ with them, and propound their own opinions. Never ceasing conflict, change and doubt, are the natural consequences, if their be no authority to settle their disputes, and God's word misinterpreted and abused is made responsible for all. Faith, it is true, is a gift of God, and men cannot possess this gift with out His grace, but it is a gift prepared for all who sincerely wish to receive it, . As St. Paul to Timothy (2.4) says " It is the will of God that all men be saved, and come to the know ledge of the truth." It is not God's will that any should perish, but lie that bclieveth not shall he condemned, it is His will to have all come to the knowledge of the truth. Human feeling, human passion, prejudice and self-in terest may obscure the truth of God, and keep men away from accepting it. But this truth necessary for salvation, as it is God's revelation to man, must be one for all, and for all times, as St. Paul says " Hold the form of sound words, which thou hast heard front me in faith, and in the love which is in Christ Jesus. Keep the good committed in trust to thee by the Holy Ghost who dwelleth in us." (2 Tim 1\. 13). And of those who do not hold this farm of ivords the inspired Apostle, in his first epistle to Timothy, says "If any man teach otherwise he is proud, knowing nothing, but sick about questions and strifes of words.— 0 Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding the. profane novelties of words, and opposition of knowledge falsely so-called." Tim. 6.3.20.) ' Iti the religion of Christ, religious truths arc the revelations of God, which from their, end, must be one for all, and for all time's. To believe these is necessary. The .Catholic knows some of these truths, and he is prepared to be: instructed in all other revealed truths, by the Catholic Church, which holds them as a sacred trust, and she offers them to us of this generation, as she did to all past generations. Whilst this Catholic faith is necessary, we must bear in mind-that it does not consist in mere profession. When God speaks we can not question His ' words, and when He com mands we cannot refuse obedience to His commands. We are as niuch bound to obey His commands, as we are to believe His words. Wc learn in the Gospel 'of St. Matthew that when our Lord blessed the little children presented to him, a young man came asking him, "What. shall I do that I may have life everlasting ?" And our divine Lord said " If thou wilt enter into life keep the command ments." And the Apostle St. James says " What shall- it profit a man, if he hath faith but hath not works ? shall faith be able to save him? , (St. James 1 1. 14) : and again "As the body without the spirit is dead, so faith with out good works is dead." If we are then to believe what God has taught, we are to do what he demands ; and for one, as for the other He has sent iHisVTeaeher, -for the Spirit of God abides with His church to keep her in His ways. She guards ; for : us the faith, she points out to its what it demands of us, and if we wishi.to have it profit us, ''.we must make our acts conformable to our profession. To hold this faith of Christ, and to practice it, is valu able,' for on this depends our everlasting future. You, dearly beloved, understand this ; and what but your deep sense of its value, and of your obligation to guard the Catholic faith, would sustain you in your present trial ? All outside the Catholic church may be said to have established a system of public instruction essentially dangerous to Catholic faith. This system., gets, abundant help trom the public revenues, and all aid to our Catholic schools ceased at the close of last year. : At the close of last- year government aid was withdrawn from 12 schools in this diocese. Of these, one had not 20 Catholic children, and we aire not able to keep a Catholic school there, but " all the others are being conducted by efficient teachbjs .at the sole expense of those about them who want to have their children taught as Catholics. A greater number of other Catholic schools are. suppo. 2d in the diocese which at no previous time received any aid from the Government. Of the schools from which Government aid was withdrawn religious, teachers conduct three,, and of other schools' religious teachers conduct five. Why is this burden taken on your shoulders ? only because you think the object of guarding the iaith, sufficient to demand the sacrifice. In our schools, I am confident, secular teaching will be as good as in the Public schools, and still the law will give our schools no aid. This wrong is inflicted on us as a penalty for being determined to continue Catholics. Were any one at present to press on the public notice of this wrong, prejudice would start up against him from the great majority who are not Catholic; he himself would suffer, and he could do us no good. We must then submit in patience. There is, however, a natural honour in the human mind, if divested of pre judice, and as our school disabilities will be before the public, we may expect a change in the public feeling. Besides the burden thrown on you for the support of your local school, there is also an additional expense to be borne by the diocese. We have appointed as inspector, Rev. R. J. Carr, and the expense is one for the diocese, for his whole time is to be devoted to the schools. -His first effort has been, as far as I can judge, very successful, for he has succeeded in procuring very competent Teachers for all our schools. His future labours I trust will be satisfactory in helping on the efficiency of the schools. But in every case much of the success will depend on each priest with his committee. To meet the expense of the mission fund and of the Inspector, a general collection through the diocese will be made on the first Sunday in Lent. About £ 700 is required, and if the collection were to exceed what is required lor these two objects, help might be given to a few small schools where the smallness of the numbers of Catholics or their poverty prevent them from having a proper school for their children. All we hope will be united ; those who can afford it will be generous ; and our first effort to save the faith will be such as the occasion demands. " The Grace of Our Lord Jesus Christ be with your Spirit," Amen. t WILLIAM. Bishop of Goulburn. Bishop's House, Goulburn, Feast of the Purification, 1883. P.S — The clergy will please read this letter for their congregations, also the regulation for Lent, and my letter of Aug. 1st, 1882. They will also arrange for the general collec tion through their districts, and send, within six weeks, the sums collected, with lists of subscriptions, to Rev. D. T. Walsh. lenten regulations. At diflcrent periods, and under different circumstances, the rigour of the laws of fast ing have been modified. In virtue of powers received from the Holy See, the following are regulations in this diocese. The general law of the Church, which or dains abstinence from flesh meat during the entire Lent, is so far dispensed with 1 that the. faithful are allowed to use it on Sundays, Mondays, Tuesdays, Thurs- . days, and Saturdays, except Ember Saturday and the Saturday of Holy Week. On all days, except Sundays, the per mission to use flesh meat is for dinner only. On fasting days, a collation may be taken in the morning and evening. At the morning collation a small quantity of milk and also of butter may be used. Eggs, cheese, and butter are allowed on all days at dinner, extept Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. In lieu of butter, lard or dripping ip permitted at dinner, except on Ash Wednesday and all Fridays. The period during which the Paschal duty ot Annual Confession and Communion is to be fulfilled begins on the first Sun day of Lent and ends on Trinity Sunday inclusive. We earnestly entreat all the faithful to be present each day during Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, if they have the opportunity. We recommend masters of families and parents to as-semble each day their household or children for prayer and spiritual instruction. A part of the Rosary, or the Psalter of Jesus and Litany, may be recited on these occasions in addition to the ordinary prayers. Persons engaged in laborious occupations, in delicate health, or so circumstanced that fasting would be injurious to them, are not strictly bound by the law. In all cases of doubt, recourse for dispen sation must be had to the priest. When, by reason of distance or of other serious obstacle, application to the priest can not be made, each one will decide in his own case according to the dictates of conscience. " You therefore, brethren, knowing these things before, take heed, lest being led aside by the error of the unwise, you fall from your steadfastness. But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To Him be glory, both now and unto the day of eternity. Amen." (2 Peter 3. 17-18) t William. Bishop of Goulburn. Bishop's House, Goulburn, February 9th, 1882. 