©ales and ffcctdirs. SlilPSOJTS DUMMY. The canons of Colorado where the eager search for gold has transformed men into giants, and invested them with the power that moved, mountains and braised, and torn, and upheaved, and tumbled about in a manner that cannot be understood until one haw looked anon the stnLWie scenes and be come vividly impressed, as he will with the curious and mighty effects of 'luman eueipv. A tornado, or *' blizzard.' hov/ever frightful it may be, [eaves its work with unique finjyh. The grain and crass are smoothed down by the wind, the trees, though splintered and twisted, have life yet. The branches reach upwards with pleasing grace, the leaves glisten with the jewels of the rain, and a promise of recuperation is Been as soon as the disturbance is over. Bat the great dislodged rocks, where the diggers have been at work, are left in ungainly positions, the limpid streams are turned to muddy pools, the scarred earth refuses to heal, uprooted trees point about in all directions, every bush &cd; ves tige of grass is crushed or killed, and the yellow ground has a new-made grave ap pearance, as if it were the burial place of some monarch of nature murdered, by fp'. The flame, and pick, and powder, are the machinery of devastation. The desire for wealth is the resistless motive power, and they make havoc tbat ages can never repair. In such a caynon I was pushing my way on horseback one day a few years ago, and so interested in the grim appearance of the great valley that I gave tree rein to my pony to thread his course as best he could among the tortuous cart- trucks and mule-paths that creased the mutilated surface of the earth. In a number of places ihe black openings of fr1''**^ in the TuwmtHT*1 side were to be seen, where the quest for gold and silver bad led men to bore laboriously into sub feTTE'**' regions^ Many of these were abandoned, and bo disastrously had been failures that the tools of the imp**™, broken -artj-j crow-bars, wiwll cars used in the fawwirfwt rfminBj harnesses, and the like. Battered about in a way that would have seemed a paradise in the eyes of a city In one place a stamp mill, with expensive machinery, a good frame house adjoining, and many evidences of comfortable habitation, furniture, kitchen utensils, and so forth, had been left to the birds and squirrels, rats and eats, and much of it was covered with and and water from a recent freshet and overflow of the dam near, making it look as if it were Passing one of the black holes in the mountains I was surprised to hear a con fused tnnnnnr of voices issuing from it, followed by four miners in a- state of great excitement, swearing, gestulating and look ing more like goblins the lmfghfc of Eting fffcpfttffn saw in the forest on the Danube than h'ffian beings. In a few moments another man came oat from. whom, the four stood i*i 'iff, until t after a short conversation, one of thprn approached the last and exclaimed : 'No palavor about this Simpson, yon hear me ! We're not fooled this time, and d—d if we're going to stand it any longer. Give us the tickets on the office and well skip out ; and, mind you, don't yon blab until we're gone. That's what the boys say, and that's business.*7 ' All right. Jack,' was the reply, ' bat I want it understood right that there is to be no interference with me. I know it's Mar'**'1 foolishness, and Fm going to work tint hole.' fcffvr a few moments further conversation anirtng the four, the spokesman said r I ' if 6 agreed, sir ; yon can work ; we don't want any more of it in ours. ' At this juncture the men saw me, the conversation ceased, and the party, including tfae man addressed as Simpson, who was j evidently the boss, went into a slab shanty, . and I moved on. j I beard no more of the occurrence for a j year, having cone on to Grand Kiver the I next day, and thence back to the states. The season following, however, I was in the same locality again, again, with a letter ad dressed to Mr. Archie Simpson, the superin tendent and part owner of one of the best Tii in pr in. the mountains. 1 was not a little surprised to 6o-I that Mr. Simpson was the lamp I had seen the year before, and my curiosity to learn something of that com motion at th£ month of the mine was revived, though the circumstance had nearly passed ont of my mind. After transacting the business in hand I was shown about the establishment. The improved methods of crushing ores, and prrfcrarting the precious ^n^tr*!*! and many interesting details, were explained, daring which I was still further surprised to see the man I had heard called Jack, who was i1it**'*^ing to some matters with the care and manner of a foreman ; and a fine looking commanding sort of person he was. Returning to the commodious well -fur- Dished office of the company, adjoining the works, and which vibrated to the beating c£ the stamp and the pulsations of machinery, I said: ?? By the way, Mr. Simpson, last year I was on the way out to Grand Kiver, and among some men at the month of a mine ; and 1 remember your face and that of your foreman among woee I saw,'' 'Yes,' replied the superintendent, 'queer jffkfr that.' ?? Strike, was it ?' *' Not exactly ; bat the men left me in the larch all the same, and one of them bnilded better than he knew far me.' The superintendent then tMniffl. jmtl gftyr Bflip^ hesitation said ; 'The results of that affair have been . somewhat remarkable. The facts are these : : A month before the boys left the tannel ; when we were in about three hundred feet, one t one of the men then at work was killed by : a large fragment of rock which nnexpectdely fell ont of the wall end rolled over on him. The stone came over slowly, but he was i caught by the feet, and, as he was being i crushed, he called out badly at first, * chock 1 the rock ! chock the rock !' repeating the explanation more faintly unto it became a whisper, then he was dead. The men (I was 1 outside at the time) went to his rescue instantly, bnt could do nothing until it was , too late. ' They then called notifying me of wfaafr bad happened, and as soon as possible we raised the rock and took the body out, and, placing it on the car, moved to the month cf the tunnel, a funeral possession that is not often seen, I tell you. ' Rough as the miners are, and accustomed to the harder phases of life out here, they were mnch affected by the death of their comrade ; and at once I began to feel that in some way it would interfere with the work. *' Kext day the man was buried, and the day after, much to my satisfaction, the men returned to the tunnel and work was resumed. It was not long, however, before the actions of one of them attracted my attention. He was either giving way to fear, I thought, or up to some devilry. One evening he said he didn't believe be would go any more ; and he told the boys where one man was killed in a mine more deaths were sure to follow ; and two or three times I found bim pound ing np rock at the month of the tunnel, from which he seemed to be unexpectedly aroused. 'Two weeks after the 'plant,' as the boys called the bnzial, the man T have men tioned declared he had heard the painful explanation * chock the rock' repeated in the mine, while he was in advance of the rest, poshing in the car, and asked the others as they canoe np, as if he were playing on their f eeling?, and trying to elicit an affirmative answer, if they had not heard it. None bad. Bat next day one of the otters said he bad, and the first one declared he had heard footsteps pass him. and seemed to go on into the iwoniitain the ffrrffrm?t'on being repeated at the time. ' I haii my own explanation of the matter, but the boys only listened, while Tom Wiltons, the man referred to, scouted it. I told them if they enjoyed their little bit of superstition, they could do so, and tried to ridicule them, telling them it would do for tpnrfffr feet and children, bnt was thin grael for tw^fi. The fact was, noises outside the tunnel, the callB of drivers, explosive oaths at hesitating mnlwil the creaking of cart wheels, and toe sharp concussion from blasts, made curious echoes which were frequently beard inside. Sometimes our own talking made singular effects. Our own voices, it would seem, were driven back into oar lunge, and again a call would cease to be heard with instant svddennesa. Again a word or shout would be repeated when silence had followed the first utterance. It was a matter ask : 'What did you Bay BiU?' or 'How was that Tom f when no one bad spoken at least at that moment. Tom WiUrins had long noticed these things, and at first amused himself working the lead with hie musical month, the boys said. ' It was not long before it was whispered that Tom had seen Sam Frisbie's ghost, and the rest did not seem to question his veracity. Jl. tunnel in the mountain-side, with the peculiarities and impulses I have mentioned isn't the cheerfnlest place in the world. In fact its intolerably gloomy, and thongh men get need to almost anything, there are times when it requires a deal of resolution to over come tbe imtiafnTaiTipaff of the place theyBtay 'The day yon speak of Tom had been acting queeny. Now and then he would pause in his work with bis pick in the air, and listen, or look about him suspiciously. Again he would look intently to the ground, as if absorbed in some far away cogitation. Suddenly he dropped his tools, shouting there's Sam Friable now ; my God, let me oat o' here, and made for the month of the mine as fast as he could, followed by the entire outfit. I confess that the explanation and the stampede rather jarred on me, and I — well, I did not remain. Jack Singleton afterwards said he jest naturally tumbled to the racket along withfthe rest, and thought Tom was in dead earnest, as now I know he was, in one sense. * WeJI I paid them oS, giving them due bills on tbe office in the Central, and im mediately wrote to the company in St. Louis of what had happened. I told them it would be next to impossible under the circumstances, to get men to work, that another assessment would have to be made, as I had but $400 on hand ; and to send me some men who would not be afraid to gff into a mine. ' I got reply that the company wai discouraged (one expensive tunnel having been abandoned), that I could do as I pleased, and not to expect any further assistance. ' Meanwhile I did what I could alone. One day while inside— a week or two days after the boyB left me— I was startled to hear my name spoken, faintly at first, a whisper, as it seemed, increasing to a distinct calL Confound the mine, I thought ; tius thing is getting monotonous * and in the second of time in which I was disturbed I determined to buy a dog and there after bring him with me for company. At the last call 1 answered, and in a moment Jack came up ' 'Hello, Jack,1 said I, 'how's tour ' ' Beg your pardon, Mr. Simpson,' said he in reply ; ' I would like to have » little talk with yon.1 '?All right, Jack; glad to see you in the bole again. I thought you had skipped out frith the boye.' '*Mr.HimparmJ' aud Jack with much deliberation, ' I kind o' think that ghost business was a set-up job. Tom W3kins is nobody's fool, you know, but I think I under stand a thing or two, and I've come back to talk the matter over ; and if it's all the same to you, if you can look over my talk that day, and going off with the boys, I'm ready to stay and work with you.7 ' ? Its agreeable-to me. Jack. What is it you wanted to talk over f ' ' Well, Tom Wilkics, you know, is pretty handy with ores ; he didn't work in Cali fornia ten years for nothing. Tween me and you, sir, he struck a piece of rock in here that assays might be big money. He found it the time Sam Frisbie was buried — he was in here alone most of the day — and sent it down to Denver to be tested. A man that aaw the assay made has been np twice to see Tom, and yesterday I overheard 'em talking. Tom told him all about the ghost, a matter they had fixed up before about your being here alone, and that he believed that the company was about done up. The man gave Tom fifty dollars the first time he came, but (with a comical leer) I've got that money myself, and something more contributed by the others — raked in the pot, with three of a kind, and kept it by baking ont behind my shooter. He's keeping up his little game of the mine by telling about the ghost, and blowing about you, kind o* throwing it out that you was mad at Sam, and had something to do with getting the rock over. Ob ; he's cheeky, be is. You needn't mind it, though, what he says : Fve got the d. w. (dead wood) on him, and I think I nTT- about as handy with tbe gun as he is, if it comes to a dispute. There's going to be some shooting Mr. Simpson. ' ' ' Not if I can help it, Jack,' I broke in. * Tom may be bad, but I think we can coital him, and ^'H Denver ''?' too.' ' W^TT, sir,' continued Jack, * Tom's rang in Jim Welton (tbe others woaldn't train any further), and last night at Jack M-Cann's, I heard Tom Bay 'twould be easy enough to put out your light in the tunnel * and d ? n me if they haven't arranged to shoot yon to-morrow evening when you come out, and that's why Tm here.' '' Are you dead sure of that, Jake?' ' * Dead sure,' he replied. ' I was leaning up against the pine boards in Jake's wash room, and heard the roosters talking outside, there by that old mercury plate, between the corral aud the saloon*' '* 'Tom can't have anything against me,' E said. ' I've shown him a gooa many favours —got bim out of the crib (jaO) when he bad that row at Central last summer, and I've paid bim a week's wages tn advance half a dozen times to send money to his wife.' 41 ? Blamed little be cares for that. He'a on the make.' 'The statement bothered me some, and I got to thinking Jack himself was np to some ugly business : but I deemed it best to conceal my suspicions and hftur him through. Jim Walton, whom Tom bad associated with according to Jack's story, was a miner I had discharged for drzmkeaess and pure enssedneas. He bad been heard to make 1 ' ' How. Mr. Simpson ,' Jack continued, ' what do you say about it ? Fve told you what Qkoow. Tom don't love me since I won his money, though 1 haven't got anything particular 'gainst him, except his low down Tpmp to scoop tbe mine.' ' Avoiding directanswerlsaid: 'How about the find, Jack? Where did he get that rock?' ' ' Oh, yes ; I forgot to tell you. Here's a statement of the essay ; he dropped it out of the first letter he got ; four big figures, you see, and I believe it's the clear quu% And now after what has happened, I re membered seeing Tom gram^n the wall here on the right where the rock fell out when S^m was killed.' *' Without farther talk we turned to the opening and cut out some of tbe rock. To my amazement it showed colour, and was undoubtedly excellent ore. This mnch there fore in confirmation of Jack's story and, in addition, it was a great fortune for me, as I was seriously considering the necessity of giving up and going back to the States. *' Well, next morning Jack went into the tunnel with me, and we worked lively at the new lead, getting splendid specimens of ore. About 2 o'clock Jack, who bad been getting uneasy, dropped his pick and told me he couldn't stand it any longer — be should go over to the house a half-mile away, and get hiB Run, meaning his revolver. He had spoken of bringing it in the morning, in fact was patting on his belt, when I, prompted by my suspicions of him, dissuaded him, adding that I never carried a revolver, and didn't like to hare men wear them or have them abont while at work, '* I was more than ever inclined to enspect him, notwithstanding his conversation had been frank and earnest, and 'consisted,' as the phrase is. I was determined not to be caught asleep, however, and immediately decided upon a plan of action. I took an old army overcoat that bad been hanging up in tbe mine ever since Friable was killed— we bad laid him out on it — and putting a block of wood endwise on the car, drew the coat around it, and put my cap on top, with tie lamp burning, so as to resemble a man sitting there, with hia back to the mouth of the mine. I shoved tbe car down to within a few yards of the opening and then went back i short distance to await results. I concluded if Jack came back, and I had no cause to suspect him further, to ask him how the tammy would do to draw Tom Wmdns1 fire, n case he made the apprehended attack. 'Jack had been gone three-quarters of an aour, and had ample time to get back, when I leard voices and the stealthy steps of men ?oming in. I sheltered myself behind a spur if rock, two rods beyond tie car, and listened. What a fool I am, I said to myself, to be in iere without means of defending myself. Chere is a rich rein of gold in this tunnel, tereral men know of it, and I ought to have *een wise enough to be on guard. But now it's too late ; I must eit here like a lump on a log, and wait. 'My thoughts were interrupted by a fumbling movement of hands, the click of a revolver, and «. low, urging voice, saying: ** * Hand to him now Jim !' ' 'Two shots were fired in quick succession, * and my dummy tumbled off the car. In an ^ instant I heard Jack Singleton's voice : ' ' Killed tbe boss, have you ? D ? n your soul !' followed by three or four shots that made terrific echoes and reverberations in the mine. For the tirst tune I now seemed to have a clear comprehension of tbe situation, and rushing to the mouth, fearful of the most frightful consequences, I called out : ** ' Are yon hart Jack ?' ''My God! Mr. Simpson, ain't you killed ?' ''No, not touched,' I replied, stepping over the bodies of two men, and taking Jack by the hand ; * who did the shooting f ' ' Well I did some of it, as you see there,' he answered, pointing to the men on the ground just inside the mine. And ghastly sights they were, both still moving in tbe throes of death, ' ' I thought they had tbe drop on you, Mr. Simpson,' said Jack, with a tremor in his voice, ' and I just give it to 'em good ! Tom shot tirst and cut my cheek here, you see.' ' ' I suppose they would have got in their work as they intended, bnt I bad an ar rangement they were not counting on,1 and going in, telling Jack to follow me, I showed him how I escaped. ' Grasping me by the hand his only reply was — ' ? Better 'n four, acres, by thunder !' 'There was considerable excitement in regard to the affair, but it eoon blew over, and no further trouble resulted. Butthe Denver man, tebo undoubtedly bad set WHkinfi up to the murderous business, managed to get away and keep himself unknown. The company gave me prompt assistance, and tbe mine has been very profitable. Jack does splendidly as foreman, and it is my principal regret that I ever thought he was other than the man he is, a man of ptack and honour. Hie regret, which, wQI fallow him to the grave, is, tiiat it ever h***fm*- necessary for bim to take human life,' — Victoria Edio. 