rHE LONG-RANGED ROAEER, Aeoct tbe year 1S51 the most influential man in San Antonio was an alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to San Antonio with a fearful record. He enjoyed the reputa&on; of having killed a dozen or so of men, and was respected accordingly. While he was in San Antonio he did not reduce the census at all, but that was not bis fault. He had a seductive way of drawing his eighteen-inch Arkansas toothpick, and examining it critically with a sinister smile, -while humbly requesting the temporary loan of 5dols. Thus it was that Bob went about acquiring wealth and warm personal friends, but creating no funerale. There were rumours that Bob was playing Waff, but that was after he had marched away. It was dnrT*c the reign of Boh Augustine, 'the long-ranged Roarer of the Galaveras Canon, ' as he familiarly called himKwl^ that a youuc man from Boston named. John Winthrop, came to San Antonio, presumably in search of health, as he brought very little with him. He was far gone in consumption, and nothing but the fact that he had bat a short tame to live, unless the climate of Western Texas saved him, induced him to come to S&u; Antonio. As everybody carried a pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public decency by going unarmed. Besides, snch a course might as seriously interfere with bis restoration to health as putting on a dean shirt. His Paritan training caused him to revolt at the idea of carrying firearms, so he resorted to artifice. He wore a holster, bat instead of keeping a pistol in it, he bad bis cash funds stored away in it, and nobody was the wiser for it. On the contrary, Winthrop was looked up to by the best citizens just the same as if he was loaded down with deadly weapons. O£ course everybody tried to make tbe stranger from Massachusetts feel as comfortable as if he was at home ; so be was told all aboct Bob Angnstme, the long ranged Roarer, at least ten tames a day, and he was advised not to be particular in atking security for the debt in case the Roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unless he, Winthrop. did not wish to regain his health. As might have been expected, the long ranged Roarer called on Winthrop to collect his nsuat assessments on strangers. Winthrop was of the opinion that if it would save his life and lose all his money he wonld be doing unusually welL The bog-ranged Roarer's idea was to chase the bine-bellied Yankee around the room for a time or so, collect $5 or $10, and perhaps make some ear-marks, a la Whittaker, so he would know him in a crowd if he should meet him again. The long-ranged Roarer sauntered into Wiothrop's room at the hotel, bat before the desperado could open his month or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw back his coat, and with trembling fingers tngged at hiB pistol holster to get at hiB money to appease the would-be asaaaain. On the other hand, as booh as the Roarer saw Winthrop trying to get out his pistol be turned as pale as a ghost. The alleged desperado's knees knocked together, the cold sweat baaed oat all over him, and he extended hie hand and said, tremblingly : ^^ 'Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee ! I wW only trying to fool you. My bold Arkansaw heart beats for yon, my boy. I jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Never let any darned gaJloot get tie drop on you. If anybody insults you, jest tell them that Bob Augustine the Roarer, ifiyoor friend. Wmturop, who was more Beared, if possible, than the Roarer replied : 'Oh, HI give you what you want, 'and kept on togging at the holster, which came With a yell of dismay the desperado passed oat through Ute window, carrying off *hfl sash, and ran down Commodore-Btreet. the principal thoroughfare, with tbe Bash on his neck, howling, 'Police, police!' closely pursued by Wintbrop, who kept on tagging his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing t-htt the desperado was winning to his room to procure a shotgun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Wiothrop kept on hunting the Roarer to purchase peace on»ay terms, and the Roarer had himself to avoui the pistol of the Boston man. Nest maraing the long-raogbd Roarer of the Calaveras Canon was missing, and Winthrop mt the lion of the day for having mn off the terror of the AJamo City. 