Qrigtital grtorfi. All Rights Reserved. VIOLET MAYLAND. Chapter IX. Continued. Bv FBAKK LVKX. Violet glanced, and seeing that the note was addressed to herself, opened it, but it only contained these words, "You are in danger, be careful never to wander alono through the Park, or leave the home after nightfall. From the ghost of the West Wing." Violet started in surprise at the note, but in a minute raised her head, and encountered Major Kay's look of wonder" at her receiving a note in such v strange way. In answer to his look, she handed the note to him without a word. In a minute the bloodhouud as if in response to a whistle that sounded close at liand bounded away leaving them free-to keep on their way. " It is certainly very strange," observed the Major, as he returned the note to Violet, " I cannot, make it out, but there will be no harm in following its instructions, for a few weeks at any rate." " But where is the danger? I have no enemies." " I cannot tell. I think it wiser of you to do as the note tells you, bnt here comes Dick we can have lus advice too." " I have ordered the luuch to be sent out to us Vi 1" cried Dick as he joined them, " But- good gracious, how grave you too look, have, you seen a ghost at midday P If you nave pray introduce me to his ghostship, I never had the pleasure of seeing one even at night, though I believe every tree, everything in fact, has its one particular attendant spirit in May lands." " Now Dick don't be stupid," was all the answer Violet gave to his banter. " Well VassP" laughed Kay, " I will pity your curiosity, and inform you that we have had a message from his highness the ghost of . the West Wing, but I should have said that this message was sent to Vi., and it was delivered by a postman in the shape of a dog." " Do you imagine me quite the stupid that Vi. calls me ?" laughed Dick gayly. " I will defer the hearing of this wonderful message until we reach our resting place, and even then, I hope you "won't expect me to believe it." "Of course you must believe everything we tell you, or else you will hear nothing, but come on, we are wasting the time, and lunch will arrive before us. I wonder, "she added, turning back and looking at the Hal! that lay below, " which of my ancestors was so senseless" as to build the .Hall in that hollow, from here we quite overlook it P" M Yes, but I believe many of thpse ojd places are built in that way. I suppose it was .the fashion at the time." "A very foolish fashion then, wliy, we have not a scrap of view from tho Hall." " How do you manage to get to the river this wayf" inquired Major Kay, " I thought it ran the other side of thu Hall?" , - " So it does, but it bends just below us, and is very pretty as it winds among the hills and trees. You have no idea how lovely it is* but i will not describe it, you will sec for yourself in a few minutes." As Violet finished speaking they again rcsumed- their -n ay thrcMighihe trees, which were here rath'cr far apart, allowing the' sunlight to fall in brond bands on the many colored Vild flowers which grew amongst the gmss at their roots. Soon, however, they came to where the trees grew much closer together and the grass gave .place# to -ferns,, and mosses, which clustered in rifchabundance around the lime worn trunks, pf" old beeches. Here and there a glittering sunbeam managed to creep through the leafy canopy, and cast a golden gleam upon the ferns beneath. " I think this as pretty a place .as any Vi.,"-exclaimed Kay, asJie.threwhimself down on the mossy turf. " How lazy you are," laughed Violet, " but this moss, though it looks so tempting is really very treacherous and damp. But we -have only a little further to go now, aud "then you can rest as iuuch as you like, or gather me wild flowers." " Both if you like, bnt," ho added as he rose from the ground, " you were right about this moss, see liow stained my coat is." F . " Yes, but it will soon "come off with a clothes brush, if you let it dry fii-st." In a few minutes they reached the river, along which the forget-me- nots grow in bright azure batiks. The trees were rather scattered, but still near eiiuugh together to afford a uleas.nit shade. The turf between^ was covered with short green moss, over which tlie sunbeams strayed tinging the white petals of the wood-anemone with gold. The river flowed placidly by, between its banks of forget-jiie-nots, with here and there a yellow flag or otiter water flower to iciieve the monotony of the blue tinted bands, and on its surface floated some water lillies, at which Violot, (razed with longing eyes. A large water rat roused by their coming, splashed iulo tlie water and swam to his holo x , leaving a train of silver air. bubbles behind him, while a moor lieu uttered a shrill cry, wagged its white marked tail vigorouslj', as it waded away out <-f their sight, behind some water reeds, and a kingfisher flashed like a meteor across the stream. " This is mossy ledge," exclaimed Violet, as she seated herself on the moss covered bank. And the jolliest place around," added Dick, as he followed her example, "do you remember Vi. what a ducking I got trying to reach some of those water lillies for you ? I wonder how long they have grown there ?" . - .. ' i:,.** FprWer T expcct, but how we used to long for them, and aunt would never allow us to^iave a\boat on the river, she was afraid we should bfe*dftfwiied." " And how you used to rebel," continued Dick, V but j£ay, it js tojb ^ad to Scftle yourself for a sleep before telling hie the ghost's message.'' " Sleep my dear ¥ellow/' lazily replied the Major, " I have not the remotest idea of going to sleep, and was only watciui^ that odd little squirrel, in that beech tree. See, Vi., how he is, peeping at us from behind the trunk" " Oh! • ; s.vJ the I JtirfK dear } little thing, • I am so fond of squirrels and had one once, but let it go because I could not bear to keep it shut up any longer." " And the ungrateful thing ran away and never came back again," added Dick, laughing, " so Vi sat down and. cried for two or three hoiirs, and all we could get out of her was, that she would not have minded, only it was so ungrateful." . " So it was," laughed Vi." - - " Perhaps this is the same, come back to attone for his fault." To be Continued 