CHAPTER XXXVII.-A SCENE IN THE COURT- B ROOM. ff Wednesday morning-that all-important day- B came'at laBt.; B Lord Durward and Kenneth arose early, for fl they were obliged to go to Westminster, where fl the court was in session, by the 6 o'clock train. fl His lordship was unusually quiet and Borne what fl nervous while eating his breakfast, for he felt fl that the .day would be a trying one to him. fl . As the time drew near, he did not feel nearly BO fl confident as to the issue ; a thousand objections fl which he had never thought of before presented fl themselves to ; his mind, and tortured him with H doubt and fear. H He kept costón g stealthy glances at Kenneth, B who sat opposite to him, and who looked like a B veritable ghost in the dim morning light. G He knew that nothing but pride made him B willing to.have the case come to trial-he had filed E his petition and was tro proud to withdraw it- B and it would take; but very little to make him B shrink from the ordeal, and refuse to persevere B iii the matter. B Kenneth himself, pale and hollow-eyed, man- B aged to swallbw a little coffee, and then he pushed B back both cup and plate in disgust. - , H He could not eat ; he felt as if thc first mouth- H fal must choke him. B ; They roached Westminster about 9 o'clock, and If drove directly to a hotel opposite to the court- 19 house, where his lordship insisted that they B should have a lunch. They had been obliged to 18 make eo light and hasty a breakfast, he knew Ifl Kenneth must le fai»t, having eaten nothing. Ifl ;. T-tis ot oiipied thom 15 minutes or EO, aftir 19 which they started for the court-house. tl| They passed out at the front entrance, dort tm the granite steps, and then along the pavement Iff by the side of tue building. # Ifl As t icy did BO a drop of water splashed into Iff Kenneth's face. wm ',1t had rained that morning, the eaves were! « dripping, and the wind had taken this one little ' drop,and whisked it down upon him. '? How little a thing it takes to turn the current * of ; but whole life ! It was a trivial circumstance, bu ' n his ner vous'condition it gave him a start, and made him : look quickly up. ' He saw at once where it came from, and he was about to pass on, when a face at a window in the second story suddenly caught his eye and held him spell-bound. His heart stood still, hia breath stopped, and the very blood in his veins seemed to "congeal. It was a face as pure as snow, sad and wistful \ in expression beyond description ; lips as hueless \- as the cheek, and heavenly eyes that met hi3 in a " look pf mingled love ard despair, yearning and ' reproach,'that seemed to cleave his heart in ' twain.' ; -' It was the face of Nina, his wife! : The face he'had dreamed of by night, and that had haunted him by day j the one face that was fairer to him than any other in all the world, the face of his wife 5 his own, she was now at this . moment, but in a little while she would be his no '.longer,;for was he not about to put hor away from him for ever ?' WÄ little while he would be free-there were ' tS he rio more fetters for him- that face, so lovely, .'%6 .heavenly''as it seemed to him at this moment, ' would b'e: nothing to him by tho time tho sun nrwjBnti'ddwri-it would never rest upon hia bosom again) it would never be lifted again to meet his j lips,-or lay against his cheek j it would be more 1?'?''uttorly lost to him than if it had been hurled be neath the sod and was mouldering into dust. '/I There1 she stood, the tall, Btately form, as if ^ carved ia'marble 5 she did. not move, she did not ' ev¡en eeei'n to breathe. The only sign of life was , that steadfast, lingering, devouring look into her ( . dear, ono's face, a look which seemod to drink up . hip .heart as the sun drinks up the dew ; and to . draw ..his, soul : to hers, as the magnet draws the 't ; needle toward the poles. For one brief minute , (ib.Beeuied an eternity of mingled joy and pain) ' . .they. iStood thu*?, looking, as they believed, their , long last fprewell upon each other. ; A .greypallor overspread Kenneth's face, his ,'; lips. parted , as if to speak her name, bub no (i.(Bound issued from them j a blind dizziness Beized ., him.. . .. , , , ,' (. Mechanically he put up his hand and lifted his , hat,/and then, turning, ho staggered like a man '. .drunken,with wine, to Lord Durward's side. ... ,,?.".tVhat'Í3 the matter ?" the latter demanded, 'r ,startled,by his appearance, and not having seen , 'tpat.apparition at the window. \ ^ Nothing but a little dizziness 5 it will soon 'pass,". Kenneth returned, slipping his arm within . ¡bis( companion's to steady himself, for ho waa ,woak and trembling in every limb. They passed into the court-house, whore the ear . . lod Kenneth to a private room, and procured him ' ( ,a. glass of .wine, for ho was much alarmed by his , ,100k; and feared lest, tho proceedings of tho day ',tiwpuld haye to be,stayed on this account. ....Ab .la'stiithoir case was called, and as the wit jUesses took-their seats, Kenneth was startled to ^^Beb.Caroliuo among thom. ' ,'^She' appeared, very much distressed, and had V evidently boon weeping. She had been obliged rtp,come, .being the most important witness they had j 'but she would nob consent to go with Ken '' nebh. and hor fabhor, .and had taken her seat in another" carriage 5 consequently the former had known nothing of her presence until that mo i ment. f y ; It was a shock to him to know that she would , j testify against Nina, ¡and something of. tho old ( /t bitterness ¡toward her returned for a while. .. t Pub, he knew, that her testimony and his own . ,would;bö. about all the evidence they would have ezcçp ting a little, perhaps, from, Lord Durward, , ..and. what few items the lawyer had gathered. ,.j Ho,looked around forNina-r-overy time tho door ,, opeue(d!and.,shut, ,he starbed and expected bo see , .that snow-like face enter. ., , r But;Bhe came nob, neibher was there any coun Sislf'presenb',bo act for her. ? v , j, , The lawyer/presented the case at some length, . called .upon. Lord Durward to state what he knew, and then Caroline was asked to give her evidence, . i(, S.ho told her story in a very modest and simple i wayland, apparently, with great reluctance, but ¡every word -vas like an arrow in Kenneth's soul. . ?,. rile was ,sitting upon a settee, and bowing his .. head upon.the bacJc of it and hiding his face ; he ?.- , steeled, himself to boar it as best he could, never for one moment forgetting that Bad, wistful face, , or ; those heavenly eyes, with their steadfast, v.,, deathless look of love in their azure depths. : ¡"Caroline's tale was finished at last; it seemed ? as'if he could never liston to it again and live ' : it was concentrating all the agony of more than >a'year into a few moments of time-and yet he ' ?^ knew that they would expect: him to repeat in substance what she had said, since they had both witnessed'thab scene in the servants'-parlour in -,,,Jjondon. There wa3 a moment of silence afbor Caroline r¡ sat down, and he f elb that every gaze was fastened . upon' Him; <?..'??! cThen'his name was called, and he f"lt that the . ' hour had come that was to quench his last hope, . and extinguish the lasb ray of lighb, which almost ' ühconsöiouBly ho had cherished in his heart, and ' ne'knew that when that decree should be granted instead of the relief and acquiescence which be hoped the sad certainty would bring him when all -possibility of a reconciliation was past;, he 1 should be more forlorn and desolate than ever bafore.. ? >:: " _ '? : ? ??'ut, A look of pi by began to creep into the faces of ' judge and'jury ; there was a considerate hush, a ' little longer pause, and then his name was spoken .again. . :' His heart gave a sudden bound as if it would 1 leap from his body ; ho tried to arouse himself, to , lift his head, to stand upon his ftjob, bub he could j , not move, every limb seemed benumbed. A ring- , iug, as of a bhóusand discordant bells, was in his ] ears, the sound as of a rushing torrent was in his 1 head, he could not see-then everything seemed 1 ! ' slipping away from him, and all was blank ! [ i His lawyer went up to bim, wondering that he ] should take it so much to heart, laid his hand upon bis shoulder, and stooping down looked into his face. He sprang hack affrighted, and lifting a white, scared face to the judge, whispered hoarsely » " My God ! your Honor, he his dead !" All was instant confusion. Caio'ine gave one shriek and fainted. Of course, all business was instantly suspended and medical aid immediately su m'Honed. Kenneth was borne into a private room, and laid upon a couch, and subjected to a critical ex amination. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 