Imitate* ROBBING PETER TO PAY PAUL,. BY JOHN SATHSTDERS, Author of ' HirelL or, Iiove Born of Strife,'3 ' Abel Drake's Wife,' ' Israel Mort, Over man,' &c;, &c; [PatliHhed by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. ] Chjipteb IV.— Asr UirriMELY Illitess. ' Itis all very charming, my good Richards. I sec nothing to alter or improve. On the con trary, it appears to me you are not content with fulfilling my wishes, bat you go beyond them. I thank you.' So said the countess, even -while her face was pale, her form languid, her step hesitating and unsafe through the unwonted fatigue and t xcitement of the day. Richards noted the charge, and could not but observe— 'I fear your lad j ship is doing too much.' 'I do feel tared! Faint! A chair!' As he brought it, and she sat down in evi tler t alarm, she crit -1, almost passionately— ' Air ! Air ! There seems none in the place 1' 'Tie window is wide open, my lady. I will elso ? pen tbe hall door.' ?' That should give me hew life,' she said, faintly, as she felt the draught of sweet air thus produced. It revived her ; and rising and taking the steward's arm, she slowly withdrew to her own favorite room, telling Ricnards to say nothing to anyone about this passing attack; and to make excuses for her it necessary to prevent Mr. Stephens coming till she should be quite recovered. A few minutes after, while the two servants in waiting were engaged in a hot discussion as to the best horse for betting on in a coming race, the countess's bell was rung. One of the footmen moved leisurely a few steps to answer it, and returned to give his companion a strong warning against the horse he had chosen, bnt started as if electrified by the renewed sounds of the .bell, pulled with great and inexplicable violence, if it was in deed the countess who summoned. As he hurries up the staircase the bell sounds once more, and so clamorously that the other servant in waiting shuts up his betting-book, forgets his favorite horse and his many speculative bets upon it, and rashes up after his comrade; while the other ser vants, and the florist's men, who had been hospitably treated, came floeking in to see what -was the matter. Presently, Richards, a grave-faced man at all times, but looking now as if he had just been in communion with a ghost, comes from the countess ; slowly descending the stairs (he is a man who never does anything fast, even to run from danger to himself, which he must havs time to realise), and standing on the bottom step, beckons to those of the florist's men who are near, and says to them, as if the matter were of no sort of consequence so far as they were concerned — ' The countess is ilL I am going to coun termand the invitations. Take back every thing you have brought without a moment's loss ot time. Our people will help.' Waiting only till he saw 'our people ' were helping with might and main, he withdrew to execute his task, an embarrassing and diffi cult one to the last degree, considering the shortness cf the notice, the quality of the in vited guests, and the distance to be gone .over by his messengers, who comprised pretty well every male servant of the family in and ont of the house who could readily be found. ? ?? ? The two lackeys, -who had in succession gone toiinswer the belL now met in the haU. ' I'm off for the doctor !' whispered one. ' And I -for the lawyer !'- said the other, Jeaines, the servant whose legs and com plexion had been so unappreciatingly dealt with. Aod then, as if he could not, even under such circumstances, repress the joke he was big with, on account of the disappointment in stoie for the guest*, he added, putting his ' mouth to the listener's ear— ' I'm to go from the lawyer's to the Duke of Boddirsgtcn's !' This -was Jeames's plea sant way of satirising the habits of the Duke of Doddington. ' I'm to:pnt him off. He ?won:t like it, -will he ? Eh ? He seldom comes cut now— too old — but when he says he wUl come, be don't understand being told he XEUsn't' Eh- And when he does, it's such fun to eee how he looks down at hU feet to know where they are going I And he's obliged to lake my arm to make sure he and they sin's going to part company. Ha! hi! hi! Stupid old duffer ! He has never once tipped me for all the harm I've kept him oat of. Well, anyhow, he won't be here to night'/' . And with that note of exultation. Jeames ?went to fulfil the commissions entrusted to him. Chapter V. — C-_n it be my Wivk'i Gentleman Jack's seclusion was disturbed by very contradictory states of mind. One moment he was inclined to congratulate him self that he had prepared the way to success; the next be felt disposed to curse his ill-luck that, at a time when matters were so critical, Stephen should have been seized with a spal of morality that might upset all his (Jack's) hopes of renewing a profitable acquaintance. He was, indeed, very low down in the world; lower than ever in bis life before, and he saw no chance of extrication if Stephen failed bin-. Tbe facts of his position, thathe had spoken cf -with such seeming gaiety of heart, were sub stantially true. And to make the matter M-c-«e, his preseiit dress and appearance rfcdertd concealment of the state of things impossible, and therefore appeals to strangers for employment ludicrously hopeless. As he tat in the room, unaware of the sudden iilcero of the countess (the servants having been specially warned to say nothing en the tnbject), he mused en the difficulties that beset Mm ; and saw he most harden him self fcr a desperate battle in the ensuing meeting with Stephen. While thus engages a respectable-looking woman, her face Covered { with a short veil, entered with one of the I servants. . j She was speaking very earnestly, but so low I that Gentleman Jack could distinguish nothing of what she said, though he tried to i do eo, as if glad of anything that might take i his thoughts away from himself. But the servant's loud unfeeling voice in answering her questions, or in putting ques tions of his own enabled him to gather that she was seeking admittance j to the countess ; that she had been much used to nursing in valids ; was sure the countess would see her, for she had written to her some time ago to tell her to call, but, unfortunately, she had not been able to avail herself of the oppor tunity till now. The servant was equally sure the countess would not see her to-day, but would go and ask. She sat down to wait, taking a chair two or three yards distant from Gentleman Jcek's. That personage, whose eyes were ever pre ternaturally open to any of the little incidents of life that might by possibility help him in his schemes, began at once to study her, and try to get a good look at her face. Bnt not once did she turn towards him, or give aDy sign that she recognised even his presence. And the reason was obvious ; her business here so engrossed her, she could think of— attend to— nothing else. Row to a gentleman of Jack's consciously large acquaintance with, and intimate know ledge of, the sex, to say nothing of his popu larity among them, this reserve^ this avoid ance of what he considered the sexs univer sal foible, a love of admiration that neither age nor ugliness could dissipate, was interest ing, piquant, provocative, so lie tried a few hems to invite her attention. -. Finding that fail he rose as if to go, walked a few paces sway, then turned suddenly ; sure she would be looking now, and he would gel a glimpse of her face. She remained motionless, and Gentleman Jack, in despair of any better theory, at once assumed that she had reasons of her own for avoiding communication with anybody— even him. Though, to be sure, as she had not locked at him she had no means of esti mating the amount of her loss by euch re ticence. He fancied she was comely— was sure she ?was rather stcnt ; and then, speculating on the nature of her primary business with the countess, came to the conclusion that she wanted to be engaged in some capacity, per haps as maid to one of the ladies. How valuable an acquaintance, then, might she not be, if he took time by the forelock, and created a little capital of goodwill towards him out of the present opportunity. He bad come here with the determination to get to Stephen, win him over once more by the old method — making his society pleasant — and then stick to him at all hazards. But he had come to what must be considered a hostile camp, and preceious indeed mast bs the aid of a friend inside, if only to warn him when to come and when to go. So, conning over a compliment to have ready after he should have wished her good morning— have forced her into talk— and seen and appreciated her features, he was about to begin when he was stopped by the return of the servant to say tbe countess was very ill, but by-and-bye would see 'Mrs. Davis,' and he made signs to her to follow him. She had to pass close to Gentleman Jack, who used the opportunity so well or so rudely that she drew her veil still closer over her features and held it with her hand till she had passed from his sight. Then Gentleman Jack, who had watched her every step with rapt eyes, dropped back into bis chair, stuck out his legs at full length before him, crossed his arms, stared, and grew livid and pale, while ejaculating to himself at intervals by turns — 'l'con: monsense! xin: A03ura: im possible : It can— not be ! Fate could not play me eo — — a trick, and at such a time ! She was slim. This one is stout. She was small of face — and good-tempered almost to the last. This one is fall-faced and stern looking, as if she had come to execute ven geance on some luckless mortal. She was Mrs. ? . This one is Mrs. Davis. And yet how like ! Can it be my wife ? And if so, did she know me ? And why docs she come here? D— — her. Had I not better scuttle off for an hour or two, and come back when she must have gone? I must see Stephen again, and presently — aye, if the devil were in my path to forbid. But what if a wife be tbe most dangerous of the two.? I'll wait oat side— confront her — know the truth — and then ? ' Whatever his last thoughts might be he did not shape them even into soundless words. He went to a servant in the hall, asked him to tell Mr. Stephen he had an appointment, but ?wculd soon be back, then got into the Etreat, scd there waited aud -watched in grim expec tancy for the return of 'Mrs, Davis.' Ch-U'tee VI.— The Cot;jste£s*« Room. Whatever weslth and luxury, iD.spixed.and chastened by a singularly refined taste, could do to enhance the beauty and dignity of tbe principal apartments of Harlaxton House certainly has been done ; but to see tfaeir effect in culmination one must be privileged to visit the countess's room ; for so s-he chese to have the place called -where she tad been accustomed to spend the greater psrt of every day. The walls of white and gold are divided into compartments of varying size and form by continuous foliage, whose natural tints and character, chosen in both respects for their delicacy and sportive grace, lend an indescribable charm to the whole before one has time to note the gems of water-color painting they enclose; all evidently from true master hands, who see decoration in all art, but art also in all decoration. The upper spaces are devoted to single figures or simple groups, selected with admirable discrimination as to their fitness for pictorial display, from the works of the great poets of all ages, beginning with the Kausicsa of Homer, and ending with the Lady of Shaiott of Tennyson. Harmoniously interspersed among these are flowers: mostly cne flower alone with its foliage, the latter so mingling with the foliage that shapes the compartments that you cannot tell where the one ends and the other begins. Presently you become aware ibat no flower is repeated; and following upon that discovery comes another that no tropical or florist's flowers of any kind arc among them, but that all the lovely and vary ing blossoms we see are genuine British wild flowers ; a constellation of native, earth-born stars, each one differing from the rest in glory. Strangers can scarcely believe the statement of their indigenous origin, till as sured that every one of them waa copied, and faithfully copied, from living specimens drawn from forest, field, or moorland, bog or marsh, mountain or yalley, ravine, water course, or river margin, on the Harlaxton estates in England, Wales, and Ireland. A trait of the countess's pride is told in re lation to one or two of these flowers, which, so search could discover on her own demains, and which the artist-in- chief was solicitous to obtain elsewhere. The countes3 in answer said— ' When I thick of all I have got, I can but also reflect it is gocd to be reminded of what is denied to me. It is a salutary lesson, my friend. Leave it so.' But it is to the larger of the compartments that cur attention is chiefly and perforce due —the ones occupying the centre of the panels, and displaying their wealth at the level of tbe eye. These are devoted to a series of ex quisite paintings, lightly but unerringly touched and tinted, completely illustrative of Milton's Penseroso. Did the lady who com missioned those works long ago divine in her secret soul the sorrows of the future, and provide for them appropriate food in this sweet, sad work of poet and painter? Did she even then feel a foretaste of today ? In tbis loom she _ tits now, like a black statue amid these fair surroundings ; motion less, tzcept when touching, from time to time, through an acquired but unconscious habit, a magnificent ruby heart, encrusted with diamonds, which she ever wears upon her breast in memory cf a lott sister. Mean while her eyes are fixed upon the door, as if the halt put to that the questions and BDonsentcus issue she is continually repeat ing in thought to herself concerning the doctor — 'When will lie ccnie ? What will he say to me?' Let me take tbe opportunity of the brief de-lsy -o try to describe her. The noble outlineof feature and the dignity of personal bearing which we are accustomed to associate with high birth and breeding, acd to a certain extent rightly, bat often very wrongly, are tbe first traits to arrest the eye as it lights on tbe Countess of Harlaxton. But even as one admires them they are soon overlooked or forgotten altogether in still XLore interesting features, that are so subtle in themselves, and so liable to change and n»elt one into another as to perplex an ob server who tries to come to any settled con clusion?. The softness and playful mobility cf the mood of one hour or day, the tender ness and fixed melancholy of the next, are at times so impressive as to make it difficult afterwards to realise the strong will, the. un- changing pnrpose, discoverable in the set of the delicately eloquent mouth ; or the irritable pride that at the first suspicion of offence ex pands the nostril, and erects and sends back the head in haughty suspense to wait for ex planation or apology. Time bas dealt with her in capricious fetbioD, has turned her once beauteous brown fcair to silvery white, forgetting she is yet bnt fifty-six ; and made the thin, pale, grace ful countenance tell the same false tale of advanced agp, perhaps in excuse of the cruelty of Ms meditated premature doom. And then the dread potentate, as if chanced with his own work, seems to have EGT/ght ceaselessly to beautify all he was about to destroy. Though the pale cheeks know no more tbe flush of the olden and sweet color, once lovely as that of the fairest rose in her garden ; though the blue eyes retain no longer the sparkle, the iDrinite ideal depths, and the allcon fiding trustfulness that once characterised them, and made it a delight to gaze on them while only seeming to listen what the lips might be saying — time compensates for these losses by the increased and increasing glow of a loving spirit, shining through every glance and lineament in those periods— unhappily too few— when their owner can listen and yield herself to the Destroyer's words of comfort— 'Some brief periods of happiness are still vouchsafed to you. Take them, and enjoy !' A caged bird, enclosed in a bower of ferns that fill a shady window at the further end of. the rocm, calls to her for the accustomed deli cacy—a lump of sugar— from those slender jewelled hands ; but calls in vain to one who is practically dead to all else in the world but the momentous liat she may be about to hoar, and the scarcely less momentous duty &nd; consequences to lollow if her worst fears arc realised. A tiny, fairy-like terrier, a sort of animated gem in black and tan— so diminutive is it, and so beautiful— suddenly leaps into her lap ; and for the first time is the little crea ture sbsken off, but without anger as without care, while its mistress, no longer able to restrain her impatient anguish, rises to open tbe door and look out, and listen if she can hear and distinguish through the ceaseless bustle of the hall tbe doctor's peculiar and heavily-planted footsteps advancing. Disappointed, she returns to her chair, leans her head against the back, covers her face wi'h a handkerchief, and passes through a few minutes of such distress as makes her slender frame quiver like a reed in the storm, but which again passes away in the con sciousness of recovered mental strength and fortitude. Then, recollecting Mrs. Davis, and think ing, in alarm, how soon she might need her help, she caused her to be brought into her presence. The fittrn look that Gentleman Jack had seen on Mrs. Davis's face, which might very well be caused by his rude and intrusive gaze, bad changed when she appeared before the countess. Her timid, yet appealing and deeply anxious look, struck at once an answering chord in the heart of the great lady, though her first words were reserved and not very promising. ' I waited for several days, Mrs. Davis, thinking something had happened which you had Eot foreseen, and which would be pre sently explained by you in person. That is six weeks ago. I have waited since then in ,-xtrenie inconvenience at the mercy of a maid I bad discharged, not being able yet to suit luvself.'' ' I am exceedingly sorry, your ladyship, but I am sure you would forgive mo if you knew tbe cause. I have been so poor I could not buy clothes, having been robbed of money I had laid by for that purpose, a little at a time, during the last five years.' 'The lady who wrote tome on your behalf, and spoke of you so highly, told me you had passed through much trouble, without, how ever, indicating its nature.' 'My etory is one of a class that even degrades the sufferer to speak of.' 'That can hardly be if the sufferer herself is innocent.' 'Your ladyship shall judge. I am most desirous to tell you all. It will not require many words.' ' Sit down, then, and don't be afraid to speak frankly.' 'I am the daughter of & farmer who was for a short time employed as a forester by your lady ship's agent on the Southwell estate That is how I came to know of your lady Ehio's goodness to the poor, and to those in trouble; and so when my bitter trouble came I was always thinking of you, and hoping some day to speak to you, but I was so beaten down in body and mind that year after year passed, and I could make no effort. But at last the kindness of the poor folk about me— in giving me a home and food — and as I grew stronger in finding me work, made me raise my head again, and begia to think how I would redeem the past by forget ing it, and by looking with hope and courage to the future. And then I made the acquain tance of the kind lady who wrote to you, but only after she had watched me for many a month, and got to know all my sad story.' ' Which you have not yet told me, or even distantly indicated.' 'Oh, your ladyship, do I not know that too ?well? What have I been thinking of all the while I have been speaking but how to find words to tell you, without renewing the misery that the merest talk about it always brings back ; and leaves me — so I fear you would think— unfit for the duties I so much covet. The dream of my girlhood was to marry a gentleman, and so escape from a home and neighborhood of which I was weary. I met one who in my blindness I thought ful filled the condition. His gaiety of disposition fascinated me; his talk of wealth he was comirjg into equally affected my father, who lent him the very money with which he married me ; and we both remained in that state of blissful confidence till my father Laving, unknown to me, lent him at last pretty well every shilling he could scrape together, was obliged to speak plainly, and then we began to understand but too plainly the man we had taken to our hearts. I must not dwell. I cannot. The recol lect iocs are too dreadful. Suffice it to say that in the end he went off with another woman, leaving my father almost rained. As to myself, I am but now once more prepared for the business cf life, although years have elapsed since he left me.' ??Have you ever seen him?' asked the countess, faintly. *' 2s o. But ycur ladyship is ill. Oh, I am so sorry that I forget all I ought to have re membered.' 'You have made me forget, too, as I listened. You bave deeply interested me. Can you stay now T' ' Oh, yes !' ' Then do so— send for ycur things. Go to my steward— say you are engaged— and that I wish your room to be near my own.' ' Oh, niy lady !' And poor Mrs. Davis was half inclining, as if to her knee\ in her abounding thankfulness and joy. Bat the countess rose with a smile that could not con ceal the physical pain and trouble beneath : and, tslring her by the hand, pressed it, and dismissed her to seek the steward, ' Haik V Yes, she hears the doctor's well known cheery voice and patronising tone on the staircase. She draws breath, as one does in the fear cf losing it altogether, and then summoning up her every faculty in aid she awaits in teeming calm his presence, merely ejaculating — 'Now! How!' ( To be continued, j 