PE TAIiMAGE'S SEEMONB. THE DOXOLOGIES. ji«?After this I beheld, and. lo, a great multitude, which 4fe maa. could number, of all nations and kindred and Skopie and tongues, Btood before the throne and before the iamb, clothed with white robes, and palms In their hands, fnd cried with a loud voice, saying, ¡Salvation to our God which aittetb upon tho throne, and onto the Lamb." Revelation, vii., 0-10. Jt is impossible to come into contact irita anything grand or beautiful, whether in art, or nature, or ¡religión, without being profited and elevated. We bo into an art gallery and our soul oomoa into oom founion with tho soul of the painter, and we hear the hum ot'his forestB and the olaBh of his oonteata, and Bee tho oloud- blossoming of the sky and tho Jfoam-blossoming of the deep. We go into a conoort and we are lifted into enchantment, knd for days after our soul keeps rooking with emo- tion as the sea ofter great stress of weather for many Bays keeps rooking and enrgintr before it comes to pe ordinary oahu. So thia moment I feel tho thrill j of JonnV Liud'e song in Castle Gardon in the days of ¿ry boyhood. On thia sumo principle, it is profitable to look off upon tho landBoapes which John desoribos b-the rivers of gladness, tho trees of life, the thrones pf power, and the comminglings of everlasting love. I wish that I oould take Heaven out of the list of in- tangibles and make it appoar to you aa it really is, che great faot of history, tho depot of agos, the grand parlour of God's universe. Tho Greek !oratorn used pomet imos with ono word arouse to the ntmostjenthusi asm of their audiences. That word waa " Mara- thon !" I would stir your deepest, highest, grandest emotion with that imperial word, " Hoaven.1 , My text seems, to bo descriptive of Hoavon to mo that my text is descriptive of a glorious holiday celebration of eome great event like ¡the birth of a Christ or His resurrection, or tho over- throw of a despotism, or the rushing of a millennium. V Af tor this I beheld, and lo, a great multitude which kio man oonld number, of all nations and kindred and people ¡and tongues, stood before tho throne and fcefore the Lamb, ¡clothed withe white robes, and palms in their hands, and cried with a loud voice, teaying, Salvation to our God whioh sitteth upon the throne, and nntp tho Lamb." ia a great holiday. Now, plways a grand and irlosio* vhile Heaven is place, it eoeys Speaking of tho inhabitants of Heaven, I mention their number, their antecedents, their dress, the Symbols they carry, and their song*. But how shall Ítell you the number of tho glorified in Heaven P I ave no idea, as some people seem to believe, that the.ohief population of Hoavon oomo from thia world, but from all worldB, into that great oapital of tho universo. I have no idea that from thia one edge of God's domain all tho glory and the grandeur that phall enter Heaven aro to como, but from tho most fllstant spheres of God's oreation a vast multitude. k writer with very great ingenuity goos on and knokos calculation of how long tho world will stand Bud how many people thero will be in eaoh genera- tion, and then winds up by tho mathomatioal oaloula jtion that thoro will be at last in Heavon twenty-seven trillions of souls. But I havo no faith in that esti- mate. I rather tako tho plain statement of my text, A. multitude that no man can number." Every few years wo have tho census taken, and it is quite teasy to understand how many people thore aro in a pity, how many people thoro are in a State, or in a nation. "Who could tako tho census of all these Rations of the gloriflad P It is quito oaay to tell how tnany members thoro ore in tho different denomina- tions of Christians-tho Baptist, the Methodist, tho Episcopalian, the Presbyterian churohes, and all the jbhnrohos of Josue Christ. If they woro all gathered in an audience room, what an assemblage I But it would give no idea of tho groat throng that shall come up at tho last before the throne of God from all Becta, from all denominations, from all ages. These jvorshipped God in (splendid liturgy, and those in broken sentences breathed the sorrow of a broken jboart, Those oamo np from Sb. Paul's Cathedral, and thoso from sailors' Bethel. Theao worehippoa God undor shapeless rafters, and those under nigh pptuflg oroh. " A great multitude that no man can number." There is nothing more impressive than an army. You stand on a hillside and soe 60,000 or 40,000 men marohing on. The soono is overwhelming. But take all the logions of Sennacherib, ona of Xorxes, and of Cyras, and of Alexander, and of Napoleon, and of all the armies of our own centuries, and^then mount a fleet steed and ¿ide along tho lino and review tho troops, and. that great host will seem only like a half-formed regiment ÜB compared with tho armies of tho redeemed, I stood at "Williamsport during the war, and I Baw a largo part of tho army march down towards the banks jf tho Potomac, afad it Beamed as if tho line woro in- terminable. But to-day Ï take tho Hold glass of St. Dohn and look; off upon tho multitude, the groat ho3t, tho armies of light, and beyond aro thousands, and beyond aro millions of souls, and I try to count tkojeompariies and the regiments and battalions, but I fail, I fail. I olosa tho portfolio, I put aside the pon, I cannot mako tho Calculation. I havo only to ptf out in tho words of my text. '* A great multitude that no man con number." jlax your imagination, torturo your ingenuity, break down all your powers of calculation in trying to toll of hundreds of hundreds of hun Ürjefls, and thousands of thousands of thousands, and ^nyllionä of millions of millions, and quadrillions of ^ttadrillions of quadrillions, and quintillions of quin- tillions of quintillions, and then when tho head aches and the heart faints, ory out in your exhaus- tion, ' " Â. great multitude that no man oan number." II Bp-t my subject adyancos, and it tolls you of their nnropedents. " Of all nations and people and kin- dred and tongues." Some of them spoko Scotch, English, Irish, Swiss, Spanish, Italian, Choctaw, founaill Burmese. As in a city now you oan toll by tho accentuation from what part of tho earth thopooplo -havo come, so of thoso in that great city of the Bun wo will be able to find out from tehat part of this barth und from what ¿art of other Worlds tho inhsJu^ inta havo como, ffheso reaped Sicilian wheat fields, and thoso picked cotton from the_ pods. Thoae, under tropical skies, ftafho'red tamarinds and yams. Thoso crossed tho jdesort on camels, and those shot over tho snow, drawn by Siberian dogs. These wore plunged into ' ATiiftrian dungeons, ThoBO wore oonfinéd in London gower. These walked through Spanish Inquisition. ÍThese fought with wild boasts in the amphitheatre. Hhese hunted th© walrus and the white bear in regions of everlasting enow, and thees heard the sound of fiery-winged birds in African thicket. They were white, they were black, they were red, they were eopper-oolomed, they were Moravian, they were Wal deneos, thej were Albigease», th*y were Sandwich Islanders. " Prom all nations and all tongues." On earth different nations prefer different kinda of govern- ment. But ;:i that great land to which we go they ali prefer a E onarchy, with Christ at the hoad of it ; and if that laonarchy should be diabasded, and it should be left to tho votes of ali th© nations of tho universo who should reign, by overwhfcluiLn.tr and unanimous suffrage Christ would be made the Presi- dent of the universe. Magna Chartas, bills of right, houses of burgesses, triumvirates, congresses, parlia- ments dissolved at the touch, of Jesus' sceptre!. All antecedents, all nationalities, or to oom© back to tho words of my i«xt, *' Of all .nations and kindred and people and tongues." But my sulijeot advance*, g3i& it describes the dress of the glorified. The objeet of dross in this world is not only to v<iil the body but to adorn it. The God who twisted for the brow of the morning tho blue ribbons of tba sky, and hung the ear jewels of the dewdrops to tho tree branch, and flung the crimson mantle of tho cloud over the shoulder, and alipperod with violoted groen grass the feet of the soaring morning-surely that God does not despise ornate) apparel. My text says they are in white. In this world often v. e wear working apparel. It is always a sign of groat weakness on the part of a man if he ia ashamed to be found in his workinr apparel. Bright or glistening dress would heall out of plaço in the bankin;! house, or in the faotory, or delving in tho mine, or sweltering at the forge, or binding the booka. In thia world wo mus t have on work-day ap- parel. But whon our work ia all done, aud these hands aro folded from earthly toil, and tho chariots aro all fashioned, and tho tomploa are all finished, and the mansions are all done, no more use for working-day apparel. Wo shall be clothed in white. In this world wo ofton have to wear garments of mourning. Blaok scarf for tho arm, blaok glovos for tho hands, black voil for tho face, block band for the hat. Abraham mourning for Sarah. Isaao mourning for Rebecca. Rachel mourning for her children. David mourning for Absalom. Mary mourning for Lazarus. Every Becond of every minute of evory hour of evor^ dav a heart breaks, Prom aone to EOUO and fron polo to pole the earth is oloft with sepulchral rent and it is no wonder that the earth oan so earl; bloom and blossom, for it is BO rioh with moulderini life-graves, graves, graves. But our bereavement all over, our partings ondod, Wo standing in rounioi with our lovod and departed ones, what moro need o tho blaok ? what moro need of mourning weeds ? I will bo white. But my eubjoct advances, and lt tells you thi symbols they carry. If my text had said they oarriec branohes of cypress-that would havo meant sorrow, If the toxt hud Baid that they carried nightshade that would havo moant sin. If it had said thoy car riod wooping willows-that would havo meant mourn lng. Bub no. Palm branch I " I beheld a great multitude olothed with whito robes, and palms ir their hands." In oidon times, when a oonquoroi came home from victorious battle, ho rode at tho head of tho army and undor tho triumphal arch, and tho peoplo would como out with branches of the palra tree and. wovo thom in the lino of tho retiring host, and that meant greeting, and it meant victory. What a suggestive (symbol to our souls 1 Tho glorified look back and tb cy remember tho long Journey they travelled. Thoy look baolt and they remem- ber tho burden thoy carried. They look back and they remember the glorious rescue God wrought out in their behalf, and thoy are exultant boforo tho throno waving their palms. Thoy kneel at the feet of Ohrist and they think of Hie wounds and His sufferings in their behalf, and they say, " This is the Christ who wopt my griefs ; this is tho Ohrist who bound my wounds ; this is tho Chrisl who died my death," and thoy will riso and stand waving thoii* palma, That Christ on, earth had a long and weary way. Ho orunchod the hard orusb. Infernal spite» spat on both cheeks. Ho waa despised and rejected of mon, but now tho rodoemod stand around about Him. They behold him enthroned and orowned. Standing there exultant in that glorious presence they are waving thoir palms. Christ ro mombors tho story and Ho reoites tho viotory. He tells of viotories for the church, victories for tho truth, everlasting viotory- victory of God tho Father, Cod j tho Son, and God tho Holy Ghost. And aa Ho an I nounoea those viotories, all tho glorified, hoBt beyond host, rank above rank^ gallery above gallery, stand. I But what a ee«.8on it will ba when all thp victorious troops of God on high, having fought their last battle j and gained th oír last yiotory, Bhall oelebrate tho joy on their knee«, on thoir thrones, waving thoir palms ? My text advances one stop more and speaks of thoir song. In this world wo have eocnlar songs, and nur- sery songs, and harvest songs, and boatmen's Bongs, and sentimental songs ; but the groat song of Hoavon, according to my text, will bo salvation from death and hell unto oternal life through tho blood of tho Lamb. " Thoy oricd with a loud voice Salvation unto our God and unto the Lamb." I soo a soul entering Hoavon, and tho loved ones who preooded it gather around and hait" tho newly arrived, and they Bay "What «hall wo sing?" and tho newly-arrivod says " Sing salvation." and after a while there is a i chain of apprehension snapped, there is a throno of despotism destroyed, or tho ohuroh of Josus Christ I on earth gains ßomo great viotory, and the angels before the throne ory "What shall wo sing?" and i tho multitude round about tho throne will answer. " Sing salvation." And after a while tho ohuroh militant will rush up into tho arms of the church tri- umphant, and while the righteous are ascending, and the world is burninir, and all things aro being wound up, the ory willbe lifted, " What shall wosingp" and thoro will com^up a response like the voice of many waterB, and like the voice of mighty thunderings, " Sing salvation." In this world thoro are songs plain- tive with sorrow, and there aro songs dirgoful for tho dear, but no weeping symphony there, no wailing anguish. Tho tamest tune will bo a hosanna. The dullest song will be ft triumphal maroh. Joy of cherubim, Joy of seraphim. Joy of tho ransomed. Joy forovor. On oarth churches somofcimoB sang very poorly. They sang sometimos out of accord. Somo would not siuir ; somo could not sing; somo sang too high ; som© pang too low j somo Bang by fits and starts ; but in that great audience of tho redeemed all tho voice? will bo in accord, and they who on oarth know no difforenoo botwoon a plantation ¡ melody and tho "Dead March in Saul," will lift an anthem which the Mendelssohns and the Boothovons and tho Schumanns novor imagined, and tln-ough all oternity you raight listen and not hoar ono discord all theheighbFj and depths and lengths and breadths and immenrsities of Hoavon filled with hosanna. When pooplo entered tho Tomplo of Diana in olden times, sometimes thoir oyesight was extinquit»hed by tho brillianoy of tho room, the gold and tho glittor of tho precious stones, and therefor* the janitor when ho introduced strangers into that room always said to them, "Take heed to your eyes." Tho stranger entered that room with shaded vision. But, O, hiy friends, whon the song of tho redeemed rises about the throne, rnany Voiced aud multitudinous, you take Hoed of your ears. -the nong BO loud and so stupendous. They Bing » rGck song, saying, " Who ia He that sheltered us in the wilderness, and was the shadow of a great rook in a weary land ?" and the chorus comes in, ''Christ, thy shadow of a groat rock in a weary land." They sing a star eong, saying, "Who ia Ha that guided na through the night, and when all other lights weat out, ¿hone on ns, the morning star for the world's darkness ?" and tho chorus will come in, " Christ, the Morning Star for the world's darkness." They sing a flower song, saying. if Who is He that brightened the way for us and breathed perfume into our soul, and bloomed on through frost and tempest?" and the roar anse, the chorus will como in, " Christ, tho Lily of tho Valley, blooming through frost and tempest." Yea, they sing the water song, " Who is He that gleamed upon us through the top of the rook, and brightened all tho ravines of earthly trouble, and was a fountain in the midst of the wilaernoss P" and the chorus wilL como in, " Christ, tho fountain in the midst of thy wilderness.'' Will we join that song? Aro we to-day rehearsing fot it I My friends, if we do not sing it hero wo will never sing it there. You want to sing it thore, for you are thiuking of loved ones who have gone over-father, mother, loved ones thore. You want to know what thoy are doiner now ? I will tell you what they are doing. They aro singing. You want to know what thoy weat ? I wiU tell you what they weat. They wear whifcó. Pi 4f you only star tod this day for Heaven. Angola of «od poising mid-air, ory up the nows : thoy RIO Coming. Gatekeeper of Heaven, forward tho tidings. Watohman on tho battlements, throw the signal. Let there be joy in Heaven «vor sinnors penitent and forgiven. They aro coining 1 They aire ooming J OI if wo miss Heaven, it will not be bocanas we do not want to got thoro ; but if wo lose it, it will bo in tho samo way that Louis Philippe lost his kingdom. The palace was bo.Veqed, tho national guards wcro in deforce, and th's general of tho army Baid to tho King, "Shall wo Sx&f;" "No," he replied, "not yet, not yot." After" a while, when the soldiers bogan to exchange arms with the citizens, and it was found that tho castlo waa about to bo surrendered, then Louis philippo said, "Pire I" " No," said tho gonoral, "it ia too late; wo hare surrendered." Down went Louis Philippe, and from the face of the earth tho houso of Orleans, just beoause ho said, " Not yot, not yet." God forbid that wo should postpone tho assault of onr spírini ú foes until tho castle surrendered, and wo haye lost Heaven the way Louis Philippe lost his kingdom. 