CARROLL O'DOWOGHUL A TALE OF THE IEISH STRUGGLE ? OF 1866. CHAPTER XIX. DISAPPOINTED. Continued. ?What is the matter ?' asked Nora, kindly ; 'you have been seen about here so little of late that we hoped you had found some com fortable home at last.' ' Comfortable home — me in a comfortable home !' he laughed in painful mockery of the words. ' There never will be a comfort for me ; neither here, nor hereafter ; the devil is now waiting to seize my soul.1 Jiush ! said Nora, battling against a sen sation of famines s which crept for a moment upon her, ' do not say such dreadful words. He who made you is all- powerful to save you.' ' Yes ; but not when a soul is black with guilt like mine is. Yon asked a minute ago if there was any one here in trouble ; I am in trouble — my heart is breaking within me !' The expression of anguish which came into his pinched features attested the truth of his words. The gentle girl was painfully touched. ' 'What is it, Rick ? perhaps I can help you ; tell me your sorrow, that I may at least try to relieve it.' He shook his head. ' You could not ; not all the kindness of your pure young heart could lighten the load on my mind. But may be you could tell me something that might stifle the pain of my conscience. If a father lost his child,— a little one that was like the apple of his eye ; a little one that he loved till his heart didn't seem to beat when she was out of his sight — it he lost her, 1 mean it she was taken from him to a good rich home to be the darling of everybody there, and to be made to think that her father was dead, and if that father was content to give her up— content because of the riches and the comfort and the educa tion which would be given his darling, — I say if he was content to do all this, and to wander the world without her, begging his bit, but always crying for her in his heart ; at the last, when he could stand it no longer, when the grief in his bosom was hurrying him to the grave, would it he right for him to claim his child P' The homely, but touching, pathos of the voice, the wild grief in the face looking down upon her, drew forth Nora McCarthy's most compassionato tears ; they flowed fast and eopiously. ' It would be right,' sho answered. 'Right for him to intrude himself,' he resumed, ' into that grand home, beggar and outcast as he is ; right for him to spoil his child's hapiness by the shock which it would give her to learn that she has such a father P' ' Yes,' replied Nora ; ' and when she learns of his faithful and tender affection for her through all the years, surely her heart will bpund to him — let him be what he may; a villain, a murderer, he will be still her father, and, so far as regards herself, her loving father.' ' And do you think, then,'— the voice grew moro mournfully earnest, the eyes more mournfully earnest, the eyes more piercing in their look—' that it would be the duty of that loving child to leave that elegant home and go with her begging father P' 'I do, I do !' answered Nora; 'it should be her loving task to labour for him and to ©Dmfort him.' * Thank you, Miss McCarthy ; those are the sweetest words I have heard for many a day ; if I wasn't the sinful creature I am, I'd bid God to bless you, but such words from me would only be a mockery.' He turned to leave the gap. 'A moment, Rick,' besought Nora. 'I would say another word to you. I feel that this case whieh you have so toxichingly de , scribed is your own, and I fancy that I can understand now your unhappy life — the wan dering habits we have so censured, your in temperance, your distaste for labor, — all have been due to this harrowing grief. I pity you my poor fellow, but a brighter day is coming , you will claim this long-lost, ardently-loved child ; she will bound to your arms, and with her you will be once more happy. Yes, Rick ; and in that happiness you will thank God, and you will return to Him ; you will atone for the past, you will make reparation to the sacred Heart you have so wounded. Promise me, Rick, that when that day comes you will return to the God you have so long forsaken — you will frequent the Sacraments once more.' He had clasped his hands over his face, and she saw by the violent trembling of his form, and the tears which trickled between his fingers, the grief that he could not repress. ' You know not what you ask, Miss McCarthy/ he said at last, looking at her. ' I do, Rick, I do, and I want your pro mise' — stepping lightly on the loose stones so that she could be nearer to him, while at the same time she extended her hand. ' Not my hand to lie in your innocent palm,' he replied, 'I'll promise without that.' He turned quickly, jumped into the road below, and walked rapidly away. Nora went to her couch with strange thoughts ; and amid her own grief and anxiety she had sympathy to spare for the poor wretch with whom she had so recently parted, and for whom before she slept she offered many an earnest and fervent prayer. CHAPER XX. A STREET ARAB. It was only a street accident, the over turning of a gig driven tandem, and the dash ing away of the frightened horses with the broken vehicle. The owner of the turn-out had singularly escaped, owing to his presence of mind and las swiftness in jumping; but a little street Arab had fallen under the feet of the horses, and he seemed to be severely hurt. Tighe a Vohr, passing at the time, had witnessed the whole of the accident, and he was the first to lift the little prostrate form. The boy was not insensible, but the wound in his head, from which the blood flowed profusely, and the death-like colour of his face bespoke no light injury. ' I have no home, but don't let them take me to the hospital,' he whispered, striving to smile at the friendly face above him ; and Tighe, touched to the heart by the gentle, mournful look in the soft, dark eyes, and the pleading in the faint voice was puzzled how to grant the boy's request. He was not long, however, in having one of his sudden, bright thoughts. Corny O'Toole's bachelor apart ment was in the next street— a few seconds' walk would bring him there ; and without pausing to think what Corny's opinion on the subj ect might be, or what kind of a welcome the latter might accord the injured stranger, he resolved to bear his burden thence, trusting to hisi ingenuity for mollifying the old man's temper should it be unpleasantly aroused. ' Back,' he cried to the crowd now pressing about him, ' lave the way !' — speaking angrily to some of the foremost, who with impertinent curiosity were thrusting them selves in his face. His sturdy demeanour showed that he would enforce his order, and the crowd made a passage for him, dropping sundry remarks as he went. ' The craythur ! it must be his brother ; and a purty gossoon he is ! The Lord betune us and harrum, but it's little we know from one day to another what'll overtake us.' Tighe, paying little attention to the obser vations, hurried on with his burden, Shaun closely following him. Mr. O'Toole had the same lock, and bolt, and spike to attend to when Tighe knocked at his door, as on the occasion of the latter's previous visit ; but Tighe's voice pleading for speedy admission seemed to hasten the little man's movements. ' I'm afeerd he's killed, Corny — the beautiful little lad!' began Tighe, the moment the door was fairly opened, and he brushed by the astounded Mr. O'Toole to the bed which stood in a curtained corner of the room. Placing his burden gently upon it, he continued : ' There was no other place to take him, Corny, and I minded how me mother used to tell of your tender heart for the poor and the distressed, so I made up me mind to bring him here,. and we'll nurse him, Corny, you and me, till he gets well.' The allusion to Mrs. Carmody struck home, as the sly Tighe a Vohr knew it would. Mr. O'Toole was by the bedside in a moment. ' Get me spme water,' said Tighe, ' and we'll wash this cut the first thing — see how deep it is ; and maybe we could get him well again without having recourse to a doctor ; for doctors, bad luck to them ! are only a dissecting set that'll take your money while you're living and your body when you're dead.' Corny, was obedient to all the directions, looking on with a sort of stupid wonder at the skill and quickness with which Tighe at tended to the patient. The tender- hearted fellow's hand was as gentle as a woman's, and the patient little sufferer evinced his grati tude by a frequent effort to smile. The cut was not so deep as Tighe had feared, and by the time it was carefully washed, and the soft, thick, curling hair cropped from about it, it aeemed to need no more than a simple bandage. The boy lay back on the pillow with a sigh of relief, and closed his eyes ; indeed, fatigue, more than pain seemed to distress him, and Tighe drew the curtains, and motioning Corny to follow him, stole to a distant part of the room. ' I don't know one thing about him,' Corny,' explained Tighe in a, whisper, ' only I saw the horses dash him under their feet, and I was frightened entirely ; then when I lifted him, it went to me heart the way he told me that he had no home, and the look with which he asked me not to let them take him to the hospital. That's the whole of it, Corny ; but oh, won't me mother be pleased when I tell her of your noble goodness this day!' 'Pshaw!' said the little man, trying to cover by affected indifference the glow of pleasure into which he was thrown by the last words. ' A few days' rest,' continued Tighe, ' will make him all right ; and now, Corny, I have a word to tell you about myself.'' Mr. O'Toole drew his chair closer, and very affectionately patted Shaun, who was sitting gravely between them. The allusion to Mrs. Carmody had made him well dis posed to take an active interest in everything pertaining to Tighe a Yohr. Tighe continued, still in a whisper : ' The young master is so strictly guarded that not one at all'll be let to see him, and Father Meagher and the young ladies had to go back to Dhrommacohol yesterday the same as they came, without one sight of him. Well, Mr. Garfield ? ' ' The quartermaster that I wrote the letter to in the Widow Moore's name ?' interrupted Mr. O'Toole. ' The very same, Corny ; and right well your letter was recaved ; he doesn't believe to this day that there's a bit of a joke in the matter, and what with his own insisting on being where the widdy is, and following her like a ghost, he's the sport of the town ; and she hates the sight of him as the devil hates holy water. Oh, but I'm tould it's a sight to behold her freezing looks at him, and the cold shoulder she gives him every way, and he, poor omadhaun, thinks it's all right because we told him so in the letter. You mind the contents of the letter, Corny ?' ' 1 do,' said Mr. O'Toole, with a glow of pride. ' Well,' resumed Tighe, ' her brother Jack isn't a bit better than herself ; he's down on the poor fool of a quartermaster too, and he's been trying to make all sorts of sport of him. He succeeded in making him bet himself, and get the bets of his friends, on a horse that has the trick of going lame at times when there's to be a race ; and now for this race that's coming ofii in a week or so, poor Gar field hasn't a horse nor a rider, and he'll be out a hundred pounds or so ; besides being the manes of his friends losing also. Are you taking it all in, Corny P' ' I am,' answered that gentleman with a very solemn air. ' Well, whin I heerd that, and heerd, too, that the master's friends couldn't get nigh or nixt him, and also that the master himself will be kept here a month, I jist wintto work thinkin' — hard thinkin/ Corny.' Tighe paused, aDd looked sharply into his listener's face, as if to question what the latter's surmise would be regarding the result of his severe cogitations. Mr. U loole, by way of answer, spread both his hands firmly upon his knees, bent his body forward, and looked as sharply into Tighe's face, his look expressing : ' What did you think?' ' Me thinking kem to this, Corny : that if I could foind another horse and a rider for Mr. Garfield, in his gratitude he moight foind a way for us all to git seein' the masther.' ' Timothy Carmody, I'm proud of you !' the little man stood up, and shook Tighe's hand ; ' you are your mother'3 own son, and you deserve to be Timothy O'Toole.' He had forgotten in his eagerness his previous whispered tones, and had spoken aloud ; but Tighe pointed to the bed, and put his finger on his lip, and Mr. O'Toole, having wiped, his face and given a careful twist to his sidelocks, sat down. ' It was easy enough to think so far,' re sumed Tighe, bringing his mouth in close proxi mity to Corny's ear, ' but it was the devil's own job to think where I'd get the horse. I used to be a good hand at contriving to get them some way for our own races afore the master was transported ; and I'm thinking now I'll have to do what I used to do then — take the lend of a horse without asking the owner's leave, and hold myself prepared to be a martyr for the consequences.' ' But how will you take the time to find the horse, and to ride him in the race, engaged as you are at present ?' said Corny, pointing significantly to Tighe's dress. ' Leave me alone for that,' answered Tighe a Vohr ; ' Shaun/ — affectionately plac ing his hand on the dop; — 'was the manes of managin' it for me. Faith, I don't know what I'd do at all wldout Shaun P' — turning a look expressive of the fondest re gard on the scraggy animal. ' I. spoke to Captain Dennier this very morning about laving his sarvico. Ho was the ourprisodest man iver you seen, Corny. ' Lave me !' he says, ' what for P Arn't you thrated wellF ' I'am, yer honor,' sez I ; ' better thrate ment I couldn't wish for; and if it was restin' wid inesel,' I'd be contint to stay wid yer honour always,' ' Well, what is the trouble ?' he axed thin ; ' tell me plainly, Tighe.' ' Thin, Corny, I pnrtinded to be awful shy intoirely, and to be soortof distressed loike ; and to restore rao confidenco, and to make me feel aisy afore him, he bid m.v take a sate, and he took one himself, and ho ?,sz : c You !mo\7, Tighe, I promisee Captain Crawford to purvido for you, and I'd 3oike to kape me word ; besides, I'm plazed wid you meself and I'd loike you'd stay.5 ' i would, yer honor, I answered, ' but the: life in the barracks doesn't suit Shaun at all.' ' Oh, Tighe,' interrupted Mr. O'Toole, ' you didn't say that !?' ' The divil a lie in it, Corny ; I said that wid as sober a face as I havo this minit, and I wint on, while the captain ss3 bolt uprighfc in his chaii', and looked at me as it he thougbfc I had lost me sinses . ' Shaun,' sez I, ' is a. delicate dog, and what wid the confinement 0' the barracks, and the exciting sight o' the soldiers, he's getting thin and woi'si some. He was^always used to the counthryy and to plinty of liberty, and I'll have to go away wid him for a few days.' _ 5 Thin the captain sez : ' Well, Tighe, if I give you lave of absence for a wako, would not that recruit your dog ? £ No,' ses I, thinking of the race ; ' nothing less than two wakes'd do — Shaun'a striath is run down, and he requires particles thrato mint.' ' Well, take the two wakes,' sez he. So here I am, Corny, wid two. wakes lio'iday afore me, and a good aisy place at ms- back0' There was a faint call from the curtained corner. Both Tighe and Corny were instantly at the bedside. ' Where am I ?' The dark eyes were opened wide in wondering surprise', and the head half lifted from the pillow. ' Oh, I mind it all now,' — as Tighe's sym pathetic face appeared in the opening of the curtains ; ' I was knocked down by the horses, and you picked rae up and brought me here ;' and the most ravishing smile that Tighe thought he had ever seen played on the perfect features. ' Don't be thrying to talk/ said Tighe, softly, ' for if you'll be quiet, you'll be well in no toime. Lie down now/ — as the boy endeavored to rise to a sitting posture —'.and Corny here'll snake you a cup of tay — the weed that he kapes in his own private canisther. Won't you, Corny ?' ' To be sure I will,' answered Corny, immediately beginning to bustle about the necessary preparations. ' Let me tell you/ pleaded the boy, catch ing one of Tighe's hands in his fevered grasp, ' you look so kind that you bring my heart back to Cathleen. It won't hurt me/ — as Tighe doubtf uly shook his head. — ' I'll not say very much ; and — oh !' — with a cry of terror, and a spring that brought him to an upright sitting posture, — ' what did I do with it — have I lost it P' He searched his bosom wildly. It came forth at last, a piece of folded paper, and with a sigh of intense ' relief, he caught it fast in his hand, and laid himself back exhausted on his pillow. Tighe would have drawn the curtains and left him, but the little fevered hand again grasped him. ' Stay/ whispered the boy, ' I shall be better 111 a moment, and I can tell you. He did rally, and Tighe was forced to hear him. ' I am to take this paper/ — holding up the latter, — ' to Dhrommacohol, and give it to some one there that they call Rick of the Hills.' Tighe no longer bade the boy desist ; ho was listening now with most eager attention. ' Mr. Carter gave it to me to take. He was stopping at Hoolahan's, where I had my meals and a lodging yesterday, and my breakfast this morning. He wanted this note to be taken by hand, for he was afraid if he sent it by post it wouldn't reach Rick of the Hills, by reason of the latter not being always in the one house. He gave me direc tions if I didn't find him at once to go to two or three other places. One of the women in Mr. Holohan's told him I could be trusted, and he was so anxious to have the note go quick that he bade me start at once ; and now what'll I do if I'm not able to take it P' He looked with touching anxiety into Tighe's face. ' I am going down to Dhrommacohol this very day/ answered Tighe a Vohr, ' and I know Rick of the Hills, and if you'll thrust me, I'll take ifc to him.' ' Trust you,' the boy said, c after what you done for me ! I'll trust you, and I'll be so happy to know that the message went, and that Mr. Carter won't be disappointed.' {To he continued.) 