Heiibronn. ; BY MRS. A. BLITZ, AtfTÄOB OF. " OLD STANLEY'S WILL," «C.. CHASTER XI. It was close on ll o'clock afc the night. James Carp, of the Blue Bell Arms, North Shore, was reclining lazily against the counter of the bar. His unlit pipe hanging loosely in his mouth, was now and again withdrawn, to allow h'm to give vent to a wide, drawling sleepy yawn, or to make a casual remark to another man, who was munching a sandwich, and Bipping, beer, in front of him. " j Mrs. Carp,"who was certainly James's better half, a woman of elephantine proportions, with heavy flabby eheeks and eyes lost in fat, stood close by in the act of drawing.a mug of ale, and occasionally joined in the conversation. James Carp was just preparing' for another gape, when a tall thin stranger entered the inn, , and made him shut his mouth^wifch a snap, for- getting his sleepiness in his curiosity concerning him. The stranger wore a California.hat slouched over his brows, ay.oiïngbeard of. brown bristling wiry hairs, looking something like the Siirfaco °f a musical bax barrel, and clothes that fitted him nowhere, hanging on his Jong lean liuibs. ;urThey all cast inquisitive glances1 at him. . "Mrs. Carp stared stupidly, and allowed tho ale to froth over the mug and trickle down her dress; . . /' Where do you hail from, my bravo pair of tongs ?" said the munohing man. .-. Mr. Carp," said the stranger, addressing- > himself to the host, and-ignoring his companion's ; . waggery;Don't you know me ?'' ; ** Know you ?" was the reply. '" Darned if I know you, but I seems to know yer voice, by all that's rum." ^ "Oh,-come, now, look afc me -well," and the . California Ijafc was lifted to disclose, a head upon ; whioh the hair waa springing liko. .young: grassy? The flickering" gas-light fell upon a pair of lantern jaws and pinched features/ looking almost spectral beneath its yellow glare. % ..m " Good God !" screamed Mrs. Carp, as the mug"1 foll from her trembling hands, and the ale flooded .? the floor. "Is it a ghost, or-or flesh and blood?" . ' Mr. Carp,who had been "looking well" accord- ing- to invitation, now sprang over the'counter with a leap, and stood at the side :of this appari tion j then Baid, in a voice filled with awe/ " Aire""; you, or aire you not, Mr. Frederick-Lonfield ??' , "Ahl You do recognise me then Mr. Carp. What remains of me I can assure you is real flesh, and blood/' '. t, And BO Frederick Lonfield steps ouce . again to the front. "Indeed 'tis. hisself"/' blubbered the . poor woman, whose eyeB looked ^exactly; like two'< little pools sunk under her .brows, nowithafc ithey were filled with tears. "Tis hisself come back from the dead." * - - ? . - ' 1 i ' " It takes a sharp sight, sir, to knowyer agen/'* exclaimed her husband. >"v :,lH\f.r. '". Who could recognise the handsome':athletic heir of Heilbronn in the person of this gaunt lean creature standing before them P. . . . ¡ >¡~y "We're mighty glad to give you welcome;.Mr. < Fred," he continued, gripping Fred's hand-with all his strength, " but there's them as will he gladder." < . . . > ;:; *. ' - "YeB, Carp, its -about that I have como diere first. Just come into the, parlour, will you, I want to speak to you "privately/1 " "Certainly sir; come this'way." .. And Carp led him into the bar, parlour which ^diffusedu'; liberally an odour of fried* onions and-i deceased -,. ? f flies. Its walla were damp <aud ^moke-stained;' ^ ,1 A Bquare table supported by four ispindle, weak- ?? .> looking lega, partly hidden by a dark green oil akin cover, stood in the centre/ on which ; wer© stationed at opposite corners a couple of willow- < patterned plates bearing fly papers strewed..; v plentifully with the dead bodies ot their prey.' 'A r ' few straight-backed, wooden chairs completed the . . attractions of this apartment, which*was lighted " by adim gas "eb projecting over the niantlepicoe, but ÎFred was callous to all outward things ;- his T "mind was filled with one thought. , '."Lord, Mr. Fred,'1 bogan Carp/as they seated-~ themselves at"the table, " Do tell how ib is;yer 'ere,'when we all thought you was at the bottom r of the sea ?" ?.?< « . " Presently,, presently,' ' said the young man . impatiently. '^Firsb tell me why the cottage 11 iö closed. Have you not received the rent, and where is Pol-, the íady, I mean ?" ' . v ; Carp sh'ifted about uneasily, and examined1 " the le<g of his chair, carefully. . j "."Darn thia chair,, now, for a piece; of cracked ,"' rubbish.'' t ??? "Weil," cried Fred, raising his voice., "Jiang : the ohair, man, answer me." . Then Carp raised his hoad and answered eva- . . aively, " She is gone." ' . . t ' "Don't IJçnow. that? Where has she gone? Has hay reappearance scattered your wile ?" \- J," Well, sir, if you must 'ave tho truth, why you must; and, and, she çould'nt stand the shoot, you see. fr She went. Oh,. Mr. Fred, .yer '; ain't fit^pçibad.news, yer ain't. ; She, she Jf .r ;J ; ; 1 >. " She* she/ she what ? In heaven's name tell ' me, or I can't answer for what Tshall do to you," exclaimed Fred with a clenched hand. ??" That night," faltered Carp, getting alarmed,* * ''that we thought .you were' done for, the night pf the stormi it waa fright as did it. . That night she, she, she jest died; and-" .?. ? . . -: i ,Carp could say no more, for Fred sprang out of his chair as if he had been shot and swooning, fell. ? prostrate on his face to the grour.d. . - Here we must intrude again at Heilbroun, for the following morning at the breakfast hour"of-> the Lonfield's, usually a quiet retired one of the day, the footman knocked at the breakfast parlour door, and admits our prying.gnjze.. ? .»-i.»i.»v ." Come in" from Mr". Lonfield. Enter Joe, agitated and pale. " Well, Joe, what is it now ?" said his master;, "Please,air,aman, that man, sir,a man"-both master and mistress eyed the lad suspiciouslyfor " a -moment.. - Surely he -was not drunk-?-'- Mrs." "* " Bonfield was the first to understand that some- thing very unusual must have occurred to excite the boy's nerves, and that drink had, nothing to do with it j eo she Baid, ? ' ?T- . "' "What is the matter, Joe P don't be fright- ened ! Something has happened." *' Yes, ma'am, no, ma'am, I mean. Its James Carp, of North Shore. He wants to see Master, please, and told ns, and said-oh, I can't ! Let me bring him hereP" and Jae, too flurried to remember his usual decorum, rushed from the room. Mr. and Mrs. Lonfield looked at each other, as much as to say, " What does it mean ?" and rose from the table together as James Carp himself appeared at the door. Good morning to you," he began, with his hat crushed under his arm, and his hands rolling nervously a red cotton handkerchief into a ball, with which he wiped their palms, " I bring you news, and take the liberty of oomin', 'opin' you'll not be vexed, when you 'ears it. Your son--" He stopped short as the mother interrupted, " Archie, Arohie, what can it ¡be ?" Mrs. Lon- field said faintly j then addresiing their un- looked-for visitor, added, " Can you have found the body ? Oh, speak-speak." " Steady, lady, I 'ave the body of your «on at hoirie, but it's got life and breath'in it-it has, by the livin' God, he has come baok from the sea : that's all I know at present." His hearers looked at him in mute astonish- ment. Who waa he, to bring such wonderful tidings ? The realisation of their truth was slow to come ; sluggishly it crept, till at length it burBt like a glorious flood of sunshine where darkness only reigned before. The hearts of each parent, ever beating as one, now kept time together in their wild throbbing and surging as the full meaning of the message sank deeper and deeper. They began to understand they had been blind before, and were now restored to sudden sieht. Had they not b<4>n blind and deaf and dumb as well to all sunshine and joy ? Unable to speak with emotion, by one impulse eaoh sprang to the arms of the other, and then, forgetful of all elee, embraoed and wept, while Carp stood a silent witness, swallowing a lump in his throat, dabbing his eyes with his globular handkerchief, and rubbing hi nose so vigorously that it bogan to look like a raw carrot more than anything else. Mr. Lonfield, with his wife's head on his breast, was the first to recover himself, *'You have brought us a wonderful surprise; we thought to die to meet our son. What more is there to tell ?" . He scarcely raised his voice above a whisper; he was awe stricken. Its jest this way sir. Last night a mate and me and my missis was in the bar, and in comes a stranaer. We never knew him, bless yer, until he spoke, and took off his "at, but he was all 'ot to know why the cottage-you bought of me you know-was shut hp, and where the lady was, and all that, and the; poor chap he looked done-up like, and it went dead against a feller to toll him; you see, but he reg'larly pulled it out of me, as it were. Well, it jest hit him like a bullet, and down he fell on his face. We put him in our own bed, missus andme, and bathed his 'ead all night, thinking, of courpe he would bo all right and square termorrer ; but this is termorrer and he ain't nd: better. Hó" ain't right in tho head, and I came as early.as I could to tell you." Then .MrB. LorifieldTifted her face and spoke with affected composure, - " God will bless you for your kindness. S Go -now, and wo will follow," Then turning , again to her husband, " Oh ! Archie, 'tis the Lord's .doing, 'tis marvellous in our eyes." 1.::<-:~ In double quick time they ' stood at their son's bedside, but his ; present condition needed more fortitude and strength then even his supposed death, ?'r . .. He raved in delirium,- callingaloud for Polly and crying..out. ;fJJHjilg^dye-,1HUgró-(-e,. where are you"?<?ífJbírihg don't go Fred, don't: go:" - v .. ' .;Dr>^Cütéal.l:wa8£ speedily called, Dr. Cureall c hadvheWes- of. steel, usually; now they were .;¿-"¿gi^ie^:'aáaiiy woman's. His hands trembled in V-thei^ over unconscious Fred, who '^:v-miisV'lt8^'D^n clutched.-from a watery grave by .'; 'some miracle, a mystery at present, with death 1 /' ?hovering hear bim siill. , . . . j He' shöok;3à.is-h^ád solemnly andsaid ¡T-" With * ;'';"car6..ani¥iptttie¿óe he'.trill pull through this j but. ^ 'iet ïue .tell you this is a relapse of a former ill* : . .nes3> and ' that illness has been brain fever, I .Don't you see his head has been shaved. > By ; . whom P :. God knows j and look at him." "YOB, look'at'him," repeated Mrs. Lonfield; " poor,,poor darling, how he has suffered, and is to suffer again." She sobbed out the last words. "My dear lady," began the dootor, gently, with a nervous tremour in his voice, " you must keep up a brave heart ; he has a splendid consti tution. I will do ali I can ; he may live yet to brighten and. cheer your old age." Dr. Cureall had been sitting up the night pre- vious with Jane Cropper's child, but as life still lingered, he returned onhor«eback to Sydney, the next'morning and thought|to snatch a few hours' rest, but had scarcely Blept an hour when the hasty summons came for him to attend imme- diately Mr. Frederick Lonfield, who was lying at the Blue Boll Arms, North Shore, and scared all his drowsiness away. . Young John Cureall waa at present little more than an assistant to his father, hut he was a steady, plodding, hard-working fellow, hoping soon to gain his diploma. He was likewise am- bitious for a double, portion of his father's talents, whose mantle would ultimately fall on his. shoulders, a mantle with (which he might by-and-bye work miracles of science. So John worked hard, and was able-, to attend to minor cases when his father had business elsewhere or received accidental calls, suchas thia vory morning for instance, which had startled him and the doctor alike. Fred had been' a favourite, and it was his yacht that had led him,« ashe and everybody believed, to an untimely death with his unfortunate mates, over which calamity he had sorrowed with much sincere feeling. But now, so many weeks after, the trouble was receding-, gradually assuming less gigantic proportions in thc distance, when the wonderful report was horne to him announcing hiB rescue and present desperate fight for life, he was delirious with excitement, and yearned to look upon the dear fellow, but duties imperative prevented it. His father went, and he could only vent his overwrought sensibility in occasional gasps and ejaculations, bearing upon the resusci- tation of Fred Lonfield, to every friend he met. This was some relief to the fermentation going on within him, and communicated his effervescing spirit to all who were interested. By this means the tidings travelled from mouth to mouth-by crooked ways and byepaths it spread. Mr. Truegood being in Sydney at the time the message wag caught and sent flying through the air to Ashwood. It struck Eleanor Cottage like an electric shock. Ida Graham, who had borne up bravely through her trial of grief, was overcome in her joy. She fainted in Aunt Nelly's arms, and Ailee, the cook, nodded her head wisely at Molly and Biddy, saying, " I tould you so," the two latter evincing ever after a profound respect for Ailee and her dreams. It waa not a surprising thing that Mrs. Carp's cases of hospitality increased that afternoon by the advent of two more ladies on the scene, for CJip3y was harnessed in the phaeton and carried Ida and her aunt to Sydney at once. Mrs. Carp did her best to accommodate them. She even went BO far as to give up her own bedroom, with its four-post wooden bedstead and chinte hang- ings, for the benefit of the invalid ; bub the room was small, and she felt uncomfortably conscious that this apartment in which she took some pride and delight, was very inferior for her guests. Her over anxious solicitude for their comfort became oppressive as she walked to and fro, and the whole room trembled under her footsteps, aa if byan earthquake. " To think the likes of you Bhould be in my '"ouse," ehe repeated incessantly, OB "Im afeared your'ot," or "I'm afeared your cold." " Dear heart alive you look ill like." " Do take a sip of ? old Tom' now." " Thia 'ones aint like yourn." These were the constant changes she 'rang in poor Mra. Jjonfield's ears through the hour. This, together with the attending discomforta of want of space and improper attention, waa irritating, bu*, as Dr. Cureall said, tho sufferer might be removed with safety, the gentío lady bore itas patiently as abe did her mental anguish, and when leaving» the following day did not for- get to reward Mrs. Caip liberally for all her trouble, who, taken by surprise, could only stam- mer out her thanks. j When Ida and her aunt reached""the Blue Bell Arma they found Fred, quite composed from the effectBof a draught, and trembled with pain and fear and reverence combined as they gazed once more upon one they had mourned as dead. Tho next morning he was conveyed to hie father's house, gently travelling by easy stages. It was an undertaking, but wealth could supply alljthe necessary comforts for his accommodation, and brought him once again beneath the parental roof, unconscious, helpless, yet none the worse for his rather critical transit from North Shore to Darling Point. Ida's words then proved prophetic. She did return soon again to Heilbroun, after being at Ashwood but one day. Not only returned but re- mained there at' Mrs. Lonfield's urgent desire to instruct the servants in her absence how to make tho necessary preparations for Fred's reception, and by her own ardent wish, to help to nurse him. Aunt .Nolly waa sorely disappointed and anxious too for her niece's health, and said as much. "Never mind auntie, dear. I shall be all right, don't worry about me" Ida pleaded. " Yesterday I thought to stop athome with you. To-day how can I P "Who knows what a day may bring forth? I'm afraid he has come home to die. Wait till the crisis comes at least. Dr. Cureall says,- it cannot be very far off. Good-by dear auntie. Don't be angry with me." ". Angry ? No, I'm not angry with you, but I am worried because you are not looking well. I don't mind for myself in the least, but we must hot be selfish 5 my dear, so good bye and God bless you'and spare the poor boy to us all." . And Aunt Nelly kissed Ida affectionately and went back to Ashwood alone in the phaeton, try. ing not to feel distressed. . A gloomy time was before Ida for the next few weeks. Every sound was hushed but nature's voice-the warbling of a bird, the sighing of the wind, the buzz of insect life without, were~un changed. All within spoke in whispers, trod on ' tip toe, while Fred was lying in a darkened room, hovering between life and death. Other doctors, eminent men, were called in, but all agreed that Dr. Cureall was doing the beat that could be done for the invalid. I Mr. and Mrs. Lonfield Beldom stirred from the nick chamber, where the blinds were closely I drawn to Bhut out the light, where Ida glided I »bout noiselessly, helping to administer medi ' cine, nourishment, applying ice to the fevered I head, buoying "up the anxious parents, and only resting when night came and brought a nurse to sit by hiB couch-a practical woman, engaged for the purpose, selected by Dr. Cureall to relievo his friends. He waa watching the case with eager in- terest, but at present could hold out no hope until at length the crisis arrived. It was midnight, and he expectant of the ohange, had remained with the three others who were most anxious, and sat silently waiting for . the sequel. ; Mrs. Lonfield's eyes were rivefrted on Fred. The flush in hia face was fast fading, and left it white and cold, to all appearances like death. Hearfcaore and wearied, she buried her head low, and cried in her anguish, " Oh ! God help me, he dies., The end has come!" But the dootpr, with difficulty controlling his excitement, almost leaped out of hiB chair, and whispered, "Hush ! hush! the crisis is over, and he will live. He ÍB saved, but you must ieep him very quiet, and yourself calm. Dear Mrs. Lon- field, do be calm !" he went on, addressing the mother, who cried more in her joy than in all the time before ; nor was abe alone, Ida bad fled, and Dr. CareaU's month worked strangely aa he wit- nessed this emotion born of gladness and grati- tude, as he felt the warm clasp of the father's hand, and heard him say, in husky tonea, " God bless you, doctor !" He left them alone in their new-found happi- ness, and met Ida elsewhere. She, not knowing what to say, could only catch his hand and kisa it. " Dear child, I do not deserve thia. The poor boy is safe. He will live, but not through my efforts. I have no right to this gratitude. There is a power above me j there is efficacy in your prayers." Before Ida could reply he was gone, had lef tr the house in haste, and she guessed the reason. The doctor waa crying. (TO BB eONTTNTIKD.) 