PSYCHOLOGY. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c;, PROGRESS. Yorke's Peninsula, January 8, 1883. Sir—Your leader on supernaturalism has impressed me as most in [?] and thought-<*> ful, and as I have had personal experiences in these psychological wonders and puzzles as few can boast of, I crave for some space in your valuable paper to offer sogrgettUH". < ncouraged by your concluding remarks, Chat the testimonies of the eminent scientists you mention should elicit our interest in this problem. If the fever and rage after so called spiritual wonders has subsided, I rejoice that it has at least shifted from the market of sensational shows and trade, with its unavoid able humbugs and imposture, to the private chambers of truth- seeking philosophers and tucb investigators in general who recognise the danger of superficial research and hasty conclusions. The impostors have, I believe, played out their game, bat have done.moth good by enhancing the valne and importance of true and genuine phenomena, for if we fail to determine the practical results and merits to everybody's satisfaction, the now established basis of the reality of these marvel lous phenomena is quite a sufficient fact to challenge further study or respectful silence. The" exposers" of spiritualism who impose on the credulity of sceptics find their trade fast going at ebb'; for the tables have turned and whilst some years ago no eminent philo sopher would risk his position by publicly expressing a belief in the reality of the mysterious facts or the ability of their wit nesses, recent progresses seem to have dis armed the most stubborn sceptics, and no learned man of fame would dare to protest. lest his reputation might be in danger. If I may touch on some points in your article, let me correct the excusable mistake of placing that famous medium, Dr. Slade. in the list of impostors. The great A. K. Wallace tested the most extraordinary power of this medium to the point, and the late Professor Zallner wrote his remarkable book. "Transcendental Physic," chiefly on experiments with this eminent medium immediately after his "ac quittal." The Slade case and its hasty ac cusers will be duly judged by after genera tions. 'When in the trial the "conjurors' had had their full play to bewilder public opinion. then eminent witnesses, among them A. R. Wallace, stepped forward, and the judge's (Mr. Flower's) sentence was about to the following effect:—"The testimonies in your favor are overwhelming, bat neverthe less I must condemn you on the ground of a clause in the law which forbids taking money for diverse subtle powers, Ac.;" thus an old clause (under King James) had to help out of the "mess." and it seems every law will have its *" bite" once more before laid by. Soon after, another powerful medium, dr. Monck, was "trapped" in Huddersfield, and the sentence there virtually was,'"A clear.proof cf deception cannot be. given, but we must follow the lead in Bow-street Slade case,*' &c.; Surely these proceedings strongly remind one of Pontius Pilate when he washed has hands. The slate- writing defies all theories of trickery when the double-folded and well dosed slate is brought by the investigator and not touched by the medinm. and writing is still fourd inside. One of tim most powerful tests in this line was receivedby A. li. Wallace at my private seance. He came with his doable-folded slate, which never hie hands. After showing the clean slates he secured them by binding them dose together, and then put the question—"Hoc many persons are in this (my) room 7" and instead of the simple number seres, tie reply was written inside, " Four gentlemen and three ladies." Bat the crowning test had to come. In the second experiment he was requested by the medium to wish a par ticular word to be written by the invisible agency, which succeeded under the same crucial conditions. He published this plain fact in the London Spectator. The obstacle to progress is the uncertainty of these?xperiments in comparison with those on the physical plane. The conditions are still so mysterious that even a repetition cannot be granted, although apparently the same advantages may tend to make ope expect a similar result. It is, vaguely speaking, somewhat like experimenting with clouds bryondoor control. Manifestations violently disturbed by fanatical sceptics often expose traces of fraud, if superficially viewed, whilst patient waiting develops results which silence the most sanguine unbeliever*. Table-moving wiH not convince absolutely, as long a* tike bands are in contact with the table, but if heavy bodies float suspended, sad more ac cording to expressed desire, there begins the perplexity. Semi-spiritual phenomena divide sceptics and believers into eqaal mnnbere, but if the s further develop ment of t>e mysterious force defies human aid and knowledge 4V physical laws tbrn we stand Aghast. I may liken these different phases of pswer to Che Might of a big bird. It cancot rise at once, bnt has to run, until the wings get the better of it and lift it from the ground. Likewise grand manifestation*, even the stupendous ma terialisation of spirit, often begin with a kind of "muddle," taxing the patience of sharp observers to the quick. I have witnessed these materialisations or embodiments of spirits in all phases, from partial appearances to the most beautiful angelic forms. Usually the medium has to sit apart from the circles, in a kind of cabinet, to concentrate " power." This necessity hangs of course on the imagination of sceptics, even if the medium is "secured" by fetters of the most intricate kind. I had the rare opportunity of witnessing these " forma tions" of human beings without cabinet, a whitish cloud gradually shaping into a living firure before our eyes end m a good light. The Rev. Mr. Colley, now dean at Natal, witnessed and publicly testified to these phe nomena, which transpired in my room, and under conditions which make the idea of. col- lusion simply absurd. I obtained proofs of the reality and temporary solidity of these "forms" by receiving moulds of the hands and feet of them by placing a vessel with liquid (melted) paraffin in the room. The casts show the skin lines and markings as of living beings, but entirely different from any hand or foot of persons in the room. Trickery is here out of the question, since these results cannot be imitated, even were the circle com posed of conjurors. How carefully I act to work to test these marvels I may illustrate by describing how I obtained so-called spirit photos. After informing myself of about six different methods to produce them by fraud, I resolved to cut off the last chance of decep tion: bought a camera and book of instruction, and placed, after enabling myself to produce tolerable photos, my private circle (four nwmben) in my room, allowed nobody even to touch the camera or plate, and manipulated strictly myself through all experiments. I got seven times the same form on the plate which I had seen over and over again In my private materialisation seances. The tremendous results which subsequently re warded the most critical investigators up to the present time leave an explanation of illu sion or deception only in the~heads of such prejudiced sceptics as cannot recognise- the testimony of able men, or are incurable vic tims of modern materialism, against which monster, with its outgrowths revolutionism and Nihilism, these signs lift their voice. Several years ago the Dialectical Society in London resolved to crush the dangerous de lation, not by abuse, but by crucial investiga t ions, bat their published report honestly con firmed the reality of these phenomena and stirred the whole scientific world. To me the most important feature in these bewilder-.' ing facts is their harmony with the Scrip tures. Besides these physical marvels, in cluding the gift of healing by laving on of hands, the intellectual proofs, as clairvoyance, thoughtreading,trance-speaking(in some cases in languages totally unknown -by the medium), &c;, engage our wonder and attention. In I. Corinthians, chajiter ib., St. Paul says— "Of spiritual pffts I would not have you ignorant." and he enlarges on the several phases of mediumship, now everywhere con firmed and exercised. At a recent church con gma in England distinguished clergymen spoke strongly in favor of spiritualism , which was by one considered as coming to the rescue of Christianity, which rested on the belief in miracles. The Londoa Dotty Telegraph pubUfiied for several months let ters on " Truth about ghosts," and the con cluding leader frankly admitted the tosing groundrf<twpticigm,m?pise<rfammpro?s cases of imagina>H>iiw!ftiin?adcnces. There are many instances of rapport between suddenly dying persons and relatives or friends resting on reports which command attention by their complexity ?f circumstances ruling" airy at tempt of coincident out of court. Taeisur* prising discoveries of electric telegraphy and i he telephone and optical communication help us to explain these mysteries of apparitions on rational grounds, If we accept the possi bility of invisible connections between spirits in and out of the body, set free, as it were, by violent catastrophes. The phenomena ran through the scale from the trivial and repulsive up to the sublime, and it would he unfair to judge only from one link in the chain. Still, the trashy and vtrlgar manifes. tatlons maintain the majority : and adding t? this the conduct of many medjoms it is no wonder that the cry of sensational delight should tore into the reaction of sheer disgust, and terrify those persons who judge more by feeling and taste than by. unbiassed reason. A medium is the passive instalment of in visible occult powers, and by constant "controls" looses its own "self" if not carefully guarded (like the mediums of, the old Grecian, oracles), aad presents often a pitiable sight of moral xomfsiaa. Itiey are ?b&Ua;?k leaves QBwhkh:£aad.?r evil ponez&may; write, according to rfi^nn* My firm opinion is that we are surxaunded md. like &*fcikk;shaast:i*t>.a assist *?£ Field*arflSpl'ig $4M)T'?£ p^e y^tfK. If thus, wf*HT**<iyrw persons oan net *"- B?efC£d.a^'iliterf£ta|>rlth in the daily c£uaW of-" Hfe, its we may fairly oou-: clude, by these occult forces, the attention of every progressive intellect should be challenged out of indifference in this grand movement of psychological research The common sayings, "Who put this into my head?" or "What made me do it?" or the protests of Criminals on the scaffold, gain a new light; and the cry for a reform in lunacy laws is already raised in London, and sop ported by students in psychology. If we take into consideration how many thousand* have by these miraculous facts been made to re- turn from a bestial life to sober conduct, the progress in these " revelations" may herald an era for glorious accomplishments, socially and religiously.- 