KILLING NO MURDER. TO THB EDITOR. ' Silt—The elaborate defence of the defendant in the case of Customs versus Young, and the so-called judgment of" Judge Boucaut, have quite cased my mind. I used to fancy I was a great smuggler in a small way, and in moments of serious reflection my conscience has often made me tremble lest in some future state 1 should be asked if I had ever done any one out. of his just dues, and when I should boldly answer " No I" the ghost of a Collector of Customs might rise and shake its little finger at me and then, instead of skipping away rojoicing amongst the innocent lambs I should be bundled off to baah amongst the goats. But I feel quite contented now and am surprised to find that 1 am one of the elect. Judge Boucaut says 60 and the Itcytiter agrees. The fact is, that, often on my return from visits to_J&e.; neighboring oolonies, I hare, brought lots of. new made clothes and my friends, when, not overburdened with luggage of their own, have : brought them for me, for I found it very convenient to have the measures of myself and family, in Melbourne, so as to get the freshest materials m&de; up in the latest fashion. . When £Bked by 'the. ; Customs Officer if we had anything dutiable • our. invariable reply was " Only wearing apparel and personal effects, and Mr. C. O. was careful to give no further, trouble to an M. P., J.P., and Gentleman. We thought we were doing a very clever thing,—that we were cuiiningly doing the Custopis out of the duties—Poor simple fools that we were ! It is now plain that we were doing nothing of the kind; Judge Boucaut says so, and the JRegister proves him right. How it might have gone with UB if we had been Commercial traveller?, watchmakers, or common captains of ships, not to mention any lower, class of people, I can't say, but evidently, as Gentlemen we were quite immaculate. Yet it is very disheartening to be disillusioned in this legal manner after flattering one's self so long on one's abilities; and 1 am almost inclined to swear that 1 will never try to cheat anyone again. Now, it's only, just lately that having done the " grand tour," I returned form Europe with heaps of luggage—containing lots of ladies' wigs, improvers and whatnots—v 7 hich, as usual, I described as only wearing apparel and personal effects —and my female friends and 1 had quite a good time chuckling with delight at the idea that we had done the government out of 5 or 10 per cent, duty, and we arc now all very much disgusted at finding the fond illusion dispelled. All my cleverness has turned out to be useless as proved by Dr. Smith with his cited cases of abduction and safety lamps, and by the Register, who even led u f : \igeDog into the dispute, to prove there was no fraud. My smuggling exploits were the only little bits of romance of my life, and now to find that I have never been a hero even in that small way makes me feel quite dejected. I am not quite sure, however, what the real law may be on the subject, for that last case was evidently got up so as to break down, and if I wei e caught there mightbe qualifying circumstances, and a judge and a newspaper might not back me up. Yours &c;,, SCIENTEU. 