LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. PUBLISHED DAILY. SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1883. WE have been indebted for a good many provisions in our mining legislation to the mining laws in Victoria, where this industry is of older date and far more widespread importance, though practically it is confined to gold mining. Our own gold mining laws are not above the sus- picion of being open to improvement, and when we find amendments and alterations suggested by practical men in the Victo- rian legislation it is quite possible a hint may be taken from them for our own benefit. A few days ago a deputation from the Victorian Amalgamated Miners' Association waited upon the Minister of Mines (Mr. Levion) and presented amongst other matters the resolutions adopted at the annual conference held at Stawell in October last, the principal of which were as follow :— That the Minister of Mines be requested to appoint additional Inspectors of Mines ; said inspectors to be practical miners ; to have limited districts, and to devote the whole of their time to the Inspection of mines under their charge; to visit same periodically, but at uncertain dates and hours. That the Minister of Mines be also requested to appoint practical engineers to inspect all machinery in connection with mining. That the Government be requested to bring in a bill prohibiting the use of lithofracteur, dynamite, nitro-glycerine, or any other ex- plosive underground, that is injurious to the persons using them. That the attention of the Minister of Mines be called to the neglect of companies in regard to the proper ventilation of mines. That the Minister of Mines be requested to insert a clause in the Regulation and Inspection of Mines Statute compelling companies to have proper coverings over brace and puddling machines to protect enployes from the in- clemency of the weather. That the Minister of Mines be requested to take immediate steps to pass into law a mining on private property bill of such a character as will enable the miner to utilise on equitable terms the various lands of the colony deemed auriferous. That the Minister of Mines be requested to enforce the labour covenants of mining leases in all cases. That the Government be requested to bring in a bill for the legalisation of Trades Unions. That this conference protests against any further alienation of Crown lands. That the Minister of Mines he requested to insist upon a liberal labour basis in connection with all leases. That the areas of mining leases be reduced. That the Minister of Mines be requested to enforce the adoption of auniform code of signals throughout the colony In connection with mining. That in cases of enquiry on mining accidents, one-half the jurymen to be miners; employes at the mine where the accident occurred not to be allowed to act on the jury. That the Government be requested to appoint courts of appeal in mining cases in each mining centre, so that the cost of mining law reduced. That the Government be requested to bring to in a bill making miners' wages the first lien on machinery. That the Minister of Mines be recommended to obtain a diamond drill of not less than 12 inches diameter, to be plaeod at the disposal of mining companies for the purpose of boring one or more holes for the better ventilation of the mine. Any company whose mine, in the opinion of the Inspector, is not sufficiently ventilated, to be compelled to put down sufficient bores within the area of their claims so or lease to properly ventilate the workings of their mine. Several amondments were also sug- gested in the Regulation and Inspection of. Mines Statute, namely that alterations should be made whereby the words " whinm" and " windlass" should be in- cluded in the interpretation of the word " machinery," whereby at least an hour, and not half an hour, should elapse after a charge has missed fire before anyone is allowed to touch it, and whereby danger lines shall be hung in every winding shaft, covers of not less than half an inch in thickness attached to each cage on an in- clined plane, and brakes attached to all spider shafts of winding engines. In connection with the flooding of mines, the suggested amendment was almost identical with the rider of the jury on the Oreswick disaster, namely :--"That in ail mines where there is a danger of flooding by an excess of water, a drive shall be put in from the shaft above the main levels and connected with the same by a jump-up, thus answering two useful purposes-security and ventilation." Other alterations required were that the names of the informants to In- spectors should in no case be divulged; 'that mining managers should be held guilty of a breach of the law if they omitted to give information of an accident, whether they were wilfully silent or not; that every Company should have a registered mining manager; and that "at every shaft where steam machinery is used, catches or tumblers similar to those used on the brace shall be fixed by the Company at the surface, to rest the cages on, and also that self-acting catches he placed between brace and poppet heads to hold the cage in case of over- winding." Of course the difference be- tween circumstances in Victoria and in Tasmania renders some of these recom- mendations useless here, and others re- late to an advanced stage in mining to which we are only approaching, but there are some points of which our legislators might make a memorandum for future use. One is the advisableness of making liberal labour regulations, but insisting that those regulations shall be enforced in all cases. At present there is too much " shepherding " in connection with mini'ng in this colony, particularly with regard to tin. As long as the rent is paid the Government never trouble themselves whether the land is being worked or not. We have only to instance the mineral leases existing when the Beaconsfield gold field was discovered as an example of the injustice that may arise from this system, and if we are not greatly mistaken a large area at Mount Ramsay, containing bis math and some of the coal deposits in the Fingal district and elsewhere, have for years past been held for speculative pur- poses in much the same way. As respects the use of dynamite and similar explosives, the Minister of Mines stated.thlat the Government could not interfere, and that nitro-glycerine cod. pounds were used all over the world, but that an appliance had been brought under the notice of the department which would, it was said, effectually carry all the noxious fumes arising from their use to the surface. With reference to the sub ject of improving the ventilation of mines he stated his attention had been directed to a drill manufactured in Germany which was capable of boring a hole 18in. in diameter, and he had directed that fur- ther inquiries should be made regarding it. The want of a Mining on Private Property Bill had done more than any- thing else to strangle mining, and he thought that some measures should be introduced which would in some degree recognise the rights of the property owner. If those rights were not con- ceded, he was sure that the bill would never pass through Parliament, and if the mining community could not obtain all they desired they must be content with the most that could be secured for them. The Governiment would submit a measure on the subject to Parliament which would be favourable to mining generally. While on this subject we may ask, what are the Government doing with regard to providing of plans of under-ground work ing of mining companies as required by. the Regulationt of Minoes Act? Though that measure was passed in 1881 no attempt was made to enforcethis provi- sion till the beginning of the current year, wlhen notices were sent to some thirty companies requiring them to fur nish certified plans on a uniform scale. Little heed was paid to the request, and a threat of prosecution was made, which caused a languid kind of interest to be evinced by some of the companies con cerned. At the present time, however, about half a dozen companies only have complied with the demand made by the Inspector of Mines under instructions from the Minister of Lands, and the remaining 24 companies have practically treated the matter with contempt, yet no move has been made by the Government to enforce the authority of their officer. If oneo these plans are supplied, it is an easy matter to keep them up annually. The difficulty is always in new legislation to get ' start made. If the Government do not new mean to enforce compliance with the Act, they are behaving unfairly to the half dozen companies that hiave obeyed the law, and are encouraging passive resist ance to regulations issued by the Insptetor of Mines by the immunity granted to offenders in the present instance. More over the minority who have gone to the expense and trouble of complying with the regulations will not be so'ready to do so another time, when they find they might have disregarded them with im punity, and saved their money. It would be far better for the Government to leave the matter alone altogether than take it up in this halfheoarted manner, and end by practically accomplilshing notling but laying themselves open to derision. MR. CHARLES E. WALCH, the ener- getic superintendent of the Sunday-school in connection with the Congregational Church, in Davey-street, Hobart, of which the Rev. George Clarke is the minister, has just put forth a vigorous little pamphlet on some of the defects of the present system of Sunday-school teaching. The subject is one of so much public importance, and Mr. Walch's treatment of. it is so broad aud liberal, that we are sure our readers will not think any apology necessary, if in our remarks we stop somewhat out of the usual track of a..aily newspaper. Much hal been .writteii in praise of Sunday-schools, and not a little in depreciation of them. By some they are condemned as a device for enabling indolent and careless parents to shirk the duty of home religious instruc- tion; and they are secoffed at by others as a type of all that is feeble-minded and inane. But friend and foe alike must admit that'thsey exercise an important in- fluence in the training of the young. Taking their rise in an age when the edu- cation of the poor was utterly neglected, and originally intended as" a means for rescuing the lowest cl?sses of children from debasing savagery and ignorance, these schools have tra- velled far from the idea of their founder, Robert Raikes, a century ago. Tihe work that he designed them for has since been taken up and more thoroughly and systematically carried on by ragged schools and other kindred institutions. As primary education has been carried *step by step to the lower grades of society, Sunday-schools have gradually abandoned the secular side of their teaching to the various elementary schools which have sprung up every- where in the new zeal for the education of the masses. They have finally become the chief agency of thle various churches in the distinctively religious training of their own younger members, as well as a missionary agency for conveying religious knowledge to the more neglected chil- dren of the poor. Dependent as these schools are on the gratuitous labours of volunteer teachers-generally wholly untrained, and often very imperfectly educated-it is no wonder that they lag sadly behind the age. The enormous improvement which has taken place in the methods 'of secular schools has hardly reached those held on the first day of the week, and a narrow and conservative spirit is often found ready to denounce as sacrilegious any interference with effete ° but time-honoured custom. Common sense too frequently stands outside the door of the Sunday-school, as it used to stand in former days outside the door of the day school, and the result is that much of the golden opportunity for training up the young in a liberal, manly, and practical Christianity is irre- trievably lost. For when all is said the fact remains that for a large proportion of children, especially of the humbler classes nearly all the religious teaching they receive is what they obtain at the Sunday school. Mr. Walch's pamphlet is as much an eloquent statement of the importance of the institution, as a trenchant criticism of its defective methods. It is an able plea for common sense on the Sunday. Mr. Walch speaks with the authority of an experience of 21 years as superinten dent of a school which owes in no small degree to his zeal and ability the honour- able success it has won for itself. When, therefore, he boldly challenges the whole scheme of customary teaching, his re- marks deserve careful attention. He takes as his text the well-known series of scripture lessons issued by the London Sunday-school Union. A considerable portion of these lessons, taken from the Old Testament, Mr. Walch emphatically condemns as wholly unsuitable for the instruction of children. His words are strong, and will doubtless shock many good people, who are apt to consider that anything from the Bible must be edifying to a child, bait he makes outa case which his opponents will find it hard to answer. He asks what good end can be served in expending the one precious hour in the week available for direct teaching in religious matters to explaining the details of the Mosaic law, or expounding the penitential psalms, or recounting many of the stories of the obscure old Hebrew history with its rudimentary, half-barbarous, and often doubtful morality. He speaks of Elijah's slaughter of the prophets of Baal, and of the story of the glorification of Jael, " for an act of treachery which shocks even the low morality of the wandering Arab," and not a few others, as only confusing and hurtful to a child's notions of right, and then he boldly appeals to the example of the great founder of Christianity, who reserved discussions on the Old Testament scriptures for the learned, but in His teaching for thle poor and uninstructed took His lessons from the birds and the flowers, and from the daily human life ariund Him. Arguing from this example Mr. Walch would have our Sunday schools turn their attention from the old Hebrew history, and teach the children from the examples of Christian life and history in our own days, in the lives of the benefactors of man kind, missionaries, martyrs, and Christian heroes, the Howards, Florence Nightin- gales, Sister Doras, Bishop Pattesons, Commodore Goodenoughs, in whom the spirit of Christianity lived, and who can be recognised by the children as men and women of like feelings and passions with themselves ; not like Noah and David and Elijah, misty figures moving amid alien and incomprehensible scenes, and appearing to the child mind as mere ghosts and shadows belonging to another sphere which has no relation to the living world of to-day. We are unable in the small space at our command to do jestice to Mr. Walch's argument, but this much at least is beyond. question, that if the Sunday school is to retain-its place as an effective institution it must learn to lay aside effete and traditional methods, to make its lessons practical, and adapt itself to the urgent needs of the present day. MINISTERIAL.—The hons. the Premier and Minister of Lands met with an acci- dent yesterday morning, the polo of their buggy breaking when leaving Scottsdale. Another vehicle was procured, and the Ministers hoped to reach Launceston last evening, but up to a late hour there was no sign of them. They had intended to attend at the Public Buildings this fore- noon to transact public business, but owing to the delay in their plans it is doubtful if they will be able to carry out this programme. LAUNCESTON MUSICAL UNION. — The fourth subscription concert of the season will be given by the Musical Union on Wednesday next, when the opera of "The Bohemian Girl" will be produced. CORNWALL INSURANCE COMPANY.—The special meeting of sharellolders in the Cornwall Fire and Marine Insurance Company, announced to take place yester- day, was adjourned to the 18th May. THE CATAPULT NUISeaoE.-Tho corres- pondent whose commuinication with refer- ence'to the damage perpetrated by cata- pults to the windows of the Patterson- street Wesloyan Church appeared in last issue, informs us that the Superintendent of Police was interviewed by one of the gentlemen who laid the charge against the three lads caught in the act, and hence the writer's surprise that nothing further has been done. VICTORIAN DIVORCE CASES.—At the Divorce Court, Melbourne, on 16th inst., Mary Phillips, who was married in Tas- mania at an early age, sought for a divorce from her husband. Ho had deserted her in Victoria, and had married another woman, and had been convicted of bigamy. The decree for dissolution of marriage was granted. In the suit of Tankard v. Tankard-a suit by Margaret Tankard for judicial separation from her husband, John Tankard, on the ground of cruelty- there was no appearance on behalf of the respondent. It appeared that the parties were married at Grafton, New South Wales, in 1865, and after- wards came to Victoria, where the re- spondent has kept the Temperance Hotel, in Melbourne. For years lie had treated the petitioner very cruelly, and last year she had been obliged to leave him. The court granted the decree for judicial separation, leaving the matter of per- potual alimony to be dealt with in chambers before tlhqdocreo was executed. RECEIVED. - Walch's Literary Intelli- gencer for April is to hand, and besides the usual catalogue of music, books, and novelties, contains an amusing sketch entitled " Fraudent Friends." THE INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. - We notice that the Ladies' Grammar School, Launceston, shows out well in the prize- list of the recent Industrial Exhibition at Hobart, and Mrs. Wm. Race Allison's pupils have done her credit. The exhibits of drawing, writing, and needlework sent by ten young ladies from this school secured no less than five silver medals and four certificates of merit. LAFILLEDU TA\BnoULMAJOR.-Another excellent audience assembled at the Me- chanics' Institute last evening, when Offenbach's spectacular opera, " La Fille De Tambour lMajor," was performed for the fourth time in Launceston. The opera went with groat spirit from start to finish, and the applause bestowed by the audience was lavish all through. "Tam- bour Major" will be represented for the last time to-night, and on Monday the energetic lessee and manager, DMr. Duncan Macallum, takes a benefit, when the bur- lesque opera " Billoe Taylor " will be pre- sented for the first occasion in Laun- ceston. A RETURNED TASMANIAN.—The St. Arnaud Times of the 13th inst. gives the following account of a presentation to Mr. G. Harrison, old Tasmanian, who has been absent from his native country for a number of years :— " The members of the St. Arnaud brass band and a few friends met on Wednesday, at Mr. Geo. Harrison's residence, for the purpose of making that gentleman a presentation on the occasion of his leaving St. Arnaud. The gift, which was in the form of a very handsome gold Albert chain was handed over with the usual accompaniments of short speeches, acknowledging Mr. Harrison's many and valuable services to the band, of which he was the honorary preceptor and leader for about eight years." The Times states that Mr. Harrison will be much missed in St. Arnaud, as he has always taken an active interest in public movements, and was ever ready to give his time and talents towards them. Mr. Harrison's last public appearance in St. Arnaud was on the occasion of the Hos- pital demonstration there. He comes to Launceston to fill a responsible position in Mr. J. Bidencope's branch tailoring establishment, Charles-street. THE EPPING RELIEF FUND. — The Treasurer at Launceston, MIr. Thos. Glad- man, acknowledges the receipt to date of £262 3s 3d, and the Warden of Campbell Town, F. Hart, Esq., the sum of £41 38 collected by that branch. Subscription lists liave been opened at Cressy and Perth. —On Tuesday evening last a meeting was held in the Council Chambers, Evandale, for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken to express sympathy for the widows and families of the victims at Epping. A com- mittee was appointed to carry out arrangements for collecting subscriptions. Of this committee Mr. D. Collins was ap- pointed chairman, Captain Ferguson secretary, and Rev. J. Russell treasurer. Subscription lists were distributed among members of the committee, and two working men volunteered to devote a week to collecting. Mr. D. M'Kinnon sent a letter apologising for his absence, and enclosing a cheque for £5. CALCUTTA INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. —Mr. T. C. Just received yesterday a letter from M. Jules Joubert, the Executive Commissioner for the Indian Government in connection with the forth- coming Calcutta International Exhibition, some passages of which are of public im- portance. M. Joubort says:—" It is right for your Government to secure a representation in Calcutta. Of all the colonies Tasmania has a vital interest in cultivating the Indian trade . . . . Your tweed makers should send speci- mens of cloth, very light, suitable for hot climates send, also, soap and sperm candles, cereals, vegetables, fruits, jams, biscuits, preserved meats ; indeed, every thing in the shape of 'food' will be ac- ceptable in a country with 300,000,000 inhabitants, where rice, and rice only, grows to perfection. Mining and metal- lurgy will be very good also; but where the money is 'food,' tweeds, soap, candles, cheese, dairy produce, such as good tinned butter, jams, preserves, and biscuits are in highest demand. Let the exhibitors of those send, not only samples to look at,but nice boxes of, say, from one to two dozen assorted tins especially well got up, with striking labels, so that when the people have tasted the things in the court, they can buy, and take away into the country a box or two with them. This will create a demand and open up the trade. India is our market if we only knew how to work it. All the exhibitors who will coma to Calcutta and 'do the thing right,' will make money, and plenty of it, besides opening up a trade . . . The New South Wales Government are going to invite the other colonies to join in the charter of a special steamer to take exhibits and representatives in Septem- ber. This will materially decrease the general outlay, and it is well worthl your consideration. . . . If you would arrange in December and January to get regular supply of freshfruits (Englishfruit sent to Calcutta by every P. and 0. mail) they would sell at so much a 'carat,' like precious gems ! I fancy it could be done easily. We had fruit sent from here to Paris in 1878. Fresh potatoes would be a very good line indeed, and, I am told, that if picked and laid in boxes with lime, or dry sand, or pulverized charcoal, they will neither germinate nor ferment. A few good horses and milch cows, in calf, landed before the cattle show on New Year's Day, will bring prices which will astonish you." BEACONSFIELD RACES.—The first racing meet over held at Beaconsfield takes place on 24th May, the course being be- tween the township and Bowen 's Jetty. There are six events advertised, and nominations will be received by the Sec- retary up to 10th May. THE PASSOVER.—The Jewish festival of the Passover commenced at 6 p.m. to day, and though originally fixed to last eight days, in commemoration of the exodus of the children of Israel from their Euyptian bondage, is now confined to two days, closing at 0 p.m. on Monday next. ECLIPSE OF TUB MooN.-There will be a partial eclipse of the moon to-morrow (Sunday) evening, but of very small magnitude, the moon being merely notched to about one-twelfth of its diameter. The first contact with shadow will occur at 811. 52m. p.m., middle of eclipse at h.1, 27m. 32s, and last contact with shadow at 1011. 3m. p.m. RELIIoUs.--Tho Rev. J. G. Millard will preach at the Patterson-street Weo. loyan Church to-morrow morning and evening. At the Margaret-street Church Mr. Chessell will preach in the morning, and Mr. W. Kirkwood in the evening.— Pastor IIiddlostono will preach at the Mission Church to-morrow morning and evening.-Theo Rev. T. 'Nichols will preach at the Primnitive Methodist Church to-morrow morning and evening.—At the Bracknoll Primitive Methodist Church Mr. John Long and friends will give a sacred concert on Tuesday next. CrrALMERS CincrrII.-Tho anniversary in connection with Chalmers Free Church took place last evening in the school-room, which was tastefully decorated with flags, flowers, and evergreoons. About300 people sat down to tea, which was provided by Mr. G. 13. Dean and ladies of the congre- gation. After tea, a public meeting was hold, when addresses were delivered by the Rovs. Jas. Lindsay (chairman), J. G. Millard, C. Anthony, Mirams, and Lyle; and Pastors White and Mar- shall. Selections were rendered by the choir, under the leadership of Mr. John ston, and Miss Thompson sang the solo, "Tired." The room was crowded to excess, but all appeared to have spent a very enjoyable evening. THE NEW BISIIOP OF TASMANIA.— The Ven. Archdeacon Hales has favoured us with the following :—" I forward the following extract of a letter from the Rev. Dr. Sandford, received by the last mail :—'No final step has been taken. The approval having now, however, been received, the Archbishop and dele- gation will now execute a deeood of election and appointment as empowered. I have begged them tofeolquiteat liberty to make another choice now if they think well. If it is finally decided that I go out I shall sail by the Orient in July. The letters referred to are mine to the Arch- bishop, containing all the documents necessary to enable the Archbishop to act at the proper time. I may add that the statement I made to you some time ago saying that all which had been done was contrary to Synod law, ard absolutely invalid, is correct." THE NEW MARRIED WOMEN'S PRO- PERTY ACT.—In a case of larceny at the Police Court yesterday the hon. B. Miller incidentally mentioned the fact that under the newly enacted Married Women's Property Act (40 Vict., section 10, No. 17) a married woman could sue her hus- band for the protection and security of her own separate property. The section in question roads as follows:—"Every woman, whether married before or after this act, shall have in her own name against all persons whomsoever, including iher husband, the same civil remedies, and also (subject as regards her husband to the proviso hereinafter contained) the same remedies and redress by way of criminal proceedings for the protection and security of her own separate pro perty, as if such property belonged to her as a feme sole, but, except as afore said, no husband or wife shall be entitled to sue the other for a tort, provided always that no criminal proceedings shall be taken by any wife against her husband by virtue of this act, while they are living together as to or concerning any property claimed by liher, nor while they are living apart as to or concerning any act done by the husband while they were living to- gether concerning property claimed by the wife, unless such property shall have been wrongfully taken by the husband when leaving or deserting or about to leave or desert his wife. In any civil or criminal proceeding under this section it shall be sufficient to allege such property to be her property, and in any proceeding under this section a husband or wife shall be competent to give evidence against each other, any law or rule either of law or of practice to the contrary not withstanding. OPIUM TRADE.—At a meeting of the Legislative Council of Singapore, on 28th February, one of the non-official members. Mr. Read, asked the Governor, Sir F. A. Weld, how long the Order in Council of 5th February, prohibiting the exportation of opium to Netherlands, India, or the Malay Peninsula, would continue in force. His Excellency replied that he had passed the order with very great reluctance, as he did not wish to interfere with trade, but it was necessary to take a very firm stand in the interests not only of the revenue, but of peace and good government. A conspiracy, a ring was in existence as bad as any New York ring, and they sought to gain their ends by intimidation. The Government had been compelled to adopt very strong measures, even to deporting some of the conspira- tors; and as the authorities gained the upper hand the order would be gradually relaxed. SURRENDER VALUE OF POLICIES.—The Insurance and Banking Record says :—A striking instance has just occurred in the office of the Australasian Widows' Fund Society, showing the practical usefulness of the arrangement by which a life as- surance policy is kept in force, and of its surrender value in the event of the non- payment of the premiums by the policy holders. J.R. took out a policy for £200 in February, 1872, and paid his premiums regularly until February, 1880. He committed suicide last month, and although no premiums had been paid for three years, the policy was maintained in full force and effect out of the surrender value and bonus, and thie society has in- timated its intention to pay the amount of the claim as soon as the necessary forms have been complied with. The person who has charge of the orphan children of the deceased wrote to the office of the Society, inquiring whether the premiums had been paid, presuming that otherwise the policy had lapsed ; and he was therefore quite unprepared for the good news he received in reply to his en- quiry. ROB ROY.—Mr. Millar, of the Dunrdee Advertiser, has finished his " History of Rob Roy." He has made use in it of many of the documents and letters in the col. lections of the Duke of Argyll, the Duke of Montrose, the Duke of Athole, and Sir Robert Menzies. Many mythical stories which have long been in circula- tion regarding Rob Roy have been dis- carded, and the incidents in his career are for the first time placed in proper chrono- logical order. The part which he played in the Jacobite Rebellion in1715 is care- fully explained. THE annual meeting of the Longford branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society will be held on Tuesday next, when a deputation from the Cornwall Auxiliary Society will attend. MR. W. G. COSTAIN notifies that he has pur- chased the stock and good- will of the premises in Brisbane-street recently opened by Mr. Fitzsimons. WE have been requested by Mr. W. T. Bell, auctioneer, to call special attention to the sale of the Brisbane Hotel, advertised to take place at his mart, on Monday next, at 3 o'clock. This splendid property has a well-deserved reputa- tion throughout Australia, and affords a rare opportunity to capitalists desirous of obtaining premises which, from their position, are admir ably suited for the transaction of any business. FOOTBALL.—A scratch match will be played by the members of the Launceston Football Club on the Cornwall Cricket Ground, to com- mence at 2.30 p.m. between the following teams :---Cate, B. Archer, W. Birchall, Cowper, Ellis, Harper, Lokln, Manfisld (2), lEseohern, Reynolds, Smith, Stewart, Pearson, Thomas, Turner, R. Ritehio, Lucs, Austin, E. Archeor, o- Binney, Bennett, Castley, Collins, Hutchinson, J. Mansfield, Mnurphy, O. R. Bain, II. Powell, ( Reynolds, Smith, L. Sams. Spotswood, IB Crawford.-Tho City Football 0lub will play a matah against all comers, on the club's ground, Western Swamp, this afternoon, game com- mencing at 2.30 sharp. MUMM'S CHAMPAGNE, quarts and pints, dry or sweet, specially recommended to invalids, to be had from all wine and spirit merchants and hotels. Dalgety, Moore, and Co., agents — ADVT.) 