MANSFIELD. " (FROM? noU OWN CORltREsPONENT.) It A court of General Stssions wias held n here on Friday last. The case which Ih excitei thu mhust interest was the trial of I Cnrtles W. Beattie, for houlsehnle'tkg, i Ig Which I rferored to in former enrrespon- f dence. The court was crowded, and r Clinhle's"arqunittal causrd ucneral satis- 1 facition, for he is an ihlrnstrions fellow. v an.l has always borne a good character. T. L. and C. Hughes v "Chips," i ended, as everyone expeeled, in the 1t defeat, of the antter, so the man who 1' deblared in his " Rug" that he owed t Hughes' no money, admitted in court that hle did, and IHughes got a verdict ( for £15 13s 51, with court expenses. ' No other cases w?ile ulliciontly interest. I inkg to report. A very fint, tit: ?f lsheep from the r Mount Ilrtt.ry st:ai,,l pas:se.I through f here yesterday on their way to cfelbourna, and I-eing large framed and in sp endid condition, they will, no doubt, realise a I handsome pr;ce it the n,,rket. A man lying itt his Ibnk in a but on the Devil's Ltver, one afternoon Intely, was horrilied to perceive a large black snake swinging froin the tiebeam right t over his head, and pr.lrratring to descend on the top of himn. lie didl not watt for the result, but manle a boit of it for I an hour or two. ()n his return no trace of the reptile coull ie discoveredr, hut the man would not chance a repetition of its via t, so Ihe took up his hwag anid walked. A meeting was held at the Woodfiell hotel, near Dor!, last week, for the f purpior e of forIing a go'd riining coin any to work a claim on the ground lately applied for by 311 Moth.r vell. As 'thereihas been a lot of go:ld found at tihe head of Brankeet Clekcl, a number of parties ougllht to start pro:pecting in that locality, so aF thoroughly to test its 1 value as a gold fill. There is talk of erecting a Roman o Catholic Church at Dooin it the one thing can be found ill sutlicient quanti- ties, that is, the cash, and .1 have no doubt that it can be collected, for the pleople in this district are .fond of sub, : ( seciibirg to churches. tea.fiaghts, banquesl,l preseintatin chroIIImetes, and so forth, ri I.do t ot know whether ', Ohits" would ] he presented with anything nice if he were lenving t.he dist'iet, but I feel cer" tain I would get raothing. The DIoon folks have sent a challenge to.tiho nlansfieldere (is tlhat the coriect expression) to a trial of skill wiith- the rifle. The maintch is fixed for the Queen's Birthday, and only Enfisilh, rifles to ibe used. But the Donn peoule wish the people Lere to play it in, tl.eir towrnship, which our lot object to. So the match niay.not couer c' aflter all. SA poor unforulnate watchlmaker, Bnarrett by .iIine, who ]lin blien ailing for a considerab lle ime, dlied in our ilocl.I hospital on ?ir dn'resiy, the 265h inst. he was narefully nured byv a few Irind friends bt, his disi i se; which appeared to lbe con rsumltion, paired giround with frightful ailpidity till at length a sue ceslion of conevulsircns earli d lilnl off. A miri rist iior p'inip, wtiillh _i g" over 8 pounds, is ant view at N1r P. DV. WVnalk,,r's, sltorekepar, of this township. nal vol( exAlllTrai people gr'?w EuIch Vegetialb. i?ecciniii ns nis tl7nt .. . A youiiilg lady 'of mlly nequainlnnce who has lately.roturwued horu a visit to soiip friends, mentioned a rather sineular phost story the other tiay. The ftnnily ahm had visitta . nided in a bouon pat rof which was very old, while the remaining part was comparatively modern. One bedroom in the old portion of the hnild ing had the reputation of being haunted, for, as the story goes, a female who hatd ocenpied that chamber in bye-gone years, was murdered in it, and interred in the garden which was overlooked by the window of that apartment. On thi third evening after their guests arrival, as the family were sitting at a late sup per, the conversation chancing to turn on the haunted room. one of tine family asked the young lady whether she was game to sleep in it that night, and she replied in the allirtmative. After alittle further discustion on the subject, it was a, reed tupon that she should do so. Shortly after supper the famr.ily retired to their respective helld elhambers, and my fair informant found herself alone in the haunted room. According to her own statement she, "not abitfrightened," undressed leisurely, got into tIId, ex ting.ashed her candle, and soon fell fast asletp, How long site slept, she knew not, but she was awakened by tle glare of lightin her eyes, awl stamtinc np in bed saite saw a strong blue colored flame with a human female in the centre of if, I which passed throughl the closed window, Iand glided slowly towards thle bed in which the frightened girl lay. The ap parition, lho was clothed in white, and whose face resemlbled the ashen hue of a cerpst, signed to this poor girl to extend her left haln:l, she obeyed, ant! the ghost placed on her third tintger a wedding ring with somethling engraved on it. The young lady gl ncedth at the ring on her finger, and to her horror, noticed that the engraoint on it bore the device of a death's head and r',,ss bones. SIte faintod with terror. When she reecovered fronl her swoon the sun was streaming into tie apartment. Site started up, anl looked at her hand, but no ring was on it, sithe searched in, on, anv under the Ithad, and on the flior, but the ring was not to be found. SIte never saw it more, aind she neter slept in the hannte.I room again. On cross-examining my young ,laly friend, she conressed that before re tiri?l? to rest on the tit.ght on which she saw the appa itiot, shie hadl ate at supper nearly a pound'I of pork sautsaes. Per haps this trifling incumstancee may help to. account for the ghost. 