TUB OLDEST MAN# AUF.no Largo, or " Long-Hide,” accord ing to the English derivation of tho Spanish word, burned himself to death at the lteal del Castillo, California. For somo time the old In dian had been feeble and unable to walk. During tho recent heavy rains that fell in that region the old man sought refuge in a cabin near by. Last weok he crawled up to tho house of Senor Francisco Farma and told him he was very hungry. Tho latter gavo him a good dinner, besides furnishing provisions for fu ture emergencies and thon instructed tho other Indians at the ranchoria to care for him. They replied that they had always done so, as they entertained unusual rever ence for the old man on account of his ago. Thursday, the date in question, was a cold day in Lower California, and “ Long Hide" was given an extra blanket by his dusky friends. This ho soon tore into strips, put them on a lire and soon his “ teepo” or brush house, was all nblazo. When this had been accomplished, despair for tho moment seem ing to seise him, ho plunged headlong into the burning mass. A stout young Indian near by seized him and tried to drag him out of danger, but tho old man grabbed a stake in the ground near by, hold himself in tho fire, and before other help could come was literally roasted alive, dying within a fow hours after the occurance mentioned. “ Long Hido” was married and the father of several children when the miss ion of San Diego was built, ono hundred and twenty years ago, and from what ho told parties who visited him he must havo beon not less than thirty yoars of age at the time. Three or four years ago he lost a son who could remember when tho mission wits first built by Franciscan friars. This son must have been not lesB than 1*20 years of age, " Long Hide” told of the first settlement of Old Town years before tho mission was built, of tho coming of ships for water at Russian springs, and many things of groat interest in tho past history of San Diego and vioinity.. Jaun Melendrez who lives near tho Heal del Castillo, says he knew “ Long Hide” fifty yoars ago and that ho appeared nonrly as old then os ho did tho week before he died. Ho says that tho old man frequently beat tho best horses owned in tho country on trips to San Diego, ono hundred milos distant from tho Ileal, and that he often chased doer until they gavo up with fatigue. Ho would then cap ture them after they had laid down for rest. Until a year ago he was able to walk about and travel quite well. Since then he has been obliged to crawl about on all fours, like a ent or dog. Ho retained his'sight perfectly and all tho faculties of mind up to tho day he died.—San Diego Sun. now* IN Till! DAIIK. , Down in tho lower levels of our mines, hundreds of feet below the surface oi the earth, in the dominions of Erebus, where darkn038 ever holds its reign unbroken by the light of day, are found some curious growths. The grass Ynlloy Tidings makes the follow ing mention of a specimen of this subterran ean vegetation : “ On Saturday some miners found a rather queer specimen in tho 700 level in the Idaho mine. The specimen which was found among tho timber, is a sort of fungus (punk, webeliovo tho minors call it), end is just the shapo of a human hand. The hand has five fingers and a thumb, and appears to be in a sort of cramp ed position. It is a singular looking speci men, and mny be seen at the Wisconsin hotel.” In the lower levels of the Comstock mines —particularly those long abandoned or un used—are seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fungi. Some of these are of great size, almost filling up drifts, and seen by the dim light of a candlo look liko sheeted ghosts. Down below in the dark those growths seom to strive to imitate the forms of things seen on the surface, In ono of our mino3 was o.nce found an imitation of a fancifully-carved meorsliaum pipe, stem and all, so porfeot that it would easily bo mistaktn for the genuine article if not taken in the hand and closely ex amined, Somo of tho fungi resemble the horns of animals, and are from two feet to a yard in length, wlrilo others might pass for petrified devil-fish.—Virginia Enterprise. A coiumsroNonNT of tho Hoohester Post Express, describing the burning of a dwelling house in Clifton Springs, recently, says that becauso of a peculiar state of Iho atmosphero a curious spectacle was presented, The southern sky was illuminated by a broad crimson glaro, and from the oentre of tlrin, extending far up into the sky, was a blood red streak, such ns is often produced by the explosion of a sky-rookot. This streak re mained long after the reflection of the blaze had died away. It is hard to personate and act n part long, for whero truth is not at the bottom, naturo will alwnys bo ondoavouring to return, and will peep out and betray herself one time or other.—Tillotson, To divert at any time a troublcsomo fancy, run to thy books ; they presently fix thee to them, and drive tho other out of thy thoughts. They always recoivo thee with tho same kind ness.—Fuller. Natuiiai.istb say that a single swallow will devour G000 flies a day. 