THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLE Tuesday. August 14. The Speakkb took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Petitions in favour of the amendment of the Iaw3 so as to provide better protection for the virtue of young Kirls and women were presented by Mr. Dy Air. LAxhdseer, from S2 female adults ol Mount Barker ; by the CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), from 734 adult females in Adelaide ; by Mr. STIRLING, from 6i adult males of Mount Barker ; by the MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. J. L. Parsons), from 99 females of North Adelaide ; by the Hon. T. PLAYFOED, from 573 ladies of East Torrens : by Mr. BASEDOW, from 1S7 females of Gawler District ; by Mr. COGLIN, from 153 females of Port Augusta; and by Mr. KING, from 123 females resident in Gleneig, Parkside, and other places. Mr. BAGSTER presented a petition in favour of the amendment of the land laws from 81 farm9rs and others of Southern Yorke's Peninsula. Petitions were presented praying for an amend ment in the Main Roads Bill by Mr. BEAGLE HOLE, from the Corporation of Wallaroo ; bv Mr. BRIGHT, from the Corporation of Port Wake field; and by the Hon. T. PLAYFORD, from the Corporation of Kensington and Norwood. Received. Mr. COLES presented a petition from 43 residents in Bobertstown, praying that it might be declared a polling-place. Received and read. LARGS BAY LAND COMPANY. In answer to Mr. Mattjnson, the CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said he believed that the Lares Bay Company had not paid the amount due on the contract entered into by them ? with the Government. They guaranteed a certain amount for the traffic, but they had not paid that amount. The Commissioner had been in communi cation with the Company, and had intimated that the trains would be stopped unless the sum due was Pai * THE TAXATION PROPOSALS. The Hon. J. CARR asked the Treasurer— ' Whether he haa reconsidered the question of the proposed taxation on Benefit Societies and Life Assurance Societies ; and if so, what decision has be arrived at.' The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) replied :— ' My hon. friend haa said ' reconsidered the ques tion.' I do not know that I have reconsidered it particularly, baf the matter of taxing Life Assurance Companies has been brought before us, and we do not propose to put in the Bill any provisions for the taxation of premiums received by Life Assurance Comp'ujies.' Mr. WARD — I would like to ask if the Treasurer intends to make any other alterations. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde)- 1 hope to have an opportunity of speaking on these questions in my reply on the Budget Speech, and I shall state then pretty clearly what the Government intentions are. (Mr. Rounsevell— ' Fresh intentions V) Mr. BRIGHT— I would like to know if it will be very inconvenient for the Treasurer to state now what action the Government intend to take with regard to the taxation proposals. My reason for asking the question is that I have prepared the few notes I have with the view of discussing the taxa tion proposals as a whole, and now I want to know just what they are. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. COLTON— Ou this matter of taxation I wish to ask the Premier— I am not going to ask the Treasurer, because it is very clear that ne does not know anything about the matter — whether the Government have decided to make any other altera tions in the suggested scheme of taxation which the Treasurer submitted to the House in his Budget Speech. I must ask the Chief Secretary to be ex plicit. (Hear, hear.) The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied :— The Government proposed their taxation scheme as announced by the Treasurer. With regard to the question of exemption the Treasurer did not go into the matter. The Government have decided, as the Treasurer has said, to cause build ings used for religious purDoses, and for local Coun cils and Corporations to be exempted. In addition to them we propose not to tax the premiums of Friendly Societies, and in reply to a deputation which has waited upon the Treasurer it was men tioned that we do not intend to tax Assurance Com panies. It is a question for the House to con sider, and the uo- eminent will not feel hurt if hon. members will show us a stiong case to agree to other exceptions if they are necessary. (Oh, and laughter.) Hon. members may laugh, but I defy them to state where a scheme of taxation has been carried without some alterations. We adhere to the principles of our proposals, but if hon. members can make out a strong case which will satisfy the House that certain things should be excepted, they can be excluded without detriment to the general scheme of taxation. (Oh, and laughter.) REDUCING IMMIGRATION. Mr. JOHNSON asked—' If the Government have done anything towards checking the flow of immi gration which is coming into the province?' The [CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray; replied : — ' No more vessels have been ordered lately.' ASSESSMENT NOTICES BY DISTRICT COUNCILS. Mr. HAINES asked— 'Have the Government done anything to alter the state of the law with re gard to' the sending out of written notices by District Councils?' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) replied:— 'I have called the attention of the Law Officers of the Crown to the subject, and they have decided that the notices must be written. The Government therefore have decided to introduce a Bill which will meet the case by providing that they need not be written.' THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN.LOAN. Mr. WAED asked—' Is the reported announce ment that the South Australian Loan will in no case be placed upon the market earlier than No vember next true or untrue ?' The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) replied :— ' Untrue. In reply to a telegram enquiring as to the reported announcement the AgentrGenerU. says there is no truth in the rumour referred to.' DISTRICT COUNCILS AND EXCHANGE OF RESERVES. Mr. NEWLAND asked—' What provision exists for enabling a District Council, in the case of the oxchange of reserves, to divest itself of the condition of trust as vested in it ; and if no means are pro vided, will the Government take early steps to remedy such defect T The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), fortheArroii-'EY-GE.NEiiAi. (Hon. J. W. Downer), replied:— 'No provision exists for the purpose. Provision will be made in an amending District Councils BflL' PAPER?. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) laid on the table — Expenses on Exhibitions, &c; The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. A. Catt) laid on the table Pastoral leases under the Crown, number of stock, 4c, with plan. Report of the Government Geologist on his journey through the north-eastern districts of the colony. Papers to be printed, and plan to be lithographed. PRINTING PAPERS.! Mr. BRIGHT moved— 'That Petition No. 62, presented on August 9 feom four persons, be printed.' Carried. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE ANNEXATION QUESTION. On the motion that the House go into.a Committee of Supply, Mr. WARD said he availed himself of that par ticular opportunity of calling the attention of the House to a telegram which had appeared in the papers of this colony since they had met last Thurs day. The paper containing it was that of Friday. This was a question of far more importance to South Australia than anything which affected himself, or the Premier, or the Treasurer. It was a question in which to a certain extent the good faith of the pub lic men of this colony was distinctly involved, and it was quite right, he thought, that the House and all Australia, as well as merely South Australia, should understand who the public men of this colony were in whom they could place confldence, and who those were in whom they could not place confidence. (The Treasurer— ' Hear, hear.') He was glad the Treasurer accepted the proposition, because he admitted he was his opponent, and he wished to score no bigger victory against him than to judge him by that standard. (The Treasurer— ' Hear, hear.') He did accept it. The telegram to which he referred was addressed by the_ Premier of Victoria to the Chief Secretary; and it began as follows: — ' I greatly regret tone of the remarks made in your House last night respecting my action in sending Mr. Ward copy of letter adures3ed_ by me to Tasmania. Ward asked me to send him any papers that might assist him in motion. In reply I sent him Tasmanian letter which contained sug gestion about proportion expenses intended to meet one of their objections, which I thought might also be shared by South Australia.' He would ask the House to consider the one point that Mr. Service's Tegret was as to the tone of the remarks made in that House. He had before him a full telegram which appeared in the Melbourne Argus on the same day (Friday), and he was certain, as he wa3 sure the House would be certain, that the regret was not in any degree applied to any remarks of his. Those which he had regretted were made by the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer ; because, while this very full telegram which appeared in the Argus gave almost a complete synopsis of the speech of the Chief Secretary, and honoured the Treasurer bymen tioninx him— — The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray)— I will call attention to Standing Order 132, which saya — 'No member shall read from a printed news paper or book the report of any speech made in Parliament during the present session.' The hon. member, therefore, is not in order. (An Hoc. Mem ber— 'He is not reading from a report.' Hear, bear.) The SPEAKER— The hon. member is not in order in quoting from a paper. Mr. WARD would use his memory then, and he would lay the paper on the table of the House, so that any hon. member might see whether what he said was correct. The Argus reported in fall the thoroughly unjustifiable attack made upon the Premier of Victoria by the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer. It reported also the defence which he made of Mr. Service's action ; it ^contained his allegation that Mr. Service had done nothing that was even an act of discourtesy to the Ministry. It reported that he defended Mr. Service, and therefore when that gentleman telegraphed that he greatly regretted the tone of the remarks he could not have referred to his (Mr. Ward's) speech, but he must have alluded to the utterances of the Chief Secretary and the Treasurer. But the main point that he wanted to establish was that Mr. Service went on to say in this telegram that he had asked him— and there was another member to whom he sent a telegram — not to allow this to be made a party question. For the good faith of our public men, for the good reputation of South Australia, and for the sake of the colonists he wanted the House and the colony and the other provinces to know who were the men in whom they place their confi dence. Mr. Service, he snpposed, had a certain amount of confidence in him, and he expressed in the telegrams he bad before him a desire that he should not make this a party question, as the object was a national one, and one on which all Victoria was unanimous, and on which he honed all South Australia would be unanimous. He left it to the intelligence of members of the House and to the country;. to answer the question as to who made the subject a party question. (Hear, hear; and the Chief Secretary— 'You did.') Did he? (The Chief Secretary— 'Yes; read your speech;' the Treasurer — ' Certainly ;' and Mr. Coglin — ' To be sure you did.') Then the Chief Secretary was either deaf, or he was ignorant of the meaning of the English language. He had implored the House in every way he could do not to deal with the subject in a party spirit ; and did he not say that he hoped the matter would not be decided as to who sat upon the Treasury benches at that time or at any future time ? (Mr. Johnson — 'It was a party question for all that;' and the Chief Secretary— ' Do you not always do that V) Before he sat down he would tell him of something else. Following the advice contained in the telegrams, he had pat it to the House to decide this question altogether apart of who should or should not sit upon those benches. What did the Chief Secretary mean by a party ques tion? He viewed it from the standpoint 'Am I or amjl not to remain in office V He did not place that issue before the House, and he would from his place in the House charge him with having wilfully, deli berately, knowingly, and maliciously, in his own in terests, made it a party question, by telling those gentlemen in the House who would vote with him even when their own consciences tcldthem they ought not to do so ? (Order.) The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) — I rise to order. (Why 7) It is out of order f i)r the hon. member to impute motives to hon. members, and to say that they will vote contrary to their con sciences. I say those words ought to be withdrawn, and I will ask the Speaker to say that they shall be withdrawn. The SPEAKER— The hon. member is out of order. In the heat of the debate he has used words which are offensive to the House, and which ought to be withdrawn. Mr. WARD did not want to overstnp the bounds of decorum or of order, but he was making a charge against the Chief Secretary, and he had got so far as to 3ay that he accused the Chief Secretary of having wilfully and knowingly made this great national question a party question in the narrowest sense ? in the sense of whether he remained on tho3e benches or not. He did it in this way. He told certain hon. members that if that motion were car ried the Ministry must res'gn. (The Chief Secretary — 'I nevei said anything of the kind.') Then his emissaries did. (Oh !) Was the Chief Secre tary going to shelter himself under that excuse? They knew he could get men to do his dirty work without taking part in it himself. They knew pretty well that the Chief Secretary could always find some one if helikedtoemployhim. (The Chief Secretary—' To do what ?') Would the Chief Secretary deny that it was known to certain members of the House that if that motion were carried the Ministry would resign ? (The Chief Secretary— 'It was not known to me;' and Mr. lomkinson— ' I did not know it.') Hu would re peat his question. (Mr. Dixson— ' Why do not you state your authority V) He was asking a question. (Mr. Gilbert—' It was not generally Known.' Laughter.) He was quite sure the hen. member had just about struck the right nail on the head. At any rate, if it were only known to some, it had an effect upon tha division, and therefore it was the Government and not himself who had made this a party question. That was the point that he was prepared to establish to the satisfaction of the House, the country, and the people in tha other colonies. Now, if Mr. Service had any regret at all in connection with bis action it would have been based upon the supposition that he had made this a party question, but he had written a long explanation of the facts, and he had no doubt that he would now understand the true position of the Ministry in the House. He contended, first of all, that Mr. Service did not do any wrong. In the first instance he sent to him certain papers, including a despatch marked 'confidential,' which he had respected as confi dential. He also sent a copy of the despatch to Tasmania, which was dated July 11, and had been acted upon before it was sent to him. The docu ment which was addressed to the Tasmanian Go vernment was public property. (The Chief Secre tary— 'Was it published in any newspaper?') It was not sent to the Chief Secretary, who was not entitled to receive copie3 of all despatches sent to the other colonies. This despatch was so public in Tasmania that it altered the action of the Tasma nian Government Hi3 second point was that he was not wrong in using what Mr. Service had sent to him. He respected as confidential that which was marked 'confidential,' and he had made use of that which was really public property. Now, he was going to tell the House something of the Premier of South Australia. The other night he called the attention of the Chief Sec retary to a mistake he made in laying before the House a copy of a confidential despatch sent to him, and marked 'confidential' by the Government which he had dared to accuse of discourtesy. The Premier knew, and the House knew, that he had saved the Chief Secretary from bringing the colony into dis grace by violating the confidence of the Government of an adjoining colony. When he called the atten tion of the Chief Secretary to the fact that he had made a mistake, which he believed was made through carelessness, he did what Gladstone could not have dared do. He had laid the papers on the table, and they bad become the property of tn.9 House, and instead of telling the House of his mistake, and asking permission to withdraw the paper, the Chief Secretary with his own hands abstracted that State paper from the papers which were the pro perty of the House and were ordered to be printed. (The Chief Secretary— ' It was put there by acci dent, and I would do the same to- morrow.' The Hon. J. Colton— ' You should call attention to it.') Then he must leave the House to judge what pos sible confidence they would place in the personal integrity of the Chief Secretary. Such a man was unworthy, in his judgment, of any one's confidence. He wished to say no more. (Mr. Coglin— 'You have said quite enough.' Laughter.) The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said he agreed with Mr. Coglin, and thought fur ther that the hon. member had said a good deal more than enough, and more than his own calm judgment would tell him he ought to have said. He had done what any one e.se would have done under similar circumstances. He admitted that the despatch ought not to have been laid on the table, as it was his property, and was put in by mistake. It was a paper that the House had never asked for, but was slipped in by mistake by the Under-Secretary. He had taken the paper just as if he had laid on the table something that was not intended to be laid on there, and which would not be the property of the House. Mr. Ward knew the circumstances the other diy, and bad cogitated over them, and now tried to mike mountains out of molehills. He was sorry the hon. member had not read the whole of Mr. Service's telegram. Mr. Service said ? 'I he SPEAKER— The Chief Secretary must not read the telegram. (Laughter.) lhe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), resuming, said that Mr. Service had stated that he had no idea that the despatches were to be used in a debate on a party question, and he was sorry the matter had taken that turn. Who gave it that turn? Why, the hon. member Mr. Ward. (So.) He said that he had done so by tbe soeech he had matte, and any motion would be a party question after the offensive way in which the hon. member had spoken of him and every member of the Government. Mr. Service had made a great mistake in sending confidential papers to Mr. Ward, and he ought not to have done t He was quite prepared to accept the explana tion that Mr. Service believed that they would not have been used against the Government, but that we were likely to be unanimous on this snbject as they were in the other colony. . He would not have sent the hon. member these papers and tha tele gram if he had thought he would use them in the way he had. (Hear, hear.) He was perfectly certain that Mr. Service would not trust the hon. member again with con fidential papeis. The hon. member stated that this despatch turned the opinion of tbe people of Tas mania on the annexation question, but the Tas manian Government did not approve of what was being done in the matter. Mr. Giblin, thePremierof Tasmania, writing on July 13, stated— 'Thi3 Government is prepared to act in cordial unison with the other Australasian Colonies in making all ureent representations to Great Britain to induce the Imperial authonties to pravent tne occupation of either South- Western New Guinea or any of the at present unannexed Pacific islands by any foreign Power. The occupation of any of these places by a foreign Government as a penal settlement would be in the highest degree objectionable, and in their occupation oven for peaceful colonization by any Continental Power would in all probability cause trouble to Queensland and New South Wales in the future. Now, the interests of the Australasian Colonies are so far linked together that even a probability of future trouble or danger to one colony is a sufficient reason for united action on the part of alL But the real difficulty of the case, to my mind, lies in this, that the question of what measures are most expedient, or even possible to be taken, is one the determination of which must be left to Her Majesty's Ministers in England, and in coming to their decision they must necessarily be affected by longer consideration than those which present themselves to our m.nds, and their action may be limited by obligations of the nature of wbicb we are misinformea, and of the extent of which we are ignorant The question, therefore, whether the end we seek — viz., the prevention of annexation by any other Power— is only to be obtained by an act of annexation on the part of England, or whether it may not be attained by diplomatic representations, is one that only English Ministers can settle, and it should be left in their hands. It is perfectly obvious thit the Australian Colonies standing alone are in no position to enter upon a policy of aggression, and that, apart from their position as a portion of the great English Empire, they could offer no effectual resistance_ to the occupation by France, Germany, or America, of any one of the numerous islands which dot the Pacific, although the occu pation of such island by a foreign Government might justly be deemed fraught with menace to the future peacefulness of these southern seas. But if we are dependent upon England for any effective check to what we regard as foreign encroachment, is it wise, or even becoming:, to assume a semi-hostile position to the Imperial authorities because on our first approach to the Queen's advisers we do not at once get all we ask? I cannot but believe, in view of the strong language that has been used as to this question of annexation and of the impatience of control which the proposed action indicates that the assembling of a Federal Council or Convention at the present time for the purpose of expressing more forcibly and more collectively our dissatisfaction with the decision of Her Majesty's Ministers and our opinion of the unwiseness of their action would be the beginning of difficulties the end of which I do not profess to be able to foresee. The mere question of the expense of governing any new dependency is, I venture to think, of secondary consideration. Shared among the colonies it would not be burdensomej and probably Tasmania's share would be comparatively light My objection to the course suggested is rather that it appears to me that we are going too fast and too far ; that we are subordinating Imperial to colonial interests, and assuming an incapacity or an unwillingness on the part of Great Britain to defend us from the evils which we dread, for which there does not seem to be any sufficient warrant. For these reasons this Government is not prepared to do more than join in urging Her Majesty to take such effective steps as the wisdom of her advisers may suggest to prevent the occupation of New Guinea or the Pacific islands by any foreign Power.' It would be seen from this that the Tasmanian Government did not agree tc the proposals, and they did not even at present consent to join a Conference to be held to consider the whole subject. He hoped, however, they would do so. He contended, with regard to that question, that the hon. member did bring it forward as a party question ; he had used the most offensive lan guage that the rules of Parliament would allow with regard to him and his colleagues when he intro duced it He noticed that when the debate was being wound up Mr. Ward had stated that the question was not to be regarded as a party question ; and Mr. Rounsevell, when he saw that they were going to be beaten, said, ' Oh, this is not a party question, you know.' Mr. ROUNSEVELL protested against that state ment, and said that on the day before the division was taken he appealed to the Chief Secretary not to make it a party question. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray), resuming, said he did not make it a party question, and he challenged any hon. member to say that he intimated or breathed or suggested that the Ministry would resign if the motion were carried. He did nothing of the sort, and the hon. member knew it (Mr. Ward— 'I did not know of it') The hon. member had made a great mistake ; he made a false start in the House and the House would not follow him ; ^and ;he made a false start with Sir. Service, who 'would never trust him with confidential despatches again. The hon. member got up in the House and spoke in a blustering voice, and seemed to think that the more excited he became, the louder he spoke, and the more contemptuous he looked the greater impression he would make, but he did not care how the hon. member looked or v. hat he said. He had long been far abofe any opinion of the hon. member, and he cared nothing, the House cared little, and the country cared, still less for what he said. (Laughter.) Mr. GILBERT wished to explain that when he interjected in the course of Mr. Ward's speech the words 'It was not generally known,' he meant that he aid not know, and that it was not known to his friends who usually voted with the Government, that they intended to resign if the motion were carried. Mr. ROUNSEVELL said the Chief Secretary had tried to fix upen him a mean, dirty, paltry subter fuge of whicu he was not capable. He had accused him of cowardice, of which he was not guilty, of having tried to take tha annexation motion outside of the range of party politics because he thought he was going to be beaten. Now, from the very first he thought that the Government had made a mis take ; but he spoke to the Chief Secretary privately, and asked him not to make it a party question, and be thought it was unfair of the Chief Secretary to make the suggestion he had. He felt that it would be unwise to make a party question of the motion, and be urged that South Australia should present one unbroken front in thi3 matter. He did not think that Mr. Service had been guilty of any breach of Governmental etiquette, as he had expressly asked that the question should be kept outside of the range of party politics. Mr. TOM.KIXSON was quite sure that the Chief Secretary did not mean to impute anything mean or objectionable to the hon member. He trusted that the_ House was quite satisfied with the reply of the Chief Secretary to the remarks of Mr. Ward, who had raised a storm in a teapot, and had led to the waste of a great deal of time in useless discussion. (Mr. Ward — ' What about annexation and federa tion ?') Yes ; he thought the Chief Secretary had done quite right in respect to the paper referred to as having been laid on the table by mistake, and he trusted he expressed the opinion of the members of the House generally. (Hear, hear.) He felt proud of the Chief Secretary a3 the leader of the Bouse, as he had done nothing to detract from the respect which should be commanded by one in his position. He hoped that that was the last they would hear of the question and the aspirations of some ambitious politicians in the other colonies. The hon. member assumed thai they were in the position of the Imperial Parliament, and they were making themselves supremely ridiculous in seeking to interfere with the Imperial Government He was sure the Chief Secretary had not made the annexation motion a party question. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said if any of his remarks conveyed tha idea that Mr. Rounsevell was guilty of what had been sug gested he willingly withdrew them, because he did not intend to convey that idea. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHNSON said that Mr. Ward had in sinuated that some hon. members had voted against their consciences in connection with this matter. So far as he was concerned he did not quite agree with the Government, but he did not think that there was sufficient reason to turn out the Ministry, and so he had supported the motion. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Hon. members had a right to con sider what would have beej the result of the car rying of the motion, and that was that the Ministry would have been turned out on tbe motion of Mr. Ward and Mr. Ward would have been sent for. He need not say any more after that (Laughter.) The motion was carried. MARRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL. This Bill was received by message from the Legis lative Council and read a first time, the second reading being fixed for that day week. SUPPLY.— THE ESTIMATES. The House having gone into Committee of Supply, The Hon. J. CARR said that in discussing that very important question he wished to give the Ministry fair play and that consideration that he would ex pect himself, and He didnot think it would be wise to try to bind them down to every detail, provided they stood by the principles that they had laid down. He confessed tnat he had not very much pleasure in speaking on the subject, although his task had been rendered easier by the Hon. J. Colton, who proposed a rival scheme in a straightforward and manly way. With reference to this question he felt like a man who had to see his banker as to the state of his account, namely, as though he would rather not discuss the question, and he could be banpy without any ot the rival financiers. He agreed to a great extent with the Hon. J. Colton that the want of economy displayed during the last four or five years had led to our present position. There had been a greatly increased expenditure in various ways, and he might first refer to the item of educa tion. In 1875 we spent en education £39,384, and the proposed vote for 1884 was £102 249, or nearly three times as much. We had gone with leaps and bounds in the matters of education, and with hon. members advocating high-class education, free education, and so on, he didnot wonder at this. (The Minister of Education — 'There is alarger number of scholars.') He did not think that the work of education was being carried out three times better than previously, and he thought that the old system was underrated, while the results of tbe new system were over praised. We had also spent too much money on immigration. They were told that immigration was required for the carrying out of public works, and in the next breath the information was given that the ? labourers who constructed railways and other works came from Victoria. This fact was patent, and it was also known that when the work was finished they went back again. Many of the men who arrived in the colony as immigrants and were sent to the Nairne Railway and other similar works were un accustomed to such labour. We should be cautious hi introducing labour to the colony, because although our wages were higher than in the other colonies many of the labourers who came here went to the other colonies, and we had imported labour largely for their benefit. He thought our work was rather intermittent on account of something peculiar in our social and national life. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'The same thing applies to Victoria.') No; for the reason that a good deal of our labour was connected with agriculture, and the farmers even with the best disposition could only employ labour largely at harvest and seed time, and conse quently we lost labourers between the seasons. While thus speaking about the farmers he could not go with the Hon. Mr. Colton in the lecture he gave them. He had been a practical farmer himself, and he knew that it involved hard work and long hours ; and though he had tried other things— and politics — he had never met with anything that required more sound sense and judgment and careful atten tion than farming. Fanners knew how to do tneir own business, and he thought it would be just a3 reasonable to import a professor to teach merchants and butchers and bakers how to conduct their busi ness, as it was to import a Professor of Agriculture. (Hear, hear.) He did not wish to speak disparag ingly of thai gentleman, for he did not know him ; but he came out here with plenty of money, with the contiol of all the appliances he required, and as he knew nothing about the struggles of the farmers the practical result of his stay here would be comparatively useless. It wa3 only part of a policy which late Governments had adopted, and which the House of Assembly had en dorsed, of multiplying heads of departments ; and if the enquiry into the so-called Nairne Railway accident?, which were trifling, did nothing else it showed that there were two or three heads cf de partments standing in one another's way, and that it lessened the efficiency of the management His own opinion was that as far as tbe railway manage ment was concerned the power should be in one man's hands ; and if it was thought advisable to have a division let there be a division of the colon} into districts, not have a Superintendent of Locomotives with absolute power and a Traffic Manager with absolute power. When he was Commissioner of Public; Wrorks and Mr. Bonney, who was one, of the best we had had, was Traffic Manager, there were continual deadlocks at Port Adelaide, and the way in which the Government got over the difficulty was to appoint Mr. Bonney Inspector of Runs. Mr. Bonney discharged his duties well, and when next there was a deadlock of wheat at the Port Mr. Mais went down and put an end to the troubles. He fully believed that the Hon. Mr. Colton could, as he said, save £40,000 on the Estimates ; and the Treasurer could do so, but the House would not let him. (Hon. J. Colton— ' Why ?*) Because the House was not economical, and never had been. (Mr. Coglin — 'There is a change,' and laughter.) There was no imputation there, because a large ex penditure was sometimes tbe wisest course to adopt But he did say that certain hon. members voted and pressed for almost any expenditure, and he believed they were about the most popular men in the House, and perhaps in the_ country. It was a difficult thing for the Treasurer in the present state of feeling in the House and country to economize. Nevertheless, before such tremendous taxation as that proposed by the Ministry was adopted, we ought to economize. (Hear, hear.) Still he recognised the fact that we bad been spending more income than we were justified in doing, and he had last session supported the Treasurer's proposals. He must confess that he thought the present proposals were extravagant (Hear, hear.) In England when the income tax was proposed it was 6d. in the pound on all incomes above £150, 3d. on incomes between £100 and £150, and those below £100 were exempted. The Treasurer's proposals were very different. If the income on property were taken at £6 per cent , the Treasurer's proposal was equivalent to income taxation of Is. 4jd. in the pound. It might be called a property tax, but it bad to be paid on the income arising from the property, and it was nearly three times that imposed in England. Then it must be remembered that property was taxed on its annual value, and local rates of generally Is. in the pound were declared. Take the case of two houses, worth say £3,500, which were built by a late member of the House two years ago, but had been emDty ever since. He supposed they woald be' rated for local rates at £100 each. The houses were a source cf expense, and the expenditure must be increased before they were inhabited. The local rates would be £10 and the property tax £14 11s. 8d. This was an enormous increase in the burdens laid on property ; and on the other side there wereobjec tions to the income tax. He supposed we should follow the English style and have a general charge on incomes above a certain amount The objection to the tax was that it was a tax on intellect (Tbe Chief Secretary—' Hear, hear.') Lawyers— (laughter)— Ministers of the Crown, those who lived by their wits all the world over, had to pay. (Oh ) He did not say so disparagingly ; he thought it was better for a man to live on his wits in an honest fashion than on the rent of property some grandfather had left him. (Laughter.) This tax also fell heavily on industry and enterprise, and was really objection able. Then there seemed to be an idea outside, that commanded a good deal of support outside, that the whole of the burdens of the State shonld be borne by the land. (The Hon. J. Colton—' No, not alL') Be knew it was not the Hon. Mr. Colton's view, but it was taken up outside, and Mr. George was spoken of as hon. members' leader and guide in the matter. (Laughter.) He was afraid the cry ?' Let land pay all,' and this request to adopt an income tax, would throw hon. members off the track — (Hear, hear) — and he wanted to do something if he could fairly and honestly. His idea was to moderate the Tarious proposals and reduce by one-half, which would give all that was required and preserve the principle, and on matters of detail he would be prepared to sink objections that might be urged against any scheme to make property bear its fair share of the burdens of the State. There were men with immense incomes and large properties who lived in a careful style, and did not pay as much as labouring men with large families, and they certainly ought every year to pay a good round sum for the protection of Ufa and pioperty. Land would have to pay the local tax proposed by the Hon. Mr. Colton. the land tax xnged outside, and a fair share in reference to the income tax,i and that was going too heavily on one class. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' No one ever meant that') He was glad that was not proposed ; but there was a cry outside that land should pay all, and there were articles in one of tha papers, written with considerable ability, throwing dust in one's eyes in struggling to show this should be the case. This plan of making the land pay for everything was not a new one. In Persia, Turkey, and Egypt they did without Customs duties, and laid all the burdens on the land, and the consequence seemed to him to te that those three countries were about the most God-forsaken, miserable countries in the wide world. (Laughter.) And Mr. George, the author of this suggested panacea for our financial ills, should pay some attention to the way the tax worked in these miserable countries. If heavy and special burdens were put on the land the small farmers were crippled, and we knew from our past experience hat when the farmers were affected the backbone of our national industry was almost paralyzed. By the mysterious dispensation of Providence our far mers were in a state of great adversity, but wera looking forward to a bounteous harvest ; and as we were dependent on the farmers, let them bear their fairshareofthe burden, butnot be crippled by special taxation. In fact he thought special taxation on the land would injure those who cried out for it in the long run, as it would the farmers. (The H -n. J. Colton— 'lie Treasurer says land and property on the land.') Yes, but not specially on the land ; the mercantile classes and those who had m ineyed estates paid under the Treasurer's plan. (The Treasurer—' Hear, hear.1') It seemed to go further than the Hon. Mr. Colton'a idea, and in all f airnes3 it ought to go further, and Ministers of the Crown should pay too. But before talking about land bearing all the burdens, those who had professional incomes should pay, though perhaps not to the same extent, because their incomes were precarious and uncertain. As another instance of the principle he was trying to lay down he would point to the fact that France, which at one time, when tha estates of thj nobles and clergy were exempted from taxation, was one of the most miserable countries in Europe, was now one of the most prosperous, owing to the fact that the country had been parcelled out into small freeholds ; and her prosperity had come in connection with Customs and a moderate protection of national industry. He thought we ought to go a little further than the Treasurer's scheme ; and the policy with which Mr. Graham Berry's name was connected if adopted to a certain extent would be wise and just He thought for our national interests it was desirable that large estates should be somewhat discouraged, and to bring this about they might be made to pay an increasedrate. (The Treasurer— 'Hear, hear.') He had often heard the Treasurer lay it down that the* worst thing that could be done to the Treasurer would be to pay too much money into the. Treasury. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He agreed with the principle, and would therefore suggest that a halfpenny in the pound should be adopted instead of a penny. This would Rive £100,000 instead of £200,000, and that would be sufficient. He would suggest that estates above 10.CO0 acres should pay three farthings and estates above 20,003 acres one penny in the pound. (Hear, hear. Hon. J. Colton— 'Doing it by fractions.') A sliding scale was good in its way. He would vote for the first item on the Estimates and for the principles of the Treasurer's scheme , and try to modify it in the way he had indicated. Mr. COLES taid, in discussing the taxation pro posals of the Government he did not intend to say harsh things ot them. He could not say they had unnecessarily given way to deputations, as suggested by a previous speaker ; but ne mast confess that whenever he had gone to them with a reasonable request they had invariably given way to him. He had always looked upon the Hon. Mr. Glyde as an able financier, but he was bound to admit that he thought in submitting this taxation scheme to the House he had made a great blunder — (Mr. Roun sevell — 'Hear, hear') — and before the debate wa3 over he thought the scheme would be so altered that the Treasurer would admit that he had made a blunder. He did not intend to refer to the Government in the manner adopted by Mr. Howe, and if he did he was afraid they would think he was speaking ironically. He had known his hon. friend for more than twenty- five years, and his friendship he valued much ; but unfortunately in politics, except on the land question, they rarely agreed. The hon. member had strayed from the paths of political virtue, but when he spoke on Thursday last it seemed as if he had seen the error of his ways and was going to repent ; but just when his friends were on the tiptoe o£expectataon he dashed their hopes to the ground and said that he had been speaking ironically. (Laughter.) The financial position had been so fully and ably discussed by the Hon. J. Colton and Mr. Rounsevell that he did not intend to refer to it at length ; but he did regret with them and with the Treasurer that while there was a credit balance ot £57,000 on July 1, 1S82, with a liability for unexpended balances of £108,000, we ended last finanuai year with a debit balance of £76,000 and a liability on account of unexpended balances of £114,000. There was no doubt this was largely owing to the falling-off inland sales. (The Treasurer — ' Entirely.') Perhaps so ; but the fact was that last year when the Treasurer made his financial statement he (Mr. Coles) felt that he was altogether overestimating the amount likely to come from land sales. Tha result had shown that his prediction was correct But this year ha agreed with the Hon. J. Colton in thinking that the Treasurer had altogether underestimated the amount he was likely to receive. The crops never looked better, taking all parts of the colony, than they did at this moment ; and although there was no such thing as absolute certainty as to a wheat yield he thought there was now every reason to hope we should have more than an averag9 haverest If that were the case the Treasurer would find be had very largely underestimated his receipts from land sales. We had for several years gone on borrowing money, and now he supposed there was not an hon. member in the House, perhaps, excepting Mr. Tom kinson, who did not think further taxation was necessary. Indeed, he supposed there was no other hen. member in tbe House wbo had not agreed to support a system of taxation-(The Hon. J. Colton — ' When required') — though no one had promised to support tne scheme introduced by the present Treasurer. (.Hear, hear.) Last year the Treasurer proposed a penny stamp tax on cheques, and a tax on land outside District Councils. To use his own words, 'that was putting the saddle on the right horse.' (The Chief Secretary — 'Did you vote for that?1) No ; nor did he intend to vote for this. But what he wanted to know was how it came that the Treasurer, only a year later, wanted to put the saddle on the wrong horse— and to tax the manu facturing industries of South Australia ? (Hear, bear.) If tbe present taxation scheme were carried that horse would be ridden to death. When before his constituents he promised to support an income and property tax. Mr. Dixson, his col league, made a similar promise. He intended to be true to bis promise, but he was just as sure that he should oppose the Government taxation scheme, which would tax land and improvements and leave incomes entirely alone. (The Chief Secretary — ' Oh !') Perhaps not entirely alone, but very nearly so. He believed he was correct in saying that once before that House had carried an income and property tax ; and why the Govern ment should now propose to tax property and not incomes he was at a. loss to understand. .In 1878 Mr. (now Justice) Boucaut said — 'We arrived at the conclusion that in the first place a property tax was desirable, and in the second place that an income tax would be necessary to make the tax as generally and as equitably distributed as possible.' (Hear, hear.) He agreed with that conclusion, and he would also read the following remarks made by Sir. Boucaut on that occasion : — ' If you complain of taxation pressing unfairly on the working classes it is clearly only just to put some of the burden on those professional men, lawyers, doctors, and others who are making £2,000 or £5,000 a year, wbo, in fact, are making large incomes and con siderable fortunes out of their incomes. I think we should except incomes under £500 a year. I am not wedded to ££00 a year as the line of exemption, but it appears to me that that would be a fair line to start from. If a man has got £10,000 a year he will not nay on the first £200. If he has £201 he will pay 3d. tax on the £1 over the £200. That won't hurt anybody. If a man earns £300 he will only have to pay 25s. I don't think that will hurt any cne. If a man has an income of £10,000 the first £200 will be excepted.' With these proposals, and with the suggestions of the Hon. J. Colton, which were to a large extent based on them, he entirely agreed. He would ask his colleague, Mr. Dixson — who must have been satisfied at the unanimous feel ing of the meeting he attended last night— and he would ask other hon. members who had promised to support the Government to fairly consider the effect of the taxation proposals now made. The Treasurer said—' We are not going on the annual value_ of the property, but upon the actual value ; tbat is one penny in the pound upon everything in the colony, real and personal property, from the gentleman's mansion to— his boots' (as Mr. Johnson interjected). The Treasurer also explained that ' in addition to — or auxiliary to— this one penny in the pound tax, we purpose to put a tax of 1J per cent on the premiums earned by Insurance Com panies.' Now, however, we were told that this tax on Insurance Companies was not to be imi-osed ; and he was glad of that He was glad also tHat the Government did not purpose to follow New Zealand in saying that the Government could step in and buy a man's property for 10 per cent more than the value he had returned it at That was one 'of the most iniquitous things he had ever heard of, and he was astonished that the people of New Zealand had allowed it to become law. But the plan of the Government, of either compelling a man to accept the Government valuation or else prove it ought to be reduced— was not a good one either. Indeed, he had no doubt that people would pay on 50 per cent, more than the value of the property rather than go to law against the Government. This proposal ot the Government was really a tax on colonial indus tries, and would have a very serious effect on those already started and would deter others from being begun. The hon. member for East Torrens had re ferred to the Wallaroo Mines and the Lobethal Tweed Factory, and to the amount of money that had to be spent on such industries before they paid expenses. He would take the case of Martin & Co., of Gawler, who would have to pay first on the value of their property, then on the whole of their stock and machinery, and on the whole of the machines they made, whether sold at a profit or not In Kapunda there were three implement makers who employed four-fifths of the mechanics of the town, and the owner of one of them, Mr. Cameron, bad pointed out that they would even have to pay on the three or four years' supply of timber which they had to keep in stock in order to get it properly seasoned. Was that encouraging local industries ? He felt it was not. His colleague, Mr. Dixson, had complained that his political opinions had lost him both social and political friends. His colleague was wiong in being under that impression. When he went to Light he was elected, though a stranger, because of his political opinions, going successfully through one of the most severe elections that ever took place in the district and beating one of the oldest residents there. He could assure his col league that if he were true to his political con victions— (Mr. Dixson— 'He always has been.')— he saw signs of reformation in the hoa. member last night, and hoped he would come round to the true point by-and-by— (laughter)-^ his colleague were only true to his political convictions he would be received at the next election as he was at the last; but if be attempted to put a tax on the industries of South Australia, which]he professed so much he wished to encourage— (Mr. Dixson— ' Hear, hear')— and upon the selectors, without putting a tax on incomes also, he would see that his political influence had begun to wane. The hon. member must feel this if he considered what took place at the Kapnnda meeting, where the hall, capable of holding 600 people, was nearly full— (Mr. Dixson— ' There were only about 300 there')— and where the resolutions were carried unanimously. That would show his hon. friend what the opinions of the people of the District of light were on this matter. He was pleased when bis colleague stood on the platform and said he would support those reso lutions, and he asked the hon. member to be true to his promise, and then he need not fear the result at the next election. (Laughter.) He did not think heavy taxation was necessary. The Treasurer was, in fact, asking for too much. We were at present receiving £56,000 from pastoral leases, which in the course of three or four years fell in ; and if they were allowed to fall in, and were submitted to public competition, we should receive nearer £200,000 romthem. (Bfear, hear.) He objected to the Trea surer's scheme, because he proposed to tax personal property, and not income; and he would sup port the Hon. J. Colton's scheme because he pro posed a tax «n the land irrespective of improve ments, and also an income tax. He asked the Government not to take this as a vote of no con fidence, even if an amendment were carried against their taxation scheme. There was no need why they should. On this question the Hon. L. Glyde, when in opposition, in 1878, moved an amendment on Mr. Boucant's taxation scheme, and he urged the Government and the House not to treat it as a no confidence motion. (Mr. Ward— 'There is no taxa tion proposal before the Ho^se now.') But there would be, and if an amendment were_ proposed he urged the Government not to treatit, as it wasnow un derstood they would, as a no-confidence moiion. (The Chief Secretary — 'it depends what the amendment is.') He would ask the Chief Secretary whether, supposing an amendment were carried embodying the suggestion of the Hon. J. Colton, the Govern ment would consider it a no confidence motion ? (The Chief Secretary—' I w31 wait tili I see it ') In this matter he would be guided by what the Trea surer himself said. (The Chief Secretary — 'You cannot do better ;' and laughter.) The Hon. L. Glyde in 1878 said—' The Treasurer had been going about intimating that if the motion were cirriea he would be obliged to resign, and he under stood he had secured some votes by that If he meant to table a vote of no confidence he would do so openly and straightforwardly, but he did not mean this as such. . . . As an old member of Parliament he had seen infinite mischief done because this was not the case. He bad seen bad Acts of Parliament passed, in consequence of this mistaken opinion that men dare not vote against the Ministry for fear they wonld resign.' In this particular case he would ask hon. members to consider the question on its merits. (The Hon. T. Plavf ord— ' Annexation ques tion.') There was no doubt that that motion of Mr. Ward's would have been carried had it not been for the fact it would be taken as a vote of want of con fidence in the Government. There was no reason why the Government should regard an amendment to their taxation pioposals as a matter of want of confidence. It would not kill them, politically or otherwise; but if such a catastrophe were to happen to the Treasurer he supposed his epitaph would be similar to that which it was said would be inscribed on the tablet of a celebrated Victorian statesman— Here lies poor Glyde — Here he lies ; Nobody laughs, and nobody cries. Where he's gone to. how he fares, Nobody knows, and nobody cares. (Laughter.) He hoped hon. members would con sider tbe proposals of tbe Treasurer and of tbe Hon. J. Colton on their merits, irrespective of any idea of a vote of want of confidence. Mr. BRIGHT said it was not a pleasant thing for a Treasurer to have had the task of laying before the House a financial statement showing a considerable deficit The Treasurer under all things was as jolly as he could be ; but he thought he had taken too gloomy a view of the state of affairs generally, because it was pretty clear that tbe only falling-off had been in the matter of land sales. The othar items had come up to the estimates of revenue, and ia many cases had exceeded them ; and it was because of the dis astrous seasons we had had that there had been a falling-off in the respect mentioned. They should not take too dreary a view of the state of the colony, because he considered that, on the whole, the colony was in a very sound condition, especially with the prospect of a splendid harvest, the like of which he could not remember for many years past. He agreed with what the Hon. Mr. Colton had said— that the estimates of expenditure might be reduced some £40,000 ; but he could not go to the extent Mr. Tomkinson went, who said it was possible to strike off £140,0C0. He knew it was a very hard thing to reduce the itencs to such an extent as to reach £40,000, but he thought that the Hon. Mr. Colton had indicated pretty clearly where re ductions could be made. He was surprised thit mention had not been made of the mistake of the Treasurer in not floating the new loan of a million and a half some tune back. The quotations then were £101 10s., and he did not suppose that they would realize anything like that now, but that there would in all probability be a loss of £45,000. It was not as if the colony was overflowing with money, and if they could have lent a large sum to the Banks it would have enabled us to tide over the difficulties we had had to encounter better than we had done. The Treasurer had given a very good simile when he mentioned that the floating of a loan was like a game of whist, with the Agent General and himself as partners on the one side and the financiers and the brokers in London as partners on the other side. He had put the illustration very fairly — that the lookers-on could see most of the game, and he quite agreed with him that they could do so, and the con clusion they had come to was that the Treasurer had played his game very badly, because he had trumps in his hand and he did not lead them. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, when it was considered that our bonds were at £101 10s., and that they had since gone down to £97, it was clear that he had let a good market slip by. (Tbe Treasurer—' Certainly not') That remained to be proved. But if they made anything less than the £101 10s., he would con sider that as so much loss to the country. (The Treasurer — ' Oh.') He could not say the same tbing with regard to the estimates of revenue that he had with regard to the estimates of expenditure, that they were rather heavily laden ; because he believed that they would be £100,000 more than the Treasurer had anticipated. He did not want to go into figures in detail to show where there would be increases, but be was certain that there would be a much larger revenue realized from revenue and land sales than the Treasurer expected to get, because it was pretty certain that so long as tbe farmers had any money in their pockets they would be sure to try and obtain more land. (Hear, hear.) But the amount of the land revenue depended upon the action ef th« Government, who had tbe power to regulate the emount which wonld be received from lands in a way hen. members did not quite realize. The revenue depended upon the land which was surveyed' and placed in the market, and on the particular time at which it was offered. However,, his principal reason for speaking was that he might refer to the taxation proposals of the Government When the Treasurer last year submitted his proposition to tax land outside the District Councils boun daries, he supported him, and he said he would be glad to do so, because he felt it was a step in the right direction, that tne people outside the Districts Councils, who took £38,000 per annum for roads without contributing something in return towards the revenue, should be taxed. It was not that he was opposed to taxation as a whole, and he could not follow in Mr. Tomkinson's wake by adding 5 per Gent, to the Customs. Mr. TOMKINSON explained that he preferred doing that to having to adopt the proposal sub mitted by the Treasurer. Mr. ERIGHT said it showed a preference, and he was entirely opposed to the hon. member. He did not believe that our Customs duties were oppressive; still, at the same time, he thought there was a far better mode of raising a revenue than by putting 5 per cent more on the Customs. (Hear,. hear.) He was bound to look at the Treasurer's proposal as a whole, because tbe only intimation that they had yet received was that they would be willing to except life Assurance Companies from the range of the tax. He would like to reter to one remark which tbe Treasurer had made when he was dealing with the New Zealand Act He said — 'Mortgages are rated, Banks are rated, and there is no difficulty in arranging the amount of interest a. man has in any land as that is strictly provided for in the New Zealand Act, which was amended in 18S1, and is now, I believe, almost perfect' Then he made an appeal to hon. members, and remarked — 'I ask hon. members to look at the Act, and I think we shall be very foolish if we do not avail ourselves of the experience of New Zealand and pass a similar Act.' (The Treasurer— 'Hear, hear.') There he joined issue with the Treasurer, and he thought they would be very foolish if they passed such an Act. The Treasurer was not onlv anxious to have a land tax, but everything in the shape of improvement was to be taxed— nothing whatever was to escape, and, therefore, as had been well said by Mr. Cole3, the machinery imported and made here, whereby a large number of men were kept employed and native industry fostered, was to be taxed year after year. Then there was the case of the Wallaroo and Moonta and other large mines, which bad not paid dividends for some time past, which would have the whole of their machinery taxed year by year at the rate of Id. in the pound.* If that did not tax the working men he did not- know what did, and if the Treasurer said it did not he would go further and show him what did. Ti-ere were many articles which were consumed by the working classes which at present escaped duties through the Customs, but there was not a single article which that class used which would escape taxation if this scheme were put and carried. (Hear, hear.) Many articles would have a. double taxation — that of the Customs and this impost — and to say that the work ing men would be let off was most absurd. The Treasurer knew it was so, and he was surprised tbat he should try and make some little political capital by saying, 'I am confident tbat when our poorer friends understand this fully they will see it suits them.' (The Treasurer—' Hear,, hear.') It would suit them if they liked to pay taxation upon articles which at present escaped duty. He must know that the Banks in the first instance would pay the tax imposed upon them, but their customers would have to contribute it afterwards, and that ?was the position with TegaTd to the accumulated stocks in the merchants' warehouses. It was absurd to talk about the House not being so foolish as to reject this proposal. He did not think that the House would be so foolish as to tax the necessaries of life. There would be a tax upon flour, sugar, and everything that the working man consumed. The Treasurer nad very unwisely produced this little'book from New Zealand. He had tried prior to that to gild the little pill as much as possible, but then the scheme stood out bare and distinct. He would say that when the finances of the colony had been allowed to drift into a bad state taxation was necessary, but whether it was necessary to have such a wholesale scheme- as this was quite another matter. He thought, in the face of our revenue having increased, except in the matter of land sales, that our difficulty was more temporary than anything else, and therefore they should consider tbat it was very possible that once they got this scheme put into operation it would be very difficult to do away with it The- Treasurer had said if the tax was found to yield more than was required it would be a very easy thing to reduce the amount, but he had not put the other side of the question, that it would be possible to go on an ascending scale and make the tax, not three farthings or a halfpenny, but five farthings or three halfpence. He noticed with regard to the principle of valuation, as was shown by Mr. Rounsevell, that tbe pamphlet said : — ' Indeed, in estimating, the value of a large estate tha assessor would consider whether it would sell best ai a whole or cut up. into smaller properties, and no owner who reads the Act fairly wonld think of claiming that the assessment of an immense freehold should be what it might be expected to realize if offered at public auction in one lot for cash in the room. Some may assess them selves in that way, but Reviewers, who will be well-informed and clearheaded men, would de cline to endorse such a valuation as correct.' What would such a system of taxation come to? It would be like the confiscation of property. Perhaps a block of land might be of a certain v ilue, and might be assessed accordingly; but 'No,' the assessor could say ' we will cut it up into quarter acre blocks' — (hear, hear) — and if the House were foolish enough to agree to a measure which would allow that, he would be very much surprised. A system of taxation should be fair and equitable ; but this proposal was not that, because it would not reach people who had large incomes. The legal and medical professions would escape. (The Chief Secretary—' They spend all their money.') He did not know whether tbe hon. member did so, but he was informed that the largest practitioners here did not keep their horses and carriages, but hired them. Of course they would be reached in an indirect and modified form, but not to the extent they ought to be. He did not think there were many members of the legal fraternity who had libraries valued at over £1,000, bnt supposing they had books worth £500 they would pay nothing under this tax. (The Chief Secretary— 'They have houses to live in.1') But on the other band a man who obtained an income by means of disposing of his stock as a merchant or a storekeeper wonld have the whole of his articles subjected to taxation year by year, while the legal and medical practitioners would escape altogether from the operation of the tax. Thai was not fab. (Hear, hear.) He thought we should have a property and an income tax, because he bad always neld that those who' had the largest incomes in the colony should contribute pro rata towards lhe good government of the colony. At the same time, however, he recognised the difference which existed betweenincomes derived from labour, or from an exercise of brain-power, and those which were derived from property. He wa3 willing to make a distinction in that respect, but be thought that a man with a large income ought to pay nis fair share to the revenue. He was not willing to agree to this scheme of the Government, and he thought he bad said enough to show that it was not fair or equitable, because it did not reach all classes in the manner it ought to, and In not being equitable it was not just Was it fair that the same rate should be levied on personal as on real property? Tten, the scheme would deal most hardly with the fanners. They found that when the farmers surren dered they had improvements of considerable value, some to the extent of £2.030, and yet they would be taxed on three-fourths the value of those improvements; so that instead of fostering that industry the Govern ment were proposing to do all they could to cripple it He had also spoken about the mining interest and the very large amount of injury the tax would do in tbat direction. There were very few mines in the colony that had paid any largo dividends, although thousands of pounds had been expended; and now, if the Government proposal were adopted, it would greatly tend to hinder the development of the mining industry. He contended must strongly tliat it was not at all necessary to put such heavy taxa tion upon tbe people at present, as we were only in a temporary difficulty, arising from tbe fact that we bad had two nr three bad harvests. The whole, difficulty could be cot over with any thing like £100,000, as he was quite surd that the revenue would realize more than was estimated. He would oppose the Govern ment scheme of taxation, but he would be willing to support a land tax and an income tax, the latter to make_ a distinction between the income from the exercise of the brains and the income from property, as be thought the former class of income should not be so heavily taxed as the other. He would do all he could to prevent anything like the taxation proposals of the Government becoming tbe law of the land, and it was the duty of all those who had the welfare of the colony at heart to follow this course. Mr. WHIN HAM would oppose the taxation scheme of the Government— {Hear, bear) — but not because of its want of compre hensiveness or its adaptability fcr raising money in a fair and equitablo way from all classes of the community. (The Chief Secretary — ' Hear, hear.') He did not look upon it in the same light as Mr. Rounsevell, who depicted in harrowing language the wrongs that the widow and orphan and others would suffer ; or in the light of Mr. Mattinson, who stated that the tax would be a Lurden to thif capitalists, and that the working man would be free from it. What would be the effect of this taxation scheme? Would the (apitalists have to bear this? He said de c'dedly not. (Hear, hear.) When an ad valorem duty was paid on goods it was the consumer who had to pay ; and in the same way, when an impost was placed on capital, the borrower would have to pay, or the working man, who was the representative of dormant capital. Capital had a standard value all over the world, and when an impost was placed upon it in any country the inte rest would be increased, and ultimately the burden would come upon the working men. lie objected to tbe taxation scheme because it was the outcome of an extravagant system— iliear, hear)— and it would retard tbe progress and development of this country. He would place before the House two pictures — those of an economic and an extravagant man. The economic man husbanded his strength and resources, and, guided by sound commercial principles, lived within his means, and not above them. Under the banner of economy this fair land would be much richer, as new industries would be carried on and the general prosperity would be gi eater. The other picture was that of the extravagant man, who had no system and no policy, but was always borrowing, and to this man he would liken our past Govern ments. (Mr. Rounsevell— ' The present Govern ment') Past and present Governments he would say. The Government had been most extravagant and lavish in tbe past, and be thought it was time for us to try an economical system. He would point to the lavish expenditure ou the Port and Sema phore line, which amounted to £287,000, or upwards of £30,000 per mile. The cost of the Kapunda line has also been very great, and large sums of money had been wasted over the Murray Bridge— (Hear, hear)— the Strathalbyn and Victor Harbour Rail way, and the Victor Harbour Breakwater. He might also refer to the jetty at Beachport, which might ha\e been erected for half the amount it had cost. At the present time we spent £200,000 upon roads in connection with Road Boards and District Councils, and be thought that this expenditure might very well be stopped now, seeing that the roads necessary for opening up che country in the first instance bad been made, and the Go vernment were pushing out railways in every direc tion. He suggested that we should save this £200,C00, and allow the maintenance of these roads to fall upon the owners of property. This he thought would be a fair and equitable adjustment, and he hoped the House would favourably consider the The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) said tbat if every hon. member followed the example of Messrs. Bright and Whinham, and introduced pet schemes, they would end by doing nothing, as in years past; but if hon. members were sincerely anxious to place the burden of taxation upon the capitalists of this country they could not do better than support tbe Government scheme, moderate it as they might. Of course every taxation scheme had been moderated in that House, and he had made considerable improvements in tbe schemes of other Governments before they left the House ; but even then they bad not reached the standard of the other branch of the Legislature. (Laughter.) They bad now come to the question as to whether they should tax the capitalists or not : and he asked hon. mem bers not to be led away by the scheme which had been suggested of taxing land alone irrespective of improvements, as it was altogether impracticable. This scheme was suggested by the Iieyister, tasen up and turned about by Mr. Rounsevell, ridiculed by tbe Hon. T. Playford, and swallowed by the Hon. J. Colton. (Laughter.) Now, Mr. Whinhain had put the thing fairly enough— namely, that if they knocked on the grant-in-aid to Pistrict Councils' they did not want taxation. He agreed with this ; but were hon. members prepared to agree to the proposal to knock off these grantsin aid? (No.) The Government were not prepared to do so, as they believed tbat the Cor porations and District Councils had done good work in the colony, and that it was the policy of the Government to support this expenditure. The hon. member had submitted the true state of the case, and that was that either pro perty must be taxed or the grants-in-aid must be dene away. The hon. member had stated that the Governments had been extravagant, but he would find out, as other new members had done, that the representatives of the people of the colony, and tbe people themselves, would not be satisfied to have the .whole of the public works stopped and the aid to the District Councils done away with. If they were going to try economical government of the colony, and wer* not going to carry out improvements such as had been made in the past, the country would not have it, and the Government took the other position. They said, ' We will have all these improvements and public works, and make those who have the money contribute something towards the cost of them.' It was all nonsense to say tbat this tax would affect tbe poor man. The poor men did not complain of the proposal — (The Hon. J. Colton — ' They don't understand it') — but it was the capitalists who complained of every proposal for the taxation of property, and the threat was held out that if property were taxed they would charge higher rente, and so on, and the working man would really have to pay the tax. This was all nonsense, as if they adopted an all-round system of taxation such as that proposed by the Government, the owners of land and the owners of other property would have to pay. The Govern ment existed for the protection of life and pro perty ; and while those who had no property paid through tbe Customs for the protection of their lives, those who had property should pay something more for the protection of life and property. It was not the vacant land tbat needed pro tectioni and tbat caused the construction of main roads and other public works ; but- it was when the land became occupied that the ex penditure referred to was necessary, and the occu piers of the land should pay something towards the taxation. The system of land taxation sug gested by tbe Hon. J. Colton was a mere sham, and bad no existence that he know of inany civilized country ;in the world. He felt satisfied that it would never do, as the details would be found most difficult to work out. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' No one can understand your details.') He thought the hon. member understood them too well. He knew that he was not one of those who would be exempted. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' My plan would tax me more heavily than yours.') Be was glad to hear the hon. member say so. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' I do not look to myself as you do.') He would be very foolish if he did not look after himself, as a man wbo did not take care of himself was not of much use. The hon. member had taken good care of himself ; he only wished he was a patch upon the hon. member. (Laughter ; and the Hon. J. Colton — 'I take care of otherpeopletoo.') He was glad to hear that he did ; that was a new feature, but it was one that might grow. (Laughter.). He asked the House to say that the acknowledged leader of tbe Opposition — he supposed the hon. member was— (The Hon. J. Colton—' Do not you know who is ?'-—should at least take care of his figures. He told the House with regard to the Terowie and Pichirichi Railway£that the estimated cost was £400,000 and that the actual cost was £100.000 less. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'I did not pre tend to give the exact figures.') Now, he found from the last Loan Estimates that the estimate amounted to £700,000. (The Hon. J. Colton—' H it was it was an absolutely ridiculous esti mate.') The estimate was not made during the time the present Government was in office. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' I did not say it was.') Tbe hon. member should be patient, (is be had very patiently listened to the hon. member when he was speaking. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'I have been very patient with you.' Laughter.) The hon. member would have to be more patient still. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' I am afraid so.' Laughter.) The ' estimate was made at the time that the rails were quoted at £11 per ton, while when they were purchased they only cost £7 13s. per ton, and thus a saving of £42,000 was effected on the rails alone. He was sure bon. members would ac knowledge tbat tbe estimate should be made according to tbe market price of rails at the time, and it was satisfactory to know that such a large saving had been effected. Forty thousand pounds was put down in the Estimates for contingencies, and that was not a very large amount, and he might also mention that the next to the lowest tender was £o2,000 higher than that which was accepted. Now, where they found men whose business it was to go in for these contracts differing to tbe extent of £50, (XX) in their tenders he thought it would be acknowledged that the estimate of the Engineer-in-Chief was not unreasonable. He was sure the hon. member would acknowledge that the estimate was not excessive. There ivas a balance of £65,000 on the Government Gums line, and there the same thing applied to a great extent as in the case of the other line. The estimate was made when the rails were £110 a ton, and the cost was much less, the saving being jECO.OCO. Then there was a sniall balance from tha Tatisra Railway, and it was well known that this was tbe cheapest line ever made in the colony. Tbe hon. member had 'said that the Gcrcermaent had underestimated the revenue, and he wonld admit if tbe House said that tbe Government were to frame the estimate on the expectation that there would be a good harvest — (No, no)— that the estimate was too low. The Government had done nothing to underestimate tbe revenue, but had wished it to be placed at the amount that might reasonably be expected from it (The Hon. J. Colton— ' A six-bushel harvest would give you what I said.') He hoped and believed that we were going to have one of the best harvests we ever had ; but they could not undulv increase tbe estimate of revenue on this account The hon. member had estimated that with a six-bushel harvest they would get £10,000 mere, and with an eigbt-bushel harvest £20,000 from railways. The amount set down for railways last year was £486,000, and this year it was raised to £533 000 This estimate was prepared by the Traffic Manager, and although the Treasurer did not alter the estimates of. his officers be accepted the responsibility of the estimates and he was satisfied that they were a3 nearly aa possible correct It would be wrong of any Govern ment to wilfully underestimate the revenue, but it was far better to have estimates upon which the ex perienced officers could rely rather than those altered to suit the views of the Government There had been no desire to overestimate the expenditure oi to underestimate the revenue, but the Govern ment wished to place before the Some. the. fa'-reat S was sure he^«Ut i^tinK thVservice, but srafssss .^nt£1iaT year^nd & an— set' tt ilr this year. Of this extra amoTnt tto nSSS Railway line swallowed up £12,000, as the worklni of the line for a few montns was all vhat was pro vided far last year. Of course, they took tho main tenaix-e out of the loan. Tho hon. ineuihur bad spoken abou 1 1 he relaying of the Northern line and tha amount set down— £15,000— for this work, and had suggested that it might fairly bo reduced by £5,00} Nuw this was a work which it was absolutely nucai. sary to carry out to allow of the tr.iQic being pro jK-rly carried on. At present delays took place in the running of trains owiDg to the fact that thoy could not use the heaviest engines on tho line between Kiverton and the Burra. There were about forty miles to be relaid altogether, and the work would cost about £l.CO0 per mile. Last year tbe Tieasurer proposed to transfer £40,000 or £50,000 from the balances of loans for the purpose of carrying out this work, but the House objected to this and the Government bad to put £10,000 down on the Estimates of last year, lie proposed to spend £15,C0O, and as the rails for tbe whole distance to bo relaid were being bought, the £15,C00 might bo said to bo virtually spent already. Tbe Government might fairly have asked for inore money instead of leas; but they felt that it was desirable to spread tho expenditure over two or three years. Then they came to the subject of the revenue from waterworks ; but as there was a very small amount in question he Mould not dwell on it. The hon. member bad stated that the Government ought to have put down £100,000 more for land sales. Last year the Government put down a good deal more than they realized— (llear, bear)— :inil thij year they could have put down a larcor amount if thoy liau felt disposed to force tbe sale of land for cash, but tLat was not the policy of the Government. Befora the Hon. C. Mann was Treasurer ho Hiiid that nothing was easier than to nnko botli ends meet, as when you found you were in difficulties you could put another £100,000 down for land sales. (Laughter.) The Hon. T. Playford had not stated that unother £100,000 could be put down for land, sales, but, on the other hand, he qucbtioncd whether some of the amounts would be realized. (The lion. J. Colton—' Tha Treasurer said that with a good harvest you would gut half a million.') No, be did not say that. The hon. member liked to be fair, but he got excited. What the Treasurer did say was — 'I spoke to both Mr. Jones and Mr. Borrow on that point, and they both assured me I might rely on getting that amount. They said that, supposing every one car ried out his contract for completing bis purchase, tbe amount this year would be two or three times as much.' That was if everybody paid up in cash we would|get half a million; but wo know as a matter of fact that many of tho .selectors were coming under thu new Act, and extending tue terms of payment. If they got a goad crop they had their liabilities to pay, and there wm no reasonable hope of petting £100,000 from these land salu*. TLen the Hon. Mr. Colton hadfeaid there was £1,000 too much down in reference to the Permanent Force. Well, he admitted we had only nineteen or twenty men, but we could not get inort) till we bad a place to put them. The ColonelCom mandant recommended that a reserve should he built on North-teriace ; but as the site for thu Ex hibition had now been fixed tbe (iovorninonl thought it would be wise not to do so at present. However, the amount was a suiall.one, and did not show a desire on the part of the Government to unduly increaso the Estimates. He would point nut, too, that Mr. Rounsevell said it would be absolutely wicked for the Government to transfer money frou* the Loan Fund towards tho Exhibition. Well, it must either be borrowed or taken out of the revenue, and if taken out of the revenue £30,000 should be put down for the purpose. There was no necessity for borrowing the money, for, as the Treasurer had pointed out, there was money which had been borrowed for rail ways which had been legitimately saved in the purchase of rails which coula be fairly used for the Exhibition purposes; and he thought the House would say that it could, be used as the Trea surer haa suggested. Mr. Bright had paid the greatest possible compliment to the property tax when he said there was no getting away froui it. It showed that the Government had been very suc cessful in putting the matter fairly before the House,} and that the tax was just what they in tended it to be. (Laughter.) The lion, member said, ' You do not .get at doctors and lawyers,' and seemed to think those particular persons would never have property over £5C0 to tax. There were provident and improvident doctors and lawyers ; but as a class neither of them -were men about whom it could be said that they had saved nothing, and there would be few who would mind paying under the tax the Government pro posed. As far us the details of the taxation were concerned, they would be more properly discussed when the two Bills were before boii. members. The Government asked tho llousu to agree to a direct tax on real and personal pro perty, excepting every man who bad not £500. Under this lax those uion — and there were many of them — with an allotment and a cottage would have to pay nothing —(Hear, hear) — whereas, under a land tax, they would have to pay as well as other people. Under the Government scheme those who had the means would have to pay the most ; and although the Government did not propose it, there was a good deal in the suggestion of the Hon. Mr. Carr that the tax should increase in proportion tj the indi vidual. (Hear, bear.) And he would tell capitalists that if they were not contout to accept a simple scheme like that no\y proposed, in which the burdens wore distributed in accordance with the means, the other would be proposed and would receive considerable support. In his opinion the suggestion to tax land without improvements was impracticable and unreasonable. If it were at tempted the land would have to pay an enormous tax. The value of the squatter's land, without dams and wells, would be nothing at all, aud the tax would enable the wealthiest n.en in the colony to escape from paying, and would not be the means of freeing those who had very little of this world's goods, fl'he Hon. J. Colton — ' Are yougoing to tax dams'/') The Government were going to tax the value of the land with improvements. Whatever it might be worth the market value would have to be paid. It had been said by some free-trade members who never before said a word in favour of colonial industries—' You will affect coloniti.' industries if you do that.' These men who said ' Remove the tax from agricultural machinery because it inter feres with the operation of freo trade,' now said ' Save us from the penny in the pound.' It was childish. He asked hon. members to determine during this session whether we should go on getting the bulk of our taxation through the Customs ; whether hard-working men and men with moderate means should have to pay through the Customs in proportion to themselves and their families, while many wealthy men were exempt from taxation. (Hear, bear.) If the object of the Government was to protect life and property let them make men pay for the protection of property by some such scheuio as that suggested. lie was aony to bear Mr. Colon dictate to Mr. Dixson as to how he should vote on this question. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members came to the House to do what was best, and he objected to one hon. memoer telling another that because a certain meeting bad been held he was to do what he was told. (Mr. Coles— 'He can answer for him Belf.') If the Government scheme wore to succeed, let it succeed on its merits ; and if it weie to fail, let it fail on its merits ; but let not one hon. mem ber tell another that he waa to take a cortain course because hia constituents uaid so. (llear, hear.) He asked hon. members to say that tho Estimates of Expenditure could not be fairly, re duced. Neither the House nor the country would allow public workB to bo stopped, and they would not sanction the abolition of the grant-in-ald. Let them decide on what was tho best means of taxation for the country. (Cheers.) Mr. NEWLAND said he agreed with the general principles of the Treasurers scheme, but thought that the details would requiro some modifi cation. Hon. members would know that he bad opposed the expenditure of a large sum of money in the case of the new Parliament Houses, ami had suggested that the Transcontinental Railway nhould be made on the land-grant system ; and ho believed that if his opposition in these cases had been successful there would have been no necessity for the present taxation proposals. He looked forward with a considerable amount of apprehension to the near futm-e, because we had been spending such an enormous amount of money without providing for the payment of the interest. Our exports had been falling oft', and the development of the interior dill not progress; indeed, if we had received a fair rental for our pastoral land the colony would have been in a much more prosperous condition at the present time. He thought the Estimates could be considerably cut down, not to the extent mentioned by Mr. Tomkinaon, but probably to the amount pro posed by the Hon. Mr. Colton. He was in favour of the amount for immigration, and hon. memberd knew that he had moved in the matter in the two previous sessions. It was a significant fact that the Legislative Councilof Victoria Uadpassedare3olution without a division in favour of thu resumption of immigration. He thought a special officer should be appointed to receive immigrants, and that depots should be formed in various parts of the colony, so tbat agricultural labourers could be sent to agri cultural districts and miners to mining districts This would prevent trouble to the people whenthey arrived. He was surprised tho Treasurer said nothing about retrenchment, because, although he admitted that taxation waa necessary, it would, have obviated to a great extent the ncceBBifcy for a general Bjstamjsuch as thatj proposed. There was no doubt that a land tax was in favour throughout the country, and many constituents considered a property tax should go with it. Ha did say, however, that it should not go on the accumulated funds of the Provident Societies, and he was glad the Government Ileui agreed to this modification. He thought the plant on farms and stations should be- exempt from, taxation,, and household furniture and thing* of tbat description should also be free. Ho coufl. not see bow the Hon. Mr. Colton's scheme was less inquisitorial than the Government proposal, for he had always been led to believe that the income tax was the most inquisitorial one that could bo brought about He undenitood that the hon. member's scheme would press unduly on the landowners, for they would havfi to pay under the District Councils and Corporations, by a land tax and an income tax —(The Hon. J. Colton— 'No, not income tax')— and he maintained that tbe scheme would tax some people wbo had incomes of nay £700, but weru very poor, as they had to keep up appearances. Ha bad quite expected the hon. member to propose a tax on beer, and he thought there were strong reasons why such a tax should be imposed, for the brewers were let off very lightly in Customs duties. In Queensland the duty on malt was Cd. per buahel ; barley, 6d. per bushel : and hops, 20. per lb.; New South Wales— ioalt,;cd. per bushel; hops, 3d. per lb.; New Zealand— malt, 2s. per bushel ; hops, lid. per lb.; and beer, 3d. a gallon ; Tasmania-malt, Is. per bushel ; bops, Sd. per lb.; and beer, 3d. per gallon ; Victoria— malt, 3s. per bushel ; hops, Od. per lb.; South Australia — malt, Cd. per buiihel ; bops, 3d. per b. So tbat the brewers of SouthAuatraliaware mure avoured than those in any of the other colonies. He bad been told that 800,000 hogsheads of beer were brewed annually in tb* colony. (No.) Well, he thought 150,000 would be about tbe quantity. That at 2d. a gallon would be £07,000, and even at Id. would be £33,000, and it would be very easy to collect it Then he was in favour of a stamp iax, but as there was ao chance of that being carriwd he would rot dwell on it. Be would support the Government scheme with modifications. Mr. DIXSON said aa he had already spoken on the question be would have be*n silent but for the unseemly exhibition made by bis colleague. (Laughter.) He might say he bad. been sympathised with on all hands on having to put up with such unpleasant conduct. He had never dictated to Mr. Cole3, and be could hardly forgive biai for the way in which U& had dictated to him. (Mr. Coles— 'I told you to be truo to your pledge ; tfcut's all.') Tbe bon. member told tho Government he bop^d if they were defeated on the taxation proposal they would u&t; RQ out of offictf. (Mr. Coles— 'I told you so, too.') He was prepared to admit that his constituents told him that They told the hon. member that they were a good Go vernment, and under no circumstances were to be turned out. He looked upon the hon. member as a political sundowner — for the sundowner went about all day looking for work and praying to God he might not get it, and Mr. Coles went about saying he hoped the Government would not resist!, but prayed all night that they might go out. (Laughter.) Mr. Coles had given him advice as to the course he should pursue in order to hold the continued esteem of his constituents, and he might say that the hon. member was espe cially fitted to advise on this subject. He was an old resident of the District of Light, and as an auc tioneer he travelled over the whole of it, got to know all the electors, and was chosen to represent the district ; but after being in the House for threo years he was afraid to go and face his constituents. (Mr. Coles— 'That is not true.') He was as am bitious at that time as he was now, but he did not face hi3 constituents again ; and they elected Mr. Carroll. He did not see any reason why hon. members who differed in their opinions could not work together for the beneSt of their constituents. (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer and the Hon. Mr. Hawker, who represented Vic toria, were on the best of terms— he had never heard an unkind word passed between them ; and the Attorney- General and Mr Basedow, who repre sented Barossa, were like birds in their little nests, always agreeing. It would afford him the greatest of pleasure if no occasion of difference had arisen between his colleague and himself ; but when Mr. Coles stood up to lecture him on his duty to his constituents and the course he was to pursue he would simply say he resented his arrogance. There was a sort of historical meeting at Kapunda of which they had heard. He received a telegram, giving no details, from the Mayor of Kapunda, but informing him that there was to be a meeting on Monday night to consider the taxation proposals As the Mayor had been one of his warmest sup porters he thought it was his duty to attend the meeting; but had he known the history of that meeting he would have done no such thing. The hon. member Mr. Coles was mighty rough on the Protectionists at the last election— he went in for wiping out local industries. (Mr. Coles—' I did nothing of the sort.') At any rate, the electors of Light thought so, and Mr. Coles got very few Pro tectionist votes. But now he was going cap-in-hand to them promising everything. All he could say to the manufacturers and artisans of Kapunda ?was to repeat the old Latin proverb, which meant — ' I fear the Greeks when they bring presents.' He would say that if an amendment were moved on the first item he would vote with the Government. If the taxation proposals were brought in he would confer farther with his constituents. He went to the District of Light a perfect stranger, and was re turned even above Mr. Coles. (Mr. Coles—' By four votes.') Whether it was four or forty did . not matter. The fact remained that he, a perfect stranger, was able to defeat an hon. member who had been so many years in the district ; and he felt that when a number of thegentlemen who supported him said the proposals of the Government would press heavily on them, he was bound to give that the utmost consideration. He held that a member of Parliament should be in sympathy with his con stituents, and if he felt he could not be so it was his dutyto resign. (Mr. Bounse veil— 'What i3 his duty to the colony?7) The colony did not elect him. It was the District of Light which returned him, believing he would pursue a certain course ; and if he found they were mistaken in this, and that he ?was now out of sympathy with them, he would only be doing his duty in resigning the trust they had given him. That was the course he would pursue. It had been said in the papers — and he was not prepared to say it was entirely incorrecu — that he had said that if a land and income tax were pro posed he would snpport it. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'Hear, hear.') He had always been a strong advo cate for an adjustment of the incidence of taxation, and though he preferred a property tax to an in come and land tax, if the proposals of the Government were rejected he would go for a land and income tax. But, as Mr. Cole3 had said, he was bound hand and foot to vote against the Government proposals, he would say that he in tended to confer with those who elected him — not ?with those who opposed him— and if he could not bring them to what he thought was reasonable he would resign his seat. Mr. COLES was exceedingly sorry he had offended his colleague by simply drawing his atten tion to the meeting held in Kapunda and the resolu tions passed, which he had pronased to support in that House. His colleague had not only expressed his dissent, but had said that he had received the sympathy of several hon. members at the remarks he (Mr. Coles) had made. He would tell the hon. member that not only that day, but ever since he \- had been in the House, he had received the sympathy \- of hon. members at having such a colleague — \- (laughter)— and only that day hon. members had said they sympathized with him, and could not tell how he managed to get along with him. He candidly confessed that he had great difficulty, though he had never slighted him or failed to con sult him on all matters affecting the district. The hon. member had referred to the tinra when he (Mr. Coles) did not come forward as a candidate for a seat in the House. The reason was a private one, and not for a moment because he was not likely to be returned. On the contrary, he was pressed to stand, and could he have done so he felt sure he would have been returned. The hon. member had said he (Mr. Dixson) was returned when a stranger by the District of Light. Perhaps he would not have been returned if the electors had known him better. (Laughter.) He was sorry to trouble the House with a personal squabble, and he wonld pro bably not have made the remarks he had made but for the fact that Mr. Dixson hinted to him in the train that he felt he would have to go in opposition to his constituents. Mr. LANDSEEE agreed with the Treasurer that there was some cause for congratulation that the finances of the colony were not worse off than they actually were. Indeed, considering the bad season we had had, he was struck by thi3 thought— that the Estimates must have been badly compiled. Customs, for example, after having been revised to the amount of £33,000, yielded a surplus beyond the estimate of £3,000, and that, too, in a bad year. As far as the Customs Convention with New South Wales was concerned, even if there was a loss of £11,000, it was not fair to speak of it as an absolute loss. We had thirty or forty teams running con stantly from Terowie, and a great many from Hawker and the Burra, and a good deal of the stuff taken by them found its way into New South Wales. He had taken out the exports sent from this colony to New South Wales, via the River Murray, during the twelve months ended June 30, 18S3. They were as follows :— '.South Australian Produce.— Bran and pollard, 174J3 tons, value £1,300 ; flour, l,365Jg tons, £17,631 ; oa'ts, 4,706 bushels, £S55 ; wheat, 1,625 bushels, £414 ; hay and chaff, 2,005.',, tons, £11,513 ; jam, 362,302 lb., £9,529 ; wines, 20,914 gallons, £5,931 ; unenumerated articles, £S,S32 ; total value, £56,016. Foreign Produce.— Dried fruits, 2S7,83S lb., £6,470 ; iron, 2,886.';, tons, £57,047 ; machinery, £6,400 ; sugar, 18,662 cwt., £25,279; tea, 150,776 lb., £9,360; tobacco, 47,841 lb., £5,826; unenume rated articles, £187,461; total value, £297,843.' If hon. members looked at these figures they would agree with him that it was hardly fair to speak of the £11,000 as a positive loss, as this trade was of great value to our merchants and manufacturers. He regretted with the Treasurer that it was not on a better footing, and that the New South Wales Government would not place a Customs officer at Thackaringa or on the Albert gold-fields. New South Wales nad generally treated us with courtesy, and he hoped she would do so yet in this matter. Victoria was ready to do her best to foster the river trade by giving drawbacks and so on, and he hoped this colony would take advantage of her position in the matter. In reference to the land revenue, some grievous mistakes had been made, particularly in the Act last year, and the way it had been administered, so that moneyed men had been able to take up land by means of dummies, and thus to eventually increase their large freeholds by getting at £1 Os. 6d- per acre land which was worth far more. Had the Land Act of last session been administered by the Commissioner of Crown Lands as it ought to have been — or as it would have been had it been in reference to his own property — there ?would not have been such cause for complaint. He was glad to find such a good revenue frcm railways, though here again there was a want of discretion in the Estimates, which had been more than realized in spite of a bad harvest. As regarded immigration, there was not ^much fault to hnd, except that too many of the new-comers arrived in whiter, when work was scarce. It was a matter for regret, no doubt, that the population of the colony did not increase more, especially as the colonial deot was increasing so much faster ; but he did not blame young men of energy for going to the other colonies where there were goid-fields, where they might earn a few hundred pounds readily. He next came to the matter of the Exhibition, and he had expressed his views in dissent to that pro posal. It was a pity that we had started such an ' undertaking, and it was a very strange fact that a scheme of taxation should be submitted coincident with the suggestion to hold an International Exhi bition. Our products were limited and well known, but as.he had put his hand to the plough he did not intend to draw back now. (Hear, near.) He hoped, therefore, that the Exhibition would turn out as successful as its most sanguine supporter wished it to be. He heard that it was proposed to pull down the Police Bairacks on North-terrace, and he could not see why they should not be utilized in some way or other rather than be totally done away with. It appeared to him that the Estimates of Expendi ture were overladen, and he was rather astonished to hear the Treasurer state that he proposed this year to SDend £124,000 more than last year. He doub ted ?very much whether we could expend that amount in excess without Uoinc great harm to the producing interests. If we had a fair year a great injustice would be done to manufactures and other industries if £124,000 was forced into the market. In com. paring the Estimates of last year, and comparing them on tha same basis as that adopted by the Treasurer with the Estimates of this year, he must state his opinion that^he believed he would receive more than he expected to get. The revenue^ for railways was very much under-estimated, especially if we had anything like a good season ; while he quite agreed that a larger sum might have been set down to the credit of our waterworks. Again, the estimate for land sales was altogether too small, and he believed the Commissioner of Crown Lands would find that he would receive some £50,000 or £60,000 more from land than was set down here. In considering taxation he thought they ought to con sider the Northern Territory, and he was'sure that the Treasurer would say with him in regard to that part of our colony that it was not the white elephant it was once considered to bo. He felt certain that it would be a most prolific land, and that in the future South Australia, instead of having the Territory as representing a loss, would find that she would receive great benefit from it. He thought they ought to Bear that in mind when considering the unpleasant subject of taxation. He thought it would be a fatal thing to pass the proposals of the Treasurer. The colony did not require such a scheme of taxation, anil there was no reason why they should take as a guide this pamphlet which the Treasurer had referred to. To his mind the colony was being driven into taxation by the reck less expenditure upon public works. There was one railway of 150 miles in length about to be con structed, where by travelling nine miles further, and spending a quarter of an hour more on the journey, they could not only find a better route but save £100,000 to the country. (Mr. Rees— ' What Is the railway 5') The proposed Border line. (Mr. Bees— 'We have had all that before.') He did not care. He had a duty to perform, and he intended to do it. The description of the line showed that the earthworks and bridges were of the heaviest character, and that some of the cuttings were seventy feet high, so that it was no wonder that the work cost so much. He did not think South Australia was in such a position that it could afford to spend £100,000 more tlian was necessary in order that onr engineering skill might be displayed, and to save a quarter of an hour in the time of the journey. He would like to say a few words upon this species of taxation, and he coald not for the life ot tum follow the Treasurer in his proposals. He 2**e. ab«ut simplicity, but there was not much VTC aty to be found in this pamphlet riving details of the scheme. Hon. members, on referring to that JwS-h? d isee tnat i4 wouU not °e an in ^oSS?, system- We would require all kinds et officiate, assessors, various .Boards, and re viewers, and other things in connection with them. The book showed that the tax wonld be as inquisi torial as any income tax. (Mr. Coglin— 'It is inquisitorial, but it ought to be that.' Laughter.) The adoption of the tax would be most prejudicial to our interests. Goods would be taxed upon their arrival here, they would be taxed when they got into the merchant's warehouse, and again when they passed on to the storekeeper. If it became old stock it would be further taxed, and if it were sold and went into other properties it would be taxed for evermore. Anything which would tax property was a bad thing, and yet the whole effect of this tax would be to do that. In that way capital would be kept out of the colony, and that would be a most undesirable thing. The House adjourned for an hour for dinner. On resuming-, Mr. LANDSEER said he wished to point out how dangerous it would be to touch capital imported into, the colony. To his mind the vitality of the country depended on our being liberal to any one wishing to introduce capital, for by imported money the speiulative man was enabled to enter into new industries and enterprises, and the first to benefit by them was the working man. He had no doubt the active mind of the artisan had already looked through the proposals of the Treasurer and seen that they were likely to be prejudicial to his best interests. If a property tax were passed goods wonld be sparingly imported, for they would be taxed as stock while they remained on the merchant's hands, so that a compara tive scarcity would soon arise. He considered an income tax fair and reasonable. A land tax was also reasonable, because the millions of money borrowed had given an enhanced value to land both in town and country. He felt disposed to support an income tax, because it would fall upon the successes a man had achieved in business and not on the investments on which he might sustain a Ios3. The system pro posed by the Treasurer was complicated, and there was no necessity at this juncture of our history to go into anything so serious. He was not prepared to take a gloomy view of financial matters, because he thought we were really on the turn, but he would be ready to support a land and income tax if necessary. Mr. H. E. DOWNEE said he would not venture to go into the details of the Estimates after tha waytin which they had been treated- by the high financial authorities of the House, but there were one or two points on which he ventured to differ from some hon. members. The House had been told that a large amount of money might be saved by retrenchment, but so far as bis observation went neither the present Ministry flor their predecessors had ventured upon any substantial retrenchment in the administration of the Government. The Morgan Government had increased the hours of labour of the Government officers, and one wonld have thought hat if the working power were increased there ought to have been a corresponding decrease in the cost ; but no retrenchment was pro posed. He presumed that the work had increased, ana that the Government had seen that the Service was not overmanned, and so no retrenchment could be looked for in this direction. It was also suggested that they should strike off the vote for immigration and the grants in aid to District Councils and Corporations ; but he would ask which hon. members would be prepared to go to their constituents and state that they were in favour of striking off the grants to District Councils and Corporations? (Hear, hear.) He ven tured to say that the grant was very wisely appro priated, as it would otherwise be impossible to maintain the roads of the colony. They could not afford to retrench in this direction, and he ventured to say that they could not do away with the vote for immigration, as if we could not get a sufficient number of assisted immigrants we must import labour to enable us to carry on public works. It seemed to be admitted that some taxation was necessary, and he understood that hon. members should take a broad view of any taxation proposals introduced by the Government, and discuss them on their merits, irrespective of the occupants of the Ministerial (benches. He did not know who was the leader of the Opposition ; but the members on that side of the House appeared to be scarcely unanimon s. One leader of the Opposition (the Hon. J. Colton), who had posed before the House in several ways during the last two sessions, amongst other things as the father of the ^Government, was bold enough to enunciate a policy. The question of taxation bad been discussed over and over again during late years, but none of them had been sage enough to arrive at the same conclusion as the Hon. J. Colton, namely, that an income tax was less in quisitorial than a property tax. TJnles3 the subject were looked at through; the clouded vision of the Opposition nobody could arrive at such a conclusion, because, whether the tax was derived from income or property, there must be a careful enquiry, and both uses were equally inquisitorial. (Hear, hear.) Now,' so far °as he could understand from the Hon. J. Colton's scheme, the income tax was to be a tax upon the total income that a man received;; and if, all his money were invested in land, and he received his income from it, not only was the income taxed, but the man's profits were further re duced by a tax upon his land, and the man was really to be taxed twice over. (The Hon. J. Colton — '? No'; you have not the details.') Of course that was always the excuse when difficulties were raised. Taxation was not a pleasant subject to dis cuss, but when tbose who were opposing the Government proposal stood forward as the champions of the working men, and stated that this extra taxation would practically fall upon the work ing men, dust was being thrown in the eyes of the working men so that they might be unable to see that the object of the tax was to compel the owners of capital and property to con tribute their fair share to the revenue. There had been a great deal of talk about adjusting the inci dence of taxation, but this could never be effected until they had such a scheme as would place the taxation upon the wealthy classes, who now con tributed almost nothing to the revenue. (Hear, hear.) The working man contributed more than his fair share through the Custo-ns. He consumed as much of the articles necessary to life as the wealthy man ; and though the wealthy man might spend pore in the luxuries of life, what was his income as com pared with that of the working man ? (The Hon. T. Playford — 'lax his income, then.' Mr. Coles — ' You are forgetting that on this.') He was not like Mr. Coles, who wanted to forget one of the sides ; but there was one small party in the House who were invariably on one side when the Govern ment proposed anything. There seemed to be one opinion that land should be taxed, and he quite agreed with that opinion. But he thought that if a man was content to make 5 per cent, on his land, and had to pay a tax on it, the man who invested in merchandise or shares and made 15 per cent, should also contribute his fair share to the revenue of the country. (Mr. Playford — ' Hear, hear.') Land should, perhaps, pay more than anything else, because it derived most benefit from the development of the country; but ha failed to see why the improvements on the land should not be taxed. The Hon. Mr. Colton had approached the subject of improvements in a gingerly way_. He had been reading a leader in the Remster, which went for a Jand tax pure and simple, and there was not that perfect logical conclusion flowing from that which the hon. member would like, because there was no doubt the land with the improvements would produce a larger income than the land without the improvements. Then it was said that this tax would press on the tenant. He thought, however, that it wonld be a question of supply and demand. If the land were taxed and the tenant could not make a sufficient income from it, not only to pay the rental but sufficient for the support of his family and leave a profit, the rent must be reduced, and therefore it was absurd to say the tax must come out of the tenant's pocket. He would be sorry if, as had been suggested, the result of the tax should be to ruin the manufacturing industries of the colony, as he thought we should foster and encourage our industries, to provide more sources of income. But he considered that if the man who started a manufactory found that the profits from the investment were not suffi cient to pay the interest on the total amount of capital investei he wonld gradually but surely draw out of the investment. The Chief Secretary had pointed out what the effect of not taxing improve ments on property would be. It was self-evident that it was non- productive, and if by the expendi ture of capital on it it became of increased value, and produced a larger amount of revenue, the capital which had been invested had been invested for the purpose of producing increased revenue, and was therefore fairly a matter for taxation. He had told his constituents that he thought the fairest system of taxation was an j income tax — (laughter)— and when the taxation proposals were before the House he would endeavour to see that no class escaped the payment of fair taxation. It had been said that doctors and lawyers, and other professional men, would not contribute their fair quantum to tie revenue. Well, the pro fessional man, whose income was solely derivable from his brain, should not contribute so much as the man whose income was partly from his intelligence, but largely from capital invested in his business. Still they should pay a fair share. (Mr. Coglin — 'Would you tax a lawyer?') He would as soon tax a lawyer as any other member of the community ?who had property or income which fairly came within the scope of taxation. As to the general principle that property real and personal would contribute to the revenue, the Treasurer should have his hearty support ; and he would also assist in introducing something that would prevent any class escapingtaxation. Mr. BaSEDOW said the question of taxation had been brought before every hon. member at the last elections, and seeing that this was tha list session of the present Parliament, and all agreed that taxation in some form was necessary, he hoped they would not go before the country without having dealt with the matter— (Hear, hear) —and that it would not be made a party question. The Government scheme at the first blush seemed a fair one, and in some respects it was a good one ; but on studying Mr. Crombie'3 pamphlet it would be found that the scheme could not be carried out, and that exceptions would have to be made. (Mr. Bounsevell— 'In fact another scheme.') He thought the tax on the value of the land was very fair, and that a tax on land with improvements was fair enough, although some exceptions would have to be made. If personal property were taxed there would have to be still more exceptions made. He did not see, though, why a great deal of it should not be taxed, or otherwise we should require an income tax. (Hear, hear.) Personally he had always advocated a property and income tax combined if the income tax could be carried out without too much inquisition. (Hear, hear.) It was admitted that there was no better tax than the income tax, and the only objection to it was that no one liked his private affairs looked into. On reading Mr. Crombie's pamphlet, however, it strn:k him that the inquisi tion was just as bad as in connection with an in come tax— -Mr. Rounsevell — 'Far worse') — and if that were the case he would prefer an income tax. When it came to the question of personal property he would exempt struggling industries that did not yield a profit, and which any additional tax would crush at once. Several important industries would suffer extremely if everything were taxed, especially manufactures of implements, for which thefwood had to be bought and seasoned years before being used. He would be against everything that would hamper thrift and industry. As to the tax itself, he thought Id. in the pound was more than we should introduce at the beginning. As a general rule the Corporations and District Conn dls taxed the value of the property and then made a calculation of 5 per cent, per annum, and took that as the annual value. If 5 per cent, were reckoned the Government tax wonld amount to SI per cent; or if the annual value were taken as 6 per cent, on the value of the property, it would still come to 7 per cent. .He would, therefore, be in clined to substitute three farthings or a halfpenny if that would be sufficient, and supplement it with another tax. For instance, he did not see why there should not be a tax on beer. If Mr. John son were correct, 300,000 hogsheads of beer was consumed in the colony in the year, and if twopence a gallon were charced on that it would bring a handsome revenue, and would not bear on the working classes. It was known that those publicans who were not bound down to brewers could get their teer at £1 less than the others. This showed that the brewers charged too much, and if Qs. a cask of that were taken it could not affect them very much. That tax would yield £125,0CO per annum if placed upon soOjCOO barrels. (The Chief Secretary—' Tnat would be a barrel for every man, woman, 'and child in the colony.') Even if it were half that amount it would be worth the Treasurer's consideration. If. no better scheme could be brought forward he would snpport that of the Government, with certain modi fications and exceptions which we were in justice bound to make. His favourite scheme had always been a property and income tax. If the Government would consider that, it was not unlikely that a com promise might be arrived at ; indeed, this question ought to be discussed and decided apart from mere party considerations. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BOSWORTH agreed with Mr. Basedow that this question should be decided on it3 merits, and not as a party question, especially after it had been so long debated. He felt that it was not necessary to tax the country to a very large extent, but that far greater economy might be practised in connec tion with our educational system, our post and tele graph offices, and in connection with the sinking^ of wells and the cleaning out of dams, and so on, which were too often left to the Government to do. He would go for a beer tax, which would in his opinion bring in at least £60,000 a year. Then there should be a share of taxation placed on the pastoral lessees, and the Government proposed to give a renewal of the leases that were soon to fall in, and taking the rental at three times what it now was— £56,000— it would give some £160,000. That, with the beer tax of £60,000, would give £220,000, which was more than the Treasurer really required. Hi« feelings had always been in favour of a property and income tax, as the exemptions would be very considerable under the Government proposals. The tax should at any raw be reduced to a halfpenny in the pound, and all working plant and dead stock should be exempted till they became remunerative. But an income and property tax would be better even than this, and the Government would do well to consider it, and not treat an amendment a3 a vote of want of confidence. Mr. KINGSTON said it was a matter of regret that this question of taxation was being discussed in the last session of the Parliament, when nearly all hon. members at the last general election promised to vote for a change in the incidence of taxation. The Government scheme was a radical one, and if licked into shape it would remove the evil com plained of at the last general election. He did not know that he would vote for a land and income tax as shadowed forth by the Hon. J. Colton. In fact, his ultimate vote would depend on whether the Go vernment scheme was made workable. He was altogether taken by the general principle of the Government scheme, which, if well carried out, would relieve the country from the unjust system under which it groaned, and under which neces saries of life were taxed while luxuries escaped. He did not know if rumour was true, but, if so, the Treasurer had until lately had no policy on thi3 question, and was in a state approaching that ot a. man in a Turkish bath till some one mentioned Mr. Crombie's pamphlet and the New Zealand system. And now with that in their hands the Bray Ministry had become the possessors of what they never had before— a financial policy. (Laughter.) He congratulated them on it, and hoped they would stick to it (The Treasurer— 'Hear, hear.') If they lost Mr. Crombie's they would never have one of their own. (Laughter.) But, seriously, if he could assist the Government to make the scheme workable he would do so ; but, as he had said, his ultimate vote would depend on whether the details were satisfactory. If not he would vote against it, and in favour of the Hon. J. Colton's proposal. Mr. JOHNSON desired to make a correction in reference to the figures he quoted as to the quantity of beer brewed in the colony. It should have been 3,000 hogsheads per week, or, in round numbers, 150,000 hogsheads a year—or one-half as much as he said before. But even this smaller quantity at two pence per gallon would give about £50,000 per annum to the Government. Mr. ROUNSEVELL would not have spoken except for a few remarks which had been made by various hon. members. The jfirst was in regard to the utterance made by the hon. member Mr. Howe, in which he said that hon. members would, perhaps, make a .similar statement to that which had beeb made by Mr. Bounsevell that the financial diffi culties had been caused by the concessions granted to the selectors during the past year. He gave that statement an absolute denial. It was not in .'accor dance with tact, and, on the contrary, he had said that the amount which had been received on account of land had absolutely been increased from the legislation of last Parliament He neither directly nor indirectly attributed their financial difficulties to that cause. So far for Mr. Howe. He was very sorry Mr. Dixson was not in his place. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'Do not say anything more about it') In self-defence he was bound to make one or two remarks, and if it had not been that the hon. member had dragged his name before a public meeting at Kapunda last night he would have let the subject pass unheeded ; but when, after forty minute3 of invective on him personally without once challenging his arguments or deductions, the hon. member thought fit to go to a public meeting in his own district and drag his name before it ins the way he had dene, he thought he was in duty bound to say a word in self-defence. During the nine years he had been a^member of that House he was not aware of having ever made a personal attack on any of his fellow-members. (Hear, hear.) The Ministers opposite would say that he had struck them as hard as he could, and he had received bard blows in return, but on both sides they had all been above the belt. It was because this insidious attack had been made upon him that he felt bound to retort to it The hon. member had accused him of babbling. He asked the House to contrast Mr. Dixson's speech on the education question, when he wearied the House speaking for two afternoons to empty benches with his utterances, and he asked hon. members to say whether he was justified in accusing another member who rarely spoke at any length of babbling. (Hear, hear.) He would ask the House to remember an advertisement of a lecture whichMr. Dixson was advertised to give, at which the Secretary of the League he was to address was the sole audience. (Mr. Rees — ' Look at the weather then.') He had next referred to his manner of speech, but when he felt strongly he could not help getting earnest, and he would ask the House to con trast his style with the supercilious manner of tho hon. member. He did not object to have a compari son made on that point on any platform or before any assembly, but when such a comparison was made he asked bon. members to judge as he bad de sired them. Then he had tried to saddle him with the sins of the Morgan Ministry, which had been in office for years. No doubt that Government had many shortcomings, and what Ministry could carry on the business of the country without committing sins of omission and commis sion ? and yet, because he happened to have been connected for a few weeks with the Morgan Ministry the hon. member had tried to fix upon Him the whole of their shortcomings. Such a thing was most unfair, but it was on a par with the hon. member's attack on the Christian missionaries of the South Seas. It was just what they would expect from a man who bad preached peace and goodwill to [all men, and had then turned round to bite them. Then, with reference to the Exhibition, he had opposed it in the past as much as possible, but when the majority had said that it shculd be carried out it was his duty to yield to their wishes. He acted in that way, and it was not right that the submission he had so rendered should be distorted in the way the hon. member had done, and that he should have said that he had acted dishonestly and unfairly to his con stituents. With regard to the New Zealand statis tics, he said absolutely that if any hon. member would look at the returns of exports of wheat and wool from New Zealand, with its 500,000 people, and compare them with onr exports, they must come to the conclusion, which he still maintained was correct, that as a people we were nearly as wealthy as New Zealand, while individually we were far better off than they were. Then he came to the hon. member's statements in the House. They all knew that he had applauded the taxation scheme of the Treasurer, although he gave no reason for doing so, and yet he could go up to the District of Light and eat the leek in the manner he had done. (Toe Hon. J. Colton—' That is enough ; let the subject drop.') It was an explanation. An hon member who accusedanotherof dishonest intentions ought tohave his own conduct scrutinized. (Mr. Mattinson — ' You should return good for eviL') The hon. member had given in his adhesion to the scheme proposed by the Treasurer, and yet he could go to his constituents, and when he found it did not suit them he altered his tone, as he had often done before. It was just like the Yankee orator, who gave his views on certain subjects before the electors, and then wound up by saying, ' If my views don't suit you they can be easily altered.' That wa3 what he had done. He went up to the District of Light full of his intention to support the Govern ment ; he found it did not suit, and back he came. He might tell Mr. Dixson that when he had been longer in the House — if he were sent back again— it would be well if he attacked the arguments of hon. members and not them personally. (Hear, hear.) So far as he was concerned he did not wish to enlarge further on the matter, but he would be willing to defend himself from any personal attack such as that made by the hon. member upon him. Ihe TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde)— Before the first item is put I ought to say a few words in reply to the various speeches which have been made upon the financial statement, and I think I may. on behalf of the Government, thank hon. members for the courteous tone of the debate generally. Although there may be a considerable difference of opinion with regard to the taxation proposals 1 have made, still we have no reason generally to complain of the way in which they have been received, and if the first item is carried thi3 evening, as I hope it will be, it will be my duty to give formal notice of motion for next Tuescliy, when the whole will be debated in a more thorough manner. With regard to Mr. Rounsevell, I do not know that I can say that all his remarks were very courteous, because the list of epithets which he showered upon my speech were not very complimentary. But I knew his bark is verj much worse than his bite, and I am going to heap coals of fire upon his head. I tell him in all sincerity that his speech was certainly one of the best I have ever heard him make in this House, although when I say it positively bristles with mistakes and blunders, it may be con sidered rather a left-handed compliment (Laughter.) I must say a word or two with regard to the absurd mistake he made in reference to the result of the New South Wales Convention, and I say this, not so much for the purpose of exposing the blunder the hon. member made, but because it might be of consequence as affecting our relations with our Sydnej friends. Mr. Rounsevell called attention to Appendix 11, and said that I had shown that we had lost £11,000 by the Convention, but the fact was that we had positively gained £1,000 by it If hon. members will take the trouble to turn to that Appendix they will see that the hon. member had not observed that in the fifth column the totals of the second, third, and fourth columns were added together, and the £11,000 was taken into considera tion when the statements were made that the net loss was £11,000. Of course the blunder was most absurd, and I was surprised at the hon. member making it; but I do not know, after all, that I am surprised, because I have long suspected that the air of sagacity which he puts on when he looks at figures is assumed to hide a real state of foggy bewilderment; and now we have found it out. (Laughter.) Really, for an hon. member who aspires to be Treasurer at some futnre date to make such an absurd blunder in arithmetic a3 he *''* done in reference to the Convention proves him to be almost unfit for the position he seeks to obtain. (Mr. Rounsevell — ' Yon are really very absurd.') Does he not see it now? (Mr. Rounsevell— 'No.') Then he certainly is unfit for the position. (Laugh ter.) I would not have wasted time in speaking on this blunder except for the fact that Mr. Dibbs may observe the speech of the hon. member and think that we have Deen making a profit of £1,000 upon the whole term of the Convention instead of a lass of £11,000, and the matter is rather serious as the time is drawing near when we shall have to make fresh arrangements with the Government of New South Wales. Accordingly, I have felt it to be my dutv to refer to this little matter. Speaking of the Treasurer of New South Wales, I am sorry to say that since I spoke last I have received a telegram from h-m on a subject which I referred to in my Budget Speech. I then said that I hoped that the New South Wales Governrrent would agree to place Customs officials at Thackaringa and the Albert gold-fields, but since then I have received a telegram frem the Government in Sydney declining to do that I am sorry for it, bat there the fact remains. There appears to be some misunderstanding between us and the Sydney Government on the point, and it is a very unfortunate thing. The next remark the hon. member made was that my suggestion about using some loan money which was ? not wanted for the purposes of bufldinsf the new Houses of Parliament 'and the Exhi bition Building wa3 wicked. I would like him to tell us where the wickedness comes in ? Two years ago, when I introduced a similar proposal, the second reading of the Bill to carry it into effect passed without any opposition at alL (The Hon. J. Colton— 'We did not see the wickedness then-') Do I understand my hon. friend to say it is wicked ? (The Hon. J. Colton— 'I say we did not see the wickedness then.') No, he does not, and he never said a word about it in his speech. I pointed out in my Budget Speech that we found we had about £200,000 left out of various loans for public works which were not required. The Chief Secretary has explained that to the satisfaction of the Hon. Mr. Colton. (The Hon. J. Coiton— ' No.') Not to his satisfaction. (The Hon. J. Colton—' Quite a mistake, I wouldrather you would have spent it') Then my hon. friend is not fit to be Commissioner of Public Works— {laughter^if he does not understand the explanation of the Chief Secretary as perfect re garding the £100,000 on the Pichlrichi line, and the balances from the Narracoorte and Tatiara and the Government Gums line. But the point of the joke is that my hon. friend Mr. Konnsevell, although he said it was a wicked proposal, would have con doned the wickedness if we proposed to spend the money in his own district. (Mr. _ Rounsevell— 'I said nothing of the kind.') He said he would not have any objection if the money were spent in the districts in which the money was intended to be' expended, and in this case the expenditure would have been at Terowie. We have all decided that the Parliament Houses shall be built, and that there shall be an Exhibition, and any member who voted for these works knew perfectly well that they would have to be carried out with borrowed money. Talk about the breach of faith with the bondholders because we atk the Parliament to spend these funds for different purposes than those for which they were voted ! Talk about it being wicked to propose to spend this money in a different way when the work for which the money was voted has been completed for lesslmoney than was voted ! Of course the bondholders have no complaint against the Parliament, and I would like to know where the wickedness comes in. I find on enquiry at the Public Works Office that injround numbers about £50,000 out of the £200,000 will be required to be put into the Transfer Loan Fund for various railway purposes, and we propose to bring down a Bill — perhaps in the course of a day or two— asking the House to agree to allow us £.50,000 to finish off Parliament Houses and £100,000 towards furnishing the Institute, which we have all decided shall be made the nucleus of the Exhibition. (Hear, hear.) I challenge any hon. member either Beriously or jocosely to say that there is anything wicked about these proposals. (Mr. Bounsevell— 'The Institute ought to come out of revenue.') Let the hon. member take my place if he is to be the future Treasurer, and I defy bi™ to pay for it out of the revenue. In the last Transfer Loan Bill there was no objection to this. There are amounts of £50,000 for Parliament Houses and something for the Insti tute, and of course it is simply absurd for us to expect jto be .able to spend £100,000 for finishing the Institute out of the revenue. What more harm is there in proposing this than in appropriating £84,000 out of the Loan Fund for the erection of the new Public Offices ? (Mr. Rounsevell— ' One was a necessity, and the other is not') I defy any Treasurer to finish the Parliament Houses or the Institute out of revenue. The hon. member made another absurd blunder in talking about this very question. (The Hon. J. Colton — 'I thought you were going to heap coals of fire on his head.') I did so by complimenting him upon his speech, which was one of the best he has ever made, bnt still bristliDg with blnnders. (Laughter) He posi tively raked up an old sore, and said that we had appropriated £140,000 of premiums into revenue. Now this was one of his great points, and he was cheered by hon. members. The future Treasurer of South Australia had said that £140.000 was appro priated. (Mr. Bounsevell — ' You know I did not say anything of the sort.') You said those exact words, and you will see them in your speech. Any hon. member who will look up the matter will find that the amount was only £34,000, and the future Treasurer of South Australia said that the amount was £140,000. Hon. members will remember that Mr. Cooke, who was the leader of the movement, acknowledged that at least half of the £34,000 might fairly be appropriated, as it was in fact accumulated interest, and when he dared to challenge us as to the other portion he was beaten by twenty-four votes to ten, and the hon. member was one of the ten. Then the hon. member goes on about this loan and talks a lot of nonsense about the money we have lost in not floating our loan before. He has also done what is a most improper thing for any member of this House to do, and that i3 he tries to depreciate the credit of the Colony of South Australia by saying that we shall not get more than £95 for our bonds. (Mr. Rounsevell — 'Isaidifyoufloatedtheloannow.') I say it is most improper for any member to suggest such a thing. The reports of these debates go home to England, and are read by the financial brokers there, and if they see such a statement by a gentle man who was Treasurer of the colony for a month it would have a prejudicial effect on our loans. (The Hon. T. Playford— ' What about your game of whi3t?') Oh, I will forgive him for saying that I am not a good whist- player. I challenged the hon. member on this point, and I am not going to say a word more about it than I choose. (Oh, and Hear, hear.) He said that if I had sold these bonds a few months ago I could have got par for them. (Mr. Rounsevell— '? I said 'nearly par.'') I say that never in the year 1883 could we have got par for our bonds. The hon. member said that I have lost £75,000 by delaying the floating of the loan, and 1 observed a letter in the Register lately signed 'Financial,' the writer of which goes further. I have not the slightest idea who this gentle man is; probably he is some Bank Manager or Director, but he goes so far as to say that we have lost £100,000 by not selling our bonds earlier. He says that if we had offered them two or three months ago the Associated Banks would have bought them at about £101. I do not know who 'Financial' is, but I venture to say that he really does not understand what he is writing about, because, as a fact, the Associated Banks have never bought a single one of our debentures. I was toli distinctly from London that as a matter of fact the ten Associated Banks in Victoria did not buy a single pound's worth of the last Victorian Loan, and the Associated Banks here could not do anything of the sort ; it is not their business to do so. However, this gentleman, 'Financial' says that by not offer ing our bonds earlier we have lost £100,000, and really the gentlemen who write to the papers ought to be a little more careful about their state ments. I may mention here, perhaps, what I believe has not yet been mentioned, that I made arrangements with the Banks last week by which, m addition to the £500,000 worth of Treasury drafts which I mentioned a month ago, I have sold £150,000 worth more of Treasury drafts, and the first lot were sold last week. That will tend to ease the money market, and if we bad sold our bonds we could only have sold our drafts on London, and it is perfectly absurd for writers in the news papers to say that.the tightness of the money market is the fault of the Government. I have plenty of good reasons to give for my action with regard to the floating of the loan if necessary, but I maintain that discretion is a virtue, particularly with regard to these matters, and I will not be tempted into saying too much about it. Then the hon. member plunged into a mass of muddled figures about New Zealand, and had the folly to say, without consideration evidently, that my estimate of what the proposed tax would realize here is entirely wrong. He said that the total value of the real and personal property in South Australia was one hun dred millions, as against my modest estimate of seventy millions. Then he went on to siy that it was a notorious fact that for the last two or three years the assessment of the real property of South Australia in Municipal Councils has been kept down, but I say it is quite the reverse. On the con trary, people have been expecting year after year that the grant-in-aid -would have been swept away, and they have cheerfully paid their increased rates so as to obtain the greatest advantage from the grant-in-aid while it lasted. (The Hon. T. Playford — ' It is not so in my district ;' and Mr. Bounsevell —'Nor in mine.') Some of the hon. member's arithmetic is of the strangest possible character. I am sorry for it, bnt I must tell him as a friend that his arithmetic is evidently defective. Of course it is intuitive with some people to be good arithmeticians; it is a gift, like an ear for music, or an eye for drawing ; but the hon. member has not got it— figures .are not his forte. (Mr. Rounsevell— ' Show how they are wrong.') If I might give my hon. friend a word of advice— I would say let him aspire to the Treasury benches if he likes — it is a fair and laudable ambi tion ; but I would stay at home and try to perfect my arithmetic — I would do sums continually of all sarts. (Laughter.) Then, perhaps, by-and-by after a few years some kind Premier will offer him a Com missionership, which I strongly advise him to accept, as if he ever becomes Treasurer of South Australia he will make a horrid mess of his figures. (Laughter.) Not content with making mistakes the other day, which were positively cut to pieces by Mr. Dixson, he ventured to repeat hi3 remarks half an hour ago about New Zealand. I am about the last man to depreciate the credit and resources of South Australia, in which I have lived for thirty-five years, and in which my children have been born ; but I say that the hon. member betrays absurd ignorance when he ventures to say that South Australia is richer than New Zealand. (Mr. Rounsevell — 'I said nearly as rich.') Now, New Zealand had fourteen millions of acres of land sold against our ten and a quarter millions, and our land could not be said to be so valuable as that of New Zealand. Then, again, taking the revenue, New Zealand has an annual income of £4,000,000 as against our £2,100,000. Taking the population, the hon. member has made another absurd blunder, as he told us that the population was only 509,000. (Mr. Rounsevell— ' I said in 18SL') I thought it must be more, and I find that the peculation at present is 527,000 white people and between 40,000 and 50,000 Maoris. (The Hon. J. Colton— ' Only between 30,000 and 40,000 Maoris.') I have a telegram here which I got from New Zealand a week or two ago, and that states that on June 30 the white population of New Zealand was 527,691, and that the Maoris num bered 45.0C9 in addition. I say it is absurd with these figures before us, and with Mr. Crombie's figures before us, which are the result of actual fact not theory, to the effect that the taxable property in New Zealand only amounts to eighty-three millions, to say that we have about 100 millions worth of taxable property in South Australia. _ The hon. member had entirely forgotten one particular fact in his calculation. I do not want to exaggerate, and I think I am well within the mark when I say that at least half the real jiroperty in South Aus tralia is mortgaged. (Mr. Johnson—' I am afraid it is rather more.') Accordingly it would be a great mistake to take the actual value of a 1 the real property, and then the actual value of the loan money in the colony, and add the two together, saying that represents the amount of taxable pro perty in the colony, because, of course, the real property would only be taxed to its net value after deducting the value of the mortgages. I do not know whether hon. members have taken the trouble to read a letter by Mr. Cameron which appeared in the Advertiser. He i3 a well-known Melbourne and, American merchant, who under stands these things as well as we do. He happened to be here the day I made my financial speech. He was a stranger to me. He came to see me after wards. I said— 'I win be glad if you will write a note on this tubject and send it to the papers.' He did so. He pointed out that this plan has been in operation in America, and is working satisfactorily on all sides. The hen. member for the Burra (Mr. Rounsevell), in winding up his speech, made a most feeble request for us to take back our estimates, and hammered away at economy economy— rigid economy. Well, the hon. member knows perfectly well we will not take our estimates back. We say we have cut them down as nearly as possible to the safe point, and when my old friend Mr. Tomkinson said he could cut them down to the extent of £143,000 1 am sure he was speaking without much Parliamentary experience. I defy him, or my more experienced friend (Mr. Colton), to cut them down the odd £43,000 — (Sir. Eounsavell— 'He says he can')-without interfering with public works or the efficiency of the public service. ° As regards 'establishments,' we went through the Estimates most carefully, and the moat rigid economy has already been practised. (Mr. Johnson — ' I know one amount yon could save £40,000 on.') Which is that? (Mr. Johnson— 'Immigration.') I will talk about that by-and-by. I wish to say a few words with regard to the much more important speech made by the Hon. Mr. Colton, who, with the exception of two or three words, spoke fairly enough. The insult I think he withdrew. The hon. member said I had insulted the House, but I think he withdrew that and substi tuted ' oversight,' which is not so strong a word. I am glad the Hon. Mr. Colton did not fall into the same mistake as the hon. mem ber for the Burra (Mr. Bounsevell) about the Convention, but 1 gather from him that we should do well to try to continue the arrangement with New Sonth Wales, even although we appear to have lost £11,000 or £12,000 since we began. The hon. member was very strong on the question of railways, and no doubt his opinion is important and valuable, as he was a good Commissioner of Public Works. But it struck me he went too far alto gether when he said that by cutting down the railway estimates, and with proper management and a good season of eight bushels, we should show 5 per cent. I thouaht I would ask Mr. Pickering, the Acting Accountant, to make a calculation as to how much we should have to earn for gross revenue provided we should show a net return of 5 per cent. We acknowledge that the hon. memberis right in one remark— that a long railway could be worked cheaper in proportion than a short one ; but the hon. member will be surprised to hear that in order to ensure 5 per cent, on seven millions now invested in the 1,000 miles we have— (I am speaking in round nuaabers)-^-we should have to earn three quarters of a million instead of £533,000 which we put down. The expenses at this moment are about £338,000. Of course the expenses would not increase in the proportion, but Mr. Pickering points out that taking the expenses of earning a revenue of £750,OCO at £400,000, which, of course, is not more in proportion than the £338,000, you have a net revenue of £350,000, which would be 5 per cent, on the revenue. It is impossible for us to expect £750,000 this year or next year; and it is premature to talk about earning 5 per cent, net on our railways at the present time. Then he found fault with us for underestimating oar revenue, and said I was not quite justified in taking the figures of our officers. I said in my Budget speech that I had done so, and I venture to say that had I not done so the hon. member for the Burra and the hon. mem ber for Noarlunga would have said that I put the figures up or down to suit ray purposes. I need not refer to the remark about the Land Fund, as the Chief Secretary has answered that. I would only add to what the Chief Secretary has said that the happy days are gone when the Treasurer can just slap down another £100,000 from the Land Fund. That was all very well in the hon. member's time. I am not sure it was not in my time when I was in office before — (laughter) — but I feel confident nothing can happen which will make us have £300,000 instead of the £200,000 to which I alluded in my Budget speech. What I said was that this £200,000 was rather a doubtful item, and I called Mr. Jones's attention to it Mr. Jones pointed out that if everybody met their contracts we would get more ; but, by the new state of the law, no one need pay up, but may go on for yeaw paying interest at 4, l-r, at the utmost 5 per cent, and hon. members know for the next few months — probably for the remainder of the financial year — money will be worth more than 4 or 5 per cent Those men who can wait will wait, and I am rather doubtful whether we will receive the £200,000. So, as to the hon. member trying to make things plea sant by putting in another £100,000 out of the Land Fund, it is quite out of the question. With regard to railways, it is possible we may make £10,000 or £15,000 more than the amount stated; but Mr. Pendleton was correct in not over-estimating his revenue. If he has erred it is in the right With regard to Customs, the hon. member with a wave of his lhand said, ' It is £10,000 underestimated,' without giving the shadow of a reason. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' Idid, I went further.') I said in my Budget Speech that during these six months I did not expect to earn half of the £675,000 estimated. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'What was last week? £20,000.') I thought the hon. member was too old a hand to make anything out of a single week like that. I will tell him that during the last six weeks —up to last Saturday— we have earned nearly. £12,000 a week, which is not at the rate of £675,000 a year. (Mr. Johnson—' You will earn less before the end of the year.') Yes, I say here I do not suppose Customs between this and Christmas will realize more than £300,000, and if we get £375,000 from the first six months of next year we will do well. The hon. member went from large things to small; and with regard to waterworks I got a memo., which I will read :— 'Adelaide, £55,000.— The new mains being laid this year have greatly fallen off in consequence of the collapse of the land speculation which ;an very high last year, when several large extensions of mains were laid, causing the revenue from rates to rapidly increase. This increase will not be main tained this year. Free ?water-troughs to public houses will cause loss both in the cost of the extra services and the less quantity of water paid for. The revenue for last half-year (January to June, 1883) was £28,962, which included £1,000 extra for Magill, Burnside, Glen Osmond, and Mitcham, five quarters' accounts being collected in last year in consequence of an endeavour to collect everything up,as closely as possible. When makingup the estimate we had not these figures to guide us, but now taking them as a basis the revenue may be expected to reach £58,000. Gawler, £2,200.— Rates reduced from 12J per cent, to 10 per cent, on assessment ; 10 per cent will cover working expenses and interest on cost of works at 5 per cent. Port Augusta, £1,800. — The revenje for 1881-2 was £2,974, last year £1,633 ; deficiency consequent on reduction in price of water from 10s. to 5s. per 1,000 gallons. Port Pirie, £1,000.— The revenue for 1881-2 was £1,172, last year £857 ; deficiency consequent on reduction in price of water from 10s. to 5s. per 1,000 gallons.' That explains the whole thing. If hon. members will press on the Government reductions as they are doing it is impossible for the revenue to increase. The hon. member was rather severe on me .in refe rence to my estimate from probate and succession duties. I have taken some pains to satisfy him, and he got a memorandum from Mr. Russell on the sub ject, based on an average of years. You never can tell exactly what the amount may be, but the average during the last three vears has been about £14,000. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'I know that') Then I wonder the hon. member raised the objec tion. Since the Act was passed exempting estates of less than £1,000, 534 estates out of 823 have been exempted, and only 239 estates have had to pay. The average amount received has been about £15,600 per annum, and Mr. Russell says he put £36,000 as the outside that we may expect to receive. I was glad of one remark that the Hon. John Colton made, and that was where he said he thought it was mistaken benevolence to get up that Immigrants' Aid Society. We all know that the hon. member is a very charitable and liberal man, and these remarks from him will have weight I think myself the mistaken idea which has led to the formation of that Society will do more harm than good, as it will get into the papers at home, and will do far more narm than the good which has been done in relieving a merely temporary inconvenience. The hon. memoer for Noarlunga, however, fired away at the Government taxation scheme, and said it was iniquitous and vexations. Why iniquitous? I dare say the hon. member will have to pay ten or twenty times as much as I shall, bnt only because he is ten or twenty times as rich. Where is the iniquity ? In;fact, I only wish I had half his com plaint (Laughter.) It is perfect nonsense to say that the Government scheme is iniquitous. The hon. member is much more guarded tnan the hon. member for the Burra. He says it will yield £220,000 instead of £160,000. I shall be glad to see how be gets at the amount. I think my figures are the true ones, but we shall be able to see next week, when the matter is discussed a little.further. With regard to the 'inquisitorial' nature of the tax there is evidently some misunderstanding. To talk about it being as inquisitorial as an income tax is absurd. I had a little experience of the income tax before I left England many years ago, and I re member having to go before an old gentleman who was very courteous, bat who cross-examined me in an unpleasant way. I shall shrink from such a tax in South Australia. Under the tax we propose no man in the colony will know what another is worth. All public Companies will send in their returns and pay the tax on their paid-up capital, and the individual colonist in his returns will not need to mention his shares at all. So that no one— not even the Government officials— will know what he is worth. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'It will be more inquisitorial than an income tax.') I must have failed to make myself understood, or else the hon. member would not say that However we can go into it more fully next week. The point has been raised that the tax will have the effect of frightening foreign capital from our shores. On this point Major Atkinson, in his Budget Speech in 1881, said— 'When the property tax was first imposed, a strong fear, per haps not unnaturally, was expressed by many persons that one of the effects of the tax would be to drive away foreign capital seeking investment in this colony. I have consulted gentlemen from all parts cf the colony who are authorities upon this subject and I have not found one who entertains the opinion that the property tax has any appreci able effect upon the now of capital to the colony, and as a matter of fact during few periods of our history has more foreign capital come into the country and found investments than during the last year at an equally low rate.' Anybody who knows about financial matters knows well that money is cheaper in New Zealand now than in South Australia. IthankMr.Mattinson for saying that from a working man's point of view he would support the motion. I believe the more the poorer classes look into the matter the more they will see that the proposal of the Government is the very wisest course to snpport. Mr. Coles made a very bad shot when he mentioned Mr. Martin's foundry at Gawler. The fact is, my friend Mr. James Martin wrote me, quite unsolicited, to say he had read my speech, and that it was a first-rate scheme. (Laughter.) I was glad to hear my colleague, Mr. WhiDham, make his maiden speech, but am sorry he opposed the Government He took up the usual new member's parable, and talked of the extravagance of the Government, just a3 I did when I first entered Parliament a long time ago. Bnt when the hon. member has been in a Government he will know that it is impossible to prevent a little extravagance some times. If he says no taxation is necessary I differ from him entirely, and think there will be only two or three members who will agree with him. The hon. member Mr. Landseer found fault, because our revenue, except the Land Fund, came up to the estimate, though we had a bad season. That is a matter for congratulation ; at any rate it shows the Estimates were nearly correct, and were not badly prepared, as he suggests. The cry with him was 'Retrench, retrench, retrench!' But as one of the Government of South Australia, I say that if the question be between retrenchment and taxation, it is far better to have taxation. (Hear, hear.) It is better in every way. It would be a great mistake to stop public works, to stop borrowing, to stop im migration; and we must do this or else have more taxation to make both ends meet Economy is all very well in its way; but we must not injure the p colony even by economy. I see what is looming in the distance as regards my hon. friend. He knows perfectly well that he has not the ghost of a chance of carrying a land tax pure and simple and an income tax. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' Oh.) Not a ghost of a chance. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'You have not looked around.') His intention was to confuse the matter, so that the question of taxation may be postponed until next session. I ask hon. members to look at the gravity of the position. I say it is not safe to postpone taxation longer. The figures which I have given are honest and faithful ; and as to the remarks of Mr. Landseer, who said if we were to let things alone, although I showed a deficit of a quarter of a million, that at the end of the year I would come out with a credit balance, all I will say is that he must have spoken without considering the subject at all. No Treasurer would be fit for his position, no Government would be fit to sit on these seats if they did not propose, to the best of their ability, a scheme of taxation to meet the demands of the present position. I move the first item. Ike Hon. J. COLTON wonld not have arisen except for the remark of the Chief Secretary. In reference to the question of taxation, they would have an opportunity of testing that matter later on when the resolutions were Drought in, and he thought then he would have just about as good a chance of carrying his scheme as the Treasurer had. (The Chief Secretary— 'No.') He was sure he had a better chance of getting it adopted than the Treasurer had of having his pro posals agreed to while in their present form. He wished to refer to the remark made by the Chief Secretary with regard to the Terowie and Pichirichi Railway. Certainly when be gave the amount of the cost he thought it was something over £400,030. He was not aware it was so much as tha Treasurer had stated ; but when the Chief Secretary said that £40,000 was saved on the Estimates by reductions he thought he was in error. Before he left office he remembered ordering 25,000 tons of rails, and the Estimates were not made when these rails were ordered. However, he would take another opportunity of testing this matter, for he was sure the Chief Secretary only gave the information be lieving it to be correct. He might siy he thought the Treasurer and the Government were perfectly right, seeing that work such as Parliamentary Buildings, the Institute, and Exhibition Buildings would be permanent. He thought it was the best course to adopt to make the saving on these works. (Hear, hear.) The first item on the Estimates was then passed. The House resumed, and leave was given the Committee to sit again on Thursday. PAPER, The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) laid on the table Statements of the Receipts and Disbursements of South Australia for the quarter ended June 30, 18S3. ADJOURNMENT. At ten minutes past 10 o'clock the House ad toumed till the following day at 2 o'clock. 