A STRANGE WORLD. BY TBI AUTHOB OP " fcADYLVDIjZY'S 8ECBET.' CHAPTER XLL Continued. It had entered into Maurice's mind that Justina Elgood was Muriel's daughter—the child given into the keeping of strangers. Perhaps—ah ! too hitler thought, the child of shame. The facts in support of this notion were not many, would have made very little impression in a court of justice, yet though he. struggled against a notion which appeared to his sober reason absurd and groundless, his fancy was taken captive, and dwelt upon the idea with a tormenting persistence. In the first place, there seemed to him a curious fatality in all the circumstances connected with his presence at Borcel End. He had gone there by the merest accident, guided by that will-o'-the-wisp of a child, tramping miles across a baren moor, intruding himself on an unwilling hostess. Then on the very first night of his habitation beneath that lonely roof he had been visited by one who, if not a wanderer from the shadow-world, was at least a ghost of the past; one who had outlived life's joys and Imost its care and sorrows. This appearance of Muriel's had at once awa- kened his interest in her. But for this midnight visit, aud the chance of meeting in the hazel copse, he might have come and gone a dozen times without being aware of Muriel Trevanard's existence. The idea of Destiny was, of course, a mere fanciful reason. To-night in the silence, having gone over every word of Mrs. Trevanard's story in his note book, he placed on record those other circumstances which; had impressed him in relation .to this question. 1\. The fact that Justina Elgood was said to have been born at Seacomb, a curiously out-of-tbe-way corner of the earth. 2\. Her ape exactly corresponded with-the age of Muriel's daughter, were she living. 3\. Thcparticularlyuncommonnameof Justina, a family name of the Trcvaoards. 4\. Tbe description of the man who had called himself Eden ; a' fluent speaker 1 a man who seemed accustomed .to public speaking. 5\. Mattbew Elgood had lost an infant daughter at Seacomb. The fact stood recorded in the register. These' Edens had -also lost a child. Very little certainly, all this, when sot down formally upon paper, but the idea floating in Maurice's mind seemed to have a stronger foundation than these meagre facts. Whence the fancy came he knew not, yet it seemed to him that for a long time he had been sceptical as to Justina's relationship to Matthew Elgood. There evident a superiority in the daughter to the supposed father. They were creatures' of a different clay. It is just as if some clumsy delf pitcher were to preteud to be made of the some paste as Justina's dragon china tea service," 1 he said to himself. He remembered how reticent Mr. Elgood had always been upon the subject of the past—how the little that he had even told had been told somewhat reluctantly, extorted, in a manner, by Maurice's questioning. He remembered Mr. Elgood's startled look when he, Maurice, had spoken for tbe first time of Borcel End. "I dare say, after all, tbe fancy'is groundless," ho said to himself, as he'closed lis pocket-book, "and that the eircum L stances which have impressed me so strongly' could be explained in quite -a different manner. A provincial actor's wandering life may bring him to -any corner of the earth, and the name Justina' may have been chosen out of some novel'of the day by Mrs. Elgood. But isince 1 have prcP raised to do my uttermost to see Muriel Trcvanard righted, I am'bound to sift this matter thoroughly. And'again, it'\fcould be bard if I were not allowed to investigate tbe pedigree of the 1 woman I" hope to'^win for my wife. The worst or the'best that 1 can learn' of my darling's 'parentage'will make ho difference in my love for ner true self." For three or four days after the funeral Maurice gave himself up almost entirely to friendship, and • spent his time' strolling about tbe farm with Martin, philosophizing, consoling, talking hopefully of the fntiire, when the young man was to come to London, and carve ont some' kind of career for himbolf. But the last' two days of his stay in Cornwall Mr. Clissold had apportioned to his own business. One dayfor a farewell visit to - Penwyn Manor, another day for Seacomb, where he -had certain inquiries and researches to 'make. He bad arranged to leave Botcel : the morn ing after his visit' to 'the 'Manor Htfuse,' atad tind to spend the Mowing night at an) F hotel in Seacomb. - This -• • would give I-:- him the? whole of the day and evening in that somewhat depressing town. He had written to Mrs. Penwyn, gratefully acknowledging her invitation to make the Manor House his head quarters, and explaining that his friendship for Martin obliged him to decline her hospitality. But in his heart of hearts there was another reason why he did not care to stay at Penwyn Manor, "or increase his intimacy with Churchill Penwyn. JuBtina had expressed her antipathy to that gentleman, and Maurice felt as if it were in some manner treasonable to cultivate the friendship of any man whom Justina disliked. That large madness, Love, is a conglomeration of small follies. Courtesy, however, demanded that he should pay his respects to the Penwyn family before leaving Cornwall, and he had a lurking curiosity about that household— a somewhat morbid interest, perhaps, with which Justina's vague suspicions, far as they were from any thought of his own, may have had something to do. That change in Madge Penwyn—hardly to be described, yet, to his eye, very palpable—had puzzled him not a little. Was it possible that the husband and wife, so devoted to each other a little while ago, had undergone some change of feeling? that one or the other had looked back upon the sunlit path of love, and perceived that the rose-bloom was fading from life's garden 1 No, Maurice could not for a moment believe in any lessening of Madge Penwyn's love of her husband, or Churchill's devotion to her. Ho had seen that " little look across the crowd " which the poet has sung of—the look of utter trust and sympathy which passes between a husband and wife now and then in some busy hour of the day, amidst some friendly circle, a suddon interchange of thought or feeling, stolen from the throng. And in Madge's case he had seen a look of de-. votion curiously pathetic, love fraught with pity—a look of deepest melancholy. This dwelt in his memory, and influenced his thoughts of Churchill Penwyn and his wife. There was some hitch; some "dissonant interval in the harmony of their lives; yet what the jarring notes could be it was hard for the student of humanity to discover. No life could seem outwardly more perfect. Churchill's position was of all positions most enviable. Just sufficient wealth for all the joys of life ; an estate large enough to give him importance in his neighborhood, without the weighty responsibility of a large landowner; ambition gratified by a his I parliamentary success ; ,the fairest wife that man could desire tOjaddrnJU home. .And; yet there were, shadows on the' face'of. husband and wife that denoted a' secret trouble. In this house which held all things,' the skeleton was not wanting. " Can there be any ground for Justina's suspicion ?' Maurice asked himself. " And is a clear conscience the one thing missing in Churchill Penwyn's sum of happiness t" CHAPTER XLIL It was a dull autumnal afternoon when Maurice paid his final visit to the Manor That brilliant summer, which had lasted in all its heat and glory to the end of August, and even extended to September, had vanished all at once, and had given place to a bleak and early autumn. -Stormy winds by night, and dull grey skies by day, lad prevailed of late; sad Stories of lisaster at sea filled many a column iu 4he newspapers—to the relief of 'editors, who: must needs jhave had recourse to gigantic gooseberries, or revivified the sea-serpent, |)ut for these- catastrophesj Even, tke;tyiinor House jhad a. gjoomy Jook under'thlslbadoh^sky." Pyramids of Scarlet geraniums,"th1Skets"of 'many- colored dahlias, lent'their gaudy ihues to .the scene; but the lack : of sunlight maile alhldiilL The gilded vane pointed ilpersistently northsast. Gardeners and underlings had labored n vain to keep the .paths andlawns clear of iload leaves.. Down they.came,: in a bracking shower, with: every jgufat^iomblems.nf lecay and death. Maurice Cliesuld, sensiive, as the -poet must ever. be,, to -external nfluences, felt depressed -by .the altered ispect of the .place.' Within, however all was : mirth 1 and tightness. There was the usual family ;roup in the hall, where a mighty wood fire dazed in the antique grate, with its massive ronwork, and burnished brazen globes, on ron standard,—golden orbs that reflected he ruddy glow of the fire. The billiardilayers were at work.. A p.irty of youny adios playing'pool industriously, under the eadershlpof Mr.Jredlli®, 'J.P.,s!» was in great force in.Jemaune-circles where there was not much-,strain, upon a man's intellect. Lady Cheshunt was in,her;pet chair by the fire—her complexion guarded, by a tapestry banner- screen—deeply, ab- . eorbed in that very Frenoh novel the •; iniquity whereof she.had seen denounced . by the critical journals. Viola Bellingham , was working poinfrjaco at a little table by thecentral window,and listening withrather a listless air to Sir Lewis Dallas's discourse. Neither Madge nor her husband was present. . Lady Cheshunt closed her novel with a faint sigh, leaving a finger between the pages. Mr. Clissold was not so interesting as the last and worst of French novelists; - yet she felt called upon to be civil to him. " How is Mrs. Penwyn!" he asked, when he bad shaken hands with, and duly informed himself as to the health of, the distinguished dowager. " That poor child is not very well," replied her ladyship. "East wind, I suppose. I don't think we were created for a . world in which the wind is perpetually in the east. On such a day as this I always wish'tny8e1f-in.bhe>torrid zone, the centre ; of Africa, anywhero one conld feel the sun. To look at that grey sky and those falling leaves is enough to give one the horrors. tl's as bad as reading Young's ' Night Thoughts,' or staying at a country house with goody-people, who insist upon reading one of Blair's sermons aloud on a wet Sunday afternoon." ! " I hope it is nothing serious," said Maurice, meaning Mrs. Penwyn's indisposition. " Oh dear no, not in the least. She is only a little out of spirits, and has been spending the morning in her own room with the baby. I dare say she will come down presently. I think she worked a little too hard last season, giving dinners to all the people Mr. Penwyn wanted to conciliate, aud going everywhere he wished. She would make an admirable Cabinet minister's wife, I tell her,-BO'Jdbvoted and ; self- sacrificing; and I suppose,' at the rate Mr. Penwyn is going on, he is sure to be in the Cabinet sooner or later. A very wonderful man—so serious and self- contained—a man who never wasted a minute of his life, I should think." ! Madge entered at this moment, a little paler than in the days of old, but very beautiful. Her flowing grey silk dress, with broad eash and garniture of richest violet,; j,ocame her admirably. Not a jewel or 6rnament, except the single amethyst stud ^bich fastened her plain linen <sollar, and the triple band of diamonds on her.wedding jjnger. The plenteous dark hair wound 6or0net fashion round the small head. A Woman for a new Velasquez to paint,-Jhst is she stood "before jflSunce~to-day in the oft grey light. " I am so sorry to'i-Mar-'iyou have been ill," he said as-they-atobek- hands. But you must not be sorry, forr I tfas hot really ill. I was a little tired,^perhaps - k little idle, too, and I wanted a morning klone with my boy. What have you done frith Churchill, Lady Cheshunt ?" with a little ianxious look round the room—^empty for her, lacking that one occupant. " What have you done with . him.?" Ejaculated the dowager. " Do you suppose your husband is a man to bo kept indoors by any fascinations of mine ? 1 I should as boon expect to see Brutus, or Cassiu6, 'or any bf those Sbakesperian persons in togas, flaying the tame cat. I asked:, your husband to read aloud to us, .thinking: that .might , please him-—most men aro proud of their elocution,—'but you. should have seen his look of quiet -contempt.' Fl -am so sorry I am too busy-.to;allow myself the pleasure of amuBing you,* he Baid, and then went off to superintend some hew plantation of Norwegian firs.:;: Won-: iderful man 1" ' '" You have come to spend-the rest ofthe jlay with us, of course, Mr. Clissold,!"i:said |Madge,-with that "pleasant i cordial manner which was one of her charms, and iin-no {wise out of' harinony with her 'somewhat queenly bearing. Who more delightful, than a queenly woman when she desires to please? ' .. i i •.'.ii. ' " I shall be only too happy lifvl -may, and if you will excuse Imy appearing at dinner in a'frock'coat. I xeservted:this day' Ifor my visit-here.1 It is my-last:day but one inrthe west." " I am so sorry," said Madge.:' Well, since.we have yoii for:8o short a time wo tnust do our best to amuse you. , Perhaps," with a happy thought, " you would like [to go and sec Churchill's new plantation. We might go for a drive and join him." Maurice understood the wife's; "desire to jw near, her husband, a new proof: of that love which- had -an element of pathos in its quiet intensity. "I should lite" it of'all" things," he answered. « "Butare you sure you have lunched?" It was between three and four in the afternoon. " Quite sure. I joined Mr. Trevanard at his early dinner." " Clara—Laura, which of you will come for a drive ?" askek Madge, indiscriminately of the pool-players. " I know it would he useless to ask you, dear Lady Cheshunt." " My love, I would as soon drive across the Neva in a sledge for pleasure. I never stir from my. fireside, except to go out to dinner, when the wind's in the east. Setting aside the discomfort, I can't see why one should make a horror of one's self by exposing One's complexion to be rasped as the bakers rasp their rolls." The pool- players were too deeply involved in their game to care about leaving it, unless dear Mrs. Penwyn particularly wished them to go out. " Let me come, Madge," said Viola, " and lot us take Nugent.—You won't mind, will you, 'Mr. Clissold ?" "Do you think that I am such a barbarian as to object to that small individual's society?" asked Maurice. " He shall sit on on my knee, and pull my beard as hard as he likes." Sir Lewis Dallas asked to be allowed to join the party, so the sociable was ordered, and Mrs. Fenwyn and her sister retired to put on their hats. " She is looking well," said Maurice. . " No, she is not," answered Lady Ches hunt, with more earnestness than was common to that somewhat frivolous dowager. "She has never been quite the same since that burglar business." " Indeed! The alarm caused her a great shock, I suppose." " Well, she knew nothing about the attempt until it was all over; but I suppose the worry and excitement afterwards were too much for her. The man turned out to be a son of the lodge-keeper, and the woman came whining to Mrs. Fenwyn to get him let oil easily; and Madge, who is the most tenderhearted creature in the world, persuaded Churchill to use his influence -with that good-natured Mr. Tresillian, whom he. can wind round his finger," ia a whisper, "and the man got off. It was particularly good for Mrs. Penwyn, for I know she de teste that lodge, woman." " Really!" said Maurice, affecting ignorance. " Then I wonder Mr. Penwyn keeps her on the premises, now that he knows her son tb he such a dangerous character." " Yes, it's j(ist one of those absurd things men do for the sake of having their own way. I've talked to Mr. Penwyn about it myself ever so many times. ' Why do you annoyjyour poor wife by keeping a horrid creature like that!' I have asked him. ' Suppose I know your horrid creature to be deserving of protection and shelter, Lady Cheshunt? Should I not be unmanly if I were.to sacrifice her to a foolish prejudice of Madge's r he retorts. So both Madge and I left off talking about the creature; but I must say that it always makes me feel uncomfortable to see her squatting on the threshold in the snnshine, like an overgrowntoad." " Perhaps I could tell.Mr. Penwyn something-abouthis protegee's antecedents that would make him change his opinion." "Then pray do. But is it anything very dreadful ?—murder, or anything of that kind ?'.'; asked Lady Cheshunt, with a scared look. " You make me feel as if we were all going to have our throats cut. . "It is nothing very .dreadful. Perhaps hardly enough to cause any change in Mr. Penwyn's opinion. I remember that woman plying her trade as agipsy fortune-teller at Eborsham, the day, before my poor friend, James Penwyn, was murdered. She in a manner—by, thejmerest .accident, of course —foretold Jampp's early death." " Dear me what an extraordinary thing i And you find, her, two years afterwards, in Churchill Penwyn's service. That is very curious." " The whirligig, of time brings many curious., things to, pass, Lady Cheshunt. Buthere are the ladies." They; wept to the porch, where tho sociable •,was waiting for i them with a pair of fine bays, impatient to be gone. It was not an inviting day for open-air excursions, but just one of those grey,afternoons which have/.a kind ol beautj—a sentiment all their. own. V; The sombre expanse ofmoorl and, duncolour against the grey, had 1 a fine effect. They took a longish drive, made a circuit, and came, round to .the ,new plantation, where Churchill was superintending; the work, seated on his favourite, Tarpan, an animal which had of late shown himself unmanageable by any one except his mastef, and had been the cause of more than one groom's retirement from a service which was in every other respect admirable. Churchill seemed to have a peculiar fancy for the somewhat illconditional brute, though he did not often ride him, on account of Mrs. Penwyn's apprehensions. " My dear love, he will never throw me," Churchill said, in answer to his wife's request that Tarpan should be disposed of. "If I were not thoroughly convinced of that I would part with him. The brute understands me, and I understand him, which neither of those follows did. And I like his pace and action better than those of any other horse in the stable. Nothing revives mo like a gallop on Tarpan." Wonderfnl to see the influenco of Madgo Penwyn's presence on her husband, as Maurice saw it to-day. The moody brow relaxed its contemplative frown, the thoughtful eye brightened, while a gentle pressure of the hand and afondly whispered greeting welcomed the wife. " This is an unexpected pleasure, Madge," be said. " I did not think you would drive to-day." " I wanted to show Mr. Clissold your new plantation, Churchill." They all alighted, and Churchill showed them his newly planted groves, the feathery Norwegian saplings, a shipload of them brought from Norway for his special bonefit, rhododendrons planted in between, and here and there a mountain ash or a copper beech to give colour and variety. While they were walking in the plantation, Maurice and Churchill side by side, the former seized the opportunity of speaking of the gipsy woman whose presence at Penwyn Manor was a perplexity to hiin. It might possibly be an impertinence on his part to call in question Mr. Penwyn's domestic arrangements, hut Maurice felt that there were circumstances in this case which fully justified a breach of manners. " Do you know that I have made a curious discovery about a person in your employment, Mr. Penwyn ?" he began. " Indeed, and pray who and what is the person ?" asked Churchill, with the slightest possible change of manner, from cordiality to reserve. " Your lodge-keeper," replied Maurice ; and then he proceeded to relate tho circumstances of his first meeting with the fortuneteller. Mr. Penwyn received the information with supreme indifference. " Curious," he said, carelessly, " but I havo long since' discovered that life is made up of curious coincidences, and I have lost the faculty of. astonishment. Multitudinous as the inhabitants of this globe are, we seem to be perpetually moving in circles, and knocking our heads against some one or other connected with our past lives. If I had wronged a man in Otaheite twenty years ago, it would not in the least surprise me to meet him at Seacomb Corn Exchange to-morrow. With regard to the woman in question, I found her in circumstances of extreme distress, and offered her a home. It was one of those rare occasions on which I have indulged in the luxury of doing good,", with an ironical laugh. " I knew, when I did this, that Rebecca had gipsy blood in her veins, and had led a roving life. But I had reason to believe her an honest woman then, and I have never found any cause for . thinking her otherwise since. :And this being so, I have-made up my mind to keep .her, in. spite of the. vulgar prejudice against • her lawny skin—in spite oven of my wife's dislike." You are not alarmed by the idea of her relationship to a burglar ?" "No. First and foremost, I am not prepared to admit that the man is a burglar; and secondly,- if he bo, I am as well able to defend the Manor House from him as from any other member of his profession." " Except that he would have the ad vantage of his mother's lodge as a base of operations, and his mother's knowledge of your domestic arrangements," remonstrated Maurice, determiued to push the question. " I have told you that I know Bebocca to be an honest woman, whatever the son may be. Come, Mr.' Clissold, we may as' well drop this subj'ect.- You are not likely to influence me upon a point which I have maintained against the wish of my wife." • (To bf. continued,)' A small newspaper, called the Scotsman has been' published'in connection with the Scottish Fancy Fair at Emerald Hill, Melbourne. Neither in.size nor in contents does it approach its great prototype. 