MERINO. franM nrrR OWS CORRESPONDENT. I February 15. Politics are all the rage here just now, Messrs. Samuel, Shiels, and Tytherleigh having addressed meetings on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday respectively. The liberals here seem quite downhearted over the suicidal policy of tbe Liberal candi dates, knowing so well that not a ghost of a show remains for the Liberals if both rides go the poll. In the meantime I may add both are prosecuting their canvass with a zeal worthy of a better or rather more hopeful cause, neither show any signs of compro mise, and, of course, it is not hard to foretell the result. At the police court on Thursday, before Mr. J. P. Hamilton, P.M., and Messrs. Silvester, Woods, and Jones, J J. P. the adjourned case of Police v. Agnes Murphy for illegal sale of spirits came on for re hearing. Mr. Samuel, in conjunction with Mr. SUvester, defended, whilst Mr. Butler prosecuted on behalf of the police. Mr. Samuel raised an objection to the summons which did not show to whom the liquor was supplied. It might, be stated, have been supplied to their worships, in which case they could not legally adjudicate. The bench agreed with Mr. Samuel, and the case was struck out. Another case, which in various phases, has. I believe, been brought before the last half-dozen courts, was Farley v. Howarth. Mr. Silvester for plaintiff, Messrs. Samuel Vjt Butler for defendant. The details of j\' ft- repeatrd suit seem to be that the au«# Hotel is claimed by two parties, Farley and Buckle. Which is the rightful owner, would take much more law than I can command to decide ; suffice it to say that Howarth leased the from Farley for five years, but before the expiration of the time gave notice in writing that be wished to leave (exactly what Farley wanted) Subsequently, however, Howarth changed hiE mind, remained, and wished to stay on the premises nntil the term of agreement expired. Farley sought to make his tenant abide by the notice, and bad instituted the present proceedings with a view of ejecting Howarth. The defence set forth was that defendant had re-rented the bouse from its rightful owner, Backle, So after a long and very patient hearing, the benoh decided to strike out the case, Howarth of course re? maining in possession, which in this case turned out in reality to be at least nine points of the Jaw. During the hearing of the case frequent altercations took place between the lawyers, and in tbe ylddja of the proceed ings Mr. Samuel left tbe court, indignantly stating he would not conduct any case where the opposing counsel was allowed to pot gUHt&Bi; ia as u&aathoriced; form. 