ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS. THE BLACK SWAMP GHOST. By Italia. O wild went wind, thou hrcntli of Autumn'd boing, Thou from who no proncuco tho Iu.ivoh iloml At* drivon like ghonts from nn onohnntcr fleeing, Yellow and hlnolt and pulo and hoctio red, Fcntilcnce striaken multitudes. —Smki.lky'h Odo to tlio Wont Wind. Bkhidkb having ghosts of alt colours, Cockton says wo have long gliosis unci abort ghosts, thin ghosts ami thick ghostH, and ho on. Tlio ghost of which I writo differed from tliciu all. being a renl livo ghost, who talked, yellod, smoked, hwoic, u I'm nfrntcJ " and done, in faot, tho Hamo rh tliQ goncrality of people do. However, amongst tlio many pliiccs to be mot with, if wo travel, that bears tho narao of haunted, none has grcntor than the Black Swamp, which lies on the old Stock-road, from tho Billabonir to Veiiohijuin, whoro tradition tells ns n ghost ridoa ft whito pony whoso trotting powers exceed any Hung, oarthly; and ninny timoa have I hoard drovers relate how men havo been frightenod. and how horses and cattle havo ruHhed at night whon camped at tho hnunted swamp. Having been driv ing in many parts of tlio country, and, in more than one mstanco, earn pod in places winch bear tho renu tation of being haunted, and always finding it began and ended in pcoplos imagination, I nover entertained a single thought of the placc being haunted, oven for a moment. Had I doiio no, tho following catastrophe may havo been averted. In the year 18b7 I found myself fully equipped with all the nccesaarics of a drover's camp, and on tho road ?"°. B"un>' nwrning, I don't know tho date, I had InOO fat bullocks which I had to deliver at ' ouonga to a well-known Melbourno buyer. I had assisting--two black boys, a whito cook and a stock man, making 111 all a company of five. But after a week 8 driving tho cuttlo became harder to manage by way of keeping them iti motion, and not caring to trust the two black boys on waicli, I scoured tho services of an old drover named John Dixon, who was commonly called, and belter known as Skinny .lack, so called oil account of his thin, emaciated appcuruncc. Skinny, as wo called liini, proved to bo a great acquisition to the camp, as lie knew tho route, could toll whero wo could get good grass, water, are., # which ib valuable information to a drover ; bosidoH lie was a first-rule story toller, and many an hour was wiled away listening to his ghost stones and hair-breath escapes—tho truth of which I would bo very sorry to vouch for—and of which ho mllnorous collodion. And among tho most thrilling was one of the Black Swamp.« But ho to judge from his remarks, was not in any way super stitious However, four weeks from tho day wo started I found myself -established for the night on tlioo.igo of the famous swamp, and I must say, a more dreary dcsolato looking spot I never saw ia my hfc; tho water was black and scarcely lit for use, and tho scanty vocation left the dull, grov looking earth almost bare. However, we woro an comfortable ns a man could bo under a tent, with a line cheerful fire in front, and plenty of food. I had the night divided into three watches, and Skinny always had the middle watch, that is from ten p.m * to two a.m. We all retired early, except the ono ou wat«h, but about ouo o'clock 1 awoke, and pulled back the curtain of the tent, and on looking out I fancied the cattle had a large spread, as if tliev were drawing off the camp. 1 didn't look twice as a diovcrciin understand, under these oirciimstance.° I thought Skinny had fallen asleep, and to pull on my trousers and boots was the work of r. moment and seeking my bridle went and put it on a erev pony, who always was tied to a tree close at hand during the night, as n precaution, in ease of a rush ; lH'iS "r8 «u'd, I run my coat Htral> tlll0Unl> tho doubJq of a red blanket—a custom well known among drovers-jumped oa tl)e po,,^ . 1 went. I had not ridden two hundred yards when I saw Skinny, who was lying on his horse's neck, smoking. I also saw 1 was deceived as to tho appearance of the cattle ; but thinking as I got up I would go and havo a chat with him, { never pulled rein, but, to my great sin prise, ho gave a horrid veil, and away lie went through the now terrified eattlo as fast as lie could. I had no time to enquire after ■ his sudden llight, as can lie imagined. The cattle were tearing away headlong, knocking down mallee and everything almost that came in their way while the thousand of hoofs made a noise like dis tant, thunder, and I following, holloing, and tho red blanket ilnpping, 1 daresay, tended to increase their terror. However, they kept up tho pace for about five miles, when, boing failed, they wore pretty-well ' winded, and X got them under control. I then began cooing for help, hut none came near mo, aud when I considered I could safely leave them a few hours, I started oft toward the camp in no very amiable mood, for amongst other aggravating tilings, I found a linman skin is not durable enough to sit on a horse's back hone. Imagine my dismay on arriving there to find tho tent burnt,and eveiv atom we possessed along with it, and the lire getting un comfortably close to tho ration-cart. This I ex tinguished with a few buckets of water, and I again cooeyed till my throat became sore, aud began to feel alarmed. But all this time thoughts of a ghost nover enteral my head. I again started off towards u hero I left the cattle, taking a oircuituous route so i may meet my compinions who, I thought, rnav have wont in search of tho rushing herd. Tho day was now dawning, and I had not proceeded far when, to my surprise, I descried one of the black boys perched up in the branches of a myall tree I roared out in strong terms, " Come down," adding I would thrash him within an inch of his life • but seeing bo was seized with uncommon fear, I asked him what was tho matter. But the only thing I could elicit from him was "Dcbil.debil.couie long a camp take em all bullock, and kill him Skinny Jack! Ihis was scarcely said when I found my. self suddenly seized at the throat, by the latter individual, who was uttering some frightful oaths threatening to murder nie for frightening him. How I should havo ^ot out of this delimma I con form no opinion, had it not been for tho interference of the cook and stockman. I then learnt the causa of the disaster. I frightened Skinny, and ho frightened the rest. I could not help laughing when I came to think, although wo all suffered a great loss by tho fire, which was caused through the eattlo rushing through the watch fires. Skinny Jack could never bo made believe I did not try to frighten him, anil his nervous system never recovered tho shock. Ho liaB gone over to tho majority; but I saw him a year before he went, and about five years since the scene I have related took place. fancy I can see hiin now. I was arguing tho matter over with him, trying to provo to liini my innocence ; he listened attentively, and when I had finished he shook his fleshless looking head, and said "It aint no darned use, bosB; you will never git that through my shirt collar; if you hadn't a hoard mo a telling the yarn about the ghost as was seen thero on a white lioss, I would swaller it. But never mind, I forgives, yer a young feller, and didn't think aB you wbb doing any harm." 1 shook his proffered liana and walked away bub hxlbntio* An aggrieved man thus tells his melanoholy talo to tho editor of tho •• Essex Weekly News"" I had to attend at Ilochford last Tuesday as prosecutor in a Fifth of November case; therefore 1 wrote over my shop door: ' Closed for a few hours'; and when I returned, I found some one had written: ' Drunk in bed ; can't get up.' As this may injure me in my ■ business, I beg to state that I am, and have been, an abstainer for more than two years." For a bet of half-a-crown, Thomas Murphy attempted to swim across a deep hole in the liiver Kibble, called the stone Dclph, at Preston, when tho tide was nearly at full. Ho entered the water saying " Now I'jn acting Captain Webbe,"and when he had swam about 80 yards he threw up his hands and sank, not being seen again alive. His body was ' recovered in about two hours. No one that has lived in Bowral or district dtir. ing the last few years can have failed to notice tha prominence it has attained during that period as a sanitarium and favourite summer resort by tho distinguished families of Sydney, who havo testified their appreciation of its climate, etc., by the erection of most magnificent edifices for tho accommodation of their families during the sultry days of summer rendered so unpleasant in the metropolis by tho prevalence of the fiery briokfielder and that disturber of peaceful slumbers, the mosquito; these noble *8 structures in the ordinary course of nature require renovating, and this has hitherto been a matter of great expense and annoyance which has been obvi ated by .A. Bitter's appearance in Moss Vale, a thorough practical painter, grainer, decorator, etc., who is prepared to undortkae contracts in the above lines at »t«ctly raodarnte charges.—Adv. 