MRS. BIRTLES , BOARDERS. (CONTDOJED.) By E. P. WHIT WORTH. " Very well. Those who are in favor—ah 1 good. Those against—none. Carried anani moasly. Next basiness." next business, Mr. Chairman," said Bob Brown, rising. " is to charge yonr glasses —ABfull?—Gentlemen, here's success to the enterprise, and good luck to Miss Tulk, and God bless her! " ' "With ahip-hhvhip, hurrah, Ac" But a peaatrating voioe cama from the half open door of Mrs. Birtles' little back room, which said, "Too much noise. Go to bed, dear boys. Good-night, and God bless you." "All right,- mother. Good- night." And we went. "Dear'little woman. She had overheard every word we had said, and I verily believe was crying with joy when she spoke to us. And our enterprise was crowned with suc cess. Each man laid himself out for bis work, aad tbe result was that within a fort night the words were written, the music com posed, and tbe songs sung, all three of them, at a concert in which Bob. Brown was inter ested. The words were of avefcage merit; but the melodies were fresh aad characteristic, and the harmony showed the work of an ac complished musician.' They were favourably mentioned in too papers, and Messrs. Quaver, Crotchet _ Co.', the great music publishers of Collins Street, jumped at the chance of pub lishing them.' - So Misa Talk was set on her feet, foe taken largo and by, as sailors say, what with the original royalties for singing, and the copy right, for Quaver, Crotcfae & Co., bought them out and out, she netted something over sixty pounds, with tbe promise of as much work as she, in bar delicate state of health eared to undertake, and so there was great jubilation in the house of Birtles. CHAPTER VOL ~- ? a shadow or xvn_ ~ Yes, juWatioD, but not all jubilation. Tbe shock to Miss Tulk, whatever it been too great for her nervous system, unstrung as hadbeenby the grief known only to herself, to withstand with tmpunityv and—though she gradually recureied her health, her physical strength was evidently materially impaired, and her mind, if not positively unhinged, was severely shaken. There was no positive ailment, and al though Dr. Brightstone used to eafl occasion, ally to see his patient, more Ifaaey out of a *—*?"g cf sjmgAtfey sad frKau&i;&eS-; toward the sad s?ent woman who seemed to belong to another world than ours.' who was, so to speak, with'usbutnot of us, than because he thought ha could'do her much good "profes sionally, and althongh die slowly regained her colour and hear goodlooks, for although some what haggard and faded, it was easy to be seen that in ber time, and that at no very long period back, she had been a beautifo. woman, sti? he would say to us, or any of us, when she was absent, "Ah I there's some thing there that I havnt probed yet, some thing that the finger of science cannot touch. Time is a great healer, but time does not heal wound to the heaxL However, time alone can tell, and to time alone we must trust" As I have said there was no positive ail ment physical or mental, and yet there'was something that could not but cause us all great anxiety. Than Mrs. Birtles, and I may say, tbe rest of us, nobody could be kxoder, and, in an unobtrusive way, more attentive, bat she seemed to be a prey to a" kind of settled melancholy. And yet it -was'not exactly melancholy. It was rather a'restless moodiness, a lurking and ever present pre sentiment of misfortune, a weight as if ol impending trouble, a nameless terror that she could not away with.-- '"- It was no longer anxiety' for tbe material needs of the present or even of the future, for thanks to her own skill as a' musician, and thanks also perhaps to a word or so in "the right place and in dos season—"and a word in due reason how good it is"—from some of us who were not altogether without some little influence in artistic circles, her 'work became more aad mora known and appreciated, and aa a matter of course, more in demand, so that.'* tha erased oil and the barrel of meal" seemed likely never to faiL Beside that, as the days went on, and she grew'stronger, her pupils came back to her, and. soon aB her time was folly occupied in writing music and giving lessons in toe various accomplish ments of which she .was mistress. And tha poor lady was grateful, in her own quiet undemonstrative way, oh hsw grateful she was to ns. .She. might have, nay, as wo once or twice delicately hinted, now that she was getting on so well, ought, for her" own sake, to have removed to a. more fashionable part, of the city, and into lodgings more suit able to the social requirements of her position and to her breeding, but to this aha .replied Withy tears in her eyes; "And where else shall I find friends, such true friends aa I have found here. No, no, here, amongst you, have I found such peace as the world can , ever give mc. Dearest, kindest of friends, do j not weary of ma I pray. Here, with you all let mc liva my life." After that there: was of course nothing to be said, and matters quietly settled down into their ordinary groove. Bat : Miss Talk woald no longer go out teaching, in fact she seemed to havo an un controllable horror of leaving the honae, and never went out of doora oftener than she could possibly help, In fact whenever, a3 sometimes wa3 the cas<?, she obli'scd to visit one or the other mesio publisher. - !, or to goto see Mr. Lyster at the Opera -.villi o. view to the alteration or re-arranVemen; of soma pfece of music, she v.-ou'.d only 7.0 in :: c!c.;e cab, and waa in a stai. of pitiabio tremor from tha niomeni she bit until .ihe returned. Sundays only was an ezoection, ~hen closely veiled, and leaning on tho arm of stalwart Bob Brown she went to perform her duties at St. Bridget's, and even then, aa I have heard Bob say, she was wont to tremble all the way there and back. This nameless terror, this constant drjad, what wa3 it ? Some of 03 knew, or thought we knew "as in a glass darkly." Bather was it we guessed, that the sudden fright at the racecourse, and the tall, dark, soldierly look ing man, who had followed her home, and who had pawned the locket, had something to do with it, we felt convinced.- But what? Never mind what. It was a mystery. It was Miss Tulk's secret, and no business of ours to enquire into it. \- Mi3S Tolh'3 unaccountable restlessness seemed day by day to increase. It grew to bo her wont to sit at the window, shaded by the curtain:*, and jcemingiy oblivious cf all else, to watch -.villi haggard and aniious cjes for something -vhich ne ror came, something oho felt unconsciously impelled to loci: for, and yet which .-he feared.on:.?,o n':.?, and we accustomed to this strange oil hers that a: length v.-.; tool: no notice. l'u*. mc evening a .jtvangc and unacoo-int able thin,-- too:: A,-.c.?. One of those things which ::c::iati!r.es occ;;r, but which reason re fuses or is important to explain. One of thorn poycl.. - ji,j.-ttrrit.-r? bryond ir.cj reaches of our souls which f.o strongly "point oat. the truth of tho hackneye-d quotation, "There aro more things in heaven and earth than ever we read of in oar philoMphv." It was .a Cork, dismal nyht—a rol->eroble night, a night not fit to turn a dog oat in. The wind blew in Bhort, sullen grots, the driving rain fell with a heavy and intermin able swish against the closed windows, and the gas lamp at the opposite corner shone sicklilythrough.the binned glass. \"e, that is those of us whose duties did not call vi out, were snugly ensconaed in the general sitting-room, some leading, some chatting, Mrs. Birtles with ber interminable sewing, and ilm Talk talking to heredf on the piano as was her frequent habit Suddenly the snatches of aire and varia tions on them she had been playing gided off into a wild, weird, bnt inexpressibly plaintive minor strain, full of strange chords and unexpected cadences. It was tike noth ing we had ever heard.before, and ws stopped to listen to, and look at her. She seemed to be playing altogether, unconsciously, and as if she were under some unknown and uncontrol lable spell. Then, after a time, she all at once let her hands drop on the keyboard with a harsh discord, and rising from the instal ment, with a ghastly white and scared face, and dilated eyes, she rapidly crossed the room, and threw the window wide opea, staring out blankly into the murk street. A moment she stood, therein beating into bar face, and tbe sharp wind tossing her hair about her shoulders, and then, with a low, gasping scream, fell back into the roem in a faint. A' moment, and we ware at the w&dow.; Not a sight, bnt tbe shining pavement, the blinking lamp, and the dim outlines of tha opposite houses. Not a. Bound sava the plash of the rain, and the dismal sough ot the wind. What had she seen? What heard? Who knows? Nothing, maybe, except that in a waking trance she had both seen and heard the shadow and the far-off voice of coming evfl. - -, j CHAPTER IX. , DiBXEST BXTOKB BIWS. In the excitement and gratification of Miss Talk's success,! had almost forgotten tbe locket, and the mysterious man of the nee course, until I was reminded of ii one day by Mrs. Moss who had come up to see her friend, Mrs. Birtles. It waaa hot day in March, and I was just patting on a dust coat preparatory to going oat after breakfast, when the Jewess came in.' "I should like to hare a few words with yoa before yoa go, if yoa please, Mr. Grant," aha said; "Cfertainly, Mrs. Moss," I repSed, return ing to the dining-room. ~ "" "Yon. remember that locket? **ahe began. " "".Yes." ' _ . — v We?, he's beer* again.".- - * '" "' "" * " "Again—where?" " *' "To Manual's. That's Josophson. This' time it was a watch, a gold repeater, a real, Breguet,very old- fashioned, but oh! sueha beauty. Set round with brilliants arid a coat of arms engraved inside the case. I couldn't bring it with mc, you know, because the gentleman might come in any moment to re deem it. Not that I think ha wi?, for his seat mostly don't.' There was a diamond hoop ring, too, and a bracelet, bat they're not so valuable. He got twenty pounds on tbe loV* "Are you sure it's tha samo roan?" I asked. " "Oh! trust Manuel for that He never forgets a face, if it was ever so." "Wen, what do you want-me" to do?" I said. " Come round and see it.' Perhaps you can make it out. : I believe law gentlemen under stand coats of arms, arid such- like. I don't, more don't Manuel." * I promised, and called that very day. Mr. Josephson knew mc through hb sjatat- in-law, and took ma into a back office.. Unlocking a safe ho took" out the watch, which I saw at first: sight was a valuable, though an old fashioned one. Having same flight know ledge of the science of Sfealdry, I examined, the arms engraved upon it. So far as I could make oat, it was, technically speaking, as fol lows :—Gales, within a bordare, enjjra?ed or, a lion rampant of the last. Crest, a lion pas sant or, supporters, two Talbot hounds proper, collared Gales. Motto, "Husuati mhtl alemum? and surmounting the eseat "cheon was ap Eaxf s coronet. I took? a note of this, thanked him, and left. I next proceeded to the PabHe -Library, consulted "Burke," and there "soon foand what I wanted. 1 "Yes, there'it was all correct. Tha ar morial achievement'of the nobla house of Chetwysd-Talbot, tbe head of the Catholic houses of England, aa Earl Calhot unquestion ably is. Although I can hardly say I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly.some whaiStaggered. r ? What connection could poor Miss. Talk have with soch a family? And yet the portrait, the initials, the coronet on the locket, this strange man, seeing whom I felt convinced had been the cause of her fright, and who had scan, her, and: found;: oat her. residence. But then again, if be had done so, mouths had gene by, and he had made no .sign. : What was this mystery? I was deter mined to fathom it. But how? What busi ness was it of mino? What right had X to interfere? Clearly none. U Miss Tulk bad a secret, and chose to keep it, it was worse than impertinence on my part to meddle. And yet with a lawyer's instinctive wish to ferret out things, I longed to get to tho bottom of it. Ah 1 the mystery was solved, and by mc, too, sooner than I anticipated. Next morning as I vrai preparing to leave tho house, I was speaking to lli.-,s Tali at tho time, a k?oc'. ca-re to iho door. M_-,i Tulk started tyith a presentiment of evil. Joanna v.'on; to tho door and entered the room, anr.oancioT, "a to see :-lis3 Tulk. Tho vi=i:cr folio-ei cb:>? a; J:er heels, and tho door a r . ;':e leti i:, stooii with his bac'-: to it, gizhr,' at the poor lady wish infernal mali::. " Ho, :nida:n, I have found yoa?" She was as v.-hite a:,; ghost, and staggered, supporting herself by the mantelpiece. "Do not leave mc, Mr. Grant," she gasped. "Mr. Grant, or whatever the devil his name is, will leave you pretty soon if he con salts his own interest. That is to say, if he don't want to be chucked out of the window," he retorted, with a sneer. I could have killed the man. I fait that. I was accounted one of the best amateur wrest lera and boxers in Melbourne, .tad I had youth and stamina on. my side. Ha had neither, for although he was tall, and had or.cc besn muscnlar,-'! knew too much about training not to sea that dissipation had rendered him flabby, and comparatively Tvcalc and short winded. I therefore replied calmly, " As for that, this lady has requested mo to rs.-noi.o, and remain I .shall. So far as Ihro-r.-in-' ma Oct of tho window gees, I should advice yoa not to try it." He jnove-i a stop forward, a.', if to pat hh threat into tnication, but he stopped, measure! mc with his eye, and thought bet tor of it. " "\Yo'll ~ee about that la>.r," he "aid. "Who i:s thi.) in.-olent ruili.m?" la-h:d, i.jnorin,-? hi.? remark. il-. I.in-;hed a lo'.v, iiendi.di and : : aid, "Ah ! j'.Tit 30. Whoi-.he?" This low, ic r-olent rullian is that v.-oman'? himlio"-!. !.-.? her deny ii if she can. And no-v, sir, who are yo;i -j-ho dare.-i to stand bc-txeen a husband and wife, and prevent th:ir littlecnde,irc;nnt : - and This waj spoken v;ft& such an intensity of malignity, that I almost 1 shuddered. -with: .horror..' /' Is this : lrue, madam ? "i asked. .??' v [ " Yes—no—no," and the words came falter i ingly—"it is not true; That is, Imwrid i him. bat—oil t X cannot tell—the shams of it would kill mi," r ' i ?? Yon lie, yon hag," he said brutally. ; ; !.. "I .da not liftrrohl :Mr.:Grant,,l, do .not lie." - . "Lie, or no lie,- you foul-mouthed'scoun j drel," I interrupted, "you'll keep : a jeivil r. tongue in your head to that lady in my pre sence. or ITlbreak erory bone iq your body. .Yon threaten to throw me out of the'window; Yon can't, and yon know it. I threaten to yon into the gutter. I can, and I will. So be carefuL" "Who arc yon who are so scrupulous?" he asked, with a sneer; " who are you to in terfere between a woman and her loving lord andmsster?" " Til tell yoa if yon want to know," I re turned, " I am connected with the law—the criminal law, if yoa know what that means. 1 am that much professionally. As a private individual I am man enough to protect that lady, or any other woman. I hope, from a brute." i ... . ?, ? My reference to the law was a taw drawn at a. venture, bnt I saw by the whitening of his lips that my arrow had pierced,the joints of his harness. ' ..Haf laughed, but.forcedly.. ??Then if'yon aire a lawyer," he said; '* yoa knew that you mist . not meddle.:. between husband.' and. Wife." . . "The lady deniedit, and Ibdieveher,"l said, calmly. - ~ — v He became doggedlyforious. - ; ** The lady— thelady willsay^anything,curseber!" : ; "The ladyiwfll.speak the trntbj I know that of her," I retorted. , > He eyed me with a canons bcowL-v> "-Too know," be said, " what do yon know?—per haps she has told yatu ' "Not No! No! . On my sonlrEdward;- ! ' have never breathed a whisper ol' my shame to a. living souL I have never mentioned yoar name nor yonr existence.. As there is a God have iMt/' 1 The poor woman cried. " I hare hidden myself and my shame and my gricf in povertyand obecunty, and .hoped I'should neveraeeyourface again," and she bnrst into a floodof tears. I _" ? ?* Come, this sympathetic business won't go down with: me, yoQ .know r " he said ;:*? it may .'go down with some people, but I know yon, my la4y, iutf yon know me..': Are yon going to leave this suraed hole and. come vwith me, with your devoted Edward?" and be ao i compaoied his brutal sneer, with a. fiendish l?rin. - ?? oh no, no, never. Leave mem peace, ohj for God's s£ke. do. I will give yoa aD I; bave.AH lltisn't mnch, but yoniihsll have s2-i£ yea bai iesvs am inpeaeew*- ??? ' . ?lY?s. lbe wife to live in luxury.while the ; husband xtarres. - Oh, .1 have: heard of too. All about you. The talented authoress* whose . latest compositions.. have : created such-a I furore - inmutieal anies-WeHpaid, too, > I'm told.; That's luciy, for I'm denlish hard np, just new." i.... " And wcrald yon rob me of my very bread. ' Oh I Edward, you would not-do that, and after all the ili you have wrought me ? " "No," he replied, with a sardonic smile, " weTl share it together—love." t "Never, never," she tried, roused into fnry by his last tannt- " Edwaid Cartis, it that , beyour real ,name, for I know not even that, I listen to me no w. You have at last driven me to bay. and I care riotif I proclaim my wrongs even: in themarket place- I bated yon, I feared you, now I despise you." , " Quite melo- dramatic,-I declare.. ? 'What a I figure yoa will make oa the stage, when I [ place yon Utere^'iny'dear Beatrix." "Beafcrixl " I had stepped forward to smite the cowardly savage to the-floor. That word saved him. It -.was the key note, the missing link. lt flashed across my mind like 'a ray oflight- The portrait, the initials, B.C.T. Beatrix Chswynd—Talbot. Great Heavens,'.what a revelation: 1: She.went on in the torrent o! her passion. Thefierybloodof the Lords of Alton had come to the front, and no mistake. " loofc at that miserable ruffian, that cowardlybally,"Bhe said, "he married me when I was agiri, a young and innocent girl. Stole me from my father's, hense, and married me inScotiand.he did, Captain Edward Caztis. A .fine captain, cashiered for pecu lation, a rout, a.gambler, nay, worse, a sharper. I married him, and killed my. mother,' and earned my father's cftrse. Oh, thatl had torn' off the ears that listened to his lying tows, hadplaeked put the tongue that, made the fatal promise! We. went to Baden,Hombonrg; Ems, everywherewhare titers were pigeons to beplaclrad.;. God help me," and her voice died away in a piteous I was young and innocent. Ah me 1' He robbed nw of my last farthing. Thai ha stole, yes stole, my jewels, for I had jewels, plenty, and I took them with me when l eloped. And all this time he had another wife alive. I 'k?znt. it afterwards, after poor creature was dead. Z knew it, but I conld not prove it leijalfy. He had married her in France under another name. When I charged him with it he lasted, and dared me to do my worst. Then he,- oh Heaven, I cannot speak the disgraceful words—he would have sold me to eternal ehame, bat I fled, fled in hunger and poverty with my dying child, my little Beatrix on my bireaat. -1 wandered, I know not Thither, for I was mad after my baby died. The gone out of my life for ctct. People v,vre kind to the half demented '.ron?.::, and I ear ned a subsistence by my rnusici! tal-n'.i. Oncc: I ai him in Maoich. I hi:n !cr charity for I was and ho r-nsrnrl mo whh a curse and a b!o". Th'.r. I r.'::u;;o in j the river, bat I —as savrl o:n cna: crimo on the brink, by an r.r..:cl i:i -.reman [r,rm —ho .?sheltered a, ssi aij) rr.'i nr. a little paras ir> to.!;.? mo homo. 1 .::r.\ vcr.hor.t an] fcrohon hearts I to my ta*.h;r'j uo'iii, bat ho would r.c. —??. H: ."-T.t rr..i ;n"y, eras money, and ';vi_- b:rcr,-. I c.r.i to Australia to hid* my .ih-:r.o acd ?U??,nsa in another land and ::nd?r smiher cscj. "Iy history Bines that yea ki:o~r, Mr. Grant." "Upon my a visy pr-i'i'.y and j very effectively to'd, for only it, lacks one element namely :'u', r :I 'Ihi.s mad woman's :-:tory U a ?i n ; 3; h'.-j from | beginning to end '' .--id Car.:! ov.uly. " One portion cT it I.s ;.~;o r/on;.-," I said, "that you too.': ihi; jtar UJy'.< joweLi, I and that you 'have .ivr/n-. i then, I initv." He looked at rr2 c;iriau:;'y. " 7oa !mov/ ? " lIG asked. I locked him :r. v -~a ad ~a;d srmly " IV..*, I Jchr. .J.'/r.i: ::i." He started a-j if ho had hv..\ and glared a: mo r-.ava'/Vy, " 77 ua: ir. z d-r/ii u I'm moanin;; of thi:? ju?';!c7y hi jr:-;-3. What do yon ko-jr/? 77 ho an yv: '? !J " Kovcr niiiid thit. ir.ir.d J fovr.v. I !;na'v yrr. cn' u - ;':. l-'ov.' i c?o you kno"/* v/aii . by :.V. dutcctivrrj r:cr.r." ? " Mo ro r- d:-:.;or.: :?:* :d .'..2, [ hirf drr,j,r,-;; 4i l i 3'oii knot:—" j " I ::no v v/*:o .'-vJy .7;, I j t > L.; j " ir;y, ? * 1 kivoa::d [ 'vhityvi ?:ri. \Vi:y mm .C ::;:r ycti.cn iii'j rr.'y:C"/Jr:-'J 0:1 Cap f;.;y :.t; - ,'!.o ; -;^r r : whh, r.nd you v;--'rn :*>. i'-...v.r 7011 folio?-?/ vt'trt V?;rT H'n'JO. 1 -". v y^n a ;*oM hracrdei rjii-i and a '.iramond xhrj, In I>o:irk/: f.h^ otlior day. Thoro'.i a hicli'.L y;o !lir.t I ku'j* all about. 111I 1 1 j 0 ar:ni ca tho anl coronet and initial.! on tbo loosot are pretty ?rtr-kight'p"3en<-e tt_^ att events?.. w ,. ; M a.? ? ??.,., wn, /;" But they wcro-my wife ?;';. j-'Smg to a _?> K.-Bahl don't be absoxd. iXteypuimMinea;.. ' dfctingui?hed aweU mobsman: can: incogTuto. -N0,,a0. Tuorn than yonA. could if you <mer% a tires here, and they're g?aerally thought, to ba ;lairly^_y/ , /;K;':: '? V*?ny<OilX '?'.;";,- ; - -: This was a pretty tall game of "bluff " on my paifc-but every shot'told. 'His .nether-.- lip trembled, and he said in a -low voice, "What's the lay?" ? "That youll know soon enough if yondon't clear out, and that quickly too. Would you like this- pretty story to be told beforo a police magistrate? Ho absolutely trembled with terror.^ "You're a poor cowardly after all. Don't be alarmed. Yon'ro not required just at present; but if yon aro wo snow well enough when and where to lay onr hands on you. Now you can go; but mark iae now, if yon; "dare to aoooy tiiis lady again, by word, letter, or message, you're booked sure, and you may ; 'guess what" that means. Now go. Stop*, though, hand mc over those pawn' tickets, for the property belonging to Lady Beatrice Chet- : wynd, Talbot." ' Ha was completely 1 cowed, and "? handed ~ them' over with trembSng hands, '? and' * out a word. . ' ? > >? *? "?" -. .'' ><i 'During this unexpected, denouement, Miss Talk;'as I stilt call her, Btood'gaaing r and Has tening like one in a dream." The tables were so completely turned on her'persecutor 1 that J abe'seemedas if she conld neither understand" nor believe-what was Occurring- "" '' -*? * ''' Bat when the man aha- ''had' onoa laved - turned to slouch away, aB too pity of * a greats woman's heart buret forth- in-ita tenderne is. " OO r Edward, thatit should coma to'this fo ?< this, at last; Anoutcasfand svagabond'on * the faea at the earth. See, here ia money. Twenty wounds. It will keep you from star-. ?ring and froaa temptation. -Take 1 it in Heaven's name, and reform. - See here, too is a lock of baby's hair cut from her head as she lay ro her little coflin in far off 3ennany. - When yoa are tempted to evil, look at it and < pray for help." And now go your way, and ' may God; in his infinite mercy forgiva— - as-I—I—I—" He aleuched Out without a word, even aar she spoke, and with true womanly consistency she seized my hand, kissed it gratefully, and than fctlia a dead faint on the floors ': * \- - X , Jw '! li'XBVOI.7 ""*" " - Three yeare later; and we a?—jftxceptpoibr Frank Yar—ey—are again 'at Flemfngton'to ' see the Cap Race of 1832.- It is, certainly a change for the worse, so fax as* weather - is cancerneaAfbr although 'it was bad enough - for dnst then, we have had the dost fiend rampant aB morning, and" a "downpour of v soaking'rain'a? srtternooa.' Not,'that .we * mind it much, for wo are welf tinder cover. * " But there are other changes aa'we hops and think for .the better, -for~whieh Mother Bristle* has m-a 1 .great: measure" to account; : From tbe Chateau de Birtles,-Bob?rown-has" , led Cassandra Drummond, no l Unwilling vic tim to the altar .of Hymen; to be out done, George Saville has performed the same" fast with Anna Gadd. ? ,- j - Mrs. Birtles is as cherry-lipped and rosy cheeked /as evar, and Mrs. Moss -wears the same fearfully and wondcrfa?y colored dreese3 as of yore. - --- , Miss Talk—we always call her Miss Xutk —who,-. although aha ha? t risen to fame aad j consequent wealth, sticks to the old- home, - sad ia likely to do so until aha leaves it for a -.. pertnanent-one. She is happy and content In the love of her old friends, although the. .- shadow of her great grief can never be totally effaced. ?? -. , ~ ?-, . , <;- Joanna is, it is mysteriously keeping company," which, if yoa please, he's, a baker, and quite respectable." . The baby, always tha baby,, baa. grown to ?<? the dignity of short dressej—not frocks mind —and pantalettes, and is dignified accord ingly. There are some new faces in the bona?, but old Skerry philosophises as usual in the_ corner, and takes the head of tha. table , tha "Father of the Chapel," retired-, ~ ~ , .' I am there too and am. yet looked upon as a rising leading luminary—still rising,yoa. win observe. > , , , Tom Drummond is stationed in a bank in Williamstown, but,calls and sees as now and < again. , " , ,". , t Dr. Rrightatene, I beg bis pardon, the Hon.„ ? Dr. Brightstone, for be,has attained that. honorable and well-deservad position, is a 5..., cheery aad perhaps a little stouter than he', ased to be, and still holds hii annual levee oa,, Cap day. r r „? '* , And Birtles, did he ever turn Op? j I don't think so. Bat I do know that about eighteen.. months ago Mrs. B. went np the country , suddenly for, about a fortnight, taking the , baby with her, and returned, with; very red. eyes, and deep mourning. Perhaps that bad.- something to do with the emnt.one. Edward Curtis has faded from sight, - almost from memory. Whether he reformed or not no one knows. Let as only trust that , the little carl might have the, effect on that , bad man prayed for by the.donor, and that in the Matter's good time, even the Slackness of his sins may be turned into the pare white of tha perfect day. I ms zsd. ~ i 