ODD,S' AND ENDS. (By " Vauiukn.") .Honry Stubba -the 111:\yh[i;iper tullsu.'i—while riding a bicycle was "by sumo mentis"' thrown to tho ground. In liia case the means consisted of a wheelbarrow ami tho gable-end of a coffee stall. liufc bicyelo accidents occur when thoro are no wheelbarrows! within " ooooy." 1 mn full of information 011 the subject, sol must let out. Man has been called tiio "thinking animal." Tho definition is too loose, tooelastio, too indeterminate. Had ho been called tho " riding animal," tliero would bo somo sense in it. l<Yom tho scantily accoutred billy-goat ridden by tho youthful " larrikin," to the gor geously caparisoned elephant guided by tho youthful " Rajah," every mortal animal from a inula to a megatherium has been ridden by men. And this brings 1110 to bicycle:}. There was ones a Sandhurst young man of prepossess ing appearanco. lie had a diversity of acquire ments,ranging from mumble peg to tho binomial theoroni, and could always bo depended on for a straight flush at poker. lie wanted to ride, so he started on a machine with livo wheels, and whittled them down by degrees till they got to three. He stuck thoro a long timo before lie tried the bicycle. When ho did, lie got a big one (lie was " around " when leg3 were being served out), and had a ladder to climb' up. Jlu rallied the machine a few days ago. It got him into trouble with a cow. Talk about a pig or a mule I They are well enough in thoir way, hut for sheer, unreasoning obstinacy, they are not a "circumstance" 011 a cow when you are going dbwn hill on tho front wheal of a bicyclc, whilo tho back wheel is bumping over road metal and stray billots of firewood. Well, one day he turned a sharp corner and saw a rumi nating cow leisurely crossing tho road a few yards in front of him. The track was narrow and tho oow apathetic. To work I10 could not, to beg ho was-1—- hold 011; 1, too, am getting 6ff the track. Two courses were open, and being an old pressman, lie took tho whole situation in at a glance, just like (one mustn't .mention names) some of our citizens when they tucked their legs under the mahogany , at the Mayor's bau quet and observed tho " dlirink." lie had to run into tho, tree-guard or into the oow. In this1 supremo crisis lie chose tho latter. Who can blame him? Having gone through a series of evolutions that would have made the fortune of a professional acrobat, lie sat down with Some emphasis on a junk of road metal three or four hundred yards away. lie walks to his business now, anil will not travel in a railway carriage unless it has six wheels. Three hundred stood at Thermopyliu against, a host. A Prahan man defied an army 011 Sun day last. It was theSalvation army;and howasa bricklayer. He got terribly mauled (somo of these converted people are dreadful hitters), aud prosecuted besides. His dcfenco was curious; He said I10 wanted to join tho " foorco," but his demonstrations were taken for obstruction (are you listening, Colonel Booth?). S6 he was knocked down, lined thirty shillings, and then told ho might enlist. His response was naivo (good word that ; I'm not quite clear myself Mjhat it means). He said he wouldn't join now unless they mado liim a '• captain " at six bob a day, anil tho privilego. of catechising all female converts under twenty-one. Refused with costs. ; Tho English bishops have decided in convoca tion to go 'dead against the legalisation ol marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Tlioy were, of course, quite entitled to their views, but, iinpolitically—as" I think—they gave reasons. A sensible man never gives his reasons. He knows that doing so is as.foolish as a general exposing his Hank or weakening his base. Among the bishops' reasons, 01111 is that " it (legalising marriage with one's sister in-law) must seriously endanger the friendly relations between Church and State." A Minister of the Crown in Victoria; once de manded why the Cerberus didn't fire a . salute when he went aboard. The commander sub mitted. thirty- two reasons. I forget thirty-0110 of them, but tho thirty-second was "becauseho was out of powder." Loosen the relations be tween Church aud State ! Why, it is just what the best men in England liavo striven, prayed, suffered for since the Stuarts tried to spread Episcopacy north of the Tweed. John Murphy (singular patronymic) a/iai "Speed" or'"Spud," was charged with damag ing Mr. Mitchell's property, tlo saw some of the young Mitchellsontside and—so the evidence says—"punched their heads." Mitchell /.ere boro this with some equanimity, especially as one of liis '' kids" had hit himsolf over the head with .a paling that morning, but when " Spud" (having "bunged up" the young Mitchells) turned his attention to the hall door aud stove" that in with a kick, it was a different thing Thus we see that the amiable qualities possessed by the Murphys" in "oulil Ireland" are by po means foreottcn by them when they travel. This is a3 it should be. Many men, when they leave home and become prosperous, either here or in America, don't know themselves. They get pianos and singing masters for their daughters, and bring their sons up to patter " French" and " rastle" with Latin hcxamoters. To tho credit of tho "Spuds" it must bo said that no matter how they get up in tho world, they never take " lip" from anybody, and nevor see a head in a " convaynient" position without hitting it. I drink to you, Murphy, and may you live long enough to " wipe the ilurc" with the onemies of your name—especially the dirty Mitchells. Tho most elastic crime in our criminal codes is "insulting behavior." John Stanlield was brought before tho "coort" on Monday, for going into the telegraph office (Melbourne) antl refusing to leave. The hriad official was a lady, and she (cruel one) gave him in charge. Where was the insult? John had to bo handcuffed, and " towed" out. Ho was at one end of a ropo, and there wore six policemen and a bull dog at the other, so he left tho premises after kissing his manacled hands to tho stony-hearted principal. Thoro are two: solutions. The first —that he was in liquor—is untenable, as it was proved that he had only had a gallon of beer and a bottle of Schnapps during the evening. The other, thathe was the victim of a devouring, unrequited flame for the telegraph mistress—is the probable key. Cheer up, John. There are some post aud telegraph mistresses up our way (old Bendigo way- " fust" turn 011 the left after you pass the Police Court in Swanston-street), who, in lieu of giving you in charge, will take charge of you themselves, you "dorg." One " beedle" came out of gaol at noon on Saturday. At a quarter past twelve lie was up to his neck in it again—this time for fighting. Odd, is it not, that a man should start a contest after three months on skilly? Constable Stewart ran him in this time. The " beedles" were always a troublesome lot—as long as I can re member—but they spelt their name different then. It was " beadle" at that remote time. Many a good game of " pitch and toss" and " blind all fours" they ruined by turning up uninvited during Divine service on Sundays. " Pressure of business" prevented a poor Collingwood 'inan from attending the meeting of tho " ante-opening-the-library-on-Sunday-or exhibiting-pictures- fromthe-nude" society a few day3 ago. He meant, of course, " pressure of creditors," which interfered somewhat with his freedom. Oh ! he was a shining light in trade, and hid tho funniest way of realising on merchandise so as to make his liabilities thousands, and his assets what the Irishman shot at. He was a born humorist. It would make [vide speech of Davy Buchanan in the Sydney Assembly) "a cat laugh"to seethe way he collared the sugar. But his creditors—dull people that they were—failed to see the intense jocoseness of the proceedings. Creditors as a rule are a stupid lot, except like the Melbourne money-lender and J.P., they rako in 1,400 per cent. Well, this conscientious person trembled with apprehension—like the Glasgow bank directors—at tho prospect of tho " Continental Sunday," so when he gets out of his present trouble, he intends to immigrate to some country where the roosters arc loeked up on Saturday night—where, in fact, there will be 110 " Chloes" or Sundav trains, or Rev. Mr. Strongs—no " nothink" to remind him of the bold, bail men composing Victorian judges and juries. Yah! Down in* Tin; Dark.—In the lower levels of the Comstock mines—particularly those long abandoned or unused—are seen many wonder ful growths of different kinds of fungi. Some of these are of great size, almost filling up drifts, and seen by the dim light of a candle look like sheeted ghosts. Down below in the dark these growths seem to strive to imitate the forms of things seen on the surface. In one of our mines, was onco found an imitation of a fancifully carved meershumpipe, stem and all, so perfect that it would be easily mistaken for the genuine article if not taken in the hand and closely examined. Some of the fungi resemble the horns of animals, and are fiom two feet to a yard in length, while others might pass for petrified devil-fish. The Life of Sir Jons O'Sftaxassy.—The friends of the late Sir John O'SIianassy will (says the World) be gratified to learn that bis most intimate friend for thirty years, Mr. W. II. Archer, has undertaken to write the life o; the deceased statesman. Mr. Archer liaJl the privilege of sharing the State secrets of the Cabinets of which Sir John was the Premier, and his revelations relating to these may there fore bo expected to cause surprise to contem porary politicians. 