CHAPTER XXXII. Tin: oovkunou’s ball. 1 JIG'm 11011-4(1 Iked*of ball at length arrived, nt,which Her Majesty’s now representative in Viotoria entertained the tlien elite o[ thoeolony. Much speculation had been indulged in of Into in Melbourne ns to the impression which the nowly-nrrived Govornor would make on the public. His popularity in the colony, it was known, would entirely depend on sagacity and good government, qualities which his pre decessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations were made in the sliapo of pur chasing dresses, especially by tho fairer por tion of tho community, for the grand occasion. I arrived moderately early at Govcrmcnt House, tho ball-room was tilted out for tho occasion m magnificent style, and all the arrangements were carried out with taste and completeness. The ladies were dressod in a gorgeous and expensive style ; but I was hot a little proud to observe that tho lovely Miss Gracm excelled them all in beauty and brilliancy. Tho notice she attracted before she lmd long arrived was manifested among tho group of gentlemon around ,mc. “ Who is sho ?” said one. “My eyes, what a stunner 1“ exclaimed another. “ What a glorious creature. Docs any one know her name ? ” asked a third. “Ask Bloomfield there,” remarked one of my acquaintances; and an eager crowd at once gathered round me, pressing mo for tho wished-for information. I answered with as sumed indifference— “ All I know about the lady is that her name is ^Misa Graem, and that she is a Sydney “ By jingo,” said one, “I often heard of tho beauliful Sydney natives, but nevor until this momont had such proof.” “Btoomficld is a lucky dog to bo ac quainted with such a raro boauty,” whispered another. Hamilton came near at this mo ment, when I stepped to one side with him. His first observation was— fi Jd^?^511^ W°M to night, Bloom* “Sho looks aharming, Hamilton. All tho • gentlemen present are struck with her beauty, so that yon mustJook sharp after yourprixo,” “I think that you ought to assist mo in tho dofenco of the fair citadel, Bloomiiold, and luonopoliso her company when I am not near, for I would tire her by pressing my company too much; and besides, you are getting an im mense favourito with her,” “ Poor Hamilton,” I thought, “you arc not so deop in love matters as you are in legal ; otherwise you would not rely so much on your friend’s assistance.” I felt for the moment a strong conviction that I was not dealing hon ostly with my friend. But, alas! the conscien tious scruple soon vanished when I found my self engaged with Winnie in the maxes of tho exciting dance. Oh I tho delirium of those delicious moments as we whirled round the , brilliantly- lighted hall. The consciousness that I was loved in return by the acknowledged hollo ot tho ball, whoso dazzling loveliness at tracted so much attention, Was sufficient to break down the barrier of reserve which I had constructed for the sake of my friend Hamil ton. I shall leave my case in the hands of a jury of .bachelors, who may hnvo found them selves whirlin'; in the danco under circnm stances similar to my own. I could not help acknowledging my lovo. Several times tho lmnRo of Edith Mowbray appeared to my mind's oyo ; but remembering how cruelly she had deserted mo, pride each time came to my relief. " Ah 1 ” I thought, “ would sho wore horo now to seo tho charming .croaturo that leans on my nrm, and return tho affec tion which sho has spurned." Twico.I imagined, while meditating thus, that 1 caught n glimpse of tho doep- bluo oyes which had kindled my boyish love, and tho samo graceful figure in tho person of a lady who whirled with her partner near us ; but I was too full of my own thoughts to take much notice of tho rcsomblanco. I remember pausing for a few seconds to rest, and also to (jive my partner a bettor op portunity of rcplying-to my ardent proposals. My arm-supporting her waist, and her left hand rested upon my shoulder, whilo tho othor was detained by mo. Thus wo stood back out of tho course of tho dancers, I bent my face close to her car, saying— " I shall bo very proud, Winnie, of ongaging the greatest beauty hero this evoning it sho will only say the little word that my heart is yearning to hear.” She blushed nnd bent down her eyes, ns if shunning tile gaze of some ono behind, in which direction her oyes woro turned, without replying to my question. “ What do you say, lovely ono ? Am I then mistaken in your affection ? For pity’s sake, relievo ino out of my misory.” A gontlo pressure of both hor hnnds inter rupted tho protestation, and sho whispered— " The lady behind will overhear. She is casting suspicious looks towards you." I changed my position a littlo in ordor to face a lady and gentleman who I knew wore standing like ourselves out of the danco to rest, when my eyes encountered tho samo orta which had flashed upon mo several times in tho waltz. Wns it dreaming or was it tho ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before me? I was transfixed—unnble to move or articulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from tho lady, who but for her partner's as sistance would havo fallen. Her cheeks be came very pale, nnd she appeared ns it about to faint. Her partner nssisted her out of tho saloon, while I stood whore I had first soon hor in a most porfeot stato of bewilderment. Winnie gazed nt mo in utter astonishment, and hor words," " Como into tho air," brought mo to my senses. " Willingly,” I replied, conducting hor mechanically through tho throng of loungers. " Do you know who that lady is ?" she en quired eagerly. “ I think I do; but I am not certnin,” I re plied evasively. " I noticed hor several times watching us during tho waltz. But what a lovely woman she is, far handsomer than poor mo, although you flatter me so,” said she, slightly pouting. “ She is not handsomer Winnie; of that I am positive; butlioro comes your cousin, and ho will find out who sho is.” When tho question was put to Hamilton, ho exclaimed— " Bless you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection ot the Governor's by marriage. Why, everybody is crazy about her beauty. I heard n lot of fellows arguing whether sho or a certain other lady I know is tho hand somer, and opinion seemed to bo divided. Bat I believe she is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a nephew of tho Governor. Why, what is tho matter with you, Bloomfield ? You look ns if you hod s-.cn a ghost." After leaving Winnie with her mother, Hamilton and I stopped into tho refreshment room. I now remembered, that although I had told him of my disappointed love and tho fickleness of my fair one. I had never men tioned her name. Now whon ho was apprised ot tho facts ho manifested great surprise. That Miss Mowbray was still singlo confoun ded us, nor could wo account for tho mystery. “ Why, shehas repented, Bloomfield ; you’ll find that out yet. The fellow appears to bo quite spoony about her, sticking to her like n leech since they entered tho hall; but she docs not soem to care very much for him." “ What is lie like, Hamilton? I was so confounded that I never noticed his looks.” " Why, I must confess lie is a handsome fellow, but not so manly in appcaranco to my fancy aij you are." . Our conversation was interrupted by sovornl fricqds entering tho room, amongst whom was the Ooloninl Treasurer, who came near me, saying with a significant smilo— “ Hullo, Blooirfiold, you must bo in high favor hero. Tho Governor’s private secretary was inquiring whether a gentleman of your name was at the ball to- night, whon I answered him in tho affirmative. He was also enquiring about some other name which I for got ; but on hearing who you woro ho was satisfied. I expect to hear you being sent for ono of these fine days.” I guessed the renson of tho private secre tary’s enquiries about me, although I did not satisfy tho Treasurer on tho subject. Tho re action which suddenly took placo in my feel ings on boholding Edith Mowbray so unex pectedly: was most extraordinary. Although Iliad wished; her present several times that evening to witness my conquest of the beauti ful Miss Gracm, and to see with what indif fcrenco I treated her inconstancy, whon sho actually stood before me I felt liken criminal, especially when I suspeoted that she understood what had passed between my charming partner and myself. However, on reverting to her letter I considered myself quite justified in my conduct and perfectly free. I debated with my self on the Bubject whilo returning to the ball room, whore I boheld tho object of my thoughts. Mr. Stanley was still in her com pany, or rather was her partner in a danco. On tho next dance being about to bogin the gentle man, after a whisper from Miss Mowbray, ap pronchod mo, introducing himself, nnd ndding: . ” I havo the ploasuro of informing you that I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to pre sent hor compliments, and ask that you will favor hor with your company, ns sho lias some nows for you from your friends at I obsorvod that Miss Mowbray had left tho hall when Stanley came to mo with the mes sage, and when X accepted tho invitation ho conducted mo to a small npartmont or private room, pn entering ho announced my name, formally introducing mo to Miss Mowbray, and then quitted us. Edith was standing in tho centre of the floor, and approached mo with a sad kind of smile, saying— “ I am happy to seo you, Mr. Bloomfield, after such along separation. I hope you have boon well sinco last I heard of you." ' " Perfectly well, Miss Mowbray; you are welcome to Australia." “ Thank you. Pray, take a scat ;I havo some news to tell you from homo," sho said, plncing a chair for me, and taking one her self.” “Homo'hows is always acceptable to a colonist,” I replied in tho same cool and dis ant tone. Sho heaved a deep sigh, which she strove to conceal. "I did not imagine," sho said, “when we parted in England many years ago that our mooting again .would bo so cold and re served. .. ; , ’’Neither did I, Miss Mowbray,” I replied boldly;. Vibut"time .alters many thingsit seems.” A pnuso ensued, during which I for tho first timo tlmt ovoning scanned tho faco of my companion ns she sat with her head bent downward, nervously playing with her watch chain. Silo was little ohnngod sinoo I had last soon her, except that from a girl oho had expanded into a woman, and that her beauty was in a much more pronounced diameter thnn in those old days. I was struck when X hoard her voice with its similarity to that of Edwin, her cousin, whom sho resembled nlso in face. From somo unknown enuso bIio started several times at my voico as I spoke to " I stipposo you hnvo not heard ns yet tliat your sister Hobo and my brother Altred nro married,” sho remarked in a trombling voice. " I had n letter a fow days ago, intimating that tho marringo would tnko plnco in a week from that date.” " Then you hnvo hoard from ltoso lately ? ” sho added, with seeming uneasiness. 11 Ilor letter was written aftor you loft for London to join your nunt; but I nover bus pooted that it was your rclativo who came as Governor hero, for ltoso nover mentioned his name, but said that ho was appointed an Indian Governor, and was returning thonco.” ■ "So ho thought himself; but ho was ap pointed for this colony at the last moment. Bid ltoso say any moro about mo ?” bIio en quired timidly. "Sho did, and even enclosed mo your note to her from London,” I replied significantly, while I watched my companion's counten ance. I perceived that sho trembled at tho words, and turned away her face. I judged that sho wns ngitated, but con sidered that sho deserved the pnin which was inflicted by tho nows. “ Of courso you thought tho news in that letter extraordinary, anil I may oven say " I expect it is too into to talk about tho subject now, so with your permission we will drop it,” I replied coldly. “ I duro say you are right. Tho subject is too painful to bo introduced nt our first meet ing, and I oxpeet you aro impatient to got back to the ballroom. I trust you will forgive mo for detaining you so long from your beautiful partner, who I have no doubt will bo tho futuro Mrs. Bloomfield.” " Not boforo Miss Mowbray is changed to Mrs. Stanley,” I replied bitterly. “ That will bo never," Edith remarked with emphasis, surprising mo very much. " But you have not mentioned the lady's name,” she pursued* " I must confess sho is one of tho handsomest girls I over beheld." "Her namo is Miss Grnom—a native of Australia. So you see, Miss Mowbray,- wo can produce passable specimens of fomalo beauty.” " I fear sho may get jealous at mo detaining you, so wo had better, return to tho ballroom. But before wo part I must ask you to visit mo somo other day, as I have several things to say which our short interview nt present for bids. I shall inform my nunt who you arc, so that your company at Government House will be always acceptable.” " Thank you, Miss Mowbray ; I shall avail myself on your kind invitation on somo futuro day. Aro you engaged for tho next waltz ? If not, may 1 have tho pleasure of engaging you.” “ Undoubtedly for tho Bake of old times, Mr. Bloomfield.” Sho took my arm, and wo re-entered tho ballroom just ns a waltz wns beginning. I saw Hamilton with his cousin walk away when Edith and I took our places on the floor. Thinking that Winnio wns indisposed, when tho dnneb wns ovor I enquired for Hamilton. I was informed that Miss Groom's party had left, and that she was unwell. I was very uneasy on hearing this, and feared that Hamilton had revealed my secret. After parting with Edith in better humour than I had anticipated at our meeting that evening, I gained my hotel, my mind filled to overflowing with strnngo nnd conflicting emotions. 