LOCAL AND GENERAAL NEWS.. Bonlii s' English circus, with a large company of clever performers, opens in Ipswich to-maorrow' evening. The lengthy season that this magnificent troupe has been performing in the metropolis, and the splendid patronage bestowed. upoh it, tends to show that ,it posgseses considerahle,talent, and that the Queensfand jiblic are not niggardy'in sulpplort ing a good circus. It is no oes? e i lrie lajbpbie visited Ippwich, and we.should think that a glance at Mr.ndnhamo's announcement in thih aiormiig's paper will satisfy all that hlie will be able to piresent a splendid programme '?i ?-he?Q'ith1yai g ttlhe men rhln,4oaaascaeroats..Jngglert .JaaimwnceŽ pe .orajewa,d&4,he-0ompanys a-nvery anueroura ne, - aod, as the circus is to perform but two nights here, there should be no lack of aimnsenminiit for those who .patronise it.- On Saturday afternoon a performance ,is:to be given, commenecing at half -past 2 o'clock, for thie conveniecue of children anod eountry residents. .Ct1 Mopg biga's Metututal Inipiovemein Society ChrIJ che, i sp t chool-room of the Congregational Church imetone-street at.half-past7 o'clock this evening, for the transadtion of important business. We have been asked by oine nioobers of the Ipso wich P1'4rjimbpWtyt 7htB tp onsmiond th?g?tloritis. that it is quite time that the usual proolanmation for the opeuiug of the twentieth annual session was pub lishoed. Os hon I es :l informi s ti e ev94 gentlcnst:A li)tb dobntoot/l." ith t'th4 " oalne have expressed their. >At@itioflD ?.l kitiOangl? qo cncies to represent; and, seeing that the evepjiuu are now pleasantly cool, and that the weekly ghlto ings of this now quite venerable institution afoldaa excellent opportunity for both iost?'retion audlejoys ment, we commend the matter to, the-l-tm. bhp Speaker and the leadors of parties,. aeultrust that'oir in.quiring friends.rill.soon -ecoivei-tlh dsired'suion mons to must ee the deepatnh p' b higoes t "t All peor a teese in the forniiu in Ipwichh of a branch l,.tie l?.h 2fational4ýtie are nvited to meet in .Parit'se Hall, Da, eg-stiret, at half past 7 o'cloe khis.evening. r: s.W. ?edmond and J. Walsh aRllbefareaentand addt the neeting. The annual'eetifng of the parishioners of St. Paul's Angliban Church in thit tob e( ostpobnol from Easteruesday) we held in, the a h661-room on Tuesday vening last. The liev. H. Heath,-the rector, pre cod and there were about forty memn bere pre?e ?Thbh"mreeting weas ivery satisfactory one. The urehwardilens' report and the a:counts for the yesjwhre submitted. These wereof a parti cularly f v'eimrle iaathre..and showed that alto gether nu ?e 1200 had been raised and disbhrsed on Church audimprovement account, and'that' a credit balance oft:66 wes left to carryforwardto the current yeg. At the lacd annal 'ieicetinig there its a consid lerdlebt.on the Sninday-sehdol-room : bht during teyea£247'waecolleeted for iuhprovemcsta. alone, tliaitm?ovement\acoent being now alto gether wi~. pt. The Clhreh funds readihed a total of £9323 'boing.ecopisidetble'adrance in the offertories loring'the year. The'iunday-achools at North andehoqth IpsWich ?acrbrr'ep0rtfld,t?re?ioita; very flourishingcondition. Theaumm?eei.d children on the books was 1102, and £88 had been -subscribed in various ways towardd the diihtoeaance'of, adl ex penes eonntted.with, :the; sohbola'? Thexeprt wans adoptediandthe oet-going chnrdlwardeuere-electedt They atrMeesir:.Geb.nt. Wilson and 1 :.. Kenodlt (peoplc's wardens) and J..,t.. Atkinsop. (redtoa'e; warden).I The auditor-Meesnre {Janned Gibsohriuxl G. Rt. Wilson-w-ere alo- unanimousl.y re-elebtsth The rect4r.*hen alluded to the questiqn of a parsonage, at Harrieville for his. assmistanitninistor, and;nat nunouced that'he hbad alreddy. £100 prooninedtoxards its erection. Ht 'also :invited the -meeting to pro-; vide andther ehairbto oorreipond with the onemiready, inside the; comnmion-railing: .I .Some other ,smnall mattorsin'connehtion ewith thd xbrkingfpbthe'parish were then'efernred to. and,'iftera.nost'cordiatlvote, of thankshid beenaeceotded toetheeurchsyardu-e, the auditors; 'andall'Chures':workerse the -neotieg conclundetlwithrthe prenduheing-of the benediction. The e'eimal..mont~mly rIofctnpfeel the Ipnwvic~i Voles teesr Firfe ''igitdie wras lid'! beat s-eeing. Seperin-' tendent Darker presided, and there was a very good attendai?dh of h?dnibdei 't i 'TheiCalrmad informeod the mneedug'thattheFire'Brigade Board foer the year was now?ib'im'idtitdited, .MrG F. Chubb'aud bimsilf having Mees chosen by the Gboweanmeet,, Messrs. J. K. Donaldnidd-T.WeMaloey-lettedrby.the eire?n. sierance agent4,nAldpssagBso Broy.ppoiite4,.toseprne.. sent the Municipal Council, and liisVe'orhip .the Mlayor being chairman ex oj'iel minpuqg vrersation timensud r ,rt '? , i loo t O pft. of hose ordered, pme g~ '¶itc~sg A $ feS&i;~t1ýiftnL ohbtatsingwit.. The secretaryreported" tlit'no Sf?i *ad occurred during the month. Business hbeing then b'fi1;tn!MitaisllttibonTirtot irraltlmetrltldotthr secretar anesoriaed tomend-r-h?tegc th Queen of Tins' atafor a return inat r to lbe play on Satuqiy, Ue?4th instant, at Noh Ips wich. Be h? iepeeipglthe members went t for a litt pre, ?h-?red to hold the next a ie as po sie ht?eigll>Qfull moon. An ve, oiht, 7i11--hiof interestte spo gm mIaOtu ml off t'ioonal oSatfbitaf afte on next, at 4 o' lock-?.?,; a hurdlp.race be-. twee Mr. T. H. Noonan' .ickstep andi Mr. C. Wa Charlie. The distae is a ,niltm?nd a half, and o owner of the winjeer is to4 ke' tihe other horse T or hree weeks ago we % tthatlt Mr:ohln Roa, f loon, had bean enakitig an eifrimnent in th meanu cture of sugar?onmi the amber cane a sp e f r hum- and'"lad left dja sample 6f the jniceprtyrup. Thlt t is gene.lnaty belied, .'i at granidato if ngld aeenrdin to thee iniyeyetem of u sar-nmaking ; ibut Mr. lihea ban si lenfts asmall quactityof iundrainedd sugar whie nc Int esuccded innobtainigjsy the usual proe. Thins, he says, is a.t.proof that engar can he so ma ufactured froni, the amner cane, though tihe percentage is not what it should be. In America, we i?ercv, aeptontcupm'ocss is in use for theinmaeipu. lation of thcil c,, my which tihe full percentage of sngar ) obtained: f scientifie men here-eould take the rentter up and initiate a similar prneeti it might form valuable addition to 'the industries in this pant f the colony. Mr. Rea is of opinion that Southhrn Qqeensland would;'tne much benefited therelt, because tiheamihbere?fie could hextensively cultiv tod where the ordinary-su'ary cane eannot be suce fully grown. Its eultiation, top,-is _very simpl anid the camine only tak?o a fewn months to matur . , IDul gthe week ending on the let instant one femlale wqe admitted into tlhew W?oogaroo Ltunatic A ayhltsiud one dqeath tqok.plice'-that of a China-. iman ?aj?Idl Sting Jeoog, who died of exhaustion. Thore ore now s287 malei audt24t females its the it stitutibn, and there are still 100 males in the Satmdy GalloAsylmun. S.P., in aceordancee'ith his usual caster, forewarded a parcel of newspal?pers for thi patientS. Th eusual quartedry Registration and Rovision Court a's held in Ipswich on Tuesday, labt, when the lis for Ipswich, Rcosewood, and those parts of Buud ha Fasifern, and Stanley which are within the Iioiwl police district were dealt:'with. The Policeih gistristte tsat ott the Bench for the whole of these, AI. P. Ward assisting whOen the liats, for the B3undo ta eltaiorate were being attesided Ao. The result jf the revision was that 44 nstamns.wr added to the leetoral-list for Ipswich, 25 for Rioeuwood, 28 for 5tanley, 25 for lundalha, and 42 for Fassi. fern. Claims to have namtes itssetedi on the vaiouos rolls Were also received and registered as follows : Ipswit, 51 ; Rosewood, 31; Bundanba, 14 ; Fassi fern, 43-1 and Stanley, 14. ueenesianderswlwho haverecentlyre-visited Sydney -have expressed surprise at? he -ltentluderfl prqgree .which hlat city has madeof late yetth. Some f the finest buildings to ie found it the Australian colonic. now 4dorn the principal streets of thue oldet tity on tJin.islatnd-continent, and there are other evidences of atlaneement which inditcate that Sydnley will ere long outstrilp the niticht-lauded capital of Victoria. Messrs. Hofthlting ani Co's. new pretmisemts in I'itt. ~proet, Sydney, whichls art now apprtaching cmttple ,toll, is a mnagtnifeut builling. It contains, we bielibre, six stories, and the magtnitude of the work vhilch tihe eontractors for the brick-work have cat ritd outsmay be understoodt whens it is stated th at as many as 2,750,000brieks have heent used, and the Walls of the building enclose Iloor- spare eof not less than three a?d a quarter acres. It is stated that thontt'tetutin ottufi ftratsto thit siea tit tithe Lute, aitd will comptare favoaiably witht stmue of the fint?t in the womrld. c~ivil iinf~wiicu 1,i li y 'tire to tIivvl'iJ~t 1.1it aT f;;,imed~ Johni Edw~i 'ir %itit0, reiviw.iW lt Luppir 3100,1 last, wlivi iidiing hioimi firoim .li ii. siri ie, his lioi.,o f,illi,1iii voi wviii o' e hv i . l llnlyn,. Williaii iblvli salvo iviviitid to l111';iovo d ++r 1i1,1' 1 ll'aiitiiii~ii. 'lilt! vcliitiia ol' tiu lvovliovil Weic fiozii ci nlike Ivioli of thio walrovlual ij1ohi bi ;body was diovciccrcd. A meeting of agents of fire insurance eompanies doilfiglusiness in iiswo'h was held, son Tuesday after noon last, for the puipose of clecting two of their nmoher as nema1uet of the Fire Brigade lBoard. The meeting was wellattenled. anl Messrs. T. W. Ilocy tad .i. K. Donald were elected as nmembers of the Board in the interests of the companies. SWe have, on two n lthree occasions, noted the fact. that local firms have executed orders for wheel wrightlits' rock intendo l for distant parts of Queens land. It seems that more suitable timber for the smaking of drays and waggons is to he obtained in West Moreton than in motst parts of the colony; hut 400tue fcald makers have lately had to refuse otters in 'colstcquce ofthe scarcity of good workmen. and the ancoataiuty, perhaps, of securing soufllieet con otaont hisiness to warrant them in pttting on the necoesary hoands for the work offered them. A short time ago Mr. R. ltadfleld, of Little Ipswich, sent awaty six extra-strong timber-waggons to the Wid. Blay district, and two or three as farns Ravensewood. Mr. T. Roderick and Mr. If. Campolell have also set waggones out westwardl ; and during the plreset rseek Mr. ]iradlield delivered, to the order of an Ips wich mercantile firm, a specially-built bllohok waggoint which is going to Ellangowan Station, ChaRleville; As we have already stated, hlie finds it litfcult to.get nsuitable hands lot this special work, and being kept pretty busily employed in making tiimlr.waggoa for the local trade, and in doing general wort, he has to refuse--or at anyrate, does sotssookLthaese ordara oaio a distancei. It is a pity. kswvsgc, .bt'a~ £ Fegwr C~igoiees eattiot lie idote its this aireutioit for so saeote~dare thtase n-Io taci tail iwork performed for them here that they readily glve a' higher pree than that ordinarily paid fir a iret olats article, which is generally found in the long run to be the cheapest. Maryboreough. like ''ownsville, has now its third newspaper. The prolprietor of the Sugar PWalt, l(Mi. 0. C. Crai)l. believing that "a free and in dope?ldentpaper' was required in the W\ide liaydis trie, decided to supply the want, and ol the 31st alt?in the. new venture-tlhe Saturdaf Erengs. Herahl- made its first appearance. The paper is double.-deoy in size, and consists of eight pages. It is tolerably well printed, contains a fair share of ad vrprtjsteeatt. sand has more than the usual qluantity of readinga,, tter'. '?he editor, in introducing the 1rrnl.i to the peopltis just a little too self-a ssertive, and0 some of the paragraphs under the heading. " Loceal News" are characteriiscl more by vigour of language than beauty of diction. However, that withl cerlain people will, we know, he regarded as ai virtue nid not a fault in a public newspaper, so that perhaps the.pugnacious editor of the lieraflwill not Ihave so much to fear with respect to asy little in disgeetions in thatdireetiou. Theonoludingportion of the editorial in the usmber before us is at least refreshing :-" We yenture ver'y earnestly to express tihe ardent hope that, as week by week passes by, the Ilerehl and its readera .nay enjoy mutual con fideiee and support, and. that all may sconduce in the endeav-our to watch over the interests and build up the lasting prosperity of this great aud flourishing tow pd uljstrict especially, alo assist, according to their means, in-developing the colony of Queensland nto'a' powerful, glorious, and happy nation." It Tahiyloroingh can support three newspapers, it will bbh all' tlib better for Maryborough; and we hope the jitpridtbr of 'the latest addition to Queensland pirilsali u ivis-l nmeet with that encouragement and -h.?rt kvhich tle H?rald may merit. The immigrant ship Otago, from Liverpool, via Glasgow, anchored in Moreton Bay yesterday. She bi'iou25 Epglish, 319 Scotch, and 21 Irish, people at 1,of 3O15.. Of these 58 are clnssed as domestic aprvauts'108 as farm labourers, 10 asarpenters, and a rpry .few others as of various trades. , Domestic jeirvants:uho farm labourers should fiad'no diflicnity ' oblitaeniug eployminut in this part of the colony, and se culd o a very well with more than a few such i mnigraui i Iiswich ad West Moreton. ' t (e Colonial ?reasurer has just issued his com liarative statement of the re?Onlo and expenditure oft?lie.colonyfor the last quarter and for the nine .idonths? ?0ed0 on the .31st of lMarch last. The total rrevenie proper for the past quarter was X555,847 t15s. 1d., as against £487,1i41 s. Id. for the cgrrespondilg quarter of 18S2. That for the nice months ivas £1,711,732 4s. 1,1d.-au increase of £221,h006 Os. 3d. on that of the nine moniths ended onl March 3l, 1S52. The expenditure of the last nine lonthsamounited to £1,0:36,743es. :id. Takinginto account a credit balance of £C245,410 (s. at the be ginning of that term, there remains now a credit balanice of £3]8.3119 7o. 10d. We have received a copy of the prospectus of the Ql&to;'lMt l -ctier. a weekly eight-page onewspaper which Mr. IV1'. P. lMllefoat, formerly of this town, proposas to publish in Brisbane, eonunencing.on the hirn8h-atnrdayin May next. The proprietor desires -to-make it notiinefely a local but a Queensland journal, and considers tqiat there has for some tiome Icie £.strongly- expressnl desire for a journal some" what dlne ent ian charactsr, tons, and intention to thelplresent metropolitan sues. lie speias thus re garding his renture :-" While attached tono party, nr subsidised by ,none, the proprietor intends, by atiele vig?6rousiinsiie, and logical. usllinihingly nild ejseringly to expospe and denounce alllshams or bypocrieics and class legislation of any kiol. and t voosvcate the Passing of such laws as are just to all mheinhers of the conuunowealth, and which tend to ma?k?eus a grea?t, pirosperous, Uand happy people." T1he following telegr.anJ fron Adelaide apMbars ill last night's :''i.rfeerpi -A haker, named! .lohbs 'Villiasis si-ns brought oip at the Police Cu4t, yes. .tsd,'ay,'c?uatged a?tli ecriiinajly assaulting lies own daughter; Sarah Ann Williams, oni .lanuary 2. The case was heard with closed doors. ?m Pr statoments made by theinother. it appears that is the begin sung ofd Janutary she had rnoasons for questiosii?g her daoglter, a h at length told her the whliole truth, ant said the offence hadl been repeated se'eralrimes. The mother prinisel not to proseenui the father provided he left the colony, and oever easit+ back gain: lie left the colony ; but rcturned hero a few days ago, when the inotlher gave him into custody. At the close of the 'inlquiry.. yesterday, the hnugis trates coiuilitted the lUnan for trial on the charge at the forthcoming assizes. . It is reported in Sydney (says thes 'fl'trnwau) that Sir'John I{oahertson has quarrelled with Bir I eury sParkes, and that lihe will join the Ministry. li He will probalibly he offliered the lprfolio of Works. The GyCqspi Tinrs of Saturday last says:-A fatial accident haippened on Tuesday night at the railway station, atthetiise of the ;urival of the up passenger train, to a lcngthlman, employed on the line, named Ryan. It alppears th;lt whlan the goods p,'rtion of the train had heeu detached from the train, an( w:as beinig shlis .d ion to another liue towards the shed, the poor fellow was struck anid knocked down by the truehk, the accidenlt nliot, hlowver', heing.ohservedl at the asomenit it ouccurred. The ilnjurilies wocr of such ano?rious character that slath took place Very seoon, the skull beis' frastered alnld ono of the nll'i broken. The d'eased, who was a ssh"er uteaily tiltan, was about forty years of age, uland saves as wife and child to mourn their luss. A magisterial ic uisry was conusescedl yesterday afteaooli. uThe station-alisiter (Mr. Riordssn) deposedl that all the siguals required by the rules on the lurival of traiUs, and before lackilig the engie, were prioperly giess. Any. person st.:ailding wheis' deceased was fousld ecould nut see aiy light Onl the train that was backing dowinouthat line. Itw Ianot ustonisary toahiace, sor wse thercan yregsilation requiring aliglhtto?e pla'ed, on the hiis dmusst carniage when a tr'inll i laekiOi. It wasa very dark night wheni the accident occurredl. The deceaued was a plate-layer, and had beuni cu ployed at the, station aevce or eight weeks. ]le was not employed there at the tine of his death. UUsors.-Au attempt is being made in the othl country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are thel' wondeiill storieo that till some of the journals. 'The sceptical minl is. how ever, inclined to adopt erno ,.' roemarkt to 1arloey s ghost: " ltow do I tknow that you are not a hit of nldigiotet, breal "' fr, of all the ghost-proditer., a hit of " heav," bread is the most potent. It is a wolder, ifrefor', tha t poopie i it aldopit tle sirest prfll against ghosts by ni3ng I0Irwick's Goo, Aledal lHakin:g-I'oWler in making hread ; for, :dthoilt it w, 't " I is- h, sts," it , f; raise brla in the most animirab l iahion. ]ivery s ise store keepor Ihas it by litm), ant every good hfooiusife buys it. 8 I 1 Ai ,'m s TO mliTIti?a !-Are you 1moten int your r lt by a orn: child sutilbring with the pain of cutting? teet'h ? Uo at o1ce to a chimist aod get a bottle of 18.. l v-'t a c"ri'.,s: . u r.'." It vwil relieve' 13\. : ,ll I1",.i-t to t,:- .. 0L i hl ca? i :r ow . , I lio, t . f, f f.livi i" th. chi ll'i m p.iini adt h. itlle S,',,rolr~t tih ii, , ..". I ti ahL s a et ioh.tL " It s Lethes thie' chi-l,, it `nt:eus thegn)us, allL\''all paiiL, relieves wind, repubt.e,: tli bowe!., nal i" the h..Lt klnwn ri sly, " fo)r fly:e l to r iry : id li:[ .i..:1, Wlhihl era:isi" g from teti'aing rther,:u e ts. 1.:.\ 'iinolwm'sorfoth-?? ing Syrup i so01l1 by Aledicie-die.akcira everywhero at Io. l ~d. per buttle.-Anv.IS. 80 