FIEDORA. , A Romance of Love and Life in Aristo cratic Russia and Paris. Founded on the Tragic Drama of that Name BV VICTOItlKN SARDOU, AwTiion of " Diplomacy," " a Scrap of Paper," " Daniel Rochat," " Patwa," i:tc. NOTICE. Chapters XVI and NVII of " Fralora" have not reached us, therehy creating a hiatus in the narra tive, hut from the synopsis of the story as originally furnished us, we find that Colonel Gretch, learn- inir from the jeweller the desire of the Princess Itomazoff to have an interview with him, hurries to the presence of For lorn, who hands hi in a packet containing full particulars of the connection of Count I/ruis Ipanoff with the Nihilists, and it is arranged between thetwothaton leaving Fujdora's residence, the Count shall be waylaid and carried off to a yacht, which would immediately sot sail down the river for Have, where a Russian war vessel was lying awaiting orders. The Colonel leaves for the purpose of making his preparations for the secret arrest of the Count, who, ignorant of the trap being laid for hi rn by Fiedora. keeps his appointment with her, the result being that his mad, passionate love for her weakens the haired she secretly enter tained for him, and when he reveals the hidden infamy of the man whose death she was anxious to avenge ; how at Die very moment that Vladimir Ciarishkine was affianced to the l'l inccss, he was engaged in a vile intrigue with another woman ; the shock proves too much for her. Still, she is not to ho convinced. At last he produces a paekct of letters, which he Hung on the tabic, bidding Fradora read them. She, with tremulous lingers, unfastens the parcel, while he throws himself into a chair to await the result. ciiapxeh .win. "Tin: vintage camp., a.n 1) TUB win'i: was souk with Tin: .must of i.ovf.." One after another Fiedora snatched up the billets-doux, tore Iberu open and devoured the eon- tents. The terms of endearment which they con tained awakened feelings of loathing and self-re- proaeli, that she, with all her pride i a her intelli. genee, should have been so easily beguiled. " 0, dove of Venus 1" " tlic object of all my ten derness 1" "queen of beauty and charm 1" These catchwords lashed her into fury like so many stings of a many-thonged whip of scorpions. Hatred and longing for vengeance she felL hot as ever, but tin's lime they were for the robber who bad cheated her of her first young love, spurned it in favour of the affection of a vile deceiver— fit co partner of himself. Ipnnolf, in slaying Vladimir Ciarishkine, had unwittingly earned her deepest gratitude. In his own hand- writing Captain Ciarishkine had stated in these letters that he had never felt one serious thought for I'ccdora. He had sowed ins wild oats on every hand save in her direction. His fancy made him veer and tend towards many another, and, thank heaven ! very different, woman ; but his heart had been no more stirred by them than by her. Or if by any one, it must have been that 'napless decoy to whom he owed his punishment. But for the old General, Fiedora would never have attracted a moment's attention from this lighl-o'-love, and there on the parent's pari, it was merely her fortune that fixed his choice. Of this Vladimir assured the Coiinl.cs-, Ipanoff more than once, for she, once aware of the betrothal, reproached him continually l'or the de fection. "So far — yes. they arc a guilty pair. But these letters do not carry on the story beyond a little after our engagement," she remonstrated, though without warmth. "lie may have repented, he may — " JpanoiT shook his head, whilst smiling sorrow fully. He appeared to have suffered mure by the revelation of the shame befallen bis family than Ftcdora by the loss for ever of her illusions. Vet. her face wns white with the shine of Arctic snow on her brow, and out of her hair the gold had per ceptibly faded. Could she but have found tears to soothe her dry, hot eyes I but they were denied her in her torment. "They became alarmed at my suspicions being aroused," lie said, in a meek but. ever manly tone, ' hough it had taken me long to think ill of the .. sec guileless girl. But, you may as well know all. Vfhy not I One's past life also belongs to the woman one really loves. There, then," he pro ceeded, giving her a small creased paper not in- eluded among the love notes, " read that, written on the eve of that scoundrel's death. She read it with enhancement of her disgust On the very night when the Princess was expect ing to have met her betrothed at the ball of Turkish ambassador, to he seen on his arm as a public con firmation of their projected alliance, this note had summoned him away to a rendezvous with the Countess lpanoll'. "And lie obeyed!" she moaned, letting the letter Tall from her hand. Never had sueli an insult been offered her. To be neglected for file sake of another, peasant or peeress ! Oh, that he were alive again to hear her indignation! Oh, that her miserable prayers for his soul were recallable, or that those blessing- might turn to burning coals. "Tell me tbc rest of flic ignoble story now," slie said, folding her bands in one another and averting her gaze from him nolle interrupt the How of narrative with the mute comments ol' her eves. " 1 can bear it now, and please God, it will be my first duty to oiler you consolation when i kuoiv the entirety of wrong done you, pour martyr of love ! " " Fredora," lie began, tremulously, but soon his voice was perfect in firmness, while never devoid of feeling that showed how deeply the alllietion hud furrowed his heart, "there was, then, a jjirl whom J alone deemed to he faultless. My mot her dissuaded me, but. X returned to the guest. When my brother assured me Wanda was a eoipiette 1 all but quarrelled witli him and talked of dividing the fraternal heritage and going afar with mv portion and that admirable darling. And when my college mate and friend, 1'lat.ow SokolefV, con jured me not to marry the beauteous Wanda, I told him 1 could sec that he spoke from disap pointed love. Did she not prefer me to him I In short, 1 made her my wife despite them all. They did their duty. So did I mine, though ere long I ceased to blind myself to her faults. But I love. I her so dearly that I never believed shocould slight the man who gave her thus freely and trustingly his virgin heart, fife, und love. Great heavens ! how could she deceive an unreasoning devotion which aimed at making her happiness the whole object of her life ? To tell me she was perjured in her marriage vow would have secured my bulfet were it a man who spoke, my scorn if a "woman lifted her voice in such preposterous libels. It would have seemed to me too horribly cowardly, the luihbic of one insane ! " Do not think that still 1 see her in the colours 1 lent the image t lien. No! 1 am clear in my judgment now. Wanda, my countess, never was the victim of studied advance1-', cunning fascina t ions and corrupting wiles. On the contrary, de lighting to exercise her charms, dazzle with her beauty and retain by artiliee.s from an exhaustible or, at le'asl. ever replenished, quiver, she never was giilily with that fever which she set raging in mem She recognised my good gifts, but .sought the adulation of silly boys fresh" from college and the Hattery of toothless greybeards who were astounded at so young and fair a t being giving them the honour to hold her fan, or bring her the allium from the other end of the room. Never was there a woman so determined to have a host of admirers, to keep tliem around her, and to swell their circles. Such was this insufferable monster of amorous greed, a ghoul of society whom bad women feared and the best learned hatred in order to show it to her. Men were faithful to her, however, or 1 should have been awakened to her true self sooner than was my fate. At the very last 1 suspected her, some mere trifle having enlightened me, as a spark off the hoot on a Hint shows the traveller the brink of a chasm. In recoiling from the mask of beauty under which f suddenly saw the veritable hideous visage, all the Sights which I had east on my mother's cautions Hew back upon me like so many rebounding arrows. 1 smarted to avenge myself on one who bad made rne the butt of my associates, the laughing stock of her accomplices, the despair of rny brother, and the point of avoid ance for my friends. " Not alone she, Fu-dora, but her lover. He was not far to seek. On the falling away of I'latow f-okolcff, I still missed him so greatly that I yearned for another friend. Gradually Vladimir Garishkine, my peer in position, age and taste, I thought, mounted into his place. Vladimir easily spell-bound mo with hiscxcellent superficial grace." The Princess sighed deeply. Now the narrative was stepping into familiar territory. "It was — little as you know of such villanics, you mast run ahead of rny story — it was my best friend who stole away the affections promised me for eternity over the altar. Who will believe in man or woman henceforth, I thought !" wringing his hands till they were bloodless with the pres sure. " All men are not such despicable dastards," she said, clearly. " And ail women not to be chained to the same pillory which awaits such perfidious wives," added he, with a bow; for the solemnity of his recital could not absolutely banish the habitual courtesies of the nobleman. " By the goings and comings of my wife's woman, I become convinced something important was in progress. I followed her, therefore, and found that she had bought a miserable house in a poor quarter for the mating of the false pair, fitly a criminal nest among criminal-. Had this Marka engaged a room 1 would still have been baffled ; but to buy a whole house confirmed my well- founded surmise. It was easy for me to trace this go-between. .She made so many mysteries and took such precautions over the purchase that the police interfered, it being the favourite meeting place for the rebels. It was then that I perceived the hand of Garishkine, for as his father was just become chief of the .Secret Police, he knew the head officers, and, at his explanation, one Major Gretch told the subordinates to let Mnrka pass unheeded, and the last obstacle to the love meet ings was so removed." "Gretch! Jlarka! Your wife's attendant and confidant wns named Mnrka.'" queried the Princess, wailing as to her tone, so that he lowered his to the same key by force of example. " Thanks — it is a hint." " All being prepared, 1 believed 1 should come upon the traitors. By the merest ill chance, however, a note of the Countess's eluded me in the hands of her woman, and I felt assured that it would reach Garishkine before me. Indeed, when I arrived at bis apartments the Captain was going oat to dine at Burets, they said, before ap pealing at the Envoy's ball, to dress for which he might not return." " Go on, go on." " I reply to your impatience. The story is in tolerable for its length, but I approach the finale. 1 had not often called at Vladimir's, due to some instinctive repugnance, but I was known there as aa intimate friend. 1 was not only admitted freely, but the valet merely opened the door of his suite of looms to mo with a smile. I ran in rapidly, when it seemed to me more than there was rea-on for it, 1 startled a boy who was at the writing desk.'" " The page " A page, Princess — a marvellous pretty boy ? I satdown to write the Captain a note, I said, but I was a long while considering, as I poised ids pen — tile pen with which he had probably indited lender conceits to my lady. .Should I write him a challenge in his own scented ink, or wait, wait in avguish for definite proofs. Oh, the misery of such indecision, when lives hang on a hair — a frail woman's frail-spun hair. It was in this suspense that my eye was attracted irresistibly to the glistening corner of a gilt-edged paper that pro truded from the drawer before mc. Impo-sible to turn my sight away ! The boy was b'.i-y at the tire (one in a grate in the English style), and his back was towards me. I seized the edge of the sheet, ami itleaped intomy hand ! Never was robber more cruelly and more rapidly punished for his offence. It was my wife's paper — her ' W was at the top in the height, of impudence or wanton recklessness : the perfume hor's distinctively ! No doubt was allowed me now. It was brief, and 1 was not an instant gathering the purport of it. It was an appointment which he was urged, nay, commanded, on his good faith — ' his good faith' — so writ, forsooth — to keep that night." " The hoy at the lire — Demetri — he saw nothing of this ?" " I do not know. F:crn the moment I read those .vords 1 saw them only blazing In tire when I turned to the shadow, lurid-edged, black, athwart the sky 1" " That hoy swore at the inquest that the drawer was locked, which you found open. Vou say he was confused I I can see the scene that ante: dated yourentrance. Demetri had been reading the note when you surprised him, and lie but im perfectly replaced it in the drawer, which lie had time to fasten. " Well, he did blush a great deal more like a girl than a pert page. But the appointment gave me little time to overtake the Captain. I Hew to my house, sent my confidential man to three ban kers for sums of money, large, but not so large individually as to cause suspicion, packed my portmanteau with my own hands, and wrote a letter to my older brother. Then I went to Soko- Icff's, clad myself in the garments of his chaplain over my own dress, added a second revolver to my firearms, and stalked the Countess and her tiring woman from the Tsarkso-Lclo llailroad depot, where 1 came up with them in circling round the house which Markn had purchased." He paused. The courage which had sustained liiin in relating Hie story of his disgrace in an un troubled tone was beginning to be exhausted. In the pause Fredora went to a safe in the wall, behind a light ctagcrc easily removable, unlocked the door with a tiny key chiselled in steel so ex quisitely as to have the appearance and the value of a jewel, and brought a rich casket. .She emp tied this casket of its diamonds and hastily re placed them with the letters of Ipanoff, which as well proved the Countess false as her betrothed a traitor. "They are the molt precious now 1" she ex plained, speaking and acting hurriedly, like one in a fever, " And. besides, the jewels are our solo fortune." This intimation that she was his partner thence forward raised t lie ghost of a smile to iiis lips from his heart, whole was reviving the pain loo lately assuaged. " Thanks. Fiedora," he said, deeply, and re sinned : " I no sooner saw the Countesi than I ceased to fear that her spell would make me for give her. 1 doomed her at once to death, whether her companion escaped or no. The snow lay around us. but she was on foot, and Hie black houses loomed up beside us ; but there danced before my eyes only the vision of Hie room at home, where site had often sung me to sleep, or we had read together, or pored over the guide books of Europe, where we purposed to journey when the thaw came, and L remembered that on the table, where her elbow had rested to uphold her upturned fair, false face — there she had left her wedding ring in mute insult, derisive linal farewell I 1 would have wrestled with an angel and sought to smother it with its own wings for less an outrage to stir a husband's blood I" "My poor Loris I" sighed Ktedora smoothing his forehead with the back of her hand. " Let me proceed — let me tell you the whole story and have done ! In my pursuit I was inter rupted by a foreign gentleman ami a Russian, who seemed to be lost in that district and were perplexed nt seeing two latlies afoot. 1 misled tliem in their endeavour to offer the Countess tliei r gallant escort and reached the house free of them. Near it was a coachman asleep on his sledge, the trappings superior in quality. It was Vladimir's. He had arrived." His listener nodded. Something of this incident wns in her knowledge, thanks to the sledge-driver's testimony in the police interrogation. " 1 was none too soon, thanks to the blundering sight-seers 1 had met. I penetrated the house by sealing the wall, listened at the door behind which the guilty couple prattled in fancied security, and then burst into their midst. Wanda defied me witli an impudence of shnmclcssness which would not have discredited the vilest of the vile. As for the Captain, 1 offered him a pistol, but he was aimed. So it was a duel, you see— no nmlmseado. We tired ; I was struck ; lie too, but it was ho who fell." " Ay, yes," shrieked Ftcdora, carried away by tbc recital, and picturing the scone so vividly that it seemed to be a tableaux vivant foiled by a panorama unveiled on the wall of the room. " Kill him 1 kill him I and her as well I Ay, kill her too 1" with such ferocious vehemence tint her hearer himself recoiled. But he loved her too firmly for this revelation of licr savage inner-self to lepel him, and ho approached her anew. " 1 did try to kill her. But she glided away with the speed and cunning of the serpent that she was, and when I reached the back door of the dwelling;, which stood on the edge of Hie plain, she must have melted away into the snow ! I saw her not. I heard that she went in hiding at her woman Marka's honse, where she sickened with the cold caught in her flight, imperfectly clad, that night, and in five or six weeks was dead. Vladimir — " " I know. He died injrr.y — she checked her self. " He died shortly nfter of his wounds." ' There yon have it. Mnrka must have held her tongue, for .Siiieria awaited her from the Grand Mahler of the Secret Police, since she had con duced to the death of his son. As for me, f pro ceeded home in my disguise, with only the delay of being knocked down by a furiously driven sledge." "Ha! as a priest you were robed ? On the English quay Ob, heaven I" It was Ipanoff that she had run over in her wild gallop f:om the ball-ioom to the dwelling of Garishkine. It was an ill omen, indeed, though there was no sanctity in the disguise. Better for both of them if she had been his death that, time ! The excitement of the confession passed, she realised to its utmost extent the mischief which her conclusions upon insufficient premises had wrought already, and were vet to wreak. " That fall set iny wound bleeding afresh, which the cold had staunched. But it was slight, so Hiat I could bind it up myself, for the greater security. My valise was ready, nay man had the cash, and I dated a false pa-sport. My homehold thought I was going to my mother's sick bed at Moscow! and tiieie was no impediment to iny departure. I left behind n:e only only one witness, with sealed mouth, and not a clue. And nevertiie'cs, mark this; ! my j, ropert y was confiscated, I was immedi ately placed under the loan, and this very day I received formal intimation of my banislunent'for refusing to stand my trial for the murder of Vladimir Garishkine. Now how came this all about.' Did that boy tell I bad found the letter which had caused his lua-.ter to quit the house abruptly and not to go to the ball where be was invited by his father's express suggestion 1 What had that child to do with me? No! some accursed meddlesome creature had denounced me at ran dom, and the accusation lias struck like the shirt of Nemesis'. Gil. let me but lay rny bands on him cried LcuK pacing the loom in a tran-poit of rage. Fouler. a had sunk on the ottoman, cowering, and murmuring, fortunately unintelligibly to the en raged mar.. Yes, it was his destroyer, and that destroyer CHAPTER XIX. "DARK, Mr.Ai; KKVBNili: !" Ipanoff stopped before her, surprised that bis story should have such a stunning effect, and watched her with continued amazement .to eager for some pretext to avoid his gaze, she busied her self. with a mechanical air, in placing the scattered jewels in a hand-bag. "Apparently," he pursued, "yon do not com prehend what exile means to a Russian nobie if ever 1 am lured, by filial or fraternal affection, to ic-entcr my country, it will bring upon me the penalty of deatii which backs that judgment." " Death !" -la: reiterated, in a hollow voice, iet- rirg a bracelet fall on thccarpet, where he crushed it unheeded in his next step. " No Government could prevent me earning my livelihood." ho went on. sturdily, "but eternal exile is too onerous. Am I never more to see my friends — my brother, who has been -o kind to me, though I was wayward enough, Go 1 knows, ami scoffed at him when he implored mc by our lather's memory not to wed that detestable woman .' My younger brother, too, whoresteps I oughtto guide, who should have my arm. to lean upon ! lint, above all, there's my mo: her. to whom that wilful marriage caused enough grief for one life. When she heaid of my flight, she. became paralysed, tliey tell me ! Do you bear that, Forlorn? A poor old lady, suddenly stricken with a half-death— only half her frame sentient now! Nee what I have done by acting as Cain toward my— however faulty — fellow-inan !" She sobbed faintly to herself, listening, and yet, wishful to stop her eats, huddled up as if pai-'iral herself after a thunderbolt, di-trcssiug him with the chance glint of her piteoiisiy tearful eves, which lie caught now and then. " Neither can she come to me. perhaps, nor (.-an 1 go to her at the risk of being dragged from her presence to be hanged from the eaves, so as to dangle across her window and slmi out the light from her mourning eyes ! Garishkine is capable of that. Her closing days— which I can no longer delude myself may be years— are saddened bv her imaginings of me pining in exile, and I cannot, be at my proper place to kiss her eye: after ohtainiug her pardon." His voice bribe v.-.th iears : for. however strong a man may be, there still rue ungovernable wells in the heart which sands up the tears spite of ail resistance. The Princess rote, came over to where T.uris had fallen into a chair, mud pacsed hc-r arms round bis ncck. He saw a tear glisten as it coursed down his sleeve, and finally it scalded his ham I. iler sympathy alleviated his pain und her tears shamed his immediate concealment. " Have no heed, Fcedora. dearest. I have no such passing weakness usually, but the news is too fresh on mv mind. There are limes when the manliest of men cannot repress a tear. It. is the tribute to those days when he was a child and saw but the one face of his mother on the edge ' of the cradle which 'was his circumscribed world." She suddenly fell on her knees to hiiu, and bend ing her head as if offering her curved neck to an executioner, faltered, having quite lost her self- i po-so'-don with remorse. " Oh, do forgive me ! " With a wonderment which weighed on his brain he ha- teued to iift. her up. For what had ho tu pardon her? She mu-t have been crazed bv the tragedy he had octailed to speak so at ran dom. " I mean.'' she stammered, (ryinglo collect her wits. " Hill! 1 — I believed you guilty of a cowardly minder. I said as much, you remember, and even wrote ;.u you that you were an as.-iu-sin.'' " How could anybody under so much nceresy, — which I believed in: leueirabje. in fact— divine'the truth .'" " All. would 1 bad known it !" she crie 1 fer vently, pre.-.-iug his hands and repaying n hun dred fold that one kiss upon hers which she had sought in ber abhorrence to rub off like Lady Macbeth the blood .-pots. " But you will see. -rem see, what an aidem. helpmate you have won in me, darling! I shell be no useless consort, no Sleeping Beauty, but 1 will toil for, aye, will con trive your redempib.il." ' What can you no " What c;m I not do Hurt you -land in need?'' she rejoined gaily. " You' l'-o-get. those letters, those precious bitters wiiieh I have put ill Hie casket, and will lock up in my safe." She carried her words into execution whilst, she went on talkingnoisily to quiet her trouble. "Thev are the truth. I have' only to take them with me and show them to gain your pardon." "To Garishkine. who is here in town.'" cried I. oris aghast. " For heaven's sake, come to your senses ! They proved that. I killed his son—" " Because he misled your wife — " " All the Genera! will .say is, " This wretch killed my lioy, and I will be even with him." That's plain enough to any man." "And to this woman, too, said the Princess, hanging her head. " But the Emperor? I can procure an audience of the Empiess, at all events, and she has an excellent heart." " Fresh from the salon of the Countess Sukaroff, where Nihilists congregate, you will obtain no hearing. They will bandy you about from the Anitchkeff to the Gatsehinn, ami, puradventure, send you to the unmelting snows for espousing tiie cause of a Nihilist." " But you are none 1" " Prove I am not ! The false passport, the priest's disguise, there's profanation for you ! My wife taken for a ghost of oneof the revolutionists, who suffered the law's extremity on the plain over which she Ued that night, and affrighting the rail road sentries. Zounds 1 I should condemn my self if I sat on the bench from slighter testimony ! My path of roses ends in a bed of briars— posi tively no thoroughfare ! Let Fate have its swing. There is clearly nothing to do out to submit." "But 1 wish to save thee!" she continued to cry. " Bah ! Am I worth saving ? Besides, 1 have given you sufficient distress, 1 can see ! You will dream of spectres all the night long. I should say the rest of the niglil, for it is terribly near morn- ing by Hie chill ill tile air. At last 1 -hall have the sunlight of your hair, the rays of your eyes to cheer the no longer lonely exile, oh, my sweetest I liut no ! J am going to lose them, too." She looked at him in such painful perplexity that lie smiled perforce. " What do you mean ?" " You said you were leaving town." " Oh, true ; but a woman can change her mind, I suppose. I am not young now. I am no longer a free Lance ; lint in the regular army of married dames. I must take the route from my capt — " she cut the word in twain with her passion rising at the remembrance of Vladimir, " I should say, iny gen — bah! let me call you my commander, and' await your marching orders." "An impoverished commander," iic replied, dis consolately, " I can hardly let you share the cam paign I commence. Things are changed suddenly. When you were under exile, like myself, our rank arid fortune were levelled. Now, while 1 am con firmed in rny ruin, you happily, arc pardoned, and will he as rich, arid, no doubt, more honoured than ever. And not only am I poor, without kin and country, but my honour is taken away — " " Let me see who will defame the husband of the Princess Itomazoff. Let me see who will impugn tire credit of the beloved I'uedora ! 1 shall repair your energies now that I know all the facts." He shook his heart, lifted proudly. " But you shall owe your renewed fortune to mc !" she cried, almost betraying herself again in regretfulness. " You cannot prevent me." "It becomes you to offer it, as it is my duty to refuse it. I would rather tear iny heart out. witli all its love in it." " What do 1 care for riches now ?" "Don't say that !" lie rejoined distressfully, for already the nobleman in exile had felt the pinch of aristocratic poverty. " As for tiie love in your heart, is it so easily de tached ?" " Never But I hear a clock striking ! it is 2 o'clock. Good heaven-: ! Let inesay and kiss you good bye. and more of this subject, to-morrow, in tiie cooler day." Go forth? Which way ? At Hie street door lay tiie huge, Siberian dog of Garishkine. which would not obey tin: Princes- at night or by day. as well as the false page; and on tire path by which the Couut had come, were not the men of Colonel Grotcli in waiting? Had not she taken good care that their prey, her duiC, should not elude them So how could she betray herself by exposing what wolves beset the road I Already lie was marching on to iris destruction. But she overtook him, with that surpassing swift ness which we feel in our mad (lights from phan toms in dreams and, sometimes, in reality, when wo resume pos-'es-ion of our movements, after hav ing been benumbed by horror, Whither would you go?" she demanded, bar ring his way. " Home, of course," lie naturally answered, witli surprise at her tragic mien. " This is ratlier your home, now," shuddering, as the pitfall yawned which she hail dug for him, but which threatened to engulf herself. " You must not go — vou must not think of going vet." ' I must think of you, and indeed, love, must go." It was a Romeo who no more fen/cd the blades of the Capulet than the original, but lie was deter mined to spare his Juliet the barbs of slander. "Why not go?" " Because — well, I will tell you now,"sheslow!v began, to gain time for a falsehood ; but no fairer seeing fabrication came to her anguished appeal than the truth palliated. " Because, rny poor love, those hounds who dog yon everywhere— "wiry may they riot have followed you this night ? Oh, may theynot be posted under my windows ? Why nut even there .'" "The detectives?" "Waiting for thee,'' sire moaned, in acutot pain. He smiled contemptuously and touched a slight protuberance on his bosom." " I carry tiie same revolver that defended mc ngninst the son of the principal of those officers," lie rejoined ; "and I fancy they must comcngainst mc more than six in number for the purpose, to have a chance. Besides, after all is considered, a lady may leave a ball in Hie morning ! They may as well see me, therefore, for your sake." She opened iier arms across the conservatory threshold and shook her head. .Site well knew that Gretch would reck little of six bullets, more or less. ' if yon aic taken prisoner — " "I : My dear child, since one liegy shot a Flench policeman who tried the Imperial game of brag to arrest him without a warrant in due form at an unwonted hour, the Paris sergeants do not manu ".(i ic tints after dark. As for the mongrels ",ali nations who follow the black flag of tiie tin id section, let mo at tbc specimens possibly here < ti guatd, and I assure you my fortune will !> made. Our Revolutionists abroad will vote me a incdu! of honour, and nil good men will greet m : for ridding the earth of 'scape-gallowses Let, m : pas-', please." 1 on forget you are doomed to death 1" "'J hey shouid try me, not commit highway murder." " if they are the blind brutes you speak of, they will strike blindly but none the less fatally. May lie the General's presence ill Paris incites tliem. May be — " "Homing as policemen or avengers, I care as little, i have no fear of them." "I would not. have yon fear; but I may fear, and I 'to dread tliem. Remain here — till dawn at least." He was resolute against all her pleadings. Ill the striking of the duck lie heard the malicious laugh of society ugnin-t the eccentric Princess, " I have -laved over long as it is," lie said, firmly. " Let. tne go by before I am aug — vexed." Witli me ? Vexed ! No !" she held her ground, and so hi- extended arm touched hers. Jier ncL-lige opened all the way down from throat to hem. revealing under it- pink ami cream an inner garment of lace and unsullied white, whereon Saiviuti pearls gleamed softly. Her face v.ns redly hunting now. after having been exter nally blanched ; her eyes were live coals and dried up every tear as they mounted to peep out at. those tie: lunu had shed witli such bitterness at his lack of sclf-comrol ; her voiie. hovered to give tiie key l'or his, le-t Givieh and his gang should hear a word, became the more seductive as it was de- pro-cd. "Why go?" -he breathed so raintly Hint lie would not have enm/m the syllables bul l'or their nearness. "Why?" he ejaculated roughly, in an outburst of passion. " Rceaii-o it would be an act of mad ness, deadly to us both." lie drew her on one side with a great effort of ,st length, so fast had she been rooted. " Because I love you so highly — that's the reason." Flu: clung to hint, and weighed on him so Unit she dragged him hack over the few steps of ground which lu; had gained, still uttering his name imploringly, lie wns acting the part of Hie man of honour, and it was she who, unac countably to hiiu, who. none the les-, believed in iter purity, set his worst self against his other self, failed t o encourage his flight and put her inlluenee ill the balance against him. "Your fair fame, woman," lie murmured, ex hausted by t lie struggle. " Wurthle-s as a funeral blossom if it must be laid on jour oorp.-c. Tliey will kill you !" she -aid with an a— uranee of a pythoness who had prepared tiro re-ult of her predictions. "I can more easily withstand tliem than your 1-eanty," lie responded, leaping away at the mo ment her hand- relaxed. J tut she bounded after him like a tigress, and again glided before him, and made him recede till they were in tiro room again. "It is my will that you leave me not!" she thundered. "Your will!" he repeated, stupor-stricken at the sudden unfolding of her imperious disposition to him who had lately seen only iter tenderness, " Or, if my will be nothing to you, oil, man of bronze I will my entreaties be powerless, too J" >She changed her voice to one of prayer, choking at intervals with tearful sobs. " Can you not sec ho\v unnerved 1 am with terror I I atn frightfully unhinged." Site sank overcome, indeed, upon Hie ottoman. " it seems to me that through yon coldly glittering glass wall I saw faces cruelly grim in Hie waning moonbeams !" 1 1 c took a step towards the conservatory, frown ing savagely. " No, no ! 1 mean as a nightmare ! a fancy ! and yet there must he some mortal peril for you lingering at, my door." " Brainsick idea !'' ire said, forcing a smile, but her palpable terror, Iter opposition to iris depar ture, and a chili wbieli lie strove to attribute purely to the morning air, but which he also be lieved lie sha red with her— that cold creeping of the lie.-li which superstition ascribes to a knowledge by (ympatliy of an enemy walking over the ground uf tire's grave— all these impressed him, and lie laughed no more nt licr apprehension, while ho looked to it that his revolver was ready. " With tire daylight my phantoms will fade away," she proceeded, nibbing ber forehead with her handkerchief dipped in perfumed wntur. "You may laugh at me, then," smiling, but very ghastly, as she more than merely fancied there wns a step on the gravel. "What does it avail now, since you have stayed so long ? A couple of hours, pooh ! What can a couple of hours do ?" " Ruin you irrevocably," was his reply. Indeed, if there were spies on the watch, they had but to sec hinr walk forth in broad day after having run him to earth at midnight, to make the Princess a pariah. " You see, then," said she, " we arc fated to be man and wife." " Wife of a murderer — a Nihilist— the fugitive Ipanoff? You nre clean innd not to see that all chance of obtaining grace from the Czar will evapo rate witli the rising sun. Y'ou will be exiled anew aud without hope this time. Your fortune will be sequestrated like mine. You will be consigned to poverty, and the ladies who besought you t o favour their sons with a portion of a prince will not let you — for harbouring your lover one nigirt, though really to save his life— enter their house to earn a silver piece by teaching their daughter the carriage of the court." " Anything as long as you remain — poverty or glutted pride, all is one to me." ' But not in my eyes," he retorted. " Fare well." This time -lie more than intercepted him. She grasped him so that tire last petals of the dying camellia showered on the carpet like yellowing snowllalccs. " Loris," she cried, " is there no spell that will enchain thee ! Oh, madman, that will tiing thy self upon the spears'. Here I am urging thee, beseeching thee, uttering more than a loving woman ought to say. And still you attempt to rush from my grasp, while in >'oiu' ' good-bye' is tiie tremor of a pretendly loving man.'' ".Silence ! it is for my love that 1 dare tire devils." " No, thou lovc-st me not '" " Do you aim to make me as mad as yourself," lie said, biting his lip with vexation at her persis tency. " As madly in love, yet, for now you do not love me ; no, you do not love me, Loris." He Hung his arms round her with a fierce force which made her at once deem hers an embrace of waxen limbs. In his adoration lie had forgotten nil the outer world nt Inst. She looked him full in the eves none the less fixedly, her hands upon iiis shoulders, till he felt tliem both burning into liiin — into his very llcsh, then into his very soul. It wasthe vampire of tradition made feminine. Repulsing him suddenly, she ran to the side of the opening of the conservatory, and pressed a knob which caused a rolled-up door to uncoil, and fly rapidly across the space. It closed with the -nap of a spring. A wall on which pictures were painted had thus been -plead over the side of the room. Only Hie lamps, waxing from so long a combustion in the small hours, faintly illuminated Hie space. G ret eii was worse off than .Satan ; he could not even peep into this corner of Eden, "Are you sure, as my husband, that you will not pine with regrets?" she said, calmer at last as this barrier defended her '.beloved from the spirits -lie had arrayed against him. " You will not sigh for anything belter, for our country — for your old life, for the friendships and the domestic affections. 1 1 i- a great deal for one woman to di-place ! You will regret none of these ? Not one, upon your honour?" " .Speak not. of honour, when yours is no more in the eve- of man ! That, i- lost, alas !" "But. you are saved, thank God!" was her reply. Witli a dull explosion like a sigh, the lamp .shot up with a swift glare of llamc, and then went out, (TO HE CONTINUED.! 