TIlC flloud-Shftllv'K lfnfflo.nl A/IAJ I KBING ft$sh showers Cor tho thirsting flowers, From the aeaa and the streams; , I bear light shado for the loaves when laid. In their noon-day dreams, From my wings are shaken tho dews that waken Tho sweet birds every ono, When rooked to rest on their mother's breast. As alia dano'oa about the sun. I wield tho flail of the Iaahlng hall, And whiten the croon plains under; Aud then again I dissolve it in rain; And laugh as I pass in thunder. I sitt tho snow on the mountains below, And their great pines groan aghast; . kwi all the night, His my pillow white, While I sleep in tho arms of tho blast. Sublime on tho towers ot my skloy bowers . Lightning, my pilot, sits; , In a cavern under is fettered tho thundor; It struggles and howls fit fits. - Over earth an ocean, with goutlo motion, This pilot is guiding mo, Lured by tho lovo of the genii that move In the depths of the purple Ben; Over tho rills, and the crags, and the hjlls, Ovor'tho lakes and the olalnfi. Wherever he dream, uucler mc unt&ln; or stream, Tho spirit lie loves, remains j And I all the while bask in liotwon's blue smile, Whilst ho Ib dissolving in rains, Tho sanguine sunrise, with its meteor eyos, And his burning plumes outspread, Leaps on tho bnok of my sailing rack, When the morning 3tar shines dead, As on thfl jag of a mountain orag' Which an earthquake rooks and swings, Au eagle, alit, ono mqment may sit In the light of its golden wings ., And when sunset may breathe, from the lit sea beneath, Its ardors of rest and of lovo, And tho orimson pall of eve may fall From tho depths of heaven abovo, With wings foldod I rest on mine airy nest, As still as a brooding dove. That orbed maiden with wliito Are ladon, Whom mortals oall tho moon, Glides glimmering o'er my floeoo-lika floor B) tho midnight breozsa Btrewn s And, whorovor tho boat of lier unseen feet, Whioh only the angola hear, May lwo brokon the wool of my tent's thin roof, The Htars peep behind her and peor; And I laugh to aea them whirl and floe, Like a swarm o'golden be6s, When I widen the rent in my wind-built tent, Till the calm rivor, lakes, and seas, Liko strips of the slty fallen through mo on high, Aro etvoh paved with the moon and those, I bind the sun's throne with a burning zone, And tho moon's with a girdle of pearl; Tho voloanoos two dim, and the Btars reol and swim, Whon tho whirlwinds my bannor unfurl, Prom oape to oape, with a bridge-like shape, Over a torrent Boa, Sunbeam proof, I hang like a roof, The mountains its columns be, Tho triumphal arch, through whioh I march, With hurtloane, fire and snow, When the powers of the air areohained to my ? olmir, Is the milHon-oolorod bow; Tho sphero.firo abovo, its soft colors wove, . Whilo tlio moist earth was laughing below. I am tho daughter of the earth and water, And tho nursling of the aky; I pass through tho pores of tho ocean and shores; . I ohanfle but I oannot dio, , For after the rain, when, with novor a tstain, Tho pavilion of heuvon is bare, And tho winds and aunbeams, with thoir con vox glioma, Build up tho bluo domo of air I silently lau(?h tit my own oonotaph, And out of the .caverns of rain, Llko a child from tho womb, like a ghost from the tomb,' I riao aud upbuild it ngain, 