"JACK." A ROMANCE OF A STATION.. BY FRANCIS J. DONOHUE. A QUIET afternoon in a quiet suburb of Sydney. The weather warm-sultry even ; no one visible.-probably asleep, as the closed dow shutters beyond thoso cool-looking gordeua seem to betoken. . A stray dog, dreamily agitating with half oloaiid eyea on someabstract t|Ueatiou of canine sociology or politics, is too lazy or too much overcome by tho heat even to wag his tail. Evidently his mental exercises arc noi vigoroua; ana tho pet problem of canis sociology is not yet approaching its solute, But what of that ? Tho is warn^? le diahle est mart! a- We are standing just at the'exbaSJJy.- o£ one of thoso pleasant points—Dare?' ,{,, ? this one-that fringe bydney eun- kiaecd water is visible thrtA" just bslow. Tho houses hi^ ut , 8 ,r man ; wious rathei-— arc evidently*-* ??; elhu Bf. of people of substance, and carnage drives and nieely-trirasr? Xl ? m ale as m^ ( SeeUva of wealth .ar"/ 9 /f iuur t ar ? ot luxurious oaao or thp-l of l.wn-tc-nnjs or pleasant garden p?w ,'. ..?.'? ~, . A faint suspioS^ 1 Slat b . reczo aU but ripples tho pkk or , fl ? e ot th , e *?>??y wave, lets that lap*/, whito Band beneath the loliago fiin^' the all " re S anJ ''J? 4 moves into a lisp , "' s,<;i " n " 3 '" c leaves that rest, as it were c* n ' 2 n tnftt r ' s '* 3 C3 ?^ e UB as we ote-- 3 *, . . A In- " wa "i enclosing an eminently " ro spec/*"0 " U ? UB0, B "' lss door-plate—uyh ! " Seminary for Young Of course 1 Have any of my readers ever seen an es '(libli>Ument of tlio kind withoat a high wall, A* door-plate, or a frcezingly " re ..;)i.utub!?" appcariinuo, or—may I a<ld — vi!i)£titi:i Minds? , A. liriskiy- approaching vehiolo bioaks the sti.Une?S. Tho rattle of a, cab. It approaches —aops. An r.ctivo figure springs out, ringa, p.tid jwaies within—patisufl into the ominontly " respectable " houae with the high wall , and the door-plate, Presently he emerges, find , not alone. Himself and his companion di? \- tho cab whioh has waited, 'and now - iiiStlos off. Eis companion is a lady, and young. Pretty also,. Wo are interested in that. Lot us follow, and tind before doing so, Jet, mo quietly and calmly hae-len io disabuse tho excited mind of my render of any suspicion of intrigue or mystery in oil thii The occurrence wo have just ?wit nessed is tho tnooc commonplace and prosaic in the world. And yet, not too commonplace or altogether prosmic either. What though one of tho fair boarders of Harrington Houae lcliool has jubt left the old school- room under the protection of her father's protege on,her lu.-;t and endless Christraii.B vacation, who will s>uy that-tho first stop of this fair young maid from tlio world of youth and dreams to the world of womanhood and life is not ft step too irretrievable to bo called commonplace, and ; far 100 iraughc with the poetry of that grand ' Ufa fobs prosaic 1, A young girl leaving school! , Yea, Dolly Pomeroy fans ju3i. left for tho last time the shelter of her Alma nutter. Shortly sho will bo on her wa/ to the great station o! their grim old father, Gerald Poraeroy, of Wilnagurro, beyond the Liverpool Ranges. She will pass her Christmas vncation there, and, after that, she will settle down to the pitiless humdrntn of station life, so crnel to tho fresh, Dociety- loving girl. For the last time i she has dined and chatted with her envying 1 schoolmates then—for the last time slept in that quiet old dormitory, with its whito rows of snowy hedf, that looked so ghost-like in the moonlight, streaming through the window —that window looking over tho moonlit water that Dolly likened to " the magio easements opening on perilous seas' in faery lands for .lorn," of which a romantic temperament and a young girl's warm fancy, fed by poets' tales, had taught her. \- We!!, that- was svll nver now. and Dolly had, even bidden farewell to the ogress— i.e., re vered preceptress—and was already rnttling briskly enough away from tho old. school 'and its associations. An-i her companion, what of him ? Well, Jack waa a handsome young fellow, hand somely dressed in a fashionable suit and hut, and yellows kid?, and etceteras in which ho did not feel quito at home. Ycfc was ho n handsome, gentlemanly young fellow, ?with fair Saxon hair and blue Saxon oy?3, and the fresh, healthy breath of the open country about him, and the firm hand and steady eye of tho man who has got his station experience and earned it. Slightly touched with tho sun too ; butlitho and slim as an acrobat, and closely knit as platinum wire. Pleasant-faced and soft-voiced too, when ha pleased, as now; and yet with a passing shade of sensual seli- esteom and egotism, oven downright shallow selfishness withal. But tho observer would never notice this, as Jack bent kindly over tho happy little maiden with the bright yellow tresbes and blue eyes, who laughed back at his own, sit tiug by his side. Arthur Allerton, or as his friends called him, for no conceivable reason but the inurost whim of caprice, "Jack." Allorton waa a handsome young fellow as I have already said, —with a history. Very few know his history. Dolly's father knew it. Dolly did not. Jack's station friends were ignorant of it also, and if tho casual visitor wondered sometimes at the hnlf-familiar terms on which this noticeable young boundary ? rider lived on the station, he soon forgot his wonder at this, in greater amaze at other things. l?'or Pomeroy plrc was an original in his way, but a very grim and stern original it was. And when, unknown , to all," Arthur left his old English home and his sisters in Greenfield Grange in tha shires, and was suddenly missed about tho same time from his familiar hauntsiifc tho club and in the Row,— when in short his forgery of his father's signature, to meet his own gambling debts, was detected, and tho affair was hu*hcd up, Arthur AlUxton'a father knew that in consigning him to the care of his cousin Gerald Pomeroy far away in the antipodes, in Austral in, was placing his son in a severe school, whore the penalty, but not the recollection of his lajino, would follow him. And this was V Jack's " history. " Jnck " ho became, in name and designation, at Wilmagurra, and as " Jack" the reader knows him. And so Molly and Jack sped gaily on their way. ? * * , ; It had been a long and tedious journey; or, ratiior, it would have been tedion3 had not pleasant companionship beguiled the way. Three hundred miles is a iong journey to make without railways, and young girls fresh from 'school f?ro not the best travellers. But then, Dolly was an Australian girl, and a squatter's daughter, and then Jack was such a , pleasant , fellow, and his flattery and evident aduairation wove very pleasing to the young girl fresh from school in the present instance, so that when at last the_ old home station of Wilna gurra came in sight, and tho familiar objeots grouted her again, and her grim impressed a grim kiss firmly on her flushes p 4 cheek—well, bythiit time Jack and Dolly fc/ become great friends. Be it noted her&y; that before their introduction to. the er theso young, people had never seen _ea££* nev before. Dolly had been at school .J-?'^ n a for the last three years, and for pS*''„,„„„>, half beforo that Jack had h^& they mot away on an out-station, so £>*\ ? J almost as strangers.; :? ,£ b(^h either GeraldPomeroy pen, mj> & on ? ]i 3 a very wild or a b * on no hal , youth. There wonld mcd character a3 measures with such a- W£ls ? ahno3t to harshness, and Bho a 8 uko her pr And the marnory of il "? bright spot in old r" u> n& ? asis^'cr green. Thdrshad Gerald s courtsh ip ) romantic With all ~ f, romance ol the courtly days of C? M-Mthors. But it had its darker scenes, ?^' his cousin Arthur's father had 2 .*?.? But, when at last the former, otill a mani had borne away his prize to dis -3t Australia, and went out into the country .with the pioneer squatters to hew a new for tune out of this new continent, ha had thrown the past behind him, and left it with its dead- Dolly's mother, as I have said, was dead now. Who has not seen those melancholy plots near tho old home-stations of the colonies, where the dust of the pioneers 'is laid ? Every sta tion has its little necropolis like thia, and that green spot with the white fence, shaded by two giant ouoalypii on the hill yonder, visible from the verandah where Jack, and Dolly, and her father now 1 stand, is, to the last-named, the one sacred spot in all the world. And Gerald's idol lived again inhis daughter. For some days p.n unwonted briskness had enlivened the house. The festive Christmas setvson was approaching, and tho old-country traditions of tho family had bidden them mako veady the festivities of the time.' Arid, so thero was lite and bustle about the station, and Dolly's oheery voice and presence, like a ray. o£ sunlight, gladdoned and gleamed through the gloomy rooms, with their old fashioned furniture, as the servants lent them selves to her inexperienced direction, until, at last, the day was upon thorn. Tho house, by this thus, was full of visitors, for Gerald had departed from his usual custom to welcome his daughter home. The Australian mistletoe was hung, even. Tho Christmas dinner, with itn tojwta of Dolly's hoalth, pro|'.ircd by an enthusiastic vonng , from the couniiy round, and drunk by all the young unmarried gentlemen of the district and adjacent town ship, waa net gayer or merrier than tho sub sequent bull, where Dolly danced with most .of-her admirers, but, above all, and of truest, witb'Jack. For a few weaks after this the festivities and mutual visiting continued. But with the New Year tho home-stntion re-ssttkil down into its normal placidity, which Dolly rnaj be forgiven for mistaking for dulnes?, and then the dull blank level of monotony com menced. \- With pleasure Gerald had witnessed hia daughter's hearty participation in the ocason's festivities, and with misgiving he saw the ap proach of tho listless langonr which took it? place. Now -willingly enough tho fact was borne in upon him that the life of the station wii3 not lively enough for the young and active girl, but even then he found it impos sible, to act on his. convictions. But .Tnck found his duties becoming daily less impera tive, and daily he found more and moro op portunities to indulgo hhnac-If with the society of the girl whose temperament natur ally sought the society of some one of her own age. Their intimacy deepened. With passive relucU nca Gerald watahed it grow. He felt for his daughter's loneliness, which, he told him self, Tvns llio result of bis cirn selfishness. But bis heartstrings had entwined them selves round the girl ovon more clos?ly sinca she had returned homo, and he could not bring himself to deny tho lusary of her presence near him in his home. As a compromise he permitted the society of ' ht3 protegt more than would otbenvis9 have | pleased him. And after the last of those . Christmas waltzes Jack's volatile fancy took i a decided turn. ' With polished tastes that had been a long I while overlain by the rough station life ot the . bush, it was natural enough that Jack would ' seek the girls' congenial society. It was the \ first true reminder of the home life of his ! ' siatera, and pf tho graces of the world of j fashion. It were well if faat3 had continued ' to connect his impressions of Doily's society j with the home lifo of his sisters 1 ?? ] Tho girla' youthful temperament found i congenial society in her new friend's graceful | tastes. They sang together, painted together, | read tho same hooks together. Thoy rode i out together, attended by Dr. Olby's groom, aerosa the broad grassy plains whose surface rippled like the sea beneath the breeze. It was pleasant to rein up their horses to- j got her on the hill, and watch far beyond the J tree-top 3 that surged and tossed beneath | them, the bright'flash and gleam of water, till ] the sun died out with a purple glow, suffasing j all tho scene with a halo of magic beyond all , art of painter or of poet, in the calm Ausf.ra- | Han afternoon. And then to mark where tho wind roso as the soft light died out, and its ! hurtling breath swept towards them athwart, the tree-tops again, but fiercer than before, — on and'on like the rushing of some mighty sea, with the thousand forest voices of bush and plains swelling up in that striking < harmony of nature together, till at last swept round them, drowning their very voices, ! deoponing in its volume, the full diapason of tho storm I Or again, to iide by the river j bank where the waters gathered <huindelvi;a into long, deep, placid reaches, overshadowed by the great gums that threw their long shadows beneath them on the grass, m the peaceful eventide. All this was pleasant onough ; and these rides and thair congenial companionship were revelations to both. So what wonder that Jack commenced to culti tivate the decencies of social life once more, so that at last ho almost felt like himself again in civilised garb, dress-coat and gloves. Such a state of things as this could have but one outcome, and it cathe like tho culmination of an idyll. It was one quiet, memorable evening. They had just returned from ft long ride, and the cool calm of .the dying day had predispose the minds of both to tender thoughts. Thei I ride had been gentle, and so, though restir/ I they were not fatigued. The natural ligtyfo I of both had been tempered jnst sui'ficien/ o f ' put them in harmony with tho gentlj/ ! tho hour. / The I It was a purely Australian evejnjg lovers—for such they were—sat Xnanse of dow that looked forth over station, country that formed the WilnAi onthralied Tho moon had just come J{ o ne of those with silver rays." It wej/ pIl i n Australia, twilights so rarely seen/j the softness of when the light of Par away the night are beginning ?f sharply the bluo sky, dark hno of_the Wot tho solte3 t sunset and the faint sluf o linKer ero it diedt It purple yet, Australian evenings was ono of the tilno makes up for tha when the sur wlitional aS3 p O i ations o f o i?] er want o! H-' every rustling leaf seema to hinds w^ wn j oye an Q every vpander whisperjj p£ air is burthened with a sigh. , 2 "S j?rf streamed softly through the stained vf .;/> into the room where dreaming youth beauty sat together. Jβ was tho old, old story; woven anew from So same world- old woof, and with the same ild familiar burden to the tale. ' " The curtain of silk has known whispers ns tender A.S over the blossoraiug lmwthorn has hoard." A sigh—a ?whisper—an |embrace—and our lovers knew no more. And lip mot lip, and sigh sped back to sigh, and love called unto love, deep unto deep, and the world-old tale waa told again. ' In the morning Gerald Pomeroy returned again to Wilnagurra.' For three days ho had been absent. In those three days a life-was lived : —and lost 1 ? Another Christmas. : In a few days the anniversary will bo upon us again. Again tho home station rung with the note of pre paration, aud was marked by the confusion of haste. . During the past few months from the date of the event just described, its circumstances had been often enough repeated, need I follow the decline, on one side, of the passion, the progress of which I have lightly sketohed. ? Postal communication between AYilna gurra and the metropolis, was not frequent. With favourable roads and weather, the Sydney mail rcaohed the station once a week. Often the station was for weok? without its mail. ?;., '??'?''"' . '?.."?. ~''"' ? ~ ? One evening about this time, suoh an overdue mail arrived. Quito a budget of cor respondence oanie" to Dolly, which she re tired to read.' Girls' letters from old aohool mates, most of thorn, with kind seasonable wishes and Christmas cards, and the usual chit-ohat of girls. Dolly, was deep in theso, contrasting the lifo of the past, with the present, and dreaming innocently enough of a happy future. . A familiar tap came to the door. It was pushed, gently epen, and Jack appeared in the room with an open letter in liis hand. : With an expression whioh showed Dolly at onco that ho had received important news, Jack took possession of the cushion at hor feet, and leaning on her knee, waited while eho glanced over the letter. ~. ? It was an English letter, in a legal hand.- In brief set phrases it told Jaok that his father was dead, and that his presence was required at homo at onco. With a sharp cry Dolly let the letter nutter to the floor. Jack had Dolly already in his embrace. With many loving protestations ho set the state of affaire clearly before her, and after many promises of a epeedy re-union, he s/ained at -lenath her unwilling csusenfc to their separation. Jack left Wjlnagurra next morning. 'The holiday making was blank and spiritless, to Dolly without him. Dolly I'omeroy never aaw Arthur Al'crton —" Jnck " —in this life again. About six montb.3 after Jack departed, Dolly v,os sitting alone iv her room, the same to v/bioh he had cocno to bid her farewell. She had been reading, but tho book now lay turned idly downward on her lap. She was day- drenrning, dreaming o£ Jack, when a letter was put into her hands. It was ad dressed in Jack's writing, and was encloFed in cither, which boro tho Sydney postmark. Hastily rpening the enclosure, Dolly read as follows: - Sydney, May 12,1860. " My very dear Dolly.—Yournoto will befor wiu'ded to "you by a friend, after I have left Australia, I bopa, forever. I hope, I need not say how delighted I am to write this. "Of course, in leasing Australia for my natural home, I leave everything behind mo. Therefore, dear girl, with pleasant reminis cences of the past and, thanks for tho relict you have afforded to tho medium of bush life in Australia. " Believe mc, Your forgetful lover, "Jack." That was all. Dolly did noVeven cry out. Pressing ocft hand ta Jier .breast, to etilltha aching sensation in her heart, she mercifully lost consciousness, as her book and tho fatal, latter fell on tho floor at her feet. She was foand there, hours afterwards. The letter told her father all. ? ' Let mc limn the immediate sequence v/ith rapid tonche?. .Gerald's woree fears wore realised, hut the reality far outstripped can- , She shadow of hie fear. It was now soma.- ? naven or eight mouths after tho first iove incident we have recorded, —since that ' fatal afternoon. Now that Gerald's eyes, so wilfully closed, had been so violently opened, the stats of affairs was but too plain. Aβ I have said, Gerald Pomeroy was a grim, stern man. His daughter was a doubly sacred thinj; to him. To have this holmes desecrated ; by Ihe son of his ancient eousiii— enamy was more than he could bear. "Within a few weeks of his discovery, Gerald Pomeroy had sold his station, through the agency of a large Sydney firm. Long ere that Dolly had been convoyed to- Sydney, and with a competont. allowance, was left by her stern parent to tho coldness of tho world. Gerald Pomeroy/sailed to Englandjby the first home steamer. My story is practically finished. -- " Two scenes more, and my drama of real life is done. ? j The stranger in Sydney was often arrested/" some years ago by the occasional passinr along the streets of certain female figur/" 1 - uenally two together, distinctively and /g forraly dreesed. A plain dress, with $' or blue cloak, depending from a straw bojfg to — hat, entirely veiling tho figure, and f ladies the f oct. The wearers look like nunar 1863, of some devout order. About was one of these blue-cloaked femaj'iie pasaera especially remarked in of that by turned to gaze after tjg, blue eyes, of sweat, pale face, and thop e as she flitted which he caught but a g?eyes that haunted unrestinglypast, a faegr tho sake-of-the?x- 1— tho observer long aftjbdued pain, they ex. "' ceoding beauty, bu' pressed. /and followed the face and Not a few tuj£d them. These she almost figure that asg' many a poor and humble invariably 1/thence, if they followed her dwellinp f certain long, ugly building in patientlyatreet — now fortunately pulled way for a more magnificent dowi)^—and known as the Sydney In str,?y. . For she was a hospital nurse. flQ't sometimes the curions ones might lose si among those dwellings of tho poor, where ??.ur among unose aweiungs 01 tno poor, wnere Jtie spent most of the time not occupied in jthe sick ward, aud most of the money that 1 Gerald Pomeroy allowed his daughter. i She would be loat for a time. Bat anyono I following her into the last of these humble I loflginga would perhnp3 hn.ve saon her, when her day was done, in her own room, and. would perhaps have reoognised in her, her oloak thrown asido and the long silky tresses of her golden hair escaping over her shoulders, Bitting j there as we saw her once before when a fatal I letter reached her fated hands—might have j recognised in her the Dolly Pomeroy of Wil nagurra Station, if not of Harrington House School.' But perhaps the latter would be better [ brought to mind by the bright-haired, blue eyed, blithe little thing of three years that made disorder among the playthings at ths " -? youug mother's feet. As the child looks up, with its bright yellow tresses and blue eyes that reflect back her owni are we reminded of that youug girl's leaving school, four short years ego, when she looked up with tho same trusting smile, the same bright hair and blue eyes, to tho face of another sitting hy her side t ? ?..?..'.???? ? ? * * And the spoilor, what of him ? Well, Arthur Allerton—the handsome and , - debomiairc— has gone back; blithely and with alight heart to the scones of his youth, to gladden the salons of the noble and tho bou doirs of the fair with his handsomo Saxon face arid his faultlese physique, to toll the old ? tale to others perhaps; and to settle down by and bye to the decorum of married life and a' : seat for the county. See him there, among the half-nude beauties of the ballroom, and contrast him as he glided softly and gracefully round the room with tho loveUness of the belle on his arm, the envied of the follows of his set and tho favoured of the matrons. Contrast him now with the pale, sad figure in,the white cloak, by the siak man's bod in tho humble lodging, or passing Swiftly along the Sydney streots. Sco him at his club—in his box at the theatre—at Ascot. Surely that fair young face and those frank blue eyes, and that open ness of expression that makes him suoh'n favorite with his friends, can no more cover'a hard hoart of callous selfishness and ignoble deceit than it can belythe gauge it givea of a ' happy, old ago, with its love, honor, and troop 3 of friends! Poetic justice is dealt. Suoh things aro al ways so with these handsome, heartless, husks of men. But not always, perhaps. Few know the owner of that closed oQlco, to whoso door the private cab of the handsomo Arthur so often rattles up. The principal is nover there when Arthur draws the money lor his extravagances, for his patrimony has boon shared by hie sisters, aud his portion was not so large as it ' is reputed to have been. Had ho known to whom his accommodat ing friend made his weekly report, he would, ? perhaps, have seen fit to dread tho deep-laid schemes of vengearee of his victim's f atuor. . For Gerald Pomeroy sits without the wab which ho has woven, waiting with grim and almost diabolic hate till Mβ victim bo woll within his toils. ?. ? ? ? \\- ?? * ??^*^i Mns. Stowtj's littlo grandson, aged five, -Jive was reproved by his mothor for swinging on i a neighbour's gate, and told that Mr. Smith would not liko it. "I don't flare for Mr? saeefe* Smith," said the urchin, ? nor for his ox, v than t m hie ass nor anything that is his." " Will - tho p^o , a a?ked his mothor, "do you know .who iso wben it ;!, those words you uso so?" "I don't koto do ao All v,aa the reply; " Grandma Stowe, I roe creditod with ft wisdom will at 11 tho SinglftQH 