THE TRAVELLER. [PIC]TURES OF TRAVEL. BY J. S. IN VENICE AGAIN. Even in the middle of winter, with a northerly wind blowing down upon it from the Alps, with a touch of frost in the air, and with the snow lying white and thick upon the distant Dolomites, Venice looks more beautiful than many another Italian city does, when the glory of summer invests it with a celestial nimbus. For the " Sea" Cybele" is independent of the seasons, and *belfl ^toCersorfoliege. Give her] c"e8B0thiDg ^ power of capti ration 1B I Give her the lightof thefull moon, looks as if she had renewed het ,niL ir«r marble palaces Bhine with some 1 Ambling their pristine lustre. The ''"'iplaatorand dilapidated brickwork crU? meLt edifices appear to be trans-1 (f bf,: t0 fair freestone and florid fresco. , mea and campaniles seem to be the B"nf®terdar, ftnd the mosaics above the the five portals of the Basilica of .! I "inw as brightly aa when Gentile Stfl UranBferred them so faithfully to the f !Cilva8 upon which iuM depicted the ^ESsrf Church and *»le «n the Piazza i Day. And if call a gondola in ghostly silence through a dozen I m m of the narrow rt'j-or Bmaller canals- \ \ Jb intersect the city in every direction, 'Awse intricacies are known only to the none but a London cab- j m«n is thoroughly familiar with the labyrtn Sbf- wajsof the British meteopol.8( you -ii be rewarded by a succession of such Sres-Bucb wonderful combinations of Sc light and solemn shadow, of archi Sm»»l wd *e'"al P«ni«t«». «f ondge and Eoy, of Arab arch and Renaissance gate of deep blue sky and purple water, of dSseclnded calle and bright open campo, 1 lately church and scowling soUo portico, d anffefluented and dusky ramo, and of Lr, noisy no terra, as only Venice can pro mt. There is nothing like it elsewhere; ?rclfrin. more rich in picturesque associations I connected with the past, nothing more poor Um the condition of its people in the pre- f teal, frben mendicancy has become a fixed j .labit, and poverty feels no compunction in Biking an ostentatious parade of its ptiva-1 tjoai and necessities. Elsewhere an indigent proletariat will emigrate to other centres of popoittion, or will wander off into the .«motry in search of the employment which jt fciis to obtain at home. But not BO in Ytoioe. In moat of the other cities of Italy yoBwill meet with people who have come thither from the towns or villages of Pied moat, Lombardy, Tuscany, Naples, the old Mies, and the Papal States. But the j Vetetiin clings to his native city "in poverty, [ jnoitr, and dirt." He will vegetate there in preference to earning the means of supplying falf with sufficient food, adequate cloth* I iD^and a comfortable shelter elsewhere. It isiottnoate for him that" a contented mind [ iitconiional feast," for it is the only feast, poorfellotv, with which he is likely to be] uootioted from the cradle to the grave. Whfte will endure rather than tear himself J«f from the beautiful city which has given him birth is almost incredible. He will sub tin apon a morsel of greasy polenta, a few soaps of dried fish, and a cup of sour Paduan tine, which is retailed at little more than twopence a pint. He will wear his shabby ttd scanty garments until they drop from iutmebed back, and he will hovel in « wMirty den, into which neither the tan.' mine nor the scrubbing-brush ever enters, I has of necessity many undesirable wtapimonB, and he will maintain a cheeri- j ra» oi voice, a liveliness of aspect, and a wicuy of demeanour which nothing bat a w^ftMt or a raw fog is capable of even tojoianly diminishing. When the weather stoenoush and warm enough he takes his <,o0rfl» "patting down ha back to a sunny wall, or standing thosewindowlessshops at jy M® boilers full of steaming aPPle». «d pears, T * chucoal brazier with a nan of & mit0tSi 0?er ftnd large earthen S Sd ti wbat jo oww conn. C Ja "8Mied aB green , .cattle, but it here, used a few drops! the commonest ®>1.. to, give the mixture a S ^'® !ndu!e®nc6» of the I 8BK5^^ I 1 w ""bUb ^ those dainty j I TP bin «he mT?ltA-»ar* l*)roniht into ftfsnippliei ' wh«;o«. indeed, I i£TW»nof t^ v(,M^ar®dra*rn! with g??,WDia the ^,rk^Pkttelw^tb««whioh As mean!1 A^u' *? that f°a <*n j SkL**W,h.ftcha F*.«wao; Msraaasasn wblfth!rPWl "fRwli and whose face* are plated a0(j pQckered ! iAto wlinktei innumerable, not eo much by age as exposure to the snn, to the buxom and black-haired young girU with " Rlob peMMt cheeks of ruddy broof^, And ey«? which fl«h on you a volley Of fays that s»y i thousand things at onoe." And the chit-ohat of the bigolantc-the | women who wear men's hats and coarse gar ments, bat generally display massive gold earrings with a brooch and necklet of the j same material, and who have a pair of copper buckets suspended from a yoke on their brawny shoulders-being gathered from a wider area and from the many households to which they are water-carriers, is more piquant, and you may almost divine its pur port from the animated comment and illus tration which it receives from their flexible and expressive countenances. So, also, with the man who peddles lemons-six a penny on the bridge of San Toma, not far from the house in which Carlo GoMoni was born; and so with the old fellow from whom you can purchase a glass of fresh water, flavoured with aniseed, for half a farthing; and BO 1 with tbt hunchback whois ready to clean your i boots under the arcades of the piazza; and so | with Tonio Qiustiniani, who sits cobbling shoes, when the weather is warm enough, on the door-step of the Palazzo Rezzmico-I mean the entrance to it from the fondumenta near the Ponte San Barnaba. Each of these persons will expend as much histrionic action^ and untaught elooution upon the narrative of a petty tquabble in a wine-shop or a domestic "difficulty," as an average English actor would employ in delivering Othello's speech to the Venetian Senate. And the grace with which Tony will utter his Servo suo" in reply to your " Buori giarno," is such as many a " walking gentleman" upon the stage might Justly envy. Let us CTOSB the threshold of this stately edifice, which waB erected from the designs of Longhena no longer ago than the middle of the last century, and see what | the inside of a large palace is like. It ie full of ghosts. You cannot hear their fodt-1 steps, like those which were audible in The I Lady's Walk of Mrs. Oliphant, but you can I imagine them pacing up and down the deso-! late apartments which were once so fall of | light and life, festivity and splendour, and wringing their spectral hands over the silence, the dampness, and the decay which have fallen apon their old abode. You enter ihe building through a massive gateway-which forma a magnificent frame for the aforesaid cobbler-into a BmaU courtyard, crossing which, you obtain admission to a grandiose parte eochtre, on the left of which, in a deep recesB flanked by rusticated pilaBters, are the shield and coronet of the family, with the colours and the gilding well nigh faded out of both. Facing you is the broad marble stair case leading to the principal apartments on the prima piano, in one of whiGh-it is of vast dimensions and quite unfurnished-an artist Is at work upon an enormous cartoon, the magnitude of hiB canvas being dwarfed by that of the saloon which serves him for a studio. £ut if, instead of ascending to the rooms of state, j on turn to the right, you find yourself traversing a spacious quadrangle, paved with slabB of black and white marble, and furnished with solid benches of the same material for the liveried gondoliers and lackeys of the noble-family which once inha bited this lordly mansion. On the right are two folding-doors, giving access to a side canal. Four massive pillars Bupport the superstructure; beyond these is another quadrangle, open to the sky. Into this court look the windows of the innfer rooms of the three npper stories, some of them ornamented with stone balconies, while ] along the inner side rnn handsome gal leries, once brilliant with flowers and vocal with caged birds, but now dingy and damp- spotted. The pavement is of black and white marble, weather-stained and humid, arranged in conformity with a geometrical design. Crossing this quadrangle you enter a second covered area, of the same dimensions as the first, with iron gates at the end, opening out upon a handBome vesti bule; and thence, through two coupled columns of impressive maBeiveness, yon reach the flight of semicircular marble stepB whioh served as the principal entrance to the palace from the Grand Canal. Once upon a time-it was npon the 29th of July, 1758-a bridge of boats was thrown across the stream from this point to the opposite shore, and ' over it was borne the body of Vittoria Barba rigo, the mother of Pope Clement XIII., to the church of the Mendicants, in which was the family vault of the Rtszonichi; and the gloomy splendour of the funeral pageant was long remembered until it was partly effaced from men's recollections by the enter tainments, offered by the Republic of Venice to the Emperor of Austria in this palace in the year 1769 ; these including a concert of nnexampled magnificence. On the right of the last-named hall, enter ing ft from the Grand Canal, is another flight of m&rblp; stairs, communicating with each of the floors above. This palace contains upwards of a hundred apartments, fonrof them being each as spacious as a suburban town-hall In the neighbourhood of Mel bourne; and attached to the extensive and lofty pile if a garden nearly equal in area to that covered by the building itself. Bat ex cepting that one flat is partially occupied by the family of a small Venetian noble, and that two or three of the tipper rooms are let out as studios to artists, at 5b. a week, and that the cobbler, who acts as concierge, bur rows with his family somewhere in the vault like offices on the ground floor, the palace iB adreary and depressing solitude. The grime of yean has gathered over the windows, the .moitthroof eooresof winters has sullied the whiteness. of the oater and inner walls, ihe hand of time has blurred the .harp edges of the masonry and effaced Ihe delicate' outlines of the sculptures, the Ironwork of the balconies is reddened with tost, and no touch of revivifying paint, no housemaid's broom pr charwoman s acrubblng-hruah has freshened the dinginess of the window-frames, or brightened' the aspect of the discoloured doors. The chim neys are tmokeless, the hearths ate oold, and L ambers are vacant. No children a est pattef jlpon the nursery floor, no aocents I of muslo are wafted outward fromtamptaoos banqueting-room o* stately salon; and . "No otberlound oratlr ot life 1* there, j _ Ksoept toy steps in Military clamber, c from flight to flight, from huwld stair to ftalr, 't Mud chamber into chamber." .Three brothers of the old and noble family j pf Retxonico came here from Como in the year 1987, and were permitted to inscribe their tiafnee in the Librod'Ovo upon pay ment of the jam of 100,000 daoats. One of the three was father of Carlo Rtzzonioo, who, entering the chtarch, beoame Bishopof Padua, member pf the College of Cardinals, and in 1758 Pope bf Rome, Under the title of Clement XIII., end the Republic - appointed his brother, youjuk,aiyou stand upon the marble steps bf their «ohoing palaoe, «nd watch the glit tering inflection of Its lotty /cwatfe, shattered with sUvery ripriel by the waters of .the " IJenaL Soft the same question will to' the Barbari, the Gkvafli, the Mali flint ^ directly opposite; and to tie Contarini, the Giuetiniani, the Fosofcri, ftnd the Grimani, whose former dwelling-places look down upon the silent highway to the right and left of you. The magnificent totnba of these and other proud patricians ocoupy enormous areas of the wall-space in the churches of St. John and St. Paul, St Salvatore, Sts. Maria dei Ffiari, St. Stefano, St Giorgio, St. Francesco della Vigna, and the Jesntta; bat the de scendants of the illustrious dead seem, in many instances, to have altogether disap peared, so that nothing remains of the most powerful Venetian families in the days of old but the famous names they bore. On the threshold of their stately but deserted palaces you feel and own the force and truth of Byron's words " SUtnei ot glass-*11 shivered; the long; file Of her dead doges are declined to duet; But where they dwelt, the vast and sumptuous pile Bespeaks the pageant of thctr splendid trust. Tbelr sceptre broken, and their sword in rust, Have yielded to the stranger. Empty halls, Thin streets, and foreign aspects, such as must Too oft remind her who and what enthrals, Have flung a desolate cloud o'er Venice' lovely walla." Nor haB that cloud been lifted by the emanci pation of the city from the Austrian yoke, for people acknowledge-not without an accent of regret-that the acquisition of freedom has been accompanied by a decline in pros Verity, and that the languishing condition of commerce in Venice offers a melancholy con trast to its rapid growth and increasing im portance in Trieste. Among the handsomest of the palazzi on the Grand Canal, one-that of the Corner or Cornaro family, which gave a queen to Cyprus, and innumerable caidinals, prelates, doges, procurators, generals, and senators to Venice or the church- is now a monte di pietd, another is a mosaic manufactory, a third an hotel, a fourth an old curiosity shop, a fifth a furniture warehouse, a sixth a bank, a seventh a superior school of com merce, an eighth the municipal chambers, and so on. and ao on. Of the former magni ficence of the Venetian palaces a good idea may be formed by visiting that of Prince Giovanelli, which is situated on the Rio San Felice, the second canal on your right after passing the lovely Ca' d'Oro, going north ward from the bridge of the Rialto. Every apartment U sumptuoualy furnished and decorated. You pass from one reception room to another, and find each vying with its predecessor in the elegance and costliness of its appointments. The ceilings are covered with carvings, the walls are luBtrous with massively-framed sheets of looking-glass and rich with draperies of exquisite material and design. Ttoe marble mantelpieces ate the work of sculptors of renown; the cabinets, constructed of the most beautiful furniture woods, are full of old china, some of it almoBt priceless; and in certain of the apartments are gathered together pic tures which are regarded with peculiar affection as family heir-looms. One of these is a " Holy Family" by Rftffaelle, and another one of Giorgione'a superbly beautiful women, while the collection comprises specimens of some of the best artists of both the Italian and the Flemish schools. Tbe panels of the ballroom glow with views of Venioe from the brush of CanalettL These alternate with glittering mirrors, and at night, when it is lit np by m riads of wax candles in brilliant chandeliers of old Slurano glass, the whole ecene glitters like an Oriental palace " In the golden prime Of good Haroun Alrischld." The boudoir of the Pxinceas reBembles a marquee lined with Batin brocade, and the luxurious easy chairs and ottomans which inyite you to Bink into their yielding cushions, the soft thick carpet, which feels like moss beneath your feet, the subdued light which comes you know not whence, the perfumed atmosphere, and the wafts of music which float past you, mingled with the soft susur rent murmur of distant voices, might well beseem that" Castle of Indolence" imagined by the poet of the " Seasons," where J " Entangled deep la its enchanting snares The listening heart forgot all duties and all cares." Before the fall of the Republic, and long after the Venetian nobles had abandoned the lucrative pursuits of commerce and had begun to consume their capital in order to supply the means of a prodigal expenditure, most of the patrician families possessed palatial villas on the mainland, to which they were accustomed to repair during the snmmer season, or for the purpose of spending the villegeiatura at the beginning of the autnmn. On the banks of the Piave from Treviso to Mestre, and on those of the Bachiglione from Padua to its outfall in the lagunes near Chioggia, arose the stately country-houses of the Contarini, the Pisanf, the Foscari, the Baglioni, Erizzi, Fareetti, and others, erected by the most famous architects of the day, adorned with frescoes by Paolo Veronese, Tiepolo, Pietro Visconti, Fabio Canale, and Giacomo Varano; and filled with rarities collected from all parts of the world by tbe adventurous countrymen of Marco Polo and the Cabots. One dihingroom did not suffice for the luxu rious habits of a generation which worshipped pleasure, and lived only to gratify its self indulgence. The host and hostess and their { guests partook of the two first courses in one Danqueting-chamber, of tbe third and fourth in a second, and of the pastry, dessert, and comfits in a third. The gardens surrounding these villas were the soenes on moonlight evenings of al fre*co concerts and theatrical performances, of elegant files, and even of miniature engagements upon the river which (lowed at the feet of their marble terraoes, and sparkled or glowed with the reflected light of their fantastio illuminations, or npon an artificial sheet of water aet in a leafy framework of myrtles, magnolias, and orange trees. There is an animated aocount of one of these epeotacles in a volume published in the middle of the last oentnry, and preserved in the library of the Qoirini Stampiale at Venice. " I arrived at Pianola," where the villa of the Contarini family was situated, says the writer, " towards the hour of twenty-two and a half," or about half-past 10 in the evening. " I saw an immense fish-pond illuminated by lamps and torohes, with a buctntoro in the middle of it covered with velvet and Masonry. I entered the palace and e»w twenty chambers royally furnished. Our host and hostess then em barked with many noblemen on the btioen taro. By the side of the fish-pond w^a a garden in whioh numerous young girls sang a serenade. The maestro, Don Paolo, who wb professor of music to the young girls at( the Osprdaletti (the . then orphanage of St. John and Sc. Paul), seeing me, invited to come to the plaoe where the serenade was being performed. There were upwards of 36 voioes, besides a great number of instru ments. Very soon two vessels appeared upon the scene, and then two others of stucoo. An engagement took plane and-the vessels of stucco were blown Into the air, In the hold ot tbe bucmpro there were other musicians to the number of four and twenty, with trumpets and other Instruments. The fite lasted until ? o'clock In the mom | H 0 \ ? The" gardens wer^ tuually dotted with kiosks, through the stwned-glass wlndows of viiiohthe caaxtf-wtoand Uftfri ttWAUWdfint upon beds of fragrant flowers, or upon fawns. of velvet softness; and $ach of these rfitlreats was a little court,: in which some feigning . beauty received the homage of her devoted, circle of admirers, oc where some sharp- i tongued wit amused a crowd of eager listeners by the vivacity of his conversation, or the pungency of his comments on~ tbe less patrician section of the guests . " One bag false curia, another too much paint; A third-whew did ahe buy that Mghtful tarbanf A fourth's eo pile tbe fears she's going to taint; A fifth looks vulgar, dwrdyisb and suburban ; A sixth's white «llk has got a yellow taint; A seventh's thin muslin surely will be her bane." And onder the shadow of the tall dark cypresses lovers whispered, and on toe polished marble of the steps leading from the terrace to the fountain, with a white circle of ghostlike statues standing silently around it, (night beseated another Lorenzo with another Jessica, watching the moonlight sleeping on the bank and letting the sounds of music creep in their ears, whilst the floor of heaven overhead was " thick inlaid with patines of bright gold." For Portia's bouse at BelmOnt seems to have been just such a villa as a Venetian nobleman, would spend the season of the vintage in on the banks of tbe Piave or the Brentat and to which he and his guests would voyage with a great retinue of muBi cians and servants in one of those Bmall but sumptuously-appointed vessels called bur chielli, the cabins of which were panelled with aromatic woods and adorned with hangings of gilt leather and brocade, with mirrors of rare device, with carvings, paintings, and engravings. in the collection of Venetian costumes, and in the hall devoted to Memoric Veneziane in the splendid museum bequeathed to his native city by Theodore Correr, and carefully preserved in the renovated* Fondaco dei Turcbi, there are tbe materi&lB; out of which it is easy, with the abundant memoirs avail able for the purpose, to reconstruct the social life of the aristocratic classes in Venice during the last inglorious century of their other wise illustrions history. There are the habits which they wore, the furniture of their palaces, the tapeatclea which adorned their walls, the musical instruments upon which they played, the coffers in which they kept their holiday apparel, the ivory cruci fixes and Madonnas which served them in their devotions, and the missals which they used in church, their visiting and playing cards, the majolica ware and porcelain of their buffets, tbe portraits which filled their galleries, the gems and cameos which encircled the white wrists and whiter necks of high-born beauties, the silver drinking cops which overflowed with mat voisie at public and private banquets, the jewelled snuff boxes of eighteenth-century beaux, the equipage of the toilette-table from the dressingroom of an eighteenth-century belle, and even the liveries of their gon doliers. The epoch of Venetian history to which these epochs belong was one of feebleness and frivolity, of elegant folly and senseless profusion, of intellectual and moral decrepi tude, when the valour and enterprise which bad founded and sustained the Repnblic had died out, and the domestic virtues of the upper and middle classes had become a tradi tion of the past. Literature and art were both emasculated, and the light which played upon the surface of society was nothing more than the phosphorescence of decay. One man of genius - Carlo Goldoni arose to paint the manners and ridicule the frailties of his countrymen and con temporaries in a series of admirable come dies, bat even he was infected by the debo Ifszn of the times, and stooped, like the poetasters by whom he was surrounded, to indite stanzas iu praise of ladies' love knots and lap done, and to glorify a female pug, named Babiole, belonging to the wife of the French ambassador, in language such as this " Babiol che vince e oscura he eigne ancor piii belle Qual le minute stelle huole oscurare 11 sol. " 0 Fraucla, fortunata Lodar ml si permetta L'amiblle cagnelta Cb' t-bhe il na'il da te !" 