*IJO~ -4---IW~--_--· " I dreamt last night o' settin' at a long table, 'n' I'm jest as sartain thet Tom is n draoliWdA , laes?.ahim to .the bottomo -o' the ocean this minute," said Mrs. Job Fer n~ld i'wiping the tears from her tan:colored qheski with her calicoapron. "Ef it didn't Stan',to reason thet he wuz dead, that sign never 'fails, 'n' I 'dew think we'd orter hey espec',ernough for the poor boy's memory to! gi him a stun', 'n' put it up in the lot without waitin' no longer." *""Yes, it's more'n a year now, 'n' the Sarcy Sally hain't ben heard from. I s'pose likely she must ha' ben lost," agreed Cynthy Ann, the daughter of the house, not without a 6ertiin. grii enjoyment of the situation. "Stuins' is dredful expensive, anyhow, but seein' ez we hain't ben able to give him any funeral, nor her the minister, nor cook up for the mourners, it seems ez ef .we'd orter buy a moniment for him. I can't reely sece how'we kin do less, ez the Peter Fernards got one, for their Charles, 'n' I say to marm, it won't do to let them git ahead of us, poor e' they be. ^P'r'apa; Rhody, ez you 'n' Tom waez good ei promised to one n'other, you'd be willin' to give's little out'ov yer school. ieeuien' money towards gittin' the moniment, tn I'm goin' to pot off gittin' married for a while=though Seth is dredful put out about it-'n" save all my rug money, till, with what marm takes for butter, we shall git 'enough."'? , ' ' ""The' person' addressed, a young aoman "ith 'a pretty, sensible face, shivered a little, and shook' her head decisively. "I don't helieve that Tod is dead," said she. " Oh, don't. talk about buying a monument .yet. Wait another year, and if you do not, bear from.him by that time, there will bereason to-" :. . "That'sjest.what pa says,". interrupte Cynthy :Ann; "jestbecause he don't.want to her it that Tom is drownded. He seems ter think, somehow;that-by hangin' off 'n' not even ownin' of it to himself, he ken k it from bein' so. ,,That'sa way some folk hez." . . "Hq, nz '~¢1ii jist -so headstrong an' nrefionuhbl;"' sigghed lir. Fernald, with prolonged use of tli cahcik apron.? '°He Hoded the inperaence to say this very mornin'thec it 'peared e z ef 'we wanted him dead, for the; sake oF hevin'* a moniment .for bhim like' Peter's Charles'. .But to look at things fair 'n' square, what chance is there thet he kins beoin.the land p' the.livin' ? Diln't Seth( Snmallidge himself go to see theowners of the SarcySally over ter the P'rt more'n a month ago, 'n' they.said.they hadn't no more ide of ever hearin' from either vessel or cre than nothin'"at all l" ·:- , "At that- consarned moniment agin, hq they, Rhodyg"-growled a weather-beaten old man,-whose facebore a carious resemblanci to a wood-carving, appearing buddenly in th doorway.' "But you' don't listen to 'em, deary, fur.you.'n' I knowathat oune boy ain'¶ no more.dead than they be. gEven'if he wuz, we couldn'tafford to git a monimentfur himi Dead folks sleeps just as well without enny stun whatsoever, 'n'4f.theirbones is a-restin' in the sea, of what use is a stun on the land It can't tell 'nobody jest where they be. .'Somehow, the folks in this place, 'specially A:in this family, has got a marvellous craze for ermonimenter 'Brother Lysarndner, he made minention of it when he was to home five year 'azo";'n'sence that the craze has ben growin' "n"ro in'' "Even the summer boarders over >to the Harbour poke fun at us about it. Sas, -:Smith hhowed me a newspaper where one on .'em-had been a-writin' up the place, an' it d.id sound ez ef we wuz cur'ns folks. 'Twas every word of it true, too, 'n' went on to say that the'Herrin' Point folks, for the most Spart,'lived in little weather-beaten huts, thet were dredful poor pertection trum wind 'n' "rain, l'n' wnz a pictor or leanness'n' poverty, "'coz they're a-savin' up money ter buy their: * selves moniments to look splendid over their 'graves wlien they wuz dead 'n' gone. But .for.my part, I don't want to go about so ' holler while Imlivring, for the sake o' cuttin' a. dash ,when, I cast anchor. Anyhow, I wouldn't agree to a great moniment aloomin' up'oht o' the family buryin' ground 'n' over toppin' the old house, like a steeple over a "n mushroom, the way Peter's Charles' does." S-'"0hb pal I never'thought you wnz so awful world-minded before," groaned Miss Cynthy Ann, with a look of horror. " iell, I'be jest worldly-minded enough ,to, tick to it thet I won't liveon them 'tarnal ,ony,hleirrin' till the bones prick through my flesh, nor'drink currant-leaf tea, nor go with \- my arms a-stickin' through Tom's old clo'es, while syou'winimin-folks is a-savin' up funr thet there imaginery sort o' moniment, as it &ere;:: Some of ns '11 die in' earnest soon etio?igh, 'n'then you'll havea chance to show all the'respei ' you want to, 'n' her a stun' in .:tl" Oh, pa:how-ken.youtalk 'so bigoted? Ain't it awful to hear him, Rhody t" Rhod asmiled,-but remained silent; and, evidently wishing to bear no more coneerning the affair, saddenly remembered that it was school.time, and took a hurried departure ,The old man returned to his net-mending on th''s&inny;' ide'of the wood-pile at the-back 'door, knd the two women, after a prolonged coils.iltation, finally decided that they would :'iit"another year before buying the monu ment,-aisRhody had suggested. In fact, it ""w6ld be'neceisary to do so, as the girl Swould contribhte nothing toward the fund, pond,-. was "dredful troublesome when he -warn t humored." But as for there being a cheiise thit Tom wasn't dead, it' was all "'ndoshas?e and "twas treating him shame. 'faul not to'tike a nite o' 'notice of his death, shiDaii: an'd weeks went oif in the old mono. tonbes"idahner at Herring Point. The gor. _ijieotiseanks of the golden.rod and asters ".'ere cuit'down by the frosts, and the winds ,'p~nt ?way the few red leaves which colored 'tli?eaides of. thlt sea.lookitg hills, to make a clear'.path for the frosty march of winter. "Tbh'os ? so long asleep under the summer rraeshiinib began to show once more the wild 'iei~lness of its inture, and drove home the 'botldof the fishermen, and lashed the rocks Sangrily throegh wild nights when only the f'lahn 'of the lighthouse over on the Ledge she 'ay of light through the stormy dark "ness'." 'Mrs. Fernld, when not attending to che" two cows 'and her butter-making, 'sat in the chimney-corner and knitted blue yarn -stockings for the market, and Cynthy Ann, 'with a zeal that never tired while the vision of the splendid tall monument flashed before ;her niental gaze,' hooked rugs from early in ithe'morning until late into the night, lier " hooked rugs were in demand now, for several msummer boardershad admired and purchased "them1 and since thati time nearly every lady at thsdPort had been seized with a desire tod • posisess one as an ornament to her best parlor.' SPa divided the time between gossiping with '.ia uold sailor cronies at the store and stting r moditatively by the fire with his pipe and Salmanac. Nb' mention was made of' the srhoament,. and the old man drank his store .a tearin umph', offering no objections to the ;cautrhnt-leaf beverage with which his wife and daughter saw it to regale timselves, wave by yanocasional grunt of diairoeal. S o : 'hein: cams 'o the Sancy Sally or the 'find of hr crew, and as tlo'hays crept slowly an-?ddrearily toward spring, tdugsh pna still 1'tin his belief that Tom was ring, Sallhp died in Rhoda's heart. Burtane "'EHifg Point parlance she and' Tom had 1i.bt's'i ed i-ally~romised to one 'othr, '?she Sfeltthat ihhe ond not gratify Cynthy Ann'T sm ninmd ' riprees' er; g w eang mourning garments, thonu lt w Ul I given her a sort of cdre mliahsatisfacti6n bi t abletodoso. 'g5, " She couldn't ha' cared nothin' about him, I or she wouldn't wear a blue bunnit to meetin', t 'n' him dead an' gone," said the neighbors b witrbaeaccord, forth s real ta" of the ase aI was unknown to them. "P'r'ape she's afeared o' scarin' away Joe Collins ef she c should pst on black;_he's alws ben a-tryin' t to git her away from Tom scornce they wuz boys 'n' girls together; 'n' now Tom's lost, t they say he's attentive to her e s bumble- r bee is to a marigool." ' But Rhoda was little disturbed by these I remarks. Her heart was very sore because f of. Tom's loss. but there were circumstances connected with his going away which caused i it to be sorer still. Why had be not spoken before his departure, if, as she had every reason to think, he really cared for her, and t wished to make her his wife I More than once during those last days he had seemed on the point of doing so, and then hesitated, I with a painful doubt clouding his brow. In I truth, he had not been quite himself during I his. stay on shore; something seemed to trouble and vex him, and he would remain t silent and lost in thought for almost hours I while they were together. But on the day I of ,his departure his face brightened, , his 1 manner changed, and when they parted he said, with a great deal of meaning in his tone and glance, " I shall write to you as soon as I reach Boston, Rhody, and mind you answer my letter soon." But the letter never came. Now the buds were swelling in the April I sunshine; fishing boats were rocking on the water; the women gossiped with each other in the open doorways; the happy young people looked forward to days that were coming; the sad young and old people re membered days that were past. The sun shine paintedpictures of them. The birds and wind and sea sang and talked'about them. . To Rhoda everything was alive with Tom's memory, and one soft lovely morning after a rain, when a light mist lurked.in corners of the violet sky, as if Nature were drying her eyes on:the airiest of handkerchiefs, .ashe walked up to the Fernald Cottage, and pre sented Cynthy Ann with i folded envelope, which contained all the little hoard of money which sh'hiid saved from childhood, saying in a choked voice that she thought it was time to think about the monument now. CynthyAnn's face: becamoefairly radiant.. "I'm glad yen've come to be so right-min ded," said she. "Pa he's bigoted 'n' sot 'ag'inst it yet. But there's notneed o' sayin'i anythin' about it to hiss tell the'stun's all lioght 'n' paid fur, 'n"ready'to' be sot :p. I' won't?'hev ter do without no; worldlyl comforts, ly nb, means, ez'Uncle Lyshider,, .hez jest sent as a little present o' money. ,It come jest like Pr.,verdence bymail.when we wauz. atalkin' about the moniment t'other day, marm 'n' me, 'n' no name on itat'all.' What do ye think about 'the verse, Rhody ? It had orter be'somethin' solemn 'n' warnin', Is'pose ' " ... . But Rhoda had already slipped out of the door.. 'She was in no mool for talking with Cynthy Ann. She had felt assured of fom's death for some time, but consenting to,the monument seemed like formally.giv?ng. him up-like preparing for his" funeral. ,But it was all she could do for him now, and it was fitting that the stone should be raised to his memory, though 'she dreaded the talk it would occasion, and the mournfully.festive scenes which would be enacted in the " bury. ing-lot.'; T.he nex day Mrs. Fernald add Cynthy Ann, accompanied by Seth Sniallidge, a brisk little fisherman, who resembled a sand.peep in black clothes, drove over to the Port, and after a great deal of brickering and consulta tion, of weighing and doubting, and delight and depression, made the purchase of the monument CynthyAnn carred the money in the toe of a Sunday stocking, an ordinary pocket-book not being considered sufficiently safe, and both Mrs. Fernald and Sethasisted her in counting out the sum required to comrn plete the purchase. " Well, I guess Peter's Charles' won't look much compared to this, but I'm disapp'intod that it can t be sent home before to-morrow,' said Mrs. Fernald, as they drove homeward toward evening. "There ain't nothin' like it in the place, but pa '11 grumble about the cost. We shan't hear the last of it for nobody knows when, pa's jest so big,,ted," groaned Cynthy Ann, a shadow.clouding her shining countenance. Early the next morning the monument, tall, shining, and splendid, was brought over to the Point, Tom s name and ag., and the suitable and solemn verse from a hymn which the minister himself had "picked out," engraved on its surface, and was deposited on the ground in the little family lot. In the afternoon it was to be set up with appropriato ceremonies. Mrs. Fernald and Cynthy Ann were out falling into raptures over it, as fashionable city women would have fallen into raptures over a newly.imported Paris gown, when pa, who had been "settin' in the store," came strolling homeward along the path which led through the orchard. As the 'stupendous column 'oT white marble met' his eye, lie stopped short with wrath and-astonishment. " Well, of this ain't the set-firedest piece o', work I ever hceerd tell about. Heave me overboard ef I'll stan' sich nonsense. Here you've bin i-bnyin' a Stun ez big in' grand az Bunker Hill Moniment-for a livin boy, to say nothin' o' the ridicilousness of sich con sarned'poor folks a-sportin' sich'a thing. Et's wuth more'n the old house 'n' the lot o' land 'n' the nets 'u' fishin' boats all hove together, 'n' you've bin 'n' spent all Lysarnder's money. 'n' Rhody's, too, I'll be bound, of she wuz fool enough fur ter give it ter yer, poor gal ; 'n' drunk currant-leaf tea with merlasses for sweet'ni'., 'n' pinched yerselves on Injun bread without no butter, till ye're ez lean 'n' ugly ez two witches. Winter's a-comin' bime-by, too, ef 'ti springnow,'n' my fishin' won't amount ter much this year. I'm a-git tin' too old 'n' stitf ter go out now ; folks hez too much human natur ter be able ter work alfter they git to be seventy, 'n' Seth Smal. lidge ain't got no more backbone then a jelly fish. Et's good luck ef we don't all starve ter pay fur this. I tell yer Tom ain't dead, nuther; I know him a good deal better'n you wimmen folks did, that never cared nothin' about him but ter stuff him with verses ter show off ter the parson with, 'n'ter starve him inter sayin' the herrin' wus e. good cz roast beef; .'n' I know he ain't the kind ov a feller to git drownded from a wrack ser dredful easy; nor ter give in n' cast anchor ashore, 'less suthin' more'n com. mon tacked him." "Oh, pa, how you do discountenance Pro verdence," sobbed Mrs. Fernald. "Discountenance Providence or not, I won't her that themre moniment put up in my lot. I reckon I'm masteirhere while I live, whuther or no. When I heave to, though I'm hoplo' that won't be till my boy comes home"-with a little softened quiver in'his wrathful voice-" you'll out up eo yer think Sit or course, bhutwhile 1 her my saneose~ that there thing will be out or sight, I may swooned or lose oonscientiousnes; but et yor set it up then, I'll her it hauled down agin ez soon ez I come to myself, 'n' so there's no use talkin'." And so it proved. The tears and remonstrances 'of his wife and I dadghter only caused the old man to be more set in his determlnation. The solemn advice of the minister, who was called to the rercuo, Swas without avail. "Ef they had bought'sa Ssmall, rdasonable stun, I wouldn't ha' rmode Sno objection ter theirputtin'on it up, parson, ef it would ha' given 'em no satisfaction, thoueh Tom ion't tead," he'said; "but that I -monisent-Lordy !.it would ha' shamed the Sbull 'plao!" . ' So to4e monouent was hauled into the woodshed, plaoed prqno against the walL. and govered with a 'ot -'a~a~'pt, :'inatead' of iwering proudly towiarthe sky, ana tract-I a ing the admiratior'of.all'beholders, as Mrs. k Fernald and Cynthy Ann had fondly an. a ticipated, and was mentioned no more in the d household for a long time. Early in the F ntumn' Cnth'Ahi'and'Seth'SmallTdgid'were" married, sndeth came, bringing bis worldly ,o effeetb witH him, to dwell In the Fernald cbt. ajge. As the old man.predicted,.thewinter . proved to li a hard one, and at times food t was scarce in the household. teth, whowas never known to have good luck, dent off to' the Banks on a fishing voyage after .the honeymoon was over, but !returned with a y frozen foot, and spent the remainder of the b winter by the fireside dozing over a?pile of - ancient newspapers. But toward, spring when pa was attacked with.his annual spell of rheumatics, and fortune seemed darker than ever, another gift of money came from. f Lysander. rt ",S'prisin' that Lysaroder should be so a lib'ral, fur of he is rollin' in riches, he's got ai family or his own ter look'after, 'n'he'sonly half-brpther to me,.nutther, .'nt.used ter be mo'rately tight till a spell ago. Strange he a don't write nothin' whenbesends the money, 1 too. The fast-time hesent'any he kinder hinted thet we'd orter be obleeged ter him in a t*o hull phges. It. Seems nos ez of it cdni frpin the Lord, ef ram a iniserible iioner, I 'n' don't make no gret effort to keep clear o' c Satan. But the Lord knows-I'm thankful, anyhow," said the old man from his-sick-bed. Time rolled on in much the same fashion at-Herring Point. Three more tempestuous winters beat about the little hamlet, froze i the isa spray on the window-panes, drove I wrecks against the shore, and pinched and F desolated the homes of the poor. Four still, 1 fair summers stirred the sleepyscents of the pine woods, ripened the herries on the hills; a opened the brilliant flowers in the ,salt I marshes, and bronned the cheeks of the fisher- I folk with its hot glad sunshine. LIAfe eemied a prosperous and peaceful at this' graious season. -'. ". VSeth Smallidge was still anluekyj, bt pa, in spite of his '"human' natur'," i's aeenty- I .four years, and his spel o' .rhenrmatis,". I continued to be hale and'hcarty eeough.not t only to enjoy his fishing trips,. bit to make them succeosful, and- Lysander still sent his I -yearly eontribution of money,.so,:'though there were two other mouths to feed under I the Fertiald roof; there was nbtting like want I in. the'family' again. Store .tena'bubbled 'fragrantly over the fire, and -'thein pesky booybhprrin" were not always the chiefof 1 the family diet,' greatlyn to the old maana satisfaction. , , During. all ,this time: nothing had been heard from Tom. The men who sat in the 'store lowered their voices .'when they spoke of .the birOy Sally, and were never tired'of 'conjecturing how she came'to her fate; Bet the monunment still reposed in'thd "secluasio 'of the wioid:shed under its coder of ragsirpet. Evei; CynthylAn had so far foigotten iti glorybas to iake it'a- reting.plice .for her wash.tubs, 'nd Cyntihy Amn's daughter, a chubby little maid of three, found no such fascinating seat for herself or her family of rag-babies. Pa was as obstinate as ever in his determination not to have it set up in the burying-lot, and had even forbidden the mention of the "consarned thing" in his hearing. But late in this fourth summer the old man was seized with a severe illness, from which he was not expected to recover. - Cynthy Ann put aside her rug rags, and nursed him patiently by day and night. Mrs Fernald sat with her head quite enveloped- in her apron, and whenever a neighbour entered the house would remove it for an instant and burst into tears, exclaiming " Pa was dretful bigoted about thet there moniment-he reely wuz; 'n' now I'm afeared he won't never git well, fur he takes water. gruel jest es meek ex a lamb. 'n' he wouldn't never look at it before ef he starved ter death. Thet's an awful bad sign-it reely is." But, contrary to all expectations, he sud denly began to mend, and before the Indian summer had smoked itself away he sat up in his easy-chair by the window. Still the old man was not quite like himself., He seemed strangly softened by his illness, and was so meek and gentle in his demeanor that the family gazed upon him in astonish. ment. "larnn, Cynthy Ann," he said,'onebright morning when he was able to walkas far as the shore, " I'm afeared I her be as set-fired bigoted old man, ez you'vee alls been a-say in', but seein' ez the Lord hez spared my life for which I'm truely'thankful,-though not bein' afeared o' death. for I hain't got tired o' livin' yit;ef I be old, 'n' haiu't quite out. lived my usefulness maybe-i'm a-goin' ter take a new track, 'n' He helpin' me, in the right way, Now about thet there moniment. I thought when I was a-layin' there sick that p'r'aps I hadn't done quite the square thing along or it, 'n' I guess you'd better git it sot up now, 'n' invite the neighbors 'n' the parson, '' her ez good a time ez ye ken.. I hain't come ter say ex how I 'prove or the moniment no more 'n' ever, nor like the notion or it, a.towerin' over this little cabin or our', like a lighthouse over a clam-shell, but ef yon'll findsatisfaction in it,I'm more'n willin' 't yer should be gratified. It don't seem likely 't the boy'll ever come back " with a hoarse, choked voice-" but somehow I ken't seeni ter"feel thet 'he wu drownded. Now after brother Sarn xel wa lost, though we 'didn't know .nothin' fur certain, every time the wind ros at night she kep' a-sayin', ez plain ez ken be, ' He's gone I he'p gone I' The waves kep' repeatin' the same words too, 'n' ef that consarned bell-buoy didn't keep me awake nights with its everlastin' tollin' 'n' knellin' fur it seemed'edsactly en ef 'twas a-saying', ' He's here under the water I he's here !"' Marm and Cynthy Ann were both moved to tears when the monument was mentioned, though, to tell the truth, the prospect of "herin' it not up" was not as delightful as it would hare been once. - They had -be. come used to being outdone by. Peter's Charles'.; and then monuments had become less fashionable at Herring Point. a taste for dress and house decoration having been excited by tho summer boarders. Mtill, it was a great satisfaction, and in the course of preparation for the important eienr Cythy Ann recovered somethnig of her old enthusi asm, Mrs Fernald dreamed again of the long table that night, and declared in Ibe morning that she tblieved:" it meant authin' moren.common this time, fur the dream didn't run the way it commonly did by a gret deal." ' - Two dayselater, one golden bright after noon; quite a crowd was' assembled around the little burying-lot in the orchard. Mrs. Feriald and Cynohy Ann had donned mourt lig appearancr. Pa wore a look of humble expostulation on his veoerable countenance. Rhods, simply dressed in white, stood some what apart from the.group, and answered as briefly as possible tbhe neighbourly greet ings which were shabowered upon her. But all thu other wpmen were in gay holiday attire, and chatted with unreatralned cheer. fulness until the service began. Rosy apples dropped from the boughs overheadt asters and golden-red nodded gaily beside the wall; the waves plashed merrily against the rooks below. Some gullshsewoverhead, andbroke into a sort of hoarse ltaughter, as if amused by the appearance of -the monument which towered so high and glittered.ao grandly in the sunshine. But whei the minister commenced to pray in'hi chill formal tone, a change was felt in the atmosphere. yevn the iunshine seemed to lose its warmth. Mani ofe the wRmen sobbed,,romembering their own old sorrows, it may 'be, and.two great tears stole into Ihoda's eyes,. and remained ndried upon her cheek. -Then they commenead to wail a dis mal funeral hymn, b-at falteredin dismay ana broard.shouldered, bronzed young man leaped over the orchard wall, gave a quick, amazed look at the monument, and then darted forward into their midst, seizing Rhoda in his arms, and kissing herrepeatedly. Couldri't help it, Rbddy, teeln' those'tears on youreheeks, and consilerin, the occashuon," he exclaimed, na she stared at him'rather wildly._ "It isn't.often that a man comes ter life at his own funeral." "Tom ' Fernald I"!'" Why,,Tom Ferniald I'! " How on alrth I" ' What blowed you heref!' " Where'd you come frIaml" "'Ir can't be your' ghost, ;ken 'It :- were: exclamations heoard from' everysquorter. "I declare I got hem.jest in season to see his monimente ot up l" said onejolly sailor. And. then it was noticed that pa had grown very white, and was holding on rto the wall for support ; and scynthy Ann,' after,making a great effort to great her :brother.in a suit. able manner, fell :back, and,:as thefamily wereowontr to 'express iti"lost conscientionus "Iallnrsiknowed..e how youhadn'tcast anchor, .Tom,!' said the old man,;. recovering himiself, almost immediately, ;t' 'n' now here yer: be,'n' :her I bo, seemn':the Lord pro sarved.me.to see ye.'" Marm, for' the lack'of an' pron,, removed her shawl from her shpulders and completely covered her head therewith. "Ef you hain'thbin.dead, 'rom;.where her yer been " she inquired, faintly, from its depths, after a little interval ' Tom,'who'was stationed between pa fnd Rhoda, holding a h'?iid of either, turned to her with a distutbed countennoce. "'h`ere I hadn't orter'have 'been--in 'Australiak with Uncle Lysander. ".It wuz all owin' to that peaky' Joe Collins. You see, before I went away,:folks were a.eayin' that he'had stolen Rhoda away' from ine-ha as good as told me himself that it was so=-'n- I thought'ahe seemed' kinder strange 'n'a distant: But*I waas too big a'coward to say: anything to'her abhotiit'; I thought I couldn't bear it'ifa's should tell me'she liked him. :But I wrote to her fiom Boston, where: we were loading the vessel, and told her if she didn't care enough for me to marry me when I got home, ahe'needn't answer the letti;, but if she did, to 'answer right away, We stayed'at"the wharf two weeks after that, but I didn't bear a word :from' her, and -when the Sarcy Sally sailed I'felt ?'if I'd rather be drowaded than not. Life didn't seoemwuth living." : " Oh, Tom,. I never got youi letter, sob bed Rhoda. .. -...· . I " Most -likely that scoundrel Joe Collins get holt or it.' I'm' sagoin';ter her a little' interview with'him'when I ken ketch him well he: ain't' here to-day 1'But when the vessel did~git wracked, 'n' everybddy 'n' everything' was "a-goin', to the: bottom, .I thought !twould be worth the while to save myself, after'all; 'n' Joe Griffina-oie of the crew-'n' I clung holt ov some spare till we was pickedup by a brig bound forCalifornv. From theneeI thought I'd- go:to Australia 'n' hunt up Uncle Lysander. I couldn't come home as things stood, for I couldn't ha' borne'to-see'Joe' n' Rhody together, so I' reckoned you might as well all think I was dead-fur a spellat leasti-I warn't much better 'n that at the time. Uncle Lysander agreed to keep dark, though he said. he didn't believe in such nonsense, and I tell you the old man gave me a good chance.. I've picked up quite a little pile of cashin these few years. You've got the money 'I sent you every winter all right, hevn't you?" . 1' ShoI So Lysarnder warn't so set-fired lib'ral,'after all!" said pa, wiping his eyes with his'coat sleeve. ' "But I was beginnin' to gain a little more courage,. 'n' to think I might be able to get home"n' see the folks before long, when Sam Smiley-the feller that used to work over to Squire White'a-made his appearance at the diggin's one day, 'n' said h'd been over to Herrin' Point only the week before he sailed lantSpring. And when I heard from him that Rhody warn't married at all, nor gom' with anyone, 'n' never had had anything particklar to say to Joe Collins snce I'd been gone, I didn't wait overnight before I packed up my duds 'n' got ready to start for Ameriky." "I said ez how my dream about the long table wuz diffrent from common. You see it meant a weddin' this time," quavered marm, speedily unveiling herself. "Yes," agreed pa, brightly, "so it did: an' Cynthy Ann, even you can't keer nothin' fur that consarned old moniment now. Let's haul it down 'n' kiver it up agin' 'n' ef the parson don't object turn the solumn delights of this occashun into a bit ov a frolic." 