The Storyteller. We Amorys. (Written for the Queenslander.) CHAPTER XXIV. BY L. ARMAND. ROBERT went to the post-office; but there was no letter. "Don't be disappointed, Persis, he may not have received ours so soon as we calculated. I shall not even be surprised if there should not be letters from any of our friends to-morrow. We are both sure that none of those to whom we have written will neglect us." " Oil, no," I replied eagerly. Still I was dis appointed that there was no letter from him. Robert fetched one of the pareela which he had brought from Marford, sat down opposite to me, and opened it. It contained manuscripts which I could sec were in his own handwriting. He had never shown me anything that he had written, therefore I know instinctively that he would not like me to ask him to do so. I could partly enter into and understand his reticence, so that I never had teased him to let me read any of his productions. I did not speak now ; but I suppose that I looked at the papers very •wistfully, for Robert glanced at me with that amused expression which I know so well, and, to my delight, said: "Yes, you ma.v if you like, Persia.*' "Oh, you darlinfi !" I cried. "Now divest yourself of all partial feelings (if such a thing is possible tr> you), and trans form yourself into the stern critic for the time." He handed me a manuscript as he spoke. It consisted of some poems, and a short tale. I tried to be severe and critical; but it would not. do. 1 fjvt interested in the tale, and severity and criticism wore lost in admiration of the story and its author. Before I had finished it 1 became aware that Robert was toaring-up unmercifully. I paused in my reading to remonstrate with him, but he was deaf to my entreaties to let me first read what he wished to destroy. " No, Persia; what lam tearing np is snch arrant nonsense that I cannot even let you read it. It was written in my very iuvenile days, and it shall have the fate it deserves." He poked it vigorously into the bottom of the grate, and laughed at the long face with which I watched its destruction. I went on reading until I had finished the tale. "Well, critic, what is your verdict?" "That it is perfection, I said warmly. " Ah, that will never do," Robert exclaimed with mock despair; "although it is no more than I could expect. I wonder if there ever existed a woman whose judgment was never influenced by her feelings ana affections ? Now I, the author, can point out to you acveral striking defects and weaknesses which you yourself would be the first to detect if you did not happen to be interested in the writer." He mercilessly dragged to light faults which I had quite overlooked, cither, as he had said, through my strong interest in the author, or else, as I urged in my own defence, " that the story itself was so interesting that minor defects escaped me." " I only hope that that may be the reason for your oversight," Robert said, looking rather gratified in spite of bin self-imposed severity of criticism. I next read the poems, and I sincerely en deavoured to consider them quite indepen dently of their authorship. I told Robert which I liked best, and he was pleased that my favourites happened to bo his own. The de stroying process proceeded relentlessly until only two or three manuscripts were left. These Robert put together. " I shall try my luck with the best," he said; " but I must first finish copying them." v Cannot I help you to do that ?" I inquired. "Yes, to be sure you can," Robert said eagerly. " I never thought of that, and your help will be a great saving of time." He had copied thr.ee parts of the manuscript which he intended sending to a publisher. We each began our copying at once, and worked until we were tired. "How I want to begin this story!" I ex claimed. It is tantalising to begin towards the end, and copying is such slow work. But I will get up earlier in the morning and road it all through—that's what I'll do." The work of which I spoke was a novel. I thought it clever in the extreme, and quite expected that any publisher in his senses must regard it as I did. Robert tried to damp my hopes and expectations as much as he could, but I put that said damping process down to his modesty, as I believed that diffidence and genius went hand in hand. "Persis," Robert said once during one of those pauses which backache made necessary, " I can't help feeling that there is something in this novel, but it is at the same time imma ture. I feel sure that it will be rejected, and yet I feel that I must offer it—that at least I may gain the opinion of those who may read it. Ishall thus learn my defects." At the end of three days our copying was finished. Robert made a neat package of his manuscript, and wrote a note to the publisher asking him if he rejected the novel to kindly point out the defects which caused its rejection. He enclosed stamps in case of its return, but, to save expense, left the parcel and note at the publishing office. Each day Robert had called for letters, but no letters were for us. He was going to call now, on his way to the publishers. We had been eight days in London, and the money was going out, ana no prospect as yet of any coming in. I quite expected that Robert would bring news this time. I employed myself while wait ing for his return in tidying our dingy sitting room and getting ready for an early tea. But directly Robert entered the room I knew by his face that there were no letters. " I can't understand it," he said, looking for the first time despondent. " They cannot nave received them, that is quite evident." " And I proposed sending them as a parcel. How sorry lam ! I am quite sure that they have fallen into Arthur Archer's hands." I always associated him somehow in my own mind with Mephistopheles, and I half believed that he shared his power. "Well, we must write again by post, I sup pose, after all," I added. " Yes," said Robert. " But. Persis, I thought of something as I was walking back, disap pointed, I confess, this time." " What was it?" I asked eagerly. " You remember Mr. Atkins, our aunt's friend and solicitor, and his kindness in trying to find us when we ran away from Lenport?" " Oh, yes, Robert, and I have often thought about him since, and wondered if he was still living; but since Miss Hamerton died we have not heard of him. He told her, you know, that he wished to befriend us, only the Wclfers took us, and rendered his help unnecessary. But you are thinking of applying to him, Rol>crt, arc you not, to help you to a situation V I never thought of him." " But," said Robert, "I am afraid that he is dead. He was an old man when we were children. Still, there is the chance. I'll go to-morrow; it is too late to-day, unless I knew his private address ; but his offices used to be in Lincoln's Inn Fields." " Then there will not be any occasion to write to Marford until after your visit V" " No," Robert replied thoughtfully. " But, Persis, I think that it would be a.* well if you were to go with me. Wo were children, remember, when Mr. Atkins last saw us. At his age he might not readily recollect us, now that wo are grown up ; but if you have the true 'Amory' face, which our poor aunt was so proud of, Mr. Atkins will be more likely to recognise and remember you than myself. I haven't an atom of any Araory in me, yon know," he said, imitating our aunt's scornful manner of speak ing of her nephew's <,'rave deficiencies in the matter of family likeness. " Never mind, Robert," I said laughing. " I never could make, out that any Amory possessed genuit-, so yon can boast of our mother's family instead of the Amorys. By-thoby, what would bo (he feelings of that distinguished lino could they behold their two solo descendants in dingy lodgings, and very short of money besides?" " But you will own that we are 'romantically' situated, or have you lost your keen relish for the romantic and the uncommon?" " I have lost none of it, Robert. I appreciate all tlie romance of our position, only 1 do not equally appreciate, its uncertainty." Robert laughed, "All, it would bo, I believe, more oasy to live in haunted castles, and be at the beck and call of spectres when they chose to make their revelations, or to bo in hourly fear of surprisal by banditti if among charming scenery and accessories, and ul\ the characters being attired in picturesque costUTfw?s, than to be waiting and wondering and planning as we two now are how to earn money to supply us with the barest necessaries, and how to make eighteenpence go as far as a shilling." "It is true, I believe, Robert. I fancy that I could face the most ghastly of ghosts better than I could face deb/?' " But we are not going to face that," Robert said quickly, almost sharply. "We will at leant keep out of that. I will find a way to escape it Homehow." " I daresay *c shall. Wo won't frighten our selves by conjuring up »uch 'bogies'. "What do you say, Persia, to making this evening a holiday, as we can do no more until to-morrow ? Shall we have a stroll 7" "By all means," I cried delighted; so we went for a long ramble through tne streets in the dusk of an early April evening. By 10 the next morning we were at Lincoln's Inn, searching for Mr. Atkins's offices. We found the name at last, and were ushered into the presence of Mr. Atkins, but not him whom we sought. Much disappointed, we learned that our aunt's old friend had been dead four years, and that the quiet gentlemanly mtin, our informant, was the deceased Mr. Atkins's nephow, and had succeeded to his uncle's prac tice. Robert briefly gave his reasons for wish ing to sco Mr, Atkins, especially with relation to nis hope of obtaining, through his interest, some employment. The nephew listened patiently, and asked several questions, all of which Robert was able to answer satisfactorily. We had also brought with us some of the letters written to our aunt by Mr. Atkins, as further proof of our identity, and which we now produced, upon which Mr. Atkins expressed himself to be quite satisfied that we were the people we prof essed to be, and told us that his uncle had often spoken of our aunt and of ourselves with expressions of great interest. Robert asked Mr. Atkins, a little timidly, whether he could give him any employment in his office, adding that he did not mind what it might be if he could only give satisfaction. Mr. Atkins shook his head. He had no vacancy for a clerk, nor was he likely to have one. He had all his uncle's clerks, men who had been with that uncle many years, and who, Mr. Atkins averred, should never leave himself but by their own desire. Although our hopes were destroyed, we could not help admiiing Mr. Atkins for his resolu tion, which he expressed quietly and firmly, and as though such a thing was a matter of course. But he pondered a little, then turned to Robert suddenly, and asked for a specimen of his handwriting. Robert wrote a few lines, which Mr. Atkins looked at, then rang a bell. An elderly man entered, whom Mr. Atkins took apart, showing him Robert's writing. We could not hear what was said, but when the old clerk retired Mr. Atkins told Robert that ho could give him partial, if not full, employment in law-copying if he liked to undertake it. Robert joyfully accepted the offer, and warmly thanked Mr. Atkins, who looked quietly pleased, and told Robert to call the next morning, when he should bo initiated into what little it was necessary for him to know relating to his new employment. "Could not I help? I whispered into Robert's ear. Mr. Atkins heard me. " I am afraid not," he said. " Young ladies' writing is not exactly adapted for law- copying; it is" "AH heads and tails and flourishes, in general, you mean, sir," I interrupted laugh- Air. Atkins smiled and bowed. " But I can write almost as legibly as print," I said (I was thinking of the copying I had done for Robert); and I would practice writing until I succeeded, if you will permit me to make a trial." Mr. Atkins looked a little amused, but doubtful. " You can try, at any rate." he said; "but you will find it very dry work." " I don't think anything dry that you can conquer," I said resolutely. Mr. Atkins regarded me, I thought, with surprise, then smiled at Robert. Come, Persis, wo must not take up Mr. Atkins's time any longer." We both thanked our new friend, and wished him good morning. He bowed very graciously to me and Robert, and told the latter to call at the same hour the next morning. I almost danced along the streets in triumph at our success. "I can do it with practice, can't I, Robert? At least I will succeed. To think that I shall be able to help earn a living after all!" Robert was as pleased and grateful as I was, only not so demonstrative. I tried to hurry him home so that I might begin to practise. I knew that I wrote a clear, legible, and firm hand, entirely distinct from the usual character less hieroglyphics of young- ladyism. I knew that when I had mastered my work, us I should do, my help would enable Robert to devote more time to his pursuit of authorship. That day I was so hopeful and happy that I could afford to review the events of our last sad hours at Arbourlands, and to calmly think of all the people (some how dear!) whom we had left behind. How I yearned to see Miss Welfer and Marget, and poor Maud, whom I pitied most of all, knowing as I did what she must be feeling and suffering on account of Robert. T longed to let them all know of our good luck ana well-being, but still determined to wait for their letters first. Then, in the twilight, I sat at the window looking into the narrow street and thought of him. 1 recalled him as he had looked and spoken during every meeting throughout our acquaintance, until I came to that last meeting which had been a parting too. The recollection of thai always called the blood to my face in a fiery torrent, and, amidst all the strong yearning of my heart for only one sight of his face, one pressure of his hand, I ended by a deep sigh of relief at the thought that I was out of his sight; that I was .iafe from his eyes surprising my poor secret-—if they had not already done so. Chapter XXV. Time passed until wo were in the middle of June, and .still our friends maintained the silence of death. Full of hope, Robert set out every morning to inquire for jotters, only to return to share my keen disappointment, which again gradually gave way to the hope of what the morrow iiii^ht have in store. At. hist we came to the conclusion that our own letters had miscarried. We would rather believe that- Arthur Archer had waylaid them, and road thorn ten times over, than that any one of (un friends had forgotten us. "1 will write to George Legrand »y post," Robert, had declared day after day, hut I had bo far found sonic pretext for preventing him from putting his resolution into practice. Robert nuutt have written to his friend for references, hud we not received ample employ ment from Mi\ Atkins. Kobert mastered his work at once ; but I mine more slowly, though in the end triumphantly. Between us we managed not only to keep the wolf from the door but to allow Kobert time for his own especinl work ; and we hud still a few pounds in hand of the money which we had brought with us. I used sometimes to wonder amidst all our work (for we both worked bard), and amidst our disappointed yearning for tidings of those whom we loved, how it was that we contrived to escape being quite unhappy. In novels such as I had read, the heroine, placed in my circumstances, would have sat all day by the window thinking in mute despair of the absenfc one, or weeping her eyes blind at her own misfortunes, whereas I keenly enjoyed strolling: with Robert before breakfast every tine worn ing, through the bustle of life and excitement, and among the beauty of fruits and flowers of Covent Garden Market, or in taking long rambles through the city in its Sunday trance, and far out into quaint green suburbs that had once been pretty lonely villages like Marford, but were now surprised by the encroachments of bricks and mortar. One bright .Sunday afternoon, as wo loitered through Tottenham, I asked Robert why wo were not so miserable as I considered that we ought to be under existing circumstances. " Because we arc together, Persia," he said, looking down upon me lovingly. I squeezed his arm, and returned his look. We said no more, for we understand each other. But not Robert himself knew better than did I how he yearned for news of Maud. I could divine his feelings with respect to her by my own for Mr. Legrand. Nor did either of us forget Mis 3 Welfer or Marget. Wo often talked of them in the twilight, and wondered sadly what they thought of us and our strange flitting. John Welfer we never named. We mutually passed him over in conversation, though not in thought. We bad l>een in London nearly three months, and, with the exception of our visit to Mr. Atkins and its fortunate consequences, no occurrence had hitherto marked the time. But events generally crowd together. One morning when Robert and I returned from the market we saw Mrs. Grey crying bitterly over her untouched breakfast. She was alone; 30, with a look at Robert, I went into the loom, and asked her gently if I could do anything for her. "No," she said, and cried afresh; but the temptation to relieve herself by speaking of her troubles outweighed the fact of my being almost an utter stranger, so she told me that her husband's ill health had prevented him latterly from earning money independent of the business, which did not half keep them; tliat this morning her other lodger had gone away owing her money, and that she had a most pressing debt of five pounds to pay, without a shilling in prospect to pay with. I said nothing, but darted up stairs to Robert, to whom I repeated the ca.se. " You want to lend her the money, of course, PersiH?" he said, divining my wishes. '•Yes, Robert," I said hesitatingly. "At least, I do not want to do anything imprudent, nor to urge you to do it; but I thought that if we paid her five pounds in advance for our own rent it would be as broad as it is long." " Yes," said Robert, gravely, "if we can atford to go on living here, lint I think—l hope -that we can, and 1 certainly should not like you to live in less comfortable lodgings than these. Yes, I think we may venture it," he said, deliberating. " Ah, Persia, if I appear to you calculating, instead of generously and impulsively helping this poor woman, it ia because I wish to be just to you before being generous to others." " I quite understand you, Robert," I cried. He fetched the money. " (.3et a receipt for it, Pcrsis," he said, as he put it into my hand. I rushed downstairs to Mrs. Grey, put the money on the table before her, and explained that it was our rent paid in advance. She could hardly believe in her reprieve from her present pressing anxiety, and did not know how to be grateful enough. I took her receipt, and hastened away from her thanks to rejoin Robert, and we set to work at our dry- as-dust occupation of copying. Towards noon Mrs. Grey knocked at the door, and put a brown paper package into my hands, which had been sent by parcels delivery. I took it in with a swelling heart, and handed it to Robert, to whom it was addressed. "It is my manuscripts returned,'' ho said quietly, as he undid the parcel and read a note which was enclosed. I watched him eagerly while he read it, but could not guess its import from his face. When he had finished reading, he handed it to me. The novel was rejected. I read no more. I was heartsick and disgusted. I said so, and threw the note across to Robert; but he returned it to me. and bade me read it to the end. " You know, Persis, that I hardly dared to expect that it would be accepted, and I was right; but if you will only read that note dis passionately you will find that it is worded most courteously, that its writer points out, according to my express request, the faults which cause the rejection of my story, and, above all, encouragement is given me to per severe in the course I have chosen —the very encouragement that 1 want. I shall at once begin another work and profit by the mistakes in this." Instead of sharing my crushing disappoint ment, Robert looked hopeful, almost radiant. I slowly read the note through, trying to do so dispassionately as Robert wished. I could not but agree with him, in spite of mysolf, that the tone of it was courteous in the extreme. After pointing out tlie main defects of the work, such dincriminutiir.i praise was awarded to what was good in it that I eventually came round to Robert's opinion of the writer und his criticism. " If ever I make a name," Robert "-aid, as he slowly folded up the note and placed it with tlio rejected manuscript, "if ewr I make a namr that publisher, and no other, >hall help nir to reap the profit, of it.'' . Robert was taking a turn round tun room as he often did during the long hours of writing, to rest by change of position, when lie stopped before mo and said: " Pcrsis, 1 liaveqiiito made up my mind to delay no longer writing to Gcorgo IjOgruud. I :un certain that by sonic accidi-nt be ha* never received my letter, and a'- be cannot write to me, not knowing my address 110 is fcilin.u very anxious about us. 1 shall write this very day, tJn'i; he cat: carry news of us. to—to —the others." By Robert's tone I knew that he would not be persuaded any longer from writing this (to me) dreaded letter. " You will not give our address, Robert, will you ?" " Yes, I shall—l can trust George to keep it to himself, and it is only fair to him to give it." Robert spoke very decidedly. I knew that the letter would be sent at last, and yet, with my dread of the possible consequences of its receipt, there mingled a strangely inconsistent content that I should hear of him. Robert sat down again and wrote his letter, after which he sealed and directed it, as if it was a great relief to him to have written. As he put it into his coat pocket, he said, smiling, " You will never guess what I am going to pro pose, Persis." " What is it ?" I asked. I knew by Robert s manner that his proposition was meant to give me pleasure. . "To go to the theatre this evening. What do you say ?" " Tliat you are an angel," I cried; " but," with sudden and damping recollection, "can we afford it ? I mean, that is, if you are pro posing it upon my account," I added quickly. " I propose it upon both our accounts, and I that for once, as work is plentiful, we may allow ourselves this little outbreak in the way of pleasure. Besides, I feel that I ought to celebrate the return of my manuscript," he added drily. I laughed, and expressed my delight at the prospect of going. "I will get tea soon, for I should like to get there early. lam like a child—l want to lose nothing that is to be seen, even to the coming in of the audience, and the first scrapings in the orchestra." " Where shall we sit?" I inquired. I was for goinginto the gallery liko Eliaand his sister, but Robert decided for the pit. Accordingly, when I had cleared away the tea WJ two started for the play. Wo had not far to go, and the doors were not yet opened, ho we stood patiently among the knot of people waiting before us, and amused ourselves by watching them. Robert, I knew, never missed an opportunity of studying human nature in all its aspects wherever and whenever ho found it, and even now I always regard the crowd waiting at the doors of the play-house with a certain interest and sympathy—for it may be reasonably supposed that, with some very few exceptions, that crowd are looking forward to enjoyment, an enjoyment which is already begun by anticipation, and which will be realised more or less by that which they go to sec. But our moralisings, then, were often dis agreeably interrupted by the too pressing offers of bills of the play, and of oranges of an un natural polish, until cut off by the increasing crowd. Presently the doors opened. "Take care, Persis—keep your arms down," Robert whispered, as there was a slight rush. We were soon hurrying along a gas-lit passage; our money was. paid, we entered upon another shorter passage, and, 10, we were in the pit. The first row was already occupied, so we seated ourselves contentedly in the second, after I had looked round the as yet nearly empty house. By-and-by it gradually filled, and I amused myself by watching the ladies enter the stalls and nearest boxes ; for a " star" was to appear, therefore the occupants of the more aristocratic parts of the house condescended to come early. Then, after the preliminary screeches and grunts from the orchestra, it burst into a medley of "old tunes" that I loved and sang, and which set me dreaming of the past until the curtain rose. The play was "The Merchant of Venice"—a play which has always irritated me. My sym pathies ever went with Shylock, whilst, if it is possible to thoroughly hate and despise any one character of Shakspearc, that character is Jessica, the cold-blooded deserter of a per secuted father. My enjoyment that night would have been much greater had there been performed instead one of the old comedies. Shakspeare demands genius akin to his own for the embodiment of his creations, so as to inspire the same exquisite enjoyment that one has in reading him. As regarded the actors, there was plenty of talent but no genius. The "star" who acted Shylock just missed it. When the curtain fell upon the last act but one, and the occupants of the pit stood up to change their position, or to look around the crowded house, or scrambled unceremoniously past their neighbours to get refreshments ; whilst the wheezing of basket-lids and the odour of orange-peel and of nameless fluids gave eloquent reasons for those who kept their seats; when the nymph of the gingcrbeer, lemonade, and bottled ale and stout basket elbowed and yelled her way through the closely jammed rows of people, in a manner that sug gested to such philosophers as Robert and myself how it is that certain people elbow and push and wriggle their way on in the world ; when, as amused at what was going on around us, Robert and I stood watching it all, some times exchanging a remark, I happened to raise my eyes to a box which had appeared to be empty when I looked that way before ; but in which, half-hidden by the curtains, I now re cognised two faces the sight of which struck me dumb and cold. In that box, apparently engaged in a most absorbing conversation, were Maud Archer and Mr. Lcgrand. For a moment the house, the audience, everything swain around me ; but the thought of Robert, and the fear lest he, too, had seen what I had seen, enabled me by a strong effort of will to recover myself. I glanced at him and saw that he was unconscious alike of my agitation and its cause. I was afraid that lie should sec my face, which, however I might try to compose it, he could generally read; therefore I was very thankful that the curtain drew up, and all took their seats, in the bustle of which I escaped observation. The last act began, and I lenew that Robert would be attending to that too closely to look about him, and I meant, directly the play was ended, to plead headache and hurry him away. He should be spared what I was suffering. I did not know the intensity of my love until I felt the anguish of jealousy which now consumed me, ami which, for the time, annihilated all friendship, justice, and common sense. At this distance of time I cannot help pitying myself for the agony I suffered that night, whilst, if possible, I deplore still more that to mean a passion has power to entirely overthrow reason—as it did mine. I saw the man whom I loved and the woman who was my dearest friend (both of whom I had thought of as far away, and as deeply regretting us) talking earnestly together in a box at. a theatre ; upon which I immediately jumped to the sensible and desirable conclusion that both had for gotten Robert and me, and were all in all to each other. Now if Robert had seen them he would have attracted their attention, signed to them to wait for him, and have met them without experiencing a pang of suspicion. He must have had strong proofs of their treachery, or forgetfulness of us, before he would believe aught against them. I thought this as I sat beside him, and I wondered at the difference in disposition between us two, so nearly allied both in blood and in tastes. Was it true that the passions and temperaments of one's ances tors were transmitted unto remote generations? and did I inherit the stormy nature of the Lady Persis whom I was said to resemble so strongly in face and person ? I sat next to a giant of a man, behind whose broad shoulders I could watch, without being myself seen, the two people once dearest in the world to me and Robert. Once? I had not proved that they had forfeited the right to be dearest still, but I asked as though it was so. I noticed, with a pang, that Maud had never looked so beautiful. She was paler, and, I fancied, thinner, and there was a pensive ex ftression in her face which increased its love iness. I observed, too, that many a glass was levelled at her—a custom which no gloss of conventionality can ever render other than one of odious and innate ill- breeding. But Maud seemed unconscious of all this notice and admiration. Indeed, I doubted if she took any more interest in the performance than I did. Then I looked at him. There he sat, pale, serious, with the half-sad expression that he always had when in repose; just as he used to look when we were together at his house or at Arbourlands. Both had ceased conversing directly the performance recommenced. Al though neither apparently eared for tho play, each was too thoroughly polite to talk while it went on. They were not alone. I discerned another figure—a lady, who seemed to wish to conceal herself from view, behind Maud. At last the green curtain descended. I clutched Robertas arm. "Do you mind going now, Robert? I feel faint." " My dear girl, why didn't you speak before ?" he said anxiously. He took my hand, and guided me tenderly through the renawed bustle and noise of the audience, until we gained the door. Here I ventured to turn to take a last look at that hated box. They had risen as if preparing to leave, and I noticed with what tender deforenco Mr. Legrand seemed to be addressing Maud, who, on her part, appeared to reply to him with a manner which implied that a perfect understanding existed between him and her. I turned my head, and, with my heart full of despair and bitterness, was hurried by Robert into the street. " Stop, we'll have a cab, Persis." " No, no, Robert," I cried imperatively, " I can walk quite well. The air revives me.' 1 He looked at me anxiously. " You have been over-working at that copying, and you miss the fresh country air. I shall not let you work so hard again; we must take longer rambles." " I snail be well to-morrow; it was the heat that overcame me. Only lam so sorry to have dragged you away, Robert, before it was all over. " Oh, there is only a farce to come, and I should only have stayed for that upon your account. In fact, I am glad myself to get out of the heat, for my head aches very much, which is very unusual with me." And when we were in our own room and had lit our lamp I saw that Robert looked flushed and heavy-eyed. '' Had he seen them ?" I aaked myself with terror. But I soon assured myself that he had not, and, neither of us wanting any supper, we said good-night, and I went up to my attic, to give myself up unrestrainedly to thoughts of bitterness, despair, self-humiliation. "Should lor should I not tell Robert?" was the question which all through the night wound up each fresh burst of mental torture, like the refrain of a song. Having decided nothing, I fell asleep when it was nearly time to get up, so that it was later than usual when I went downstairs. But a new shock awaited me, and one which cast even the remembrance of last night into the background. When I entered the room I found Robert, half dressed, stretched across the bed. He told me in a faint voice that he had tried to get up and dress at the usual hour, but felt too ill to keep up. "But I daresay I shall be better presently, he said, trying to smile. I had an instinct that he was very ill, that smote me with an indefinable terror. I made haste to get breakfast, but he could not eat. Then I called in Mrs. Grey, who, after looking at him, said very gravely that he must have a doctor at once. [to he continued.] 