TOWN SKETCHES. THE BACK SLUMS. No. II. Having done Carr's-lane, we had come, I thought, to the end of the Chinese quarter, and were about to explore that more danger- ous portion of the Little Bourke-street slums where low-class Europeans grovel and de- bauch, concoct and carry out all kinds of villany. But although we are, in fact, on the confines of the Pandemonium of Melbourne, we are not yet quite away from Chinese territory. It is true that facing us on our right hand is the old Commercial Hotel, for- merly the resort of the greatest thieves and scoundrels the colony ever knew, in the notorious "dead house" of which many an unsuspecting inebriated bush- man met with robbery and violence, if not death itself; but it now forms portion of a block of two-story buildings, all of which are occupied as workshops by Fee Quing, the leading Chinese cabinet- maker. Again, without crossing the street, we turn up a narrow lane called Pender's-place, and enter a dirty old brick cottage of two rooms in a wretched state of re- pair, and it also is inhabited by Chinese, who are employed at piecework for Fee Quing. Asking one of the occupants, "How much rent you pay, John?" the inevit- able "Me no sabee" is the reply, followed however, after more questioning, by the answer "Me pay eight shillin'. Lanlord up country, Too muchee rent, all'gether." This hovel is also recognised by my companion as a former place of low repute. On the other side the lane there is a Chinese burrow or ant-hill. What in years gone by used to be the stable and outhouses of the building facing the street are now converted into residences for some of the poorer Chinese. The stable is divided or partitioned off with tea- chests and kerosene tins into as many compartments as the ingenuity of the occupants can devise. The doors of some of the bunks are locked, so we cannot tell the number of beds exactly, but the in- terior may be described as a dark unventilated and musty labyrinth. The yard is also aggrandised for sleeping accommoda- tion, and at least one hovel here has plenty of ventilation, for the lathy boards and tea chests of which it is built nowhere overlap, and in some places are so far apart as to seem " coo-eeing " to each other. The floor is formed by the cube paving of the yard, and hanging in bags from the inside walls and ceiling is a quasi lining, which at one time was covered with newspapers, but which is now almost entirely nude and transparent. The rain has drained through the roof so many years that the depending ceiling is now al- most too rotten to bear its own weight. Squatted on the floor at our feet is a China- man cleaning his opium utensils, and behind him is the characteristic broad-side bed, with its unwashed clothing and tattered canopy. We now leave the celestials for good, and turning up the next lane, find ourselves amongst European inhabitants. But it proves to be Lacey's-place, which has the reputation of having been always well kept by respect- able people, and as unauthorised domici- liary visits would be insulting here, we simply jot down a note of approval and retrace our steps. Passing on to Kyte's-lane, we find here, amongst other dilapidated buildings, an old cottage, dirty and badly drained, with showy bits of furniture. A half-dressed, slat- ternly-looking girl makes her appearance, and asks, in a husky, quarrelsome voice, "What have you been writing down?" "Nothing about you," we answer; and being so assured she rejoined, " Oh, all right then; so long; I don't care," and shuffled away. In Market- lane, the nest alley, we note that there are a number of dirty-looking buildings, which only want repairs to make them decent and inhabitable, and two or three rented at from 3s. to 8s. a week, which ought to be pulled down to make way for new buildings. Among the latter is one divided into two small cottages. It is old and squalid in appearance. Over the verandah is a placard with the words, "This property for sale. Apply to 8 _______ street, Richmond. Crown certificate." The placard seems as ancient as the house itself. In one end of the tenement is a venerable-looking blind man resting on a stretcher bed, and his music organ is propped up against the side wall. His furniture and belongings in- dicate poverty, and yet he says that he pays 8s. a week through an agent to his landlord, a Mr. Raby. Brown's-alley, leading through to Lonsdale-street, is, we observe, pretty cleanly kept. But further up the street things got so bad as to make one ashamed not only of his European origin but of his humanity. In Crossley-lane, for in- stance, there is a two- story brick dwelling. It is in an advanced state of decay, and the bricks are crumbling and tumbling away from the door, leaving the upright posts exposed. We try to open the door, but there is some obstruction inside, or perhaps the latch is out of order. My guide, knowing the character of the house, however, does not stand on ceremony, and as we hear some persons inside who do not respond to our knocking, he gives the door a shake and it flies open, disclosing a room furnished only with a small table, at which sits a virago with a pot of beer in her hand, and a stretcher on which lies a young rough sound asleep. Some broken pieces of delf ware and heaps of rags are lying about, the latter being apparently the woman's changes of apparel.She scowls at us, but anon recognises my conductor as a man in authority and proceeds to receive us in a coarse joking way, swearing all the time, as the saying is, "like a trooper." "Do we want to see her upstairs apartment?" "Yes"; and so she drags herself up a trap stair as narrow as a ladder to the upper room, and we follow. More wretchedly furnished still is this room, for there is not a stick of furni- sure in it, only a filthy shakedown, the veriest apology for a bed; and the top of the stairs is significantly smeared with blood. Down we come again and out at the back door, passing there a heap of rub- bish and decaying matter. In the cor- ner of the yard where the closet stands is a small tumble-down-looking hut, coated with filth, fit for nothing better than a pigstye. This also proves to be a human habitation. Small as it is, it is partitioned off into two apartments — or rather the dark back portion, which contains a low-set bed, is partially screened off with canvas. On the earthy floor of the "sitting-room" crouch four hags and two besotted men of the same class. The men are sullen and silent, except that they grunt out a question as to what we want, bnt the women are garrulous and clamorous for a sixpence to buy them beer. Peering into the dark recess of the inner chamber we see on the bed a bundle of rags, which rises and joins the company, and we then record the fact that there are five instead of only four wretched old women present. The two men must be 50 years of age, and the women must average 60. They spend the day in this loathsome hovel drinking beer whilst they have any money or any article of value which can be pawned or sold for the wherewithal. A half- crown pays for the use of the hut, and their food, or what portion of it is solid as distinguished from beer, is obtained by begging. As a rule they spend the day in debauch, and a lifetime of this sort of existence has reduced tbem to the lowest stage of degradation. To hold up a photographic picture of them and their squalid surroundings would shock the feelings of the community. It will therefore be sufficient to say that they wallow like brute beasts in the mire of their filthy den. In a right-of-way on the opposite side of the lane are a number of weatherboard cottages, dank and grimy, which, from their ap- pearance, may never have been repaired or renovated since they were built, say 30 years ago. A description of the interior of one will illustrate the character of the rest. It is almost destitute of furniture. It contains a shakedown, and ragged clothing is scattered about the floor. There is a de- cayed verandah In front, about 2ft. wide, at one end of which is the closet and the water tap. A miserable looking woman dwells In the place and says she pays a Mrs. Scully 5s. a week for rent. As a rule the hut affords sleeping accommodation for a num- ber of other wretched human beings. Re- crossing Little Bourke-street we find our- selves in a cluster or square of houses, which have had a notorious repute for many years. Most of them are cottages, and the bricks of which they are constructed seem to have been tainted with the immoral atmosphere which has prevailed here so long, and are falling away. Daylight can be seen through some of the walls. The windows in nearly all have been smashed, and in some cases, patched up again, and the doors bear evidence of the rough handling to which at one time or another they have been subjected. Almost every tenement here has a notorious history. If you looked up our annals of crime you would find much about that two-story con- glomerate building of brick and stone stand ing at the far corner of the square. lt has three doors and many windows, convenient for exits and entrances. Many an unsuspecting silly man, with more money than brains, has been decoyed there in the darkness of night, and, introduced at one door, has been ejected at another with empty pockets and a broken head. The cottages forming the sides of the square are places of equally low repute, and I am told that the square, although not at present so lively as it used to be, was formerly a terrible scene of riot and debauch every night. We are of course, visiting it in broad daylight, when, in any case, it is sure to be in a comparative state of quietude. The male portion of the denizens are either absent or asleep, and the women are idling away the time gossiping and drinking beer. The latter state that they pay their landlady- Mrs. Mills, who lives in Collingwood — 6s. 6d. to 10s. 6d. a week as rent. In one vacant cottage we find Mrs. Mills herself mending the lock of the door. She prefers repairing her pro- perty herself to paying men to do the work. Juliet-terrace is higher up, and runs between Great and Little Bourke streets. The buildings demanding most attention here are a terrace of six cottages, sunk beneath the level of the footpath on the one side, and an old but substantial-looking two-story house with a garret in the form of an iron super- structure on the other. The cottages are owned by Mr. W. Smith, formerly a hotel- keeper, and are occupied by young men and women of a very low stamp. They are miserable, cramped-up places, with floors and walls in a deplorable state of dirt and disrepair, and backyards about a couple of paces square. Ordinary people would say that not one of them contains breath- ing room. The larger building on the opposite side has commodious rooms, very indifferently furnished. Some seven or eight years ago a man was murdered in the iron garret, and the young woman who rents the house says it has been haunted ever since. " But I take care," she says, "never to hear the ghost walk, for I go to bed inebriated every night." She then boasts about having "made hundreds of pounds here." " My biggest haul," she continued. " was £150. After that I went to Sydney and lived like a lady, and spent £60 of it on Billy but be beat and kicked me about so that I gave him the slip, and now I can't stand a spoony man." The "Terrace" itself is crowded with tawdry women, with cut and bloated faces and black eyes. They are seated about the footpath and doors conversing with each other in loud voices and a bold tone, and using the vilest of language. There has been a row amongst them on the previous night, and one of their number, who has just returned from the police court, bawls out the news to them, "They've all got a stretch of six months each. '' Man and all ?" calls out another, and on receiving "Yes" as an answer, shouts exulting, " Hooray, Margarita goes in and I am out." Still farther up we come to Har- wood Place, with its dirty rotten cribs covered with old shingle roofs, and other nameless lanes with buildings that cumber the ground, and that by their neglected and dilapidated condition help to degrade their inhabitant. Some of the alleys and rights-of- way on the north side of this end of little Bourke-street are, however, clean and tidy. They are as-. phalted, ana swept regularly, whilst their dwellings have a respectable and homely appearance. A decided improvement in this part of the street itself baa also taken place since that public house, which has for years been nicknamed the " Dead House," and the Horse and Jockey Hotel lower down have been closed. The proprietor of the Horse and Jockey (Mr. Dawson) is at present renovating the building throughout, with the view of applying again for a licence. He has also turned out a number of low char- acters from adjoining two-story brick hones, which he is purifying prior to adding them to the hotel. Having thus passed through the slums of Little Bourke-street, and described a few of the typical dwellings there, we now proceed to the next block, which is bounded by Lonsdale, Latrobe, Spring, and Russell streets. In Jones's Lane we count about a dozen two-roomed dwellings in a tumbling down and dirty state. They are all occupied either by poor but honest people, or disreputable characters. The tenants pay from 5s. to 8s. a week as rent, through agents, to the owners whose names they are not very well acquainted with. As a role they are draughty, leaky tenements, and the occupants live in great discomfort. The unfortunately poor tenants complain bitterly of their con- dition, but remark philosophically, "We are poor people, and so have to put up with dis- comfort." The others, whose poverty is less excusable — and they are chiefly old women, who, if found in the streets, would probably be " chivied" on or taken up for vagrants, shrug their shoulders and say, " Oh, better this their staying in the streets or being sent to gaol." There is one building, with two rooms, with the slates falling off the roof and the plaster dropping from the ceilings and walls with dampness. It wonld be in a much worse condition but for the fact that the occupant is a bricklayer, and repairs it himself when he happens to have the material and time. The rent is 6s. a week. The next door house is simply the other half of the same building, but as it is in worse repair the rent is 1s. less per week. Then we have another tenement with the bricks falling out of the walls, and it fetches 4s. The tenant in the next cottage is lying on a sick bed or stretcher. She is a pale-faced lady look- ing person, suffering from rheumatic fever. She informs us that she has been in the hospital, font having been discharged bwj» .eek shelter somewhere, and as it pww#i anywhere; and pointing to the ceiling with a bony hand, she says, " The rain comes down in torrents." For her miserable shelter in this alley she pays 4s. a week, the owner being a lady in Coburg, Her next door neighbour is an old woman whose husband is out seeking lor trifles. The roof of her cottage has collapsed at the corner, and as the ceiling has also given way, you can get an ex- tensive view through the hole of the heavens above. That it has been long in this con- dition is evidenced by the fact that a vine growing at tbe back has crept up the outer wall, and through the aperture in the roof into the room. The furnishing of the room consists of but a rickety table, constructed clumsily out of bits of firewood, and a mat trss, with bedclothing, on the floor. Over the bed is slung a square of canvas the water which leaks through the roof and ceiling, even where the roof is intact, The amount of rent paid in this instance is 2s 6d per week. Emerging into Little Lonsdale street we view a miscellaneous lot of houses — some of wood, some of brick, and some of brick and plaster, many of them in much want of renovation. As we approach one of them — a rrenovation. As we approach one of them — a two story waetherboard building — two young roughs rush out in their shirtsleeves, fol- lowed by four other men and half a dozen women. The first two on getting to the centre of the street fall to and commence a despe- rate fight. As they deal each other unmerciful blows on the head and face, the women join the affray and a general mélée ensues. Admist much yelling and swearing the male combatants close and fall and rise again, but only to renew the contest, and then after one has thrown the other into the gutter, the other men interfere, drag the pugilists apart, and drag them away in different directions. "A good sample" said my guide "of the people who live in this neighbourhood." In Hayward's-lane we meet with more wood and brick cottages, rented at from 6s. to 8s a week. Some of them are 30 years old, and ought to have been swept away long ago. A woman in one says, "My place is damp and uncomfortable everywhere"; and her mother's testimony is, " It takes us all our time to keep the rain out." Since the Exhibi- tion on the character of Stephen-street has altered for the better. A goodly number of the old shan- ties were about that time demolished, and the low-living people who occupied the others were turned out. There, is consequently, little to note here except that the remaining shanties are gradually returning to the hands of their former occupants; and that at the back of the Exhibition Hotel there are a lot of ancient and dilapidated two-story buildings which as dwellings serve no good purpose. In George's-lane, off Lonsdale-street, and just above Stephen-street, we find more cottages, which from their dirty and rotten appear- ance might be as old as Melbourne. In one lives a respectable but poor young couple, with two children, and they pay 5s. per week to Mr. J. Denton, agent, Collingwood. They have no water about the place except what comes through the roof, and there is a myste- rous accumulation of stuff under their bedroom door, from which during night Mrs. ___ says " a dreadful stench rises and sometimes sickens some." In neighbouring buildings we find holes in the walls, and ceilings damp and begrimed with filth. Others have been recently white- washed, which makes them look a little more respectable. Casselden-street, higher up, is in a much better state, one side of it being now occupied by a terrace of neat and sub- stantial brick cottages. But it and the right- of-way leading out into Spring-street still contain buildings in a deplorable state of repair. The last one we look at is a two- story brick house, which is in a state of dilapi- dation that appears to be dangerous. A woman living next door, who knows some- thing about its condition, declares that he would not sleep in it for £50 — "a strong whiff of wind will some night bring that one down." Its tenant is out, that the door is open, and as we step inside the floor yields below as, and every thing in the room shakes. It is true that there are other quarters of the city in a dis- putable condition — the alleys and lanes, for instance, which strike off Little Latrobe- street, A'Beckett- street, and Little Bourke- street west — but what we have given about the unsavoury localities visited will suffice to know what urgent need there is for the amelioration of the back slums, and what simple scope there is for the efforts of our patriotic citizens and social reformers The committee which has been appointed to enquire exhaustively into the subject consists of the following representative gentlemen:- The Bishop of Melbourne, the Mayor of Mel- bourne, the Hon. Charles Young, M.L.A., Minister of Public Works: the Rev. Charles Strong, the Rev. Samuel Chapman, and Messrs. E.L. Zox, M.L A., George Coppin, Matthew Lang, Percy Oakden, J. H. Knipe, R. Godfrey, Charles Salter, Wm. Temple- ton, J. Chatfield Tyler, and James Aitken; And a valuable report may be expected from them, as their instructions have been couched in the following definite terms:- To obtain better and more definite information as to the condition of the dwellings and the circum- stances of the inhabitants in the "back slums" of Melbourne; as to the legislative and other measures adopted in England or elsewhere to get rid of the old rookeries, and supply wholesome shops and dwellinghouses in their stead ; as to how far such measures have been successful in effecting these objects and improving the moral and sanitary welfare of the occupants; and to offer suggestions as to the best means for improving the dwellings in these "slums." 