HUMOR. CHURCHYARD POETRY. It seems hardly fair to place on the mb tone of one who cannot expostulate or et, such lines as these, which may be seein a churchyard in the Isle of Wight : To the memory of Hiss Martha Grin. She was so very pure within, She cracked the shell of her earthly ski And hatehed herself a cherubim. Perhaps few epitaphs are more uttey ri diculous than the above; and yet int one traces the old simile of the chrysalis Lang ing into the butterfly, and also the #upld idea, which still lingers in thonpttle minds, that good men and wome; and children turn into angels-an idea mnally repugnant to the teaching of Holy Scoture and to common sense. There are cases in which an abaurty is suggested to the mind of the reader, tasgh not in the least intended or perceived ' the inscriber. In a cemetery near Widsor, this verse of Holy Scripture appearson a headstone beneath the name of a who died, advanced in years: "Behold, I come as a thief." Given thus without any context th first suggestion is that the deceased says the paser-by, "Behold, I come as a t of I" One requires some time and some thght fully to take in the object of this th if one may call it so; which is, to act as a.warning to those now living, we may suppose it once acted to the.dead-nan at our feet. In somewhat the same manner a iarp contrast is suggested to the mind 4 the reader by an epitaph in the parish a rch of Richmond, Surrey ; though very prbly the composer thereof did not percesi the lurking jest. It is in memory of a barfster who bore the appropriate name of Lees although a member of the profession _reich exists only by reason of men's qnarreland disputes, and which would die out ifpnen were all pacific, he was, it is recorded ere "so great a lover of peace, that when %con tention arose between Life. and Deaf, h immediately yielded up the ghost to ee4 the dispute." Then, again, a mere misreading ma for the moment, render an inscription entrely ludicrous, though no suspicion of a jet is in the actual.epitaph, nor in the miols of those who composed and placed it abo the grave. Two friends were walking t the chnrch.yard of Folkestone parish c} reb when one of them who had lingered a Ittle exclaimed, " What a very odd epitph 1" The other asked what it was, . ,.it is this: " In memory of Mrs. So-and o; alias my mother." It did indeed sound odd; butas les in. vestigation proved it to be i- . Alas, my Mother I an adaptation of the words "Alas, my brother I" with which the old prophet of Bethel mourned over the man of Jaiah, whose disobedience was punished by cter rible death. - A Mr. Charles Lamb, uiot the Ellarith whom and for whom we have laughedlan wept, sleeps beneath an epitaph of aich even the author of the words of.omei songs might be ashamed: Here lies the body of poor Charles Lamb,; Killed by a tree that fell slap bang.. If one were not assured that this and many others equally absurd are genuine, one would doubt how any sane person could have composed, and any relative or clergy man have permitted, such inscriptions. The power of veto is vested in some one, but to exercise it and run counter to the wishes of mourning and affectionate, though foolish, relatives, would be an invidious task. A faithful pastor and true poet (the Rev. S. J. Stone) finding that a grieving widower was about to place above his wife a remains the very old and very silly " Afflictions sore," &c.;, obtained leave to subsahtitute an original verse. Every clergyman is not a poae, but if the arinhpriestfeam nsome folly or indecency may be perpetrated, he-mcght, at least, suggest a suitable text, and his suggestion would, in most cases, be thank fully accepted. What inscription can be more lovely than "So lie giveth Ills beloved sleep;" And what can be more indecent than Here lies the body of Deborah Dent. She kicked up her heels and away she went, which appears in a churchyard near Bury, St. Edmunds? But the clergyman thus acting as censor, should not be too critical, nor set aside what is only gcuche not ob jectionable, nor needlessly disappoint and pain the composers of the epitaph. It seems especially hard that when a man composes his own epitaph it should not be placed above his remains. Great grief was caused to an aged widow by the refusal of a clergyman to allow her to have inscribed the lines which her hus band had written for himself : Here lies at rest from earthly war, A sergeant of the 8th Hussars; lie lies confined in narrow borders, Here to wait till further orders. These lines are homely; but not vulgar and one regrets that the churchyard at Leeds, for which they were intended, is not em bellished and enriched by them. In gtneral, when persons compose their own epitaphs, they rather design to antiriso their contem poraries than to commemorate themselves. Who will not wonder at and admire the skill, the originality, of thegenius whose brain furnished him with the means of putting in to verse the sad event which he had thus recorded ! The wedding-day appointed was, The wedding clothes provided; But ere the wedding-day arrived She sickened and she died dead.. After this instance of a poet's ingenuity in overcoming the exigencies and difficulties of rhyme, it may be as well to point out how another genius did not overcome, but evaded similar difficulties. The following appears in a churchyard in Devonshire, andl evon shire men pride themselves on their indomi. table energy and pluck: Her, lies John Meadow Who passed away like a shadow. N.B.--His name was Field, but it would not rhyme. This is really very neat, and muoth more worthy of record than any couplet ending in .hicld, yidd, orseield, would have been. SWe all know that volumes might be writ. ten on the mighty subject, "How not to do it." It is a subject on which. we all have practicalexperience; in our own persons if we are lazy, stupid, or awkward; in the persons of others if we are energetie, clever or capable. But if one had to compose an epitaph for a man whom one desired to say nothing, then how not to write it might be come difficult. In such a dilemma, many years ago, a Sussex squire found himself. He had a bailiff, whom he had discovered to have indulged in all kinds of mal-practices. This unjust steward had robbed his master in every possible way, and when detected was dismissed. Whether he could dig, or whether he was not ashamed to beg. history sayeth not. His master, when bidding him begone, added these words, "for the sake of your wife and family I will do nothing to you, but after your death I will punish you severely." It may be supposed that the bailiffdid not trouble himself much about this threat. But it was carried out. The man died; the master took on himself the task of erecting his tombstone and of com posing his epitaph, which was as follows: S In memory of John Smith. Heo was. This singular inscription was recently, and no doubt is still, to be seen in Horsham churchyard. The author of it would lead persons to view it, and when they inquired "' What was hoe " would tell them the story of his bailiff's delinquencies. This story was passed on from mouth to mouth and became far more impressive and more widely known than it would have been if recorded at length on the stone. Indeed, the squire could hardly, with any regard to public opinion, inscribe a man's misdeeds above his mould ering bones; but the blank which said noth ing offensive, was amply sufficient to fulfil the threat of posthumous punishment, which was thus inflicted on this unjust steward. Our present stock of quaint epitaphs is nearly exhausted, for we do not wish to quote those that are old and hackneyed. One more, and we have done: Here lies the Landlord of the Lion, He's buried here in hopes of Zion; His wlfe, resigned to Heaven's Will, Carries on the business still. The force of advertising could no'further go.--Atfacmillan's. 