ITUJfS OF xis\ys. Tjih Municipal Court was adjourned from yesterday until to-day. tho notices of appeals have been amicably arranged,1, except about four enses. Tiifc. list of pu/cs to be .iwaultd at the forthcoming exhibition of stock and cattle i under the auspices of the Murrumbidgee i Pastoral Association was published in a pre- : i vious issue of this journal. It must be con i fessed that the nineteenth anniversary in i connection ; with this -association .will be marked by the scale of liberality on winch prizes are: announced.* ■ Altogether m the i various classes, ■prizes will be awarded m i specie to- the amount of:£400; irrespective of the Agricultural Society's .medals. It is gratifying to find such increasing encourage ment given for. the. advancement of pastoral interests in an improved breed of-cattle and sheep. The special prizes alone make a ; '' sum tottlo '\of nearly JiSOO, - and among the douors wo . recognise - the'names of ■Messrs. -Uoldsborough and Co., .who come to the front liberally.at these annual exhibi tions. ■The <name of the hrm appears for '24 guineas. : The Australian Mortgage Land and Finance Company, too, are conspicuous for a sum of 10 guineas, and other well* known firms are to the fore with very liberal donations for special'prizes. These annual competitive exhibitions bring about an 111 tiuity i of ^coodf bceause tho pastoralist is enhanced Uy an opportunity afforded for a selection of best bred unuimals formutton ^and wool-producing qualities. Therefore, it *is not surprising to iind that every entice •mout is oiFered in tho way of medals and money to bring forth for criticism the boat rains, ewes, horses, and cattle, .from which the breeder may purchase, for: the improve ment of. any class of stock. The conditions and regulations, as compared with last year, are almost identical, and when wo add that Mr. T. II.- Mate is president, and Messrs. Ingram and,Hammond are vice-presidents of the association, with a good working com mittee and Mr. 11. Wood as secretary, no further guarantoo need-be suggested for the success of thosho'wto be held on 12th Sepv tember. L A .ok.vtlkmas. who has just arrived in :to\vu frouirBodallaj-Moruya, .Braid wood, and Goulburn,states that no part of tho country possesses.at present so fresh, and green un appeavanco as that in and avouml Wagga fWagw. :: Alo8t,: if not all, of our readers .would ;be- :glad- if :tliis verdant appearance cpuld be retained, but that is wishing for ;what cannot be. . r;.-A ladv complains that the fork of the old gumtreo in (jurwood-strcefc, opposite tho Public school, invariably gives a start to passers-by at night, from its rcsemblaneo to the head of a man. She has many a time received a nervous shock, and trusts, that now public attention is called to the matter, the caiwe of such will be removed. We liavo no doubt * that the mayor or the borough surveyor will, on reading this para graph, immediately cause the offending limb to be lopped oil'. "VVAtstfa Wngga'a connection with the would-be Sir Roger Tiehbornc has given to the town an uiulying notoriety. At tho railway station yesterday some of the pas sengers were making the most of their seven minutes' stay in questioning onlookers re specting the site of Tom Castro's dwelling. There was a subsequent discussion between two residents, one atlirmiug most cmphatic ully £hat tho quondam Gurwood-street butcher was thp real Sir Roger, the other as emphatically denying it, and denouncing the claimant as tho greatest impostor of hjs day. There are not a few in Wagga Wagga anu elsewhere who still adhere to tho Dart moor prisoner's asseverations. Pope's words $re still true— 'Tis with our judgments as our watchcs, nono • (Jo jiwfc ullkOj yet each typlloycs lifci own', On Tuesday Mr. Liccuscd Surveyor Lips comb opened a court of appraisement at the Court-house, being empowered by special license, to inquire into the value and owner ship of land, portion !l\ of 10S acres, in the parish of Yarrragundry, county Mitchell, at the date of John Mulcare's conditional pur chase upon application February 24, 1881. Mr. Toinpson appeared for the selector, Mr. Mulcare, and Mr. Fitzhardinge for the lessee, Mr. Spiilcr. Voluminous evidence waa taken on Tuesday and yesterday, on behalf of both parties, and it would be premature with the space at our disposal to essay an abstract of. the testimony given. Suffice it to say that the contention was brought about in consequence of a difference between the parties as to the value of certain fencing. On the one hand Mr. Mulcarc, supported by some eight witnesses, swore that the im provements in the way of certain specified riugbarking, chock and log fencing, and wire fencing, was not worth more than £40; whereas Mr. Spiller, supported by a number of witnesses, swore that the improvements that had been cflcctcd wore considerably in excess of £40. Mr. Licensed Surveyor Lipscomb of courso is in no position to pro nounce a decision upon the merits of the case, and lias forwarded the written evidence, with his own comments, to the Minister for Lands, with whom the decision rests. Tick residents of Kerry Jerry and Coola man intend petitioning the Government for the appointment of a local justice of tho peace. The reason for this action is that no magistrate resides within a considerable dis tance from that portion of the district. Tub first sitting of the first session of the Municipal Association of New .South Wales was held on Tuesday morning, at the Town Hall, Sydney. Representatives^ of sixty boroughs were present-, out of 95* who had joined the association. In the unavoidable absence of the Mayor of Sydney, who; was engaged in the Supreme Court, the Mayor of. .Ashlield took the chair. The circulars sent to.the different municipalities having been read, the business was commenced by the election of officers by open votiug, .and also of a committee of 12 representatives to act as. a council. Notwithstanding that an -amount of something like. £700- was placed ..oik the estimates for the construction, of a bridge over Sandy Creek ; leading to the . railway station, no* notification calling for tenders has yet been, made. This unpardonable, dilatormcss on the part of the lload Depart ment has caused a great .deal of - complaint from the residents of the locality referred to, and they reasonably ask. the question, -why the delay? - The farmers of Sandy. Crcck during the winter season cannot cross the creek with a load,-and'children requiring to go to school are. compelled to remain at home. Last year alone accidents occurred in- the locality,: many, of .which ended fatally. "" } " An exchange says that a well-known squatter in .the Western district of Victoria' lately, wrote off. JbldiOOO losses in. connection with a defunct evening paper; while another,' not. far^from-;Melbournej:? has found; to his. cost that an up-country daily, can suck; up a. rare lot of nioney.in a little tunc.-- > • • - Tltrc ITon. H. ID. King, Speaker of. the Queensland 'Parhnmcrit;vhas been :trying to rival Archibald, Forbes as a maker of :upi grains. He compares, the squatting mono polist to the ofcpnug'of a shark and a■*out*:: tlcfish, as it was its linbifc.ravenously to seize everything it could, und when it was dis turbed to emit an ••inky cloud,' under cover of which lb escaped. * / Wb arc informed (saya the Ooofatnuiulra Jfcrald) that a uc-wspapcr plant has been pur-, chased for a second nowspaper to bo launched atGundagai. If all wo hear is true, Gundagai, will soon; want another addition to its local institutions—alunatic asylum: The ghost of old Father Caxton- is to . be stirred out of :his grave, and his.old dry bones shaken into life for the purpose of the new- stylo of journalism which we are to scemGundagai. We pray that ]Jiovidence will guard and •keep • the .poor, .unfortunates typo that will1 have to run the 2?i>w Liyht. ;•> Tiris :inorning,;(say'8 Tuesday's .< Jfr/to),' at the:; Central Police .Court, James Clancy;; aged 25 years, and Georgo Stanton, aged dl years, both tailors by trade, were charged , beforo1 Mr. Crane, fc.M.y with having bur glariously.-entered the dwelling-house of' , William; AllcmNeilan, licensee of: the Emu Inn,:-Ilegcnt-ntroot, with intent to commit a felony. -The prisoner Stanton appeared in court with , his face very much bruised ami cut.- From the cvidcucc of the prosecutor, it appeared that about ten . minutes to 2 o'clock i-thw morning he was sittingm his back .parlour;vwhen licftincied that he heard a noise, at the door or window of the front •parlour. . <He tookm his hand, thekuob of a dooiy and in the othor a lighted candle, and went from the room into the hall. By the light. he saw the shorter of the two prisoners, Sitanton,:;and :heard a voice say " Wc arc done.-V: ,;Miv: jNcilan advauced- with the candle, aud thou saw the second prisoner. The two men attacked him and hit linn-upon the head: and face. vHe produced a -hat lie had been-wearing at the time and which had. been cut and broken in-the assault. He was knocked up ragainst the staircase and the candle was extinguished. * He cried out for help. . The prisoner Clancy again..attacked him.and hit nim oil the facc with something thufctho,prosecutor bolievcd to be a hey, hut could not possibly say. what it was, as there lwas no light in tho hnll. Mr. Neilan thon struck the prisoner Clancy with the knob of the door, and drove .him back. The prisoner Stanton. attempted to catch' iiim.-by the throat, but the prosccutor held him -with one hand whilst lie beat him on the face with the knob of the door till he yielded, aiul begged to bo released, saying that bo was a respcotablo tradesman, and would give prosecutor £100 in the - morning if ho would let him go. Whilst the prose cutor was beating Stanton, the prisoner Clancy, who was cowcd by the courage shown by the publican, crouched down in a ebnier iii fear. The prosecutor had been calling out for help, and his wife now came to him, and he sent hereto rouse the lodgers aiul to obtain a light. The lodgers soon arrived and secured the burglars, and a policeman was then found, and they were given into his chargo. It was ascertained that the men had cutcrcd tho houso by the front parlour window, which had not been fastened, and a buuch of four skeleton keys was found lying on the floor of the hall near where the prisoner Clancy had crouched down. The prisoners were committed to take their trial at the next Quarter Sessions. The Bailarat C'mtr/er reports that on Fri day last a complimentary welcome to Mr. Harrie Wood, Under Secretary of Mines, Now South Wales, who was ou a visit to Bailarat, was given, at Pobjoy's, Unicorn hotel. There was a very large ropresonta* live and influential assemblage, : and ( his worship tho Mayor of the city occupied' tho chair, having on his right hand the guest of the evening, and on his left the Hon, Mr. Sutherland of New South Wales. After the usual loyal toasts had been honoured, tho chairman proposed the toast of "Tho guest, Mr. Harrie Wood." In doing so, the Mayor remarked that tho welcome was accorded Mr. Wood by his frieuds, who thought they would not let him go from here without giving him a Bailarat welcome. Mr. Wood was an old Bailarat resident, and at one time was manager of tho New North Clunes Com pany, besides beiug connected with some of our most deserving institutions, iuehiding the School of Mines and Benevolent Asylum. The toast was drunk with euthusiasm. Mr. Wood, in responding, briefly stated his grati tude to tho many geutletnon of prominence firesunt to welcome him. He looked ou Bal arat ae his home, and hoped it would ever prosper. (Cheers.) Mr.H, R. Caselliproposed tho toast of tho "New South Wales visitors," and Mr. Sutherland rosponded, speaking in highly eulogistic terms of the School of Mines, Bullarat, which he snid benefited not only Bailarat but the world at large. Ho hoped that it would not bo many years cro the Sydney people would ho able to show those present somethiug as good, and with the Government they had now- in New South Wales, be believed that the mother (New South Wales) would ere many years u beat" her daughter (Victoria). They (the visitors) eaine here as missionaries to get federation, and to have freotrade with Victoria across tho borders. Mr. Berry had done a great deal for Victoria in regard to the border duties. Ho felt the pulses of his patients, andprescribedfortliomuocordingly. (Cheers.) Mr. Jones, M.L.A. (New South Wales), a(so responded, and expressed his pleasure at what he had seen in Bailarat. Mr. Wood proposed success to Bailarat, and Mr, Oddic responded. Mr. Withers proposed the toast of "The Chairman," and in during so said that what Now South Wales wanted was a Mining on Private Property Bill. If such a bill were put in force, then Victoria would soon follow suit. The proceedings terminated witb three chcora for New South Wales, Victoria, and federation. The execution of Timothy Kecfe for tho murder of his uncle, John Kecfe, took i>lacc (says the Weekly Dispatch) on Monday morn ing, April 30» in Cork County Prison. The farm of the culprit'* family had been sold under an execution at the suit of the murdered man, who purchased it from the sheriff', and this was the motive alleged' for the crime. Kccfo walked firmly to the .scaffold, and at 8 o'clock the drop fell, death being instantaneous. Marwood was the executioner. The condemned man made no public confession. At the inquest held on the body of Kecfe after being cut down, the coroner, at the request of the jury, sent to Marwood for the rope with which he had hanged Kecfe. Marwood refused to gratify the jury's curiosity, stating that the rope was private property. The jury then in sisted upon Marwood being examined, and the gaol governor was communicated with for the purpose of having him produced. Tho governor, however, declined to inter fere, and the jury had finally to vest satisfied with the doctor's evidence that death had been instantaneously caused by hanging. _ The Braulwood Dispatch says :—For some time past five aborigines have located them selves near Tomboy. They nro all rather antique, ami amongst them are three old* gashioncd gins, two of whom are quite blind, while their sable lords are powerless to earn a living for them on account of old age ; in-, deed, one of them, "Mr. Hunt," is in such an attenuated state that he can hardly move, while the other, "Mr. Wallace," is only able occasionally to get a few scalps for sale. Mr. Peter Stewart, near whose place these remnants of by-gone days exist, has done all • he cau for them in the shape of giving them rations. Two or three weeks ago 'Mr.. Stewart wroto''to the Hon. George Thorn ton^ Aborigines Protector, and informed him of the state of these poor people, at the same time suggesting that it would be advisable that some responsible person be appointed to look after them and provide them with a little flour, tea, and sugar. Mr. Stewart has since received instructions from Mr. Thorn* •ton to give each of them weekly eight pounds of flour, two pounds of sugar, and a quarter of a-pound of tea, which instriictionshc.com* inenccd to carry out 011 Saturday Inst. * ?.: Many/reports, m regard to tho financial failure of Mrs. Langtry's theatrical engage' ment.-.'having- been circulated, Henry; K. Abbey, her manager, has furnished a -state ment < of 'the receipts of her porformanccs. throughout the -country. Iler engagement: thus 'far has lasted twenty-four weeks, *and tho net receipts have been £40,000.- She played for four weeks in Now York, !thc .receipts the hrst week nmountingto ±4700 ; the second week, £3000 ; the third,\ii5500 ; vrtnd the final weekj £5112. : :The first-week' m Boston they wcre-£2000 ; and the second week ;t2200. i Tlie week's receipts in Phila delphia wcre;£3000,.and for the' two weeks in Chicago £4731 A good ileal of'niatrimouial* tribulation was .biought to light ju the -last census'returns of .-Great Britain, Several husbands returned their wives as the heads of the families, and one describes himself as ail? idiot.for.having married; his literalrbetteivhalf.• "Married, :aml l'ni;lieartily sorry for it," was returned; in tworcascs ; and m qiuto a number of in stances "Temper" w:is entered under the head of infirmities opposite the name of : his wife. > ^rvTiiK/ilJTwA'ai/^l/ifrcKry'OffJunc (> is respond sible for the following r—A.seleetor of Plane: Creek says; he was . much-.* surprised a few mornings ago at his boy running m to his j hut 111 great fright exclaiming Master, Mary, Mary,> devrl I think ! . On coming-out to see iwhat was the matter, to my. astonishment I beheld a young woman apparently about- 23 years of age. {She was some ten yards from ? tho hut and coming towards me, .pushing a perambulator bcfoio her which held three : tor toiecahell, cats.- Closely following behind, evidently ready: to protect their mistress, were two dogs,'-onevof•them-an*,unusually large Newfoundlands: ; She; bid me . good moruing very pleasantly. In course of con?: : versation, I found out that tlns'rather eceeii trie pcrson .had; travelled from Melbourne overland to Rockliampton, thence up the coast towards MacUay. < Questioning her as to how she existed; she said.that alio travelled from station to station, and from town- to .town; and when people wish to buy, she had shirt buttons, needles, and .thread to sell. She was not afraid; her dogs could protect: her. She ib ot German parents and of lively appearance and intelligence. One of iny rnieii.put her on thc >right track for*Maekay, she leaving ine somewhat surprised at a woman ^travelling through the' bush witli. dogs and cats her only companions* .1' have travelled, thousands.ot'miles in Australia and" have come across strange travellers, but nothing to equal them. ^ Mi Stunt, the Picmiei, wntes to the tpress explaining- his. regulations regarding, the alteration in tho tune of starting of trains to .-and■> from;;Mclbourne.- -rHe denies that -extraordinary.. pressure had been brought: to bear on him by the Melbourne authorities, as: had < been alleged; .1 •Ho'; states. that Jie waited upon /the Minister, of Railways to point out the. extreme inconvenience arising from the morning tram leaving Wodonga for. Melbourne at 0*10, to meet which persons arriving, in Albury about midnight by trains from ••AVautfa and Hav. and also Victorians transactmg'biisincss in Albury, Imvo to cross• over by the old system of coaches and omni buses, which- could be obviated by Victoria' sending,a tram to Albury, and starting from there at ton minutes boforc six. Under the existing agreement, a small addition to the fare from Wodonga to Melbourne- would ;be: made, and divided between the two colonics j liut oil the Minister pointing out that such might not besuflioient todefray the expenses of sending a train backward and forward, ho at. once, agreed that this colony should bear half of the lossof the additional facility thus given. Tlio inconvenience of the train arrangements is becoming every day more apparent, and travellers are complaining very sorely on the subject. On Monday there being 110 train from Sydney, no passengers can be convoyed by rail from Albury to YVodonga, and there is the absurd spectacle of loaded cabs and 'busses running over side by side to the Vic torian train, and returning to Woiloiiga empty. This occurs ouco a woek with the mail train to Melbourne, but the cabs anil 'busses are in . request every day for the. morning train for Melbourne, and for the 0 o'clock train for Benalla. That is to say, whilst there are three trains leaving Wodongiv every week day, only one goes from Albury to Wodonga on five days of tlio week, and on Monday 110 train goes from Albury to Wodonga at all. Tlio iiiconvenience thus caused eifcets not ouly tlio local passenger trallic, hue all the passengers from tlio Hay and Narandera line^ Great com plaints aro also made of tho time wasted in stoppages, the delay at Albury and Wodonga alone, on the through journey from Sydney to Mel bourne, amounting to over two hours. There is a possibility of largo fortunes being made in New Guinea, (remarks tlio Pioneer Mall) by tho cultivation of the nut meg. The" nutmeg tree is found in gi'dat • abundance in that island, and gives its uamc to 0110 of the linest pigeons in the world, a bird as large as a hon turkey. Since the collapse of the nutmeg at Singapore we have beeu indebted, for the most part, to our old rivals, the Dutch, for nutmeg and inaco. But tho nutmeg trees of Singapore were im portations ; the tree was not so indigenous to the place as in New Guinea. The culti vation is, or was, the* most profitable of any thing wo know of, surpassing cinchona and coffee in their best days. Singapore owners of nutmeg plantations—mere compounds planted with the handsome tree—used to. realise their £4000 to .-£5000 a year ; but in one dark and memorable year the trees were all stricken with a blight, aud numbers of planters onjoying large incomes were reduced to poverty. The tree became white and leaf* less, a vegetable skeleton; and 110 attempt to rovivn tlio cultivation of the nutmeg at Singapore has ever proved successful, Thk ease brought by Joseph Thompson, bookmaker, agaiust Messrs. Bladder and others, the lessees of the Adelaide liacing Club's course, was commenced in the Supreme Court Adelaide before Mr. Justice Boucaut, on Monday. Mr. J, Synion, who appeared for the plaintiffs, moved that an interlocutory injunction be granted, restraining tho defen dants from making any charge, cither to Thompson or the public generally, for en trance to the racecourse. It was alleged that the corporation, from whom the defendants leased the course, had no power to grant the IcaKC under the act which gave them control of park hnic]s, '^he plaintjirs council, at the suggestion of tho judge, after a long argu ment, eonsonted'to allow the matter to stand over until the hearing of the claim for damages in September ; the defendants to take lees in the meantime, and kccpaccounts. Tlio attorney-General, for tho defendants, refused to consqnt to this, and clectcd to go ou with tlio motion. Thp arguments were then resumed, aiu} tlio case was i>ot concluded when thp Court adjourned, Onck a slashing journalist, Mr. Thomas Wilton's right hand has not forgotten its cunning, though he has forsaken the press, for the pit, ami now heaps coals on his trucks instead of on the heads of his adversaries. With a sort of poetic justice for his desertion of the pen for the pick, it is those very trucks that now trouble him. The one desire of his heart just now is not "pars." or slashing leaders, or even "ads.," but trucks ; and of course, like most people in similar cases, he can't get them, or enough of them. Not having the much desired trucks himself, of coursc he falls foul of those who have, and Mr. Goodchap and his department) who have trucks enough and to spare, but, somehow, won't truckle to Mr. Wilton and his'com pany, as good Government officers should do, arc treated in a late Jlc.rcihl to what may fairly be termed, under the circumstances, rather a truculent trouncing. If it is asked why Mr. Commissioner Goodchap should be expected to carry coals for Mr. Wilton, and failing to do so, be treated very much as that other beast of burden in the popular lyric when he "won't go," we must candidly confess we don't know. The complaint is that, knowing the requirements of the com pany in the matter of trucks, the Department docs not keep pace with them. Of coursc it doesn't! Why should it? It is not the company which might be fairly expected to keep pace with its own requirements j it is a Government department, ami when, as a, journalist, did Mr. Wilton ever cxpeet a Government department to kcop pace with anything? Tiie meeting called in the York-street Wesleyau Church this morning (says Tues day's J2<)ho), to hear charges against the Rev. J. Osborne for beiug erroneous in doc trine, commenced at a little after 10 o'clock. As some doubt existed about the meeting having been duly summoned, some time was spent in discussing the several points raised. It appears to be-necessary that certain .officers.of the circuit as well as the ministers should be summoned to attend, and that two or three omissions had been made. This oversight was for the time allowed to pass, in order-to consider the more important fact as to whether the trustees impeaching their minister were bound, first of all, to hold a meeting, duly called; to consider the case. Some members of the meeting contended >that|' according to the wording of the Trust Deed, a special meeting.of the trustees must lirst be called, others held a contrary opinion. .Very-, dittlo. progress appears to have been made).1 so hard are men to be persuaded or convinced. Meanwhile the accused minister is waiting, to . be tried • condemned, and sentenced, or otherwise, as may be deter mined. " . Tuesday's T.umnt and Addony Times says jthat.on Saturday, afternoon a Chinese funeral took place. . A number of celestials with .white bands.around their hats followed the remains of their deceased countryman to the cemetery;.' The usual strange rites were en acted,at the grave.: A report. has been cir . culated that; tho deceased," War Fun, had been maltreated in a row, and had died from the injuries he received, c -The police investi gated the matter; and laid tiie facts, we be lieve, ^before v the coroner, wlio,: under tho circumstauces, did not deem an inquest necessary. It seems that about five months • ago,..-"War Fun was assaulted by certain Chinese over some gambling dispute, he was somewhat bruised, and attended by a. doctor, but lie-did not- institute proceedings. -The deceased was a sickly man about 54 years of age, and-medical testimony showed that his death resulted from disease of the liver and .pulmonary'.organs. - On Saturday night some persons unknown, ,but suspicion poiuts to the . Chinese, disturbed the grave, all the earth was thrown out^thc coffin laid bare, and the plate torn from the lid.. . The sum of 3s. Gd. •had''been thrown into the grave when de ceased was buried; but,to obtain this could hardly be the motive of those who committed this disgraceful - act. - When a Chinamen seeks revenge*-, "his ?-.;lmte surmounts the bounds of mortal fate, ami dies not with the 'dead." - " . . • Skkjkant Ballantino, in one of his Ameri can Icctures,- BpeaUin# of Tlomburg in the old days,; told - the following, comical incident about Nh's.. Alfred .-Wigan, . the:actress :— .11 iMrs.r, Wigairhad a watchful eye over her ^handsome and, accomplished husband,1 and ■did not approve of his associating with any: of.the opposite sox. Ono day I went into the gambling-hall, and found that every - chair, was "occupied.: Mrs. \Wigan was seated at the rouge- et-noir table, risking, with much deliberation, a few crowns, and - carefully hoarding her winnings. 'X waited nearly an hour foi\ a chair,- and * was: about giving up, when an idea occurred to mo,.and J said in a loud , voice to.a-friend rwho icamb iu at the the moment, . Who is that uncommonly pretty, :girl I sa\vr,Al.:Wigan talking with down, at .the Springs ?' In about lialf a minute Mrs". ; Wigaii:gathcred up her. money and hurried to tlie Springs. I do not know what occurred when she tound her husband, but I got the.chauy andrib cost me a matter "of £25." •.'Ahout twenty minutes past eleven o'clock on Monday night last soino of tho foot passengers in George-strcet noticed smoke issuing through the crevices of the shut ters of Messrs. Turner, Blackwell.! and Brian's grocer's shop, at No. GJG, be tween Batlnirst and Liverpool streets. In formation- of the circumstance was at onco convoyed'to the Insurance • ]?iro Brigade station, close by, and the manual engine of the brigade was on the spot in a minute or two. An entrance was effected' by breaking iii'n''door opening on a lane at the rear of the premises, and it was then found that a fire was burning under the shelves behind the counter near the front part of the shop. The flames were soon extinguished, aud it was theu found that the fire had originated in a box of wax matches, and as the place seemed to be swarming with rats it is possible that in this case the explanation so often offered with regard to fires a doubtful origin, is tho correct one. A large quantity of tea and sugar, which had been put up in packets for sale, was completely destroyed, together with the shelves on which the goods had been placed j and the hoat aud smoke did con siderable damage to the greater part of the stock in the immediate neighbourhood of the fire. Several of the volunteer companies arrived promptly with their engines, but their services were not required. The build ing, which was very slightly damaged, is tho property of Mr. Stuart, of Darling Point, aud is insured in the Victoria Insurance Company for £1000. There is a policy over the stock aud fixtures in tho Liverpool, London, aud Globe Company for £800. The valuators were busy on Tuesday morning making an estimate of the extent of the damage. News luis just eomo to baud regarding a catastrophe which happened on Monday at the •4 Cockpit," a large dam on Sir Samuel Wilson's Krcildoune Estate, not far from the Burrumbeet railway station. It appears (says the Ayv) t-hut about two o'clock on 'Sunday lafterffowi -two young men, named John and Lewis Simson, aged respectively 20 and 15. years, sons of a fanner residing at Burrumbeet, left their homo with the inten tion of taking the boat and going for a row on the dam. On their way to the "Cockpit" they called at tho residence of a farmer named Smith, aud asked some young mon to go with thorn, but they declined. The brothers not returniug before 5 p.m., their ; parents became alarmed, and tiie father pro ceeded to tho dam to ascertain the whore* abouts of his sons. On arriving there lie found that tho boat—on old Hat bottomed ; one—was not at its usual place, tied to a : tree. He also observed the prints of boots leading down the incline to tho place where 1 the boat was generally kept. Tho anxious parent at once alarmed tho neighbours, about 20 of whom turned out; but no trace of the missing ones or the boat could be discovered. Another boat was procured froinLake Burrum beet, and dragging operations commenced and continued all night without success. Sumo dilliculty was necessarily experienced in consequence of the dam being 7 feet or 8 feet deep, and in places covered with rushes. Information was given to the Learmouth police about 3 o'clock on Tuesday morning, aud they at once joined in the search. Day broke, and still tho searchers had proved unsuccessful in their efforts. Mounted constable Loveday then came into Ballarat, and obtained another boat and additional dragging apparatus, which he took out with him to the dam. The bodies were eventually recovered about 2 o'clock on Tuesday after noon, and a paiuful scene took place on the banks when they were brought in. These are all the particulars regarding tho sad a(iair which IiavQypt cohfO to hand, out additional light may be thrown upon it at the inquiry. The news oreated a profound sensation in tho city, and much sympathy is felt and ex pressed for the bereaved parents. The eldor of the 'two youug men is stated to have been a iirst-rato ploughman, aud it was his inten tion., to have competed at the next inter colonial ploughing match* M. df. Leaseps' claim to a solo right of cutting through tho Isthmus of Suez (observes a London morning journal) is too preposter ous to be eutcrtaine'd. We do nob believe that the terms of his concession amount to tills. If they do, some means must be found for getting rid of so mischievous a perpetuity in restraint of trade. It is simply monstrous that one man, the spokesman and representa tive of one body of shareholders, should assert a right, practically for all time, of intercepting the communication between the East and the West. There is Europe on the one side with its three hundred millions of , inhabitants, and tho Eastern world on the other with its untold millions, seeking com mercial intercourse with one another and not finding it. The way must be found, and it is certain that it will be found. Tho English Government have very properly declined to take the initiative. This they leave to that private enterprise in which Englishmen have most trust, and which has never yet failed to respond to fclic demauds made upon it. Once more we hear of proposals for a general European disarmament, which on this occasion, it is said, arc specially favored by Prince Bismarck. The scheme is not tho more impracticable because the burden of taxation for military purposes falls with such crushiug weight and is the cause of much social and political dissatisfaction in Ger many and iu other countries. Theoretically | it might be possiblo to fix a limit above which ; no power should be allowed to increase its | military strength, but then these two difli ; cultic3 would arise. In the first placc it ; would be necessary to adopt a certain system i of handicapping—for instance, countries who | have a weak frontier, such, for instance, as France with the Rhine as its boundary, and Germany with the Vistula, might reasonably plead tliatthey required alarger body of troops to defend them in the ordinary courseof things than Spain, protected as it is by the natural barrier of the Pyrenees, or England, separ ated from her nearest" Continental neigh bour by the silver streak. Secondly, it is not certain that if an irreducible maximum of troops were decided on, there would be perpetual complaints from time to time that some country or other was transgressing the due limit, and thus that a policy adopted in the interests of peace would generate the suspicions and jealousies which arc the pro lific cause of war. Finally, who is to be the authority charged with the business of seeing that military armaments were kept at a given point? Clearly 110 such authority exists. - The law might be made, but it would lack the sauctiou to make it operative, because iu every case it is the litigants, or to put it difiereutly, the nations immediately concerncd, who would be the lawgivers. 