SIR TOM. BY MBS. OXJPHANT. Author of "The Chronicles of CarHogford," "The Greatest Heiress in England," "lie that Will Not when He May," Ac., &c.; CHAPTER XV. ON BUSINESS. Ten thousand pounds ! These words have very different meanings to different people. Manv of us can form little idea of what those simple syllables contain. They enclose as in a golden casket—rest, freedom from care, bounty, kindness, an easy existence, and au ending free of anxiety, to many. To othens, they are nothing more than a cipher on paper, a symbol without any connection with themselves. To some it is gmt fortune, to others a drop in the ocean. A merchant will risk it any day, and think but little if the speculation ie a failure. A prodigal will throw it away in a month, perhaps in a night. But the proportion of people to wnom its possession would make all the difference between poverty and wealth far transcends the number of those who are careless of it. It is a pleasure to deal with such a sum of money even on paper. To be concerned in giving it away makes even the historian who has nothing to do with it feel magnificent and all-bounteous. Jock, who had as little experience to baok him as any other boy of bis age, felt a vague elation as he drove in by Lucv's side to Farafield. To confer a great benefit is always eweet Perhaos if jre a&alvze; it, as ia the fashion of the day, we will find that the pleasure of giving has a fund of gratified vanity and self- consideration in it; but this weakness is at least supposed to be generous, and Jook was generous to bis own consciousness, and full of delight in what was going to be done, and satisfaction with bis own share in it. But Lucy's sensations were very difforent She went with him with no goodwill of her own, like a culprit being dragged to execution. Duty is not always willing, even when we see it most clearly. Young Lady Randolph had a clear conviction of what she was bound to do, but she had no wish to do it, though she- was so thoroughly convinced that it was iuenmbent uoon her. Could she have pushed it out of her own recollection, banished it from her mind, she would have gladly done so. She had succeeded for a long time In doing this—excluding the consideration of it, and forgetting the burden bound upon her shoulders. But now she could forget it no longer—the thongs which secured it seemed to cut into her flesh. Her heart was sick with thoughts of the thing she must do, yet revolted against doing. "Oh. papa, papa !" she said to} herself,'shaking her head at the grim, respectable house in which hor early days had been passed, as they drove past it to Mr. Rushton s office. Why had the old man put such a burden u pon her? Why had not he distributed bis money himself and left her poor if he pleased, with at least uo unnatural charge upon her heart and life?" "Why do you shake your head?" said Jock, who watt full of the keenest observation, and lost nothing. He bad an instiuctivc feeling that she was by no means so much intoreetcd iu her duty as he was, and that it was his business to keen her up to the mark. "Don't you remember the old house?" Lucy said, " where we used to live when vou were a child. Where your papa died — where" " Of course I remember it. I always look at it when L pass, and think, what a little ass I used to be. But why did you shake your bead? That's what I want to know." " Oh, Jock !" Lucy cried ; and said uo more. "That throws very little light on the question," said Jock. "You arc thinking of tlie difference I suppose. Well, there is no doubt that it's a great difl'erence. 1 was a little idiot in those days. I recollect I thought the little circus boy was a sort of little prince—and tliat to ride along like that with all the people staring—was the grandest thing in the world" " Poor little circus boy! What a pretty child lie was," said Lucy. And then she sighed to relieve the oppression on her breast, and said, "Do you ever wonder, Jock, why people should have such different lots? You and I driving along here In what we onco would have thought such state, and look, these people that are crossing the road in the mud are just as good as we are"— Jock looked at his sister with a philosophical eye, in which for the moment there was some contempt. " It is as easy as A B C," said Jock; " its ycur money. You might set me a much harder one. Of course, in the way of horses and carriages and so forth, there is nothing that money cannot buy." This matter-of-fact reply silenced Lucy. She would have asked, perhaps, why did I have all this money ? being in a questioning frame of mind; but she knew that he woula answer shortly because her uncle made it, and this was not any more satisfactory. So she only looked at him with wistful eyes that set many much harder ones, and was silent. Jock himself was too philosophical to bo satisfied with his own reply. " You see," he said condescendingly, " Money is the easiest explanation. If you were to ask me why Sir Tom should be Sir Tom, and that man sweep a crossing, I could not tell you"—— " Oh. cried Lucy, " I don't see any difficulty about that at all; for Tom was born to it Y or to laugh at this feminine begging question. He stared at her for a moment uncertain, and then went on aa if she had not spoken. " But money is always intelligible. That's political eoonomy. If vou have money, as a matter of course, you nave everything that money can bay, and I suppose It can buy almost everything," Jock said reflectively. "it cannot buy a moment's happiness," cried Lucy, " nor one of things one wishes most for. Oh Jock, at your age don't be deceived like that. For my part, she oried, " I think it is just the trouble ot life. If it was not for this horrible money " She stopped short, the tears were in her eyes: but sne would not betray to Jock how great was the difficulty in which she found herself. She turned her head away and was glad to wave her hand to a well known face that was passing, an acquaintance of old times, who was greatly elated to find that Lady Randolph in her grandeur still remembered her. Jock looked on upon all this with a partial comprehension, mingled with disapproval. He did not Quite understand what she meant, but he disapproved of her for moaning it all the same. "Money can't be horrible," he said, "unless it's badly speut; and to say you can't buy happiness with it is nousonse. If it don't make you happv to save people from poverty, it will make tnem happy, so somebody will always got the advantage. What are you so silly about, Lucy ? I dou't say money is so very fine a thing, I only say it s intelligible. If you ask me why aman should be a great deal better than you or me, only becnuso be took the trouble to be boro"— " 1 am not tfo silly, though you think me so silly as to ask that, said Lucy, "that is so easy to understand. Of course you can only be who you are. You can't make vouraelf iDto another person. I hope I understand that." She looked bim so sweetly and seriously in the face as &he; spoke, and was so completely unaware of any Oaw in her reply, that Jock, argumentative as he was, ouly gasped ana suid nothing more. And it was in this pause of this conversation that they swept up to Mr. Rushton's door. Mr. Kushton was the Town Clerk of Farafield, the most important representative of legal knowledge in the place. He had been tbe late Mr. Trevors man of business, and had still the greater part of Luoy's affairs in his hands. He had known her from her childhood ; and, in the disturbed chapter of her life before her marriage, his wife had taken a great deal of notice, as she expressed it, of Luoy, and young Raymond, who had now settled down in the office as his father's partner (bnt never half such a man as his father, in the opinion of the community), had done her the honour of paying his addresses to ber. Bnt all that had passed from everybody's mind. Mrs. Rushton, never very resentful, was delighted now to receive Lady Randolph's invitations, and proud of the character of au old friend. And if Raymond occasionally showed a little embarassment in Lucy's presence, that was only because he was by nature awk ward in the society of ladies, and according to his own description never knaw what to say. "And what can I do for your ladyship this morning?" Mr. Rushton said, rising from his chair. His private room was very warm and comfortable, too warm, the visiton thought, as an office always is to people going in from the fresh air. The fire burned with concentrated heat, and Lucy, in her furs and suppressed agitation, felt her very brain confused. As for Jock, he lounged in the background with his hands in his pockets, reading the names upon the boxes that lined the wall, and now that it had come to the crisis, feeling truly helpless to aid his sister, ana considerably in the way. " It is a very serious business," said Luoy, drawing her breath hard. " It is a thing you have never liked or approved of, Mr. Rushton—nor any one," she added, in a faint voice. " Dear me, that is very unfortunate," said the lawyer, cheerfully ; r< but I don't think you have ever been much disapproved of, Lady Randolph. Come, there is nothing you can't talk to me about—an old friena. I was in your good father's secrets, and I never saw fa better head for business. Why this is Jock, I believe, grown into a mau almost I I wonder if he has any of his father's talent ? It is about him you want to consult me? Why that's perfectly natural now he's coming to an age to look to the future," Mr. Rushton said. " Oh, no ! it is not about Jock. He is only sixteen ; and( besides, it is something that is much more difficult," said Lucy. And then she paused, and cleared her throat, and put down her muff among Mr. Rushton s papers, that she might have her hands free for this tremendous piece of business. Then she said, with a sort of desperation, looking him in toe face, 41 1 am come to get you to—settle some money for ma far-obedience to papa's will." Mr. Rushton started as if he had been shot " You don't mean"—he oried, "You mean——. Come, I daresay I am making a mountain out of a molehill, and that what you are thinking of is quite innocent If not about our young friend here, some of your charities or improvements. You are a most extravagant little lady in your improvements, lady Randolph. Those last cottages, you know—out I don't doubt the estate will reap the advantage, and it's an outlay that pays; oh, yes, iaon't deny it's an outlay that pays." Lucy's oountenance betrayed the futility of this supposition long before he had finished speaking. He had been standing with his back to the fire, in a cheerful and easy way. Now his countenance grew grave. He drew his chair to the table, and sat down facing her. " H it is not that, what is it ?" he said. 4 4 Mr. Rushton," said Lucy, and she cleared her throat. She looked book to Jock for support, but he hod his back turned to her, ana was still reading the names on the lawyer's boxes which lined the wall. She turned round again with a little sigh. " Mr. Rushton, I want to carry out pair's will. You know all about it It is codicil 1 F.' I have heard of some one who is the right person. I want you to transfer ten thousand pounds" The lawyer gave a sort of shriek—he bolted out of his chair, pushing it so far from him that the substantial mahogany shivered and tottered upon its four legs. ( *Nonsense," he saia, "Nonsense!" increasing the firmness of his tone until the word thundered forth in capitals, " NON- SENSE ! You are going out of your# senses^ ^alf^this tolly" r-i*» M When it had happened to Lucy to propose such an operation as Bhe now proposed, for the first time, to her other trustee, she had been spoken to in a way which young ladies rarely experience. That excellent man of business had tried to put this young ladythen a very young lady—down; and he had not fiucceedea. It may be supposed that at her present a^e of twenty-five, a wife, a mother, and with a modest consciousness of her own place and position, she was not now a less difficult antagonist. She was still a little frightened, ana grew somewhat pale, but she looked steadfastly at Mr. Rusntou with a nervous smile. "I think vou must not speak to me so," she said. " I am not a child, and I know my father's will and what it meant It is not nonsense—oil bis part—it may perhaps have been," she eaid witn a little sigh—"not wise." "I beg your pardon, Ladyliandolph," Mr. Rushton said precipitately, with a blush upon his middle aizea countenance, for to be sure when you think of it, to tell a gracious young lady with a title, one of your chief clients, that she is talking nonsenso, even if you have knOwn her ail her life, is going perhaps a little too far. " I am sure you will understand that is what I meant, he cricd, " unwise ; the very word I intended. In the heat of the moment other words sliu, but no offence was raeojit." She made a little bow ; she was trembling, though she would not have him see it. " We are not here," she said, " to criticise my father." Lucy was scarcely half aware how much she bad gained in composure and the art of self-command. "I think he would have been more wise and more kind to have done himself what ho thought to be his duty ; but what does that matter? You must not tiy to convince me, please, but take the directions, which are very simple. I have written them all down in this paper. If you think you ought to make independent enquiries you have the right to do that: but vou will spare the poor gentleman's feelings, Mr. Rushton. It is all put down here." Mr. Rushton took the paper from her hand. He smiled inwardly to liimBelf, subduing bis fret of impatience. " You will not object to let me talk it over," he said, " first with Sir Tom ?" Lucy coloured and thon she grew pale. " You will remember," she said, " that it has nothing to do with my husband, Mr. Rushton." 4 4 My dear lady," said the lawyer, " I never expected to hear you, who I have always known as the best of wives, say of anything that it bos nothing to do with your husband. Surely that ia not how ladies speak of their lords!" Lucy heard a sound behind ber which seemed to imply to her quick ear that Jock was losing patience. She had brought him with her, with the idea of deriving some support from his presence ; but if Sir Tom had nothing to do with it, clearly on much stronger grounds neither had ner brother. She turned round and cast a hurried warning glance at him. She had herself no words ready to reply to the lawyer's gibe. She would neither defend herself as from a grave accusation, nor reply in the same tone. u Mr. Rushton." die saia, falter* ing, M I don't think we need argue, need we? I have put down all the particulars. You know about it as well as I do. It is not for pleasure. If you think it is right you will enquire about tbe gentleman, otherwise I don't think there need be any mor"* to say." I will talk it over with Sir Tom," said Mr. Rushton, feelirg that he hid found the only argument by which to manage this young woman. He even chuckled a little to himself at the thought. Evidently, he said to himself, 4 1 she is afraid of Sir Tom, and he knows nothing about this. He will soon put a stop to it." He added aloud, " My dear Lady Randolph, this is far too serious a matter to be dismissed so summarily. You are young and very inexperienoed. Of course I know all about it, and BO does Sir Thomas. We will talk it over between us, .and no doubt we shall manage to decide upon some course that will harmonize everything." Lucy looked at him with grave surprise. "I don't know," she said, " what there is to be harmonized, Mr. Rush ton. There is a thing which I have to do, and I have Bbruuk /rom it for a long time. But I cannot do BO any longer." LOOK here," said Jock, " it's Lucy's affair, its nobodv else's. Just you look at nor paper and do what she says." "My young friend," said the lawyer blandly, "that is capital advice for you, and I hope you always do what your sister Bays." "Most times I do," said Jock, "not that it's your business to tell mo. But you know very well you'll have to do it No one has got any rignt to interfere with her. She has more .sense than a dozen. She has got the right ou her side. You may do what you please, but you know very well you can't stop her-neither you, nor Sir Tom, nor the old lady, nor one single Living creature ; and you know it," 6a\d Jock. He confronted Mr. Husliton with lowering: brows, and with an angry sparkle in his deep-set eyes. Lucy was half proud of aod half alarmed by her champion. "On, hush, Jock !" she cried, 41 you must not speak; you are only a boy. You must beg Mr. Kuehton's pardon for speaking to him EO- But, indeed, what he says is quite true. It is no one's duty but mine. My husband will not interfere with what he knows I must do," she said, with a little chill of apprehension. Would he indeed be so considerate for her? It made her heart sick to think that she was not o& this point quite cortain about Sir Tom. "In that case there will be no harm ia talking It over with him," said the lawyer briefly. "I thought you were far too sensible oot to see that was the right way. Oh, never mind about his asking my pardon. I forgive him without that He has a hl^h idea of his sister's authority, whioh is quite right; and so have I—and so have all oi us. Certainly, certainly, Master Jock, she has the right; and she will arrange it judiciously, of that there is no fear. But first, as a couple of business men, morq experienced in over with £>ir iom. My dear LAdy Randolph, no trouble at all. Is that all I can do for you ? Then I will not detain you any longer this fine morning," the lawyer said. CHAPTER XVL AN UNEXPECTED ARRIVAL. They drove away again with scarcely a word to each other. It was a bright, breezy, wintry day. The roads about Fairfield were wet with recent rains, and gleamed in tbe sunshine. The river was as blue as steel,' and gave forth a dazzling reflection; the bare trees stood up against the sky without a pretence of affording any shadow. The cold to these two young people, warmly dressed aod prosperous, was nothing to object to— indeed, it was not very cold. But they both had a slight sense of discomfiture—a feeling of having suffered In their own opinion. Jock, who was much regarded at school as a fellow high up, aod a great friend of McTutor. was not used to such unceremonious treatment, and he was wroth to see that even Lucy was supposed to require the sanction of Sir Tom ior what it was clearly her own bnsioess to do. He said nothing, however, until they had quite cleared the town, and were skimming along the more open country roads ; then he saia suddenly— "That old Rushton has a great deal of cheek. I should have another fellow to manage my afiairs, Lucy, if I were you." 4 4 Don't you know, Jock, that I can't ? Papa appointed him. He is my trustee. He has always to be consulted^, Papa did not u mind^" said Lucy, with a little sigh. He said it would be 'good for me to be contradicted, and not to have my own way." "Don't you have your own way?" said Jock, opening his eyes. " Lucy — who contradicts you ? I should like to know who it was, ana tell him my mind a bit. You ! 1 thought you did whatever you pleased. Do you mean to say there is any truth in all that about Sir Tom?" "In what, about Sir Tom?" cried Lucy, instantly oh her defence ; and then she changed her tone witn a little laugh. " Of ccurse I do whatever I please. It is not good for anybody, Jock. Don't you know we must be crossed sometimes, or we should never be of any use at all ?" "Now I wonder which she means?" said Jock. " If she does have her own way or if that it's true like that ? and that a . .. _ order you to do this or not to do 'that, witi what is your own and not his at all ?" " I don't think I understand you, dear," said Lucy, sweetly. "Oh, you can't be such a stupid as that," 4 said the boy. 1 You understand right enough. What did he mean by talking it over with Sir Tom? He thougnt Sir Tom would put a stop to it. Lucy." " If Mr. Rushton forms such false ideas, dear, what does it matter? That is not of any consequence either to you or me." " I wish you would give me a plain answer," said Jock, impatiently. " I ask you one thing, and you say another. You never give me any satisfaction." She smiled upon him with a look which, clever as Jock was, he did not understand. ( < Isn't that conversation V she said. " Conversation 1" The boy repeated the 4 word almost with a shriek of disdain. 1 You don't know very much about that down here in the country, Lucy. You should know McTutor. When he's got two or three fellows from Cambridge with him, and they go at it 1 that's something like talk." " It is very nice for you, Jock, that you get on so well with Mr. Derwentwater," said Lucy, catching with some eagerness at tbis way of escape from embarrassing questions. "Ihope be will come and see us at Easter, as he promised." "He may," said Jock, with great gravity, 41 but the thing is everybody wants to have him. And then, you see, whenever he lias an opportunity he likes to go abroad. He says it freshens one up more than anything. After working his brain all the half as he does, and taking the interest he does in everything, he has got to pay attention, you know, and not to overdo it; he must have cbangc, and he must have rest." Lucy was much impressed by this, as she was by all she beard of McTutor. She was quite satisfied that such immense intellectual exertions as his did indeed merit compensation. She said, I am sure he would get 41 rest with us, Jock. There would be nothing to tire bim ; and whatercr I could do for him, dear, or Si: Tom either, we should be so glad, as he is so good to you." " I don't know that he's what you call fond of tbe country—I mean the Knglish country. Of course it ia different abroad,'' said Jock doubtfully. Then he came back to the original subject with a bound, scattering all Lucy's hopes. "But wc didn't bc^in about McTutor. It was the ether business we were talking of. Is it true that Sir Tom " "Jock," said Lucy seriously. Her mild eyes got a look he had never seen in them before. It was a sort of dilation of unshed tears, and yet they were not wet. " li you know any time when Sir Tom wa& ever unkind or untrue, 1 don't kr,ow it. He has always been good. I don't tbink he will change now. I have 'always done what he told me, and I always will. But he never told me a nything. He knowB a great deal better than all of us put together. Of course, to obey him, that is my first duty. And I always will. But he never asks it—he is too good. What is his will, is my will," she eaid. She fixed her eyes very seriously on Jock all the time as she spoke, and be followed every movement of her lips with a sort of astonished confusion, which it is difficult to deecril>e. When she had ceased, Jock drow a long breath, and seemed to come to the surface again, after much tossing in darker waters. " I think that it roust be true," he said slowly, after a pause, " as people say—that women are very queer, Lucy. I didn't under stand one word you said/' "Didn't you, though?" she said, with a smile of gentle benignity ; " but what does it matter, when it will au come right in the end? is that our omnibus. Jock, that is going along with all that luggage? How curious that is, for nobody was coming today thatl know of. Don't you see it juBt turning in to the avenue ? Now, this is very strange indeed," said Lucy, raising herself very erect upon her cushions with a little quickened and ea^er look. An arrival is always exciting in the country, and an arrival which was quite unexpected, and of which she could form no surmise as,to who it could be, stirred up all her faculties. I wonder if Mrs. Freshwater will know what rooms are best?" she said. * ( and if Tom will be at home to receive tnem: or perhaps it may be some friends of Aunt Randolph's ; or perhaps—I wonder very much who it can Jock's countenance covered itself "quickly with a tinge of gloom. "Whoever it is, I know it frill be disgusting," cried the boy. "Just when we have got so much to talk about; and now I shall never soe you any more. Lady {Randolph was bad enough, and now here s more of them t I should just as soon go baok to school at onoe," he said, with premature indignation. Ilie servants on the box per* oeived the other carriage in advance with equal curiosity and excitement They were still more startled, perhaps, for a profound wonder as to what horses had been sept out, and who was driving them agitated their minds. The horses, solicited by a private token between them ana their driver, which both understood, quickened their paoe with a slight dash, and the oarriage swept along as if in pursuit of the larger and heavier vehicle, which, however, had so much the advance of them that it had deposited its passengers and turned round to the servants' entrance with the luggage before Lady Randolph reached the door. Williams the butler woTe a startled look upon his dignified countenance as he oame out on the steps to receive his mistress. " Some one has arrived," said Lucy with a little eagerness. " We saw the omnibus." " Yes, my lady. A telegram came from Sir Thomas soon after your ladyship left; there was just time to put in the horees"^— " But who is it, Williams V' Williams had a curiously apologetic air. " I heard say, my lady, that it was some of the party that were invited before Mr. Randolph fell ill. There had been a mistake about the letters, and the lady has come all tbe same—a laay with a foreign title, my lady" 4 1 Oh I" said Lucy with English brevity. She stood startled in the hall, lingering a little, changing colour* not with any of the deep emotions which Williams from nis own superior knowledge suspected, but with shyness and excitement It will be the lady from Italy, the Comtesse . Oh, I hope tbey have attended to her properly. Was Sir Thomas at home when she came ?' * 4 Sir Thomas, my lady, went to meet them at the station," Williams said. "Ok, that is all right," cried Lucy, relieved. " I am so glad she did not arrive and find nobody. And I hope Mrs. Freshwater"— 4 1 Mrs. Freshwater put the party into the east wing, my lady. There are two ladies besides tbe man and the maid. We thought imeirom tne csoutn. " It may be the warmest, but it is not the prettiest, said Lucy. "The lady is a groat friend of Sir Thomas's, Williams/ The man gave her a curious look. ( > Yes, my lady, I was aware of that," he said. This surprised Lucy a little, but for the moment she took so notice of it "And 4 therefore," she want on, 1 the best rooms should have been got ready. Mrs. Freshwater ought to have known that. However, (perhaps she will change afterwards. Jock,1 will just run upstairs and see that everything is right." As she turnea towards the great staircase, so saying, she ran almost into her husband's arms. Sir Tom had appeared from a side door, where he had been on the watoh, and it was oertain that bfs face bore some traces of the new event that had ham^ned. He was not at his ease as usual. He laughed a little uncomfortable laugh, and put his hand on Lucy's shoulder as she brushed against him. "There,"'he said, "that will do: don't be in such a hurry/ arresting her in full career. "Ob, Tom I" Lucy, for ber part, looked at her husband with the greatest relief and happiness. There had been a cloud between them, which had been more grievous to her than anything else in the world. She had felt hourly compelled to stand up before him, and tell hun that she must do what be desired ber not to do. The consternation and pain acd wrath that had risen over his face after that painful interview had not passed away through all the intervening time. There had been a sort of desperation in her mind when she went to Mr. Rushton, a feeling that she so hated the duty which had risen like a ghost between her husband and herself, that she must do it at all hazards and withoat delay. Bat this cloqd had entirely departed from Sir Tom's countenance. There was a little suffusion of colour upon it now which was unusual to him. Had it been anybody but Sir Tom, ft would have looked like embarrassment, shyness mingled with a oertain self-ridicule and sense of the ludicrous in the position altogether. He caught his wife in his arms and met her eyes witn a certain laughing shamefaoedness, " Don't," he said, " be in such a hurry, Lucy. Ces dames have gone to their rooms; they have been travelling all night, and they are not tit to be seen. It is only silly little English girls like you, that can bear to be looked at at all times and seasons." And with this he stooped over her aud gave her a kiss on ber forehead, tc Lucy's delight, yet horror—before Williams, who looked ou approving, and the footman with the trapB, ana Jock and all! But what a load it took off her breast 1 He was not any longer vexed or disturbed or angry. He was indeed conciliatory and apologetic, but Lucy only saw that he was kind. 4 "Poor lady," cried Lucy, 4 has she been travelling all night ? And I am so sorry Bhe has been put into the east wing. If I had been at home I should have eaid the blue rooms, Tom, which you know are the nicest " 1 1 1 think they are quite comfortable, my dear," said Sir Tom, with that little Tun of laughter which was half serious, "you may be sure they will ask for anything they want. They are quite accustomed to making themselves at home." "Oh, I hope so, Tom," said Lucy, "but don't you think it would be more luuie polite, UIUID more respectful, if I were to go and ask if they have everything? Mrs. Freshwater is very well you know, Tom, but the mistress of the house——" He gave her another little hug, and laughed again. "No," he eaid, "you may be sure Madame Formo-Populo is not going to let you Bee her till she has repaired all ravages. It was extremely indiscreet of me to go to the station," he continued, still with that 4 chuckle, leading Lucy away. 4 1 had forgotten all these precautions alter a few years of you, Lucy. I was received with a shriek of horror and a double v^L'' Lucy looked at him with great surprise, asking—"Why? wasn't she glad to see you ? with incipient indignation and a sense of grievance, " Not at all," cried Sir Tom, " indeed I heard her mutter something about English savagery. The Contessa expresses herself strongly sometimes. Freshwater and her maid, and the excellent breakfast Williams has ordered, knowing her ways" " Does Williams know her ways ?" asked Lucy, wondering. There was not the faintest gleam of suspicion in her mind ; but she was surprised, and her husband bit his lip for a moment, yet laughed still. " He knows those sort of people," he said. "I was very much about in society at one time you must know, Lucy, thoucn I am such a steady old fellow now. Wo know something of most countries in these dayB. We were biai it;, he and I, in various nlaces. Don't tell Mis. Williams, my love." Ho laughed almost violently at this mild joke, ana Lucy looked surprised. But still no shadow came upon her simole countenance, Lucy was like Dcsdemona, and did not believe that there were such women. She thought it was "fun,"such fun as she sometimes saw in the newspapers, and considered as vulgar as it was foolish. Such words could not be used in respect to anything Sir Tom said, but even in her husband it was not quiet disdain, but it never occurred to her that she might require to be kept in the dark too. "I daresay most of what you are talking is nonsense," she said; "but if Madame Formo "—Lucy was not very sure of the name, and hesitated—" is really very tired, perhaps it may be kindest not to disturb her. I hope she will go to bed, and get a thorough rest. Did she not '£et your second letter, Tom ? and what a thing it is that dear baby is so much better, and that we can really pay a little attention to her." 4 4 Either she did not get my letter, or I didn't write. I cannot say which it was, Lucy. But now wc have got her we must ay attention to her, as you say. You will E ave to get up a few dinner parties, and ask some people to stay. She will like to see the humours of the wilderness while Bhe is in it" 4 4 The wilderness !—but, Tom, everybody Bays society is so good in our county." " Everybody does not know the Formo- Populo," cried Sir Tom, and then he burst out into a great laugh. " I wonder what Her Grace will say to the Contessa; they have encountered each other before now." 4 1 Must we ask the Duchess." cried Lucy, with awe and alarm, coming a little nearer to her husband's side. 4 But Sir Tom did nothing but laugh. 4 I've seen a few passages of arms," he said. " By Jove, you aon't know what war is till you see two at it tooth and nail. Two— what, Lucy ? Oh, I mean fine ladies ; they have no mercy. Her Grace will set her claws into the fair countess. And as for the Formo Populo herself"— "Dear Tom," said Lucy, with gentle gravity, " Is it nice to speak of ladies so ? If any one called me the Randolph, I should be, oh so"-^— 4 4 You I" cried her husband, with a hot and angry colour rising to hia very hair; aud then he perceived that be was betraying himself, and paused. " You see. my love, that's different" he said. "Madame de Formo-Populo is—an old stager; and you are very young, and nobody ever thought of you but with—respect, my dear. Yes, thafa the word, Lucy, though you are only a bit of a girl." " Tom," said Lucy, with great dignity," I have you to take care of me, and I have never been alone in the world. But, dear, if this poor lady has no one—and I suppose she is a widow, is she not. Torn?" He nad been listening to her almost with emotion—with a half-abashed look, full of fondness and admiration. But at this question he drew back a little, with a sort of stagger, and burst into a wild fit of laughter. When lie came to himself wiping his eves: he was, there could be no doubt, ashamed of himself. " I beg you ten thousand 4 pardons," he cried. 1 Lucy, my darling t Yes. yes—I suppose she is—a widow, as you say. Lucy looked at him wMle he laughed, with profound gravity, without the slightest inclination to join in his merriment, which is a thing which has a very uncomfortable effect She waited till he was done, with a mixture of wonder and disapproval in her seriousness, looking at his laughter as at some phenomenon which Bhe did not understand. I have often heard gentlemen," she said, "talk about widows as If it were a sort of feel all the other way," said Lucy, should think I could never do enough to make it up, if that were possible, and to make them forget. Is it their fault that they are left desolate, that a man should laugh." She turned away from her husband with a soft superiority of innoconce and true feeling which struck nim dumb. He begged her pardon in the most abject way; and then be left her for a moment quietly, and had his laugh out But he was ashamed of 4 himself all the same. 1 1 wonder what she will say when she sees tho Formo-Populo," he said to himself. once to a ^ -. - - . -- become a successful iawyerf"'"It nlmply srlaes from her invariable bablt of giving lit; opinion without any pay," answered tlie Judge. There are two classes of disappointed lovers— those who are disappointed before marriage and tbe more unbappy ones who are disappointed after it. In an exchange newspaper a gentleman proposes to exchange an old and reliable bunion for a modem sort of barometer that will not get so excited at every little shower of rala that comes. 