TOPICS IBROUGIIP TO A POINT. \--o So they banlquoted I arry Thomas on Thursday oveninga. r Christio mado an able chairman. The supper was grand, and so wore thoafter dilueor spooeechos, Mr Speod ably responded for the ladios. All wero ofopinion that Mr Thomas will be sorry to leave this lParadiso rogained, like that- They nll said he had left his " foot. prints on the sands of time," ospooially about I [eatheoto and Spriug Croeek, Strolling down the street last Salturday, whoen apIproalhing the Town Hall I heardiat greatilnoiso. At first I thought it was an uo tion sale going on. the more so as I saw a knight of the hammner facing the crowd, buton applying the ficulty of hearing, I found it was only a mooting of the agrioul turelsodiety, and the cause of all the noise was one memnber trying to explain to his brother members what was really a wag gonette. 'thoothernight having ooeasion to go down the street, I saw a young man Dlay ing the part of'a ghost, bat ho was a very poor spcimen of the spirit world, for on being spokon to he oven oecelled IIowitt in doing one hundred yards, Able spoeclls and goo I singining charan terised the meeooting of the Bllho Ribbon Army. One speaker had evildently road up thoe routiniselenes of a drunkard, be cause lie told the audience he neiver know the taste ofintoxicating d, inks, ,uod hoped heo nver would. ([f ho bail he would not be a membeir of' the army.) Oneo nOlnboer of thie rmy wolt tlo other day into an ho tol and called ti'r a long ocor, puts in a lit tlo ginger, and thon says lhe is drikingkin gingorl Il. Oh, thii wicked world. And, even they aFre going to take away our Sergeant of Polliceo. What is our loss will be .\\[nryborouglh's-gain. Th oForestrs' and )ddlfullowa' Ball is the tople of conllversationl amiong the young folks now, Next W\dnesday it will bo a thing of the past, eXOcelt saying how some ocinjoyed the supper and others en joyed the dancing, and how this one Ilirted, anid liow nice thait on looked; and so onl, i alter dina?ert sielochuas our railtway and watoer scohemen got brought up, and that is aborit the only pleos you .hoar of theln, .I venture to suippose that the whis key requires a lititle -wator, and then things gt onil so fast that Ithe speoakers iln agine thy aire on the railwiay, but never to lleathootoe, 0, GA1R. 