OFFIce orF Cl.:Rc or PE TY'-S?n RIsNS..-we Uhan bleen requested to state that the oflicotof the clerk of petty-seasiens will be closed this day, in order to make up the aecounts for the present quarter. Nr?YtL ENTEnTAINMr.NT.--Meors. Bailey and Kerr, will open iniAuburn-street to.uight an entertainment, combining theo sale of American novelties with a display of amusing conjuring tricks, to which the public are invited free. AMATEUn POULTnY, PIOEON, AND CANARY SOCIETY. -A meoting of persons desirous of joining or sup. porting a society as above.named is is invited for Monday evening next at Mr. Main's Oddfellows' Arms. BEnRlIMA COAeL-,INE.-TnIAL oi COArt FROM Te New SCaM.--Ve mentioned some time ago that a now seam of coal had been opened. in this mine above the original workings. This is of-a quality different from that of the old seam., The latter is bituminous, and did not find favour for some purposes. The coal, from thli new seam is semni bituminons, burns freely to a white ashl, without clinkers, and appears to be' an excellent steaming coal. A trial of sir tons has jnst been made at Messrs. Hayes' steam flour-mills in Goulbnrn, with results entirely satisfactory. We are authorised by Mr. J. Hayes to state that lie was ngreeably satr prised at the result, a previous trial of coal from the old seam having rather prejudiced him against thes Borrima coal. He finds the coal from the new seamr to be entirely difforent in chaacter.. He describes it as good strong steanming coal, urning very freely, without clinkers, and leaving only a , white ash ; he is well satisfied with it, and is prepared to use it regularly, .whichhle could not do with the coal originally supplied.from this mino.,:;We satisfied ourselves by inspection that the foregoing docorip. tion of the coal is correct, and we are very glad to publish the, result of this trial, as it. will.doubtless be the means of bringing the coal into use, and thuse beofiltiug. not merely the company who have persevered against many discouragements, but also the district at largo.. It is believed that the sca'nin question, which is ten feet thick. extends over the whole of the company's property. ,1000 acres; and it is estimated to contain 10,000,000. tons.: Mr.. Hamiltons, theo now mansager, who: discovered thisl scam, has also discovered a bed of excellent fire. clay on'the ground, and lhas ascertained that the Lithgow valley .coal-cam extends under- the pro. party at a depth of forty feet below the old workings. Great. improvemonts -iu regard tothe plant have lately boon mado at theo mine, aild the company is now in a position to put outtif required four or five hundred tins a day.- Their present outpiut is about eighty tons, but with results from the now seam so satisfactory- as those above mentioned, this output may be expected to rapidly increnase. - r , A :A- Ple,I A'AND 'FANoCY Jr lESa' BA.T; il -cnection with the Argyle Lodge G. U. O0.of Oddfollows took Splaco in the hall of lthe mioohneliis' inistittod last: :ikht. About filty couples wero't present.: The dresses were tasteful, and tlia' affair altogether weoll got up. .... " TinU LATr -FATAL Guis ACeIniNT.-- W learn from the Queanboyan Times that' Mr. Parr, coroner,' hold an inquest on Tuesday last at Half-Way Croek, near Biungeudore, on the body of James Orowloy,-a youth off seventoon, whlodse trrible 'death- by a gunshot wound was recorded in laslssus. TlThe evidonco of Roland James Crowley, brother of deceased, showed bhat the- deceased, hiself,' and Johnu' Pratt were going shooting about eight o'olock'the previous even ing; deceased put a conpon' his gunn and wont ou?: side-the house and snapped it ;' he then came in and put a piece of rag on the ramrod and wiped tlhe gun out s the gun did not go off when the' gun snappedu -deceased then put the nipple of the pun to acasndle and put his smouth to the mnzzle of the gun and with his breath drew the flame of the candle up the nipple of the gun.; the- gun thae wont- off and do. ooased fell deiad ; it had been the habit of decoased. and brother when-washing out their guns to; draw the flame of a candle through the nipple to dry tIh -barrel; deceased had loaded'the gun on the previous: Thursday night, but the cap had been taken off and they had forgotten that itiwas loaded; -just as do ocased was putting the gun to the candle his brother 'said,;" look out, it might be loaded;" lie did not then know the gun was loaded, and just as lie spoke thla g:un went off.-Dr. Richardson testified to the nature of thel injuries ; . the mouth was blackened,. there was a'large'wound at tise base of the sklll, and -th upper two vertebrem of the spins were broke into small pieces ; such a wound would anuse instant deathl- The jury returned a verdict of accidentally shot. . . ' .. C OMMIITrTA ro TAI'a:Or A COONTn'a POSTMA11TEn., \--We learn from this Yess Courier that os Thursday -'last before th Yases pollco.magistrato, Francis, Do Costa Aria of Yass,, postmaster;, was ;clare(ld for; that he did unlawfully; knowingly, designedly, and ,falsely pretend,to:-William .Comins that a cortaisn paper, document, or.writing then placed beforoehint for signiature was .merely a matter of form to: a certain life assurance sooipty, by meana. of whichs ..said false prIeteneo the said F. D. . Aria did then inlawfully, obtain tihe signature of the sald,?illiait Coinins to a certain 'valuable socurity, 3 to ,wit, a eoortain letter of guarateo, - dated 20th. September, 1881, addressed to the Oriental Bank,.:Oolblurn, to enablotheo said F. :D. C.- Aria. to obtain .froni. the .said bank thoesnm of £700, with intent to defraud, whereas, in truth and in :fact,: tlhe said.,lettir of gunarauteeo wn not merely a matter of- forme t. a certain lifo assurance soeicty,- a hlie :tlh, aid F..D. CO. -Aria than wellknow. Mr. Wilkinson appeared; for the prosecution.; Mr. Ioeton of ase and iMr. Davidson of Goulbrnia appeargd ou.;n bohalf of the aoosed,- .Mr, 'Wilkinsons opened thi.e ase, and -.pointoadout thl alaw relatiungslthereto, sreadislgl the Act 25' Via. No ,.1. . Mrilklehiuson thou aned the Slttlerof credit to the Orlntal. Bank, whlich purported -to s ,hsigned by, -Williau..,Qunliil, ,John ,C urran, Matthew .Grieve;! and Jolhn Collines. lAftortaling evidenco for the prosooltiolnand for the defenleo, anl ,,hoadiingMr, Davidson and Mr,?VWllinson, th lis hol committed lthe nouseed to take sla.trinl at thlinoxt Scirouitlcourtlto be holdelat- Yasse. Ball alllowed na-cusod in,,lC 200, anditwo sureties in :£100 oach, ou Sone surety, in £200.- Mr, Dodds and ,Mr. P. Johnseto became surotlos:forthioe accused,:. , Ti?n BnAnwoon PUBItto Sonoor..-Wo,;aro .in. :formed that owing! to,: tlhe, represoenttions of Mr lhyrie, as soon as the now public school inlBraidwood Is completed (which willl not be very long iow;, ; asn 1fMr. Isloy, the contractsorppius?hing on: the worlk al -.fast as.he can) the governimueiot.iitsndd to isl:.lo iteA ssaperiir puhlto.,sclol. Thlis will boa greaontbooni 1nt Oii3 1,to' lis dinlstriot, but e to tllo :lelghboussing districts Olss;Ilt afi diiig partmuttl0 o h po?tinithly of gieilig tliir' hIdren'?an filnl lodechliatlisinwIlthout ,belig' pit t to thi exijtqso6f seidling 'themi to thli Isnatropoll s,-BrAidwood Dispatltc;h ' , 1' ' " Av Ismiieomrtser D:isii d;-As ln'mpdrtsstl litbouht eose, whichbs has ocsuieid thlo 'attgmitln df: thI bonosl ,t.Notwcas 1ot sadme tli wae ilbe8 1 ido littiaoday. Tlhonmas LJuosuen, oigegehd "ii lthis ol: esisultii? IilytliO aenlt of olaTrl hlis selttisg Wairk, Iseial rlsged bi:cakisi 0tile c'lisgghusant; He ani h btiihblniraidY hadlhees sbppullied t?it paqgc asnd othoalt"dvAnose, biut after woprlhilg aie nig 1 set I lir li es isis si work, ieo waiiioromas ovr,'in lalpalihlar g$;ag of work?clslioi iid aoa' told liheo woauld lisv to. waloIcn dialu I night shift daef rilts itilesdidi)hual lie woe li eisgacd o at aiosiso at layeaw'li at tlihro glhssioos sar' i'dl, hut tha r ianted himhni a do islecicou-hriulH cou 's.-le"that lfichre had be6a wsrongly\ i.ois~bntod to "sliss, and lhe tlihrseore lloll Aflte two dajt' hdariig, the slieise, liy a mnjtrity :ofoole" deieldt6d' fetr' tle ',p'opcdittionm, and'dofenlant iv'ns sent to jal f1si two i mintbhi' hard lhaogtlort r he clnsg iiro 'fsotbnl made , a'i us.' e lnindor thd Ag'coetsesits Vanlldotliag Act. T? grams tba . ~ Is,'Horlld., I ot: ris. apoiled thoa la lIona oat hlio lpopi. eionl" )of Albinia ihaveo Invited' Austrlias aunnex .-iGH 8T8,-.Aii+ attemnpt is bolng sudids in the old imountry to revive thie beolieof i viasltants frdsit alnothim ,world and many are the wondeirful stories thdit fill ,uomnoof theojournals. The scepitleal nind Id, hoiw. aovr, inclinde to aldopt f8roogo's remarli tu Mairloey' gisost: "How o I low tlhat. yon are nmt a bit of sndigeatod bread ?" for, of all tljo ghost lproaedrarsi i hit. of "heavy'" broad is the imost pIotnt, It ha n wondir, theref-ore, thalt 'people do not adonpt ? ia sllirat sh)Ull againsht ghosts bIy uIslig Borwiki's aeld 'iodal ahking lIowdelor in mnakig broad; .fo, ohlotnhl it won't 'aales ghodss,' It will rise bread ii Iii imost audmlrabla fashioii. E~ery so dtitoric looper hsas It by 'hluhins, 'iild ove'yory gdd hiouswlifo buys it. -As'., 1.2084 ··. ' ' .: 4:L :?r L 