THE .WESLEYAN' CONFERENCE. The tenth Conference of the ''South Australian Wesleyan Methodist Church was commenced in the Pirie-street ChurcH on Wednesday, January 17. ' Th« retiring President fRev. R. S. Caselv) con ducted the preliminary devotions, at wtucn a l irg i number of persons were present, the body of tHa chmch being fairly well filled. Prayer was off ;red by the^Eevs. J. Bickford, T. Eastern, C. Lane, J. B. Stechenson, and Messrs. J: Scott and J. Langsford. T.he roll haying been called it was found that all trie miniiteM' -were present except the Bev. J. Langsford, who was on his way, and Rev. W. tewart, of Palmereton. The Hev. TL S. Caselt then. gave the following address : — '?Bear Brethren— It has been customary for the President when retiring from this chair to address a few words to the Conlerence and briefly to review the labours of the year. The ex-President (Mr. Steph'enson) did this twelve months since in an inte resting and more than usually exhaustive manner. I would personally have preferred to follow the example of my predecessors in this particular, but last Conference decided ' that the President on the eve of vacating the chair shall deliver an annual address.' The resolution, is- not very clearly «x pressed, but I assume it to mean that in addition to ,ihe usual review of the work in which as a Chureh we have engaged. I should add - a- few remarks on some things to which the work of the year has called attention, and ?which may here be publicly stated. I must, how ever, say that whatever I may advance most be accepted as conveying only opinions for which I am solely responsible, and which in part, oraltogether, the Conference may accept or disapprove: I would mention with gratitude the kindness of the brethren with most of whom I have officially had more or less to do, and I wish particularly to acknowledge the help in various directions' the ex-President has always generously, kindly, and readily given. ^ There have been occasions when it has been particular]} valuable. I pTirpose now briefly to look back on what has been done by us during the past year, and to offer two or three suggestions that I think will be in place on this occasion. 'First in Eeview.-r-Our review. of the Methodistic year must brin? before us facts, both respecting material and spiritual things, that are higbiy gratifying. So far as results can be tabulated, I question whether in any former year we have had more abundant evidence of progress. I refer first to building operations. In Pirie-street, Archer street, Kent Town, and Glenelg Circuits, then in Kooringa, Moonta, and Kadina, we have under taken work, and in most instances have now about completed it, that has involved' very considerable outlay. Taken altogether, and including the cost of the eclareement of Prince Alfred College, I suppose the outlay has been above rather than under £17,000. I do not say this large sum of money has been raised, but in most cases what is regarded as a fair proportion of it has. In each instance, I think, the buildings ereeted have been much needed, and our trustees have acted with prudence, and yet with laudable enterprise. There has also been in many circuits a gradual reduction of trust debt In this respect we are vear by year improving oar position, so that some burdens once very oppressive have been greatly reduced. There are one or two in stances of this kind of a very gratifying nature. Our Connexions! funds have been well sustained. With out the help of our Home Mission and Contingent Fund we should be unable to continue our labours in some circuits, and in others should be greatly crippled; but this year we had such a total of income at our disposal as enabled us to meet all our pressing claims, and some of them with a degree ot liberality that both surprised and encouraged the recipients. We have circuita where the financial difficulties are likely to continue for some time yet, and in the nsual course of thing3 we shall require assistance for those who will be called on to provide : ? houses for Banisters who soon will enter upon ' fnll Connexion.' I mention this that the necessity for well-sustained effort in support of Connexiooal Funds, may be understood. Oar Home Mission Fund' must be generously and yet very wisely ad ministered. '' On the one band, we must cheerfully help the weak, and those circuits coping with early difficulties, or struggling in areas where the harvests are poor ; on the other hand, we must strive to avoid 'pauperizing' any one place; or of encouraging by our 'own 'gifts a dependence on Home Mission -Fand-snpport,- whilst -efforts toward development and ia the direction of independence are Jieglected. We. have during: the year obtained frro young .brethren' fronrTEngland— one has been sent to -Western' Australia, .the : other; into tha' Northern 1 istrict We have sent home 'also for two others. Four candidates passed the Southern District Meet ing, and are recommended as probationer^ to this Conference ; and the names, of two :or three who seek a riace in our ministry will coma before you at he proper time. ? Bequests for miniiters,-will be laid before Conference from several circuits, and if it is' held to be desirable to meet each call- -and to ; receive each applicant our a*ility-fb supply 'will, I ; think, be quite equal to the dem&nd.; 'It is with great pleasure I state that our increase, of members is unusually large, and it is satisfactory to find upon an examination of the returns the .progress . thus indicated is safe and reliable. For this we give ? prayerful heartfelt thanks to Almighty God; We ? find also that old- fashioned Msthodist agencies— the methods our fathers before : na adopted— : are still, with God's blessing, effective. We neither require :? sensational efforts, not' altered organiza tions, nor new doctrines to enable us to secure the conversion . of men — old Methodism well worked, i the. old Gospel faithfully, earnestly preached, the . power of the Holy Ghost working through godly, prayerful men ia all -we need— is all we seek. We sbalJ; howerer, all agree in thi£— that it is very often necessary- to 'compel' men to coine from the highway and. hedges to the Gospel ; feast. Mr. Wesley went among the masses and preached to them'; ourfathersmadeuseof cottage and outdoor, services in order to reach the unsaved; and we know it to be necessary no iv, in order to succeed, that we should be diligent in season and ont of season. If there are to be found waters in which no other fishermen are toiling, there we must cast our ' net, and rest not till we draw- the fish to the shore. There are no better, examples of successful porkers than Methodism has had and still employs. Towards those who' aim at something sensational or novel, who try. new plans, who decorate the'r workers in ribbon' or in brass; I have nothing but what is friendly to; say. So far as they are doing God's work I rejoice ;' if in some things they fail, 1 am not surprised, yet I do not erasure; but for ourselves I repeat I: believe we want no change in doctrine, in organiza tion, in methods ; but we' do want 'vigour every where—the living energy of Divine love, and a sense of personal responsibility to God that will make us, diligent in duty, even where no human supervision can come. ''First Suggestion.— As to membership. I think it will be appropriate here and now to refer to an oft-repeated fact that probably has given U3 each in turn cause to regret. It is not at all an unusual thing for those- who have- been. members with us perhaps for years to moat unceremonious!^ with draw from the fellowship of our Ghurch. It is very rarely such persbrs mention the matter to the minister of the circuit 7 in some cases the leader ofi the class is not only not consulted, bnt is not in formed of the fact at all.- The slightest little un pleasantness is held to be sufficient excuse for such a course. Some fancied offence, some imagined slight, on the part of leading members, some trifling grievance, real or supposed, is enough to cause wounded pride, and -then with drawal from our ranks. ' In other cases it is some novelty in the religious world that charms them away ; a new division springs into existence, a new minister comes to the front, the chance of prominent position elsewhere dazzles, and away go those who owe thtir little all of spiritual gain to Methodism, and by these Methodism is always afterwards held as to blame for the step they have taken. The ministers or the member s are at fault, or else the form of Church government is defective. The spiritual life is too feeble for them, or the means of doing good are too restricted. The fault is never with themselves, but always with some other. Yet are we wholly without excuse for much of this? I fear not. That men leave our Church for very much less reason than they would leave a Bechabite Club or an Oddfellows' Lodge perhaps in part arises from the fact that to enter or leave our Societies is far too easily accomplished, and we, I think, too seldom set forth in our preaching the seriousness both such acts demand. The obligations of membership are not understood. With many who leave us there is no sense of bond in Church fellowship no sense of the claims gratitude should awaken, or of the family tie all Churches recognise. They have no perception of the sacredness of such relations, ana we co not frequentlv insist on these particulars. Some treat lightly, because they know no better how to act, their union with the people of God, that . should never be disturbed without strong reason, and then only with prayerful deliberateness. Dr. Cave, in bis ^ Primitive Christianity,' -says, speaking of the early Christians :— ' Within themselves they maintained the most admirable peace and harmony, and were of one heart and soul. They lived in the strictest amity, and abhorred all division as a plague and firebrand.' And Mr. Wesley, writing on this subject, says:— 'To separate ourselves, irom a body of living Christians with whom we were before united is a grievous' breach of the law of love. - The- pretences for separation may be innumerable, but -want of love is always the real cause.' On this important question there is much reason that we should speak with fidelity. :P03sibly our leaders are not careful enough in this matter. In writing-up quarterly the names of the members in the class-book it is very easy indeed to drop a name from the lists, and to heed not an act so likely to be followed by serious results. By such an easy omission men are, so far as we are con cerned,, shut out of our Church, and in time they are forgotten. I hold that no leader is justified in doing this. If what Is practically the expulsion of a member is resolved on, it should, after due care, be the act of the pastor of the Church, who must himself be responsible to the great head of th« Church for so solemn and grave an act. 'The power of admission into the Church, of reproof, of exhortation, and of excision from it, subject to various guards against abuses, is in the pastors of a Church. L venture also to add that we have those worshipping_ constantly withuB, generously supporting our institutions, and living Christian lives, who are members of Christ's Church, but who are not recognised as members in our branch of it. Whatever may be the reason that hinders their closer union with us, we owe them pastoral, care, and that watchfulness over their spiritual concerns our relation to them clearly demands. ' I know that we have by the preparation of a form of service for the admission of members sought to lessen the evil I speak of ; bnt we have not by any means generally adopted it, and I fear our people are not educated to see the necessity and the wisdom of demanding it. ' Second Suggestion. — I turn no w for a moment to a second pointTbearing on the duties pertaining to our office, and which, I think, is somewhat neglected by us. I am not alone in the opinion that we, neither in our private studies nor in preaching, give sufficient thought nor prominence to our theology. 1 will mention some of the facts my own experience furnishes that jnstify this view. I find very few among the senior scholars in our Sunday-schools -ho readily answer questions on theological sub jects. Young men come up as candidates for our ministry after having been in some cases local preachers for two or three years, and the replies they give in their examinations are often nothing more than disclosures of the little they know of the questions treated. Indeed, 1 think we sometimes find at the end of four years' probation that the knowledge gained is scanty and superficial. It is sometimes pleaded that nervousness on such occasions unfits men for their examinations, but often nervousness is onlv another term for unDreuaredness. A man fully conversant with any subject— one wno under stands it thoroughly— will not iear being questioned upon it. Does it not frequently follow that theolo fucal studies are set aside when the final examina tion, is passed? Then, if I mistake not, there is little 01 decidedly doctrinal preaching heard from cur pulpits. I do not mean that doctrinal religion is cot taught, but it is seldom distinctively, perhaps ' never sjstematically, presented. The cause is not hard to trace. Our itinerant system is charged with the blame. If we are to Wame— if it ia. as I think, a blemish— teen I urge that, lika.:wny. an excuse we make, it is only a very little better than hating no excuse at all. ItisttrgedagmuMtthaieachontfcmong the Salvation Army that their theology, so far as it is taueht at all. is very uncertain and hazy, and tha'. in tarrxing on their great work men are moved more_ liy appeals to thtir emotional natures thanf fhroiigh facts that should also sway the judgment. Even if ' the indictzrehtis true, those as the head of thit ?work inay plead that they have mainly to-dtr with men, in such a motil condition thit through- the heartfrather thin Die head they can alone succeea. I Lold that both heart and head need to be appealed - to and to De cultured. Jf we are. to develop true Christian manhood men must learn to digest strong meat as well as the milk that, babes require. In the early days of .Methodism both preachers and people were far more polemic than we are. They held and taught doctrines, then by some noted men re-anted as unsoriptu'al, charges were hurted at them by antagonists who were not always very courteous iu thtir style, even if they were not unjust in their charges. Doubtless they sometimes fourd in Methodism a mode of reply not much unlike their own attack. I quote an instance our own Mr. Christophers gives relating to the doctrmal strife between the disciples of such teachers as the late Dr. Hawker, of Plymouth, and their Armenian opponents. He says : — ' The face of one old Arme nian is still remembered in the West of England— one who was always apt at argument, but who was inexhaustible, too, in his use of sarcasm where argument seemed to be fruitless. He was seen one Sunday morning just outside the door of the Cal vanist Chapel bending over the margin of a- filthy pooL As the congregation came out he was in the act of stirring ut- the stagnant wat9r with a long stick. 'What are you looking for 7 said his theological antagonists, as they gathered round him. 'I am searching,' said he without looking up, but still stirring up the mod, ' I am searching for the eternal decrees.' But the theology Mr. Wesley taught stands to-day in his sermons, so clearly expressed, so in accord with Scriptural teaching, that we cannot improve it/ We do not feel that we are hampered by it ; to-day we cordially, intelligently accept it. Mr. Wesley's logic and Mr. Fletcher's clearness and sweetness more than sufficed to enable early Methodists to hold their ground against all comer*. But they and many who followed truly, studiously ' gave heed to doctrrne.' I readily admit that on many doctrinal questions there is more of general agreement among tbe Churches bow- than there' was in the daysio which I refer. But we are, not to teach doctrine merely to show the nature of our views, but that men may be built up with truth, to possess clear Scriptural teaching, and to understand 'sound words.' It is the practical bearing of tins I chiefly seek to enforce, and ? which ? we must try to weave into the web and woof of life. Perhaps in srane measure the manner in which membership is regarded partly arises from th& lack of Scriptural knowledge. Not unfrequently it ia said, as though 'twere charitable so to speak 0/ the Churches — 'Ah, well, we are all going one way,' as though the doctrinal opinions that divide us were of no importance. Then others sneer at creeds, and urge 'so that a man loves God it does not matter what he believes.' Of course love to God ia all important, but there may be God-loving Mormons, ?with an otherwise abhorrent theology. There may be a God-loving Unitarian holding some views I should dread to see becoming popular. Pro fessedly religious men have helddoctriaea under the sanction of which they have done cruel deeds, and have acted generally as men fit rather for the asylum or the prison cell than for- a ' place among sober persons. We need to give heed to doctrine. Though I think we shall clearly set forth doctrinal subjects from the pulpit, I do not urge that we shruld preach in a controversial manner or tone. Whilst we should declare that which we do most certainly believe, we need not be anxious to state all that is said against the views we hold. We do not stand in the pupit to show how utterly weak those who differ from us are in our estinate, or to exhibit our skill as logical athletes. To earnestly, and if possible convincingly, set forth tiuth. is fat more important than to prove another tau rthodoz.; . To speak .with the force con viction supi liea ia better than to raise a doubt, even though, we may prove its error. To knock down an old shanty I ecanse for sanitary reasons it is desirable to do so may be a wise step, but it requires far more skill and it is far higher work to rear up a palace or a noble halL I urge we have not so much to do in the way of demolitionas inlaying good foundations, and then building thereon with 'gold ana silver and precious stones.' We sometimes' kick dead dogs rather than nourish the lambs! We rnieditite among the tombs' when we might be belter engaged in feeding the hungry. We'leam with pleasure that tbe British Conference, has issued lately*, a new editipn of the ' Catechism,^ which, undoubtedly is an excellent pi^''ft}, and a great improvement on its nredecessor. Still, what is it m re thah'an index of the subjects of which it treats? The teachers of cur schools will be far wiser men if they caref ally study it, but my conviction is that_ we should assist them in tins airecupu — uiab wu. suuiuu. aiupiujr u* ujr addresses or by ; lectures on the ' subjects taught, and in some degree help 'them to understand how vast and how important the' truths : are, we are supposed most firmly to believes- While thus stating my case, I may mention a wish not un frequsntly expressed by; my' brethren, namely, that 1 we had is in our power to secure and support a ; theological tutor for the- young men -who 'offer for ; our ministry. Sooner or later we ' must ' accomplish - this, and the sooner the better. So far as? we can ? we must see to it that we send them to 'their life's j mission fully equipped for the highest as well aa the j hardest service ; and, as a rule, it will, I believe, be { found to be far better for us to train our own y6ung ; men than to obtain them from 'England. The ? greatest gift God could bestow 'upon' us would be ! young men of talent, of zeal? of enterprise,: of spot- ! less character and unquestionable piety. Then, if ; we can give them adequate theological and literary i culture they will repay us a hundredfold, and, by j God's blessing, carry to' multitudes around the* salvation of the GospeL ' ' '.-'.?'. i ' Suggestion Third.— I venture to add just one I remark more. I see year by year how increasingly necessary it is that we should seek by all possible i means to increase the staff of our local preachers. ; South Australian. Methodism 'has in. its local preachers' ranks some most able and very worthy I men. They have rendered incalculable service to j Our Church, but ta many of them is gradually, ; surely coming the infirmities years bring. They; have net lost their zeal— perhaps they are better preachers to-day than they' ever were1— but in several \ instances ? the day is far spent, and honoured ; and honourable toil awaits .its . sure .reward. : We are not, however, increasing our staff; as our growing demands require. It is very difficult j indeed to fill our pulpits in some of our circuits, and j with paucity of labourers to open new ground is' in 1 -many cases a discouraging task. I think it is bind-; ing on us to encourage any possessing suitable; abilities who may be known to us to unite in this 1 service of preaching the Gospel.; There are some; who could well conduct public worship.rtrat who do! not feel themselves able to preach an extempore' sermon. I think these should be asked to read the published sermons that set forth our views. In thi3 way they conldgreatry assist us. Brethren, you are all aware that spheres of labour axe always open to. us, and if we are ready to seek and to encourage those who are in some degree qualified to help us? we shall be able to send both wide and, far the message of the Gospel. I think in all our work of evangeHzatiott-we mast 'hasten slowly ,r but we must strive to do what we are clearly called to 'with our might' till the shadows of evening lead to the darkness that will soon, very soon, end our day of toil. I need hardly say that in closing this address I welhiigh complete my official duties, and. I shall leave the chair this evening grateful to my brethren for all their kindness to me, grateful for all the success we can speak of, grateful to Almighty God for many, very many, undeserved mercies, and convinced that before us is work angels might covet to engage in, and which we must heartily enter on with clean bands and a pore heart.' Both during the delivery of the addre3S and at its close there was much applause. The election for President was then proceeded with. The votes were as follows (omitting units) :— Bev. C. T. Newman, 4 ; Bev. G. W. Patchell, M.A., 4 ; Bev. B. M. Hnnter, i ; Bev. J. Bickford, 26. The announcement of the numbers was received with great cheering. The ex-President welcomed the BevJ J. Bickford to the chair, and expressed the hope1 that he would have a thoroughly happy and success, ful term of office. The Peesidem iKev. 3. Bickford), addressing the Conference, said that the vote had someVhat taken him by surprise, though some intimation had been made that the choice might fall upon him. Ho did hot need to be assured of the confidence of the ministers, for he knew he had possessed it for many years. Everything indicated that the good hand of God had leen upon him for good. Though his appointment to the Kooringa Circuit during his absence in England was at first distasteful, he had learned to thank God for it. Fifteen months ago he had received an exceptional and abundant spiritual blessing, which abode with him still, and had been of great comfort to him during his stay at Port Adelaide. He avewed his unabated belief in the doctrines he had preached and the discipline he had been connected with so long. His loyalty to the .Conference he had proved. He requested the prayers of the congregation that the proceedings of th« Conference throughout miahfc be made an abundant messing. The election of Secretary next followed, the fol lowing being the votes (units omitted) :— Bev. N. Stubbs, 2: Bev C. T. Newman, 4; Bev. G. W. Patchell, 5 ; Bev. J. Y. Simpson, 7 ; Bev. B. M. Hunter, 17. - . -. . The Bev.- E. M. Hunter congratulated the Presi dent on his election, and referred to their many previous associations and the obligations under which he had thereby been laid. He thanked the brethren for the honour conferred upon him. The Bevs. J. Y. Simpson and A. Stubbs were elected Assistant Secretaries, and the Eev. G. W. PatcheU, M. A., Letter Writer. ?'? Beference was made to the presence of the Bev. T. C. Lanrance, from Western Australia, to which he responded in a racy and effective speech. A very cordial vote of thanks was presented to the ex-President (Bev. B. S. Casely)for the diligent, courteous, and faithful manner in which he had discharged the duties of the position during the past year. Several ministers from various parts of the colony spoke in support of the resolution, tes tifying to the efficient manner in which the duties of the Presidency had been discharged. The Pre sident, in presenting the vote of thanks, handed to Mr. Caiely the usual memorial of a Bible, to be ' suitably inscribed. The Kx-Pbesidest acknowledged^ the kindnesj of tbe expressions used concerning him, and moved a vote of thanks to the Secretary, which was carried unanimously. The hours of session were arranged. It was de cided that the first half-hour of each day be spent in devotional exercises. It was resolved that the Eev. George Minns, who is on a visit to the colony, De invited to attend the session of the Conference. The following are the appointments for next year, as recommended by the Stationary Committee : — L Southern District.— Adelaide (Pirie-street). J. Bunting Stephenson, D. O'Donnell (Draper Memorial), one from England (Thebarton); Ade laide (Archer- street), Bobert S. Casely, James Allen (Brompton), T. B. Angwin, M. A. (Prospect) ; Adelaide (Kent Town and Norwood), Henry T. Burgess, J. Young Simpson (Norwood), T. E. Thomas, M.A. (Payneham), J. H. Hartley ; TJnley, Bobert Kelly, candidate; Glenelg, Thomas Lloyd ; Port Adelaide, James BickforJ, Samuel F. Prior (Semaphore); Gumeracha, Thomas Edmeades; Wfllunga, Paul C. Thomas ; Clarendon, David S. Wylie ; Crafere, one from England ; Mount Barker, Georjre W. Patchell, M. A., candidate; Strathalbyn, Isaiah Perry ; Yankalllla, William H. Eofe ; Slount Gambier, Archibald J. Bogle; Narracoorte, H. Hcnwood Teague ; Millicent, John H. Goss ; King ston, one from England ; Goolwa, Albert Stubbs ; Palmerston, Wiiliam Stewart. n. Middle District— Gawler, Joseph Nicholson ; Kapunda, James Haslam; Angaston, Walter H. Hanton ; Tempters and Freeling, John N. Mills ; Kooringa, Samuel Knight, candidate; Clare, Charles Lane ; Auburn, W. A. Bainger ; Kiverton, W. Benson .Mather ; Hanson, home missionary. TTT. Northern District.— Melrose, Samuel 8. Mon crieff ; Wilmington, George Hall ; Blinman, home missionary ; Port Pine, Charles Goldsmith ; Crystal Brook and Bedhill, B. Gilbart Edwards ; Koolnnga, Themas M. Bowe ; Jamestown, Bobert W. Camp bell ; Laura, James Bead ; Yarcowie, William T. Carter; Port Augusta, Waham Beed ; Quoro,John Nairn ; Oladdie and Walloway (Johnsborg), candi date ; Gumbo wie (Petersburg), Joshua P. Chapman ; Wonoka (Hawker), J.Blichi. IT. Yorke's Peninsula District.— Moonta, S. Morr« Hooter, George JE. £o«B_-Moonte Mines) : Kadina and Wallaroo, Charles T. Newman ; Port WakefieldTJohlTGillin^ham ; Yorketcwn. John H. Trevorrow ; ? Minlaipn, . John 'Watts ; Maitlamd, William A Langsford ; Cunningham, one to be seLt ; Port Lincoln, John. D. Longslord ; Elliston, Jofcn Blacket. _ ' .. . V. Western Australia District.— Perth, Thomas C. Laui-anca, James W. Mouland, V. Boberts (Kreman'le), one from England (GoiMfonl) ; York, William Lowe; Geraldton, Thomas Bird, one from England (Greenough) ; Albany, William 3. Worth. 