CHURCH MISSION, PROSPECT. The memorial-stone of the Mission School Church, Prospect, was laid by Bishop Kennion on Thursday afternoon, November 1, in the presence of about 200 persons. For some time past the residents of Prospect, Oring. ham, Islington, Ka&swortti;, and the sur rounding neighborhood have felt the necessity of erecting a substantial church capable of seating several hundred persona; Miss Whitby's school, which at present is used for public worship, having been found quite inadequate to accommodate the large number of school-children living in the vicinity, but although the matter was frequently referred to nothing practical was done until Messrs. Sanders &. Packard offered the residents a block of land situated in Prospect on which to erect a mission school church. The matter was at once taken in hand by the Rev. F. T. Whit ington and others, and on Messrs. Sanders and Packard and another resident under taking to stand security for the work, it was decided to commence erecting the building at once. The contract price for the shell of the building is slightly under £106. The cost, however, will be considerably increased before everything is finished, as the furniture alone will swallow up £100. The church is not intended to be architecturally ornate, but is only erected to accommodate the residents until such time as the persons connected with the church will feel justified in erecting a more pretentious edifice, The architecture is modern Gothic, and the inner dimensions of the building are as fol lows :—Length, 60 feet; breadth, 30 feet; and height, 15 feet The front wall will be con structed of freestone with brick dressings, while the sides will consist of limestone. The contractor is Mr. Thomas Jenkin Trathan, who presented the foundation-stone, and who hopes to have his portion of the work com pleted in a few weeks' time. On the arrival of His Lordship on Thursday, the choir of St Andrew's, Walkervillc, formed into a proces sion and sang hymn 362. after which they toon up a position on the platform. The Church of England service customary on such occasions having been gone through, his lordship declared the stone laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost He stated that in the service the as eemblage had been taught to allow their hearts and thoughts to go beyond the imme diate occupation in which they had been en gaged, and to think of the building of the gracious God in Heaven, who was erecting a church of the souls of men, which would last for ever. If they would be faithful and true, and live in the belief of our Father, they should not be content with simply hearing of God for the benefit of themselves, but should endeavor to teach others what they had been taught It was because of this desire, this hope which was dear to their heart, that they were engaged in the present very interesting work. It was not necessary to erect a magnificent building, but all that God de sired of them was that they should build an edifice in which should be taught hope and truth, and which would assist others in the generation to come to love their Father, He was very thankful that he hid been requested to take part in the laying of the stone that day. All Saints' Day and the origin of the celebration were interesting to every one, and perhaps more especially to himself. He came to the colony from a place named All Saints, and learned to love God at All Saints' Church. In the celebration of this day he also saw the possible hope of the future generation being still further assisted to remem ber the dear old Church of England. The Rev. F. T. Whitington also delivered an address. He alluded to the reason steps had been taken to erect the church, and gave a brief resume of the expenses that would be incurred by the undertaking. They had not as yet received any large gift towards paying off the expenses, but he trusted that subscrip tions would soon be flowing in. He had also great hopes that in a very short time Prospect wonld be provided with a church similar in size and structure to that of St Paul's, Ade laide. A subscription was then made and a fair sum collected. 