VISTAS. I By Fbancis Mters. I I. 'Tis Christmas time. Take heart of grace and fly. Leave plough and shears and sickle, scrip, stock, and book and ascend. Find your wings, for there is flying in it. We desire to mount and soar through the coming ages, and to land ? in the dream world of a hundred years to come. Never mind the difficulties ; seek for your wings, and they will be found; spread them without question, acd they will bear. 'Tis told of Michael Scott, the wizard, that he made him a living horse once, and got it possessed of the spirit of a devil, which useful locomotive power could propel him through mid-air over land and sea. But the devi had his ways, and did not serve the master willingly. He was a tricky devil, and knew bow much he ould win by certain tricks. They were in mid- air once, the Devil within and the master without; and, quoth the Devil, 'Good master, you are wise, but I pray you a question.' ' Speak on,' Baid Master Michael. ' Canst thou,' said the Devil, ' repeat the paternoster, backwards ?9' 'What is that to thee:' replied Michael, sternly ' Moutt Diabolous anl fly,'* and so sayiDg he smote so sorely with a potent spelt upon the spiritual sensibilities of the fiend that with a shriek like a curlew, and a roar like a jaguar, he rose three circles at a bound, and drove through a thundercloud with lightning Cashes ahead, and loud roll of thunder astern. Reply to that devil of doubt and disability, who vexes you with ihe 'how,' in precisely the same fashion. It is only a black paternoster, he aeks you to repeat. You can soar if you will, an infinity ot possibility is ahead of you , rise, ex plore, is it not Christmas 'ime 'r It were well for you another time to rise to the elfin life, and the fairy land which lies unexplored without your gate, for ah ! believe me, the bells still ring in elfin land, and the fairies troop and dance their mystic riDg, though Thomas the Rhymer be fa»t bound amoDest them, and no mortal now may sing a Fairy Qucene. Elfin land was not blasted when the Christ child was born, though the did blind sing ing gisnt may have been nearly tiue in his sweet « n? of all the departing godc. We have n® snow fields to bear us edelweits, but furely we have mountain dells wh'rein some fairies dwell, acd on some of our marvellously fair waters, a something better than the bunyip lurks. Tbe bunjip! how the old savage dom has poisjned and polluted even the spirit life of the land ! Oithona is the water spirit amongst the hardest people of North Britain. Undine is the name in that German tongue which some fools cull harsh, gutteral, and void of all mui-ic and sweetnefs. These horrid blacks had nothing better than the bunyip to inhabit a waterpool. Poor blacks ! They are very low ; but are they lower than the latest and most cultured mode of spiritism. AVho would not ju t as soon foregather with the very bunyip as with something that raps out lies to him fioui the legs of a table ? Savagedom and civilisation meet there in the degradation of things. Neither of them under stand. What will they do a hundred years hence? A hundred years ! We desire to draw a dream of a hundred years to come. Savagedom will surelv be dead ere that time, and 'tis reasonable enough to conjecture the seacc9 about the round table, tbe mystic cabinet, the planchette, and all other tools of the trade will be retarded as relics of a barbarism not much skin, though just about as low/s that which produced the bunyip and the boomerang, and the smoke and white paint, to drive away the terror created by a poor dead body. But a hundred years to come. We have promised to open up some imaginary vit-tas of that dim time. Expcct no tale; a few paltry iicidents to illustrate a dream is all we promise, and it on the skirts of the dream luiks the Bhadow of a theory, let some wise man grasp tbe theory and fpin from it a tangible and reasonable web of thought. Hark forward then, and descend with us to Awamoio. Awamoio is New Zealand, and it will be seen that the New Zealand name abides, though the last New Zealander may have been gathered to his fathers, or gone to the summit of St. Paul's, that the prophecy might be fulfilled. Awamoio is a home npon the skirts of the town of Lud, the smoke ot whose torment may be seen upon the western bar, woven by the evening spirit to just such a garment as a world «ul might love to wear through hush and flush of even, and the mystic transmutations of the changing lights. Is it the smoke of the city? Nay, we are studying the things of the future with the eyes of the present. There ta neither smoke nor torment in the city of Lud ; or rather we should say, no torment of smoke. Old King Coal is set to labour close to hii own home in the mines, and a little of converted energy is transmitted to the city to be retailed to the housewife, or sold wholesale to whoever desires to carry men by railway or words by wire ; but where rer tides rise and fall, or great rivers run, there is little need of help from the old black king sijwe men have learned many lessons from natnre in the conservation of energy, and every wind that blows ia led into a thousand cunning contrivances whereby it is held as the power of a contracted muscle to deliver blows at will. The carriages run through the streets, with no aid of horse cr whip or rein. The power is in that small box beneath the coachman, who moves the whole attachment at will bv the simple tum of a thumbscrew. The merchant steps from his office and mounts his electric cab. Clang goes the quarter from the pell in the high tower, and from countless perforated blocks in the spotless streets fresh water bubbles and ripples over the whole surface, and there is freshness and fragrance and ease for every man who lives. But where shore meets sea [ about the harbour gates there are huge hills tunnelled and I caverned, and some tew men in the livery of the nation I movjng orderly about, a strange consciousness of power npon e?ch facp thesis justified by the tremendous engines con cealed and controlled. Little fears the town of Lai for any ? foe or any possibility of war or attack. The days of eighty, ton guns are ended. Let the signal of command be given, and that little man in gray will make a connection which shall burl a more potent force than a mountain seawards. With a single pulse of the engines he commands, he could sink Nelson and Devastation like cockle shells, and blow Orient and Austral to fragments and tatters. The city of Lud ia strong, hence proud, and has a loud voice in the council wherefrom the nation of New Zealand speaks to all the Southern world. But what of the home of Awamoio that lies without the city? 'Tis simple; within that home of Awamoio dwells a man by the name of John. He has inherited that home from his sire, who, despite all inventions and advancements in knowledge and skill, died of a cold that settled down on weak longs and devoured them. John has Inherited Awamoio under such conditions as a wise State and a thoughtful parent has fixed. He is bound tu the comfortable support of mother and sisters ; by natural affection it may be said as by statute and parental decree, bat further he is bound as to the rate of wage he shall pay to every labourer ; the treatment he shall give to every acre ; the division that shall be made of all profits and returns ; and this by a State that, through a hundred years, has learned that tbe wisdom of the many is a better governing power than the selfishness and greed or utter careler loess of a few, and that 'tis better to check wrongB by legislation thun to permit them to right themselves by revolution. John Scott is heir to equal portions of wealth and responsibility. He is a strong and a good man, and amply dowered. Do you desire to see him the man of a hundred years hence? Behold him, then, he has not yet grown wings ! Charac teristics now dimly noted have formed and set themselves. The breeding of four generations has made a man of the New Zealander unequalled in all the Southern seaB. He is deep-chested and broad-shouldered, straight and square, brow balanced fairly by chin ; eyes gray, with a glint of blue ; hair brown, with a gleam of gold j face bronzed upon a rose flush ever breaking through. Is it difficult to believe that he is what he believes himself to be— the bulwark of true liberty and civilisation in all the Southern seas, and also tbe heaven-appointed guardian and arbiter of national causes and claims f Of course, he knows the folly of the Englishmen of the old world setting up his pigmy standard in the face of the giants of Europe, and claiming a mono poly of that Anglo-Saxon prestige which, wherever its root may be, draws its strength from the Anglo- Saxondom which now girdles the world ; but despite that, he has within himself, though may be quite unknown to himself, a consciousness of superiority— a cense that he, by virtue of his New Zealand birth, is a little superior to anything Australian. So he stands npon a Christmas day if you will, in the year of 1983\. A typical and representative figure in his little nation of live millions that stands alone, because federation was not accomplished by the conference of 1883, that has several times exchanged notes with the belligerent people of Vic toria, that extends a mild patronage to another little nation of Tasmania, that frowns across at Queensland, lapped in luxurious wealth, but yet the thornbearer of the continent, building up a life 'whose angles grate without meeting upon those of the south. He stands somewhat alone in the huge and barely garnished perspective of our first vista ; he seeks, as it were, a partner. We must aid him in the search and when success has ended effort in that direction we may trust to hear him talk. ? II. Oh, that 'twere possible, After long grief and pain, To find the arms ot my true Iots Bound me oncc again. Tennyson sings, in one of his maudlin moods. But he ia true enough ; poets are always true, when they cease to be true they cease to be poets. It is right pleasant, after long grief and pain, after all the manifold changes and circum stances of a hundred years to awake and look around and say with half surprise ' Why, this iB Sydney !' Yob, there is not the least mistake about it. it is Sydney and all the aldermen are dead. It is Sydney and Christmas Eve and the arms of that old ocean love is around ub as of old. Not a hundred nor a thousand years will unclasp those folding arms of sea, caressing bo fondly, laving so coolly— lapping upon siver beach or solid wall along the thousand miles of coast. No more sewers or rotting flats, or dall coves choked with refuse of shambles. And upon every point see a huge globe of light, white as day, yet calm as nigiit— a son npon etfety hill, a star in every street, and a little point of firs above every door— all white and clear, and pure within as without. No sound of blasphemy or uproar, but neighbours go from house to house and lovers walk on the parks and down the long streets. With a pulse like motion great punkahs swing, making a little breeze that, entering doors and windows, tempers every dwelling. Occasionally a fuller blaze indicates the entrance of a theatre, and from that great hall whoBe foundation was laid under tbat 0lrange government of a hundred yeaie ago, cornea a .i:ne. blast of harmony, the Hallelujah of Handel. Ah' ves the Sunday evening lectures have not yet .Wen that strain from the mind of humanity, though Sunday evening lectures have themselves advanced eome what, and the great multitudes Whose faith hath centre everywhere, Nor cares to fix itself in form. .-.i begin their service with the grand old formula « T^t us worship God.' Tbey would hold it scurrilous, in a£a the law would regard it as criminal, to raise that cry of strife and littleness, «? Let ns abuse the Churches.' Thaaee of abuse seems outerown mall departments. Pro J,! you might even go to Parliament and htd decent ««nners Parliament is out, of- course, and we have no JEo wait till its return. Christmas wanes and fancy's wT like the reindeer steeds of Santa Claus, have only while Christmas holds. Let us get up the hill and Ky to a home we seek, the home that Australian taste and ~u£rl has devel8b*d through the hundred years. You °^he sure it will differ from the New Zealand home as the snowcapped mountain with the glacier brow, irom the river of the tropical savannahs, with the palms upon uVraarcin and the lotus on its breaBt. There on tbat old harbour point it rises for us. Climate »,ob Bhaoed the home as the trees j;ou may see. No more peaks and gables, blazing fronts o„a shifty spaces within; a hundred years £e taught their lesson well. The architecture of Ktend and Norway will never suit the climate S Italy and Greece. There ia a home whoBe , a. sun-proof roof* whos© halls find sDacefor glossy foliage and burning blooms, with white space xor g j Kieaming through the water of plashing 1 «teins People have learned through the hundred yearB fountains. Pof naturej not tradition, and to what have thpv irrown ' See there by the rose-ilushed marble past SSoifand magnolia blooms comes a woman, a little taller &the; average woman of to-day. (The average woman of £ dav ' 'With all. the endless grades from squab to sera to'a®y„i ' and how shall wo get that average woman 0 ^ b^utYful woman of to-day-say elongated at A „ face more oval, hands more tapered, every poi » Btraighter in limb, touched with ' »£rS ?- to is touched nn Teaf 'and fruit and spray, eyes of a thun 2 !? hhm and lips, too dark, perhaps, parting derous blue, P Buffiden(ly ]arge. Costume ! WroBtumef If crinolines end crinolcttes and ^hatV« of every shape and fo.m be left out, we do not the twentieth century will improve much upon the costume of -h« nineteenth. We have all of us at eome time or other through the last five years seen a woman as per ?Jp»1v dressed as a pheasant or a wonga. 1 he exceptional fectly ares y but tbe aveiase woman of a hundred wnnrghence Say draperies are soft and sheeny, hair left years hence. brow and throat crowntd and wreathed Shtwe'r's aSd beaded with jewels, and a multiform fancy can fill in the multiform detail.^ m U/Minfl lheChristmas board, father, mother, sisters, cousins, auirts old General Bell, and all the related Bells who chime -w his ears amongtt them that stranger from the far S'l! also a distant connexion. Does Christmas I-ay survive ? Well, yes ; hear what the Geneial says about it. He has risen to ialk after dinner, another good custom Which is not grown old, and there seems something ancient something savouring of primitive times, or at least of the days when the vikings drank ' Washael . to the Loid . in the words he speaks and the manner which clothes them. The ruby glass is held aloft in his hand, and all eyes are turned toward him, and there is a genera hush through the room, broken only by the soft rustle of foliage on the walls, the tinkle of fountains, the scarcely perceptible strains of ajolian music from upper chambers and a distant murmur of city and sea, ' Christmas, Christ s Maes Then everv man and woman and child rises—ino elders' with Bolemnitv, the liitle ones with awe, and drmk m silence and feel that they perform an act of worship. 1 ben the old man, still standing, while the others nt expectant, says: 'This is mv sixtieth Christmas, and I remember in very early davs that the lingering battle of some great schisms went, 'of a time when Christmas should be thrust as a malefactor out of the calendar. We have not yet reached that time; we do not Eeem to approach it. Indeed, every grcftt deed I remember seems to have blossomed as a flower out of the natural strength of the Christmas time. An ever. memorable Christmas saw us gather up our skirts and bid £oo4 mother-in-law England depart from us, arad quit meddling where she could no longer rule, depart keep to her own prop?r pl'ice and ''sl' ness. We know the impulse of progress that followed that movement, how notions of broad Australian fluty first took hold of Australian men, how havine a land We desired to have a society and a life worthy of that land , and upon another Christmas — yes, it was a Christmas , or necessity we sat in council on Christmas that year, we sent a message which, thank God, was not the prelude of bat talionB to Victor!.. W. : sent ttet {SKIS SWraSwS 'Ufa holdXX's mttu'.il.v Christ- child into the world. It is difficult for you j«nngf folks to dream of a time when the great ocean foroe ot the tides did not work for man— when energy was only created by a wasting stock of coals, and man and beast laboured wearily through every day. I remember the day when poor Edison placed two 'little models before the world. 'One,' said he, 'is the prince of the powers of the air ; and the other the prinoe of the powers of the earth.' They were the germs of the forces behind every engine, imple ment, and tool we use to-day. The one was our tide con troller ; the other an electric force- eonserver and distributor. i We ail know the words he spoke then. Some held them then to be madman's babble, and no one perhaps be lieved that his forecast of our time could be bo absolutely correct. He died that night, as we know; he had slain himself for the emancipation and elevation of the world, It was npon another Christmas eve that the great archbishop, moved suddenly, as men of old time would say, by the Holy Ghost, tore off his vestments before the altar, and rent certain ordinances to fragments, and thundered out that declaration of simple belief which has become the creed of our Church,' and the expression of our almost general faith. Christmas, dear friends, is a powerful time, as all oar history shows, and you will tell me that one of its chief powers is to breed many words in the mouths of old men. I will be silent ; but, Cousin J ohn. you must speak for us. a word or two. It is every good man's duty to make reply for Christmas. Give us a word or two, and then we will get away to music, the spouse and the master of words.' So Cousin John upheaved his bulk beside the table, and as one rather given to thought than speech, said, ' Perhaps the best thing any man can say is ' Tiiank God for Christ mas.' I myself can add very little to the words already spoken. Certainly we love Christ mas no less amongst our snow than you here by the palms. 1 might also mention one or two great deeds which had their origin on or about Christmas time, which were in any case worthy to be Christmas deeds. Our selfdeny ing ordinance is the act of which I think we have mora reason to be proud. You know its provisions. It killed poverty and pauperism absolutely out of the lanl. It simply compelled every man to provide out of the abund ance of his youth for the helplessness of hia age; and it taxed the rich man's revenue in exact proportion to the poor man's wage, and so estab lished that fund which now renders every man and woman amongst us practically independent by virtue of thirty years of honest toil. In the flush of patriotism and pride which followed the strength born of that ordinance we put forth our claim to the island sovereignty and become governors and protectors over all the Southern seas. You have your continent tolerably evenly divided, we have the ocean rule ; we may both be content. I know not if it were a Christmas impulse which prompted us to put to death, mercifully and painlessly, those men who had proved themselves unworthy ot the name of men. You have not yet reached the samp height or depth, hence you have the huge reformatories and gaols still, while we have maybe a hundred men in bondage, a hundred more under surveillance, and we have condemned three to annihilation within the last three years. But that is too ffrim for Christmas talk. Was it not upon Christmas just twenty j'eare ago that we shook those iron clad junks of China to fragments, and taught the yellow pestilence to confine itself within its own bound?, nor seek to get one more ^hand's breadth of God's earth within the grasp of its pollution ? Tbat day put patriotism into all I our veins, which I have not much doubt another such. ! a day shall renew. We share with you as yon know the results of that Christmas regeneration o$ faith, which was but a brushing away of the cobweba of humbug from the face ot the old ideal ; and with all the world the fruits of the birth of what you have well termed the ' Christchild of Science. Like you, we have abundant cause of thanksgiving, and like you, I agree that Christmas deeds are betterjjthan Christmas words. Tbcrefoie, let me clear the way for action by performing one chief duty of man, which is to Bit down wheD he has said enough.' There was no more talking. The feast of meat and words was broken up. They arose from the table and filgcj out into other halls and corridors and bowers ; an£ i^ien, had you been watchiDg, might you have se^ apme few} appliances of that power, unlimited in que,£tity and perfectly controlled, whereof we have hinted. Jj'ust as readily as yoi\ touch the handle of an {J^ctric bell and produce a little distant tinkle, *ome hand below touches a stop, and down sinks all the paraphernalia of the diningroom. ' Another sets a punkah swing\ngt another some ' roller- polishers springing frcm, th,Q fo^t of the walls to traverse the floor and polish it like i\ mirror. Another produces a blast of melody from, the roof, whereto who wills may dance or smoke or rest. Floweva come,' as they are cilled almost, fo.r the whole house seema tilled with power, and every man a Monte Christo because he has that power under absolute control. The dreams of the ancients are all fulfilled in the inventions of the raoderns. Life calls unto life as deep unto deep, and ther is fastanr reply. -Power is the servant of intelligence, and the eaith is full of power and governed by intelligence of man. Is this philosophy ? If so, 'tis out oi place in our C hnstmas book. Let us seek another vista. IV. 'The lotus lolls on the water and openB its heart of gold.' So j net as naturally does my lady there loll upon the higher culture and more perfect ease of her time, atd open the heart of gold which blossoniB into smiles upon her counte suffice this Christmas night. Yee, ehe smiles as a footstep is beard npon the piasza, bude iato anile as she hears, blos soms into smile as ehe sees, sees— the form of John Wilson approach and halt before ha with & bow and a proffered 3i and. He has been drawn by the l»w 'of affinities (which tho twentieth century no more understands flmi did title ninteenth) into the society of the lotos lady, Olive Bell. They meet, not exactly as the clouds of sum mer—not with German hug or French embrace. Those methods are relics, not augurs. . He bows, we have said; ?he bows also, and they take each other's hands. Than lifgjl shaking there never was and there^ never will be a better way of beginning an acquaintanceship. _ Then saith John. 'A glorious night;' and Olive replies, 'Yes, a lovely night.' And the while they look out and see a marvellous blend of the pale fires of earth and moon and stars, and it impresses them, but they have not yet learned to put impressions into words. They have not yet cone on to that perfection. ' Ah, yes ! a lovely night.' Out from the cove, sans smoke or sound, oomes a ship moving like a spirit npon the water. He sayB, 'It is a picnic/' (Surely it is safe to hold harbour picnics everlast ing, larrikins and the Dean notwithstanding.) She replies : ' Yes, a picnic,' and sighs (sighing under certain circum stances will also be perpetual). But it is time to skip. We desire to report the people when they talk sense, which it is by no means likely they will do just now. Let us sup pose a jump then— say twenty, thirty minutes later. First impressions slightly toned down ; the later and deeper im pulses not yet at any white heat, and thus common topics available and of interest. Olive speaks : ' Poor creatures ! Isn't it strange they could not see the folly of exchanging privileges for rights ; could not under stand that while it is easy, as talking, to rule undei the jflfrignin of the petticoat, it would be wearisome, wasting, acd altogether ineffective, to attempt to compete in trousers ?' ' 'Tis all strange ! and have you not a sort of bald record of men from the various nations meeting in conference a hundred years aeo and prating about federation, joining the whole continent' under one rule, and making Sydney the capital F ' ' Yes, 'twas about the time when eur sex resolved, with much aid of the costumier, to emulate Nebuchadnazzar, and' come at least to the position of the ox eating the grass. 1 hey did meet, your country was represented too.' 'Out of courtesy, probably, we could have had no real interest in the matter. If I remember aright, we in New Zealand did the work which Australia then tried to do eome years before. We had divided provinces, but we did not tiy to federate them by talk in .council While they were fighting desperately at each other's boundaries. We drilled them through by a railway and tben permitted each port to take its own by sensible branch lines. New Zealanders always were New Zea landers you see, no Otagonians or Cantabs or Aucklandites ; or other wise we might sow have forts upon the Waitaki and about Cook's Straits as you have upon the Murray and your northern boundary, and be taxed for the support of stand ing armies to save us from ourselves instead of an ever ready force to uphold the prestige of our colour against those timidly aggressive people of the North.' 'We never understand why you bother'with those people of the nortb. The islands, of course, you must hold ; we eay here New Zealand without the islands would be as a thepherd without sheep, but the sheep are so troublesome at times, and yield so little wool, tliat but for the honour of the thing-——' ' Precisely ! but for tbe honour and duty of the thing. New Zealanders have a proverb, 1 Duty is a mountain flower, aud only the mountains know duty.' ' ' I was inveigled then by a certain old woman who must have been of the mountains but a day ago. Poor old creature! she had a New Zealandish name, and also funny theory, which may also be New Zealandish. She ssys since needles and pins went out ot fashion all feminine duty is dying. And so to effect a revival she has induced a lot of poor children to come together and prick their poor fingers with some needles she has unpacked from her grandmothers boxes, and to fret themselves to death with a process Bhe calls knitting, and when they have all Worked for a year may be, they will have garments enough to cloth an infant.' ' She eeeks to cloth minds rather than bodies perhaps.' ' Probably that is New Zealandish, also.' ' But dressmaking is now one of the arts of society life, isn't it?' ' Certainly, but not with needles or pins. Will you see my etudio r' ' If I may be permitted.' ' Of course you may. We do not wear exactly the old New Zealand garments of prudery here, you see. This ' bay of the balcony lifts. Just stand on the centre, will you F' A spring was touched, and they were conscious ot an ascending motion. In a moment it ceased, and the bay the of balcony seemed fixed to the windows of an upper etory. Within birds were singing and flowers blooming, great gorgeous flowers fixed upon quaint metal stands, no soil visible at all, but all be neath threaded with glittering metal wireB. 'They require feeding,' eaid Olive, and with another simple motion put the life of the house to that portion of its work. In an instant there wsb a lifting and pleasant rustle of leaves, an expanding of blossoms, a fuller fragrance in the air; it seemed that all the flowers had just awakened from eleep ; bnt they were only taking a customary electric bath. Beyond the flowers was a broad space, with a huge table of marble beneath a ceiling that had au apDearance of possibilities. Webs of lovely fabrics were lying about, soft pink and grays and blues, various in texture as in gloss and sheen, like nothing we know to- day— as different from our robes of paper as from our garments of wool, yet all results of development in the great art of paper-making; for spindle and shuttle and loom, like thimble, needle, and pin, have become relics. A long fold of pink is placed upon the marble, a little ivory finger-screw brings a long steel blade down from the ceiling, a few dexterous folds are made of the material— the blade comes right down. The process is repeated half a dozen times in as many minutes, and the cutting-out process is complete. Making is scarcely more tedious. ' I must ask your aid, Sir Maori. Join end to end so, place them on that long fteel bar, so - Touch now 1' and a kindred bar from above descends, rests on the material for a second with eome few tons of pressure, and, obedient to a motion, vanishes. The seam is made, only there is no seam, and in ten minntes the dress. Trimming is slightly more elaborate. Laces and fnlls and bows and buttons are all adiusted by tbe same means of pressure and adhesion, the onfy tedious process being that of design. The designing school is in an inner chamber fitted with easels and lay figures, about which Olive may flit for hours snd days perfecting the design which, when satisfactory, will be realised in the materials in a very few minutes. What is the summons ? 'Tis mail time. The pneumatic tube from the branch- office baa delivered its freight The bells announce the fact. In a few minutes they will be sorted in the houee office, and sent through the wafts to each separate room. 'To your tents, Oh! Israel,' says Ohve ; and John retires, being somewhat anxious about the con tents of his mail. ' Dear John, — Sorry to break up your trip, of which I cheiishod hopes ; but circumstances seem to say, come home at once. It is highly probable that we shall be shaping a course for China within a month. They will not let our islands alone. Los Mados is the latest object. You know Los Mados, the one i»laod whereon we tamed the blacks properly, and taught them to work. We have no represen tative there, and do not get a farthing of revenue from them, so the yellow- man disputes our claim to the pro tectorate. We know the meaning of it, of course. The year '40 is not forgotten. The president tells me there ie not the least hope of a peaceful understanding. If we gave np Los Madoe, they would ask a sister isle. You had better come home and bear your share of the burden, and reap your share of the glory by-and-by. There is no general word out yet, but there must be withiu a week, and then the little island will blaze from Cape to Cape, for all the people are mad against the yellow-man as ever were their fore fathers against the Saracens. We do not breed world-wide love by our civilisation, and I don't know that we should 1 am by no means eure that it will not be our duty to put the bulk of that Chinese nation painlessly to death, for they make no rign of amendment through all the centuries. India has both epread and purified herself. AU the Khans now are federated and well ruled; the Northern fltepj: es and|even Siberia, since the old au'o^rmy was stamped cut, Lave an advancing civilisation which approximates that of the far iimw lends of Australia. Japan is almost abreast of us, only the yellow-man keeps his cruel and barbarous and dangerous condition. We have strange in ventions to try npon him if (as I think we must) we go out to his subduing. George Brown has a plan by which be can pulverise Pekin in three days, and so thoroughly disinfect the ruins that there should be neither danger nor annoyance to the attacking force, and M'Donald tells me that the balloons will be very effective, since he overcame all recoil and concussion with the larger guns. He reckons that we could securely shell any city from a height of two miles, and for submarine work all our ships are efficient. We must fight, I know, and I think it will be our duty to so weaken China that she shall not, in this century at least, desire to fight again. Also, I think that having utterly depopulated many of the better coastal areas, we should occupy them with Indian or island allies, and push _ a _ steady war of extermination, if the progress of civilisation were impassible. It is a pity that Australia will not aid us in the good work, but they will not offer ; and we cannot ask. And, after all, 'tis a big thing to have the government of all the Southern world absolutely ia our hands. Come over at once and take your share.' ' There was a pretty letter to meet a man who for about sixteen hours had been trying to shape all the words he knew into a simple proposition : who had been saying to himself : ' Yes, there ie no.use in delay. I'll tell them to-morrow to get up the tower with something like these moving bal conies and to arrange for a proper degree of beat for the birds and flowers, and they must make a flower garden of that side meadow, and improve the tracks to the glaciers. I can give them four months. Yes, suppose we marry in February we can eee all America and Europe in the spring, and feef the glory of a black June in the castle.' So it had been running, and now : ' What is the new power for killing Chinamen I wonder, and iB there any chance of the wretched crefctures springing amineonusf' He met General Bell in the midst of these calculations, and under promise of a Bccrecy he told the news, and the old General ftused and fumed, and said it was absurd of New Zealand to meddle over so email a matter. ' Still, as New Zealanders ere all mad, it is necessary to be mad to be a good New Zealander. Go, my lad, go right on. * Go and storm Pekin, and etart a farm on its ashes. All my heart is with you, and I love the Chinaman so little that, if it seemed to be my duty, I would go with you myself. Olive is ih-re, see. Don't. waste time with me. Do you want to take Olive this trip, John r' John made no reply beyond a contented smile and a shrug of impossible, and the old General walked away with a great, laugh at his own powers of peicepticn and admirable skill in proclaiming his dis covery. And what said John to Olive? What vows and pro testations were made ? What weak arguments and strong appeals were put aside ? Did ehe acknowledge hiB right ? Did ehe rise to the height of hiB ambition and dream of duty r IIow was it ? Go forth '. 'tis Clara bids thee go. Clare can a warrior's feelings know And weep a warrior's shame. Buckle thy spur upon thy heel. And belt thee with thy brand of steel, And send thee forth to fame. It was not. Let his farewell Bpeak ! Here, then, 'tis the heat of a long debate, the climax of a great pleading : — ' Oh, Olive, Olive ! It ie all weak and poor and colourless, this big continent of yours. Your are aesthetic, like your forefathers who worshipped the sunflower, loved the colour ot decay, scorned the rose, and hated the rich life of day. You make enemies of your neighbours, and shut your ears to the insults of the enemies of mankind. You mixed your blood with the Mongols of a hundred years ago, and his supineness and selfishness, hatred of all near neighbours, and senseless disregard of all dis tant allies or natural foes has settled in your veins. You will fight with each other some day, and baptised even in each other's blood you may be regenerated. Do you not bid me go when I tell you duty calls ? Duty, and what is duty 'r Are vou blind as Lucilla? Would you madden me aB Lucretius? Oh, then, farewell! Duty! My own, my country's duty never roso so clearly as now. As a star of heaven's own light my little home inland burns upon the margin of your dark continent. Olive ! Olive ! As I speak now I know that one impulse thrills my country's being with an equal fervour, and a millionfold the speed of that which blazed through Eng land when the tubs of Spain, with the tools of the Emperor and the Pope, shook their gonfalon to that Channel breeze which swelled to a hurricane in contemptuous wrath, and aided the clumsy thunder of our sires to blow their dream of tyranny to destruction. Farewell, Olive ! Farewell !' And he folded his arms about her (same style as the present), pressed lips to lipB (old style still) ; and, without giving the poor girl the slightest opportunity of saying, ' I love you, John,' or ' I'll follow you, John,' or ' I'll help you to fight Tsing Tsing, John, and never, never' — he wrenched himself away aud jerked hiB great body down the path, caught the 11.45 car at the street -gate and the 12.3 boat at the qnay, and at 12.30 was shool ing through the Heads and smoking a Richmond River eigar before the Austral took in water and sank to twenty fathoms, not aB the old Austral, to make work for marine engineers and a topic for Boards of Trade aud various councils, but to avoid the ugly chopping sea brought up by the north-easterly breeze and to make faster pace by avoid ing all the friction caused by the old style of travelling in the two mediums of water and air. And when did he come back ? Dear knows, dear friend. He went to fight the Chinaman, did he not ? And maybe he fared as well as the Frenchman may who essays the same task in this present year. Another Christmas-tide may bring ub more light and opportunity ; but do you not rather pray for the darkness of utter oblivion to fall upon this rubbish of phantasy which has de luded and deceived you who hoped for an honest Christmas tale ? Are you weary of the vistas ? They are feeble enough — somewhat as the glimpse one might gain by an exquisite's eyeglass of matter that could only be properly examined by a microscope with a power of a thousand diameters. Turn to another page, and find the crackle of good wit, the rattle of good sport, the laughter of the honest miners, good old Santa Claus with the reindeer steeds snd the snow in his hair, not some feckless modern deil with crackers for bonfires and an iced wafer for the good old Christmas pie. Yet we have hope of these puppets of Olive and Jack, and Eome day — some ordinary day, not in or near the high and festive Christmas- tide — we may set them to pipe and to dance again, and make ourselves merry, if we may, at their quaint imagined antics. . 