THE CRESWIOK MINING DISASTER. On Tuesday, 12th December, occurred one of the most terrible mining disasters yet recorded in the annals of tbe colonies, the scene being the New Australian Company's mine at Creswick. By this melancholy catastrophe 22 men lost their lives. SonA, old workings were full of water, but, from the plans, were supposed to be over 200 feet away from a spot where a party of about 30 men were at work. At half-pakt 4 in the morning the water broke in on them without ' the slightest warning, increasing in volume every second. The words " Water is coming. Look out 1" were cried out by those who first became aware of the fact. It came rushing on, five feet high, driving the trucks before it Some men in another part of the mine endeavored to breast the torrent, but were driven back. This, in fact, was the fate of the majority, only a few reaching No. 5 shoot, where they were hauled into the air drive by Hodge, who could only manage to clutch them by the hair of their heads. Two men, named Woods and Chegwin, were heard to exclaim, " There is no chance ; we cannot reach No. 5." A brave fellow, named Jabez Belling- ham, made his way back to the washdirt with the object of saving his mates, but perished in the attempt. The greatest excitement soon prevailed in Creswick and Ballarat, mining business being paralysed, and everything in a st? te of con fusion. The scene at the shaft was of a harrowing description ; wives, children, and friends weeping and wringing their hands. Even the stout brawny miners were overcome by the sadevent, and shed bitter tears. Pumping operations were carried on incessantly by means of an engine and appliances of great power, 51,000 gallons an hour being lifted. On Thursday it was discovered that 22 had lost their lives, five only having been saved. When this result was known, the people seemed awe- stricken ; the cries of the women became heartrending, and such a scene of lamentation occurred as baffles description. One of our sketches shows the outside of the office on the evening of the accident, at the time when helpless wives and children were waiting in agonising suspense for news of those most dear to them. The unfortunate victims were buried on 15th December, an immense cortege, some two miles in length, following them to the grave. The solemnity of the occasion was remarkable. Nearly £20,000 has been raised as a widow and orphan fund of relief in connection with the sad event. «. r. ' ' <=rz======r? .-'antl/ijhbn said, " Is it possible that you do not know?" 1 > \ I saiil ! " I really know uothing,,but I have a particular \- reason for asking wfqy you will not sleep in that room. . /. Aair- he said. " Is it possible that you do not know i';g>;M'that BEss Tottenham passes through that room every night, and, dressed in a stiff flowered silk dress, enters the closet in the comer ?" I replied that I had never heard a word of her until now, but that, when I was here a few yeans ago, I saw twice a figure exactly like what he had described, and passed my arm through her body, and th i't, the second time, I had distinctly seen the flowers (in her gown, as from her haste it had turned up in a triangular lap on my curtain. " Y es," said he, " thai was Miss Tottenham, and, as is well known, she was con lined — mad— in that room, and died there, and, they say, was buried in that closet." Upon my visit at that time the tapestry room was alloth."' to a married couple, and then I learned nothing further. Aj n time wore on. I had entered my profession, and as immersed in hard and constant work in the nob,, of Ireland, and had too much to do to even think of Anne Tottenham. ' Another generation arose, another owner possessed the property — the grandson of my friend. In the year I 1853, he, being then a child, came with his mother, the present dowager Marehioness of Ely, and his tutor, the Rev. Mr. Dale, to the hall for the bathing season. Mr. Dale was no imaginative person — a solid, steady, highly- educated English clergyman, who had never heard even the name of Miss Tottenham. The tapestry room was his bed-chamber. One day in that year, when autumn was fast fading into winter, I received a letter from Lord Henry Loftus, the uncle of the young Marquis of Ely. saying, ' Do tell tne what it was you saw long ago in the tapestry chamber, for something strange must have happened there to the Rev. Charles Dale, as he came to breakfast quite mystified. Something very strange must have happened to him in that room, but he will not tell us, seems quite nervous, and, in short, is determined to give up his tutorship, and go at once to England. Every year something mysterious has hap- pened to any person who slept in that room, but they always keep it close. Mr. Deringcy, a Wexford gentle man, slept there a short time ago. He had a splendid drersing-case, fitted with gold and silver articles, which he left carefully locked on his table at night, and in the morning found every article scattered about the room." The dowager marchioness told me that now ivl iss Tot tenham had " regularly turned them out of the house," and orders had been given to convert the tapestry cham ber into a billiard-room. Upon hearing this, I determined to write to the Rev. Cle'ifies Dale, then incumbent of a parish near Dover, teidng him what had occurred to myself in that room, am! that the evidences of supernatural appearances there were so strong and continued for several genera tions that I was anxious to put them together, and should consider it a great favor if he would tell me wheth - anything had happened to him in that room, and of vhat nature. He then for the. first time men- TAiilPJM vpe matter, and from his letter now before me I 'make the Uoll< wing extract : — " For thrduq w< eks I experienced no inconvenience from the lady, lVot one night, just before we were to leave, I had sat rip late. It was just one o'clock when I retired to my bedroom (the tapestry room) ; a very beautiful moonlight night. I locked my door, and saw thai the shutters were properly fastened, as I did every" nig! t. I had not laid myself down more than five miuvites before something jumped on the bed, making a growling noise, and the bedclothes were pulled off, though I strongly resisted the pull. I immediately jumped out of bed, lighted my candle, looked into the closet, and under the bed, but saw nothing." Mr. Dale goes on to say that he endeavored to ac count for it in some such way as I had formerly done, having never, up to that time, heard one word of the lady, or her doings in that room. He adds : " I did not see the lady, or hear any noise but the growling." Mr. Dale had shut the windows closely, whereas I had them fully open, and a brilliant full moon shining in, as also had Shannon, the valet, vho had seen her many years before me. Here, then, is the written testimony of a beneficed English clergyman, occupying Hie responsible position ' of tutor to the young Marquis -if Ely, a most sober- minded and unimpressionable nan. He repeats, in 186 f, almost the very words of i m father, when detail ing his experience in that room in 1790 — a man of whose existence he had never been cognisant, and was therefore utterly ignorant of his knowledge of Miss . Tottenham's doings in that room Vearly eighty years before. In the autumn of 1868 I was agairi' in the locality, at Dunmore, the opposite side of the Waterford estuary. I went across to see the old place, and yhat alterations Miss Tottenham had forced the proprietor to make in my tapestry chamber. I found that the dark closet into which the poor lady had always vanishel was taken away, the room enlarged, and two additiona windows put in, the old tapestry, and its " mimic chasi" had all gone, and a billiard-table occupied the space of poor An e's bed. 1 took aside the old housekeeper, who ha<' been in those long-past days a servant of my father, and who looked upon me as if 1 also had been a ghost from "sked her to tell me how Miss Tot- tqr' ' es in her apartment, ibhe looked ; v t anxious to avoid tie ques- iedly replied, Oh ! Master t ; last night she made ;.i jilliard-balis about!" r. , v. ;. ' - ' ( I have thus traced, with strict truth, this most real and true tale, from the days of " Tottenham and his Boots," to those of his great-great-gvandson. In considering the very interesting question whether there is spiritual interference in the affairs of this world, which so very large a number of educated people posi tively assert, and which a greater number as positively contradict, one or two remarks may help to simplify the matter. In the first place, the great preponderance in the number of disbelievers is at once accounted for by the fact that by far the larger proportion of educated and thinking men, and it is to such alone that I refer, have never seriously turned their attention to the subject, and, having never experienced anything of the kind, deny the existence of that which not oiily has never conie to their knowledge or even been treated by them as a matter of sober consideration. The second remark which I make is that when spiritual interference is spoken of, no distinction is made in the mind between the spiritual interference of angels and that of departed men and women. " Of the first there can be no doubt in the mind of any Christian. St Paul expressly tells us : " They are scut forth to be mimisters unto them who shall be heirs of salvation." Also, as to the opposing influence of evil spirits, St. Paul calls upon Christians "to take the whole armor of God," because " we. wrestle against wicked spirits in heavenly places." But the spiritual interference of departed men and women is quite another question, and very much de pends upon the testimony and experiences of credible witnesses. In the tale which 1 have related, not a par ticle of doubt or distrust can be thrown upon the testi mony of four generations. Loftus Hall has since been wholly rebuilt, a large modern edifice standing in the place of the weird old mansion. I have not heard whether poor Anne Totten ham has condescended to revisit it, or is wholly ban ished at last. I can only reassert the simple truth of my tale. 