' ; '; ? ' Tt.9 fffms f . ? ? SPORTING NOTES ' [ .. '.'...' ? [by merlin.] The Campbell Town people moan busi ness again this year in reference to a Grand National, although there is a great ' probability of the annual races whioh usually' take place in March falling '. through. It is proposed, I understand, to have1 three races, viz. — Grand- Na- ? tional/ with £400 added, Maiden Steeple chase of £75 or £100, and weight for age Steeplechase,, with £100 added. This ia a very liberal programme^, and although not ? definitely settled, it is I believe al most as good aa such. It ia a great im provement upon last year's programme, when the amount' added was £300, and there was-onlyone race. ? It would, I be lieve, give more satisfaction if a Handi cap Hurdle Race were substituted for the ? weight for age Steeplechase. Two steeple- ' chasoa in one 'day will be gfound quite sufficient for the number of cross country horses'that we have. I trust, too, that the meeting will not. take place too soon after the A.J.C. meeting, and also that bur '? sheepbreeders will Beize -the oppor- ' tunity to have a large sale of the stud sheep for 'which Tasmania is famous. Last week Mr. E. P. Wilson, when ' on . a visit to' Melbourne, purchased froiri Mr. ' -W. , Branch the two-year-old Signor by King of ? the Ring, out of Senorita by Lord Olif den. Signor ran well at the last yjR.C-. Autumn Meeting, and twice ' ran into a place. Weighted at 8afc 91b, he ran a fair third to the Robinson Crusoe filly, who carried'7st 111b. It is evident, therefore, that he is a cut above his half brother Kyneton, who was 'purchased by Mr. R;* G. Talbot a couple of years ago. It' was 'Mr. 'Wilson's intention, I' believe, to also' purchase a yearling, but whether he has done so yet I am;riot aware. While, as I have frequently remarked, always glad , to' chronicle the acquisition of any good line of blood, I believe rnost firmly in giving our own Btock a trial. I hope, therefore, Mr. Wilson will not forget the local breeders. ' 'By the steamer on Wednesday a fine' thoroughbred filly, owned by Mrs. W. Brown, 'of. Longford, arrived, and pro ceeded to the' Richmond Part stud farm yesterday. The filly is half sister to the crack two-year-old 'Archie, and is by Ambassador out of Eugenie, by Thor mariby out of Parisienne by The Nabob. At the sale of Mrs. W. Brown's yearlings in Melbourne last week, the. filly was offered for sale, but passed on at 460gs.- — the reserve was 500gs. The other two yearlings offered, by Argus Scandal out of Miss Hamilton, and Blonde, 'were purchased by. Dr. Lawrence for 47igs. each. ' , 1 It seems strange to read Bryan O'Lynn's list of yearlings without finding one by Panic, but this iB the second year now, and consequently there are no horses by the gatrie son of Alarm, than threeyear and : one ? of the most promising. The' unlucky Newmarket seems to have ? the sire most patronised, and this excel lently-bred horse ought to make his mark . ?in the Bryan O'Lynn stud. His year lings, however,' brought low prices, and the highest priced yearling was one by ' Slanderer out of Waitress, who is own sister to the Panic horse Barman, who stood several years in Tasmania. The Slanderer filly -realised 220gs.^ and was purchased by Mr.. S. Martin. . I Tho fttakfls won hv tha vnrinun mnsn of winning horses at the recent meeting of the V.R.O. were paid over on Monday, when. £9880 was disbursed by the Secre tary. Mr. De Mestre was- the largest winner; with £2231 for the wins of his horses' in the St. Leger (£925), Aus tralian Cup (£770;, and other races. Mr. A. F. Smart is second on the list with £1606 5s for the victories of Archie and : Warwick in the Asoot- Vale and Sires' ' Produce Stakes ; and Sir Thou. Elder haa ? aecured £1357,' £1230 of 'which is dueto the victory of Tyropean in the Newmarket Handicap. ? Mr. Branch is a good winner ' with £1042, of whioh tho Town Plate traa worth £410 ; and Mr; & G. Cook haa had a well deserved turn of luck in securing £546: Hon. W. Pearson came next with £383, and Mr. W. Bailey has to thank Stockwell for the £320 credited to him ; while Willeroo secured £304 for Mr. KeJso, and Obndiah £300 for Mr. S. Martin. The other amounts range from £290 down to £3. ' A novel feature this year in a V.R.Q. was a prize for a nominator of a sucoess ful sire. This waa £100, which fell to Mr. Andrew Town, who nominated Mam byrnong, the sire of Warwick, who won the . Siras1 Produce Stakes. . This is a pleasing innovation, although common enough in the old country now. ;. ?????'., ., ' . The ring had a hard time of it during the late V.R.O.- Meeting. Of the. 23 races on which there was speculation, no ?:. leas than 14, including all the important race's, were won by favourites, eight of which started at even. money and odds on., them. Of the other races, five winners were second favourites. , When the ' favourites did not win the races were not . of much importance, the only exception being the Autumn Handicap, on , which i a good deal of wagering took place, and for . which the winner was never mentioned in ; the betting, and the Town Plate. For many years past the ring has not met with &uch; a series of reverses as during this meeting. Itisestimatedthatabout£100,000 changed hands. .The bookmakers stuck to their colours and paid up manfully. The victory-, of Navigator' and:: Tyropean for the double waB their ' hardest knock. . '... Small backers, or, properly speaking, the general public, .it is said-, did not win, ,the winners being the stables and those in the confidence of the stables, who were in a position to put down large, amounts on the favourites. , To show how the luck, of, ?backers was in- for an unqertainjrace like . Newmarket, . for which the large field : of 33., started, they made , first and second favourites of the horses . that run first and . second. ,' ,. ? ? - ; . .? ' 'The : performance of- Stookwell in the Autumn Handicap at- the late Y.R.C. Autumn Meeting was undoubtedly a good one. ,. The ? following were the weights carried :— Stockwell, 8st 71b ; Anglesey,, . w'hp was second, carried, 7st 121b; and, the third, Kathleen Mavourneen, had Gst 71bs. '.'. The following were the weights carried-by the other starters :? — Sardonyx, 8st 101b ; Odd Trick, 8st 71b ;Fryingpanj , 8st 61b/; Mistaken, 7at. 111b ; Ooriolanus, 7st'91b,; Koh-i- noor, 7st 81b ; and Lesbia, 6s't91b'. This is a good, field.tobeat, and the son of Edella won very easily in fast, time— 2min. 53^3603. .for. a mile and five furlongs. None of the favourites were, ever dangerous after entering the home turn, and Stockwell is said to. have held his .? horses , as '.. ,if .-,'. they ' : were chained. , Stockwell, moreover, is described; as though, apparently.- short of work. This ' proves, ... that .., there ' was' no fluke about; his Melbourne Cup performance, and having' been about the, first to recog nise the .horse's merits,. I -.must say that I am glad to, see the son; of St. Albans victorious across the water. ? The horse, is stated to have been un . backed fora shilling, and the price is given ;at, 10 and 20 to 1. It must, there-. fore,; have been a rare turn-up for the ring. One Melbourne journal states that it was reported that his party forgot' to pay up for him f or the AustralianOup. My readers will recollect only for William Clare, Mr. Agnew's trainer, the horse would not have been able to have Btarted for the last Melbourne Cup. Stockwell's then trainer forgot about the final pay ment, and Glare, who happened to be in the V.R.Cl office immediately before the time of the pay merit had to be bade, kindly, paid up for the horse. If he had started the horse must have run well for the Australian Cup, though if he is short of work it would have told at the finish. Stockwell, however, is one of. those mus ? culor horses that are apt to deceive a casual observer. Stockwell is engaged in the Sydney Cup and was weighted at.8st- 3lb,buthispenalty for winningjthe Autumn Handicap makes it 8st 111b. Commotion is.top weight with 9st 121b, Sweet .William is the only one of Mr. De Mestre's ep gaged, and is weighted at 8st 71b. . Mis taken has 7st 61b, and King of the Vale ?? . 6stl21b. ? ?';,,-. ?.'..',; ::?.?. :,.;,;.;:.::'i At the sale of the Glenormiston yearlings last week, a colt by King Cole out of Triiganina by Fisherman, and therefore own brother to Queen, was purchased for Mr. C. S. Agnew, for the sum of 115 gs. The colt is a nice compact youngster and arrived by the steamer on Saturday last The Assyrian, in charge of Billy Glare, left by the steamer on Thursday to fulfil his intercolonial engagements. The horse is engaged in the South Yarra Handicap at Caulfield, a mile and a quarter, and is weighted at 9st 51b. The race is fixed for Saturday (today). The Assyrian is also nominated for several handicaps and principal weight-for-age races at the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting. I trust that the straight going spots may have a good innings abroad. Owing to Clare's absence Queen and Quicksilver have been returned to their owner, Mr. Sydney Page. The chestnut has done good service for Waverley during ing the last two seasons, and on several occasions has got her head in front in important races ; ,Ho, Faults has been purchased by Mr. Adam Taylor, and. ran in : the 'all orange' at Oatlanda. Othello (full brother to Tasman and Prodigal), whoso sale I notifiedlast week, waa again sold by his purchaser, Mr. Joseph Harper, to Mr. S. Martin for the sum of £175— a profit of £25. This is not a bad price for a horse that cost ;30 guineas as a yearling, and whose per formances so far have certainly not been |of an encouraging character. The horse, ^however, lias' not had a thorough trial, iand wanted time. When put in training again he may redeem his character. : The first meeting of the Lefroy Racing Club takes place at the auriferous village ?on Monday next;; The principal event is the Lefroy Cup, to which is added £25 and a handsome , silver cup valued . at i £20, , kindly presented by Mr. 'J. ? S. Kerr, of this town. Westbury,: with all his weight should be hard to beat, and' he appears to have an equally good chance in the Hdrdle Han idicap. If Black Boy were in his old form he ought to '?? win the ' Miners' Purse in a ? walk, but'' X have not heard ? of him for, Ithree or four years, -arid Ellangowan'and Melody will probably prove ,, most', dangerous. ,- ?../; . ;; a \\. ' ? -?„ ?' ?/ ; -| ?'? ' The Deloraine ? weights appear in another column. Guy. Faux- arid Sheet Anchor look best on paper for the Delo raine Handicap/arid , if Powell has Sheet Anchor in his ' ; Ga'rrick form. he' will win. Pride of . the! ' Hills j, Vho was cruelly! treated , at Launcestbn. with respect to weight, has a better show than either he was given at Hobarls or ' Launceston, and ought to run a good horse. The Hurdle' Race looks a.. good thing for Echo, after his performance at Oatlands. The no-, ceptances. and entries for the Maiden Plate are, to be made this evening. The Sorell weights appear in another bolumn. The acceptances for the handi caps and entries for the Maiden Plate close, .on-.; Monday next. Kanaka is weighted at 12st. 91b. for the hurdle, and Newmarket at list., and the latter has every ounce that he is entitled to. Cole brook and Denmark's performances, how ever, have been so moderate that the handicapper thought no doubt, and rightly too, that the, grey could not be let off with less. Queen; holds- the premier, position in the Sorell Plate, a. race in which Barb scored a victory and upset a' great pot on West Coast last year, while; Blink Bonny, one of the fastest mares f or.: three-quarters of a mile in Australia, has the heaviest burden in the Flying Stakes. ' The sister to Navigator who won the second Nursery Handicap at Flemingtori on Saturday has been named Copra. Jts the filly is out of Cocoanut the . noineb; ;clature is appropriate. :.,',:.. ? ,': i -h ' As the hunting season is coming ony ;those who want' their horses' carefully: looked after will , do well to give George Mills, of the Club Hotel Stables a! turn.1, Mills has two or three] vacant boxes,' and ?as he is. 'a. , careful, ? steady man, he is: 'certain to do his : patrons juBtice. Mills, |too, understands something of training. He was for some time with the late Mr.' T. B. Clark' at. Quorn Hall, and .was head ladVto,'. Arthur Kearney,, and, moreover, ia, a, capital man in a.stable. Mills, I may state,' ' is ? entitled to the; credit of Oaotlebar's win at Oatlands, as Powell only' received th e horse two or throe .days before 'the race. .' : ': ';, ' : A movement is7 on foot, at Maitland. (N.S.W.)to'getup a; grand steeplechase; to. which the sym of, 1000 soys, will be added. ' ... - ? ?, i -,-y ?.. \f- ? '/ ???'' ?'}?.''??'? -;?:. \ The Midland Jockey Club. meeting on Saturday was. »; successful one^ though it; would have been made ' much more so if ttie club had taken the trouble to arrange, fora special; train. ^Special trains. must be arranged for in future if visitors are expected north of Antil : Ponds. Eohb. ran a great horse in the Hurdle Race, and' must have won bar the accident. The, rub bish and arrant nonsenBe talked about that horse not being able to carry list, or over has' now-been 'mbre than once re futed.' ': Fit and well with an artist in the pigskin he. might siiret'oh the, neck of some of .the Victorian crack hurdle racers',' and at no great difference of weight either/ Powell cametoo soon, yet the horse was carrying list 101b when' he fell as if the. weight were nothing to hijn. The hurdles were of . a .most unsatisfactory arid dangerous, character, . and. were ? higher than the steeplechase jumps. If the Stewards wish to avoid a! fatal accident they must, do away with the prominent arid ugly centre piece extending three,' or four inches above the top railj and which was one cause of Echo falling. James .Kearney is generally fortunate at. Oat-, lands, and his wiu on Newmarket was a popular one. Castlebar, «vho will see a better day, was altogether too good for the company in the Maiden Plate. Guy Faux proved once more that he was a good horse, and though he; seemed a trifle lighter than he was at Mowbray and El wick, Miller really had him in grand .heart, as the horse proved by his two suc cessive victories. Morven stripped quite a different horae to, what he did at Mow- , bray, and if Powell effects a similar ohange in Sheet Anchor he will have a big say in the Deloraine Handicap. The Evandale trainer had evidently discovered the mistake he made in overdoing his horses, and profited by it accordingly. The style in which Morven acquitted himself |ahowed that he would have been a sore thorn in ; the side of Kanaka art Launoeston, even though the latter had close upon two stone leas weight. The Mowbray fences now, it must be remembered, are if anything lower than thosoof Oatlands now. Kanaka with something to take him along fenced better than he did at Launceston, but never had a ghost of a show of catch ing the winner. The Flying Stakes was completely shorn of ' its interest by the bad start, and that Rood mare Blink Bonny had no trouble in win ning . easily from the ' improving Hobart, while the favourite, Mizpah, never' had - a chance of winning, though she made up a lot of -ground. Whether she would have won had she started with the others is a moot question, but it is evi dent she would have been very dangerous from the position she occupied at the finish. Blink Bonny, although she is not herself, and' looks light ana weak, isa mare that will. take a lot of doing over three-quarters of a mile, even in- the best of company, as she has wonderful turn of !- speed. ?'?'?'- ? -?'?'' :- '? - -^ ;-i(- ' ;'- : The victory 'of Mistaken in the Town Plate on Saturday was a fruitful topic of conversation 'in Melbourne sporting cir-: cles, arid was even more talked 'about than the victory: of Tyropean in the Newr market Handicap. Mistaken has so fre quently, disappointed the public and his late owner, Mr. W. Branch, that he has been looked upon of late as a private, not a public performer. His owner in fact was so disgusted that he sold the horse after the Australian Cup. Mr. E. Weeks bought Mistaken for £300, and the son of Dante has well repaid the investment; Mistaken is destined in future to run in; India; ' . . S : On Saturday night Mr. W. Forrester bought Belmont. from Mr. Branch for 400 guineas. Belmont has proved himself a conatarit and good performer. . At the recent autumn meeting,, of the jockeys Hales was the hero, as he scored no less 'than six wins ; four of. the races, including the Australian Cup, being, won for Mr. E. De Mestre. MoBt of his mounts were first favourites, aridsome of; .them were at odds against the field. Hales was 'therefore in rare form, and every one' who knows this quiet and straightforward i knight of the pigskin will rejoice to hear' of his good luck. ,? , 1 At a committe'e meeting of the T.T.O., held: lately,' the advisableness of alter-v ing |the . date of meeting was disoussedij but I nothing was done in the matter. : Theisub-committee previously appointed to assimilate the rules of the ^T.T.O.to; those of the Victoria R. 0. were requested to give the matter their attention. The ? question of running a single rail round ; the'i course was , generally approved of,. and;leftio,the Course iOomiriittee.to.haye; it done. before the next-; meeting, and it was- also -- decided to -have a log jump in front of the stand. The matter of changing : the position of ' the ?? booths was dis cussed, but nothing definite was arrived at, , bat tha majority, approved1 of them being removed east and below the lawn opposite the straight if additional ground jcould be got from -Mr. ? W. ? G. Grubb to ? ,-make an entrance behind the grand stand enclosure.' \ The matter of legalising the totalisator was alsd diaoussed, but nothing was deoided'upori. ? ', , | .' ' , '* ''.'',[ ?, 