OLD ENGLAND. While talking cf the extensive and unpeopled land of New Guinea, itis sad to read of the crowded state in parts of Old England. In last month's Contemporary Review, in dealing with a new work entitled "Social Wreckage,'* by Francis Peek, some terrible statements are made, which are backed up by statistics. It is declared that " there are extensive districts in London and Liverpool and all our large towns, where oar people, are living in little more than half the area required tor a corpse, and which they could claim if they were dead, in graves which are graves of all decency and chastity." l In Liverpool there are at least 10.000 children totally uncared for, who are in training for the prisons. Statistics for England anc Wales ate given, showing that, while less than 1 in 1500 is a land-owner, 1 in evety 31 is a pauper in the poorhouse, wearing the workhouse uniform. Oae hundred and one died of sheer starvation in the streets of Lon don last you. There were last year 500,000 summary convictions, of which 100,000 were guilty of personal assaults, 2500 being aggravated assaults on women and children. There were 180,000 cases for drunkenness, and 15,000 for indictable crimes. The Contemporary observes:—"The admirable logic that shuts all the'museums and picture galleries on the Lord's day and opens all the gin Bhops; that is never tired of iterating the .proper sphere of woman home, and brings up 20,000 female orphans in large pauper barracks from -which the last touch of home lias disappeared . . . that goes to church and preaches that the. body is the temple of the Holy Ghost; and leaves the people to litter down like pigs at night—men and women, toys and girls, together in. tenements where no rich man would think of stabling* hit horses; that goes to s=hool and teaches " children the three B.'e, and leaves them dens of infamy to leam a fourth R. by every sound and sight of the day and night—ruin of body and soul; that virtuously declaims against the harlot,- j-et leaves its little girls be brought np in brothels; that believes fatal disorder is undermining the national health, and shuta the doors of its hospitals ageinst it, and denies the public means of cure; that legally protects the heiress up to twenty-one, and refuses to protect the poor man's daughter, even at eix'een, from the trade of vico; that," &c.;, &t.; When the angels above c. -.npare the barbarism of New Guinea, where every man is his own landlord, with the civilisation of Old England, where 32,000 people own all the land of the three kingdoms, the tears that the angels shed will be -for the civilised (people, net 'for the heathen barbarians. But it is the law of Nature for evil to work its own cure. Humanity can only stand so much, and the signs of the times are sure prognostics of better things. 