The old proverb, "Where there's a will there's a way," ha. been revised to suit the sit uation. It now reads: "When there's a bill we're away.' Maud-"- In 'debt again, Reginald! Why don't you put by something for a rainy day? Reginald-" Rather try for aflne oneo-should't have to save so much." In Rome they have Romulus and Remus be nlog nu:se.l by the she-wolf stamped upon the butter. This isn't quito so had as the dust of Alexander stopping a bung-hole, but it is akin toIt. Ilopeles.-Mnate--"This beer is beastly bad to-night." Inveterate-" Bensly bad! What cher mean ? No beer's bad; some is better nor others, but I never tasted none as was bad." The following advertisement actually appeared na Western paper:" L t One vite calf. His to pehind le? most black. He was s as she calf. Who brings him back pays five tollars. Fritz-." VaRsar will run on full time this year. A single manufeeturer in Bangor, Mte., shipped a ton and one half of chewing gum in one day re cently, which recalls the beautiful song the Vassar girls sin?; "Gum, oh, gum with me." S"You are on the wrong tack, said the pilot's wife, when the hardy son of the loud-sounding sea sat down on it, and rose with the usual ex clamations. "No," he replied, ofteracritical ex amination. "I am on the right tack, but shoot me dead if I ain't on the wrone end of it." " Yes," said one Cortland lady to another, re cently, "my husband sold out his store some then ato." "Then le's out of business now?" " Oh, tino! He's in some kind of business: man ufaeturine, I guess; I heard him say he was puttine up margins for pork the other day." [ The Louisville Courier Journal of Feburary 17th headed the account of the inundations in its city thus: . ARARAT. FLOOD SUPPERERS CAN PREPARB TO TURN S Loose THEIR DOTE. ALL InDICATIO.Nn POINT TO AN OLIVE BRANca IN Tuts NtaIIIHBORHOOD, THAT Is ONLY WAITING POE THE ARE TO THROW OUT A LINE. Cambridge Joke-" I don't know," replied 3ontmorenel, cuttingly with a pohlito smile: L "but I know a man who had twins so much s alike that the only way to tell 'em apart was to send one to Harvard and one to Yale. Then one l came back a gentleman and one a Connecticut rough." TItE MODERN RiLEN... He sat by herside in the gloaming, And toyed with her hand and her cheek; His fac had the beauty of Paris, Her face that of Helen the Greek. "I love you to madnes, my darling," She whispered in accents of joy; "Butyou must not peri-h like Paris, Nor I be your Helen of Troy. " Do you know what'to fly with you'means,love: For you, dear, a blasted career, For me a sad life of dishonor, 'Reft of all that a woman holds dear. I lore you to madness, my darling; Without you this lifeo has no oyf But you must not perish like Paris, Nor I be your Helen of Troy. "It is not the thing that is done, love, But the way that we do it, my dear, Which sets all society raying, And shocks it from centre to sphere. Thle old days have past away,.darling. ' Those wicked old ages of force; . But I'll write to my lawyer to-morrow, And tell him to get s divorce." "Are you feeling very ill " asked the phy sician. "Let me see yourtonguo, please." "It's I of no eso; doctor," replied the patient; "no tone ecan tell how had I feel." So your business is piching up, eh ?" said a facetious cobbler to a rag-picker who had just commenced operation on an ash barrel in front of his shoR door. " Yes. and I see yours is mending, quickly replied the ragged urchin. Comparisons are odlous-Siss Ethel (on donkey)-" I wonder what language Balaam's donkey spoke!" Sister-"Oh! the same. as iBlaam spoke-Hebrew, Isuppose." biss Ethel -"Hebrew I And I find even French so difficult." Individual (stepping into witness-box)-"As I was going home last night, your worship, somebody fired a pistol, and the shot went right through my hat." ldagistrate timpatientiy)- "Tot, tut, my good man, that's nothing; wait till you get one in your head, then we will goio to the matter. Next case." " Uncle Ben," said old Bob, "here's dat £10 what yer lent me about a year ago." "Bruder *spteted tar git dat money again, an' I'd dun thought dat I had gin de money ter yer." " Ef dat's de case, Uncle Ben, I'll jes put it back in ter my pocket [ always makes it a ruls neber ter disappoint a man.' Lord Erskine declared at a large party that "a wife was a tin canister tied to one's tail." Upon which Sheridan, who was present when the remark was made, presented to Lady Er kinoe the following lines: Lord Erskine, at women presuming to rail, Calls a wife a tin canister tied to one's toil, And fair Lady Anne, while the subject he earries on, Seems hurt at his lordship's degrading com parIso. But wherefore degrading! Considered aright, A canister's polished and useful and bright; And should dirt its original purity hide, That's the faultofthe pappy to whomit was tied. A young blood who is about to enter into the holy state of matrimony goes to seek the advice of an old trioend, his family doctor. "The girl, you see," says the young man, with engaging frankness, " hasn't got any tin now but she has a rich uncle with heart disease that"-" I don't know about that," says the doctor, reflectively, "a man with heart dease Is apt to live much lmger than "-" But it is a senous case. Only this morning they called in your eminent cot legue Dr. X-. ' "Then it they have, marry her, air; you haven't a minute to lose I" Bhbb Doddington was very lethargic. Fall ing asleep one day after dinner wit-, Sir Rieh ard Temple and Laord Cobhabe the latter re. proacled Doddilgton with Lms d~ro sas Dod dinton denied havr'o been asleep, and to prove be had not oi.-,? to repeat all LordCobham had een ss og Cobham challenged him to do so. ".oddisgton reheated a story, and Land Cobham owned he had been telling it. "' Well," said Doddington, "and yet I did not hear a word it; but I went to sleep because I knew that about this time of the day you would tell that story." Among anecdotes of first nights of new p'cr, the following deserves a plae : it was the frst n cht and morninga) oferonte Chriato, a drama whieh, for tslength, might have beenofChitneses origin.At a quarter before one in the m .aing Sthe curtain' rom;e upon the last act Charles Feehter, in the character ofthe hei is discorered 3 seated is a contemplative attitude. Like the ghost in Alon=oa the Brae, "he moved not, he ni'oke not;" but there came from the gallery, ta a cler, somewwhat sad but gentle voice, three Swords: "I hope we are not keepingyou up, sir. SThe eflect may be imagined. 