FUNNIMENTS. A Heal Giiqst Stout. — Say you've seen one . .. Fhkbdom of the Cur.— A knife and fork for you always at tbe Mansion House. Seasonable CnAnnr. — In a severely hot Midsummer : Ice kitchens in Leicester Square. Wht is a verbal confession better than a written one ? Because a no-pen confession is good for tho soul. .Ababi's fighting qualities should occasion no surprise. Though still young, he i3 living with' his third wife. ' Heaven lies about us in our infancy,' says the poet. Yes, and our neighbours lie aboub us whon we grow up. A cebtaix musical critic 13 so full of music that he finds it impossible to eat Mb meals save with a tuning-fork. The Best Toast to Pbopose. — To gentlo men who have not alreudy drunk more than is good for them : An anchovy toast. Fnosr oua Maniacal Meteorologist. — ? Why is a storm- signallor like an asker of riddles ? Because he's a cono-and-drummer ! Mythology poe the Million.— Tho Titans . were giants who warred against Jupiter. Bacchanals — tight 'uns of another description. INQUIBT FOE F.VOLUTIONISTS. — Can the long-lingering belief in tho virtue of the divid ing'rod be regarded as the survival of the fit teat ? Moee than half the newspapers in the world .. are printed in the English language; that is to say, in Buch Hnglish as the writer happens to havo on hand. Education in Cunmng- — At the School of Art nnd Design Open to Ladies. It will givo a giil a fow 'wrinkles' long before they're required. Neck or Nothing. — A fellow was caught, stealing cravats. When collared, he excused himself on tho ground that he was ' only taking stock.' Fashion now decrees that a bridal tour need not last over three days and some ono says, ' most any sort of a couple can remain within doors that long.' They sav 'A may ia known by his asso ciates.' Of course he is ; a man can't associate' with people for any length of time without ? thoir Knowing him. OiiTnooBABHic al Anecdote.— -A f oxhunter, one wot day, sent to a circulating library, and ordered ' Kenilworth,' under tho impression that it was a Bporting novel. Con. fob Db. Cabpbntrb.— -Why is a young lady who is very much opposed to tight lacing like a seller of pens, ink, and paper ? Because she is a stay-shunnor, to be sure ! 'A Wisconsin man has cxpeetora'ed an umbrella tip he swallowed in 1874 ' — so an ex chango tells us. This proves conclusively that even swallowing an umbrolla won't keep it in the family. A Nbw Yobk stono outter received tho fol- ? lowing .epitaph from a German to bo cut upon ,: '?' tho tombstone of his wife : ' Mine rife -Susan is dead. If sho had lived till nex' Friday (he'd ? been dead shust two weeks.' A distinouishbd novelist observes that he ? would liko to hold an official position in a Cathedral, as ho would then never be Bt a' loss for a chapter ; and asforBeribblinc;paDor, there would always be a quiro ready at hand. A New York paper says ' the ice pitcher is mow fatal than olooliol.' That depends. An ? . ic* pitchor is n, harmless thing in itself ; but if a man woro to swallow one ho would no doubt wish ho had taken a pint of alcohol instead. ?Fishy hut 'FAbT.— Tho Court of Aldormen and tho Common Ocunoil may not be commonly ? ? aware of 'the circumstance that whitebait are inseason -o'fco1in!d at, hii'ing been oaught off, ' Co'wea. ': W.luteoint and Islo of Wight bait. Rustic WixirrFarmer Hodge (beaming): ? 'G'uoss, Giles, vour .Suey. scon'll- be a bride.* Farmor Giles '(darkly)': ..'If 3ill don't blow ... his brains eout, forothebriaoli'.'ParmerHodgo ? . : (astonished) iui'He t'Whoy?-;.' Farmer Giles '(ohuekling),: . '.Ho'b always at our Suey's. Bide, .which shows' his' tbndorioies are Sueg-sMvall f '.,-/ ?:. : ??? 