THE ENFIELD COURT ROBBtRY. IN TWO CHAPTERS. CHAPTER T. When are you going to return Lady Dasent's visit, Aunt Frances f asked my niece Amy one lovely morning in August. 'It is quite a fortuight xiinoo she called.' ' In a day qr so,' I replied, knowing the duty mast be performed, particularly as Lady Dasent bad, since she called, sent us an invitation to a ball which was aboat to take place at Enfield Court. In my inmost heart I should have been pleased had Lady Dasent's visit never been paid. We had lived in seclusion for so long, that I almost dreaded any interruption to the tenor of onr quite ex istence. But Amy was eighteen, and jnst at the age to appreciate a little gaiety ; and 1 felt it was my duty to set my own feelings aside, and allow her to enjoy the present at the utmost. We lived jast on tbe oatskirts of one of the principal southern provincial towns, in a little paradise which some one had aptly designated the ' Wren's Nest' I thought it perfect and would not have exchanged it peaceful beanty for Enfield itself, which was considered one of the finest places in the country. Owing to Lord Dasent's very delicate health, the family had been absent for some years ; bnt directly they returned, Lady Dasent had called on us. The Court was barely a mile distant by road, and we were really their nearest neigh bours. It behoved me, therefore, for Amy's sake, to make an effort and return her visit. ' What do you think of going to En'ield this afternooD, Amy V I said presently. ' I think it would be delightful,' she replied. ' Shall we walk or drive 1' ' Drive, decidedly,' I rejoiued. The day was lovely, and I inwardly hoped that Lady Dasent might been joying its beauties herself, and that we might thus continue our drive, having done our duty by leaving cards only. But my hopes were disappointed. Lady Dasent was at home ; and we were ushered with due ceremony into her beautiful drawing- room, and we fonnd her most graciously inclined towards us both. Her daughters were playing lawn- tennis, she told us. Would we like to join them on the terrace 1 Very gladly would I have declined j but a glance to wards Amy decided me otherwise. Very probable, my diminutive groom and ponies would be entertained hospitably during our detention ; and I could qnite fancy, after the splendours of Enfield, that Joseph wonld return home signally dissatisfied with the humble ways at the Wren's Nest. Accompanying Lady Dasent, we fonnd ourselves in the midst of qnite a large party of yonng people, some playing tennis, but tbe greater number merely looking on. Amy was swept from my side immediately ; but my anxious eyes fallowed her, and with pleasure I ob served tbe cordiality with which - the Misses Dasent welcomed her. By-and-by I saw per standing under a lime-tree at some little distance from where I was seated. She was dressed in white ; and as she stood in the half- shade, -half- sunshiae, there was a look of ethereal beauty about her. ' How very pretty your niece is, Miss Conrtenay,' Lady Dasent observed. ' Yes ; I think she is rather pretty,' I replied. Some one else thought so too. Just as Lady Dasent spoke, I saw a gentle man introduced to Amy ; and while we remained, he determinedly maintained a close proximity to her side. He was young, good- looking, and evidently bent upon making himself very agreeable to my niece. Hitherto, Amy bad lived a life of complete retirement. I had guarded her with a jealous care from all contact with any outward influences that might pre judice the futnre of my darling. She had been consigned to my care by her mother on her deathbed, when an infant of a few monthB old ; and I bad accepted the charge, vowing to be faith ful to the utmost of my ability. I bad loved her mother ; but I had adored her father — my youngest brother — who had gone ont to India with tbe fairest prospects, and come home, after being there only for a year, to die. Ont of a large family, I was the only one left who could possibly have undertaken the absolute charge of Amy And here was I, with my youth far behind me, and uuloved old maid, until the child came to me, and in the clasp of her little chubby arms I seemed to grow young again myself My sorrows became dim in tbe distance as my charge grew; every day and hour adding to my devot ion to her, and, thank God 1 to her love and affection for ma We were not rich, bat we had enough ; and I was enabled to have a governess for Amy, so tbatnot even for part of her education had she to leave me. Sometimes, I wished she had some companions of her own age j bat when I mentioned it, she always rejected the idea of such a necessity. She was perfectly happy. What more did I want I Nothing except to insure her continuing to be happy all the days of her life. Lady Dasenfs desire to cultivate onr nnnnaintnnnA TirABPntwl fit IpJUlt (1I1R fld- vantage to Amy ; the Misses Dasent were abont her own age, and, judging by outward appearances, nice lady-like girls, who seemed anxioos to be friendly with her. Still, I shrank from giving en- conragement to the intimacy between them ; for thongh Amy's birth was that of a lady, still the Misses Dasent were undeniably above her in rank ; and — perhaps from an old-fashioned idea on my part of possible patronage — I rather threw obstacles in the way of any sadden friendship between them. Bat I am anticipating, and mnst re vert to the introduction I had witnessed in the distance between Amy and Mr. Alfred Manleverer, which was tbe name of the individual I before alluded to. I did not make his acquaintance that after noon ; that was an hononr reserved for the following day, when he, accompanied by two of the Misses Dasent, came over to the Wren's Nest to invite Amy and myself to a small afternoon party. It was tbe beginning of many visits both on their part and onr own ; in feet, hardly a day passed without our seeing at least Mr. Manleverer, who invariably found some pretext for coming over to us, if we were not to be at Enfield. And then came the ball at Enfield — Amy's first, destined to be a most event ful one, and to which she went arrayed All otuirio nuivca I was not altogether comfortable on the score of her growing intimacy with Mr. Mauleverer. Perhaps he was trifling with her ; perhaps he was not in every way desirable himself. A thousand disturb ing possibilities kept shooting through my old heart,as I sat watching my darling - at her first ball, looking radiantly pretty, - "vw— >lr redoubled his de- votion, and ImnWiatca — UohU so thoroughly at her shrine as to insist on taking me into supper — a piece of civility which I duly appreciated. Never before bad I seen the Dasent's celebrated gold plate, which was on this occasion fully displayed. It was magni ficent. Such tankards and salvers of solid gold, to say nothing of plates, spoons, and forks, all apparently of the precious metal. Our conversation nat urally turned npon this fine display ; and iust as we were admiring it, Florence Dasent happened to join us. Miss Courtney has been admirin g the plate,' remarked Mr. Mauleverer. 'Yes; isn't it beautiful?' she replied. ' But really, I think pretty china would be almost nicer. I believe papa would prefer it ; but we can't get rid of our plate, simply because it is. entailed; so are mamma's diamonds.' Lady Dasent was wearing ber dia monds that evening. From my quiet corner in the ball-room, I had specially noticed the necklace, which was rather a tight circlet ronnd her throat, set in squares of a formal but of course magni ficent description. A few trifling remarks followed ; and then Mr. Mauleverer conducted me back to my seat, in tbe vicinity of which I. found Amy, to whom Mr. Mauleverer. was engaged for the next dance. I must say they looked a charming conple as they walked away. I suppose my eyes were expressive of my thoughts, for Lady Dasent's voice close beside me seemed to echo them. 'They make a good pair, don't they?' she said. ' Ah, Miss Courtney,' she con tinued, ' I am afraid you must not ex pect to keep your niece always; some one is sure to carry her off soon.' ' I am in no hurry for that time to come,' I replied. — ' Bur, Lady Dasent, do you mind telling me one thiog : who is Mr. Mauleverer ?' ' Who is Mr. Manleverer ?' repeated Lady Dasent, with a shade of sarcasm in her voice. Well, my dear Miss Courtenay, I believe he is of very good family, very well off ; and I know he is , very charmiug and moves in the best society. You may be quite sure, had he not been very desirable in every way, be would not have been our guest' Some one else then claimed Lady Dasent's attention, and she moved ofij leaving me to digest at my leisure the satisfactory remarks she had made re lative to Amy's admirer. Very good family — very well off — very charming and so forth. I was glad to hear it ; and could scarcely avoid a feeling of exultation when, on our return home, Amy told me that he had asked her to be his wife, and she had accepted him Tired as I was after my unwonted dis sipation, sleep seemed to have forsaken me ; Amy's engagement was all I could, think of until daylight began to struggle into existence ; when I suppose I fell asleep, aud might have slept for hours, had not my old hoosemaid burst into my room without any ceremony, and wakened me with tbe startling tidings that Enfield was on fire ; and that the gold plate, also nearly all Lady Dasent's diamonds, had been stolen 1 It seemed altogether too dreadful to be true ; but veiy shortly afterwards, Mr. Mauleverer himself appeared, and fully confirmed the tidings. He bad distin guished himselfgreatlv by bis bravery in endeavouring to extinguish the flames, and in doing so bad burned bis right hand rather severely. ' I thought you might hear and exag gerated account of it, so I cams over at once,' he observed, with a -glance to wards Amy. Who discovered it !' I asked. ' What can have originated the fire ? and above all, who can have taken the plate V ' And the diamonds ?' added Amy. ' That remains to be seen,' replied Mr. Manleverer. ' On my way here, I tele graphed to Scotland Yard, and no donbt a sharp detective will unravel the mystery.' Partly in order to make it more con venient for gnests at a distance, partly because Lord Dasent himself objected to late hours, the ball bad began at the un- fashionably early hour of nine o'clock ; by half-past two it was over ; and by three o'clock comparative silence reigned over Enfield. The butler bad judged it aafe— never dreaming of danger — to lock np the upper room, the shatters of all the. windows bring strongly barred as well. With an easy mind, and the key in his coat-pocket, that functionary re tired to bed, while the rest of the servants gladly followed hie example. Neither bolts nor bars, however, de fended the diamonds. Lady Dasent re placed tbem with ber own bands in tbrir cases, which, without any anxiety what-ever, rite laid upon her toilet table. To -morrow, they would, as usual, be deposited in the safe, where they were . ordinarily kept She had dismissed her maid directly she came toherrnom - nnRnfhnrdnnirhteninnclasned the circlet from her throat ; and shortly afterwards — as it came out in evidence — Miss Dasent left her mother's room, crossed the corridor, and was just about to enter her own room, when, in the darkness, some one brushed past her. The circumstance did not alarm ber ; it was no donbt one of the servants ; so she thoaght no more of it Lady Dasent's dressing-room adjoined her bedroom ; and her account of the affair was that a few minntes after she had got into bed, she distinctly heard the handle of her dressing-room door turn; and she fancied she heard a very quiet step in the dressing-room, which in a sleepy way she fancied was ber maid. Lord Dasent heard nothing — had nothing to tell ; he wished he had. If any one bad brushed past him in the corridor, or he had heard steps in the dressing-room, there wonld have berii neither robbery nor fire. As it was, the stealthy footsteps mnBt have approached the dressing-table, and with adeliberation almost incredible, some one mast have opened the cases and abstracted the con tents. The circlet, the bracelets, and a pair of magnificent earrings — all were gone. The gold plate had also been cleverly carried off; only a few minor articles having been spared. At first, all the energies of the house- linlrl »«n jiiro/ttari anhdnincr fhn fire. It evidently had its origin near the supper-room, which chanced to be directly below Lady Dasenfs rooms. At all events, it was owing to her being wakened by a strong smell of fire, that the alarm was given in time to save not only the house bnt some of the inmates, who might otherwise have perished in the flames. And from this fate it appeared Mr. Manleverer had a narrow escape. He had behaved ' splendidly,' so the Dasents arid ; and as my nephew- elect, I was prond to hear it. chapter n. Upon farther investigation, it was fonnd that while the robbery at Enfield Court had been most certainly planned and premeditated, the fire had evidently been an accidental part of the thieves' programme, as a hastily done-op bundle, ftftnfoTninn snma oalnahln avfiMnn wau discovered jnst outside the supper-room window, as if dropped in a hasty exit. Happily, the fire had been snbdned in time to save the greater portion of the house ; but the damage done, to say nothing of the immense loss caused by the robbery, was very considerable. In due time, two detectives came down from London, and the excitement con tinued unabated in the neighbourhood whilst they remained , but nothing transpired. They maintained an amount of stolid reticence which to the enrions was most provoking; and finally they departed without having apparently done anything towards solving the mysteiy, far less securing the thieves. Gradually things seemed to settle dowo, and tbe robbery at 'Enfield was replaced in my mind by my entire ab sorption in Amy's engagement, to which I had given a qualified consent, ou the coudition that Mr. Mauleverer's family were satisfied with the connection, and that pecuniary matters were properly adjusted. Now that he had actually declared himself, I felt emboldened to ask questions and ascertain everything I possibly could as to the antecedents ot the men who was to be my darling's husband. - He was well connected. His mother was dead ; but his father was alive, aud lived in great seclnsion at his own pro perty, which was situated in Yorkshire. He was reputed to be rich ; but on this point I could gain no definite informa tion. Still, remembering Lady Dasent's ' very well off,' I waB not troubled on the score of money matters. . I had felt it incumbent upon me to invite him to speud a few days with as before he lefc for Yorkshire, and it seemed natural that he should come to us.' I told him frankly that Amy had very little money of ber own — something ieos than two thousand pounds ; bat at my death, I intended to leave her eveiything, which I felt sure he would approve of being tied up and strictly settled upon heceelt 1 thought his expression changed a little when I mentioned this, and still more Bo when I casually asked him in a friendly way if he always meant to beanidle man;forhehadleftthearmy, it appeared ; and I was anxious, for Amy's sake, to see some symptom of his wishing to get an ap pointment or occupation of some kind. Meanwhile, Amy seemed satisfied; but my doubts — born of my extreme affection fur her — began to arise, and refused to be silenced. . Mr. Manleverer had written to his father announcing his engagement ; but as yet neither line nor message from the old gentleman had reached us. It was not treating Amy properly ; and thongh Amy'e entreaties to me to. be patient, and oft-repeated assurances that Atfied j said everything wonld be all right, silenced me for a time, I was folly resolved to see matters either ended or placed on a satisfactory footing before mnch longer time elapsed. In tbe meantime, Mr. Mnaleverer received one morning a telegram, which he informed ne contained the news of the ItlnDQB nf nn nld friend nf bis in London He mast start immediately, if he wished to see him alive. If I did not mind, he would leave bis heavy luggage behind him, and only take a small portmanteau. Unless something very special happened to detain him, be wonld be with ns again in a couple of days. His adieux was harried bat impressive. He seemed really sorry to leave Amy, who was, however, enabled to bid him a cheerful good-bye on the strength of his speedy return. On the morning of the second day. after he had taken bis departure, Amy was expecting a letter from him— evidently, reasonably, I thought, as it was natural . she should wish to hear that he had. reached his destination safely. She was rather restless and fidgety. Perhaps that was the cause of my own almost nervous feelings as post- time approached. I1 could settle down to nothing. J Amy, darling, I said presently, - suppose you take the garden meson and snip these geraniums for me ; they want it badly.' So Amy stepped on to the little lawn with its still brightly filled parterres ; and I watched her from the drawing- room window with feelings of mingled love, anxiety, and apprehension, for do what I might, I could not get over the sense of some impending calamity — something sorrowful for her. Soon afterwards, she joined me, radiant with her letter, the first from him , a very ardent, gentlemanly epistle, I was obliged to own ; satisfactory too, as it contained the information that he had heard from his father, who, on certain conditions, which he saw his way to comply with, had promised to consent to the marriage. A letter for me from old Mr. Manleverer had been inclosed in bis letter to his son ; bat the latter preferred delivering it to me nerannnllv - ennRpniientlv. T — r- — v— -v ; w— — wonld not receive it until his retara to ns. Amy bad an engagement that after noon to visit the Dasents, who were now metalled in a email house they had at some distance from the Court, whilst the latter was being repaired. She was to drive over, taking onr small groom with her ; and I was not to expect her back until after nine o'clock atjthe earliest ; so I was to spend a solitary evening. After she left me, I wrote a few letters ; then I tried to reed ; but my attention wandered. A slight drowsiness came over me, and I suppose I fell asleep. All at once I woke np with a consciousness of someone standing just outside the closed window, gazing into the room, and I distinctly discerned the featnree of a man's face pressed closely against the window-pane. I was uob geuerauy uecwuua, uuii j. cuuuwa « thrill of fear shot through me then, and for a moment I was almost too terrified to stir. The next instant I got np, and simultaneously with my doing so, the face vanished. Bnt the eyes I eo clearly seen might be watching me still. I controlled all outward symptoms of alarm or concionsness of what I had seen ; after a few minntes — to me each seemed an hoar — I moved towards the door, and summoned one of my servants. I mentioned the circumstance to her, and enjoined extra care that night as to onr bolts and bars. Thongh we had neither gold plate nor diamonds to attract thieves, still there was enough silver to satisfy cupidity, and it was wonderful bow such facts got abroad. After the Enfield Conrt robbery, one could not be too careful. Yery soon Margaret my servant had curtains, and I sat down to my solitary tea, wishing most fervently that Amy were safely within doors again. A sadden storm had come on ; the wind had risen to a hurricane, and bade fair to continue dnring the night. About eight o'clock, a message arrived for me from Lady Dasent, telling me that as the storm was so severe, they had ventured to detaiD Amy for tbe night; ia the morning she would be with me early. I was both glad and sorry — glad that Amy wonld not run the risk of encoun tering any larking individuals in the darkness; that she was safely at Enfield ; bnt sorry for my own sake, I felt so solitary and, truth to tell so strangely "nervous. 1 Tbe evening wore on slowly, and as fen o'clock struck I went to my room. It was directly over tbe drawing-room. Next to mine was Amy's ; and on the other side of the landing was the spare room, wbich bad so recently been occupied by Alfred Mauleverer. Above slept tbe servants. I heard them go up to bed, and while I could hear them moving abont overhead, I waB tolerably comfortable ; but soon, stillness reigned over the Wren's Nest. My domestics were asleep. Tbe best thing I could do was to follow their example, which after a time I suppose I did, for I was awakened by a noise, a distant sound from the hall below. I scarcely breathed. I conld hear my heart beating as I lay listening with strained ears, and recall ing with horrified terror the face I had seen at the window. I need hardly say that I was thoroughly awake. Every nerve was strung to such a pitch of tension that if a pin had been dropped, I feel sure I should have heard it. It came again — the sonnd from below— dnil, this time, but distinct; and presently I heard footsteps coming rapidly but quietly up stairs—evidently shoeless feet, bnt none the less audible to my ears. Never since I had lived at the Wren's Nest had I locked my bedroom door ; I had a dread of doing it ; and despite my nervousness on this occasion, I bad not departed from my rule. It was too late to attempt to accomplish It now. Besides, looking back, I think a sort of paralysis had come over me. I heard a hand laid upon the handle ; it was turned cautiously, and the next moment, from my curtained bed 1 dis tinguished a man bearing some sort of small lamp — his face concealed by a mask — enter. It was a matter of life or death to me to remain quiet. Through my mind flashed a resolve to deliver np everything I was possessed of — family plate, my mother's amethysts, all my small valuables, to thiB ruffian, in exchange for my life shonld be demand them. But no such an intention appeared to be bis. He approached to the bed, raised bis lamp, flashed it for a second on my closed eyes; and then withdrew it, apparently satisfied that I slept. It must have -been a cursory glance, for I could not have sustained the deception for more than a moment. He gave a keen look ronnd the room. Onlv the lower part of hie face was covered, so I could see his eyes, small, black, and piercing, with something familiar to me in them, even then. My watch— a legacy from my mother — Lay on the toilet-table, bnt he overlooked it. Evi dently, mine was not the room he meant to rifle. ' Almost noiselessly he vanished out of it; and I heard him proceed into Amy's room next — thank God, it was empty — then into the spare room, where he remained. All at once it flashed across me that by a- little courage I might save every thing and secure the thief. In foimer days my. spare room had been a nursery, and the windows were barred, eo as to make all exit from them impossible. If £ could slip out of bed, get across the passage, in ooe second I could lock tbe door : ahfi, secare from any attack raise an alarm. The agony of fear I was in was each that X felt equal to any effort, Without losing a moment; I glided ont of bed ; a moments pause acquainted me with the fact that the miscreant was busy ; I heard him throwing out things all over the floor. He was searching Mr. Manleverer's portmanteaus ; they were quite at the for end of the bedroom ; so I calculated that I could safely close and lock the door before he could possibly prevent me. Like a ghost I moved oot of mv room on my perilous errand. Through a chink of the half-open door I beheld the man kneeling in front of the larger of the portmanteaus, rifling it with a rapidity acd intentness which secured my being for the present discovered. I bad intended to seize the door the instant I reached it, but something made me pause in the darkness and peer with terrified eyes into the bedroom. He had (JAB UObA Ml '""j null x UUULU QCC UH quick movements of bis arms as one thing after another was hnrriedly thrown npon the ground. Imagine my feelings as I stood within a few paces of him, to see him with the utmost celerity tear open the portmanteau and draw from it a glitter ing mass of diamonds, which I instantly recognised as Lady Dasent's famous circlet, the one she had worn on the night of the eventful ball, and which, with the other things, had so mysteri ously disappeared ! Horror, anguish, and fear well nigh caused me to fell to the ground. I made an involuntary movement ; I thought I was fainting ; and the noise reached him. Looking np, onr eyes met With the strength born of desperation, I seized the handle of the door, and in a moment the key was safely tamed in the lock. Happily for the lives of myself and my servants, the door was an old- fash ioned one, of a particularly strong description ; and having a strong outer moulding, it was almost a physical impossibility to break it open from the inside oi the room. The exigency of tbe situation sustained me for the moment; and enabled me to ronse my three servants, who most at first have thonght I had gone temporarily ont of my mind, when I tried to make them comprehend onr position. It was two o'clock in tbe morning, etill blowing a gale, and dark as Erebus. Bnt assistance most be got. The man within onr spare room might have accomplices without ; our danger might be but beginning. We had an alarm- bell; that most be rang. Four trembling women, we proceeded in a group to the onter oack conrt, where the bell hang, only to find the rope severed. I had snatched np a cloak, and arrayed myself in my slippers and a skirt. The servants were as little dressed as myself. But it wae no time to hesitate ; immediate action must be taken. We must ronse the gardener, who lived a considerable way from the house. Through the dark dripping shrubberies, we flew, at every step expecting to be dragged back by some Iurker ; bnt no one stopped us. In safety, we reached the cottage ; and in a few minutes Ark wright, my gardener and general factotum, was in our midst. .His cottage was within a short dis tance of several others ; and though he wished to go straight to the house, fearing lest the man should have escaped, or been liberated by accomplices, 1 would Hot hear of it. I insisted upon his getting a couple of men to accom pany bim, a precaution for which I saw Arkwright's nice little wife was grateful. This caused some delay ; but it had not enabled my captive to escape. The hall door was fouud open, and everything just as we had left it, the spare room door still closed. By my orders, it was not to be unlocked until the police arrived. Several volunteers had hastened to summon them ; and while we were awaiting their arrival, I had time to think a little of the horror of the position. How had Lady Dasent's diamond necklace found its way into Alfred Mauleverer's portmanteau ? Could he be some awful imposter, some villiau in the guise of a gentleman, whom I had harboured in my honse, and to whom I had meditated giving my niece ? The shock would almost kill Amy. Even I felt as if I shonld never get over it. Who was the man ? A dreadful tightness came over my heart when this question presented itself; a suspicion too horrible. It made the suspense almost too terrible. 13 heard the policemen arrive, and while they were ascending the staira to the spare bedroom, I felt almost choked with an apprehension for what I shonld next bear. The door was unlocked, and there was the thief. He made no resistance ; the game was np. Thanks to ' the old woman,' as I heard him style m he had missed the best chance of clearing a fortune he ever had. Who was he ? Where had I seen him ? The mystery was soon explained. He was the Dasenfs magnificent head bntler — one of a gang, as it was afterwards discovered — and who had, with the connivance of his comrades, cleared off the plate, but hoped to secure for ids private benefit the famous diamonds. The firs had so far npset their plans, that he bad fonnd himself left In possession of tbe diamonds, when his services came to be required in aiding to extinguish the fire. In place of flight " therefore, as be had at first intended, the the wary bntler judged it best to let bib confederates make off with the plate, while be remained with the diamonds in his possession, one of the moat active in subduing the flames, and suggesting the most feasible schemes for discover ing the thieves. Wnftn tnfl r? ntnnltrrapi Aamn 1. _ uwvvuvxvco MiUU UUWU iu Enfield, it became imperative npon him to hit npon some safe place for the diamonds. . Mr. Manleverer was blessed with an over- abundant wardrobe; and during his visit to Enfield, this butler had choBen to consider him under his particular care, laying ont his clothes, arranging and , settling things generally for him. The' idea of temporarily depositing this precious gems within the lining of. that gentleman's portmanteaus struck him as a brilliant one. His intention of coarse was to withdraw tbem directly Mr. Mauleverer's departure was to take place, and he would ,of course have the best opportunity of doing so while packing his clothes ; but his plan by a mere -chance miscarried, and he had the mortification of seeing the portmanteau leave Enfield with the diamonds still safely secreted within it. Mr. Mauleverer's temporary absence front on r house afforded too good «n opportunity to he missed ; hence tbe visit to the Wren's Nest, which very nearly terminated my existence, for the shock and exposure combined brought on an illness from which, for long, it was not expected I should recover. Amy was my tender nurse all through it, and it was from her lips I heard all the particulars of the robbery, in the < sequel to which I had been called on to ' play so prominent a part Happily for both our Bakes, she never knew of the terrible suspicions I had for a brief time entertained regarding Mr. Manleverer. That gentleman made his appearance in due time at the Wren's Nest, bearing his father's letter, which informed me not only of his willingness to welcome Amy as his daughter, bat to settle an income npon the young couple 1 of the most satisfactory description. Shortly afterwards, the bntler was placed upon his trial, and I was called on despite my weakened condition, to give evidence against him. This, however, I was happily spared, as the prisoner, acting on the advice of his counsel, pled gnilty. Indeed, I was donbly relieved, Mauleverer'scharacter was thus vindicated. As the wretched prieoner was being removed he vowed he wonld pay Miss Conrtenay a visit again when his term of imprison ment expired.' However, ten years' penal servitude may bring abont a change in his intentions. Lady Dasent amused me very much uy tuo vuiiiiui mug vicn oaac tuua ul hug matter. ' Do not trouble yonr head my dear Miss Conrtenay, abont anything the wretch may have said ; in the coarse of nature, you will be beyond his reach long before then.' ' Quite trne,' I replied with a smile. 'At all events, I am glad I have lived long enough to be the means of yonr recovering yonr diamonds.' 