EDJTHA'S BURGLAR. By Praxcjs Hodcson Burnett. 1 will begin by saying that Editha wa; always rather a queer little girl, and no; much like other children. She was not a strong, healthy little girl, and had never been able to run about and play; and, ac she _ had no sisters or brothers, or com panions of her own size, she was rather oldfasbioncd, as her aunts used to call it. She had always been very fond o£ books, and had learned to read when she was such a tiny child, that I should almost' be afraid to say how tiny she was when she. read her first volume through. Her papa< wrote books himself, and was also the editor of a newspaper; and as he had a large library, Editha perhaps read more than was quite good for her. She lived in London; and, as her mamma was very young and pretty, and! went out a great deal, and her papa so busy, and her governess only came in tne morning, she was left to herself a good many hours in the day: and when she was left to herself, she spent the greater part of licr time in the library reading her papa's big books, and even, his newspapers. She was very fond of the newspapers, because she found so many curious things in them—stories, for instance, of strange events which happened every day in the great city o£ London, and yet never seemed to happen any where near where she lived. Through the newspapers she found that there were actu ally men who lived by breaking into people's bouses aud stealing all the nice things they ' could carry away, and she read that such mere were called burglars. "When she first began . to read about burglars she was very muohr troubled. In the first place, she felt rather ., timid about going to bed at night, and, in the second place, she felt rather sorry for the burglars. "I suppose no one ever taught them any better," she thought. In fact, she thought so much about the matter that she could not help asking hei? papa some questions one morning when he was at breakfasr. He was reading his paper antf caring his chops both at once when she spoke" to him. "Papa," she said, in a solemn little voice,^ and looking at him in a very solemn manner^ "papa, dear, what do you think of burglars, —as a class ?" (She said " as a class" because: she had heard one of her papa's friends say it, and as he was a gentleman she admired very much she liked to talk as he did.) Her papa gave a little jump in his chair, as iF she had startled him, and then he pushed his liair oft his forehead and stared at her. "Burglars?" As a class!" he said, and there be stared at her a minute again in rather a puzzled way._ '■_Bless my soul!" he said. "As a class, Nixie !" (that was his queen per name for her.) "Nixie, where "is you? mother " She is in bed. papa dear, and we mustn': disturb her," said Editha. "The party last night tiled her out. I peeped into her room .-offly as I camn down. She looks so pretty, whin she is asleep. What do you think of burn! a re, papa?" "J. think they are a bad lot, Nixie," said, her papa. " a bad lot." ;! Arc there no good burglars, papa ?" " Well, Nixie," answered papa, "7 should say not. As a rule, you know"—and !; .re he began to smile, as people often smdod at Editha when she asked questions—" as a rule burglars are not distinguished for moral perspicuity and blameless character." But Editha did not understand what moral, perspicuity meant, and besides she was think ing again. "MissJLane was talking to me the other1 day about some poor children who had never - been taught anything; they had never had any French or music lessons, and scarcely knewhow to read, and she said they had never had any advantages. Perhaps that is the way. with the burglars, papa—perhaps they have' never had any advantages—perhaps if they had had advantages they mightn't have been' burplars."gg£^jM «y3 "Lessons in French and music are very' elevating to the mind, my dear Nixie." papa . began in his laughing way, which was always a trial to Editha, but suddenly he stopped and looked at her rather sadly. " How old are you, Nixie ?" he asked. "lam seven," answered Editha, "severe years, going on eight." Papa sighed. " Come here, little one," he said, holding out his strong white hand to her. She left her chair and went to him, and [he put his arms around her, and kissed her, and stroked her long brown hair. "Don't puzzle your little brain too much," he said, "never mind about the burglars, Nixie." "V/eli," said Editha, " I can't help think ing about them a little, and it seems to me that there must be, perhaps, one good burglar amoDg all the bad ones, and I can't help being rather sorry even for the bad ones. You "see, they must have to be up all night, and our. in the rain sometimes, and they, can't help not having had advantages." It v.i's strange that the first thing she heard when she went up to her mamma's room was something about burglars. She was very fond of her mamma, and very proud of her. She even tried to take care o£ her in her small way; she never disturbed! her when she w.-.s asleep, and she always helped her to dress, bvinging her things to her, buttoning her little shoes and gloves, putting the perfume on her handkerchiefs, and holding her wraps until she wanted thc-m. This morning w hen she went into the dress ing-room she found t.hc chambermaid there before her, and her dear little mamma looking very palp. "Ah, mem ; if yon pleasemem !" the chama* bcrmoid was sayir.fr, "what a blessing it wa3 tliey did'.it. come l>o>e?" " Who, Janet ?" Edith a asked. "The burglars, miss, that broke into num. her eighteen last night, and carried off all ther silver, and the missus's jewellery." " IE burg'av3 ever do break in here," said mamma, " ! hope none of us will hear them, though it would almost break my heart to have my things taken. If I should waken ira the night, and lind a burglar in my room, E think it would kill me, and I know I should scream, and then there is no knowing what they might do. If ever you think there is an burglar in the house, Nixie, whatever you do, don't scream or make any noise. It would be better to have one things stolen than to bet killed by burglars for screaming." She was not a very wise littlemamma, and often said rutlier thoughtless things; but she was very gentle and loving, and Editha was so fond of her that she put her arms round fcer waist and said to her— "Mamma, dearest,^ I will never let any burglars hurt you or frighten you if I cam help it. I do believe I could pwsuade them not-to. I should think even a burglar would listen to reason." That made her mamma laugh, so that she forgot all about the hnraiars, and began to get her color again, and i: was not long before she was quite gay, am- «.nt singing a song she had heard at the n. > im. while Editha was helping her to dres-e But that, very night- \ met a burglar. Just before dinner her ps-pa came up from the city in a great linn y. He dashed up to the front door in a oab, and jumping out ran: upstairs to mamma, who was sitting in the drawing-room, while Editha read aloud to her. "Kcttv, my dear," he said, "I am obliged to go to Glasgow by the 'five' train. • I mush throw a few things into a portmanteau and go at once." " Oh, Francis!" said mamma. "And jusfc after that burglary at the Norris's! I don't like to be left alone." "The servants arc here," said papa, "and Nixie will take care of you; won't you, Nixie? Nixie is interested in burglars." "I am sure Nixie could do more than the servants," said mamma. "A1 three of them sleep in one room at the to . <>£ the house when yon are away, and • n if they awakened they would only scr m." "Nixie wouldn't scream,"s.; ; papa,laugh* Ing; "Nixie would do something heroic. I Will leave you in her hands." He was only joking, hub Editlia did not think of what he said as a joke; she felt that Sier mamma was really left in her care, and that it was a very serious matter. She thought about it so seriously that she Siardly talked at all at dinner, and was so quiet afterward that her mamma said, "Dear me. Nixie, what are you thinking of? You look as solemn as a little owl." " I am thinking of you, mamma," the child answered. And then her mamma laughed and kissed her, and said—"Well, I must say I don't see why you should look so grave about me. I didn't think I was such a solemn subject." At last bed-time came, and the little girl went to her mother's room, because she was to sleep alone. " I am glad I have you with me, Nixie," said mamma, with a rather nervous little laugh. "Iam sure I shouldn't like to sleep in this big room alone." But a tier she was in bed she soon fell asleep, ard lay looking so happy and sweet and ccndui table that Editlia thought it was lovely to si c hu\ Editlia did not go to sleep for a long time She thought of her papa trying to sleep on the train, rushing through the dark night on its way to Scotland; she thought of a child she had once heard singing in the street; and when her eyes closed at length her mind had Just gone back to the burglars at Number Eighteen. She slept until midnight, and then something wakened her. At first she did not know what it was, but in a few jninutes she found that it was a queer little sound coming from downstairs—a sound like a stealthy filing of iron. She understood in a moment then, because she had heard the chambermaid say that the jburglars broke into Number Eighteen by fling through the bars of the shutters.. "It.is a burglar," she thought, "and lie Will awaken mamma." If she had been older, and had known Snore of the habits of burglars, she might Siave been more frightened than she was. Ehe did not think of herself at all, however, Jiut of her mother. She began to reason the matter over as quickly as possible, and she made up her mind that the burglar must not be allowed to make a noise. " I'll go down and ask him to please he as quiet as he can," she said to herself, and " I'll tell him why." Certainly this was a queer thing to think *>f doing, but I told you when I began my Btory that she was a queer little girl. She slipped out of bed so quietly that she Scarcely stirred the clothes, and then slipped just as quietly out of the room and down the Stairs. The filing had ceased, but she heard a Bound of stealthy feet in the kitchen: and, though it must he confessed her heart heat rather faster than usual, she made her way to the kitchen and opened the door. Imagine the astonishment of that bui-glar When, on hearing the door open, he turned roundj and found; himself looking at a slender little girl, in a white frilled night gown, and with hare feet,—a little girl, whose large fcrown eyes rested on him in a by no means Unfriendly way. • i ll be polite to nun, itditna had said, as she was coming downstairs. " I am sure he'll lie more obliging if I am very polite. Miss Jjane says politeness always wins its way." So the first words she spoke were as polite Bs she could make them. " Don't be frightened," she said, in a soft voice. " I don't want to hurt you ; I came to Bsk a favor of you." The burglar was so amazed that he actually forgot he was a burglar, and staggered back against the wall. I fancy he thought at first that Editlia was a little ghost. " You see I couldn't hurt you if I wanted to," she went on, wishing to encourage him. " I'm too little. I'm only seven—and a little over— and I'm not going to scream, because that would waken mamma, and that's just what I flon't want to do." That did encourage the burglar, but still he was so astonished that he did not know what io do. "Well, I'm blowed," he said in a whisper, "if this ain't a rummy go!" which was ex tremely vulgar language; but, unfortunately, he was one of those burglars, who, as Miss ljane said, "had not had any advantages," which is indeed the case with the majority of the burglars of my acquaintance. Then he began to laugh—in a whisper almost, if one can he said to laugh in a whisper. He put his hand over his mouth, and made no noise, but he laughed so hard that he doubled up and rocked himself to and fro. "The rummir-l. .0." he said, in his unedu cated way. " An" she haint agoiu' to 'art me. lie was enfly wry hadlj educated, in eh -.;, . h.; not only used singular words, £jut pounded his h's allin the wrong places. Editlia noticed this, even in the midst of her surprise at his laughter. She could not understand what he was laughing at. Then it occurred to her that she might have made a mistake. " If you please," she said, with great deli cacy, " are you really a burglar ?"' He stopped laughing just long enough to answer her. "Lor' no, miss," he said, "by no manner C>' means, I'm a dear friend o' yer par's come to make a evenin' call, an' not a wishin to trouble the servants I stepped in through the winder." " Ah!" said Editha, looking very gravely at him; " I see you are joking with me, as ipapa does sometimes. But what I want to say to you is this : Papa has gone to Scot land, and all our servants are women, and anaraiua would be so frightenedif you were to awaken her, that I am sure it would make her ill. And if you are going to burgle please burgle as quietly as you can, so thatyon won't disturb her?" [To be concluded in our next.] 