NEW SOUTH WAXES OOUESETG CLUB. Br Notlad. Second Day — Titoksdat. August p. The second and concluding day of the Mew South Wale3 Coursing Club was commenced over Woodstock to-day. Although a dense fog enveloped the trysting spot, it was not lonp before tlie genial rays of ' Old Sol' dispelled this obstacle to couremg. The attendance vras but moderate. Twelve courses were, required to complete the card, and owing to Mr. Whittinghaia drawing Wisueimri, one less brought mUtters to a finish. As usual, the hares were stout, and more than one greyhound was placed hors decombot at the meeting. Air. Fletcher was nnfortnuate enough to lose another greyhound, the one thut ran a bye with Fleet foot. Out of the 45 trials Tun during the two days, only 10 hnres fell victims to their canine pursuers. The Hobart ville States fell to Mr. Whittingham, the well-known and popular sportsman of Victoria, through the aid of his con stant greyhound LegerdemainJ She won all her courses without any assistance of 'Dime Fortune,' never once leaving a trial in doubt, and it -may be mentioned that all her hares came to grief. Legerdemain is a dark brindle bitch, about 521b weight, long, and low to the ground; her pace from slips accumulates as she goes on, while her working and killing abilities stand undisputed. Last year she wen the Norfolk Plate for 32 all ages, at the Werribee ; and this season she was one of the last four in the Waterloo Cup, going down before Shodanthe, the winner. Coralie, tbe runner-up, is a good game little bitch, rather clever when alongside of her game, but lacks pace. Captivity went in something better than any previous form shown by her, but was mfh :r unfortunate in meeting Legerdemain. Bounty, tlie winner of the Consolation Stakes, ran all her courses iu very good fashion, while Bladon had her very 'fit.' Miss Lizzie, the runner-up, ran a fairish grey hound, but was quite out-paced by the first-named. At the conclusion of the coursing, a number of gentlemen, at Mr. Lamb's invitation, paid a visit to the farm, which is situated about a mile from the homestead. Here we were introduced to a new method — in the colonies— -pt preserving fodder, also toSanJose.au American trotting stallion, a couple Of two-year-oid colts by him, and a very nice Nor folk trotter of recent importation, along with a Califor nian donkey, the proprietor intending to breed mules, mostly for the Queensland market. On leaving the farm, 1 Woodstock House was visited.and after drinking- the health of Messrs. l^amb aud Whittingliain, all proceeded to the railway station, where the special awaited, and conveyed the assemblage to the Eedleru Station, .arriving about 6 o'clock. Appended is a resume of tbe running: — . - HOBAHTVUJLE-SXAKES. v Third Kound. Legerdemain a bye, Capri dr Captivity beat Telltale Coralie beat Humming Bird. Ponrth Bound. Legerdemain beat Captivity Coralie a bye. ?' Deciding Coarse. Sir. -3eo. Whittingham's bd w b Legerdemain, Leger keeper — Magic, beat i!r. W. Cooper's !f w b Coralie, by Gambler — Little Hose, and won. COHBOLATIOS STAKES. . ' Third Hound. Bounty beat Lina - ? — Miss Lizzie beat Saidee Wigugnnii-abjre. - ? ; ~i =- ? . .. .?;? Poorfh BoBad ? Boi»ntraby«,-WigTiginiridr - ? ? - Miss Lizzie a, bye. Decidine Course. Mr. 'E. Bladon's bd w b Bounty, by leler— Daisy, beat Messrs. Hall ana Kite's Ik w fc Miss Liirie, by Mister ton — Lady Lizzie, aucV.won. . Eobaxtviixe Stakes {Third Kound). — Legerdemain ran a bye with 'Wrangler, both greylionndB beingtrcatea to a long course up to the homestead. Cnptivity led Telltale about three leneths, and held Ijer position for the second turn before relinquishing possession to her oppoucnt. When okcc the brindle was alongside of her hare she made matters- very unsettled - until giving Captivity another opeahur, when she wrenched twice, and just won before puss csoapea,- Goralie led tip -HutBrniniMJitdi when-each exchanged, and in every racing stretch offered the former appeared to have mortjpttee, nntil luariny the xioeiot the 'hill, wliea Uumming Bird began- to mb--ff b«r oppo nent's points. -The white flag .was hoisted in favour of Coralie, and the' Juagc followed only for a few exchanges, | leaving off when he found Humming Bird deviating from the line of her game. . ' ' ' . . COHSOLA.TION Stakes (Third Kound). — Bounty led up Lina, and throughout a very smartly-run triai, in which a good mmount ot work was done, the latter -won 'to oorert. MiM Llzzte lefl op Haiaee. and jEoarcaty .ever avowed her to score along ttas flat, 'but Bearing tbeclninpot oaksthe fawn shot in for some strong points, but too late to avert defeat, as -tbe hare -escaped. Wigujriron tan a. towelling long bye with ahadaflgher, both grertounds being much distressett fromtbe eBefltg. .''' '' '' '.',' HoBAETTtiAE Btiees f THffl Kbunil).'— I*gerdemttin and Captivity were beautifully delivered from slips, the pair racing to their hare as if lockedtogether, the former Just drawing oat for the turn, and. Captivity shifting the naro round/her onpotwnt killed«d W»B.£- Dp«U IJnm a bye Hobabtvuxe t$Ti£BB (Deciding Coarse). — Legerdemain streamed away six lenrths in-front of Captivity, and during aloD^grnellinf -WM»8 t^ jtto top .ooreraeTOfleft matters hVS'by Bounty, who white in- Tieir never allowed th» Bathunt bitch a ' ghost ot ft show.' Wigngimri wu 