it is a pity that tlie Advertiser should have such an ill-concealed giudge against the liberal land legislation of last session. We say it is a pity for its own sake, since it is unable to contest the soundness of the basis on which the Act proceeds, nor so far as we can gather would our daily con temporary reverse the action of last session even if it had the power. Of what use is it, then to say, as it did on Friday last " that the lands are not exclusively for the farmers, but are the property of the people ?" This is, no doubt, true, but it is also true that the only way for other people to derive any benefit from the lands is to allow the farmers to have them on such terms as will enable them to make a living. Uuoccupied lands are no good to anybody. Nor is it of any practical ad vantage to cite cases of comparative hard ship. The farmer who has paid a high price for his holding is not absolutely, but only relatively, the worse off because his neighbour has now secured more favourable terms. If any .meetings have been held in the North to complain that the con cessions are not liberal enough, as the Advertiser asserts, we have not heard of them. And it is scarcely fair to represent by implication that the party in the North who favour liberal land legislation have asked for an immediate dissolution of Par liament. The Farmers' Association cer tainly has not. They do ask for some further amendments of the law, which will have the effect of extending its beneficial operation in a lateral direction. Surely, it is only fair to provide that those who do not surrender shall he allowed the same conversion of interest into purchase- money, and extension of time for pay ment, as those who do. The Advertiser justly points out, as we have done on pre vious occasions, that to abolish interest on future selections, and at the same time maintain the auction system will be of little use, as the selector will be very apt to add the interest to the purchase-money in calculating the amount he can afford to give. it is not always that events come to tht rescue of moderation aud common sense in the way they now shape themselves respecting the new Parliament Buildings. We have all along maintained that the circumstances of the colony do not justify an expenditure on a palatial building, which can bring us no return except, as Mr. Hugh Fraser contended it would, to elevate and expand the ideas of our legis lators. The Ministry and Parliament were continually warned that the cost of the building would be at least a quarter- of-a-million. In spite of everything a voce of £100,000 was taken ; but it now turns out that the portion proposed to be erected will cost £150,000. Under these circum stances the Government must be com mended for taking the course they have done, in waiting for the assembling of Parliament before anything more is done. We trust it will end in simply building a new Chamber for the Assembly, ai pre sent. The Houses will have the oppor tunity of considering the new Parliament Buildings and Railway Station together. Anu we shall not be surprised if the Mor- phett Street I midge comes in for re con sideration as well. No doubt the Scow- bankers and land racketers of the City will make a desperate effort, but we hope this stern logic of facts will be too strong for them. there will be great disappointment at Port Gerraein when the decision of the Marine Board to abandon the idea of a locomotive for tho jetty traffic becomes known. The Board had conceded the prin ciple that the great length of the jetty and the importance of the traffic required the employment of an engine. On enquiry of the locomotive engineer that officer informs them that the cost of maintaining a loco motive will be £3 Ss 9d. a day, besides repairs. The Board compute the cost at this rate to amount to £1,075 a year, and as the receipts are only £350, they have given up the idea of an engine altogether. Surely this is not necessary. The engine would not be required to work every day in the year. Perhaps three mouths of the busiest season would do to begin with, until the trade developed. It can scarcely take £3 8s a day to maintain an idle engine. And the whole case is one for further enquiry. that useful institution, the Barossa Far mers' Union, recently held its annual meeting. During the year they had had many interesting practical discussions, they had a flax mill, they had visited the Experimental Farm (not having far to go) they were thinking about hops, and the President " having been successful in potatoes " was going to read a paper on that useful esculent. Under the circum stances a little spread-eagleism was per haps natural. But all the same the Sec retary, Mr. Hicks might have refrained from having a fling at the Farmers' Asso ciation. Tt was not right to say that the latter di 1 not provide for " really bene fitting the farmers, and for social inter course." The Union did not go in for politics like the Association. And then the President interjected " We have not had the chance." The Vice- President said they had better leave the asso- Association alone, as the circumstances they had to deal with were so different And concerning tree- planting Mr. Gamp declared that around there they had such little farms, that they could not he ex pected to spoil their ground for the sake of trees. Meantime the Wasley's Far mers' Club have caught the infection of politics, and are going in heavily for agi tation against the Pastoral Leases Bil . Will the Farmers' Union condemn them, tio 1 A notice .appearing in our advertising columns calls a meeting of footballers. We would like to see a Club again started this season, but un less our enthusiasts receive tlie support of the public and the help of another town, we can hardly expect to see them turn out strongly, fur since last season our best footballers have left, and the remainder could be reckoned up in a dozen. Perhaps Georgetown would join them ? If not we must offer our services to another Club, who perhaps will he so indulgent as to accept of the same. As will be seen by the advertisement, it is in tended, if possible, to start a Whist Club to con duce to the enjoyment of the long winter earn ings, and a meeting for that purpose is called for Friday evening uext. We have been shown, by Mr. Hannett, farmer, of near Caltowic, a lamb, which by a curious freak of nature, is possessed of two avell-formed heads, necks, and tails. The necks meet at the shoulder to one body, are of the usual length, and have the appearance of belonging to two distinct forms. The animal has also five legs, four as belonging to the ordinary lamb and one springing from the back above the shoulder- blades, at the point where the necks join. This leg is exactly like the forelegs, and hut for this I limb the frame is not deformed in any way, for the extra head, neck, aud tail are all fully de veloped, and would serve tor another body. "Broadbrim," the New York correspondent of the Kapunda Herald, says : — And now I trust that we have seen for some time at least, the last thieves' carnival. Take it full and bye, as a sailor would say, a million of dollars has been taken out of New York by the various avalking matches. Ten million of dollar.? would not recompense us for the degradation and de moralization which they have brought upon our cit3T ; these with the brutal Sullivan exhibition that New York paid 20,090 to see, have left such an entailment of infamy on us that a gener ation will pass before the stain will be blotted ®ut. The effect of the avalking and boxing ex hibitions is particularly seen on our boys and young men ; and while every newspaper pop-gun is pointed at Oscar Wilde, it would he well if some of our young sprigs who now travel on their muscle, would take lessons in genteel behaviour from this English aesthete. One thing about Oscar Wilde, he is ever and always a gentleman ; if he wears knee-breeches and long hair, lie only does what all the great men of the Revolution di-l, those that did not wear their own hair long, wore horse-hair wigs, and we would he very sorty to p"t Washington, Adams, Lafayette, and John Hancock down as fools because they wore their hair in what we consider a ridiculous fashion. This is a free country ; or at least we suppose it is, and yet wearetrving to make laws how a man shall comb his hair. A woman could wear a cabbage on top of her head, and if that woman happened to he Mrs. Langtry, before twenty-four hours had passed you would see such a boom in cabbage, that they would be regularly called on the Stock Board ; hut if a man steps a little out of the beaten track, men jump for him like a pack of ma 1 dags ; and this puts me in mind of the new fall hats. We have had many vagaries in hats — big hats and little hats, hats with wide rims, and hats with no rims at all, but for utter absurdity, and thorough tomfoolery, we have had nothing like the humor of the latest fall soft hats. The brain that conceived them and the hands that manufactured them should be consigned to an immortality of infamy ; the getter-up of the original design should be con demned to wander through Hades for ever with one of these wool abominations on hi3 head, and everv resthetic ghost that he passed should shy a brick at him till there was nothing left hut the head and the h it, and they should he stuck up on a pole as an eternal horror an 1 warning. We have been shown a letter poste I, in Glad stone, on April 23ih, addressed to Merriton, where it should have arrived the next morning, hut was uot received until the 28th. The envelope hears two Gladstone postmarks of the 26th, one of Petersburg of tlie same date, and one of Crystal Brook of the 27th. The letter appears to have been sent (lodging up and down the line instead of being forwarded to its destin ation, a thing which has frequently occurred to our oavn correspondence. The following is a summary of the traffic on the Port Pirie, Terowie and Quorn Line, for the week ending April 14, 1SS3 : — Passengers No. 891, £312 6s 2d. Goods — 286 tons 0 cwt. 1 qr., £599 7s 9d ; Miscellaneous, £8 7s 2d; total £951 Is Id. Corresponding week in 1SS2 £904 8s lOd. Some curious stories have been related of let ters making world-wide peregrinations in search of somebody ; but the experiences of a postal waif recently deposited among the treasures of the post-office at Elberfield, Germ any, are ex ceptionally remarkable. 3' he letter had been posted at the office in question on the 3rd of July 1873, its destination being Nieolajiewisk, Si beria, where a sailor son of the writer then hap pened to he. When it arrived at its destination, however, the person for whom it was intended had gone away with his ship ; so the letter after re-crossing Siberia, returned in the course of three years to Elberfield. The writer having learned that his son was then at Hong Kong, re directed tho envelope, and once more, in October, IS76, the letter started on its travels. When it readied China, however, he to whom it was ad dressed had left the country. The wandering missive followed him about from one place to another, always arriving just too late, until at length it found its way hack again to tlie Elberfield Post Office, where, witli the consent of its writer, it is henceforward to be preserved. At Repton, England, two business houses, started to play a cricket match. One went in aud the two first batsmen scored 202 and 101 re spectively, without losing their wickets. After this it was decided by the hatting sido to allow the other side to go in. They di I so, and all went out for eight, they followed on and again made eight. Thus the first side won by 287 runs and 20 wickets. Mr. W. Richards, who has for some years edited the Yorkds Peninsula Advertiser, and has now taken a situation on the stalF of the South A istralian Advertiser, was last week presented at a public meeting, by the Mayor of Moonta, with a valuable gold watch. Several laudatory speeches were made. People in this colony have lately been much oxercised as to railway management. They cer tainly do not manage these things better in Queensland. A collision recently occurred near Brisbane, and The Tribune thus describes the circumstances which led up to it ; — The respon sible station-master on this occasion was a youth named Stephen Mitchell O'Sullivan, wlio is the relieving station-master at Brisbane. On Sun day morning last, when the first train which should leave for Sandgate at 7.55 o'clock was past its time, and "within one and a half or two minutes of eight o'clock," according to the evidence of John Mackenzie, the head shunier, Mr. O'Sullivau asked him to run the train to Sandgate as guard, to which he offered no objection, as he had often worked trains as guard. He states that in consequence of the hurry in which he left he had neither watch nor timetable, and he found after leaving Brisbane that there was no time- cable posted in the van. He further states that he did not know before he started that there avere no wayside station- masters on duty on Sunday. He found that the engine-driver, Ferguson, although he had a time- table, had no watch. At Sandgate, where the station was also closed, he enquired of a i passenger the time, as well as of Fergusson, but neither could tell him. Thus it conies out that . Mr. O'Sullivan sent off a train to Sandgate and back with an emergency guard, with no watch or time- table, and who avas ignorant on starting ef the responsible position lie occupied. A 3' ory appears in the American papers th at a wife who lay on her death he-l, in one of the Western States, avas very anxious, on account of her children, that herhusbaud should marry her sister. Having obtained the consent of the I parties to this arrangement, she next entreated that, in order to satisfy her mind, they would go through the ceremony at once. To soothe her dying moments, the prospective widower and his about-to he-deceased wife's sister avere married in her presence. The gratification of her avishes had so favourable an influence on the condition of the wife as to arrest the course of her malady. She began rapidly to get avell, and the first use she made of her recovered strength avas to turn the sister out of the house, bag aud baggage. The funeral recently took place at Garth, Ruabon, in Wales, of " old Betty Lloyd," avho died at the age of 107 years. She had main tained remarkable vigor until within a fortnight of hrr decease. Two of her five children survive her, and are over eightv years of age. An English telegram, in the Register, announces that Sir Wilfrid Laavson lias ouue more carried hi3 Local Option resolution in the House of Commons by a large majority. In vieav of this repeated aud decisive expression of opinion the Government announced their intention to bring in a Bill to give effect to it. The object of the measure is to give the residents in any locality a veto on the poaver of the Licensing Benches to is-ue public house licenses. The Gladstone Chess Club have accepted a challenge from the Quorn Club, which takes place on Thursday evening at the Post Office. The players from Gladstone will be Messrs Good! iff--, Day, Pro vis and Ey. The Neav Zealand Correspondent of the Register avrites : — " Here, are two big things from Canterbury. Mr. Studhohne. a small far mer at Timarn, last week threshed from eight acres S31 bushels of seconds, and a small quantity unfit for milling. I fancy that either Mr. Stud- holme's acres were larger than usual, or that he had measured his corn by somebody else's bushel. In a day's threshing of 13£ hours Mr. Muirhead, on Mr. Millers Wiiichmore farm, got through aa'ith a Clayton machine 2,828 bushels of oats in a crop that went 62 bushels to the acre. Hop-growing is also a rapidly increasing industry avitli U3. In Nelson this year the total area devoted to hop cultivation avas 5S7 acres. The average yield ha3 been 1,200 lb per acre. The Neav York correspondent of the Hailg News telegraphs : — Mr. Patrick Egan avas fouud discussing the explosion avith Mr. Sheridan, John Devoy, and other Irish leaders. He said there avere no people under the sun so subject to panic as the English. "Here's a common gas explosion (he added), and because they are Gov ernment offices the cry i3 raised. ' Oh, it's dyna mite'! It is of no political significance. If it avere the Houses of Parliament one might un derstand it, hub these are merely Government offices 300 yards aavay. Willi our present infor mation we cannot say or think the explosion connected avith political disturbances of any sort. We are inclined to think it merely a gas explosion." Regarding tho report that Mullett has turned informer, and implicated him, Mr. Egan said, "So far as I am concerned it makes no difference if all those under charge in Dublin turned informers. None can give evidence to incriminate me if they tell the truth. I know Mnllett personally is a man of sound business principles and integrity of character. I do not believe he has turned informer. Athletes avill he interested in a feat avhich is quite as sensational and more useful than any " go as you please." The undertaking is thus telegraphed to the Advertiser; — "An adven turous aa'alk across the entire continent of Aus tralia has just been completed by Mr. George Ernest Morrisou, son of the principal of the Geeloug College. He started from the Gulf of Carpentaria, leaving Normaiiton during the aveek before Christmas. After passing Citm- curry lie followed the c mrse of bite Diarnmtina and Thompson, striking the Balloo at Thargo- mimlah and Paroo at Hungerfnrd. Following the Paroo, through country inundated by the enormous rainfall that characterised this season, he eucountered the most dangerous part of the route, having for nearly 350 miles to wade al most daily considerable distances, and to saviin swollen creeks. He crossed the Darling at Wilcannia.the Lachlan at Booligal, the Murrum- hidgee at Hay, and the River Murray at Eehuca. The avhole distance traversed from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourne exceeded 2.000 miles, and this avas covered in 120 days, passing through uninhabited wastes where sometimes intera'.als of over 100 miles intervened between human habi tations. He had to carry a savag with provisions and apparatus for cooking, and this of course materially impeded his route of travelling. He had to carry a supply of avater on some parts of his route avhere avater conhl only be found at very long intervals, and part of his avay led through a district infested hy hostile blacks. He walked every inch of the distance alone and un armed, cooking for himself such provisions as he could secure hy the avay. Notwithstanding the hardships he endured he finished his toilsome inarch in robust health." " Who shall decide, avhen doctors disagree?" We reprint the following criticism verbatim et literatim from the Terowie A ews ; — " wanted a grama rian. — Seeing that candidates for our civil Service have to pass an examination in geueial education scarcely inferior to the matriculation " exaui," at our University, ave avovld like to ask avho is responsible for the delightful hash avhich has been served up in a notice posted at Railway Stations. It states that— avas charged avith being druuk and riotous behaviour in a Railway Carriage at Gladstone, and so on. We thought being riotous hehaa'iour was a thing that could scarcely he, hut suppose our Govern ment toavers over all in authovity, its authority for omitting prepositions is unquestionable. It. might he better hoavever not to advertise the slips of our frail humanity." The Terowie News says that tlie result of the decision in Brady's case on Wednesday, avill he that if the insolvent or his brother-in-laav do not make good to the estate the loss sustained hy a transaction between them, Brady's protection avill be avithdraavn and he avill be lodged in Gladstone gaol. 