MISCELLANEOUS. The Brooklyn police have suppressed the street business of the Salvation Army. A public meeting at Jamestown has de clared in favor of free and compulsory education. The New South Wales Government in tends introducing a very extensive railway policy next session. Last Thursday night's storm was terrific along the Coast, and several casualties are reported. Mr. Dixon is to bring forward a motion on August 15 in favorof payment of mem bers of Parliament. '?-? On Wednesday afternoon last a train ran into a loaded dray at the Goodwood Cross ing. The driver escaped, but both of his horses were killed. A falling off in the number of cases of typhoid fever in the Adelaide Hospital is reported. There are only seven typhoid fever patients in that institution at present. The present population of the German capital is 1,122,330. The next four largest cities of Germany are Hamburg, 389,859 ; Breslau, 272,912; Munich, 230,023; and Dresden, 220,628. No building of any importance is ever erected in Sydney now-a-days without one workman being killed or seriously injured. The hospital records show some alarming facts on this head. The Legislative Council of Western Australia has passed a resolution in favor of granting the concession asked for by Sir Julius Vogel to lay a cable between the North- West Coast and Ceylon. Mr. James Bath, at present chief clerk and accountant to the Inspector-General of Schools, is recommended by the Government to the appointment of secretary to the Minister of Education. -*? The receipts for the opening week in New York of Barnum's three-ringed circus were £12,000. Its daily expenses are said to be £960, of which £500 are spent in adver tising the concern. Professor HaltenboS (Geneva University) asserts that there are 311,000 blind persons in Europe who cost £4,000,000 per annum. He further states that 75 per cent, became blind through their own carelessness aad neglect. Barnumn'e main circus tent, which covered six acres, has been totally destroyed by fire at Chicago. Fortunately there were no fatalities. The old English favorite *' Jumbo' obediently walked out of danger. A small detachment of the Salvation Army now at Port Pirie visited Crystal Brook the other day. The Area* Express says that they made no warlike demonstra tion, whatever, save selling the War Cry, and a small biographical pamphlet adorned with a hideous woodcut of Captain Gibbs. One thousand pounds' worth of seized gambling apparatus was burned in bonfires on the public square in Nashville, Tenn., last month, by order of the Criminal Court. It is asserted that at least 500 gamblers will be driven out of the City by the enforcement of the new Aet of the State Legislature making gambling a felony. A young lad named Barry, living at Swinden Town, was climbing a gum tree on Thursday, and after he had attained the height of twenty feet lost his hold and fell to the ground, breaking one of his legs. The unfortunate youth was conveyed to the hos pital on Friday. — Pert Angusba Dispatei. The Y. P. Advertiser says: — A good, etory eomee from East Moonta. A party went to see a party uto talk to them about their eoule.' When they got to the fence they saw a big brusgue lady shaking a broom at them and screaming 'Go away, we don't want you hexe, every tab must stand on its own bottom; pray with somebody «lse.' Shall I tell it ? Yes, that woman came, saw, and conquered. They fled. '*--: We (Kapunda Herald) are glad to be able to state that the contract for the new Houses of Parliament was signed by the Directors of the Kapunda Marble and Build ing Company on Tuesday last, on favorable terms both for the company and the Go vernment. Several details were discussed with the Commissioner, who showed every disposition to meet the company fairly. The time for the completion of the contract ie three and a half years. The Gawler Bunijip says the publicans are already beginning to cry out that their trade is being injured by the appearaoee of the Army here; one boniface said times are dull since the Army came, and another that bis trade was considerably injured. Whether this is so or not, there is one thing certain, and that is that some of those who were the best customers to the publicans are now members of the Salvation Army, de Douneing the cursed drink, and recommend ing others to leave the demon alone. From Hurchison, North-Westem Aus tralia, news has been received that Mr. Alexander Crawford, of Victoria, the manager of Dr. Hope's station, . narrowly escaped being murdered by blacks. He came upon 38 natives, who were killing a eheep, and tried to drive them off. The natives showed fight, and speared him through the arm, Mr. Crawford fired upon them. A black boy came to his assistance, and the savages eventually dispersed. i Robert Francis Burns has been found guilty at the Hamilton Assize Court of the wilful murder of his mate, Michael Quin lavan, at Wickliffe, in 1880, and was sentenced to death. The prisoner read a long statement, in which he denied having committed the murder, and accused ' the witnesses of perjury. The Chief Justice, in passing sentence, announced that he could forward no recommendation for mercy to the Executive. ' The cry is still they come I' The law examiners should really either make the examinations etiffer or else put catch ques tions to the candidates. No less than six new practitioners, barristers, attorneys, soli citors, and proctors of the Supreme Court of South Australia have been let loose on Adelaide within the past week. Now, the question immediately occurs to thoughtful minds, What on earth are they going to do ? The answer is equally apparent, Live if they can. The advice to be given on the subject would naturally be — Don't you let them.— L. V. Gazette. Red *? Spinner,' who is London corres pondent of the Courier, is responsible for this ; I have reason to think that an amus ing story in connection with the late Paris Exposition has not been told. The Prince of Wales, as may be remembered, took a deep interest in the British section. The catalogue was rather elaborately got up, and the prominent headings were done in old English lettering. The Prince was the first to discover in the edition that the old English letters have been made by the compositors to describe him as ' His Royal Bigness the Prince of Males. It is pleasing to find that although there are amongst some ministers of religion in America as big scoundrels as ever disgraced the cloth, there are others composed of sterling stuff. The California mail brings news providing a striking instance of this. The Rev. Mr. Jenkins, of Mansfield, Louisiana, believing that the Rev. Mr. Lane, President of Mansfield College, had seduced a young lady friend, has shot him, putting six bullets in his body. Both were ministers of the Methodist Epis copal Church. The faded ink on old parchments may be sd restored as to render the writing perfectly legible. Moisten the parchment or paper with water, and then pass over the lines in writing a brush which has been dipped in a solution of sulphide of . ammonia. The writing will immediately appear dark, and this color it will preserve. Parchment re cords treated in this way in the museum at Nuremberg 10 years ago are still perfectly legible. On paper, however, the color gradually fades away, but by the application of the sulphide it can be restored; for the iron which esters into the composition of the ink is transformed by the reaction into black sulphide. Another new steamer intended for the intercolonial trade was launched last month. The following description of the vessel is extracted from a home paper: — 'TheGabo s.s. — On June 5 Messrs. J. Key & Sons launched from their shipbuilding yards at Abden, Kirkcaldy, a steel screw steamer, built to the order of Messrs. Wm. Howard Smith & Sons, Melbourne asd Sydney. This vessel is of the following dimensions i —Length, 280 feet; breadth, 38 feet ; depth of hold, 20 feet. Her gross tonnage is 2,042 ton?-.' Most people think that dee can only be grown ob swamp or inundated land. They are mistaken. Some of the best rices will grow on land of even a dry nature, if one soaking of water is provided just after sow ing, andanother about the flowering time. The cost of this in many places would be immaterial when the value of a crop is considered. Land that would yield under average conditions 20 bushels of wheat would, with the two water dressings named, give at least 50 bushels of rice. Windmills to work pumps for raising water from creeks, rivers, &c;, would cost but a mere trifle compared with the return that may be expected from rice. A Queensland telegram in the Begister states that three New Caledonian escapees, who were arrested three months ago, have confessed themselves to have been convicted criminals. They kave been repeatedly re manded for the production of evidence. The French authorities have been communi cated with, but they state that they will not take any steps to obtain the extradition of the escapees, and it is belived the men can not legally be longer detained in custody. The information is considered of so grave a character that the Government have tele graphed to the Agent-General to inform the ' Secretary of State for the Colonies that the French Government refuse to take back , their criminals. John Chinamsn, of all people, has been showing the world how to treat offending Frenchmen — of the Admiral Pierre sort. To be hunted out of a place with handfals of stones is a degradation to wkieh dogs have hitherto only been subject. Those eo hunted out-at Shanghai ran to their man of-war vessel, and it is to be seen whether their captain will now look to Great Britian for redress — Skaegkai being partly a British settlement. If so, France may seek to set off the affair as against the Madagascar embroglio. It is jjuite evident that the Chinese have their backs tip about the French doings at Cochin, and are no longer content to take assaults upon their territory as tamely as they have done. France will in this way soon be getting its hands full. — * Attrcos.' Business men are requested not to read the following -z — Messrs. Meager ft Co., of Bathiaret, gave a banquet lately in their new premises to nearly 2,509 guests. The surplus of poultry, Joints, confectionery, &c;, supplied a handsome donation to the Bathurat orphanage. Mr. Meager in the course of a speech, in which he responded to a toast of ' the host and hostess,' said u when he started in business he had not enough money to pay for his shop fixtures, but he had started with the determination to be able to ride in his own carriage.' As one of the secrets of his wonderful success he adverted to advertising. 'From the first he had great faith in printers' ink ; he Cully comprehended its full value, and knew that by advertising freely he was talking to immense numbers, and whatever the state of trade, in sunshine or rain, his messengers were faithfully soliciting trade for him in all directions.' A new way of dressing wounds which was discovered by accident, has been in troduced in the clinic of Professor Esmarch, at Kiel, by Dr. Neuberg. Two years ago there appeared at the clinic a laborer who had sustained a compound fracture of the forearm eight or ten days before, with con siderable laceration. He had got a comrade to surround the whole forearm at once with a thick paste of peat mould, en which was laid a rough splint of wood. When he came to the clinic he was in good general health, and, on clearing ofi the mould, the doctor found the wound to be healing beautifully, without any eign of suppura tion. Dr. Neuberg was led by this experience to investigate the properties of peat mould, and his conclusion is that it is peculiarly valuable for tbe purpose of dress ing wounds, chiefly because of its great power of absorbing the product of decom position. A serious military disturbance occurred at Corsham, a rural suburb of Portsmouth, lately, which resulted in a private of the Royal Highlanders (the Black Watch) being so severely stabbed by a bayonet that he was sent to hospital. It seems that four men of the regiment made their escape from the barracks, and that a picket was at once dispatched to ascertain their whereabouts. The guard caught sight of tbe runaways, chase was given, and they were captured, but the party had not gone far, when the prisoners gave the escort the slip, and ran off straight across the country, with the picket in hot pursuit. On overtaking the men a smart fight ensued, in which some of the combatants had their clothes torn off, and those who did not took them off of their own accord in order to afford themselves freer action. In the skismish one of the fugitives seized a plough chain and knocked a soldier down, who retaliated by drawing his bayonet and stabbing his assailant in the left breast, inflicting a wound. Out of the remaining three deserters only one was ap prehended, the other two escaping, one of them, however, minus his kilt. From San Francisco information has been received of a shocking disaster, which re sulted in a vessel being blown up and the loss of about 18 Iive9. The steamer was the Pilot, and the disaster happened at Petaluma Creek, near Lakeville, on the 24th ult. The steamer Donahue was some miles from the Pilot when those on board saw a cloud of steam issue from the latter steamer, preceded by the funnel of the vessel being shot up some 300ft. in the air, de scending within a few feet of the vessel. The steamer herself then seemed to dis appear. There were 12 passengers on the vessel at the time. A search party which went to the vicinity found the captain and two others of the vessel in a field, all being injured. Further search resulted in the dis covery of four other injured men. There were but few bodies found, and the exact number of the missing could not then be as tained, but it was said that the loss of life was at least 18. The appetite of insect-eating birds is wonderful. According to the Rev. J. G. Wood, who writes on the subject in the current number of Good Words a thrush will eat at a meal the largest snail that England produces. If a man could eat as much in proportion, he would consume a whole round of beef for his dinner. The red-breast again is a most voracious bird. It has been calculated that to keep a red breast up to his normal weight, an amount of animal food is required daily equal to an earthworm 14 feet in length. Taking a man of -average weight, and measuring bulk for bulk with the redbreast, the writer tried to calculate how much food he would con sume in twenty-four hours if he ate as much in proportion as the bird. Assuming a sausage 9 inches in circumference to be a fair equivalent of the earthworm he found that the man would, have to eat 67 feet of such sausage in every twenty- four hours. This is mentioned in order to illustrate the amount of work which is done by insect eating birds, and as showing the benefits accuring to the farmer thereby. The etationniaster at South Yam is something of a geologist (writes the Herald.) Having a taste for scientific research he took advantage of the excavatioiw which are now being proceeded with fey the Railway department between the Hawthorn «nd South Yarra statioas. He examined the small reef tending eastward and discovered embedded amongst the rocks petrified sea shell. He has collected curious lots of conehologlcal specimens, which ought to be of great value to the geologists, who main tain from the vestiges foued in. the different strata of reeks on the Australian continent, that this «efltinent many ages or «eons . ago was covered by the ocean. It is remarkable indeed that sea shells should be found amongst rocks 20 or SO feet below the surface a distance of one and a half miles from the sea, unless it is assumed that where South Yarra now stands, and at a much lower level, the sea was for millions of years ago rolling its waves, f Sea shells can be found embedded in rocks in vast quantities in Adelaide, which is six miles from the coast.] A man named Young being convicted, on pretty clear -evidence, of robbing a man in the street, is sentenced to three years' im prisonment. Now one Cummins says he commited the robbery, and Young is inno cent. Suppobing Young is released Cammins cannot be convicted on his own admission, and the witnesses having already given evidence damnatory to Young, cannot change point and swear round against Cum mins, sad «o in ease — as it is very generally believed — it is merely a clever ruse, the real culprit will -escape us well as the selfsacrific ing friend. Singular thing, the dash, and at first sight heroic negation of self on part of Cummins is much admired in some circles, but on looking deeper into it the whole thing is apparent. No conviction could be obtained against him, and Young would fee free, and from the evidence it is pretty clear that, as the irate father said after beating one of his boys under a mis apprehension, ' if he didn't deserve it then he would shortly,' so it didn't matter much either 'way. 'Atticus' in the Leader says that ' murder will out' is a maxim to which the exceptions do but help to prove the rule. Robert Francis Burns — three times tried for two murders — has now found that the slow but sure foot of vengeance has dogged him to death. Tbe bloodhound moves but slowly and quietly after the fleet flying criminal, whom he outpaces in the end. Burns has had a three years' start, and is yet run down. In the interval he has, in his fears, died a dozen deaths, escaping hanging for the murder of one mate, only to be further tortured by two dis tinct trials for the murder of another. The man had apparently a misson for murder, and to be his mate was seemingly fatal. In both cases he wrote to the mur dered one's relatives lying excuses to account for their likelihood of hearing no more from the dead. It was said that the telegraph wires were the ropes that hanged John Tawell, the Quaker murderer. It may be said of these letters of Burns that they were lines that helped to entangle and then to hang him. It is proverbially better to leave well alone, and the proverb would seem equally to apply to letting evil alone, and not following up murders by writing lies. The local paper says : — A few nights since the occupants of a certain house in Port Augusta were aroused from their slumbers by the screaming of a horrified citizen, clad only in a doublet, and a shawl round his loins. It appears that the gentle man in question believes in the existence of ghosts, although it has been asserted that these imaginary personages have not as yet come across the water from the old country. But at all events the ' believer in strange things' changed greatly of late, and a moat remarkable reformation in his usual customs was noticeable. All sorts of rumors got about with regard to the cause of the melancholy feeling which had taken pos session of him, but at last he confessed to an intimate friend that he had seen a 'ghost in women's clothing.' No notice was taken of his statement, but the other night he suddenly sprang out of bed, seized a rifle, and made for some white image in the room. The individual in white (the ghost), escaped being in hot water for some time, as it was more than probable that he would have received a bayonet wound. To that last retreat of ' the glorious' — bed — he was requested to retire, and after much coaxing consented. And next morning the ghost-hater found that he had nearly killed one of his companions. Caffrey, one of the Phoenix Park murderers, prior to his execution sent the following letter to his aged mother: — Eilmainham Gaol, June 1, 1883, half- past eight o'cl ck p.m. — Dear mother — I write you these few Hoes for the Jast time in this world, and hope you will offer up all your sorrows along with my sufferings in atone ment for my crime, and all the sins of my past life. I hope- you will forgive all who have done me harm in this world, as 1 forgive them from the bottom of my heart, as I. expect to get forgiveness from my merciful Father in Heaven, Dear mother, I am; just after receiving the Holy Sacra ment of confirmation, and I am quite pre pared, with the help of God, to go before the judgment seat of justice. Make sure to mind your religion yourself and the child, and I hope to meet you one day in heaven, where there will be no more parting for all eternity, and there, in the company of our blessed Mother and all the saints, we will praise our blessed Redeemer for evermore, Tell all inquiring friends that I hope no one will ever throw a slur on any child or any one belonging to me for the death I had to suffer, and I hope you will never have cause to blush when my name is spoken, as I am paying the full penalty of my crime in this world, and I hope I will not have to suffer in the next. Whenever you see this letter pray for me. No more in this world from your loving son, Thomas Caffbe*. — Larry, Mary, Catherine, Katey, Jemmy, Michael, and Sissy, pray for me. Lord have mercy on my soul !' Colonel Majendie's official report on the explosions in London has just appeared. ' A powerful magnet passed to and fro tbrough-the debris' at Whitehall, relieved a number of minute particles of tinned iron ; and other evidence proves that the explosion was of a nitro-compound class — probably dynamite of the fall strength, about 28 lb. in weight. M It is worthy of special notice,' says Colonel Majendie, ' that the charge in each of the infernal machines lately seized at Liverpool was almost exactly 2S lb. It is not, therefore, unreasonable to suppose that the explosion was effected with an identical machine, identically charged.' With regard to the abortive explosion at the Times office, the facts are not a matter of conjecture or of induction; for the dynaaiite wsa of inferior strength, and the detonator was only powerful enough to ignite, but not to explode it. The curious and important feature of this outrage is that the whole circumstances were identical with those of the outrage at Possil Bridge, Glasgow, on January 15.. Both were attempts with japanned tin bonnet-boxes, 'having slits roughly cut inTBe lids to admit the firing apparatus; both boxes were filled with weakened dynamite; and both were probably fired by an ingenious arrangement whereby sulphuric acid, after eating its way through a paper wad, came into con tact with dWorate' of potash. Identity of this kind tells its own story. To quote the -concluding words of the report, 'These facts, coupled with, later disclosures, leave no doubt as to these outrages, or attempted outrages, being links in one great chain of conspiracy, the object of which is to create grave public alarm, anxiety, and incon venience by injuring public offices and other prominent public buildings and works, while the direction whence the impulse to these outrages is derived is equally un mistakable.' It has been said that the pith of a lady's letter is in the postscript, and as an illustra tion of this, may be mentioned the case of a young lady who, having gone out to India and writing home to her friends, concluded with the following words : — ' P.S. — You will see by nay signature that I am mar ried.' That the same may be said some times of a gentleman's letter is proved by the subjoined, said to have been sent to Dr. S., the late Bishop of Norwick, in answer to an invitation given by him : — ' M. O ? 's private affairs turn out so sadly that he can not have the pleasure of waiting upon his lordship at his agreeable house on Monday next. N.B.— Hia wife is dead.' The fellow who wrote, 'I now take my pen in band,' was troubled with remorse when he discovered, after he bad mailed the letter, that he had been using a lead pencil. ' Garcon, the bill.' ' Here it is, mon sieur.' ' Ha, what's this ? Here's a mis take !' ' A mistake, monsieur ! Impossible, monsieur ! Never are allowed to have mis takes, monsieur. Only one thing there isn't in the ? house, monsieur !' ' What do you call this but a mistake? -You've spelled cotehtte, cfitelete' ' Oh, I beg your pardon, monsieur ! I'll rectify that.' Takes the bill and writes— 'To one t, twenty-five cen times.'' (- I am not in mourning,' said a young lady frankly to a querist, 'but as the widows are getting all the offers now-a-days, we poor girls must do something to protect ourselves.' A travel-stained tramp wag sitting under the protecting wgis of a stone wall, with a newspaper in his hand. ' Yes,' he re marked, sadly, ' Herbert is right. Over work is what is the matter with us Americans. If 'twan't for a few heroic souls like me, men who feel that work is not the only thing to be sought for in this world, the country would soon be robbed of its beauty and its vitality, and the knell of the Republic would speedily be tolled. But as long as I live it shall be my endeavor to stand as a living rebuke to the spirit of unrest which animates so many of our people, and which is hiding so many of our young ane promising men in early graves.' A man of tact always manages to get out of difficulty. The clerk of a parish, whose business was to read the 'first lesson,' came across the chapter in Daniel in which the names Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed nego occur n good many times, and finding it extremely difficulty to pronounce these names, he went through the chapter re ferring to them as ' the aforesaid gentle men,' 