Sketched riC-FICIA'G I2f STItAmtJE PLACES. ."Where to-1 I fancy someone exclaiming jm reading tins title. Well, my friend, if you are patient for a short time I shall endeavor to explain, and at the same time entertain you for . some flve or ten minutes with an account of one of the most enjoyable camp-m^ oot pic-mcs it has ever been my good fortune to enjoy, and maybe you will wish, as I do; it were to come over again with yourself as a member of the merry party, or what would be better still, you will set about'collecting your many young friends and secure their eternal gratitude by organizing one yourself. . Not to. keep you in suspense any longer, .the caves to which I allude are in Tasmania, at the foot of the Western Tiers,: and their ^beauties and fame arc not, I believe much, known in our colony of Victoria. This no doubt -is caused partly by their ' situation bemg in & -/rather wild and certainly not much frequented part of the fair- little island, and partly because.after -along winter- or rainy season, access to'the most beautiful of them is difficult, if not impossible. ' From this you wril gather that they are only to be siBited tn Summer. At-that season of the year-our sister island'lia6 many visitors from all-the icolomesi'-'and-the -summer -of which I have such pleasant recollections was iiosexception to the- rule.- -^,yWith-'-mahy others, found myself, after a year's hard wort ju go-a- head . Victoria, recruiting bodily and mental energies in one of thoEe picturesgue, quaintly, old-fashioned-villages Cue so constantly sees in- peaceful, happy Tasmania My friend's house was situated on the crest of a.iull, with a background of deep hlue 'mountams,;and overloolied the village across some two. miles of undulating paddocks,- through -whieh-a: tiny stream gurglei-and rippled over stones, and round corners, whispering tender pottongs -to the -dioopmg willows ' and -iairylike ferns .tjiat'grew, on ats bankfe:: ... : This particular summer, a few years ago, Jiadigathered many young people in this, and jthe neighboring villages. My then home contained sKix young- girls, some of them just -fresh from school; and full of fun'and-frolic— two of their brothers, a college chum of one, a budding curate, and last, but not least, a young'fellowireslifrom the " on!d eountrie," dubbed , ,by the girls " grcenhom," who, according , tb their ideas, -bad no -mission in life save the . exalted one of serving as a -ljutt' for. then- .gentle pleasantries and marvellous tales of colonial life,-which,--for -all the -grave face of wonderment-and simplicity : he wore, I fancy from, an: occasional twinkle'in the corner of his eye, were not all taken on without the proverbial salt. This party kept the old house merry enongh, and the large dining room, - old- fashioned < school-room; ; tangled garden mth-its wm ding-shady paths lang with,peals of-laughterj snatches : of- song, or formed the convenient icfuge-for a- pa;ir ,of declared, lovers,-® pair of incipient ones, and a three months old bride and-her groom; who; in . my. opinion, were the worst of the' thiee. The village and those around furnished youny-ladiestof their own; besides-isome Slel- bournejNewZealand.and-Adelaide^sitors;- two: thin .bronzed - Indian soldiers on" sick ters,;the.usual-sprinklmg:of-doctors,"curates,: and jnvahds, besides those nondescript things yclept boys. • • After .-several weelca '-of riding,: ! driving, lawn, i croquet;.and :ienms:-.parties—to'-isay nothing »f a, tearineeting •rand-localiconcert^ we found ourselves KDnei-evening 'diseussing witn.much- earnestnMfcihe'. -p'ossibiUty :of a. . ta-ip„iio thejcavesj-itthet- descrjptions of-' which given by the.,natives,.nto.de iaUsthe sisitorsSm-: .patient to explore ..them, j -Be£ore.iseparating.: a,#omindtee-:of'^adies.-was»ppoiatMiao®rrange concerning eatables; Jbedding^^c.'vSiandfor gentlemen to look after wsgonettesj digcaits, and tents One mle we 1 Btwctly : adheied to, to iave no mariied folk; me a Mrs. Easp,rwhose husbtind was travelling in; Euiope, to shaperone the girls," and Mr. and :-Mrs. :-Spoonington, the yonng -conple i^ust^ .mentioned-.^,;We^eciaediio.-ajemaint>»t»Jgasl: three -nigbts out,"and :-finally-=arranged,'to Start the following Tuesday. Imagine foi yourself the babble of-tongues, the turning out of old tasset, 'doaeuiv forthe ooeapiou, with, Iftscrqatrng neyr Tjpwe, &oflutteriug; ofsexeited ypuug hearty mt >-st, bnt not least, 4the: ,atoouBly,studied;wwtlier;:,m^the:iew •veningidaysi ..Atdast jtlie -ininiTungidawned; jparty weie kl the rendezvous; five dog carts- <a speciality of Tasinaman tfavelling), -one; ''"'^gy^atamiiangemeiitMiwhlike^n-enlarged: -on of the "Cobb's coach <it"earliei days;' carrymg, a tliink, iouween. i, with some six, hprsemen, made topSrn^ nurnbef p -thirty-: ohe. A men^, merry jj&riy;, jmd ihe .list ^ jaceidentsGnlyBerveaio'ancreafie-tlieifuiij'as ^om3.one»of:4he\\.ca7^v^£4broken'-.i'em»for .anoth^.'a^messj'-iii^pes^iiole^or.^ew sotheg, 4g&st; last eveiygvehicW^d w ^omelniles^s^rdi^ary-eiiough^SaltinS spectacle Iot.4he:quietmhabitantsi»l®turne® out with wide-opened eyes and mouths io wonder: where we-aU came from^ 'disturbing ^the^SifficefulMeqimeBs^^ of^ilh&r;-^rcetsi:-^:t' .last .we-made -alhalt for. -dinner -at iihejiootSo ^wosteepjockyJiills^ery^ptlyjoalledJiiaHie: jhenvpwji'eayaherSjjWere- waitedGnjandentertained;(ptire^to±hen'content..3?ern--huntmgj ipllpye3.^^s>a .matter at«onrse,.whalet3.-egretpj e.Kieard,on aUsidesj-WhenjKter m .;3iour's : test 'tb-e Jhorses were once moie put to and .aijotbfiiistartTO^ sSfegoteearer.Miatheriscijgot jiear-er to them, :j -till:,we ionnd.-.ourselves-jmpackmg.just at'^he ,€o.ot jof one;of ihe-chauij.in .a ihickly-wooded : bush'Tratbarangeofrathersteep Julls^uBtMi front oi us, and- the murmur. ol a stream---not -far oS.:: -Under- this : ridge of bills we were •$old, ;the;caves ..extended iat - mites.:Iieavin g the horses to be nnharnessed by spjne bf;our inen-folk1-mostof:thepai-tyintsfosaiidthi'ees jnade.^heir .way-jnto. what 3s called the dry •cave,, though "the>appropmteness.-of ,its. name seemed?.rather'-,questionable .when.:?we ^^were greeted onour.entranceto its black-yawning mouth byarushand roarofwater-sodeafening that until slightly used to tho sotuid we were .unable even to, hear-^he ."vpices- of .Wur; nearest, companions. -We scrambled down the steep brnsh covei'ed path, and: wei'e faced by,, huge frowning queer- shaped rocks, i m, , a -large, dimly-hghted: roomj m -which, as our eyes became.-accustomed. to ^theshght,s.wecould..see .several arches opeinng in various', directions. Through these, a, -.considerable, stream rushed with a quick dashing sound over the rocks, .clear, sparkling, and icyicola,. as wesoon foundon yielding to the irresistible temptation to dip.in ,onr hands and drink' of: this living water. . The silence, solitude and grandeur-filled us with a feeling of almost .awe in which no one spoke, but we: sat about on difierent-rocks, -fascmated by the wild and-rugged majesty, or wandered quietly to .look ,in- at : the openings all around, though we were forbidden: to go far unless with a former visitor"to whom -the ground-iwould be somewhat familiar. ,vjn, this manner, after curious peerings over queer chasms and round uncanny /corners, three> of, us found ourselves at the bottom of what might-have been -a -deep well, two sides of which,, almost. perpendicular, opened -some 50 feet above us, and let down flickering beams of the fast-fleetmg day. These sides were adorned-at intervals with-ferns,-and a bird .having its nest m a crevice, darted out and up startled by our steps . and- .TOices. . A third side loomed, far haek m darkness,and, out of at, about six feet up, iumbled our old friend the -stream.: falling down to • a -dark, qniet-looking pool at our jeet.. ;We sat long" on the moss-grown rocks over which we came, and on our .return -found tea had been prepared by the busy workers m-the daylight;,as well as the two tents pitched.:: Glad enough we were of the roaring camp fire and good, fare of the tea table. Tea over, there still re- ; mauled enough light for a short ramble m the many.fairyJikeaiookE that surrounded.us, ere the bell at about -8 o'clock 'summoned all; \- wanderers as a . shgnt -shower was, falling. When grouped in the tents and wagon, ghost, stories and, stories -of all- sorts gave amusement for a good -hour. The supper'bell then -.rang a signal for general meeting -round the -camp-fire,, for biscuits, cake; gossip, .inter; ,change, of opinions, and. afterwards: sleepy good-nights. But though turning in thus early, a drowsy murmur continued 'some time in spite of -orders to the contrary from our worthy chaperone. .. Even then the night •was broken by cnes of -' Ohjthere's an" inchman " on nie! "-from some terrified sleeper, -and, much to the disgust of the other votaries. ,o£ Somnus, candles - were lit- and the- enemy lolled. An inehman, I^may lemark; for the benefit of all whom it may concern, as an ant somewhere over an inch long, a very disagree-; .able bed-fellow 1. As our tent pole was tied io -a large .tree, , the. creatures crawled ,along, it and - dropped -down -:on- some nnfortunate sleeper's face. Being, unaccustomed tp-«uch ^visitors; she msisted on getting rid of them in the speediest.manner possible, and hence the disturbance. , .: Ocable from .the novelty of our.situation.-to sleep late, several of us awoke before 5 o'clock rthe following morning, and hurriedly slipping on : our clotheSj Stole- quietly,away from ithe - sleepers and down -.to -the 1 - cave,-- wher \--we mduiged. m a bath in the clear,icy "water, and feebng as iresh as the new-born morning itself, set out-up the hills exploring. After •some half-hour's hard scramble, we perched ona ledge of roek.on the suinmit of,,the hill belonging to our quondam dressing-room; overlooking-the tall.shadji did.trees of-'the surrounding-bush, and chatting pleasantly as we watched life in the camp gradually starling. Some of the party ofi to see -about the horses, several with towels round their necks, marching .through the bush to a distant creek for their matutinal bath. Others, whose movements were most mterestmg, layr • mg the cloth under a shady tree; and looking, after -those hundred and one -items which mean, breakfast.:- As , we felt-rather, idle on our lofty seat, we concluded that to entertain was at anyrate -something -towards,-earningthe good tlnngs below, so wesang songs,and hymns, winch, echoing .far- overthe.tree-,tops m that solitary place, with the grand everlastmg mountains - surrounding us on a sides, • called - forth -hearty, -and • repeated - corea from thefent folk beneath, till, at last; cries .of, " breakfast '.' floated :up to us through the. keen mormiig. air, add we - hastened - to appease that ferocious .monster appetite,!' which we had discovered m our-early -rambled, : ., ., . . (Tc ibe continued.) . , , ..•:•:... 