THE FOOD AND DRUGS ACT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR-It appears to me that the mayor, Alderman Warry, and Mr. Apjohn do not really understand the question at issue regarding the case between the Corporation and myself with reference to the Food and Drugs Act. They want a portion of the liquor sent to Sydney for analysis that is the very thing we should like ourselves I but Mr. Apjohn s mismanagement shuts us out on both sides by not carrying out in practice the meaning of the Act, and there is no doubt whoever drafted the 19th clause must have been fully alive to the importance of it. It runs thus : "The person purchasing any article with the intention of submitting the same to analysis shall, after the purchase has been completed, forth- with notify to the seller or his agent selling the article his intention to have the same analysed by the public analyst or by the Government analyst, as the case may be, and shall offer to divide the article into three parts to be then and theresoparatod ยก and each part to be marked and sealed or fastened up in such a manner as its nature permits and shall, if required to do so, proceed accordingly, and shall deliver one of the parts to the seller or his agent. He shall afterwards retain one of the said parts for future comparison, and submit the third part, if he deem it right to have the article analysed, to the analyst," Now, Mr. Apjohn did not do so, and therefore the case fell to the ground. If he had divided the parts according to the 10th clause, we all should have had something to go upon, but he seals my portion most securely by a string round the neck of the bot the and then over the cork ; but he does not do the same with the portions he reserves of himself, but puts them both into the same bottle, which on his oath he could not state was clean or not, and never divides them and seals them according to the Act, Now, where is the sealed portion to be sent to Sydney? I don't blame Staigor, I blame Apjohn. Although Mr, Marr, the Government analytical chemist, Professor Pepper, and two other well-known chemists are ready to swear that iron to the extent that Mr Staiger says was not in the liquor, Mr. Staiger says in his report there was half-an-ounce of salts of Iron to the gallon. Here Professor Comraonsonso comes in and says that amount of iron would turn the whisky black in a few hours and then he (Staigor) wants to got out of it by a letter in your issue of this morning, by saying that he had not sufficient liquor to analyse then why, in the name of goodness, did not Apjohn got a proper quantity ? (blunder again stand winds up by saying according to Mr, Marr's report there was something wrong; SO he is not so sure himself, and borrows another's talent to help him out of his dim city. And on the word of a man like this a respectable tradesman is to be hauled up before two justices, who cannot give costs on one side but can on the other. Hurrah for Queensland. It is verily the antipodes. I can tell him there was nothing wrong in the whisky, and the colouring was put in by the distiller for commercial purposes, arid allowed by the Act, or else every parcel of whisky in Brisbane would be condemned. Everyone knows that whisky, brandy, or rum is as white as the purest water before it is coloured. No, sir, Mr. Staiger may be right, but if he is the iron was introduced after it left my house, or may have been in the bottle brought by Mr. Apjohn. There is more, in my opinion, behind this affair than has come to light, but I will not rest until I find it out, and I flatter myself I am not easily sat upon. One thing more, and then I am done. The bottle left with mc was by Apjohn and myself delivered through the inspector of distilleries to the Government chemist, and he says he received it in a properly sealed manner as Mr. Apjohn had done it. So, sir, if he is wrong he is not fit to hold such a responsible appointment ; but, as Hamlet says by the Ghost, " I'll take his word for ยฃ1000." -I am, sir, Sec, J. it- TAYIJUH. Ulster Hotel, 5th June. 