<$he j§cga (6a¡eettc. \ Pum.isttEO os AVed^bshay S.vtuuday ^ - Fiâtut ri J ant ¿tin. , SATU11DAT, APRIL 14, 188:3. Mil. Ciiiustiiî's comments fit ia with the remarks visually made by strangers wlio visit Bega Jiaces or Bega Shows. People who journey from a distance are generally quite weary enough, and expect to ^ be lodged in a manner that will bring the comfort of 1¿ tired natures sweet restorer, balmy sleep."' Towards which consummation a table top, even though.it be that of a billiard table,,.and furnished with a couple of blankets, is not, or ought not to be'thebest means of obtaining repose in the prosperous town of Bega. According to the 'Central Austra lian ' an immense hotel is to be built shortly at Boiirke, which is to eclipse in size and magnificence any build ing of the kind in the interior. The enterprising bonifacë is a Mr. Tho mas liuggins, and our contemporary states that that gentleman is now in Melbourne making all thonecessary arrangements. This building^ when completed, will surpass anything of the kind that has e\ or been started in the colony. It will contain, in all, about 90 rooms, together with spa cious dining, smoking, sample, read ing, and billiard rooms. Also lava tories and bath rooms. The out offices will comprise large stables, coachhouses, &c.; The site is most centrally situated in one of the best positions in Bourke. The hotel will when built, present a very command ing appearance. It has two stories, with verandah and balconies sup ported on enriched cast iron columns and pilasters, extending along the whole front 282 feet. The lower columns have ornamental caps and spandries. Cement mouldings of chaste design are put round all | windows, terminating in ornamental blocks on each side. The windows are glazed With plate glass in large squares, which all tend to give the structure a most finished appearance. The doors of all the rooms facing the front open out on to the extensive balcony, which will be enclosed du ring the summer months by thick canvas blinds, kept moist by tiny jets of water from a pipe running the entire length above the building. These tanks will bo kept constantly full by a pumping engine, which will also answer the purpose of cutting wood for use in the hotel, and forc ing water to any part of the building in case of fire. A tastefully designed dome rises some 20 feet above the roof, supported on ornamental pillars and enclosed with louvers and win dows, within which visitors may eu joy a quiet pipe while surveying the township, &c.; Passing round to the back of the hotel there is another balcony 100 feet long and seven feet wide, from which may be entered the suite of bedrooms in the western wing. Ample provision is made in case of fire by ladders placed along the balconies at frequent intervals. If our capitalists will wake up, Bega need not long remain far be hind the young town away on the Darling. PmiE English. —In the earlier lifo oí now countries there is a tendency towards tho uso of irregular barbarous forms of speech. As population increases and wealth accumulates, a desire grows for mare cloganco and greater refinement. Better served tables, improved dress, inoro costly equipage, handsome horses, liberal support of public charities, are some of the outward and visible marks of indivi dual prosperity and national growth. Thon, education for tho children, music, pictures, and other innocent luxuries are thought of ; and, by and by, language, tho word expression of our thoughts, rises from pioneer roughness, and the people become all that wo understand by the attribute " refined." Tho oditor of thi6 paper has buen remonstrated with for an unsparing exposure of some ignorami •who call themsolves " journalists" ; who place in type the pur ging of an unoducated mind, and send it forth to the world bb literature. And our young people road the bastard English, aud, as thoy read, the falso forms of language fasten upon memory; and then, when the readers next speak or write, these outrages upon -our mother tongue aro re-produced anil per petuated. It is our right and our imper ative duty to protest agaiust newspapor slang and mountebank pretension of all sorts. Hoar what, a Now York writer publishes. Familiarity with tho prophet in his own cauntry may cause protest to fall on heedless ears ; what says the stranger ? Listen !— "Tho corruptor of a language stabs " straight at the hoart of his country. Ho " commits a crime against evory individ " ual of tho nation, for he throws a poison ■ ' into a stroam from which all must drink. " Ho wrongs himself first, and afterward "every man and woman whoso native • ' speech he mars. It is the duty of every " educated man to guard zealously tho " purity ol his native tongue. No inherit - " ance which can descend to an individual "or to a nation is comparable in value " with a language whioh possesses words " into which may be coined all groat " thoughts, pure motives, uoble eutor ' ' prises, grand ondoavors, the wealth of "philosophy, poetry, and history, and "oven tho .beauty of the canvas and the " glory of the marble. Ho who does " aught to preserve such a language, do " serves tho gratitude of his people, as "ho who mars on organism so beautiful " and prccious, merits thoir severest dis " pleasure. Ho who hunts down and I "pillories a slang phrase, a vulgarism, a " corruption of any kind, is a public beno ! ' factor. In tho fulfilmont of tho sacred " trust which rests on him as au cducatod " man, lie adds a atone to the bulwark of " his nation's safety and greatness." Tkmoha miners are protesting with lungs of brass agaiust tho influx of Chinese, A usoless protest, for snrnly tho Ohirniso within the «ilouy ought to be permitted to go where they please. Tanja Sawmill will re-start on 23rd. Licensing Cocut on. Friday next, 20th. ■ • • Bega Land Inquiry Court next Wfldniisday and Thursday. Call, j—' Sh'nVoholders in the Bega Temperance Hall Co. aro invited to think of May 5. See adv. Ir.i.usntATiox.:—À former resident of Bega writes Did you see the " Clown and Ilungry" pictures of the Show ? I am ashamed when people ask me if Béga is like that." This is not the first-time that "the rag" has caricatured Bega. Runs Unpaid For.—The rent for new leases of these runs have not been paid within the period prescribed by the law :—Monaro District, John Mal lon, Merecumbene, £60 ; J. Ramsey and J. Moorhead, Wog Wog, £48. Definition. — When anyone refers to anything done by the skipper of the one- man-power mangle, that injured saint howls, "They are all blackguard-, ing me." But the vile personalities he writes and prints about those he i-s jealous and envious of? Those are not blackguardisms ? 0, no ! " Mal ice," too, he knows so little of, that we wonder he does not spell the word with another I and another a. Pointers' Journal.—None amo igst our exchanges is more warmly wel comed than Batson and Atwater's high-class specimen of typography, The Colonial Printers' ArtJoiirml. The April number is received, with thanks to the skilful producers of an almost too creditable publication. This firm I has issued the prospectus of a monthly j Journal of Science and Art ; subscrip- j I tion to be 10s. per year. Explanation. — A mistily wcrded telegram in last issue is thus explain ed :—The net cost of the Sau Francisco Mail Service during the past four years has been as follows:—£20,601 in 1879, £23,794 iu 1880, £25,401 in 1881, and £20,252 for 1882. The cost to the colony for the P. and O. Mail Service for the same four years respectively | was £2760, £2972, £4155, and £4737. During the same period the' Orient' Steam Navigation Company carried our mails for nothing. Rents Not Paid.—The rents of the undermentioned runs not having yet been paid for the year, 1883, a fine of 10 per cent, has now been incurred. If rents and fines be not paid before the 30th June next, the rights of lease will become forfeited, and leases of the runs may be offered to competition at auction:—In Monaro District, T. Brown and A. Macfarlan, Mount Imlay rent £100 ; Representatives of the late I Francis Fahey, Murrah, rent £10 : New South Wales Mortgage Loan, I and Agency Co., Glenbog, rent £30 ; R. P. Raymond, Kameruka, rent £10 ; Oliver and Daniel Tindall, Nimitybelle ' rent £40; Alfred Tugwell, Perico, £25. I Heiter«.—Standard pretends tohold and to suppress "A Breeder's " letter in reply to Mr. Hammond. To cairy out this ' 'aslanbegoff " the editor says : " We did not read the letter referred to" (ahem!) "and therefore cannot see the drift of the suggestion that the person who prowled round the pen* in moonlight with Iiis hat off could be easily distinguished by the effect of the moon's rays ou the top of his head." "Moonlight with h-s hat off" is a queer sort of " moonlight " ; but when the English tormenter can see "pens in the moonlight," all we can think of is—" AValker." A writ de lunático cannot be far away. Cándelo.—The Union remarks :— ' The Bega Standard says that a ban quet has been arranged to a gentleman about leaving Cándelo ; this assertion is absolutely false. And that £60 were collected at the Davis testimonial meeting; this assertion is not half true."—The Cándelo Athletic Club has issued a generous programme for sports on Candelo's own day — the Queen's Birthday, May 24th. Mr. Cole's proposition to adopt the Shef field method for the Grand Handicap is accepted. The programme is pub lished in this Gazette.—Mr. Postle writes that he hopes to have all the district roadwork, for which money is voted, contracted for by July. Stick to the Point.—No one ever 6aid that the late (sometimes very latè) Secretary of the Bega Ag. Society " charged anybody a farthing for any grass right" in the show ground. It teas said, and truly, words to the effect that this pretence of attending to the Society's business " at personal incon venience and actual loss ' was a "ghost" of a pretence, for he is the wrong sort of a person to do anything for nothing. Instead of a cuttlefish cloud, of non sequilar defence of what ho was never accused of, people would prefer to find what was once passed at a meeting, viz., that the show accounts for 1881 and 1882 be audited and published in the local papers. Telegrams. — We observe Bega leads the coast in the matter of tele graph work. The return published for 1882 gives these figures for the telegraph business at the coast offices : Station. I Mosaagus. Batoraau'sBay. Bega Bruugliton Creok Gerringong .... Jamberoo I Jcrvis Bay .... Kiamii Moruya Nelligcn ...... Nowra Shollliarbour.... Torrara "Wollongoiig.... Wolumla.—From Wolumla wehear tliat great preparations are being made for the opening ceremonies in connec tion with the School of Arts, which is to be formally dedicated to public use next Tuesday. A dinner will take place at 3 o'clock ; the addresses and opening ceremony willcommence about 6 p.m., and dancing at about 9 p.m. The now building is now being decor ated with flags and evergreens. It is understood that a string band is en gaged for the dancing, and the brass band is to play at the dinner and throughout the day. Tho tickots com mand ready salo, and a pleasing rosult of tho day's proceedings is expected. To the Pkess.—The cool impudence I of some people wlio desire to advertise their wares is nearly sublime. Ilerä is a recent case of the di opriotors orí the—let us|i&y; í : The men ^rfitethuR : We submit an* advertiaonieiit"" ^ovej* ¡half a column). " we are prepared to seud you in pay ment our " jïalm," (J) at wholesale pj'icc, (!) if you will insert this for so much,'' naming a figure equal to about one-sixth of the standard price. Let our contemporaries steadily refuse to insert advertisements at rates that do not pay for composition and paper, and in the long run advertising^ will not be asked for below its legitimate value. These cheap jacks would not offer their low prices and their "Balm" to the S. M. Herald, and if the provin cial press continue to be • insulted by offers of pauper pay, it is because the mana gers\p.ct so as to deserve what they get. Monday's Stohm. — On Monday morning in Sydney, 6ays the E. News, the sun rose in a clear blue atmosphere, aiid as it ascended tho heavens, threw out streaks and streams of goldep light, which gave to the sky a magni ficent appearance. A few minutes afterwards heavy banks of black clouds gathered in tho south and travelled towards the sun, which was rapidly lost to view behind them. The ap pearance of the sky at this time was grandly beautiful ; the clouds appear ing to be alternately formed^ of gold and jet. Heavier and heavier grew the clouds, darker and darker became the morning, until there was a mass of heavy black obscuring the sun, and the golden streaks and shades had vanished. Suddenly the sky was^illu minated by a brilliant flash of light ning, followed immediately afterward, by a heavy peal of thunder, which lasted for several minutes before it finally rolled away. At the same time the heavens seemed to open, and- the rain poured down in a deluge. Flash followed flash, and roar succeeded roar while seas of rain poured down for an hour continuously. Between 8 apd .9 it cleared up, but has been dull and showery since. (A similar storm came over Bega much earlier'on Monday.) Wesleyaít.—Members of this com munion who have an interest in " York street " may read the following with at- | teation. It is the Evening News that says :—" The Bev. John Oaborne, late of Newcastle, who has been transferred to Sydney to take charge of the York-street Wesleyan Church, preached his first ser mon in that temple on Sunday. The sub ject of his discourse was ' Rational Christianity,' and from the sentiments which he enunciated, it is clear that the reverend gentleman is somewhat in ad vance of his clerical brethren in the - Wes leyan communion. He delivered a spirited address, and was listened to with pro found attention by a very much_ larger congregation than has assembled in this important church for a very long time. Mr Osborne would appear, judging from his sermon yesterday, to incline to ethical rather than dogmatic teaching. Under Mr. Osborne's regime the York-street Church may be said to have entered upon a new era, and one lesa likely to be hampered by traditional environments." [Greater satisfaction would be .given to lovers of York-street if Mr. Osbornes, maiden effort in his new pulpit had been described in clearer terms. To say that he is in " advance "of his clerical brethren may mean that ho is theologically unfit to occupy a Wesleyan pulpit ; or it may mean that every preacher in theconnexion is gra'les below Mr. Osborne in culture and brain-power. By •• ethical rather than dogmatic" we infer that Mr. Os borne is both more and less than a Wes leyan minister, whilst the " era less ham pered by traditional environments " is a euphemism suggestive of every-ism and heterodoxy known to modern polemics.— Ed B. G.] The Band.—Professional aid not being at hand, Mr. Boone has long striven to keep together the few play ers who turn out on public occasions with cornet, saxhorn, olarionette, and drum, to enliven our local public ga therings. Mr. Boone is named as the recognised leader, and because he has shown his enthusiasm in a manner musicians can appreciate. Mr. Boone's forte is to blow into that Krupp of brazen instruments, the big brass horn; even- with the old, -battered, circus abused, crinkled and wrinkled bass, he was able to perform in a way that filled Cramer with delight. Bemem bering this, and then seeing him grap ple with a cornet—a totally different instrument ' for lip work—-so that a stream of melody might be kept up, without which the band would be use less, it must be acknowlodged that considerable credit is his due. And the other players, who have manfully stuck to their leader, are worthy of re cognition. We hear that the perma nent staff óf tho band may be written down seven, including the drummer. But if band matters can bere- orçanized, others will join. A proposition is made: Let a teacher be engaged for twelve months; after a year's good instruc tion the band will have gathered force to go on with better success. We be lieve that for £3 a week a competent teacher mn be had, to whom private tuition would be worth another £1 or 30s. About £190 is required. This money should be subscribed, and.plaoed in a Bank to the credit of a committee, so that, week by week, the bandmaster can be paid. For the year, fourteen players might be enrolled, who should pay Is. 6d. per week, for instruction, and give their services free on, say, I seven publie occasions during the year. A secretary and treasurer will be wanted. The feeB bring back £54/12. Three concerts "will produce at least £36. Show, races, and two other en gagements may give another £40clear; total £130. Thosecarninga Bliouldbo paid to the Bank account, and can ac cumulate to carry on the band during a second year. Without further detail tho belief may be stated that no diffi culty heed exist in supporting a brass band. A meeting, is to be held on Monday next, to devise ways _ and means. Put the matter on a business footing, and all will go smoothly. The i editor will be glad to assist. | An influential committoo ol Bathurst | ladies has beon formod for tho purposo of arranging a bazaar oil a largo nenio, to bo hold in Soptcnibor next, in aid of tho hall fund of tho School of Aits. Corrobboree.—Kendall's "And he sees, through the rents of the scattering fogs, the Corrobborree warlike and grim" is about to be illustrated in real life. We have information that the dusky sons of the soil, with their sisters, cousins, and aunts, are gathering into Bega for the purpose of soon holding a corrobboree on a grand scale. About twenty-eight years ago the aboriginal population of this and adjacent districts mustered for a dance on the old Woolshed Flat at Stony Creek. Then the tribes were over 800 strong; now, the fading remnants will not exceed 60\. We believe the last corrobborree was at Bermagui, about 16 years ago. This " big corrobborree comin' up, cobbon big fellow " is likely to be the last held in Bega. 