O; l||TO:jrfiE AIR. i' in the Setnlaipogippcl of Moboow, •ndtfortan ypara «ppl'ted «nyeelf intensely to cbemieiry^. whole tbongHtB were \- gaged wereiLengiigea on 'the contemplation of gravity. < A1 length I discovered the aotnal ingredients bf tbis omnipresent' agent. It is little%i6re than a combination of carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, and asote; bnt tbe proportiocB |ot these constituents bad loDg baffleSjoe, and i still withhold tbem from xa^ Bpeoie^.for obvious reasons. Tbe next step was "to discover the decomposition and neutralisation and of its parts in any snb- , BUnceitjleasore., X constrnoted a gravity pomp—applied it to my body—turned tbe awful engine, and stood in an instant, the first of all created beings', devoid of weight! Up eprnng-my bair—my arms swung from their eides above tbe level of my ebouldere ' but the involuntary aotion of the muscles, whioh were no longer ourbed by tbe reaction of tbeir weight. I langbed like a fool or fiend, closed my arms oarefolly to my Bide, compressed or conoealed my bristling bair under my cap, and walked forth from my Study toeeek some retired spot in the city, Where I anight moke ,tbe instant experiment «f a jump'. i' With the greatest difficulty I perre»ered a deoentgait.. latood behind tbe cathedral,of tbe Seren Towere; nobody was near —i.-X; looked ; burripdly/ around and made the springI:. I rose withn slow uniform motion, but 'imagine tpy horror and distress'fefaeh I found that notbing but the mere resistkiicie -of the air opposed my pro-" greBB,-uid 'Whenit tat last stopped my flight, I found myself man'y iinndred feet above the oity, motionless and-destitute of every means of decent I cursed myself for overlooking BO obvipuB a restilt. My soreams'drew thousands of the people. I was toohighio.be personally known. They oalled to me and I answered, but tbey were nnable to catch - the. import, for sound, like myself, rises be'ter than it falls. I beard myself-cblled an angel, a'ghost, a dragon, Bn nniporn,'and a devil. I saw aprooession of priests oome nhder me to exercise me, but bad Satan himself been free of gravity, be bad been as' imable to desoend at their bidding es myself. At- length the fickle mob began to jeer at me, .Tbe boys tbrew stones at me and a olever mhrbeman aotuBlIy Btraak me on tbe side witb a bnll^itwastoo high to penetrate—it'merely gave me oonBiderable pain, and drove me a few feet bigber and sank again to ; the: ground. Alas L I thought would to God it hadlpieroed me, for even its weight wonld iave dragged me baok to earth. At length tbe shades of evening hid tbe city 1 from my right; the murmur 'of the orowd gradually died away, and there I still was, cold, terrified and motionless—pearer to heaven tban such a fool could merit to rise again. What was to be tbe end of tbis ? I must starve and be stared at; I poured ont a torrent of incoherent prayers to heaven, bnt heaven seemed aB deaf as I de. served. Imagine my joy when a breeze sprang up, and I felt myself floating in darknesB over tbe town. But even now new , borrors seized.me; I might be driven into tbe Moskwa and be drowned; I might be dashed against-the-oaihedral and oruebed. Jnst as I thongbt this, my head struok violently against , tbp great bell of Boris Godiltmff ; the blow and the Jeep intonation of the bell deprived me for some minutrs of life and reoollection. When I revived I foundTwas lying gently pressed by tbe breeze against the balustrades. I pulled myself oarefnlly along the oburob, pushed myself down tho last column, and ran as Straight as my light snbstance wonld permit me to my bouse: Witb far greater joy than when I bad been disrobed «f it, J-speedily applied a projer condensation of gravity to my body, fell on my kneeBjto thank -heaven • for my deliverance, 4 and slupk into , bed, thoroughly ashamed of my day's performance. Tbe lifejBtiaay; ito efcoape suspicion, I joined tbe re-assembled crowd, looked upwards serious M tbp rest/gazed about for yesterday's phenomenon', and I dare say was tbe only one wbo felt no disappointment at its disappear- KOOB. —-Dales of a Chemist, 