GHOSTS, OLD AND NEW. (Irish Times.) ALL tellers of pet ghost stories firmly believe in their authenticity. This is an admitted fact. And all who fancy they have seen disembodied spirits or spectral appari- tions are equally satisfied that they were not under any delusion, mental or physical. The vision of a head which haunted the late Earl Grey was said by many to have been a species of monomania or optical deception, but when the head presented itself to the eyes of other members of his own family that theory broke down. The second Marquis of Londonderry, better known as the celebrated statesman Lord Castlereagh, told at one of his wife's supper parties in Paris, in 1855, the following supernatural tale with the most perfect gravity. Sir Walter Scott was amongst the hearers, and often repeated it: Lord Castlereagh, when commanding in early life a militia regiment in Ireland, was stationed one night in a large, desolate country house. His bed was at one end of a long, dilapidated room, while at the other extremity a great fire of wood and turf had been prepared within a huge, gaping, old fashioned chimney. Waking in the middle of the night, he lay watching from his pillow the gradual darkening of the embers on the hearth, when suddenly they blazed up, and a naked child stepped from amongst them on the floor. The figure advanced slowly towards him, rising in stature at every step, until on coming within two or three paces of his bed it had assumed the appearance of a ghastly giant, pille was death, with a bleed- ing wound on the brow, and eyes glaring with rage and despair. Lord Castlereagh leaped From his bed, and confronted the figure in an attitude of defiance. It re- treated before him, diminishing as it withdrew in the same manner that it had previously shot up and expanded. He followed it, pace by pace until the original childlike form disappeared in the embers. When Lord Londonderry died by his own hand, in 1822, Sir Walter Scott said This explains a story he told me of his having seen a ghost, which I thought was a very extraordinary narrative from the lips of a man of so much calm sense and steadiness of nerve. But, no doubt, he had been subject to aberrations of mind, which often create such phantoms." We cannot see how the suicide of Lord Londonderry explains the ghostly appearance of so many years before. Neither can we quite admit that 7io doubt of habitual mental wanderings, of which no evidence is offered, and none, as we believe, has ever been recorded. The Marquis bore through life the character of one endowed with most unusual self-posses- sion and an even temperament. The suicide, in all probability, proceeded from some immediate excitement or incidental cause, rather than from any constitutional tendency. The most trust worthy chroniclers of the day made no allusion to the latter possibility. They attributed the act to the harassing labours of the late session, as well as to many mortifying reflections on his political character, with which the daily and weekly organs of public opinion opposed to the Government abounded. The coroner's inquest brought in a verdict of insanity, and his lordship's remains were interred in Westminster Abbey. Such was his unpopularity at the time, that while his coffin was being removed from the hearse into the sacred edifice yells of exulting execrations were uttered by the surrounding populace, Then, as now, the destructive principles of infidelity and sedition had many loud-tougitcd advocates, of whom a typo presented itself in the ignorant drunkard who was taken up in the Strand for shouting, "No King, no Church, no Constitution, no nothing at all !" Not content with the ostensible causes of the self-destruction of the Minister, more than one scandalous story was propagated by his enemies injurious to his character ; but they obtained little credit, and in all probability were the pure inventions of malevolence, without the least foundation. Lord Byron, in his ribald poem of "Don Juan," and also in one or two unworthy epigrams, sneered at the sad event in the tone which will well thinking persons felt to be more disgraceful to the writer than to the unconscious subject of his sarcasm. The gifted poet forgot what Shakspeare puts into the mouth of King Henry VI. at the deathbed of Cardinal Beaufort " Forbear to judge, for we are sinners all." The precept is "too often unheeded, but cannot be too frequently recalled. The supernatural appearance referred to above may have been a dream, as it occurred at night, when the narrator was in bed ; although Lord Londonderry declared he was awake. We have heard a person of credibility say he once dreamt he was asleep and dreaming ; that he awoke and dreamt again, taking up the interrupted sequence of thought and action, as if nothing had broken it, and still under the conviction that he was asleep all the time. It is beyond the scope of theory or reasoning to account for dreams. This ghostly child recalls another story of a juvenile fetch, or wraith, or whatever the proper term may be, lately told to the present writer by a friend, a senior of his own standing, which presented itself to him a long time ago in Wales, when he was fishing in the river Usk. The teller of the tale is essentially a practical, ' rather than an imaginative or romantic, individual, with nothing dreamy or Hilliers lit ions in his mental or cerebral development. Strolling down the bank on a fine summer's day, rod in hand, on the look-out for a favourable spot in which to try n cast, he stopped at a place which appeared inviting. The Usk abounds in rocky islets. Opposite to him, and near the centre of the stream, was one of these, rather elevated. On the other side, between the rock and the mainland, the current ran with much rapidity, and somewhat turbid ly, as if disturbed and intercepted by. obstacles below the surface. The depth of the water was much greater than that on the side our fisherman had selected. This he knew from former visits and observations. Suddenly he looked up and saw a little girl, of 6 or 7 years old, in a bonnet and cloak, with a basket on her arm, standing quite alone, on the summit of the island. She remained for some time, and he continued to look steadily on the unexpected object, wonder- ing how she got there, as without a boat access to the place where she stood was utterly impossible. He had his fishing boots on, and tried to wade across to her, but the river was too deep. Determined to satisfy himself, he moved farther down until he reached a fordable point, and crossed over to the other side. There to his increased surprise, he saw the child standing, having left the island. To vestige of a boat, or raft or any contrivance by which her passage could have been effected presented itself. This, of course, added to his astonishment., and he walked towards her. When within a short distance, she moved act OPS a field, or two, in the direction of a cottage on an eminence, backed by a wood ; ascended some steps on the side of the hill, opened the door, and disappeared within. There could be no mistake. He was certain of the face and identity of the person, for he had noted her dress and appearance with minute attention. He followed quickly, reached the cottage, knocked at the door, and was told to come in. He did so, and saw a man, and a woman, apparently his wife, sitting by the kitchen fire. The attitude of the man was desponding ; his head on his hand, while his elbow rested on the knee. The visitor asked where the little girl was who had just preceded him into the cottage. The reply from the man was, " No little girl has entered here ; we had but one, and we lost her some months ago ; she is dead." He then pointed to a cloak, bonnet, and basket on the wall, and said, " Those were hers, and there she always left them." The stranger instantly recognised them as those he had seen. "Then," replied the man solemnly, "you have seen her fetch ! She was our only child, most dear to us, and allowed by all to be the best girl in the school she attended." After a little more conversation, he pressed a gratuity on them, which they were unwilling to take, and not liking his own reflections, left the cottage. He then went to the school, in the immediate neighbourhood, to obtain further particulars. Everything he had been told was corroborated by the schoolmistress, who also took him to the child's grave in the village church- yard. Here the incident ended. Nothing more ensued, nor had the person to whom the vision appeared the slightest connection or interest in the parties concerned. He cannot put suade himself that it was a bona-fide ghost, and to this hour remains undecided as to what it really was. Of this he is certain, that he was not asleep, and that what he saw and did were not the vapours of a dream. Sleep overpowers people in strange positions, and it is quite possible to be so over- taken when fishing on the banks of a river ; but to retain a salmon rod in hand, and not drop or lose it, under such conditions, exceeds the category of possibilities. Besides, where was the money that had been given on this particular occasion, and certainly no longer in the bestower's pocket 1 We ourselves have a distinct recollection of walking a considerable distance, during a night march, in a state of perfect somnolency from fatigue, but the hands were empty and nothing dropped or lost. On another occasion, going up Mount Etna by night, so as to reach the summit for sunrise, one of the party dropped from his mule asleep, whereupon the dumb quadruped halted until he should get up again. Being missed two of his companions, with the guide, came back to look for the absentee and found him locked in deep repose on the pathway and the mule standing by him in the same state of happy obliviousness. A strange incident, which has been in print before, occurred in the life of General Sir John Sherbrooke, who died in the year 1830\. He was another man with as little romance in his composition as could possibly be imagined. A good executive officer but hot and peppery as cayenne, his temper not being improved by a deranged liver the result of long service under the scorching sun of India. In the year 1785 he and General Wynyard, then very young men, were officers in the same regiment, stationed in Canada. On the 15th of October in that year, about 4 o'clock p.m., before dusk came on, they were seated in Wynyard quarters, engaged in study. It was a room in a blockhouse, with two doors, the one opening on an outer passage, the other in the latter officer's bedroom, from which there was no exit except by returning through the parlour. Sherbrooke, happening to look up from his book, saw beside the door which opened on the passage the figure of a tall youth, apparently about twenty years of age, but pale and much emaciated. Astonished at the presence of a stranger, Sherbrooke called the attention of his brother officer, sitting near him, to the visitor. "I have heard," he said, in afterwards relating the incident, " of a man being as pale as death but I never saw a living face assume the appearance of a corpse except Wynyard's at that moment." Both remained silently gazing on the figure as it moved slowly through the room, and entered the bedchamber, casting on young Wynyard, as it passed, a look, as his friend thought, of melancholy affection. The oppression of its presence was no sooner removed than Wynyard grasping Sherbrooke's arm, exclaimed, in, scarcely articulate tones, "Good God, my brother !" Both anxiously waited the arrival of the mail from England ; some of the officers, meanwhile, induced Wynyard to confess with much reluctance what he had seen. Great excitement was produced throughout the regiment in consequence. When the expected vessel arrived, there were no letters for Wynyard, but one for Sherbrooke. As soon as he had opened and read it he beckoned Wynyard from the room. They remained closeted for an hour. On Shorbrooko's return the mystery was solved. It was a letter from another officer, begging Sherbrooke to break to Wynyard the news of the death of his favourite brother, who had expired on the 15th of October, and at the same hour at which the friends saw the apparition in the blockhouse. Some years afterwards, Sherbrooke, then in England, was walking in Piccadilly, London, when on the opposite side of the street he saw a gentleman whom he instantly recognised as the counterpart of the mysterious visitor. Crossing over, he apologised for his intrusion, and learned that he also was a brother-not a twin, as some accounts have it-of Wynyard. More than once, and long after, when some allusion to the incident was made in General Sher- brooke's presence, he interposed, with strong emotion, saying, "I beg that the subject may not again be mentioned." The impression on the minds of those who heard him was that he considered the matter too serious to be talked of. General ' Paul Anderson, a distinguished Peninsular officer, who, when a major on Sir John Moore's staff, assisted at the burial of that gallant soldier on the ramparts of Corunna, corroborated the facts here repeated, as having heard them direct from Sir John Sherbrooke" own lips a short time before his death ; adding that Sir John assured him also, in the most solemn manner, that he believed the appearance to have been a ghost or disembodied spirit, and that this belief was shared by his friend Wynyard. Strong evidence, more than forty years subsequent to the event. 