THE ANGLICAN BISHOP AND THE SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION. On Friday evening, June 29, a service of a more than usually interesting nature was held at St. Peter's Cathedral, in which a large cumber of persons took part. Dedicated as the cathedral is to St. Peter as its patron Esiiit, it has always been the custom that special services should be held upon the festival of St. Peter's Day, but Bishop Reunion has . this year introduced a new element of excep tional interest, which not only had the effect of rendering the attendance on Friday a very large ere, but also gave to the service s peculiarly diocesan character, in the fait that the congregation represented the leading church workers from aU the parishes within the boundaries and within easy access of Adelaide. When requested to give a special address to the teachers in Sunday-aohoolS'ni connection with the union, Bishop Kennion fixed St. Peter's Day as a fitting occasion for such a meeting. It was felt that not only was St. Peter's Day associated with memories near and dear to many who tad watched the cathedral rise from the ground, but that as the cathedral church of the diocese nomoresuitable place or day could be found for gathering together and reminding of their common bond -of -action those -who as active workers in the cause of the church which they supported had undertaken the teaching of the children in the Sunday schools of the parishes where they lived. The prayers, were said by Canon Green, and fcha lessons were read by the Rev. F. S. Poole and Canon Andrews. Bishop Kennion took for his text part of 15th verse of St. John, 21, 'Feed my lambs.' He first alluded to the special appropriateness of the day for hold wg such a gathering. The first biahep of the see had been consecrated in the ancient Abbey of Westminster on St. Peter's Day, and we had now in our midst our College-of St. Peter. He would pray that God would grant to him arid to all of them more and more of the spirit of St. Peter. The words 'Feed my sheep' had been uttered on a very memorable occasion. Our Lord was restoring St. Peter to the position he was to hold up the shepherd of the.aheep. One of our Lord's «wn titles was that -of the ' Good Shepherd,*' and He had taken it be cause there was no other title -which -so aptly -described the close union between.our Lord, acd his followers as the relationship which, existcd~batween the eastern shepherd and his sheep. - He would, ask them -to notice first the - need that existed of feeding the sheep. . It was on account' of this need that bur Lord gave this as a special-charge to His church, and because the church had recognised her duty in this respect, the old custom of- cate- - chising children had arisen. That now in days when it was difficult to carry this out: as fully as had been originally intended, the church hadfound no better or higher task than instruction in the Sunday-school from those who so lovingly worked among the children. He recognised that they had accepted a great responsibility- in the work, which - in the ^ church's .way .they were endeavoring to. carry out. There were two principles which must actuate them— first, love to the blessed Lord Himself. It was impossible that they -as Sunday-school teachers could do their work if they were not penetrated . with love for Him, and so it was that before our Lord commissioned ^Sf Peter, He asked the que*. . tion, ' Loves* thou Me?' Would they-make answer, 'Lord, Thou knowest that I love Thee*' He would not pursue the mibject ; it was best learnt on their knees in their secret chamber. Then, secondly, he. would bave them notice there was something more than : repetition in the command. It was. Feed; my lambs,- shepherd my sheep, -feed my little sheep. Our Lord recognised a distinction. It was .sot simply dealing out instruction anyhow— there was need of special treatment for each — there was need' of tender nourishment — there was need of individual attention ; they would learn from uus now tnongntfuuy tbey must give their teaching. He would ask them to gather up a few simple principles with regard to their teaching which were all concentrated in_ the little kword 'My.' 'Feed my sheep'— what were the prevailing principles of religious feeling which they saw around them ? Was it not that in general with a certain knowledge of -all that Jesus Christ had done for them, with a vague hope that there would come over them some change ?which would make them worthy of being counted children of God? Many persons had a kind of idea that our blessedLord had done all that was necessary for them, so that some day all would come right with their souls. All that our religion is and wants is read in that little word 'My.' That- God's dear Son came to earth from heaven to found a kingdom here — in order to bring- that- king- dom to us that we should belong to Him as ' members of His kingdom— and He bade Sis apostles go to open the gates of the kingdom, to all the world that they might teach all people ihat they were to be part and parcel of that kingdom. And He came to found this kingdom that we should recognise the King is -with us— fie cares - for us— He stands at hand to help us ; that at' baptism we were brought' into the kingdom? that then we re ceived Bis Holy Spirit — proceeding from the Father and the Son— the Spirit wnichxirca lated in the people as the ' members: of His body— as the members- of His kingdom. Now they saw the force of the little word 'My.' They should teach their scholars they already belonged to- God ; they were now- the lambs of Jesus? they -were already bought- by His precious blood when brought into the king dom ; and that.the spirit of sonship. should burn. within them, with obedience, faith, and hope icharapterising the life of those they were : training. They lost much by - not; realising this society — the fttimyii; The nest thought he wished to bring before ?? them was that of certain of the; lessons they should, always - be inculcating. In. the 'baptismal service the child is to be instructed in 'The creed, the Lord's prayer, and the Ten Corn inandments.' Did they ever -think how much principle was contained in . that J First, the creed. The children of the kingdom were to be trained in faith —faith in God the Father, faith in God : the Son, faith -in God the Holy Ghost. The first teaching must be concerned with : God the . Father-rtiie Father who counted them as His children. -This altered the whole aspect of our religion; : The child was not to go about hoping f he may rest assured that He is our Father- in heaven. And the next great article was— I believe in God the Son, who bath redeemed jne.and all mankind. I will just. remind you .of a very -wonderful prayer in theconfirmation service : — ' Almighty and eveiiiving God, who hast vouchsafed to regenerate these Thy servants by water and the Holy Ghost, and hast given unto them forgiveness of all their sins.'' And in the epistles we have verses with, the same meaning— 'who hath delivered us and hath translated us into the kingdom of His-dear Son'— not will, but hath, which made-all the difference in the world. And then again— ' I believe in the Holy Ghost, who sanctifies me.' Tbey were chosen by God that they; might realise that the Holy Ghost was given to renew them- and to enable them to live by His power. And (2) the children of the kingdom were to be trained in the teaching of hope, for what was prayer but the expression of hope. It was the hope that there was one whom, though we saw Hun not, was always near to help us in our time of need. As sailors on some vessel cast her anchor and know that it will grasp a sure foundation, so our prayers pass through, bejond our sight right into the heavens. The very act of prayer revives our hope. Theymight remember they were teaching boys and young men who might fall into sin, and then go on from worse to worse. Did they ever teach them that they were never to despair? Had they implanted in their teaching not only that faith which can lay hold of God, but even if they had fallen that hope which clings to the belief that the grace of God can. bring them back again? That worst of all sins is to despair, and that when once begun a man must go on in a course of sin. And (3) the childrden of the kingdom must be trained in the principle of the Ten Command ments, which is love— for love is the fulfilling of the law. They must be taught they can not keep God's will unless they are filled with love to Him. Not without those helps God gives through his various means of grace. By His preventing spirit especially by that means of grace which brings as closest to Him. These three principles they were to press home ; they were to teach them how they belonged to Jesus Christ ; how they were to be growing in faith, in hope, in love ; they were to unfold to them those helps God gives and to love him ; He had given His life for them, and that He was guiding His flock home to the fold from whence there would be no more straying away. 