THE EVIDENCES OF SPIRITUALISM. Mr. Donovan's work on Spiritualism Is ft bulky octavo volume of six hundred pages cloaoly printed. With tho exception, of- some eighty pagea which aro occupied with addresses and loclures delivered by Mr. Denovan at difTerent timc3 to spiritualistic audicnccB, the work is mainly a record of spiri tual phenomena, culled by hiiii from the writings of cmiucnt spiritualist authors and mediums, and from magazines and news papers more or less connected with tho great spiritual movement of tho day. To tho vol uminous and varied testimony which ho has hero collected in favor of spiritualism Mr. Denovan has added copious memoranda of his own experiences and investigations, extending over a period of eleven years, during which he, as chairman of a spiritualistic circle, had the most abundant opportunities of becoming personally cognisant of nearly all the principal spiritual phenomena of which he had previously heard and read. Mr. Denovan seems to apprehend that he will riot get fair criticism in some quarters. He speaks of the opposition of the press, though ho does not specify what portion of the press. <l« concerns ourselves, and we have no right to Epeak for others, we beg to assure him. that his apprehensions aro groundless. Y.'e may not entertain a very high opinion of his addresses and lectures in a literary point of view ; hut then our opinion in that respect may perhaps he coincident with his own, for ho distinctly intimates that he lays claim to no literary dis tinction whatever. As to the subject of his lectures, aud of tho volume generally, wc may state frankly that we have no prejudice against it. In fact, we are rather disposed to take an interest in the spiritualistic movement, believing that, as the saying is, tliero is some thing in it, though unable to make out what tho " something " is. In dealing with such a subject 03 spiritualism it is necessary to distinguish between the phenomena and the agency at work in pro ducing the phenomena. The phenomena may bo admitted as genuine without at the same time accepting as true tho theory of the spiritualists as to the agency which produces them ; or indeed without accepting any theory at all. Imposture is more than hinted at, but notwithstanding the detection of impos ture in' some cases, and tho suspicion that there may be a great deal of imposturo which has never -been detected, wo are unable to agree with those who assert that there is nothing but imposture in it. For in that caso we should have to account for the appearance amongst us of imposturo upon an astounding scale — an epidemic of imposture, which, if it ever actually occurred, would be nearly as wonderful as any of the phenomena in question. And besides it is not only as a remarkable feature of the present day that we have to look at the movement ; for we meet with the occurrence of jiheriomenn similar to those of modern spiritualism iu all past ages, and among all races ; and it 13 just such phenomena that wo actually find forming the data upon which tho bnman mind seems in all stages of progress to have been at work in evolving its various beliefs as to tbo unseen world and tho relations existing between the seen and tho unseen. Viewed in this light, we can hardly be wrong in regarding the modern spiritualistic movement as an interesting subject of study, to say tho least of it. Aid such being our view of tho subject generally, wo need not say that wo can read without prejudice any work treating of it, and all tho more readily can wo read it without prejudice if the work be like Mr. Dcnovaris — free from the twaddle which so largely discredits spiritualistic literature. With this explanation of our way of looking at the subject of Mr. Denovan's work, wo proceed briefly to give the contents of his addresses aud lectures. Tho first address deals with the position of the spiritualists iu regard to tho Bible. They do not accept it, wo are told, as infallible, nor all its state ments as inspired. But whilst refusing to believe . that the Bible or any other book is infallible, they still believe that it cqntainsmuch that is good and true and profitable. Wo como upon a sentence, not in his first address, but in a subsequent lecture, which ' states ' clearly and succinctly tho spiritualists' view of the Bible. "They see within it," says Mr. Denovan, " tho voice of spirits speaking to us through human mediums, with all their imperfections about them, and trying faintly to picture tho ' Father of Light' after their own image, fickle and changeablo of purposo as themselves." Following this address on the Bible is a lecture on the evidences of spiritualism. In this lecture Bpccial prominence is given to the recorded spirit manifestations in the Bible : — If I can prove to Jows and Christians, to- night, that their Bibles aro full of spirit manifes tations, and that spirits in tho days of Moses and Jesus visited this earth, were seen of mon, and made tlicm the instruments of the divine pur poses, I think, in that case to be consistent, they must either acknowledge thcmsolvcs to bo spiritualists, or deny the truth of their own Scriptures. Because, if spirits did visit this world in former days by tho forco of a groat natural law of Qod, it will be incumbent on the opponents of thoso who know— and bolicvo as tho result of that knowlodgo— that spirits can and do visit mon in our day, to prove when tho suspen sion of this law occurred, by, whom it was sus pended, and under what circumstances such an extraordinary interference with a wise and bene- ficicnt provision of naturo took placo. hot us now, therefore, " to tho law and tho testimony." During a period of 1000 years, extending all through tho Jowisli and Apostolic periods, ami for several hundred years beyond tho lattor, ac cording to tho Scriptures, it was customary for tho Groat Spirit Himself, or for Jesus, -tho Holy Ghost, angels and spirits, to visit mankind, - to mak'o .thcmsolvcs, known .to them ; to enter into conversation with them, and to porform through' them, many "mighty works." In tho Biblo it' is stated that God walked in tho garden and talked with Adam ; that tho devil, in tho form of-'a serpent, talked with Eve ; that an angol appeared with a flaming sword ; that God spake to Abraham, to Isaac and to Jacob ; that angels, 'in tho form of men; visited Lot; that Moses spake face to face with God as a man Bpcaketh to his friend ; that an angel appeared to Hagar in the wildernoss ; that nngols touched Elijiah and Daniel ; that destroying angels slow tho first horn of the Egyptians ; that Jacob wrestled with an angel, and that an angol gavo Gideon cakes and a young kid; Saul was tor mented by an evil spirit, lie visited tho '.' woman of Endor,". and, through her mcdiumsliip, tho spirit of tlio dopartcd prophet Sumuel was luauo to apitear, and was soon both by tho king' and tho woman. A spirit appeared to tho Temanito and addressed him; and when tho three. Hebrew children were in tbo fiery furnace, a fourth per son, "like unto tho son of God," was soon in tho flames with them. A spirit hand was soon to appear at Belshazzar's feast, and to write oa the wall. In New Testament times, an angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream ; Jesus talked with the spirits of Mascs and Elias on tho Mount; at the Crucifixion tbo spirits of tho departed were scan to walk in tho streets of Jerusalem ; at the resurrection an angol rolled away tho stono from the sepulchre ; a young man in whito was seon there ; Jesus ap peared in Spirit form, after His death, to cortain of His disciples as they wore walking, and after wards to His disciples in an upper room, the doors and windows being shut ; Ho ascended to Heaven visibly in tho prcsoncoof somoof Hisdisciplos, and two spirits in whito appeared while they were gazing up after Him. Ths Lord stood by Paul and spoke to him, and the Pharisees said that if a spirit or angol had spoken through him lot them not bo found fighting against God. Spirits releasod Potor from prison ; and Paul, whilst on his way to Damascus, was overshadowed by a light in the heavens, and a voice said to him : " I am Jesus whom thou, porsecutost." The spirits of John and Paul were taken out of their bodies, and wafted to tho Ileavons, where they saw won derful visions, and John says : — Believe not every spirit, but try tlio spirits Wliothcr they arc of God. Thus clearly showiug, to -every unprejudiced mind, that spirit intercourse prcvailod in his time. As somo instances of spirit powor, I may .mention tho carrying of Phillip through tho air, and healing the lamo man at the gate of tho Toinplc ; tho casting out evil spirits, tho cloven tongues of lire which rested ou tho heads of tiio Apostles on tho day of Pentecost, speaking iu strango tongues, curing the palsy, cleansing the lopers, and making tho dumb to speak, the deaf to bear, and tho blind to sooV/ Tho cases are too numerous for mo to enumerate. They were the signs which were to nccoinpany tho preaching of' tho disciples of Jesus, and were to be tho con clusive proofs to tho world that they wcro His true followers, l'heso -facts are so familiar to yon that I have not Btoppcd to quote chapter and verso. Thoso who would carc to do so cau, by examining, find out for themsolve!), and tboy will find much mora of a similar charnctor. ; Having referred thus pointedly to tho record of spirit manifestations in tho Bible, Mr. Denovan turns to such '. of the clergy as array themselves against modern spiri tualism, and appeals to them with considerable effect whether they can consistently do so without condemning their own religion ; " for," Bays he, " the evidences by which it is supported are precisely the aaino as thoso ad vanced by spiritualists iu support of theirs." This seems to ho rather a favorite mode of arguing with Mr. Denorau, especially when he has to deal with those orthodox people who have an easy way of explaining all modern phe nomena of a Beamingly supernatural char ter by denouncing them as either im posture or delusion, or by setting them down to tho devil. " Now, yon must confess," he says, " from the facts IJiave placed before you to-night, that there is much, very much, to bo ,said in favor of spiritualism ; and if we aro wrong,- wo err in good company. Side by side with your own faith I have piaood the evidence of spiritualism, and if you are to reject the living evidence attested by thousands of crediblo witnesses in favor of the truth of these things, upon what grounds do you helievo in the dead evidence of similar things which wore said to - have occurred hundreds or thousands of years ago 5" Tho next lecture is on tho scientific objections to spiritualism — tho objection;- for instance, that the phenomena- produced at" circles, if genuine, are the result of brain force ; and the objection urged by Dr. Carpenter, that they are the result of what ho culls " unconscious cerebration." These possible causesnre ex amined and shown to be inefficacious to ac count for all the phenomena, though Mr. Denovan admits they may account for some oftlicm. Thesuggcstionas to mesmerism, odic force, or muscular action being the cnuso Mr. Denovan also considers and endeavors to show how far it may go to solve tho difficulty, and how far it comes short of furnishing on adequate solution in all cases. In the next lecture he considers tho leading Christian objections ; and in tho fifth, which is his final lecture on the subject, he make3 an appeal in favor of freothought and spiritualism. Al though expressing very decidedly. _liu own views, the general spirit of Mr. Denovan's lectures, and, indoed, of- his whole book, is charitable towards opponents. In speaking or writing on spiritualism ho seems never to have forgotten that when his attention was first called to the subject his behavior towards it was just the same as that of others, who laughed at its advocates as crazy, and wondered how sensible people could possibly believe in such a delusion. Conse quently ho has learned to be cousiderato and conciliatory. His great object seems to ho to supply his readers with fact3, leaving the facts, with their accompanying cridonce, to make their own impression. 