THE REV. C. H. SPURGEON—NOT AN INFALLIBLE GUIDE. {To the Editoroj the Advertiser,) Sir,—Yoiir correspondent Irroprioty, in your last Saturday's issue, quoted a severely adverse criticism of tho Salvation Army. This suggests the romembranco that there aro spjts upon oven thu sun's face, and that tho most noblo trees aro not exempt from excresences, or unnatural forma tions ; so also Mr. Spurgeon, doubtless, tho most honored aud-usoful proaclier of tho ago, has his imporfections, but happily also ho has the added Christian manliness, to, whenever recognised, un hesitatingly correct them. In tho early part of .his unique ministry, as is well known, his unre strained indulgence in tho pulpit, of tho droll—the humorous—tho ludicrous, was only restrained, and compelled to lind other than ministerial out lot, by way of his " John Plouhgman's talk," and like channels, through tho timely, but withering rebukoofa ''Thomas Binney !" Then, again, all know in what strong language in back years Mr. S. used to denounce tho principles hold by the called "Plymouth Brethren yet in later years ;to dovolo[) an interest in some, and to decide upon tho adoption of others—notably tho doctrine of the promillennial advent of tho Lord Jesus. So also, Mr. Spurgeon for many years, freely used his vast powers of sarcasm and iuvectivu against tho then unpopular " Tomperanco" reformers and their Work. Nevertheless, for some years that gentle man has adopted tho j)rincipio of "total absti nence," and its public advocacy stands identified with his people and sanctuary. And further, soeing that Mr. S. was " brought to Christ" in a "Priinitivo Methodist" chapol—that tho original. mode of working by that body was in many ro spocts akin to that of tho Salvation Army, now so soverely criticised by Mr. S., that " tho Priinitivo Methodists" live in tho warm affections of the good man's heart, and that that body always hold their annual moetings in his largo chapel. Who then dare despair of tho day speedily coming, when Mr. S. shall in like manner rccogniso all that is proved to bo of God and Christ in tho Sal .vation Army, and as has is his wont in all that his • faith grasps, throw opon the doors of his large .heart to receivo tho Salvation Army as co-workers; and also opon tho doors of tho Metropolitan Baptist Cathedral, ov«r which ho so ably presides 'as chiof, or archbishop, for the advocacy of their principles. In which oaso may I not safely pro phecy, that in that day, the Salvation Army, ■united as the heart of ouo man, shall roverontly sound out in tho power tho ILoly Ghost, their favorite prayer of "God bless him !" and praise fully sing, as only tho Salvation Army can sing— 4< MflHAlllisih I" A« a In nil «t lover of all good men who hold it, etc., I .im, sir, yours, AN ADMIRER OF SPURGEON. Sandhurst, 8th Octobor. 