True G-liost Stories. The two ghost stories told (says the London correspondent of the Liverpool Alercttry\ by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in »h,-ir wnv as anv told bv the Psychological Society. When hardly more than a ia-I at Lanca-ster, the future defender of vivisection was studying for the medical profession, he had a horror of the ghastly details of the business, which he imagined he could never overcome. He was cured, strange to say by a fright. Having to take some medicine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pass through the room in which he had taken part in dessections. Just as he entered the room with the basket of medicine under his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the future biologist saw what he thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms out stretched, looking down ujwn him. He turned round trembling, and against the wall oppo site stood another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and iound that he had been frightened by mortuary sheets, he braced his nerves up so that he was soon collecting skulls. He made a fine set, but for a long time he could not get an Ethiopian skull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got permission to have his head. It was again a windy ni-;ht when the operation of removing the head was determined upon. But habited in his long cloak, then the fasfcf Mi, and provided with a blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed away. As he left the room in which the coffin lay, how ever, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. At tempting to recover himself, he lost his hold of the bag, the head fell out, rolled with increas ing: velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard, and settled ltselt upon me necK, with one eye open and the other shut, in a room where two women shrieked. The professor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, seized the skull, put it in the bag again, and ran from the Castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergyman, to whom she had something to tell. The doctor begged her to tell him, as no clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At length she spoke. ' Oh, sir, I had a husband, who was a negro, and, I fear, a bad man. He died, sir, at Lancaster Castle ; and oh ! sir, I was standing one day in the rooms when my husband's head came out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. And then, sir, the devil came through the door, snatching up the head put it in a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I had never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor husband's soul ?' Enforced Temperance. — At a temper ance meeting held at Narandera, a local clergy man related how Canon Basil Wilberforce gave him a distaste for wine, albeit without was 'at Uxfdfd:'Wunf e3jfcv\nf.^JDlS.§D,e%keJ they occupied adjoining rooms. One day, his friend, coming hot from the river, walked into his (Wilberforce's) rooms.and foind a tempt ing tankard of the noted claret- cup on the table, at which he took a hearty pull. Wilberforce came in just as he had finished, and exclaimed, ' I hope you have not been drinking that ? There is a lot of tobacco juice in the cup. People have been coming in for weeks con suming my claret, and I was determined 10 stop it ; but I did not mean to catch you, old fellow.' The speaker explained that he went to his chambers, and so desperate and prolonged were his sufferings, that from that time he never could boar the taste of wine. Moral. — Beer and tobacco judiciously combined — say a plug of Barrett's Twist in a quart of ? colonial ' — will rjualify the most confirmed inebriate to to become a temperance lecturer. ' In order to obtain the religious instruction of the young in the electorate of East Melbourne Mr. George Coppin (according tothe.i4gi%)^has written to the school board of advice (or the district known in the Education Department as the No. I Board, asking for the use of a classroom in each of the schools under the jurisdiction of the Board after school hours. He offer, if his request is granted, to pay the salaries, of both a Protestant and .Roman Catholic religious teacher to attend and give religious instruction to the young. The Board decided that they have no objection to granting the use of the schools, but they deputed their chairman and correspondent to ascertain whether the persons might be appointed by Mr. Coppin are qualified to fill the position/' Kleptomaniacs in Paris. — In an interest ing book on the ' Grands Magasins de J'aris,'' M. Pierre GitTard gives some curious informa tion about the ladies who are tempted, and who fall during their shopping expeditions. He says that no fewer than 4,000 women are caught every year stealing before the counter. The number of titled ladies seized with Kleptomania while examining the fashions is almost incredi ble. Among the most recent culprits weie a Russian princess, a French countess, an English duchess, and the natural daughter of a reigning sovereign. As a rule, these more distinguished offenders are let off on the payment of a round sum for the relief of the poor ; and when the shoplifter is know to be rich the sum exacted rises as much as 10,000 francs. The police authorities consent to this sort of condonation. When a lady who has been taking music lessons for the past eight years hangs back and blushes and says she really can't play, don't insist on it. The chances are that she can't. Poverty and Suffering.-' I was dragged down with debt, poverty, and suffering for years, caused by a sick family and large bills for doctoring, which did them no good. 1 was - om pletely discouraged, until one year ago, by the advice of my pastor, I procured Hop Hitters and commenced their use, and in one month we were all well, and none of us have seen a sick day since ; and I want to say to all poor men, you can keep your families well a year with Hop Bitters for less than one doctor's visit will cost. I know it.' — A Working Man. Read. How to Get Sick.— Expose yourself day and night, eat too much without exercise, work too hard without rest, work all the time, take all the vile nostrums advertised, and then you will want to know. Hollow ay's Ointment and Pills. — For the cure of burns, scalds, wounds, and ulcers, this justly celebrated Ointment stands unrival led. _ Ite balsamic properties, immediately on application, lull the anguish, protect the ex posed nerves from the air, give to the vessels the vigor necessary to heal the sore, and con fer on the blood a purity which permits it to lay down healthy flesh in place of that des trojed. Holloway's Pills, simultaneously taken, greatly assist the Ointment's purifying and soothing power. Together these medicines act like a charm ; no invalid, after a fair trial, has found them fail to relieve his pain, or com pletely cure his disease. The combined action of the Ointment and Pills in all disorders, is nil powerful and too irresistible to be withstood.. 