PICKED STRAWS. By McFaddsw. The craze respecting the mysterious bui- yip that makes the waters of the Broughton his lodging place is not confined to °Koo lunga, for truly the infection has reached Clare. I saw on Saturday afternoon last four of your townsmen in the neighborhood of liochester en route for the Broughton to capture the bunyip. They were in excellent spirits, and were planning how they would bring the creature (which they said was worth at least £900) to Clare alive. I ventured to remark that it would be wise of them to catch their game before bagging it, when one said ' Why, how can it es cape ? We are all proficients in the art of natation. We will surround his lair and' dive in upon him, and he will not have k ghost of a chance to escape.' I suggested the use of dynamite, but they replied that the Koolunga people had exploded that ex periment. ^ I cautioned them as to the risk of going into deep water, as the bunyip might be strong and keep them under. C ? son said there was not the slightest danger, as he had a bottle of Enterprise yeast that would raise anything in quick time, even the Austral, were it properly applied. H ? son remarked that he ear ned a bner, and while he did he con sidered that he could float. M ? son in timated that he held an IOU on Mr. Bunyip, and the latter would not face him. Mc M ? n gave me to understand that he would superintend the work, and would see that it was well done. When they reached Koolunga the place was all astir. The visitors received a jolly welcome, and a number of persons offered to show them the haunts of the 'terrible bunyip,' as it is called. When they reached the waterhole where the bunyip was supposed to be they heard something nibbling at the rushes. The moon shone upon the water, and H. ? son declared he saw a monster in the pool, and becoming terrified he re treated. His time for a mile was 2 miu. 40 eecs. The superintendent tried to get the volunteers to undress and make a plunge, but all the romance being knocked out of them they were craven-hearted. The night was too cold, they said, and they might be seized — not by the bunyip, oh dear no — by cramp, which would unfit them for the struggle with a monster of the deep. The strange noise in. (he water, and the huge shadow of something they could not describe, so seated them that they made a speedy exit. The effects of the sight and sound seemed to have turned their brain, for mistaking the way back to Koolunga they wandered about in that bush country till sheer exhaustion compelled them to rest. The quartette without shelter huddled together on the bare ground and remained in that position until daylight on Sunday morning. The night's adventure has told terribly on the brave fellows. They look careworn and haggard, but they aver that is caused by over application in perfecting a plan for catching the bunyip on a night to be named. The Clare baths are being well patronised, but several of the gentlemen who frequent them act very injudiciously. They will swim about for an hour on a stretch, the result being when they reach home they feel queer. The better half of an incautious bather became alarmed when she saw her lord ' doubled up' and suffering much pain. She procured a bottle of wizard oil, and ap plied it to the body of the sufferer, and after about half an hour's rubbing he recovered. His wife, being a sensible woman, cautioned her husband, and told him that bis ablu tions should not take mor&thaidrtBn;^minufesI — ' But he disregarded her counsel and again took ilL More oil was applied, and a cure was again effected. A third time lie com plained and called to his wife to rub him, and she did. That she adulterated the oil on that occasion is certain ; in fact, sh& ad mitted putting hartshorn and mustard alon--- with it, but the victim declares there was something stronger. He told a friend that he felt as if every pore was drinking Gray's choice whisky. He said he was choking all over, and hia wife laughed at him. He has promised to obey her in future, and I think he will. About a week ago the residents of Spald ing were thrown into a state of excitement. They thought the world was about to come to an end, and they felt themselves hardly prepared for that momentous event. It ap pears that two young men living in the place constructed a large kite,- at the head of which, they fixed some glazed calico, something on the principle of a Chinese lantern, and another was attached to the tail. After dark the two young men went to the top of an adjacent hill with the kite, and placed lighted candles in the make-shift lanterns. The kite rose grandly, and a third person who was in the plot ran from house to house, calling on the inmates to behold a wonderful comet. All the resi dents were soon congregated together, and as they gazed on what they thought to be a heavenly visitor the heat from the candle at the kite's bead burnt the string, and the wonderful luminary fell to the earth. One of the lights was extinguished in its descent, but the other continued to blaze, and on reaching the ground set fire to the long grass. That part was not in the original programme, but it nevertheless had a startling effect. One person cried in a loud voice, ' The end has come ! that is fire from Heaven.' Some said their prayers in Gaelic, and as the fire spread on the hill side some of the big blustering fellows be came almost frantic with fear. A quiet ' pauky' Scotchman suggested that they should repair to the church and pray. In the meantime the young men on the hill were exerting themselves extinguishing the flames, and they eventually succeeded. When the people saw that the fire had gone out they concluded that the phenomenon was a warning for them to lead better lives. During that night several persons kept watch in case another fire might ' come as a thief iu the night.' 