BANQTJEr TO MR. GRIFFITH AT ROMA. BT 0r» BPBCUL IlBPOIlTEa. 3jr rcsponeo to the invitation of the cituona of Soma through tlie Mayor and corporation, ilie Hon. 8. W. Qri£Rth, accompanied by ' Messrs. W. Miles, W. H. ' Groom, and "W. .Brookes,. Members of tlio Xcgislativo \- Assembly, proceeded to Roma on Thurs day last, for tho purposo of being pro- sont at a complimentary banquet gircn to the Xcadcr of tho Opposition. On arriving at their destination they wore metat tho railway station by the Mayor and some members of tho cor poration, and driven to the Royal Mail Hotel. During tho forenoon of tho following day Mr. Griffith and his colleagues wero visited by sovoral local residents, and about noon tbo party wero driven out to inspect the magnificont . vineyard belonging to Mr. Bassctt, ono of tho most cxlcnsivo and successful vineries in Queensland. It is now well known that the 'soil. round Roma, which is a loose sandy loam, is admirably adapted for vine cultivation, buta decade bock its capabilities wero unprortd ana comparatively unanown. Mr. .uusscbu tuui- . mouced wino growing sevon or oight years ago, and has now flfty-threo acres of land under vines, and after next season ho intends to still further extend bis operations. Oranges also grow to crcat perfection on his selection. At present thoiold of grapes is so large tliathis cellars requiro enlarging in order to make room . for tho wino produced therofrom, and it is Mr. Bassett's purposo to liavo this done boforo \- planting any more vines, so that all necossary appliances and storage accommodation may bo . in readiness for next season's vintngo. Tho wines of this establishment liavo nlroudy attained such a good reputation that tlio do- , mand for thorn far exceeds tho supply and tlio \- proprietor is consequently unablo to keep any vintage long enough for tho wino to attain that pleasant llavour and mellowness which only age . can produce. His oldest wino at the present time is that made in tho season of 1881. It is of excellent quality ; tlio light wino very much resembles sherry, both in taste and colour, and the red is not luiliko strong port. A now red wino, ooly twclvo months old, was shown tbo party during tlicir visit, and wob found to bo an agrcoablo drink, though somewhat \- ) 8wcot. Mr. Casiotb docs not, howorer, confine bis enterprise to grapoculturo and wino making. Ho devotes a good 0 cal of attontion to other uraucuus ui ugrjcuiLuru. xiu xius u uuuaiuur- able area under oats and potatoes, both of which are prolific and profitable crops in tlmt locality. Ono farmer in the neighbourhood states that not only is tho country adapted for . grapes and potatoes, but that it is ominontly suitable for grain -oats, wheat, and other coroals having been grown there with oxcollcnt prospects. Ho says he is confident, from his exporienco tlioro for .tho past tea or olorcn years, that wheat can bo grown any wlioro in the :dis>rict and entirely froo from rust. If his oxporience should bo corroborated by future experiments, wheat farming will contribute largely towards tbo prosperity of Roma, Re verting ogrin to Mr. Bassett's farm, it is worthy of nolico that bis draught horses are of a staunch character, well fed and proporly stabled. Indcod, throughout the establishment thero are signs of push and enterprise, industry and foresight. Some idea of tho sizo of the place and tho completeness of tho arrangements may be gathered from tho fact that quite recently Mr. Bassctt was offorcd £30,000 for tho pro perty, but refusod it. It is said that thore are i numbors of smaller vineyards and farms in tho ' district of a similar character, and proportion ately profitable to tho possessors. Tho great attraction, howoror, is grape cultivation, bo- cause just now it is moro remunerative than \- other crops. In tho afternoon tho party paid a visit to tho -spot near tlio town reservoir where the etoam . scoop has been at work sinking a tank. Opera tions havo now been in progress thoreforabout ' . ten weeks, but the amount of work dono is dis appointing. It is stated that accidents to tho apparatus have impeded tlio workman, other- who thoy would liavo accomplished much more. Perhaps it would bo prexnuturo at prosont to .. form an opinion as to whether this method of tank xnalcing is choapor and more expeditious than tho old-fashioned way of making such . excavations, and wo will therefore say nothing if urther about it at present Tub banquet. The banquet to the visitors took placo on 1 .' Bnd&y; oveningin the Oddfellows' Hall, which .was beautifully decorated for the occasion. A number of small flags were tastefully ar ranged om tho walls, and a largo banner with the inscription "A Hearty Welcome" . .was stfetohed across the proscenium of tbo r . stago, whilo beautiful bouquets of ohoico (lowers v . adorned the tables. Betwoon forty and fifty v gontlemon Bat down to luncheon, whioh wus Ereparod and served in a manner reflecting the ghost credit on the caterer, Mr. Ohtrles : Moore. Tho Mayor, Mr W» Downes/prosided, . . and Alderman Corr occupied the position of . vice-chairman, .. < , . Tho guests having dono full justice to tho \- good things provided, the chairman proposed the usual loyal- toasts of "the Queen, and ."the Prince of Wales and Royal Homily," v ;:!vv which were duly honoured. Tho Txoe-Ohaibuah then proposed tho toast of "His Excellency the Governor, V and said Sir Arthur Konnedy had shown more than . ordinary administrative ability during his resi dence in Queensland, and had always orincod \- a warm interest in all movements that tended to the advancement of the colony, csppci&lly; in connection with the education of the young and agricultural and horticultural pursuits. Tho toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Mr. Miles said ho wished to take that opportunity of mentioning that tho colony was deoply indebted to His Excellency for his 6cr- ' . vieos in connection with the bill for restricting \- the introduction of Chinese into the colony, , Sir Arthur forwarded to tho Secretary of State for tho Colonics nearly tho wholo of , tlio contents of the seoond moasuro brought before Parliament, aftor the roval assent wus , - refused to tho first bill, and by so doing obtained the assent of Her Majesty twelve months soonor than could have been done under ordinary The QziAXiuiiX said it was his duty now to propoie'A to&sb; which ho felt ho could not do ; justice to on that occasion. He was proud to be on the position to be ablo to propo&o; the toast of " Our Guest tho Hon. 8. W. Griffith." It was not for him to tell tho mooting what tho hon. gentleman had done for tho colony. Even . .his opponents, yea his greatest opponeuts, . admitted that he had rendered great service in tlio HouiOj and that ho was tho best T<eador of the Opposition Queensland ever produced, and some evon went so far as to say tnat lio was the Best Leader of tho Opposition that Australia had , . over produced. (Applause.) They wore el pleased to see him there that ovening, and were . anxious to hear his opinions on the great poli ticals quostions now agitating tho colony. It had been stated in tho Press that Roma was handed over to the present Ministry, but ho (the chairman) thought that as oitizons end Queenilanders thoy should be allowed to have a say in tho matter. Tho opinions adopted by that gathering would, ho boliorod, bo upheld when tho proper tirno camo for their expres sion. Without detaining the meeting any fur ther he would ask them all to drink in jumpers tho health of " Our Guest." Tho toast was drunk with cheers and musical honours. Mr. Gbxfpith, who on rising to respond was greeted with loud and prolonged applause, said that when he . accepted their invitation to be present that evening, which he received a little . whilo ago, ho did so with very great pleasure. . Ho haa often had tho honour paid him in VC- different parts of tho colony of being enter- ' , tained on an occasion like tllat, and he always considered the compliment a higher one whoa it came from a place whero ho was personally very tittle known. He was known now in many parts of tho colony, and probably ho was a greater stronger personally in Roma than most other ports of the country. He thought the compliment paid him that ovening proved that if vrfir not arnuainted with his face and people sometimes mado him out to he. (Laughter.) Ho was not afraid to go inlo any part- of the colony whero I10 was known, and ho was only too glad to be ttbl to make himself acquainted with tho people of the district whero up to tho present time ho had been a comparative stranger. They hurl received luai there on the reputation ho bad made for himself in politico, aud as Leader of tho Opposition in Parliament, which position ho had held for four years. Tho posi tion was not a bed of roses. The duties wero very arduous; indeed ho did not knowwhether the duties that had to ho performed bv a Minister taking a prominent part in tho Government ot tho colony wero much. more arduous than those of the Leader of tho Oppo sition. It was his duty to watch tlie Govern ment, not with tho preconceived idoa that all he might do was- right, but witli the idea that possibly what they might do was wrong. It was his duty to be always on tbo watch, both in session and out of Parliament, and it was also his duty when anything went wrong to say so, and to see that public opinion was intelligently formed. Of course in the performance of that duty it was impossible for any man to avoid treading on somebody's corns. If tho Govern ment did right, there was no necessity to criti cise them ; but if tlioy did wrong it wa« his duty to say so, and say so in tho plainest lan- guage. Aliens wero many people who thought that it would bo very much better not to say hard things if things wero dono wrong. They say, " It would be vory much better to eny nothing about it; you only quanel with peoplo ; vhy can't you let things alone?' Tliut had bicn said to him many a timo by very estimable people, but that was not his idea. (Appl-tuso.) If anything went wrong in the State, it was tho duty of ovcry honest man to expose it, and do his very best to prevent its repetition. (Ap plause.) Those were his opinions. Thoy might bo wrong, bub at the prcionb timo I10 could not bos anything that ho had done, which ho would not, undertho same circumstance, do over again Possibly, later on in life, by tho wisdom of moro years, I10 might seo that he hud mado mistakes. But, whether lie had mado mistakes or not, iho course ho had indicated was tbo ono ho con ceived to bo his duty to follow, tho ono ho must 'follow, whether it mado him friends or foes. 80 far lis had no reason ts be dissatisfied witli tho result of his action since ho accepted the leadership of tlio Opposition four years ago. Since that time ho had made a good many enemies, bub his friends were moro numerous now than they wero then. They would pardon him if ho looked back a littlo to what lmd been done during tlioso four years. Tho colony four years ugo was in a vory do- presecu couuuion, una eo was uu Australia, tlio cause of winch arose probably from tho wo-ithor. Sinco then tlioro had been a very considerable advance in tlio prosperity of Iho colony, which improromcnt thoy knew was nob confined to Queensland alone, but was shared in by tho olhor colonics. Ono would supposo sometimes from what they heard that the Government was responsible for tho weather, and lie bclioved that when his party were in office thoy wore eaid to bo responsible for tlio drought, that if thoy lmd been out thero would liavo boon uo drought, but that there would have been a mug- mficrnb season. He had heard that tho fino weather wo wero now enjoying was duo to tho fact tliat£thoy had no longer been nilHcilng the Government. (Laughter ) Be had occasion a fortnight ago to speak at a banquet in Brisbane. Ho tlion referred to (he great advancement this colony had inado during tho past few yours. Of course thoy were awuro that during the last few years thoro had been a great influx of capital,, not into Queensland alone, but into Australia. If thoy compared the ships that camo from Kuropo now with tlicso that camo four ycurs ngo, thoy would find that what was then regarded us a really splendid ship would not be considered a second-class vessel at tho present timo. At tho banquet referred to lio pointed that out. He saw that this chango had been attributed to tho wisdom of tho Hn. vornincnt in making a mail contract in 1880, bpt it novcr occurred to him whon speaking on tho subject to pay tlio Ministry that compli ment. Ho wished to correct a misapprehen sion on this matter, to show thab by referring to tlio improved communication with Kuropo ho did not intend to cat the words lio bad spoken wiih respect to tliut particular trans action. IIo thought it wus a vory good thing that wo should liavo direct communication with Great Britnin, and was sure we should liavo had it witli or without that contract which tho Opposition considered it their duty at tlio timo to oppo-o. It had been called a mail sorvice. Well, it was a vory good xuuil contract for tho northern parts of tho colony. Attempts had also bcon made to mako out that it was a go<pd mail contract fortho southern part of tho colouy. Tlrose present were aware what was dono. Tho British post-office authorities notified to tho publio of Great Britain that letters would bo carried to Australia, including Queensland, on certain terms, which thoy published, but when letters arrivod hero an attempt was mado to mako tlio peoplo who received tho letters pay over again. Ho wondered tho first man upon whom tho extortion was attempted did not resont it ; but lio did not. Tho law on tho mattor was exceedingly plain, tlio statute eaid that all letters delivered in that way -ebnlt bo dolivorcd free of charge. At last itcamoabout that lomo English letters wero delivered to him, or rather left at his olfico during his absence How if a man stopped him in tho street and attempted to extort money from him, no mattor how small it was. I10 would not pay it, and' ho did not care if tho man hud tlio Executive at his back. That was his way. Therofors he doolicod to pay the surcburgo, and wrote a letter to tho Postmastor-Genoral stating tho circumstances, and inviting him to toko what steps lie thought propor to recover tho nionoy. Tlie corrospondcnco that followed was not vory creditable to tho Government or tho depart ment. Tlio noxb letter was brought by a postman who refused to deliver it unless tho surcburgo was paid. Ho declined to pay the monsy, and tbon commenced an action against the Postuiaslcr-Gencra!, in tho same way as he would do in a mattor with any other man avlio attempted to extort money from him. Every obstaolo wus 'thrown in his way byr tlio Crown Solicitor acting under instructions from the Government, and the matter was delayed two or three months What was tbo result? They handed over hie letters with liis solicitor's costs, and published a notice that in futuro tlioso charges would not uu uiiiuo. no inenuonou uus matter now oo- causs, singularly onough, although it liud been attracting attention in Great Britain, and al though it was one of the principal lovers mado uso of to proro by artificial moans that tho mail service was a success, very littlo was said about it iu tho Press of tho colony when lio won tho mattor. (Applause.) Tho Govern ment had in this matter attempted to violate tho law (and liad received a wholesome lesson, tho leashing of whioh ho had had something ;n do. He Would not refer to tho hot tilings fOhicli had happened during tho past four yotrs j hon ono had dined well and drunk well one whould bo ss good tompered is possible. But thoro wore ono or two mutters tlmt ho could notrefruin from advertiug to. Two of the mattors which had been attracting tlio greatest attention of tho public and which were now agitating the public mind, wero the questions of coloured labour and land grunt railways. Upon both theso subjects thoro existed in tho minds of a grcnt many people most extraordinary mis apprehensions. It wus not always possiblo to remove suoh misapprehensions, but n few plain words might contribute towards that end. One of tbo latest misapprehensions lis had noticed was in a papor tnun&god; by members of the Government which copied a leading articlo from another cxchango to the effect that coolies had been introduced in this way : That he (Mr. Griffith) had carried an Act which hud enabled coolios to bo introduced into the colony, and that in consequence of this the Government had b-cn compelled to frarno regulations to prevent their introduction. Tho iiTtielo then asked, " What could tho public think of Mr. Griffith after that?" Why, the wholo story was false from beginning to end. It was difficulMo con ceive how any person connected withanows- paper for ono day should have put such a state ment as that in writing, and have had it printed, and it was almost moro inconceivable that 'it should bo copied into a newspaper suppoiod to be published in tho inter sts of tho Govern ment. "What was the history of tho 1 ranssction ? introduction, regulation, ami-protection. "Wo had no law in lliis country of that kind, and lie trusted wo never should have. (Applause.) Consequently coolies could not como here. TJitc wu« no law in Queensland to prevent tbeni from landing, but tlie laws of India prevented ilicmfroai starting, and wo might very well rely upon them. But t ero was alawontbe statute book framed when ho was a studcutat tho University at Sydney, more thin twenty years ago, which allowed the Government to 'mike regulations, having tho force of law, for the protection and regulation of coolies, and under which, if tho legulutions wero passed, tho Indiau Government would allow them to emigrate, A littlo more than twelve months ngo tlio Government of which Sir Arthur Pal mer was a member opcccd negotiations with tho Government of India, and asked what re gulations would bo required «o allow coolies to bo introduced into Queensland. They wont eo far as to send a man namod Captain O'Rafforty to conduct tho negotiations on their behalf, and ho and tlio representatives of tiio Indian Government framed a code of re gulations which would have allowed of coolies coming here, and which, if adopted by our Government, , would havo had the forco of. law -without tho sauction of Parliament. Tho mut ter, however, got wind, tho qucation began to bo talked about, and it wus soon seen tliut tlie peoplo ot tlio colony wore not in tovour ox ino introduction of coolies. Tbo Government having received those regulations from India changed their miud, or apparently changed tlicir inind. for ho did not know what was their inind now. When the document camo out it wa9 fo.iud that some alterations had been made in its provisions — tlio old or original part of the regulations being easily distinguishable from tho now by the type. 8om-body in Queensland thought it necessary to put on more restrictions, which in effect wero that tho labourers introduced must at the end of their live years' service accept ono of tlirro alterna tives — cither they must go buck to India, or work on another plantation, or go to gaol. (Laughter.) " This," tho Government said, only shows how anxious we arc to prorent the introduction of coolies to compete against white labour." Ho dtd not know what -tho framcrs of tho regulation thought tho Indian Govern- inent would think of thorn. When they first opened tho negotiations they said tli-y wished for tlio introduction of coolies, and then when the regulations wero agreed to, put in a provi sion which no Government in tho world, having ony rc9prct frr itself or tlio interests of its subjects, would adopt. Well, thero tho matter ended. Ho thought tho power to mako such regulations was. a dangerous ono for the Go- vermiiuHb to uu empuM uri-u wiui, unu prupusuu to tuko away tho power. Tlio Government woro somewhat alarmed at the bill ho brought in, but thoy could too plainly that tho House was against Ibcm, and thoy avoided that diffi culty by currying a resolution to tlio effect that in futuro regulations should not bo made without tho sanction of Parliament. After- lorwards thoy brought in a bill, and when it was beforo tho House thoy allowed him to in sert un amendment providing that no regula tions should be made without the sanction of Parliament. So thoy hud tho barren honour of not being beaten on a divi sion, and lis had the satisfaction of cur ryiug tho proposal ho had made, (applauso) and making it impossible for any Government to mako any regulations without tho sanction of Parliament first being obtained. Thoy did not know when thoy lnd tlio Govommont on this question. One Minister in one part of the colony says, "We will havo colourod labour in tlio north whero it is necessary," and anothor in another part of Iho colony says, "Wo will opposo tlio introduction of coloured labour, our instincts arc against it." In anothor placo a Minister would say, " I regard black labour simply as machinery." Tliev did not know wlioro thoy had the Government. Ono day thoy mado regulations which tho Indian authorities nccented. and tlicn thoy say. " Ho. wo won't liavo theso." Ho eaid in Parliament somo limo ago that tho Government would run away from tho coolie question (laughter), and that was his impression still. Ilo did not object to a nun's skin whethor he was black or any other colour. The advocates of colourod labour said it was not because tho labourers were coolies or coloured that thoy wnnto 1 them, but because they woro reliable, tliut was that thoy would nob claim tho same rights as whito men, und if thoy did they would not "got them — they would be a fcrvilo raco. TIiojo were thoir reasons. Thero wcr« people who thought that thero were certain classes of men born to be a servile nee, and that wo are to be tbo superiors of those people. That argument used to bo used in tbo United btates. Wo thought tho Amoricans were wrong, and should act upon that assump tion.- Our intorests rested upon representative institutions, upon tho principlo that every mm in the country, unless he wero nn alien or a forcignor, wus entitled to a voice in the go vernment of tlio country. Tho government of tho country was by tho peoplo for tlio poople, and if wo had in the inidBt of us a largo scr- vilo population that system of government could no longor bo carried on. No representa tive goveroiucnb could bo carried on success fully whore there were two classes of popula tion, only quo of whom had representative rights. It had been triod in tin American Slates; thoy know what was the result there. Tlio experiment liad been tried in Jamaica. Thore was a largo servile raco there, though free in name. They carried on for a good mny years. At last Parliament got into tho hands — well lie did not want to. say anything par ticularly unkind 'about them, but lie was in formed by a gentleman who vas there at tho lime thattbo legislature became utterly corrupt. Ultimately, tho Imperial Parliament had to tako away their constitution and rcduco them to their former position of a Crown colony. History showed that a large servile population wis inconsistent with representative institu tions, and ho was confident that the people of this colony would never tolerate the admission into our midst of such a disturbing eloaioot. (Applauso.) Ho regarded tho coolies of British India, although British subjects, as tho most dangerous class of labour wo could introduce into the country. When the Chicess question camo on for consideration thoy took it up vigorously, and dealt with it effectuallv uftcr a hard fight with tho Colonial Office. Thero was now no daugor of our being overwhelmed with Chines-, for wo bed it in our power to repress tho oril. But with respect to the coolies of uriusn inaia wo were noc our own masters, we must make laws that will incob with the ap proval of the Indian Government, wo must Income tho dependency of a dependency. It was said by somo poople that he and his party were etinply trying to ruin the sugir plantfrs. They had no such doiiro. The planters had good land bought at a small prico, and had good opportunities of making fortunes, but I10 thought Hub morcly accelerating tbo speed of their making fortunes could scarcelybo regarded as a sufficient reason to iuduce Parliament to introduco coolies sometimes it had bcon said. " You object to coolies— what do you propose ?" Well, he proposed nothing. Thoy woro liko the p'ayors iu that American game called poker There hud been a good deal of gambling in this eouotry of late in public affairs. Ho did not know whether any of those present knew The game of poker, or that ho could describe it to them, though ho behoved ho hud plavod it at somo timo. Butinordor to keep up tlio gamo tlio player must always put down a stake n big us hit opponents ; if he did not ho must r-tiro. Homo peoplo had an idea tlmt politics ws a gu-ro of poker, that if ono man in politics m do un astounding proposition another must meet it by making another astounding proposal equally vast and equally abittrd. (Groit ap- pluuse ) Ho did not beliovo in any such thing. If a man made an absurd proposition it was enough tossy "You shall not carry it." Ho proposed to do for the planters the samo as for every other class in tlio community. Tho colony was froo, and ho said, " Brin us many immigrants hero us you cuu get, make your own arrangomcnts about labour, and do not ask lis to make special provision to moot your requirements." This coloured question brought him to unothcr. Ho saw latclv that instruc tions had been given by tho Government of Queensland to the l'olico Magistrate at Thurs day Island to annex Hew Guinea, that wus to annex it to Great Britain. He thought it was a great pity that Great Britain did not long ago annex it Any <f.> on to unv island rot Britain," and no person in this colony could do moro ' than that. It was, therefore, strange tint tho Government should direct an officer of theirs, who was doputy commissioner under the Kidnapping Act, to go and take possession of Hew Uuinea. If people thought, and ho believed sonic did, that tho black labour ques tion was to bo settled by the annexation of Hew Guinea to Queensland, thoy would find themselves mightily mistokon. (Applause.) He was informed upon the very highest authority that if any attempt was made to bring bluck labour from How Guinea to Queensland that tlie massacres that liad taken place in tlio South >cas would bo a mero bagatelle to what would happen thero. Further, ho thought Great Britain would novcr allow the inhabitants of thab island to bo at the mercy of any but a trusted officer of their own. He did not know that we were nob coutpeleul lo govern Hew Guinea, but he said that tbo government of tbo island in its present condition, partly civilised — tho people living in houses and villages, having remarkable property laws, under which a tree was perhaps owned by a man different from the owner of tho land— ho said tliut if it was govorncd by any but a very enlightened, in telligent, humane, and strong man, tlie greatest disasters would ensue. Ho did not eay that Queensland could not xnan&go; it, but bo would bo very sorry to entrust the selection of the vru> eniurui xiun uuiuct iu wiu guutiuiuuu »uu ut prosont hold the reins of power in Queens land. Leaving this subject, ho would now pass on to tho coniideration of land-grant railways. That corUinly was the question of the day so far as they could seo, hut there was a way out of that question. Thoy had scon tho first in stalment of the land-grant railway introduced into Parliament last year when the Warrego Railway Bill was brought forward. That was a scheme up.n which the Government were to stand or fall. Thoy camo forward with great flourish of trumpets, and announced that if the Govornmont could not curry its measures thore must bo a now Government, or a new Farliamt'Ut. Thoy said, " Wo are men of honour, and wo wiH stand or fall by this scheme." What was the result ? They did not carry tlieir bill, and there was neither a new Govern ment nor .a new Parliament. They ran away from tbo bill, as lio had predicted they would ruu away from the coolie question. That mea sure proposed to hand orer to a number of Victorian speculators a concession which would enable them to block entirely tho route to tho south or to chargo an exorbitant toll, which they boasted about. Tho schcrno was a wild one. Tho Government only saved themselves on tho bill by tho distinct understanding tha. it would go no further. JVaon a man cays " we aro aud then that this means " If we do not got a majority by one on tho second reading we sbaU resign, bub if wo do we shall not," thoy did not know what to think of tho Government. Ho would assumo that tho scheme for a railway to the Gulf of Carpentaria was a genuine jclieme. Ho thought it must be He would givo the Premier credit for this, that ever sinco bo had been in publio life ho hai sot his heart upon that lino. Wo liad beforo us now a propoial in writing nut ratified, not binding on the contrac tors, »nd not biuding on tho Government. Upon that ho thought tho voice of tlio country would bo tikoa at tho noxb election, and I10 re garded the decision it would como to on tho subject as the mostmomeDtous decision it would como to for years to come. Tho proposal was to mako a line to ths Gulf of Carpentaria, with two branch lines amounting to 1,200 miles, in consideration for which tho company wero to get twelve millions of acres of land. The Govern ment wore not to soli any land along tho lino for ten years, and there wore numerous othor matters of detail in tho agreement which lio need not mention now. It was said that this lino would bo of groat advantage to tho country. Ho did nob think it would, but that tho construction of tlio railway would bo dangerous. Supposo tlio company owning tho lino wished to gain other concessions, what power thoy would bo ablo to oxerciso on people along tbc route. Syndicates wero most duogerotis to tho Government of tho United States. Tho company wero to hare tho railway built in seven years, under a penalty of 3,u00,000 acres of land. By that timo tho land would bo worth, at any rat o, £2,009,0 0. Thero was a nice little stake for a Government to bo playing with. Suppose a general election woro going on at tho time uud tlio Government threatened to enforce tho pooulty, did tlioy think that tho company would nat use a largo portion of their funds to ecu that a Parliament was returned that would prevent the penalty being enforced ? Ho thought they would. Then tho company woro to take tho land wboro it was good, but whero it was not good thoy woro to scloctit in anothor part of the colony. At the present timo thero wero considerably less than 6 000,000 acres alienated in the colony. The freehold of tho company would be double that area, fiuppiso the land proposed to be given to tho >yndicato wero in tho bunds of 0110 man, why his iniluonco would ororsh&dow; that of tho wholo community, and that was a danger that would always bo present. 'Ilio company would actually possess moro land tlun all tho other freeholders in the colony, and tbo influ- occo thoy would havo upon the Government would bo enormous. But ho would ask this question, 'Where was the necessity of muking that railway at the present timo ? Our increase in wealth, ho was sorry to say, had nob beon followed by a corresponding increase in popu lation, but that ho hopod would ' bo remedied. Wo had to develop this land, but tho greater part of the people wero settled along the sea board. Wo lud there certain ports which re quired somo attention, and we had cities thore, and wo must havo towns on th« coast if thoy wero only markets for the produce of tho country. Tbo proposed liuo was to go from CharioviUe to tho Gulf. . The Gulf was 800 mUcs from Oharlevillo, and Brisbane was 500 miles from Oharloville, which made a total distance from- Brisbane to tho Gulf of Carpentaria of 1,300 miles. Half of that was (ISO miles, so that about 150 miles beyond CharioviUe would bo as near to tbo Gulf as to Brisbane. All tho trado there would naturally go to tlie north, We had beon spending money hero for years and years ; wo hai strained our resources to mako railways ovor tlie range, and we were now going on with tlio extension to Ch&rlovillo.; And now, after making railways at great cxpenso over difficult eouotry, as soon as it begun to pay wo were to subsidiso a rival company to construct a line and tile all the trado out of our hands ; yet, peopio in mis pare ox cuo ooiony were assca to bo carried away by the glamour that BriB- bano, boing at the end of a great lino, would be a great city. He was sorry for Rockbampton and Townsrillc if this scheme woro carried out. It was part of the bargain tb&t; wo should make our railway to Oharlevillo or AngelUla Crcok, it did not mattor much which. Wo wero also to extond tho Central railway to meob tho company's lino ; wo were nob told exactly whero it was to como, but it would probably bo duo west from Barcaldino to the Thomson. From that point tho transcontinental lino would go up about to Winton. From nearly every part of thit lino tho Gulf would be nearer than tho eastern ports ; but he wanted, to know what benefit wo wore to get from the railway. Just imagine a carrying company making such a bargain. Suppose tbo manager of a carrying company, who had, at great ex pense, established lines of communication in tlio company woro to employ the money of his em ployers to subsidiso a rival line, what would they think of it ? (A voice s " Suck him.") Somebody said sack him, and lio was quite suro such a result would Happen. Yet that was the kind ot proposal now boforo tho coun'ry, a proposal that wo should subsidise a line wbich would prevent ourrailwaysbccoming remunera tive to the country. What good, lio again asked, wus to bo got by this railway ? Bris bane was to bo a bigger city 5 well, the p-oplo of Brisbauu would form their own opinion about tliut. It was to develop tho interior ; we wero told that this land was not worth a fig of tobacco — that it was worth nothing to us. A distinguished member of Parliament, the Premier in fact, said to an audionce the other day — whether ho was presuming on their ignorance, ho (M. Griffith) did not know — he said, " Is thero any man in this country who cares a fig of tobacco for this land ?" It was an insult to his hearers. Bid the hon. gentle man not remember that a few years ago he told General Feilding in writing that theso same lands, if put up to auction, would be worth over 10s. per acre oven without a rail- no ono who had seen them would venture to mnk-i tho statement that thoy were worth nothing, nor would anyone mako it in tlio presence of those who know the omntry. He had travelled over tho country and ho did not think thero was anything in the Australian colonies half so magnificont as the isnd it was proposed to give away, for days and weeks lie had travelled through fonccd pad docks, excellent pastures, and yot wo were told that tho land was worthless. Ho had been told by a gentleman competent to givo an opi nion that ho was prepared to givo a bond of £20,000 at onco to tho Government that within a fow years ho would bo ablo to sell 2,000,000 acrc3 at 10s. per acre. What was wanted in that pirt of tho country was means of commu nication. They had been told that ho bad been persistently trying to obstruct tlie exten sion of railways westward. That was as true as tho statement he had roforrcd to just now. Ho haii been a consistent advocate of tbo extension of our railways out west. It was an onormous territory, and they could not get a railway to every man's door. If a lino wero made lo within 120 miles of the lessee's station thatwouldanswerliis purpose, forifitwas raining lie could not travel no matter liow short tlie distance, but if the weather were fino ho could travel without any difficulty. Somo time ago in enunciating tho works policy of the previous UU)LTUU4UUl 11U UUtUtUlVU UiU UMU1I9IVIU Ui bUO lines westward as far us our resources would allow, and if that proposal were adopted all tho western stations would be a« near railway com munication as they would if tho transconti nental lino wero made. The Central line would bo 200 miles north of the Southern and Western Railway, and the Northern lino would go to Hughcnden, north of the Flinders, so that all thoso stations would only bo from twentr to thirty miles from a railway. 'All that the transcontincntullino would downs to join tho threo ends. Of courae it was to open a port ; wo were to take into partnership persons who would mike it tlicir buiincss to open a rival port on tho Gulf to tako away our trado. Thero were somo remarkable provisions in tlio contract. Ho wished tbe public would all read it for themsolvcs. It was said that this great syndicate would settlo small farmers en tho land, to bo acquired on blocks of about 20,000 acres or so. But ho thought thoy would sell tlicm to tlio man who would pay the most for it. It was also stated that tho line would cost £3,500.000, so that they would liare to spend half a million a ytar for seven years, and this wus to bring wealth und pro sperity to the country ! Wo must bo in a very bid way if wo could not borrow half a million a joar to make this railway if it was necossary. they could borrow all thoy wanted on tlie security of thoso millions of asres of land to bo given them by tho Government. Half a million to start with would do. American railways wero made in this way. Then we woro told that tho proper way to settle tho land wus to cut it into small farms of 2,500 acres each The Government say, "Wo cannot do this, wo must give it to tho syndicate." Well, if a syndicate could do that, why in tho name of fortune could not the Government do it ? (Applause.) There was another clause in tho agreement which must bo reforred to, and that was about tho company working tho lino. It was provided that tho Government shall, if required by the company, work tlie lino at their own expense, and if they do thoy wero to pay over to tho contractors the samo proportion of tlie gross earnings as the profits on Govern ment railways bear to the workiog cxponscs thereof. Let him illustrate this by figures. The working expenses on the Government linos at tho present time were 55 per cent., and tho not profits wore therefore 45 jier cent. Tho working ex- ppnsos of railways in Great Britain wore over 50 per cent., uud in Victoria they were also, abovo 50 per ceat., while in tho other colonics thoy woro liighor, so that the expense hero were never likely to bo much loss. Tin arrange ment then amounted to this, that if the com- pany worked tho railway and found it did not pay, thoy would say to the Government, " You work this lino and giro us 4-5 per cent, of tlie grois earnings," which would liavo to bo paid wli'ther the railway paid or not. When this was pointed out it wjis said, " You aro grossly misrepresenting the contract." But that was tho contract as it was made. ' "Whon lie culled attention to a similar clause in the "Warrego Railway Bill, tho Premior said he fratnod it himself. But, it w-s argued, tho agreement further stated tlmt tho Governor in Council should liave power " to recoup such loss out of sums subsequently accruing to the contractors under this clause." Well, he had had many years oxperienco as a lawyer, and ho defied any lawyer to reconcile thoso two clauses. Boiled down, this was what thoy meant, thuttho Govern ment should pay tho company 45 per cent, of the total earnings ; and if they wero always to pay 45 per cent, how were thoy to recoup it. (Applause). It was eaid, " Oil, but really tlmt clause ie so misunderstood," bub lie happened to know what that clauso meant from a conver sation lie liad two years ago with the gentleman whoso '-name wus attached to tho contract. Besides tha% tho stipulation was so plain in tlio Warrego Railway Bill, " Oh bat," they say, "it is not meant to work that way at all ; this railway will bo so extremely profitable that the Gorernmont will tako tbo lino over and work it for our advantsgc." Could anybody bo ex pected to beliovo that anything of the kind ;would ovor happen? Justimagine the Govern ment going to a flourishing railway company owning tbo lino and having tho land ulopgride it. out eajing to them " You aro making too much out of that railway, hand it over to us !" Was thero any country in tho world whore it would bo tolcrutod that tho Govornmont should do such a thing ? The clauso simply meant that tho Government must bear tho loss. There woro many other things to be said about this contract, but he would leave them as ho wanted to say a word or two on other matters, and he had already occupied too much of their time. (Cries of " Go on, go on"). Tho Premier said the Und grant railwuy system was not tho brst, but we are unable to borrow money. When tho Warrego Railway Bill was brought in it was slated that wo wero on the brink of a volcano financially, and that if wo did not rush into the arms of thoso benevolent partners of ours, nB Mr. Kimber calls them, we should be ruined. Ho had to refer now to un un pleasant matter. If thero was ono tiling at the present time that would frighten the people of tho colony it would be the non-success of tho iiouiag of t he loan 111 London. Tho people would say " Sir Thomas MTlwruitli is right, wc havo no alternative but to eo into this scheme," to that if the floating of the loan were not a success it would bo the finest tiling that could happen for tho speculators who wanted to get possession of our lands in the west. What aid wo (lad ? ( Wo found tint tho gentle man who represented tho syndicate in Queensland, who was thoir agcut hero, was entmstoi by tho Government with the duly of going to England to float our loan. (Applause.) lie had a vory high respect for that gcutleuian, and tho- iglit be would do li's duty as best lie could, but it was a very unfortunato position for him to bo pluc.d in. 11 0 (Mr. Griffith) hold it as aa inflexible rule that "no man can serre two masters." (Applause). If by any oliauce the loan should not be a success, Mr. Drury would have to thank tho poople who entrusted liiui with that mission for utterly ruining his reputation for life. Now, wo were told that in this mattor of land-grant railways wo had no alternative, and hero again the question was asked, " What do you pro pose?" Well, lio would tell them what ho proposed years ago, and I10 had no reason to be ashamed of it. A littlo more than four years ago thoro was a general election. His friend Mr. Mi>cs liad resigned the office of Minister for Works, and he accepted the position simply that he might have an opportunity of stating authoritatively what was tho policy of the Government t-n railways at that time. He poke in the north, and in the south before bis own constituents, and ho staled that the policy of the Government w.s to extend the railways westward us far as circumstances would admit, and msko branch railways in the cost districts. He was now going to say some thing that 'ho had not stated before. Thoy had been taught to believe that all the pro sperity of the colony was duo to the far-seeing enterprise of tbo Premier in borrowing three millions of money, and that if tho Librral party cauio in they would borrow no money, and have no publio works. What were Uie and his chief— he had Mr. Douglas e pemus- eiontomake this sta4emeut— he wrota to liiui suggesting that us a general election -was ;up- 1 preaching the Government should .uiraoiraue » j comprehensive priiey for the next few year. I He proposed that tliey should borrow live millions, which was to be applied be follower — j Two or throe millions for the extension of j the trunk lines westward, and the re mainder to be spent in constructing briraub ; railways, on improvements ia harbours .uud riv. Ti, the conservation of water, xuid imnugra- j tion. Ilo proposed that tbe burden of the ' debt should be borne by territorial reri-nue, jhe 1 revenue to be derived from the public lands of | tbe country, and' that they should enforce the j provisions of . the Local Government Act. ; Those wore the tnam propositions he made to i Mr. Douglas in July, 1678, and Mr. Miles ! would reuiember tliem being discussed in the j Cabinet. Mr. Miles : " I do." They were i not adopted at the lime. Just a fortnight I aftor tint came tbe first word <jf the Ihreo- 1 million loan. It was u coincidence, no do.ubt His ideas were put in writing, nod were iu writing still. In details his opinions hud heen modified, but he was stiB of the -opinion that ; in our territorial revenue we had ample re- j sources lo bear all the burden necessary do be incurred. Be did not think it wus his .<vuly lo propose a land bilL He had suid bu- fr\a tVnf. wn voro oalintr wiltl Otir lllftdfi ilO the most wasteful manner. Nobody got full advantage of them ; the tenant aid not, because lie had not the tenure to encourage him to spend tbe necessary money to develop thorns and the State did not get any aufihatmt advantage, the rents being too small. We j must revise the whole system reflating to I the Crown lands of the colony. Just flut them think if a railway syndicate huriog 12,000,00) acres of loud could raise money for railway making, whether the colony, having J ten times that area could not borrow puiUrittnt j money for the same purpose. (Great applause.) ; Of course if wc would not utilise our lauds Me : could not do it. Take uu illustrations The; land proposed to be given to these contractors ; was fifteen back miles on each ride .of -the line. That would sell at 56. per acre, aud would pro bably realise 10s. The purchaser would pay 3d. per annum interest. Suppose they went; back twenty- five miles ou each ride, .and ; tho price was 5s. per acre, Hen -3d. un; acre on that would be £6 a mile, so that for ; twonty-fivo miles on each ride the fluod would ; realise £400 p?r mile. He did not thick -3d ' would bo a lair price at nil, but limply took ' that sum as an illustration. If they took the ' value at tho lower price of 2s Gd per acre, the ; revenue would be £200 per mile. It wus rime ; -would bo glad to see it revised. It voidd be unjust to take their lauds from than euddexdy, but ho was sure they would he quite prepared to- surrender their leases for a ocrtaiu and secure tenure. On the settlement -of ttius ; question depended the future of the -coluoy ' more than on the load-grant railwuv. Op-j plausc.) But it was highly immoral for iluui to make such a statement as that. (Loughti-ri) For years and years past it had .been 5ndus-| triously circulated in the colony among the I pastoral tenants that if the Opposition gotdn'n ; power tliey were determined to introduce free selection before surrey ail orer the -colony 5 that the principal item iu their programme mus to ruin tbe squatters, aad the squatters ho llered it. Wli-n tlie story was iold biro be; pointed out that it was a falsehood He was not opposed to the squatters, though he -was strongly opposed to tbe old squatting parly, and would be to every selfish organisation -of that kind. But when the Warrego Railway Bill wus beforo the House, and he pointed .out tho injustice of depriving tho cqua'lers -of 4-hrir 'land, he was accused of xnuking uu uuUojy alliance, and of the grossest immorality (laugh ter), and was told thut he ought to have agreed with thoso who wished to despoil tbe lessees, j He was not a friend of ibe squatter unv more ; than of other classes in the coiumtuut-r. he ! claimed to be a representative of the whole i community. Queensland was liis home und he ! was certainly not going to injure its procpeuts' by injuring a large ami important das in the j colony. Just one word inorciu regard to tbe 1 transcontinental scheme. We were told that; if it did not; pass the Government- would .be ; defeated and then after tbat the deluge — after ! that, some people say, " 'ihere will come .a .set i of men who wiU borrow no money, aud our prosperity will be at un end." (OuugUter.) i They were afraid the Gorernuitnt would j bo conducted on different lines, it would! bo cooducted on very different line. It! would be conducted lor the benefit -of the! colooy, and the interests of the country -would not be sacrificed to the interests -of private per rons whoever they might be. He was jstiKfied tbat there must be a change -of Gorcrncueul soon. They were told the Opposition were not competent to carry 00 the Gorenaurarf — indeed, pfoplo might imagine the Opporitiuo had horns und tails. (Laughter.) But there wero intelligent people ia somo puis <of ibe colony where he had been; if the Gorern mont had applied boycotting ho cid not Ihiuk its tactics would last long. They bad sees (the opinions in the Pi ess of a section of Melbourne gentlemen on tbe traot continents! queatioxu Thoro gentlemen called it a swindle. A well- known statesman ia New South Mule wj'li whom he was speskisg a short rime ago .uflso characterised the scheme as a « win die, hut he would not like, to use such language as Hurt. He gave Sir Thomas M'JJ wraith credit for this, that he had sot hi heart on the measure. But for all that he said now, us hehadtaidinRoiuu eight or ten weeks ago when returning from lu western tour, that it was ''a wanton, wicked ' squandering of the public estate to give :uwuy ' those western lands to such a purpose.1" Let all read the bargain and see whether it was such a one as a sensible man would snake, xmd j then, if they would only have the -courage -of f tlieir convirtioaB, he was quite ccrluio ibet we should bo delivered from thut affliction in tiie future. He hod done his best, and would <do more to assist the public in seeing Ibe nature and daoger of the scheme which had beset ne, to prevent them .being bound orer baud .and ; foot to those great cspital corporations -rfiui'b had dono so much injury in America, .and wbich actually imperilled the safety of the United States itself. (Continued cheering.) Mr. T. M'Kwkk next proposed, "'4 lie Pur- lament ot Qaeeoulond, coupled witli tbe swuios a£ ' Messrs. Miles, Groom, and Brookes.'" J'c arid fie bud kuewn Mr. Miles for j car. Tbe fiou. guutkmuui the Station Wares BUI jmsod it ior notliiujr -£»«. 1 Ur. Groom be bad rieo kuovs for s «ojud<Ucalile knsrtb of tune, aud b-dreud .bis speeches iu •"Han sard he wus tbe father of the Ron-e, and jfl-asrs ready to takes part iu unythirs timi was fortue I adunetmeut of tbo eouutry. Mr. Brookes fie did 1 not know well, hut from hi« Peru! -of rite XorUo' ' mentor/ debates fie lt- urued that fie jjwa/s -»utwd ; right. In the course of fii ruuark Sir. \ pa- soil some stricturei ou the action -of tbGo«rn- inent in removing the District h-ourt tiotu &Oiua.; Mr. Miles, in responding to tbe toast raid i he was returned as repreieutative for the fdartuus In 1851, when lioinafiad only juet come into , At that time Condom tue was the place of nouiinatiou, and fihidthe honour to contest the b-ut wilfitworwj- stroBt? opponents. Mr. P. O'ultiran and fit r. Henry Corou, with the following results 4 1, V'f uUi vau ' JG, and Coxcn 12. lie contiuuod to rcprt-aeut '.hut electorate for orer ten year, uud fie find no fieri '.ul.iou iu Bayiug that during that period it wax u -euustttu- , ency that anyone might be proud to reprv-eut. 'J'fiere ; %rau only one Letter constituency iu the «fiulv colony, and that was the Darliur Down (Criesof " Noaud laughter). Not one of bis constituents find <-rt-r asked hiai for an uppointincut, either for fiiuisrif or bis relations, lie was norer naked to Jatoek ut the ' b%ck doors of Government offices. All fie find Wu requested to do woe introduce a measure for the liru- tcction of won workinjfou stutious. aud iu cotupliuuce - with their wish he Lrourht forward the Sfc-pjyu 'M'uro ! Hill, which fio »uceeede l in carrtiug through the i House aralnst considerable opjkoriliou. Ther findnot ono situlo public building in itoma tfiat «o' not got ' through 'be party be belonged to. A few week fitly ; they would probably remember. Sir Henry Ptuita- 1 made a ipcecb at Teiterfirid. iu ufiicfifi -cWiy do- i fined what wore tno duties of a member of Parliawuut. ' ?»l.i t"15 a rerraaenutixe j aUoyla not go cap in baud t© any <t»yr«yumi«iit , for favour, that fie should not "rir for nvpoiut j menu, eufier for friends or relations, -or ftw She ! friends or relations of anybody rise, He ih»- yowxi that a weiubrr of ParUmueut i should watch carefully the ctiou» of the Ee«irt-e, i and tint u they trero coiug astray it wasfifi -duty lo : expose them. aud. if posaihle, to diapo&aus; shout -4 1 power. lie (Mr. Miles) wade ti.cw; reworks iuordur t to ewphWbc what his friend Mr. Griffith luifl eaid. ! It . was far enaicr to gire credit tea wan for fiis work! when be did it well than it woe -to accuse Ui«u «f | ouhonourable act. L »t the latter was a .duty ! unut bo performed. His honourable friend audJeutfiv ' had tbc moral courage to perform that V'-Vi-fi aud 1 unpleasant task, and Lad done it, and had Leva -catiud i a " rile»hw«lercr' aud a 'liar" Lt«auaefie durodtv ' briui: charges against the party in power. Traueo- j ilous obstacles had been thrown in tbe way wbeutUuae 1 charges were inTeatiyated, but fie was perfectly taXio- i Bed tbat, from what Luul been rervalod,lfie outride i public were couriured that where there is sunoke j the SiouM -rjtpy tir.oti -c .<&otv;£ Cmutmrte Isu-.air HL I iutotuv.itnV;'.u-,!trut-.v!uiM,t5livSr;Uiirfir.i»'c.-iI!«j.i n W I fuive- vVjikMicvihe .Ur.y, JnK, j tor/ for Atic rtv atire f wttfs your ifiov jovitlCflbv ri'mrr.w 5vj »-w.'.ral nv'.hun "tire -vriflHuyti tvtii.- -ariKHliollli io raw »/> Jb-Ksl j ihuiutbtdibviUHftitittf «aryj<ntfr rt/ffilit JfieofiTrtf At Ory,.- E- 1 1 (if I Afiought fie .flcHurcutl, axtiil wow ent'.tlbA r-v tin \\. 3srtby<itf.rtUy.iglitiuluiflvt,rtuw!5>r?':br:»i.,Miiy, ; ft furwurtf .0uun»rlUeiiwdd'iV3fiM'irt>ripvitt<rV''» r. f& B itmusaWivuu: -tfUidh Ik- w-iulili nut -.I'.l a t-, r-£' U nume ftApiilumei) tnUv w-o-'it i: .- -Mr huveduui -Utc. fiUicr; Ur Sirir-wi 'un s Un bad ;M- H -.uiueUfttu ;yw\r»f iin flhc fttoiiar, and' Jui.t :u-:er X- aS >arty,.mitlbeflloiIndl ifiwwurb tfinc if a- auuutuuu ytnira!Htiik»rt3bejitiB</i;M:-»r3tjo»3t: >»-,' I aiot getihim- I raUwiy itbtjrartl'iimurlfivww rn \vr X'inft I tt\iue.UKq,iii«iiur(CUell'idti.wiirlli«re>r jiiil; rteariy £- 1 Abe ojUraiftid lh\ud .wuitji wo ntr-haw-d bur- 4mjt:UiUtitedvttiie<e.%dUui'ut><i£ small suaxirn- uul fl htuaraut.tjyatctMfiaUlwiy;twsvilil's:TnrK;nc«?nfoi' I .uuflj«vpetnidctnUwvUl. fwunnuiiiiibiu' lor <yvr:la»r I fthnufceO tSuuui £ur cUewoy iivwittintitey baffidraaK- I dhefwmf Ttr. a&rf;> st soms- loagtii. awfl. I said do riuu&tg; «3a6 owtttbgr ie in uoe I -through any j«nrmaC Sttttaffvalitmi to> rre- 1 eeututix rif She <£ntt£iOv Sfc- fbr wV«a ibe -uutriflniuvd tS fie Stigkuri- sespeee. thought .-au iuil4«outiwnufeuhoa> et idoaw i ftUflunnd <voiw6i3<t»uutl» fieuniug ibtfffi rides «uT -tnMCriris accer:? im- -pomiiLlv Sbitre cmttifl like asor ' iiutUUe (PithMwdttnuttdl. fitfladi Bewfihr rit -in jFUtflimmnrt -wi#1 jttiuwfibr >» .trftrheUiSe- vgaiiUHUitovrtfC flUidlutuunc. Th Par"". , iiuut -iu ft: ue (twvtny w-ut> iwc w.uut Cur jpj-ip&j; mate TUerilutrtimu rtif fli wjitwamtlirtvo- WJ auluiuu Hutt he vww twrry evsayctic fur a- rrxz AUM>/iluraui<JUUjpMi)&e;<fUiJiM£3$uillieiu Owe liritt, 3Lf auewburu iu tSbr fltotu aw aae above tteitzx hffibtil wrusfibedmtk At fav mMiteScsicnriiesatrho «auie Siuw Hid Hiuu..«ty Clad it wot at Iftrararabti itlograUutiuu iKdltMraU'- llffc itv Cgtumtudaxui rave 3he iGo.cuttiiutiui- tUHupiiljvC 6v itfisir hi office rtjy ilrtiUiitg fluuuihw of £xUameatb 7j- auuuitars find itirnu llrflicdl Gutrv ewtl -410 dUopute, Ulbe Statu % eemfnriott ithueogo ttimt aiemomi'w sit n«tiCiwriue-fe»»» for -af -.wo-ic ihc.tUfl iu icvrttuyyimv W.tfr y.ivtumj»ac -tm-.utjy.il- ,<uu) od HUWi' #> fira-ier-wC C-v x s una-- aud jrucdkctl iVy mitu- Time wo n< il-niUuy, .fgifiu. she fwV«iram«flO lunC b«u«t c> -ducdetfttrjluuft oU&uiuud; fly ftruuC a:i'£ jptrjnr- r.t+ grant# tor w.UhU" wne roflufcof liy x pro?tioi» od-afcW rtratiwtu Uiiut ibufl llomu dome fir poKt'iriif aud Aerj'jyw iu JUiwlfiuiumffi. XWncr mrte of ihtUUjjy wviwfflhe diautJUupAf ratflwy bettr-x cr.r,v 4u«UHueri SCx. (tirwiiiuntwottaC £> stifiti advert cx it'ue thigh raUwey fluriff firprvfue> whtrii- ffir nbl - jioritiru'y a flusUtlheihu: cimi aiiuM- of trxfo, and - Shee referrm sin stifle for.n# tv rtfir 'trinr ?v» apjiniL'tudefl rty.oftawtiup fibv Tkrut wraut <f >,: e,f iUiukiugAiUwiyiMfUiutiutg flu support hi srrx- jueutxhexjrtatiewjv et ffiuirutiu- Ito- was f.vmussrty aj'ytiud«d.lta"iugeUr<flUta»yof fitaajpswh,. Mr. mr.'i xf&frmtZ.; aud -vuegrataiod ftta Ibeuracrtubaoihr x rry wiaertUiugiii iio'.tSrtigc'ujiJUraflirof w juQt 'heuitluit XS fixvtAiz rat -thittttUv- irttaittiwyrttf Ohr ri iliAatd- '6A «firtr-f to aud dlr.t-(i i\pvtu ttue jpdlrtoxfl sirauilon,, for :a hi fiuiuWe -o iiufmn ik'uwttKliutiC wtiw nnftr in a suiili rrrae aiiudcitU diiunrintL axui. wvaiti duxm at iluifl itamu fie By a Govuntuuuid- 1llbe riiujc So luvt b»«ra iu jniwur, jueuiuud tn> Auofp line ntuf fit fieae? dieavvjuu-dS-vlbuviiibugbief riiue ril Otic ocfoay wiurt-efl -aus iwuwjv nuC wnr.w ttisit r'aa, that ct 'err jrcqjiiV summywaf Che rugie «rtof awjooyfogi-r, a rtirrtaipolu-yofmy jjciuueut Wiuf 5lie exXw/ wattttaf at Cost pr<s»»c tiuie ouhiv tSitbu atySitUfp «itir wa people,, atr, a .uofWilo rtud jmnll: rvs» nf. juuntdad aa would ' fortu ,u ibitumguuifuiiu jpi»)uturfiinw iXa 1177 to euy lihut -fmntagSiiy olwie uerMfi &?rryrfntr-y be wen? jbvduuufltSliirt siiuri'dnnitterfla: stUfoof vffitir whfch 'xn -could :uot diwerttw fSuue aw Otw iron hand -otaihe- VvAiu'-.iuuuiiiuortiuydiVwatiiriueaeraisttaoraar: ftluy \wutv ant jpvilrtiyislj/ ffo- Ifiijwi tbf -ttfarittuw twotfldiWfttuBft'elUttitadU KwreeirnedhU wauuuHt rttimUffvrriwSiiijf r.-wapCdaBtarirfbsagB aud fiiiuautl tint! swifivt! at Vfott nv Mr ©lajOTCT ttzvpMuH fiia "Vtirams.j r.i : £oumaiud -tliritriuiy aiulb fit1 1%- conn At hcrt apmrik, jftutad tshtg tshr mOriali>r of Ca fuitwjy £UUI wrvuCC nog ffiy fCa a\m 3«etM»ed rugae filoit Ciurvv wot ar>1> more iuid for jjiiWrtiou. H%3tUzvje SrtieiytiBwyoui&ufl; fo> t&x;&a;&r; Mr.JIo.-ts WA \xjxsx prapwif "TE« p-... tondiltifctcei'tiulfienwitMuoaiRuf So- hy Jfr. yf.tz a'fiv tmid tcbuttlauittime jWrtuhr ptemeA &> fie oxter ' reigU4Sfurretr> Ur. Tnt A&uzi;> AttadJ-tftwwg. K-e Sloe,, «bvj tf&arAx; Urr- ffietortkagieteiiufirajrtltii fti artanttinf "otiAXsrj. JfiorptWftwjtlmef- ilfrtrjliurfiiraiB itesa«fs«viu»t Scati) wwwTmnoayaeifnuinMM-irirVar xa»X in ifie -tlta'-riel' "llHud prtaij- wja wire by W Tune. TIlic wffieri iiuvw.e wotrtf audiitK.de is cgwd ffivmn. ir.eeiy jra>- a iuy iUfctra1. affiw jvv efie format hi?'-)- 5- aiusvd rtliut fie -avtUil «ra«8 x fltairm>U' at x t. of AT.tWW itf M<il<tl pug ,n r>i s-->. y- -wfiwsl- Aiiue C-iun- t-j;v xx ajmuc wit aote -v Suriu a-cimyiuy fvtr a flimliiv- jjiryw, but it d:d » | a. f' Aiuiu :if aiuuU wmicvfoenuet for iui iPw-aEpe xoufl j-vunie- fii.- w-wfld rcsncrflUifo- fib mfinaTSsm At. ?evj!k ahmr taura at preeuc iafotic ogSvS r.rawUug. tovmiMti itfKm Hei urw ejus wile,. & f+r-wrrz Vs-¥ fiufl uu -ouvy euf elUaisdl fovtu ZiSH' Za> fo: wih- f uusamyeeaamudktaiun, Efi UaoaA tiat ere V z Jfiomu aoffid fieCuy»!3iU-j|.vftg SmAwsZiiui 5>r px.z, ajiflxbe ef <41 uumirtuuill for arlne file Th" m ajsipiniilofl, sSf& kenourI:— ypv CouunoMikU E-ieercwry' QtwaaaM by Mr. Gw -.a «»'uc«Poudedgv a-yjry.ltiwuiiu-ri —rae CAryyrv. x rif fliuritfiaipowdHy ffAraoWVaraf resv>»5ri -» fiyflibe filoMirs 1 jt-ufltar/ pmpAvyt f»v IS". JV 3C ArCUu and ioauutufe<tl tv by Ssk- JL- SrawtJ fo> 6-j Jfr. It, 3 'tie d rcouwiiii 53. teeatiwi/it at x ratarCee fo <ou fiitiiuttky. " 