CHILDREN'S COLUMN. COUSIN TOM'S WEDDING. By Matthew White, Jun. [From Harper's Young People.] It was to be in the church, with music and flowers, and my brother Claude and I were to walk ux) the middle aisle and lead the pro cession. JNow you must both put on your best behaviour," said mother, after we had wor ried ourselves into our new clothes on the all-important night; then she kissed us just as if we'd been going to bed, and sent us off to the church an hour before the time. We found the sexton juBt opening the doors, and he let us go round with him while he lighted up, and then I proposed that we should stand outside and watch the people come. " I wonder if Cousin Tom feels nervous," said Claude, as we walked down the steps under the awning. " I shouldn't think he would, though, for yon know doctors— But I say, Bert, what s the matter down the street there ? See all that crowd ? ' Let's run and find out." " Come on," I cried: " Til beat you there," and forgetting all about our good clothes and "best behaviour," we both started off down the block. " Oh, somebody's been run over, or some thing! I exclaimed, as I won the race and found a lot of people bending over the form of a man lying on the grass in front of the Baptist Church. We both stood still for a minute, and I was trying to listen to what a gentleman next to me was telling a policeman, when Claude pulled me by the sleeve and whis pered that it might be the very case Cousin Tom, who had just graduated at the Medical School, was waiting for. " Let's tell liim about it!" I cried. " Quick, . before they get somebody elseand then we both tore off to his lodgings, around the corner, and pulled the bell as if the house was afire. I tell you, the girl came to the door in a hurry, and without waiting for her to an nounce us we bolted upstairs to Cousin Tom's room, and rushed in to find him just putting , on his white satin necktie. " Oh, do come quick !" we both fairly shouted. " Such a " Why, boys, what's the matter?" he ex claimed, making a muddle of his cravat. " Has Alice fainted, or the dressmaker forgotten to send her dress home, or what?" " No, no," cried Claude. "There's a man hurt, and an awful crowd, and" " Quick, how far from here ?" interrupted Cousin Tom, leaving the two ends of his tie hanging, and snatching his pea-jacket, " I can spare just twenty minutes." "Why, it's only around the corner, in front of the Baptist Church," 1 replied, dancing around the room in great excitement, and then we all three racea off'. "Where is he, boys?" cried Cousin Tom. and Claude pointed inside the railing that ran in front of the Church, and against which, strange to say, nobody was leaning. Then, not waitiog to hunt up the gate, our cousin, who was a great strapping fellow, shouldered his way through the crowd, and without paying any attention to the efforts some of the people made to hold him back, he placed his hands on the top rail of the fence to vault over. The next instant he gave a spring backward instead of forward, and fell against Claude.. who of course fell againBt me, and we all three went down one after another like a row of bricks, while the people set up such a veil thit you might have thought:they had all turned into wild Indians on the war path. . Being boys, and quite used to hard knocks, neither Claude nor I was hart, and we sprang up as lively as ever when Cousin Tom was lifted off of us. But there was not much spring about him, and we were awfully frightened when we found that he couldnx even speak. Then they explained the whole thing tons,, which .was something like this—there was an electric light in front of the store next the Church, and in some way theBtuff—the elec tric fluid, or whatever it is—hadgpt off the track, or. the wires, and run into the fence, and so whoever touched it got: a most tremendous stock. That was what was the matter With the man inside, and the crowd had tried to warn Cousin Tom, but he was too excited about getting an interesting case to listen. , , "Oh, if he's killed, it's all our fault for telling him about it!" moaned Claude. "And he was going to be married in half «n hour," I added, despairingly. "And Miss Lord '11 be in the Church waiting for 'him, and when he don't come she may have a fit or something, and oh, Claude, how can we tell her?" By this time they had picked Cousin Tom up and carried him into a drug store a few doors off. They told us he was only stunned, ■and would probably be able to sit up in the course of half an nour. As lie hadn t lived in town a week yet, nobody in the crowd < knew who he was, and so the burden^ of -carrying the dreadful news to the wedding ' .party fell upon Claude and me. "It's five minutes to eight now," an nounced my brother, nervously, as having left word with the druggiBt that we would soon be back with friends and a carriage, we hur ried off to the Episcopal Church. '' Cousin ' Tom was to be in the vestry by this time, and, oh my 1 won't it be awful to have Miss Lord walk up the'aisle on her father's arm, and then find nobody to marry her?" " But, Claude," I proposed, a bright idea suddenly striking me, " if we can only get to -the Church soon enough to see lier drive up, we can tell her then, and have the coachman ' keep right on to the drug store." " The very thing I" cried Claude. " Let's mn for it." And run wc did, but, alas! arrived at the ' Church just in time to see the bride's ■carriage drive away from the awning—empty. We could hear the organ playing and the ' people whispering that the procession would soon begin to move toward the altar. "Oh, why don't they make sure Cousin Tom's nere first ?" I exclaimed, in a whisper. " Perhaps they will," returned Claude. *" At any rate they ought, to wait for us to lead off; but, stop, I've' got a plan, and ■ though it's a kind of desperate one, it'll save 'MissLord having a Bcene before everybody. ' I'll"—and he spoke the rest very softly in my ■ ear. " Why, Claude, dare you ?" I cried, under : my breath. " And do you know how to do it?" " Yes, I noticed the place when we were in \- here with the sexton. Now do you think you can get up clos6 to Miss Lord before I count twenty slowly ?" I nodded and hurried into the Church, leaving Claude to take up his station in a ■ dark corner of the vestibule. The proces sion was evidently waiting for us, and as fast as I could 1 squeezed a way through the crowd to take my place in front of the bride. She ■ smiled when she caught sight of me, and put out her hand. Then just as I took it every 'light in the Church went out, and I knew Claude had succeeded in his plan of turning ■off the gas. "llon't be frightened. Miss Lord," I \- whispered, still keeping hold of her hand, " but come out with me to the carriage, because Cousin Tom's hurt, but not very bad, .only he can't stand up long enough to be \- married yet, and But I'll take you to him right awav." WelT, she didn't scream nor say she was . going to faint, but just held on to my hand 'tight, and let me lead her out in the dark. We found Claude on the sidewalk, holding -'the door of the carriage open; and ordering the coachman (who looked as if he thought -we were eloping with the bride) to drive to \- the drug store. We all three got in, and \- were off before the people in the Church had a chance to think of anything else but the > darkness into which they had so suddenly Ixseii plunged. " But—but did the electric fluid put out the lights in Church?" asked Miss Lord, -after we bad explained to her about CouBin 'Tom's shock. " Oh no} I turned off the gas," said Claude, promptly. "Don't you think it was a good -way to keep people from staring at you and ■ gossiping when they found the groom did'nt come ?" " Yes. I see now, and I am sure I am very ■ -much i nliged for your thoughtfulueBs; but what w ill papa and mamma think has become \- of me? " That's so 1" I exclaimed. " We forgot all . -about that part of it. Stop the carriage, and I'll run backwhich I did, and found the < Church lighted up again, a bigger crowd than • ever inside, and Mr. and Mrs. Lord rushing -about in every direction in search of their daughter. I was a little frightened at first, but re \- mcmbering how much the bride had been ■ spared by our plan, 1 walked boldly up to tlie " distracted parents," and began to ex plain the whole thing. This took some time, \- l)ut I told the story as quick as I could, and I had scarcely finished when back came the carriage with Cousin Tom and Miss Lord \- both in it. I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, and indeed Tom looked like one, but declared \- that he was every bit strong enough to go through with the ceremony. Miss Lord was already in her mother's arms, and I was . awfully afraid we'd have a scene, after all, < but luckily everybody thought it was because the gas had gone out, and in ten minutes they were Bafely married, and nobody out of ■- the family the wiser. 