WIT AND HUMOR. "BE jabers," exclaimed an Irishman, " I've slept sixteen hours I went to bed at 8 and got up at 6." A NEGRO of Sylvania County, Ga., -was bitten by a rattlesnake some time ago: The snake died, but the negro recovered. This was a terrible warning to snakes. NOT unlikely : I don't say all I think," is remarked Brown, when pressed for his opinion of the representative of his district. " I should think you might," replied Fogg, " and not be pressed for time, either." FACILITATING matters : " Pelagre, my boots," said Madame D, to her maid, "Hurry a little; I have asked you for them three times." " Yes, Madame, and in order to advance matters I am now lacing them up." AN Irishman was employed lately doing some work on a railway bridge. He had occasion to climb up one of the iron pillars that supported the bridge to do some work, and just as the engineer who was superintending the job happened to be walking underneath, down came Paddy flop on to his shoulder, sending him sprawling. As soon as he had regained his feet, " Hallo, Pat," he ejaculated, " where did you come from!" "Fram the Narth of Oirland, Sur," replied Pat. How A WOMAN GOT INITIATED. — A woman at Bay City, Mich., disguised herself as a man, and clerked in a store for a year, and then applied for membership in tho local Masonic Lodge, and was initiated. During the work of the third degree her sex was discovered. It seems that in the third degree tbey have an Indianrubber rat and celluloid snake which run by clockwork inside, and which were very natural indeed. They let them run at the candidates to see if they will flinch. When the snake ran out at the girl Bhe kept her nerve all right, but when the rat tried to get up her trouser's leg she grabbed her imaginary skirt in both hands and jumped upon the refrigerator (which his used in the work of the fourth degree) and screamed murder. The girl is a member of this highly philanthropic and safe order, however, and there is no help for it. The afiair may open the eyes of the secret societies and cause them to investi- - gate. One lodge here, we understand, takes ' precautions against the admission of women by carefully examining the feet of applicants. If the feet are cold enough to freeze ice-cream, the candidate is black-balled. USEFUL GHOSTS.—A Tennessee ghost comes to a house in Hamilton county, and rocks the baby to sleep every night. Now then, by all the dwellers in " the nether gloom," if there is a reckless ghost of any old ancestor of ours would like to find steady employment at good wages in a ' quiet family and good neighborhood, we can give the perturbed spirit all it wants to do in the silent line of general housework, with Sunday afternoon for itself, and one night out every week when it could go round and raise a ghostly racket with the neighbors, and haunt - all the lonely bouses in the neighborhood. What a gem of a house servant a ghost would be. Never " sass " back: always invisible. The pie would come on the table as though it were sailing through the air; the carpet sweeper would perform its noiseless functions without the howling accompaniment of " Gnah-na-gnah-na-thawah—that wur the place whayre the whisky is plenthv—whack! fol-dhe-rol-lol!" And at night it could haunt all (he ohjec- : tionable neighbors until they fled the neighborhood, and property would depreciate seventy-five per cent., when he could buy it in and whack up with the ghost. No • light and no fire required for the ghost's room. No private watchman wanted on the block; no dog on the premises. • When a burglar climbed in at the • window and felt the cold, clammy fingers of the ghost wiggling down the back of his neck; when he drove a teninch borne knife clean through the ghost's bosom five times, and the spectre smiled sadly at him and showed him where his throat had been cut clear off nine years before, how the robber would drop his kit and wing his restless flight to lealms beyond the farther limits of the city corporate. And when the door bell rang, the ghost could just stick its head clear through the key-hole and see who was there before the door was opened. And there would be no sweethearts loafing about the kitchen Sunday nights, ah no. Truly, a ghost would be a great boon to • the home, and if any of our readers knows of a ghost out of a job, send him at once to : this office. 