MISCELLANEOUS. -w Fifty persons, accused and convicted of witchcraft, have been burnt to death, on the Gold Coast of Africa. On all sides testimony is being borne to the remarkable power of the electric light shown at the new lighthouse at the South Head. Captain Miles, of the brtrQuo Notero, which arrived recently from Launceston states that on Monday night he first saw the reflection of the light at a distance of 35 miles, notwithstanding that the weather was very thick and f"ggy. He never once lost siuht of it. Captain Walker, of the steamer Allowrie, st tes that he saw the reflection of the light whilst off Kiama. In the Sydney Equity Court on Tuesday the hearing of the action. Mcwott, v. Watson was concluded. This was a suit to restrain the defendants from proceeding with an action at law on three promissory notes for £2,000 each, which, it is alleged, had been given in consideration of the defendants be coming security to the plaintiffs for a cash credit with the City Bank for £10,000. The plaintiffs allege that it was agreed that the notes were to be paid out of the profits only, The jury found for the plaintiffs. At the shops commission on Tuesday morn ing, Mr. Woods made merry over the admis sion that Pr< sbyterians ate bread on Monday that had been set and baked on Sundays. A witness said the bread was set on Sunday. Mr. Woods—"Do the Presbyterians eat fresh bread on Mondays ?" Witness—" Yes, and hot rolls too." Mr. Woods (falling in flection)—"Oh, the beggars!" (General (laughter.— iVorld. In Woolloomooloo, a heartless larrikin of 12 induced a little fellow of four to smell a burning stick which he had for ligthing crackers. Vaseline is now being used for the child's nose, and the father would like to come across the big boy. A fatal disaster occurred on Wednesday in the Black Horse mine, Egerton. Robert Walker and James Bourke had tired a shot in a winze and Bourke imprundently reentered the winse shortly afterwards, and fell down, overpowered by the fumes. Walker went to the rescue, and was also overpowered. Both men were subsequently brought to the surface, but Walker was dead. Bourke is recovering. Mr. John Bortlnvick, junr., of Heathcote, has had the misfortune to lose his youngest child, ,a little girl four months old, under very distressing circumstances. On Wednes day morning, between nine and ten o'clock, a child had been left by the mother quietly sleeping in bed, and on returning to it about lialf-an-hour afterwards, she found ■ it dead. The* child had accidentlly got the sheet twisted about its face, and was suffocated. At an inquiry held byMr. J. Crowio, J.P., a1 decision of accidental death was given. The" Minister of Justice has received from Messrs. Grant and Stamp, of Sandhurst,"a list of the names of thirty-one witnesses they propose to'call-to pioveitlie statements made with regard to the conduct of.-Mr. d'Keefc, J.P., at' a: recent; auction sale, .and■; lias therefore informed Mr. O Keefe that as the 'allegations made have now been' adopted: by the gentlemen named, -who. take: the responsibility, of endeavouring - to ^prove them, they must-be referred , to a-board of inquhy. . ... • Last year (says a \New ..York- .paper);.,.263 divorces were granted in- fc-t .. Louis, . 87 • in favour of- husbands and 17G in favour of wives ; and the whole number of decrees" no fewer than 243, or more than-: nine-tenths, were granted by default.to.the;plaintiffs.It. , would be interesting-to know in how many eases the" defendant knew nothing-of,, the: application. It is said that the Pope will, shortly- -issue : another Encyclical :. letter , against;-secret political societies, urging upbn-the bishops . and priests - throughout the ' Catholic : world. not to'admit anyone to their -Easter .cnmniu-. nion without obtaining a .solemn • statement, that the communicant does not belong,to any association of the kind: .referred to. This Encyclical .will. be. especially directed to the icare-of the Church in Ireland. ; -The engine of the twelve: o'clock-.special from Seymour burst at Tallarook on Tuesday night. On a wire being sent to - Spencer street an engine was forwaided to bring, the train-to Melbourne, but until it got back to Kilmore the 3.55 a.m.- from 'town was de tained there,, so .that the : morning^papers did not rcach Seymonr -until after nine o'clock. A man named-Purchase received severe injuries on his head in the New Chum Rail waymine on Wednesday .;by a piece of timber ■falling -while- he was moving a rock-borer. James Batson, a boy eight years old, had both .the bones of his left arm broken on Wednesday by being jambed between a gate and post. A man named John Morrison was arrested on warrant on Wednesday for.neglecting to .contribute to the support of -his .child . in the •Industrial school.- ■ - i A passenger; by the^brig.-M-.'A..Doran has ■ recovered>£10 damages in a: case against, the captain of the bris*, for breach of-vcontract in respect to the: accommodation . provided-, on - the passage ;:-from-r the > Cape. • 'Six. similar actions;by other-passengers ar_e pending. • ' [Robert- :Anderson,5 : -an • inbdventbank manager,' was -on Wednesday; sentenced to four 'months' imptisoninent for contracting 'debts without any justilication. Michael Callan, the firemen who fell down fhe stokehole of the ste.imei" ,Kenibla,' at ' Newcastle, received- 'such dreadful:inj.uries that he died. - • 1 ; ■ i At the Huntly Police Court-«von., Wednes-" I day morning the dog inspector sumnionea.-1a [ man named Doyle for. being • the owner 'of [two unregistered dogs.;. The , defendant stated that he had supplied the inspector with firewood in payment. The police , mag istrate said that if the statement was true the officer deserved to be dismissed, and if false, Doyle ought to be punished for making it. The inspector denied the charge. Wh.atis easing in the Sandhurst, market a load of 54 bags being quitted at 4s. 9d., cx store. Tris was the best price obtained. Buyers are offering 4s. Sid. Other cereals are unchanged in value -The Sandhurst police made a raid on Wed nesday night on the Chinese "ambling dens in Bridge-street, and found a large number, of Chinamen indulging in games for money. Twenty Chinese were arrested. .:;.-H'bkry Russell.— Writing of Mr. Henry Russell, (he well-known composer, ;md singer of his own songs thirty years ago. a London journal says :—" A ghost of the past, Henry Russell, still walks London. How many people who heard him upwards of a quarter of a century ago singing ' A life on the ocean wave,' and others of his own ditties, would suppose he is yet alive ? But lu; is, •uul very niueh so, bring one of the heartiest and joiliest companions anywhere to be met with. What is his age is no one bold enough to guess. l!uc as lie sits at the piano, and trolls forth some of his old songs, or as lie walks the street with upright figure and sprightly step, no one wot'.ld take him for more than sixty at the most, He retired from Lis profession at a moderately early age, havi- g made a sub stantial fortune, which he invested with more succ.-s=; than professional people usually do. Since then he lias lived a happy and contented life, residing for a considerable portion of the year at Houlogne, and some times at Ramsgate. He is now content to live in the growing fame of his son, Chirk Hussell, who has lived part of ' a life on the ocean wave' to some purpose." Tm: Albouy Banquet.—It lias been decided, says the DaiUj Telegraph, that Albury banquet tickets will eatitie holdei'3 to go by rail to Albury on the day previous to the banquet if inclined, as well as on the day of the banquet (the 14th instant). The tickets will be available for return up (o and in clusive of the following Monday. Several officers of the Railway Department loft Mel bourne by a special train on Wednesday morning for Wodonga, for the purpose of seeing that the arrangements for the through traffic were in proper order. 