LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, September 19,18S3. I see that "Bleak House," the veritable place which supplied the idea and ike name for Charles Dickens's charming book, has recently been sold by public auction; and the old boathouse, which the same popular writer peopled with the ever-memorable Mr. Peggotty, little Em'ly, and the immortal Mr3. Gummidge, has lately disappeared from the site it formerly occupied on the Yarmouth sands, much to the regret of tourists, who made a great point of visiting this quaint erection, associated a3 it was with scenes of domestic life and adventures, so told that they seemed less the creations of fancy than existing things and living people. All readers of "David Copperfield" will regret to hear of the demolition I have referred to. The dra matised version of "Bleak House" is being played just now with indifferent success in London. I saw it performed some years ago, when Miss Jennie Lee most suc cessfully represented the unfortunate "Jo," and very few persons sat out that performance unmoved. The misery of the hunted street-boy, with the persistent" Move on " ever in his wake, was sufficient to touch the hearts of any but the most callous and phlegmatic. Mr. Irving and his company will not return until the summer of next year from their prolonged American tour. I see the Bishop of Hereford has just given his consent to the fixing of a memorial tablet in honor of Nell Gwynne on the outer face of his garden wall, so as to mark what is said to have been the exact site of the house in which the royal favorite was born. Mrs. Langtry is now in Paris, where, re port says, she has been joined by her husband. This lady ha3 secured good houses during her provincial tour in England. She is now taking a course of lessons from a distin guished member of the Comedie Erancaise. The poet laureate is, it is said, very un willing to fulfil the injunction of his sovereign to perpetuate in laudatory verse the virtues of the late John Brown. Mr. Tennyson is cruising with the Premier, who has gone to Norway, and rumor declares the former ha3 requested Mr. Gladstone to use his influence with Her Majesty so that he (Mr. Tennyson) may be absolved from so very uncongenial a task. In Manitoba, America, there i3 to be a re vival of the ancient custom of taxing men eligible for matrimony, but unwilling to put on the fettei-3 of Hymen. Every bachelor with an income of a thousand dollars a year is to pay a tax of twenty dollars unless able to prove an intention to marry within two years; the only exemption is when a man is unable to find a bride even after advertising for one —a safe clause I ween. The Duke and Duchess of Teck (Princess Mary of Cambridge) left London last week en route for their new German home. The apartments recently occupied by the Duchess and her family in Kensington Palace are being made ready for the Marquis and Marchioness of Lome (Princess Louise), who are expected home from America shortly. Talking of royal residences, I see the great vine at Hampton Court Palace is very prolific this year, the bunches of fruit numbering 1,300, or 30 in excess of last year; this bearing is, however, below that of some previous ! years, for the vine has been known to pro- I duce as many as 2,211 bunches of grapes in a i single season. The produce is at the entire disposal of Her Majesty the Queen. One hardly knows how nor likes to credit a report that when at Baden the Prince of Wales wore the dress of a cook at a fancy dress ball given in his honor. Among other festivities for which the presence of Eng land's future ruler gave excuse was a fancy fair, where a chalk portrait of the royal visitor executed by a local artist was sold for 70 guineas, and shortly after resold at an enormous profit. The birth of a granddaughter to the Em peror of Austria was naturally somewhat of a disappointment, though the rejoicings in honor of the event were by no means signifi cant of that feeling. The preponderance of sons over daughters, and vice versa, is very conspicuous in some families from generations downwards; and the reigning royal house of Belgium and the Imperial one of Austria are singularly alike in reBpect of one son only heing born to each. The Crown Prince Budolf, whose little daughter has just made her advent, is the only son of hi3 father. The KiDg of the Belgiums' son died many years ago, and no other heir has been born to him, consequently the desire for a grandson was correspondingly great in proportion to the issues depending on such circumstance. The daughter of the lord mayor is to be married before the expiration of her father's term of office. I hear the affair is to be a magnificent one, and that 300 guests have been bidden to the wedding. The breakfast will be given at the Mansion House in the Egyptian Hall. The well-known war newspaper correspon dent, Mr. Archibald Forbe3, having during his brilliant career amassed a considerable fortune, is about to retire from active labors and is to marry an American lady of good family and large fortune. English women are getting envious of their American sisters who draw so many matrimonial prizes. Several British peers have taken wives from amorg them, and celebrities of all sort3 here have chosen American women instead of those of their own native land. Naturally, therefore, there is not a little soreness of feeling among these latter. American girls are not all of the bold Amazon type of the bloomer costume and Mary Walker characteristics; and though their general demeanor is not per haps so gentle and unassuming as that of the ideal Englishwoman, as a body they certainly are noiless modest in the strict acceptation of the term. The grossness which charac terises certain sections of American woman hood belongs to themselves alone, some of the political institutions of the country being re sponsible for some falling off in the inherent delicacy of speech and action which should distinguish all classes of womenalike,from the Hottentot even to the empress. The sudden death of Mr. Dutton Cook, the well-known author and critic, leaves a breat blank in literary circles. Only last Saturday there appeared in the World a criticism of a new play that had been pro duced at the Globe Theatre. It was signed with Mr, Cook's initials, and he expired two days afterwards. Mr. Cook is best known as the author of the novel "Paul Forrester's Daughter," "Hobson'sChoice," "AProdigal Son," and many other works of fiction, in cluding his last book, " Hours at the Play." The colossal statue of Liberty, executed by Bartholdi, will be ready for erection in New York harbor some time _ in November. _ Its enormous size, &c.;, will, it is said, constitute it the eighth wonder of the world. The gross -weight of the statue when complete will be over 200 tons, and it measures 150 feet in height. Some idea of the details which go to complete this gigantic work may be gleaned from a description of the hand of the figure, the nail on the index finger being 12 inches in length, the other parts of the extremity being duly proportionate. Since penning the paragraph anentthe de parturefromEnglandof the Duke andDuchess of Teck, I have been told that instead of a royal escort, Mr. Cook, the. well-known ex cursionist, nas undertaken the conduct of these self- banished exiles and their belong ings. The contract has been made in further ance of those principles of economy which the royal household must henceforth adopt and rigidly adhere to./ A contemporary noticing the fact says, "The whirligig of time has modified the conception of royal dignity, iempora mutantur nos et mutamur in illes." : The veteran journalist, Mr. G. A. Sala, is said to be contemplating a voyage .to. Demerara. His mother was a West Indian, and it is expected that.on his return Mr. Sala will enrich literature with a book of travel written in that gentleman's most-delightful gossiping style! - I see that a Mr. James of, Ipswich, has in vented a sma$l incubator, entitled the "Little gem," It is cheap, light, and portable, and so simple that a .child may manage it. A " 13-egg" incubator costs 10s. "25-egg" 15s., 50 egg" 25s., "70'egg" 40s. In Regent street there is a very large incubator on view, and the various processes of hatching the eggs and rearing the broods, as viewed from the windows, attracts Bmall crowds on the pave ment in front of them continually. Apropos of artificial incubation, there is a story that some while back an ostrich farmer on the Murry River had a hen bird sitting on 12 eggs, which is the ordinary course would have been hatched by sixty-two days' continuous brooding, but the parent fell ill, and died before the accomplishment of her maternal task, and the proprietor hit upon a novel expedient for supplying her place. While yet warm the eggs were distributed among twelve members of the household with orders that each should take to his or her bed one egg until the days were fully accomplished, when the appearance of the young ostriches emancipated the foster parents from their confinement. The ostrich egg is eaual in quantity and nutriment to fifteen heai' eggs. I am told. Prima donnas are to be envied—at least, Madame Adelina Patti is. I see sbe is en gaged to sing at Manchester and other places for£500 per concert, about £150 for a single song. The Luther commemoration at Wifctenburg has commenced, and it is estimated that there were among the celebrants on the inaugura tion day over l,000.Protestant clergyman from all parts of Germany. Among the lineal descendants of the great reformer I notice the names of Lieutenant Luther, of the British Davy, and a Dr. Luther, of Belfast. A friend of mine living at Port Elizabeth, South Africa, writes to say that he was pre sent at a oonversazione given in that place, when as an object of interest there was ex hibited to the assembled company a dress that was worn by a Countess of Airlie at a ball given by Prince Charles Stuart, m Holyrood Palace, Edinburgh, in 1745, in honor of a victory gained at Preston Pans. By the way, the family seat in Scotland of the Airlie's has sustained considerable damage by fire duriDg the past week. It was rented by the Earl of Dudley for a few months, who took with him a retinue of sixty servants, a great deal of plate, furni ture, and other valuable effects. During the past few weeks a great number of guests Dave been entertained at Cortachy C3stle, the seat referred to. The new part of the build ing is almost entirely demolished, and many yaluableBhavebeen damaged or destroyed also. « * • i- remembered that when the late Earl of Airlie expired suddenly in India, several great persons of distinction whom the coun tess was entertaining at Cortachy Castle, heard the fateful drummer-boy, whose phantom "execution is said invariably to denote the death of the head of the House of Airlie. The society papers were filled with the story said to be authenticated by persons of unquestioned truth and high social poai rioh*. However that may be it is certain Lord Airlie died, and did so very unexpectedly. At the time there was another story going the round of the journals anent the traditional ghost, which is as much the possession of every ancient house as are the hereditary acres that accrue to the heir. It was said that a whole suite of rooms in a distant part of the _ castle were shut off and carefully barricaded, the windows even being boarded-up, and every precaution taken to prevent intrusion and remark. Once upon a time, so the story goes, during atemporary absence of their host a party of visitors determined to explore the mysterious region and discover its secret, but before they could accomplish their purpose Lord Airlie returned, and so severely displeased was he at the conduct of his guests that he begged to be relieved of their presence as speedily as possible. Since the late Earl of Airlie died it was announced that a quiet funeral one day issued from the portals of the haunted chamber, and the coffin was placed with the utmost privacy consistent with the law in the vault of the Airlie family. Subsequently an explanation of the affair was given ; how much was true, or how much false, those only knew who were in the secret. The inmate of the closed chamber was said to be the real ear), uncle to the late Earl of Airlie, but being an imbecile from the day of his birth, was wholly incapable of inheriting the family estates and sustaining the family honor. His existence was kept secret from everyone except the possessor of the title, his factor, and the unhappy man's attendant, who, it is said, never left his master, and whose existence was alike unsuspected by the other inmates of the castle. On the attain ment of his majority the terrible secret was revealed to the next heir, and report declares the sad secret weighed heavily, on the heart of the present earl's father, and very much embittered bis existence. Visitors at the castle from time to time declared they had seen a little grizzled, elfish figure of more uncanny aspect, which was taken for a spirit, but now is supposed to ha\e been ths unfortunate recluse who some times managed to evade- the vigilance of his keepers. It is hardly to be wondered that the family of the Airiies let Cortachy Castle, associated as it is with memories so depressing and so painful. Perhaps with the partial de struction of the edifice the fateful drummer's career may also be ended. Miss Keddie, a Scotch lady, residing at Kensington, and of mature years, has been entrusted with the onerous task of writing the biography of Her Majesty the Queen. The work, when complete, will be a com panion volume to the life of the. Prince Consort; but the work is only in its pre liminary stages, and some months, perhaps years, may elapse ere the material can be colkcted and the procedure arranged. Miss Keddie is busily occupied in consulting authorities and classifying matter and works in the British Museum continually. It wa3 by the advice of Lord Ronald Gower that the Queen selected Miss Keddie for the impor tant task she has before her. She is a very pretty-looking eld lady, and wears glasses over her bright, keen eyes. 