Our Concert Stall. 5F- AST Saturday Mr. Punch being as wet JN without, as Mynheer Van Dunk was, nor- Trji mally, within, he took refuge in the Pro- testant Hall and heard the latest new fJ patent improved " Saturday Pope' Mr. P. drinks Messrs. Charles Huenerbein's and Halle- well's good health, and their families', and may they live long and prosper. He is particularly obliged to them for their persistent endeavours to popularize good, true English vocal music, of which there exists an untold wealth. Though several of the numbers dragged, through Mr. Huenerbein (whose accompaniments are none so dusty) being "up in a balloon," or "down among the dead men," or otherwise "non est," yet was there '-much music, and excellent voice." Mrs. Riley was at her very best in getting through Bernhold Tours' elegant " East ern Gate, ' and Mr. Hallewell gave a rendering of "The Diver " which few could approach ; in fact, he dived so deep that it was a wonder how he ever came up any more. Miss Dora Brown was sweetly girlish about the " Minstrel Boy," and Mr. James Hinchy's production of a very pleasing voice and his excellent enunciation in " Alice, where art thou ?" were such a lesson to many of our singers, that it seemed most cruel of the young lady not to explain to him her whereabouts. Then Herr Francik and Mr. Charles Malcolm contributed violin and pianoforte playing, both doing well, and the latter distinguishing himself in a fantasia on that funny duet of Dulcamara's with Norina, "/o son ricco e tu set bella." But the special feature of the evening was the part-singing. Be sides Parry's fine duet, " Flow gently, Deva," excellently sung by Messrs. Hinchy and Hallewell, and the ever welcome " I know a bank," by Mrs. Riley and Miss Brown, who kept a capital floating balance, the former lady did good service in the treble of Webbe's delicious glee, " When winds breathe soft," and Bishop's still more elegant " Sleep, gentle lady." Even better executed was Horsley's difficult and exquisitely written male voice glee, "By Celia's Arbour." which brought down a storm of applause ; md last — not least- Haydn's humorous trio, " Maiden Fair " (though it lost a little by being quite unaccompanied), and Webbe's glorious old catch, " Would you know my Celia's charms /" were rendered with a perfect apprecia tion of all their fun and point. The former exhilarated Mr. Punch as much as a couple of S. and B.s, and the latter sent him home with a hop, skip, and a jump, and set him dreaming of the gentle spinster's age till he jumped out of bed, seized his pencil, and produced the illus tration on page 405. By far the most enjoyable item in Miss Pedley's concert on Tues day were the movements from one of Hummel's too seldom heard trios for violin, violoncello, and pianoforte. The fresh and charming Op. 22 was selected ; and in the Andante con Variazioni, where the melody is frequently given to the 'cello, Herr Herman distinguished himself by his excellent " bowing," as fully as did Miss Pedley by her neat and finished stopping in the Rondo alia Turca. Mr. Punch prefers the lady's fiddling to her singing ; and later on in the pro gramme she again gave a taste of her quality in a couple of elegantly played violin solos. She created a considerable effect, however, in Gliick's immortal " Che faro ?" especially in the recitative. The only other matters deserving notice were Schneider's charming and well sung part-song, for male voices, " Absence," Herr Vogrich's masterly rendering of Liszt's elaborate but unmelodious " Rhapsodie Hon- groise," and Mr. Wr. W. G. Walker's !i gentleman-like offer " to for lorn damsels to " Live in his heart and pay no rent." Mr. Punch being unable to attend Mdme. Marius' recent concert, is indebted to his accomplished musical contemporary, the Evening News, for the following particulars : — " There was a large and highly respectable audience." This is gratifying, because audiences are not always " respectable and the statement shows, moreover, an excel lent critical acumen as tb who attend for the sake of fashion, and who in hopes of lighting unawares upon " what isn't his'n." Then it is said of a " singer," whose name is unmentioned, that ' her forte is the plaintive, the pathetic, the sentimental, and the meiancholy." This is touching. A veritable lady masher ! Must be the connter- sexed ghost of Robson in " The Blighted Being !" But the E. N. continues its exalted strain of resthetic criticism thus: — "She is polished and refined in her platform deportment, handsome in person, and dresses magnificently." This is dangerous. Mr. Punch, being muchlv married, read 110 more, but put aside the insidious nectar, lest he should light on some such further critical particulars as those for- merly vouchsafed to the dudes of " Her Majesty's," London, touching the favorite danseuse, Bosch et-ti, in which they were kept au covrant of the exact quantity of book-muslin in which the bewitching little lady would appear, the number of yards in each jupon, and what the washerwoman charged for clear-starching. 