Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XIV. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; THE days went on and on, and still Donal saw next to nothing of the carl. Thrice he had met him on his way to or from the walled garden in which he was wont to take what little exercise he ever did take; on one of those occasions his lordship had spoken to him very courteously, on another had scarcely noticed him. and on the third passed him without tho smallest recognition. Donal, who with equal mind took everything as it came, troubled him self not at all about the matter. He was doing his work as well as he knew how, and that was enough ; why should he desire the recogni tion of what was an essential to his own being ? He saw scarcely anything now of Lord Forgue, whose ardour after mathematics and Greek, such as it had been, was so much abated that he no longer sought the superior scholar ship of Donal. He could not help fancying also that the young fellow avoided him. Of Lady Arctura he saw as little as ever, and of Miss Carmichael happily nothing at all. But it pained him to see Lady Arctura, as often as he chanced to pass her about the place, looking so far from peaceful. What was the cause of it? Most well-meaning young women arc in general tolerably happy—partly perhaps be cause they arc content with small attainments, and do not trouble themselves much about what alone is worth their thought—and per haps the first impulse of such is to despise sadness as something unworthy. Lady Arctura was devouring her own soul in silence, with none but such wretched help as the self sufficient Miss Carmichuel, who had never encountered a real difficulty in her life, was able to give her. The autumn passed, and the winter was at hand—a terrible time to the old and ailing even in lands near the sun—to the young ana healthy a merry time even in the snows and bitter frosts of the east coast of Scotland. Davie was looking forward to the skating, and in particular to the pleasure he was going to have in teaching Mr. Grant, who had never done any sliding beyond that of a poor boy on the soles of his nailed shoe*, but who, when the time came, acquired it the more rapidly that he never cared what blunders he made in trying to learn a thing. The dread of blunder ing is a great bar to the success of tho aelf anxious. He continued to visit the Comma often, and found continued comfort and help in their friendship, while the letters he received from home, especially those from his friend Sir Gibbic, who not unfrcqu< utly wrote for Donald father and mother, were a great nourishment to him. The twilight had fallen one evening as Donal * The sole right of publication in t,»i!c«mAand of "Donal Grant'' has been puruhai>eil by the Brisbane Newspaper Companv, Limited. ■at writing, and the wind had risen. It was now blowing a gale. When he could no longer see ho rose to light his lamp, and looked out of the window. All was dusk around him, above and below nothing to be distinguished from tho mass, in which something and nothing seenn-il to share an equal uncertainty. He heard the wind, but could not see the clouds sweeping before it, for all was cloud overhead, ami no change of light or feature showed the shifting of the measureless bulk. A gray stormy space was the whole idea, of the creation. He seemed to gaze into a void—say rather a condi tion of things inappreciable by his senses. A strange feeling came over him as if he wcro looking out of a window in the walls of the visible world into tho region unknown, to man shapeless quite, therefore terrible, wherein wander the things all that have not yet found or form or sensible embodiment wherewithal to manifest themselves to eyes or ears or hands of mortals. In such a region imagination might indeed have scope, if imagination could live therein at all. As he gazed tho huge shape less hulks of the ships of chaos, dimly awful suggestions of animals uncreate, yet vaguer notions of what was not, seemed to come heav ing up, to vanish even from the fancy as they approached the window. Earth was far below, invisible-; only through the dark came the moaning of tho sea, which the wind drove in still enlarging waves upon the flat shore, a level of doubtful grass and sand, three miles away. It seemed to his ear as if the moaning of the sea was the voice of darkness lamenting, like a repentant Satan or Judas, that it wan not the light, and could not hold the light, and become as the light, but must that moment cease when the light began to enter it. Darkness and moan ing seemed to be all that the earth contained. Would the souls of the mariners shipwrecked this night go forth into the ceaseless turmoil ? or would they, leaving behind them the sense for storms, as for all things soft and sweet as well, enter only a vast silence, where wasnothingtobe aware of but each solitary self ? Many thoughts, many theories, passed through Donal's mind as ho sought to land the conceivable from the wandering bosom of the limitless, and ho was just arriving at the conclusion that, as all things scon must bo after the fashion of the unseen whence they come, as the very genius of embodiment is likeness, therefore the soul of man must of course have natural relations with matter: but, on tho other hand, as the spirit must be the homo and origin of all this moulding, assimilating, modelling power, and the spirit only that is in harmonious oneness with its origin can fully exercise this disputed creative power, then it must be only in pro portion to the eternal life in them that spirits are able to draw to themselves matter and clothe themselves in it, so entering into full relation with the world of storms and sunsets —he was, I say, just nrriving at this hazarded conclusion, when he started out of his reverie, and was suddenly all ear to listen. Again ! Yes! it was the same sound which had sent him that tirst night M-andoring through the house in fruitless quest. It came in two or three fitful chords that molted into each other like tho colours in the lining of a shell, then ceased. He went to the door, opened it, and listened. A cold wind came rushing up the stair. He heard nothing. He stopped out on the stair, shut his door, and listened. It came again—a strange unearthly sound. If ever disembodied sound went wandering in the wind, just such a sound must it be ! Donal, knowing nothing of music save in the forms of tone and vowel change and rhythm and rhyme, felt as if he could have listened for over to the wild wandering sweetness of lamentation. But almost immediately they ceased—then once more came again, but apparently from afar 'off, dying away on the distant waves of tho billowy air, out of whoso wandering bosom it seemed to issue. It was as the wailing of a summer wind, caught and swept along in a tempest from the frozen north. The moment he ceased to expect it any more ho began to think whether it must not have come from the house after all. He stole down the stair. What he would do he did not know. He could not go following an airy nothing all overthe house, of a great part of which he as yet knew nothing. His constructive mind would have gladly gained a complete idea of the castle, outside and in—it was almost a passion with him to fit the outsides and insides of things together in his understanding; but there were whole suites of rooms into which, except the earl and Ludy Arctura wore to leave home for awhile, ho could not hope to enter. It was little more than mechanically that ho went vaguely seeking the sound; ore ho was half way down tho stair ho recognised the hopeless ness of 1 lie attempt, but kept on to the school room, where his tea was waiting him. But. after that soon tame another phenome non, involving more wonder, and doubt even painful. It pointed in tho samo direction as the former, though what that direction wa.s it was impossible for Donal even to guess. Ho had returned to his room, and was sitting again at work, now reading and meditating. How long he had thus sat ho could not have told, for when the mind is busy it takes little noto of the phantasm time, when, in one of the lulls of tho storm, ho became aware of another sound—one most unusual to his ears, for he never required any attention in his room—that of the stops of someone coming up the stair—heavy step*, not such as of one accustomed to run up and down on ordinary service. He waited listening. The Bteps came nearer, ami stopped at his door. A hand fumbled about it and found the latch, lifted it, and entered. To Donal's surprise, and something to his dismay, it was the carl. The dismay was from his appearance. He was deadly pale, and his eyes move like those of a corpse than of a man moving about amon" his living fellows. Donal started to his feet. "The earl turned his head towards him; but in his look there was no atom of rccog niton — not as much as amounted to an acknowledgment of his presence ; the sound of his rising merely had its half me chanical etfoet upon his brain, lie turned away imm.-diutrly, wont to tin? window, and there stood much as Donal had stood a little whil- bi-fort", looking out, but with the attitude of one listening rather than one trying to see. There was indeed nothing new but the black ness to be soon—nor anything to be hoard but tho roaring of the wind, with the roaring of tho great billows rolled along in it. As he stood the time to Donal seemed long; it was but about five minutes. Was the man out of his m nd, or only a sleep- walker".' How could he be asl'-ep s<» early in the night? But, as ho stood doubting ;-.ml wondering, once more came a musical cry out of the darkness. Immediately came from tho earl what seemed a response -a soft low murmur by degrees becoming audible, in tlu> tune of a man meditating aloud, but in a restrained coatasy. From his words he seemed still to bo hearing the soundß aerial, though they came no more to the ears of DonaL " Yet once again, ere I forsake the flesh, are ray cars blest with that voice! It is the sone of the eternal woman ! For me she sings! Sing on, siren; my soul is a listening universe, and therein nought but thy voice!" He paused, and, after a time, began afresh : "It is the wind in the tree of life! Itß leaves rustle in words of love. Under its shadow I shall one day lie, with her I loved—and killed! Ere that day comes she will have forgiven and forgotten, and all will be well. " Hark the notes! Clear as a flute ! Pull and downy as a violin 1 They are colours! They are flowers ! They are alive! I can see them as they grow, as they blow ! Those are primroses! Those are pimpernels! Those high, intense, burning ones—so soft, yet so certain— what are they ? Jasmine ? No, that flower iB not a note ! It is a chord, and what a chord! I mean what a flower! I never saw that flower before—never on this earth! It must be a flower of the paradise whence comes the music! It is ! It is! Do I not remember that night when I sailed in the great ship across the ocean of the stars, and scented the airs of heaven, and saw the pearly gates gleaming across myriads of miles—-saw, plain as I see them now, the flowers on the fields within? Ah, me 1 the dragon-that guards the golden apples ! See his crest—his crest and his emerald eyes 1 He comes floating up through the murky lake! It is gcrvon—come to bear me to the gyre below!" With that he turned, and with a somewhat quickened step left the room, hastily shutting the door behind him, as if to keep back the creature of his vision. Strong hearted and strong brained, Donal had yet stood absorbed as if he too were out of the body, and knew nothing more of this earth and its presence. There is something more terrible in a presence that is not a presence than in a vision of the bodiless. A present ghost is not so terrible as an absent one, as a present but deserted body. He stood a moment help less, then pulled himself together and tried to think. What should he do ? What could he do ? What was required of him ? Was anything required of him ? Had he any right to do any thing ? Could anything be done that would not both be and cause a wrong? His first impulse was to follow ; a man in such a condition, what ever was the condition, was surely not one to be left to go whither he would among the heights and depths of the castle, where he might break his neck any moment. Interference, no doubt, was dangerous, but he would follow him at least a little way ! Ho heard tho steps going down the stair before him, and he made naste after him. But ere the earl could have reached the bottom of the stair the sound of his descend ing steps ceased ; and Donal knew he most have left it by one of the doors opening on other floors. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 