A THIRD EDITION of The hkitat.n. will bo published this aftornoon a little beforf six o'clock. The report of the third day'- racing at the Automn meeting of the A. J.C. wiil bo continued, the rssult of the polling for rears id tbe Harbor Trust will bo givou, and also a report of tbe meeting of subscribers to tho Melbourne Hospital to deoido as to whether the institution shall be removed' or not. As usual noy items of general interest will also bo published. In onr report of tho M'Intyre insolvency case yestorday, a typographical error occurred, tbe name of Mr Farmer being given as that of tbe insolvent's attornoy instead of Mr Turner, Tbo Oity Couno l meets on Monday noxt bat at half past two o'ebok instead of a quarter past throe o'clock, which ia the usnal hour. The resignation of Qjuncilior Holtoin will ba considered, Tbo remainder of the business consists ot the beating of objections to assess ment and the striking 0! rates, Mr J. E. Bromby— the Rev, Dr Bromby, we presume— in a letter to the Argus this morning, - states his conaiction thai there ia an intimate connexion between then mutism and tea drinking, He says 'But what becomes of tho tea? It is not 10 volatile as alcohol, and, unl02s, tho patient can boast of some active emuuetory to dispose of what is absorbed, it is likely to become cumulative, and ultimately to produce lever, my own observations load me to believo that tho skin U tbe chief emnnc tory for this pciion ; so that a obill to a heavy tea-drinker ia attended with moro serious coo sequences than to the moro abstemious, or even the imbiber of alcohol, That thero is au inti mate connection between rheumatism and skin is indicated by tbe strong odor of the perspira tion in rhenmatio fever patients ; bat wbotbor the rheumatism is connected with thsineor caffeino or other alkaline bitters, must ba de cided b7 extensive observation. My contri bution to this investigation is that on coming across rheumatic patient?, ospooially young people, I have repeatedly cautioned them toba oarefu! in tbis respeot, and have almost always been ancworcd in some such language us this, u Oh! but lam very fond of tea." An abotion of throo members to reprozent iho shipowning intorest on tbo Harbor Trust it taking plooo tc day, The poll, whiob wa opened at 0 o'clock tbis morning, will close at I p.m. As usual, tbo polling plaoo will be at the office of the Trust at tho corner of Little Flinders and William sfcreots. The election is caused by the retirement of Moisra John Marshall, H, R. Rdd, and James Huddart, who offer themselves for re-olactioa, the only new candidate being Mr W, S, Smith, TboSindridgo United Frienply Siciolios dispensary will be formally opened athaif-paal thrco o'clock this afternoon. The members ot tbo various societies will meet in tbo market equare and march in proceision iu full regalia through- tho borough. Mr F. Sissmao, the Mayor of Sandridgo, will declare tbo hal: pru. The final event for the championship of the South Melbourne Ewimmicg Oiub took plaod at tbe Emerald Hill Baths this morning iu tbe presence of a largo number of spectators. The diitance on this ocoaaion was 500 yardj, and as A, T, Konney and A, Bonnie had oach secarod 8 points, tho present contest virtually dooided the cbampiou»hip.T/irc9 started. ABeunie mads tbo pace for 400 yards, whoa A, T, Konney deprived him of the load, finally winning a magnificent race by about 5 yards.Bonolo boat ing tho older Kcunoy by 3 yards. Time, 8 min 15 sec. The adjourned meeting of the Brans wick and East Brunswick Foo'tball Gab was held in the local Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday oveniog. A report from tho delegates was received relative to the amalgamation of the two clubs, aud it was decided to combine under tbo name of Iho Branswick Club. Tho new olnb promises to be a very strong one, about 70 members being present at the meet ing. Tbe election of officers resulted 03 fellows President, Dr. J. V. Eccles ; Vioe- pto-ideut?, Meerrs. T, Stranger ond W, Striokland ; Treasurer, F, Boattia \ Scoretary, W. Eckorsall j OapUlo, J, Talbct j V.O„ F Johnson ; J Committee, J, Eckerssl, J, Gow; F. Lampaid, J. Talbet, and J.' Keott; Match OtTOmltted, Metsrs, Lam'pard, Talbot, Grjm- etor, and Walker, Mr J. Talbot wasappoia ad delegate to tbo Junior Football Association. It was roported that a rood balanoo was in band to commence the ensuing season with, Siuos tho deoaaio of Dstcotivoi Hutnoy, White, and Mooro, aud tho retirement of Detective Forstor and others, the staff has boon handicapped, aud tho dotootivos complain of betog unable to coi>o wh tbo largo amonnt o! work which is oxpootod of them, ond tbo dotootloa of thievos, oto. Tho work In tho offioe is pretty boavy, and tho sooner Ihe vaoanctos aro filled tho bettor for nil, Robberlca oxo cortaioly on the in. creaso just at prosont, and if it ia uot tho intone tion of tbaauthoriticH to roforw tho dotootlvo force or add to its staff, a half n dozen moro pleiu'clothcs police would bs most desirable, S.ino thief or thiovos oloarod a number of olothes linos of wearing appatol In Drummond street last night. In almost every oaso they had to climb over high fences and gates, and it isovident that tbo raid was a pro-orrangsd affair, The poople in Drummond stioet com plain that they aro totally disrogarded in tho matter of polioe protootiou, a oonstablo bsiug seldom or over seen in the straot, oxoopt ou bi» road hums ox to business. The snowdroppor as thwo olothes robbers are termed had a rare night of it. . < Havo yon seen tho Ghost,' U a question put by residents iu tho viciuity of tb-- Moroiacd road, between Brunswick aud Cobtirg. It arisss from tho fact that within tbo past few nights somo idiotio peuon has . taken it into hij head to onrol himself in a sheet, and duriog the absence of any of the mala box walk about and frighten women and children One lady in a very delicate state ot hoalth received a fright from this stupid follow tho other nigh tthat may terminate in a vory unpleasant manner. Two othor young ladies were procotdiug down the road on Tnoiday ovening and woro also severely alarmed, Thj patents complain that during the night one of tbora kept jumping up and screaming out owing to the shock she has reoeivod, Tho stupid follow may rut nsKursd that if he continues his pranks ho will moet with bis just deserts iu the shape of a good thxashiog, as several partid havo made up thoir minds to havo a ghost cbaao, I !Dr Gray, of Colhoa stroot. in clviuo'ovidsnc to-day in the Oity Court in aohargo of assault againBt an ico oream vendor named Ali Mr.bomct, stated rhnt after witneesiag the dis turbance ou Sunday uight last in Bonrko street be visited the watobhonso for tha purpose of asoertaiuing when the prisonar would bo brought before the oourt in ordov that he might say a few words ia his favor, and he could not got any civility from tbe offioor in charge. When ho onterod the wutoUhouse lie Mild one officer was sitting on a stool cutting his nails, and on asking him a quertinu about tbo sitting of tho court bo bollond oat something, but failed to supply him with the Information he required. Ho left the watchhouse exttomnly disvatinfied at being treated so nucivilly. Mr Banto&jdirccted; Sub-inspector Ferry to have tho matter in- ettigaUd, S?m months ago, in con?cqueuco of eom» plains made by business people, tbe police or red (heir attention to the yonog fruit haw. fcflr? who gather with thoir hand carts in Swnntnn and Elizabeth Btreo'.s, Th» hawkers th?y alleged stood their oarts in front or fbeit shop?; and vehicles going to and fro wete un&blo; to back into tbo gutter in a liao with the 6bop?, Conseqaontly a number wore arrested, others summoned, and fiuos In variably inflicted tor obitructiog tbo pablio thoroughfare. The nnisance was lessoned con. eiderably, bnt acoording to tbe statcmonf of tho police this morning in rospcct 0! three new atrests it ia again on the incroaso, Mr: Fanlon whon doaling with the defendants saiil the sympathy of tho bfneb was with tho prisonors, as they appeared to be pushing their business on, aud tryiog to mke an honest Uving ; but at tho same timo i behoved him and hie brother magistrates to sea thottbo roads ond footpaths ware not obstrno ted, and the Police Offences Sfcatuto ignored It is rather hard on thoao poor fellows, who prefer hawking to thieving, to bo'proaacuted fos selling n few pounds of fruit, bat still, by keep ing in motion, they woald bo ont 0! the roach of tbe law? An application for an injunction against the Yaudoit Grand Junction G.M.C., No Liability, will be made this aftornoon to His Qcnor Mr Justice Higiubotbam lu Obambots. Tho application is to bo made on bfchi»lf of Martin and, others, representing Martin's Freehold, wbo have brought an action agaicst the Yandoit Company to .-ecov&r; L1000 damages for the defendants miffing on tbe plaiutiff company's land, and also seeding wator on to thoir lan-j, The application is for an injunction pending thj In the matter of H, M.jGooch v A. G, M, Wilson of Avoca, Mr .Walsh, instructed by MvG. Woolcott, mado'an application to tbo Fall Conrt to make an ordor on au iatai- pleadet eummons a rulo of coart. A levy wa? made by tho theriff in Fobraary last,' aud the goods claimed by H, T. S;ockman of Avooa, botclkeeper, On boating of tbo interpleader summons tho Obiol Jmtico deoided iu Cham bers the cl>im 'barred' with costs agalnsl Stockman, Those coats had not been paid, hence1 tbe present application, Tho oonr, mado tho ordor a rule ot oourt, ae aakod, with cost', Tbo Queen v, Smyth andothara WQ3 an ap plication by Mr Hodges to the Full Court to day for a ruleuiai to quash a cor ificoto of a pnuticsn's liconse, ieaasd by the justices of Miuyip, The application was made on behalf of Jobu Golloyi a ratopayor, and publican of tbe same district, who objects' to the Hcetten granted to John Molony at KowgII. It appaorud that on I0:h March, 1882, tbe diatrlot was procUiinod a ipecialliosusing district. On 10th August, however, a poll of the ratepayers was taken, and it was do ided that tho numbar of pablio hooRos should not ba increased ia ths dwtrlot, The Govornor- io -Council oxotcising his poworo rovckGd, on 21lh Novcmoer, tho provioaB proclamation. Subsequent to tbe rovocution on 13;h Djoem- ber Mr F.L, Smyth &nd;> tho other licensing magistrates, howqvor, granted tho license not withstanding tho revocation. Tiio court granted tho rulo ni?i. In the action Jvho Wilkinson, bakor, of Sunbmy, v. Tho Shira 0! Melton, in which tho plaintiff claims L10Q0 damages for injuries sustained by being thrown ont of a buggy on a road under tho oontrol of tho Sbira Council, an ' application for interrogatories ni to how tbs accidont bnppuned was made to His Honor Mi Justios Higinbotham, in Chambers to-doy, Hla Honor, however, refused tbe order, as he considered the questions woro matters for ex amination of witneeeos, A matter of somo importf.noo to auotioa'vmv. who admit partnors into their boaiuaa was argued in Banco to-day, Tho case was Cooke v, Hcliiour. On 13&b; November last ono Thomas ; Smith Cooko laid , an inter maiicn against Mr Hcllicar, a partner Ia the firm of Htllioar aod Connoll, auotioncers, ond estate agenia of Elizabeth street, that MrBeliicsr was uofc r« liotnsod aaotloaoer, au>l yet hud words painted ovor his promisei, whi.'h led to belief that he was an anctioueor, Thu infikruution was heard before Mr Puttton aud Jmtiocs on 5th Dolombor- At the Distriot Court it was proved tha" Mr Hellicar was not a licensed auctioneer, bat hb partner 1-3. Mr Molesworth then argued ibat ihe djfendant s partner -haviog a lioanae was luffioknt oumpliacce witb ths itstuto and it wa« not ncotasery for every m:mbe ;3 ; ' ' of tho firm to havo a Iloonao. Tho magistrates hold with Mr Moleewortb, and diemiseodtho Information with I»5 5s oosta against Oooko, tho Informer, who, however, asked tho magistrates to state a epooial oaso to tbo FaUOonrt, which thoy did. To-day Mr Molosworth asked thoir Honors to romlttbo oaio to tho magistrates for amendment. This tbo oonrt rofuBCd, ond proooodod with hearing argumonte on tho appoal. Mr Molosworth mointolnod that only on activo parfcnor ro- quired nn auctioneers Iloonao, but in tho caao of Oonnoll and HoUicor# the latter was not natively engaged in tho anotionoor business. Tho conrt dooided against Mr Molosworth aud ollowod tho appoal giviug it as their Honors opinions that tbo magistrates wero wrong in dismissing tho caso. Costs woro ollowod, and tbo caso romittod for ro- boaring. A corroseondent in a morning paper, dealing with tho snbjoot of sohool holidays, writes 1 Lot us boo how thoy aro spent, From Christ mas Day to Now Year's Day tho boy has sampled tho good things provided to tbe extent of giviug bim tho ftortnrcs of tho oondomnod, for whioh ho has to bo dood ; ho has brokon sevoral windows by pliiyiog oriokot infua- licouscd places; ho baa ruined his clothes, bos boon riding nnd frllen off j has boon fishing and fallen in ; bo has performed a surgical oporotion on hio siater'n doll for dry dropsy wbioh tormimtod fatally; bai rogu latedtho kitchon clock to an extent that It will' never go no.inoro; aud bo. has killed tho cxt ; aud finding no moro worlds to coaquor, Is m- dltnting whnthor be shall learn 1 to sow or commit anicido, when tbo holidays torminato, and bis misery with tbum, and ho returns to school with joy.' What -a charm ing piotoro, and what n nice boy ? In tho Foil Cmtt to-doy Dr Quick mon tionod that tho child, F, B. Hurst, had booo doli voted to tho falhor, Edward fHuwli of Sandhurst, accountaut, and that tharo was. thoroforo, no necessity now for tho writ of habeas granted somo days ago by a judgo in Chambers. It will bo reinom- bcrod that tbo affidavits submitted iu cboiubore disclosed that Mrs Hrirst had goa-j away to Singapore on a professional engage mont, and loft the child with hot (Mrs Hurst a' mother and father. Mr Hmat rocontly mado application to thom for it, but they refused t givo it up, nnd benoo tho application for tho writ of habeas which is now rondotod unnooai- sary HisHonorMr Jastico Higinbotham nocoptod in Ohamboio tc-day a petition for dlvorco. inetitutcd by Mr F J, Hiokling, manager of the National Bank at Warrnorabool, against bia wife, Tho petition alleges tho wile's adnl- , tory with ouo Davouport 13rom field, Somo very extraordinary sintemeuta aro to bo dis closed iu tho hoaxing of this divorce suit, Somo pAtliculara of this oaao wore givou iu Thh ECkhald Bomol timoXaHO,but tbo naraoe of tho parties wero cot mi-ufeicncd, Tbo wife, who it oppoaTB has soparato property ofj her owe, has left for New Zonland, Mr Hodges made no application to tho Full Court to'dny ou behalf of Jobu Nr.thau for' a rule nisi calling on Charles Frondergast Hackott to ebow camowby the sum of L30 pidd into tho hands of tho sheriff on tho do- fondant's arrest on eopiap, prior to leaving for England, fchonldnat, together with LS Ca lid costs, bo paid out of conrt .to tbo plaintiff, Nathan had brought nn action against Hackott nnbad him arrested on a writ of o»plas. Hackott paid L'10 into ccmt nod loft tho colony. Tho oidct asked for was a rulo nisi, and cubstituto Borneo by posting tho rala ont side tho Frothonotaiy's office. The ordor was granted. Mr Johnson applied to tho Futi Court to day, oubobalf of ono Atfrcd Thomas Farley, for a mandatory ordor to compol Messrs Hanndou, Jones, aud Mooro, justices at Merino, to hoar and dele-rmico a case undo tbo Landlord and Tonnnt Statute, in whioh tho applicant was plaintiff. Afioi tomo ovi doncohad boon given at tho local polioo conrt, tho solicitor for tho defendant placid a third porscn in tho witooaa box, who gave ovidenos that the titio was in bim, and tha magistrates rofueod to hoar tho oaso, and it was struck out, Tbo court granted tbo inlo, Mr Molcsworth mado an application to tho Full Conrt to-day for a rulo ulei for a now trial in tho action Brooks v Tbe Board of Land ond Works, Tho plaintiff, a (arnitnvo dealer at Nualurkab, sued tbo Board of Land and Works to recover damages for iujarios allcgod to havo been sustained by bim In a railway collision at Nnmurk&b;, Tho jury gavo.an eleven-twelfths verdict fos tho de fendants. Tho application was ontbegronud that the verdict was against tbo weight of evi- i'onco. The conrt rafa»ed to disturb the vordiot of tho jury, nnd dismissed tho rulo. , At tbo Ooburg Police Court this morning, beforo Mi W. Hunt, J. P., Fator Cox was charged with wilful destruction to nronoitv. Thia is tho man wbo was arrested yeeterd&yfor; damaging tho villa rcsidonco in cbtxrso of erection for tbo Mayor of Brunswick, On tha application of Sergeant Basj tbo feensed was romandod till Tutsdny next, bail being fixed at L50. Cox apparently !b not of very bri;liant intollsct. Summonae havo 1 boon iesnod against tbo two othor wbo woro with him on tbo night tho offence was committed, William Smith and Edward Dnvias, Somo strnogo disclosures arooxpoctod whon tbo caro comes on, Tho M.A. Mail sayB the hon, J, B, Fatter lor.'x noma has boon montioued pretty frooly : of laid a? the probable cbairman of tbo Rail way Boatd abont to bo created, No doubt Mr Fatterion's conspicuous administration of tho Railway department pointed to bim as tbo most fit for tho position. Having plaoed our- selves iu communication with him to ascoitain bo truth of tbo rumor, wo received tbo fol lowing cbaractoristio reply 1 1 1 havo not tbo remotest intention of accepting any appoint ment. I have a genorons couetltaoncy and a P-cd buf-ineaj; what moro duoa a man want V Yesterday tbo AU Nations Bazaar at tbo TownHalljwoB numerously attouded in tho nfior noon and evening, and tho receipts amouufod to LJ28 13s 4d, making a total of LIDfiD 12 3d for tho , fonr days, In the aftornoon there wero numerous orgAn solos, and Mtao Carrie Nelson gave a dramatio rocital onUtlod Cinderella. In the ovoning thoro wax a gTand procession in which 200 ladies and gentlemen -in tho costtunoB of various nations took part. Tha. procession, was quitoinatiuo- Mve, ond was witnepsed with muoh interest, Ihld fkftoraoon Mrs Lewis's pupils will ropoat heir Maypole Dance, aud in tho ovoning tbo national oostumoa proceasion will again tako place. . Tho International Fair at tho Exhibition Buildiog, continues to attraot large crowds of vicitors. Up to Wodnosday night 18, 7S0 per- sons had paid for admUsion during tho throo days tho Fair bad then been opon, Tho re ceipts iii tbo same period wero L1913, of which LllSwastakuu on Wednesday, Yor,- torday thero was agtitt a very largo attsnd anoe, and the ladies and geutlomou in cbargs succeeded in doing a good busiuers. During tho Haftornoon and evening various amuse- monte woro provided. The E ten raid Hill Artiiloxy band and tho band of tho Carlton IMh's suppliod muticnl BGffiotiouiqthu rnorabora of tho Owl Olub ropoatod thoir porfurmanoi of Bombaston Farioso, aud tho St Kilda Ama teur Ohcisty Minstrels gnvo ono of tboir outer taiomo&te.; This afterauon thoro will bol a pianoforto tooital by pupils of Madame Tasoa, Mr W. R. Furlong will sing sovorao flongp, and tbo Bavarian Baud will play Eom loloctions. In tbo evemng Bombastes Furloso will be repeated by mombera ot tbo Owl Club, tbe Maynolo dan'ce will be rop aied. and KUion'o bind will ba in ftttondwee. . .. 