MEN ABOUT TOWN. [Desceibed bi' Themselves.] (No. L) THE SHAREBROKER. I am a sharebroker. If you should be going by the Corner any morning about 11 o'clock, or say twenty minute3 after (for at 11 1 usually eo across to the United Service for my glass of beer and a snack), and should see a young man with no beard and not much mouBtache, but what little there is carefully looked after and giving promise of a glorious future — a young man with rather tight trousers, a very small hat, and a very big collar, ditto cuffs, that will [in all probability be me. If in addition to the above he is leaning against a post and snapping hia fingera to a little dun-coloured dog with a black pug nose and a curly tail, you may be quite sure that it is me. The dog isn't mine— a dun-coloured dog suggests unpleasant reflections. He comes trotting around every day, with his no3e in the air and that perky little tail of his curled in such a contemptuous fashion as to suggest th6 thought that he must be the ghost of some departed share speculator who did pretty well in this world, and who haunts the scenes of his former life just to see how things are getting along. When there isn't much doing I lean against that post for an hour sometimes, thinking of the old life in the Bank where my father placed me when I left school, of my honest efforts to do my duty there, of the pitiful screw I got, of my removal to a country branch, salary £75 a year and find myself, of my life in the hotel at the little country township where my lot was cast, of the drinking and the billiards, and the flirta tion with Mary the housemaid and Jane the blacksmith's daughter, of the debts I con tracted which I could not pay, of the hot nights in summer when to drink, and drink, and drink was really the only way to make life bearable, of the miserable headaches next day, and then of the muddles in the accounts, and so on, step by step, till the Manager could bear with me no longer, and then the removal and the demand upon me to pay what I owed, and the row when it came to the governor's ears, and of my leaving the Bank's service— an honest lad, thank God, but a fast, silly young fool for all that, and made so by the very nature of my surroundings. I never see a Rood Bank dividend declared but I wonder how many a poor, indifferently paid boy has been nearly ruined in the making of it. Reveries of this kind are, however, often rudely broken in trpon by the sudden rush of another l-roker shouting, 'Got any duck esgs?' ' Got any fishes ?' as the case may be. Now, that means business, or perhaps the con trary. It may be that some astute holier of ?lucks' eggs or fishes has made up his mind to sell out, and so sends round an enquiry as to what they can be bought at, with a view to trying to get up a run on them ; or it may be that the Manager has sent down a good report of the mine, and that Mr. Smith, a Director, has just been to the office and seen it, and so he gives the hint to hia friend Jones, and Jones is buying on joint account, and tells his broker to act quhkly. The one who comes to me explains that I must do my work for say a third of the com mission, as he has to divide with another broker, and in order to make the commission when so split up worth anything to either of us we have to bleed the seller pretty freely. I believe cases have been known where an ignorant seller has been got at to an altogether shameful extent, where brokers have taken the position of principals, and in a rapidly rising market thrown over the person for whom they really bought, and stuck to the shares themselves. I believe that rogueries of all kinds have been carried on in connection with share transactions, but I also believe that the same may be said of any other business under the sun. The numerous lady friends of that glorious monarch Charles the Second are said to have had a habit of betting very large sums of money with th6 ecclesiastics who hovered around that august sovereign's Court that the King would make Bishops of them. The ladies usually won, and the apostolic succession went on in an unbroken line. I don't think sharebrokers ever did anything muck worse than that. Holders of scrip have often themselves to blame for many of the irregularities which take place. When the broker talks of his com mission they say, 'Oh, I didn't want to have anything to do with commissions. Bring me so much for my shares. That is all I ask. You can keep . all you get over a certain amount.' Some good brokerages are fre ouently made in this way ; and how can the broker be blamed? We are a good deal wiser than to wish to see this system altered. Then, again, we have got into a loose way of paying for scrip sold with our own cheques. Instead of handing our principal the buyer's cheque and getting our commission from him we pay the buyer's cheque into our own account and draw our own cheque for the amount due the seller, less the commis sion. Cases have been known in which the banker has embraced the opportunity to set the overdraft reduced, and has actually had the effrontery to dishonour our own cheques when presented for payment. One can't help pitying a man so caught ; but who Is most to blame, the man who encourages the system, or the poor broker whose confi dence in his banker has been so rudely shaken ? Of course there are brokers to whom this kind of thing is never likely to occnr— men who have a balance to credit and shares and properties galore, men who ride in carriages and hold good positions in society, men who have always been honest and prudent, and whose prosperity is well earned and thoroughly deserved. But these men don't know much about gold mines ; they buy good fat dividend-paying stock for respectable old fogies, who buy to hold. They enquire only for bank and insurance shares and suburban trams, ' they couldn't sell a lot of ' duck's eggs' or ' fishes' if you paid them ever so handsomely they wouldn't do it, it would be considered infra dig.'1 They know the talk of Bank parlours, and the secret of Insurance Boards. They hint to their principals that there will be a new issue of the City and Suburbs Bank shortly, and that the Sink or Swim Marine has lost £2,000 on the Neckornought, which has just been in collision and sunk in the Channel. They act as brokers for new Companies, and their recommendation means a good list of applications from moneyed people. When you sell shares through them you may be quite sure they will see them transferred, and that their cheques will be honoured. I wonder if I shall ever arrive at such dignity. I have to stand against a post in King William-street and put myself in the way of people. These men have offices of their own, and keep books. Old gentlemen from the country come to see them and leave their money with them to invest. They get telegrams, ' Buy me 50 or 100 so and ses,' notieven naming a limit. Here is confidence for you. I wonder if their clothes have anything to do with it. On thoughtful consideration, I have come to the conclusion that long cuffs and right trousers are not conducive to confidence. A frock coat and rather baggy trousers with a black or white bell topper (black by preference) appears to have most attraction for moneyed people. I think in a, year or two I shall try and dress the part, but a fellow who has played the walking gentleman cannot come the heavy father all at once ; and then there is one's reputation with the ladies to be thought of ; I know they like my style best. 