CLAR A. Mastiff hound, or mongrel, their affectio c ate greeting would hare betrayed her had she gone near their quarters. Not tile faintest twinkle of a star, not a grey tinge upon the sable clouds. But at the corner of the meadow was a faint feeble twinkle. A light gleaming in the cottage basement, that betokened its inmates were astir. Clara paused for a moment, and leaned, shivering and sick at heart, against the or clhard paling. There is something very drear and alarm ing, to a woman at almost ally age, at finding herself alone and abroad ait a late hour of the night, or an early hour of the morning. Thii, even in London and its environs ; even on a fair summer night, or a bright summer mornieg. It is then that the bravest woman feels the lelplessness of her sex. She is startled by every sound. She looks up at the closed windows; and inless lihe wears the ncredited blue costume of the guardians of the public peace, she feels ncrvous at the approach of a luman, who is likely to be somle young or old debaucheo returnilng from a late carouse, and who, in nalicious sport, if from no worse impulse, is likely to insult her. If this is the feeling of a lone woman tra versing at unusual hours the vicinage of densely populated London, how much worse in tle rural districts ? Clara had been carefully and delicately nurtured, after all. Hlow she shrank and shuddered when she found herself standing out in the open nlea dlow on that dreary winter morning. liow wistfully she glanced at the substan ial dwelling-house wherein was the eonl fortably, almost luxuriantlyfurnished cham her she had left. But then the ghostly horrors of the slnep ,valker's dream, rushed upot her mind. And the dismal scene out in the chill air, the rain and the darkness, acquired new terror. .uhe groan of her grandsire was in the rushing of the wind, his hovering ghost in the shade. But actual,no less than superstitious fears, surrounded Clara. If she lingered she would be detected in her Ilight, and taken back to the Woodlands. Anything rather than that. So, through the sleet, and rain and wind, she pressed forward to the cottage. She summloned strength to knock at the door,' then her over-wrought nerves gave wsay, and she sank powerless on the thres hold. Heodge and his mother were both astir. They hastened to unlatch tile door. Oh, tile mercies !' cried the old woman, if here isnu't iss Clara a-swounded away. )h, what will this woald come to ? To think as the darter of good, pretty Grace should he turned out of house and home worse nor her mother afore her.' 'IIush, hush, mother ! said Hodge, raising Clara in his strong arms,and placing her in a chair beside the fire, which his mother had just kindled, of peat and wood. 'Chces up, Miss Clara, cheer up. Why, she's perished with the cold !' 'o am cold, IIodge,' said Clara, who had sot actually fainted, but was numbed with fear and horror as much as by the bitter winter air. 'hustle about mother, and make Miss Clara some tea,' said Itodge. The old woman did not require this bid. ding, for she had her little earthenware tea st on tile hearth, and the kettle was begin- I sing to sing whenl Clara knocked at the cot tage door. The poor old soul put into the pot two extraspoonsful of the mixture of dried haw thorn and sloe leaves, so much of which ias es sith the humble classes under the lsame of tea; but it was a poor, tasteless, deeoction at the best. . htill is was warm and Clara felt refreshed by it, though she could not eat a morsel of the cold bacon and coarse brown bread, which was the only relid food lledge and his nother Ihad to offer. And so yer have took a fool's advice, Miss Clara, and rooned away from Woo:llands,' said the lad, when he found the young lady revio:l ; ' but aw didn't think as yor won d lare been so sudden like. Ans the old coman coomed home, or has Master Robert or the ould men showed up the sloven hoof. 'I found it necosssry to leave The Wood. lands at once, Ilodge,' anwored Clara. 'Sure as yoa would, miss, rooner or later, said the old woman ; but it be a main pity as I)ame Watson is away at Liverpool a keeping house for her brother-for yor coe as her lad, Jin,, sent her homno money out of his wages as her cottage was nicer, she could have made you more colmfortabler nor we can, Miss Clara had a good deal better stay here,' sagely remarked Hlodge. ' Dame Watson and Sailor Jinm herson, bloth on 'em tgither could'nt have done any good for Miss Clara just under the nose o' them lying, cheating folkPt tihe Woodlands,' ' That is very true.' said Clara, ' I thank aon, dame, heartily, but I must nos stay icre, for I should only get you into trouble, nd, perhaps, be taken back to T'he Wood ulds by force. I am warms norw and must o at once.' ?To the railway station, miss ! Why, it's a tood two mile froim here. You never can walk there this bitter, dark morning,' said 'I do not think of going there,' answered Clarn. ' Il. MayfIlld'-she could not call Asdrew by the fond name of ' uncle ' any more -' Mr M-aylield, when I am missed, will be tra to send straight there. I am not going to London.' ' Why, whor be be yo going, Miss Clara ?' 'Soumewhehre in tho neighbourhood-a dis lance I can walk this morning--and keep quiet for a day or two till I can venture to London, or to Nurse Watson at Liverpool.' ' LoaL lov'ee, miss, how can 'eo walk ?' said the ltd. 'Do but hark how the wind's a roaritng and the rain a-beating.' 'It tdoa not ma:tter-it e'nnot be i',lpvd,' snid stnClara. 'I cannot stay lher. I'orhatps it is batter for me; for tlmy will make saure Ihare gone off to the st.tion.' 'It's market doy at IIungerford, and old SIb O.trter is ;-going there with a load of hay. Il'll pack you up anuong it, and there's plenty of goodl, quiet inis at ltungerford.' ' But will it be safe, either for IIob or me, that f shoulhl o with himt ?' SWhio's to know anything about hie taking got tlsro ?' sa:d IIodgei ' and as for coneern i" yourself, I lhopets yer doesn't think as there's oung nor old aliongst tle old servants of tie ayfi :lds as would split or let out anythling as'd Ilurt yr.' 'Ildeed, HTodge, Ishould look for trenchlery so moro with cld IIob than with yburself,' an ??eor'td Clera, ' but will he not be at the barn near the hoste to fetch the hay ?' 'No:er sa bit, lisul; it, was all packoel last ni~lht. IIob lhas th cart under tile shed by lis own cottage. so I'll just roon dff and tell hiu to colsn tlils way andi tak'co up.' 'The hosa:lot lad teot off on his errand. \While hie wea gone his mother broiught forth a large grey cloek with at hood to it. She argued tltat not only Ilias capacious gar ment would keop the young lady warm and dry, but Ihat wilth the hood drawn over hlr head, it would sero the purpose of disguise should thOy stert any pason who'knew her after ths day broke. Clara, after arranging that she would send hack tle lo ak by lob, thankfully acceptol the loan of it. 'le'j huly eart csne lumbering up over the -odden ground, and fire minutes nfterwoid., Enualy roIell d among tie truases of hay, Clara ats jogged off en the road to tIungerford. A market sahy it a Cssoutry town presents a scene vhiceh nI soic dosler Catl ialngilles, save these s ho temember the fairs in the environs -say at Camberwell, Wandaworth, or Green wich. 'Mixed up with the real business of market day, in a country town, is a good deal of fun frolic and onjoyment. All the amusement, however, is spoiled by a wet market day, as it is spoiled by a wet fair day. Cakes and comforts, rings and ribbons,are all hidden under the dingycovers of tars paulin, and the women, whio are for the most pact, proprictresses of the stalls, sit moodily upon upturned markeL baskets under the insufficient shelter of soaking gingham umbrellas. Just euch a morning as this it was when C:ara alighted from her humble conveyance in the pretty little town of Hungerford. In a corner of the town most remote from the market place Clara alightel. It was yet only barely light. But among the farm people who had brought their produce to market it was not unlikely that the niece of the great pro prietor of The Woodlands might have been rocognisdl. Old Mob would fain bare refused the silver that Clara forced into his hand, " Poor lamb," he said, "thou art forced out into a bitter bad world, and money will be thy best friend. But keep cop thy heart, daisy : there be One above will call Andrew Mayfield and his wife to a reckoning when least they think on it." With fervent blessings, the old earteor,after receiving back Dame Simpkins' cloak, took leave of Clara, having previously given her a direction to what he called a tidyish inn at the corner of the street. To be continued. 