mwn mrirn in m mb— a—sa infamous plan for the dsstuotion of property. The Daily Telegraph has published the fol lowing, extracted from a mass of eimiliar cor respondence appearing in the Irish World which bears tbe date of the 17ili inst. From Peoria. Illinois, the writer thus advises Irishmen in this country : — ' Any honest, intelligent man knows that Ireltmd has no chance of success in a fight with Euglaud after the manner of what is called honorable warfare — not a ghost of a chance. What, then, are we to do? I say we must fight — fight as best we can ; England won't allow us to arm ourselves and learn the use of arms, and experience has taught us tbat we cannot arm in secret. We cannot fight the British Empire after the manner of ' honorable warfare, with old and rusty muskets, pikes, scythes, &o.; No, these weapons would be useless against breach- loading cannon and rifies. We cannot af ford another '98, or '48, or '67. But against all these odds, and in the face of all these difficulties, I say we must fight. And this nest fight with England, for tiie freedom of Ireland, must, un like all bur former combats, be fought in Eng. land. But notwithstanding reports to the con- tary, I am not a champion of dynamite ex plosions, in London or elsewhere in England, as a mode of warfsre, for the reason that there is to use anoli phrase, ' more fuss than feathers' in this dynamite business. I am opposed to destroying human life, even English human life, where it is not an actual necessity. The oc cupation of Ireland by English forces is a matter of pounds, shillings, and pence, Eng land makes money by her occupation aud government of Ireland. I hold tliait as soon as it becomes unprofitable to lier to occupy and govern Ireland, England will cease to do so. Her supremacy in Ireland is worth to England about £60,000,000 a 3 ear. If Ireland or Irishmen de- stro3 600,000,000 of English property in Eng land ever3' 3ear, it won't 'take very -long to convince ' Englishmen that they are losing more than they are making by holding on to Ireland ; and, as a matter of course, they will only be too anxious to get rid of a bad bargain. Now, this train of reasoning brings me back. to IU3' assertion that we must fight, We must make war, not war on Englishmen or English, women, but war on English; capital, war on English palaces, 011 English warehouses, manu facturing establishments, on English shipping, on her dockyards and ports. Now, the easiest way to do anything is the best way. Mrs. 0'Lear3'8 cow did more damage by kicking ovpr a coal-oil lamp in a stable in Chicago, than did the German army, with all its artillery, to Paris in four months, or more, while they laid siege to it. Therefore I hold that coal-oil, judiciously applied, is a million times more de. structive to property than the ' villainous salt petre.' Nowj for this mode of warfare — we ought to have 500 6ober, brave men, and we ought to have 500,000 dais, for their Bupport and maintenance for one year in the field— 300 of these men to occupy London, 50 for Manchester, 50 for Liverpool, 50 for Bristol, and 50 for Glasgow. Each of these soildera on enteting the respective battlegrounds to secure a room, a furnished oue. To tbat room he ought to couvey a five-gallon cau of coai.oil in his trunk, and a bos of matches. On a stormy night, on signal from tbe officer commanding, 300 fircs should blaze out in different parts of London, and fanned by an equinoctial storm tbey would make a blaze that would be the wonder of the world, Moscow and Chigago would not be a patch to it in grandeur aud ' magnificence. In Ub light we should read the charter of our independence as a nation. Now, as it iB not difficult to get the 500 men, but, as it is very difficult to get the 500,000 dols. for thia expedition, I am in favor of ekirmisbing.. All great battles are preceded by skirmishing. Captain Carey, of tbe North Staffordshire Regiment, an officer whose name was proini. nently before the public in connection with the death in Zululand of the Prince Imperial is dead. Captain Carey was accused at tbe time of having deserted tbe 3'oung Piiuce at tbe critical moment in order to save his own life, but although a semi-official enquiry iuto tbe matter was held, he escaped the ordeal of n court martial through , as it was rumoured, the kind interposition of the Prince's mother, she ex empress of Frances " Captain Carey died suddenly at Kurrachee,it is supposed from disease of the heart, 