DONAL GRANT. Bf GKORQE MACUONALD. Author or Alkc Forbes, Mamoui, &o;„ A®,' CHATTER XXXVIII. The next day was Sunday, and in tlioafle-. noon Donal and Davie were walking in the old avenue togethor. They had been to chureh anil had heard a dull sermon on the most stir ring of reported facts, next to that of then-am-. rection of the Lord Himself— his raising of Lazarus. So dull and unreal was the whole" as- pect of the thing as presented by the preaehiug man, that it was no wonder either that not a word had passed on the subject between them on the way home, or that now Davie should suddenly say : — - " Mr. Grant, how could anybody maltea dead man alive again J" "I don't know, Davie," answered Donal. it A cnew now, l snould very probably be able to do it myself." " It is very hard to believe." "Yes, very hard, if yon do not know any. thing about the person who is said to have doue it to account for 7ns being ablo to do it though nuother could not. But just think of this : if nobody had over neon or heard about death) it would bo just as hard, perhaps harder, to believe that anything could bring about the change. The one seems to us easy to under- stand, just because we are familiar with it : if we had seen the other take place a few times we should see nothing in it too strange, no thing indeed but what was to bo expeotod in certain circumstances and relations of persona and things," ' But that is not enough to prove it ever has taken place." " Assuredly not. We muBt know something in particular about it, else it camiut look likely to us." " Tell me, please, what kind of thing could make it look likely 1" " I will begin a little way off from your question — In all ages mon havo longed to bob God — some in a grand way, others in a poorer fashion. At last, according to the story of the gospel, the time came when the Father of men who did not know him saw it fit to show him self to thom. His son, who was tho only per fect man, took the form that belonged to him — that of a perfect man, for he was tho eter nal son of him in whose imago we mon aro made, and came to them. But tho most of them did not believe he was tho son of God, ho was so unlike what they fanoiod the son of God would ba like. But some, who wcro mors liko God themselves, did think him very like what God must be, though .they were not pleased that he did not mako more show. Now his whole objcot was to make thom know and trust in aud obey his Father, who was everything to him and all beings. But people were so miserable over tbeir dead pooplo that they could hardly think about God, and would hardly believe anything ho said to thom — did not care about liim. They Baid thoy would rise again the last day, but that was so far away, and they were gone such a distanco" tliat they did not care for that. So Jesns wanted to make them know and feel that thoy were alive all the time, and conld not bo far away, nnafnA ffmu warn nil nltvn fa ftin Hail in wlinm wo all lire, that tliey had not lost them though tlioy could not sea thom, for thoy were quite within his roach, as much so as over, and just as safe with and as well looked after by his father and their fathers as they had ovar been in all their lives. It was no doubt a dreadful looking thing to havo tliom put in a hole, and wasto away to duBt, but they were not therefore gone out — thoy were ouly gone in I To help them to know all this ho diu not say much, hut he just called ono or two of them back for a while. Of course Lazarus was goiug to die again, and no doubt did die aain ; hut can you thiulc that tho two sisters who loved him so dearly either lovod liira less or wept over him the next time as they did the first time ho died 1" " No ; I think that would havo been very foolish." " Woll, then, if you think about it, you will see tlmt no one who believes tliat story can escape beiag convicted of tho samo folly ss thoy would tblnk tho two sisters of Lazarus guilty of, if they had cried just as much tha second time as they did tiro first time he died, when they did not know ho was going to ho raised up again, If anyone toils me that It docs not affect them, I would' say you only imagine you believe tho story, you do not really bcliove it; for where Jesus called Lazarus from, there ore your friends, and thoy arc wailing for you ! Now, I ask you, Davie, was it worth while for Josus to do this for ns, the great misory of whoso lifo is that those dear to us die and go away, and who when we ourselves begin to die, oven when wo aro so tired that we are glad to die, are yet Borry to leavo behind ns those whom wo loro — was it, I say, a thing worth doiug, to let us see that they are alivo with God all the time, and can ho produced any moment to our sight wbon he pleases 7 "Suro it was, sir I It' ou'jftl to take away the misery of all dying !" > " Then it is a very natural thing to ho duno and it la a very reasonable thing to thiuk that it was done. If thorn is a God, it was natural that he Bhould care enough for his children to come and lot them see him, and if he cnuni and saw llioni, it was natural he should . lot thera know that ho saw and cared for tlioso ns wo'l whom thoy had lost sight of. The whole thing seems to mo so natural that I can believe it st onoc. True, it implies a whole world, of things of which we know nothing, hut if an/ ono insists pa believing nothing but the things he'hassecn something liko, I must just loavo him to his misery, mid tho mercy of Goil. If tho world had been. so made, that such (iconic could without any troublo believe in the Published by special arraugouiQuU with the author All rights reserved. . . r —Vnr of it. ft wonld not havo been a world ® ,i, .ny man'e living in, not oven thoirs, however well satiefied they might find them- oSves in It for a while » they would Boon be J'u of their own exlstenco j neither would tho Svi that made such a world, and so rovoalcd lUnijclf to such people, bo WOTth believing in. rod alono knowB what lifo is enough for us to live what lifo we Bhall find worth our while 'and be sure ho is laboring to mako it as fall and lovely, and best in beauty, as it is nossible for him to mnko it— only that depends on how much wo mako posslblo by believing he is what ho is, and letting him havo his own blessed way with us. If wo do not trust him, and will not work with him, but are always thwarting him In his endeavors to make ns aiivo then wo must bo miserable ; there is no holp for it. And ns to death, the fact Is we know next to nothing about it. ' Do wo not,' say tho faithless, indignantly, 'Do wo not know the misery of it, the tears, and tho sink ing of the lienrt and tho desolation ?' Yes ) von know thoso ; but thoso are your things, not those of death. About death yon know nothing. God has never told us anything about it but that tho doad nro alive to Him, ahd that ono day they will bo again to us. IVe do not know nnything about it, I repeat ; but tho world beyond tho doors of death must be as homelike a place to thoso that arc in it, ju this world is to those born into it." "I don't liko death," said Davie, after a silence, " I don't want yon to like what you call death, for that is not the thing itself — it is only yonr fancy about it. You ncccd not think about it at all. Tho way to get ready for it is to do what yon have to do." "But I do not want to get ready for it. I don't want to go to it ; and if I prepare for it, I shall have to go to it." " You have to go to it whether yon prepare for it or not. Yon cannot help going to it. You must. But it is so far like this world that, as doing your work at school is the only preparation for college, so tho only way to prepare for tho next world, as wa call it, is to do the things God gives ns to do in this world." "Don't yon fear death, Mr. Grant?" "No, I do not. Why Bhonld I fear any best thing in its time that can come to mo ? Neither will yon, I think, when tho time comes, It is not tho dreadfnl thing it looks." " Why should it look dreadful if it is not dreadful V " That is a very proper question. It looks dreadful, and must look dreadful, to everyone who cannot see the thing that alone makes life itself not dreadful. If you saw a great dark cloak come moving along the road as if It were round somohody, but thero waa nobody inside it at all, you would bo frightened 1" " Indoed I should. It would be awful 1" "It would. But if you saw inside the cloak, and making it come towards you, the mast beautiful loving face you ever saw — of a mas carrying in his arms a little child ; nnd saw the child clinging to him, and looking in his face with nil the love a child's face can show, would you be frightened nt his black cloak ?" "No, for that would he' silly." "There you havo your anBwcr ! Tlio tiling that makea death look so fearful is that we do not see all of it. Those who- see only the black cloak, nnd think it is moving along of itself, may well bo frightened ; but those who see tho face insido tho cloak, would be fools indeed to bo frightened ! Before Jesus came, people lived in great misery about death ; but after be rose again thoso who believed in him usod always to talk of death as falling asleop ; and I daresay the story of Lazorns, though it was not eo very much, after the rising of the Lord himself, had a largo sharo in enabling them to think that way about death." When they went home, Davie, running up to Lady Aretura's room, told her 03 woll as ha could the conversation ho had had with Mr. Grant. " Oh, Arkie !" he said, " to hear him talk you would think Death hadn't a leg to stand upon 1" Arctura smiled ; but it was a smilo through the cloud of unshed tears, for she felt that, lovely as death may be, ono would liko to get the good of this world's things beforo going to tho next. Thero was some thing soemed to come every now and then to tell her that sho would not bo long in this world, and sho did not feel quite willing to go, for of late tho world had grown very beautiful to her. She must get up to morrow, she thought, for elie was losing much precious thne ! Thoro was Davie getting so much she might have too 1 She must learn all that she could before she went 1 CiurTEit XXXIX. It was night on tho Monday beforo Donal again went down into the hidden parts of tho castle, Are'.ura had come to the schoolroom, hut seemed ill able for her work, and Donal would not toll her what ho was doing thore, for fear of making her think of things it was better should drift further away in tho past of her memory. But ho was cortain she would never be quite herself until the daylight entered the chapel, and all the hidden plaocs of the honso wero open to the air of God's World. So ho thought ho would this timo for her sake encounter the powers of darkness in their own hour ; ho would not havo her know; and besides he was desirous of entirely over coming the weakness that rendered it pos hMq for him to bo . ovciy now nnd then afraid, And this timo ho was loss assailed — by the guosts of fears rather than by tho fcare them selves — neither was ho in any way greatly dis turbed. With his new filo ho mndo bettor Work than before, and had eoon finished witting through the top of tho stnplo. Trying jt thon with a poker ho had brought down for ft lever, he broko tho bottom part across, and thero was nothing to hold tho bolt ; with a little creaking noiao of rusty hinges tho door Bjowly opened to his steady pull ou tho lock He threw tho light of his c&ndlo; into tho space unclosed ; thero was nothing as it ap peared but a closo screen or wail of plank, w ucn ho gave it a push, however, it yielded ; I, "J?" cloBe fitting, and without any fastening, ft disclosed a small hanging olosct or press — on tho opposite aide of which was nnothor door. This ho couid not nt onco open, n '10wvcr, it waa scoured with merely a email common look, such as is on any cup. CcBrd, and it cost Iiira littlo trouble to forco it. fho door opened outwards ; ho looked in, and aw a littlo room of about nine feot by seven, vesting a hasty glanae : around, ho entered, snore was in it nothing but an old fashioned secretary or bureau, ;not so old, it struok 1dm " onQei as that he hod seen in Morvon Houso in tho town, and a neat like a low mueio stool before it. " It may have been a vestry for tho priest," thought Donal, "but it must have been used muoh later than the -ohapel, for this desk is not older than tho ono at tho Mains, and I once heard Mistress Jean say that was made for her grandmother." How did it first got into the little place ? He looked all round ; the walls were continuous ; there was not, there could not he another door. Above tho bureau was a little window In one — or it soemod to be a window, but it was so overgrown with dirt that lie could not certainly toll whether it waa more than tho blind show of an eye with a wall behind it ; but door cer tainly there was not. It might get through tho oak door behind, but it could not, ho thought, have reached that through any of the passages ho had come through ; and if there had boon any wider approach in that direction surely it had boon built up long beforo this piece of furniture was mado. If his observa tions and reasonings wore correct, it followod that there must, and that not so very long ago, havo keen another entranco to tho place in which he stood. There might ho something in tho bureau to reveal how it had corns there, or at least to show about what timo it had been left there. He turned to look at the way he had him self cntored ; it was through a common look ing press of painted deal, that fillod up the end of the little room, which there narrowed to about fiyo feet. \Vhon tho door in the back of it was shut, it looked merely the hack of the press. He turned again to the bureau. There was a strange feeling nt liis heart. But he never thought whether or not lie had a right to look into it : ho felt himsclC all tho time acting merely and only in the service of Lady Arc tura. Besides why should he imagino any body's secret thero ? Nobody alive, ho would liavo said to himself, had tho question come to him, could know of this chamber. The bureau stood opon — that is, with the cover down, and on it lay writing papor, some of it on largo shoots, Borne of quite modem aspect and eizo, but all stained with dust and ago and blots. A pen lay with thcin, and besido was a glues ink-bottle of the commonest typo, in which the ink had dried into cakes and flakes. He took up one of the sheets with a great stain on it. Why did he look at it so ? The bottle must have been overturned. But was it ink ? No ; it could not be. It stood up too thick on the paper. With a gruesome shiver Donal wetted his finger, and tried the Burfaco of It : a little came off, and looked of a faint, suspicious brown. What was written on the paper ? He held tho fadod lines oloao to the candle, and tried to decipher them, It was not difficult. He sat down on the Btool, and read thus — his reading broken by the Bpot which had for the present obliterated a part of the writing : there was no date i " My husband for such I will — blot — aro in the sight of God— Hot — men why aro you so cruel what — blot — deserve these terrors — blot — in thought have I — blot — hard upon me to think of another." Here the writing oimo below the blot, and went on unbroken. " My littlo one is gono and I am left lonely, oh eo lonelv. I cannot hut think that if you had loved me as you once did I should yet he clasping my little one to my bosom, and you would have a daughter to comfort you after I am gone. I feel sum I cannot long survive this— ah thero my hand has burst out bleeding again ; but do not think I mind it— I know it was only an accl- dent. You never meant to do it, though you teased me by refusing to say so — besides it is nothing. You might draw every drop of blood from my body and I would not care, if only yon would not make my heart bleed so. Oh it has gone all over my paper, and yon will think I havo done it to let you see how it bleeds — hut I cannot write it ml over again — it is too great a labor and too painful to writo, so you must see it just as it is. But I dare not think where my baby isj for if I should he doomed never to Bee her becauso of the love I have boms to you and consented to bo as you wished, if I am cast out from ray God because I loved you more than him. I shall never see you again for to be where I could see you would never bo punishment enough for my sins." Horo tho writing stopped abruptly ; the ' bleeding of the hand had probably brought it to a close, and it had never been folded up and never sent, but, lying thoro had Iain there. He looked if ho conld anywhere find a date ; thore was none npon the shoot ho had read. He held it up to the light, and saw a paper mark ; and closo by lay another shoot with merely a date, in the same handwriting, as if the writer had been about to commence ano ther in lieu perhaps of tho letter spoiled. He laid the papers thoughtfully down ; liow strange. An old withered grief looks almost as pathotic as an old withered joy. But who was to say thoy were withered ? The sarno who look "upon death as an evil, yet regard It as thu healer of sorrows. Who can toll how loug a grief may last unwitliered ? " Surely," thought Donal, " till tho lifo heals it. He is a coward who would Idso his sorrow by the more lapse of time, tho mere forgetting of a brain growing musty with old ago. It la God alone who eon heal— the God of tlio dead and of the living 1 and tho dead must fiud him, or bo miserable for evermore !" Ho took a packet of papers from a plgoon- holc of the desk, and undid tho string round them ; they were but bills, biit they had plenty of dates. Ho had not a doubt loft that tho lettor he had partly read was in tho writing of tho late wife of the present earl — wifo as she had beon considered, wife as, Donal was sure sho waa to be called only by tlio world's cour tesy and God's truth, not by tlio world's law. Wluit was ho to do now ? He had thought he was looking into matters much older — things over which the permission of Lady Arctura, by right extended, was enough, but now lie knew differently. Still, tho things he bad discovered were only such as sho had a right to know ; though whothcr ho was to tell her at onco ho would not yet mako up his mind. Ho put the papers back, took up his candle, and with a feeling of liolploss dismay, such as had never before oppressod him, ar.d' which destroyed all sense of fear as ho went, withdrew to his own chamber, mien he readied tho door of it, yielding' to a euddou impulse, he turned away, went further up tho stair, and but upon thereof. It was a frosty night, with all tho stars brilliant overhead. Ho looked up and Baid, "Oh Saviour of men 1 thy houso is vaulted with light j thy secret places nro Bocrot from excoss of light ; in thee is , no darkness at all ; thou has not thy tcrriblo crypts and dark bidden places ; thy light is the awful terror of those who lovo tho darkness because their deeds are evil 1 Be my lifo ; fill my heart with thy light, that I may never hunger or thirst after anything but thy will ; that I may walk in tho light, and from me light and not dark ness may go forth." As he turned to leave the roof there came a faint chord from the tcolian harp. " It sings, brooding over the very nest of evil deeds ! lie thought. " Tho light eternal with tlio keen arrows of a radiant victory will yet at last rout from tho souls of liis creatures the demons that haunt them, But if there be demons, what if the Bonis turn themselves to demons 7 \VTiat then is a demon? Aro the demons victorious over God, and beyond his power ? If they be beyond God, how do they live ? By their own power ? Then are they God'e ? If not, they live by God's power, and aro not beyond him. If they can nevor be brought back, tben tho life of God, the all pure, goes out to keep alive, in and for oril, that which is essentially bad— for that which is irredeem able is essentially bad." Thus reasoned Donal with himself, and liis reasoning, instoad of troubling liis faith, caused him to oling tlio more to the only One, the sole hope and saviour of the hearts of his men and women, without whom the whole universe wsb but a eharnel house in wliioh the ghosts of tho dead wont abont crying over tho irromedi&blo; sorrows of the lifo that was gone from them. Where else wore they to look for the setting right of the things that were wrong ? Ho tnrned and stood looking over the cold sea. And ns he gazed, a chill ware of some thing like doubt camo rolling over birn. He know that presently ho would strike out and tuu vv wiu iivp ut u uuu omul, uu> m uiu meantime it was tumbling him about at its ugly will. He stood and gazed motionless, with a dull senso that be was waiting for bis will to awake. But suddenly thero was the consciousness that ho and his will were one ; that he had not to wait for his will to wake, but had himself to wake, namely, to will, and do, and to he. And with that he Baid to him self again, it is neither time nor eternity, nor human consolation, nor everlasting sleep, nor the satisfied judgment, that is the oure for all things ; it is the heart, tho will, tlio being of the Father ; whilo that remains, can the irre mediable, the Irredeemable exist? If there arose a grief in the heart of one of his crea tures not otherwise to be destroyed, he would take it into himself, and thore oonsutno it iu his own creativo fire — himself hearing ths grief, oarrying the pain of tho Borrow. For did not Christ die ; and would he not dio again rather than leave room for ono irremediable loss in tho realms of liis lovo — that is of Ills creation? "Blessed ore they who have not Been and yet havo believed 1" Over his head the sky was full of shining worlds, most of them doubtless only In process of making — to be mansions in the Father's house at last ; and he thought, as he was often glad to think, that instead of our being at tho end of things, where they are ail growing old and drawing near ta their final rest, we are bnt in tho beginnings and on the threshold of creation ; that our Father is as young as evor ho was, a God who, while he iB tho ancient of days, can yot never grow old ; and that he who has filled the dull uubolioviug nations with food and gladnoas, has a splendor of delight ever preparing for the souls which as constantly as he is creating as constantly is he educating and enlarging to the receiving and holding of his mighty ever-growing joy, Ciiamkh XL. ' When aro you going down again to the chapel, Mr. Grant ?" said Lady Arctura, the noxt day after sohool. Sho was bolter, and had come again to lessons. " I want to go this evening — by myself, if yon don't mind, my lady," he answered. " I want to find out all I can abont it ; bat I can't holp thinking it would be better for you not to go down again till you are ready to order everything to be cleared away between it and the open world. Yon can't stand the damp and bad air of the place. If I wero you, I would just have it done, and say nothing till it was dona" " I think it was ratlior the want of sleep that made mo ill," she answered; "but you con do just as you please. You have as great a respect for wliat iB old as I havo myself, and I am not afraid of anything you will do." " I thank you for your confidence, my lady," returned Donal. " I do not think you will repent it." " I know I shall not." So again nt night Donal went down— this time chiefly intent on learning whether there was any other way opon out of it, and on verifying its position in tho castle, of whioh he had now a pretty good idea. Ho went first to tho end of tho passage parallel with the length of the chapel and, tnrning round tho west end of it, thero examined the signs ho had beforo observed. Yes ! euro enough those must bo tho outer ends of two of the steps of the great staircase, coming through and resting on tho wall. That end of tho chapel thon was close to tho great spiral stair, l'lainly too a door had becu thoro built up in the process of constructing the stair. Tho chapel had not boon entered from that level at least since the building of tho great stair. Before that, there had probably been an out side stair to this door, in an open court ; and If the chapel was rendered inaccessible before the spiral stair was bailt, one of the means was probably tho removing of tho said staia Finding no other suggested direction for inquiry, ho was on his way out, and already near the top of the stair in the wall, thinking within himself that inthomornlnghewouldtakc fsresh observations outside, when up from be hind, overtaking him as if scut after him from tho regions ho had loft, came a blast of air, and blow out bis candle. Hesluvered — not with the cold of it, though it breathed of underground damp and doubtful growths, but from a feeling of its unknown origin, and tho thought whothcr it might not havo como after him to make him go down again. Anyhow it seemed to indicate somo opening to the ontcr air whioh lie had not discovered. Ho made hasto to light his candle, turned and again desconded, carefully guarding It with one hand, and think ing as ho wont that, gruesome as that cold sigh seemed, ooming as from a shut-up dopth with which the world of light hod nothing to do, its torror might bo but the messenger, tho out ward and visible sign, — nay, even tho offspring of something at hand to destroy fear and give rest. It might be liko tho dread men havo of God, their only .saviour and perfect deliverer. When ho says,- " Where art thou 7" the man that does not. know him takes the voice for tho voioe of his' doom, when it is the word of him who comes to draw him out of the .pit where he lies waiting for death. . But might not the wind havo been a draught down the Bhaft in which were stretched the music ohords ? No, for in that case thoy would have goosed somo light-winged messenger with it. It must come from lower a' least than that, indicating some gap he had failed to find. If It would but come again when he was below 1 He crossed the little gallery, descended, and went into tho chapel : it lay as still as a tomb ; bnt because it was a tomb no more lie felt as if it were deserted — as if some life had gone out of it He looked all round it, searching closely tho wallB where he could reach, and staring as high as the light would show, hut could perceive no sign of possible entrance for tho messenger blast. But just as he was leaving it the wind came again — plainly along tho littlo passage he hod loft but a fow minutes ago. It kept blowing when he turned into it, and now he tlionglit it oame upwards. As he stooped to examine the lower parts of tho passage, his light was again blown out, and therewith ho waB surprised to find how much he had got over the terrors of the place. Anything in the least unexpected might at onco call them back, but in tho moantiine he had ceased almost to think of them. Having once more relighted his candle, he searched along the floor, nnd the adjacent parts of tho walls, and presently found, close to tho floor, in tho in ner wall, that is tho wall of the chapel itself, an opening that seemed to go downwards through it. But if that was its direction why had lie not seen it inside tho chapel? He then thinking recalled that, although from the landing-place of tho stair there was a Btcp down into tho chape), thore were three or four uown vo ine passage, ana concluded tnereiore that this opening went down under the floor of the chapel, probably into a crypt, where not unlikely lay yet more dust of the dead : if there was hero a way into that, he might he nearer a way out. The opening Bliowed only a mere narrow slit, but there might be more of it under the floor ; and among the slabs with wbich it was paved was one that went all tho length of the 6lit. Ha would try to raise this ono. That would want a crow bar. He would get one at once. Having got so far, he conld not rest till he knew more. It must be very late. Would the people in tho castle bo in bed yet? He conld not tell; he had left his watch in his room. It might bo midnight, and here he was, burrowing, like a mole about the roots of the old house, or like an evil thing lu tire heart of man. He crept up again and out by his own turret stair, and so to the tool-house, which he found locked. But lying near was a half-worn shovel, which lis thought might do : he would have a try with it. So, like one in a terrible dream of ancient ruins he is doomed to haunt, creeping through all sorts of mouldy nnd low-browed places, he went once more into the entrails of the house, and down to the placo of its darkness. There, endeavoring to insert the sharp edge of the worn shovel in the gap between the stone be wanted to raise and one next it, he succoeded even more readily than he had dared hope. Ho soon lifted it, dis closing the slope as of tho bottom of a small window down into a place below. How deep the placo might be, nnd whether it would be possible to get out of it again, be must try to discover before venturing down. There could be small risk of setting such a placo on fire ; he took a letter from his pocket, and lighting it, threw it in. It fell and burned on some- thing'that looked like a small flat gravestone, with a skeleton oarved upon it. The desoent was littlo more than about 7 feot, into wlint looked like a cellar. He hesitated no longer, but, blowing hi3 caudle out, and putting it into his pocket lest he - should lose It, got into the opening, slid down the slope, and all In tho dark, dropped — with no farther hart than grazing his noso on tho wall as he descended. He then relighted his candle, and looked about him. Thero was the flat stono, about big enough for a child's grave, but with nothing Tike a skeleton upon it .- it did look like a gravestone, but there was not even an inscription npon it. It lay in a vaulted plaoo. unpaved, with a floor of hard- bcaton oiirth, Searching about tho walls he soon caught sight of what looked like tho top of on arch rising from tho floor in one of them, as near as ho eould judge, just under the built-up door in tho passage above. There was room enough to creep through. He crept, and found him self under the first round of the groat spiral- stair. On tho floor of the small enclosed spaco at the bottom of its well was a dust-pan and a house-maid's brush— and there was the tiny door at which they were slioved in, after their morning's use upon tho stair. Through that he crept next: bo was in the great hail of the house, from which tho stair ascended. Afraid of being by any chance discovered, he put out his light, and proceeded up the stair In the dark. He had gone but a tew steps when he heard tho sound of descending feet He listened and listened: they turned into the room on tho stair. As ho crept past it, ho heard sounds which satisfied him that the earl was in the littlo clo3et behind It. Everything now came together in his mind: he hurried up to Lady Aretura's lato sitting room : thence descended, for the third time that night, to the old oak .door, and entered the littlo chamber, and hastening to the further end, laid his ear against the wall. Plainly enough he heard sounds — such sounds as ho had beforo heard from the mouth of the dream walking rather than sloop walking earl. Ho was moaning, and calling in a low voice of entreaty after someone whoso name never grew audible to tho listener on the other side of the wall. " Ah 1" thought Donal, " who would find it hard to believe in roaming aud haunting ghosts, who had onco seen this poor man going about the house like Lady Macbeth, poasessod by the seven demons of his own evil and cruel deeds, and without hope of relief in heaven — only in tho grave, nor much in that 1 — How easily I could punish him now with a light ning blast of hellish torror !" It was but a thought ; It did cot oven amount to a tempta tion, for Donal know he had no right. Ven geance belongs to the Lord, who alone knows what nse to mako bf it. I do' not myself believe that mere punish ment exists anywhere in the economy of the highest. I think mere punishment a human idea, not a divine ono. But the consuming fire is more terrible to tho ovildoer than any Idea of pupishmcnt invented by the most riotous of human imaginations. Punishment it is, though n&t; mere punishment, which is a thing not of creation but of destruction : it is a power ol God and for his creature. As love is God's being and a creative energy in one, so the pains of God are to tho recreating: of the things his love has made and sin has unmade. ' 'Ire heard the lean ho&dsof; the earl,' at tho ends of bis long arms, go swooping slowly oven the wall : ho had seen the thing, else he would not havo reoognisod the sounds ; and hs heard him muttering still, hut much too low for hint to distinguish the words ; by this timo Dona! was bo convinced that he had to da with a right dangerous and unprincipled man, that hs would have had littlo scruple iu listening if ha could have heard every word, and letting what knowledge of him come that might come. It is ouly Righteousness that has a right to secrecy, aud does not want it ; Evil has no right to secrecy, alono intensely desires It. and rages at being follod far it ; for, when f ta deeds come to the light, eveuEvilhoa righteous ness enough toft to be ashamod of some of them. But he could not remain thore longer, he folt so sick of the whole thing, and turned away at length hastily. But forgetting the one seat, and carrying his light too much in front of him to see it, ke came against it and knocked it over, not without noise. A Ion A cry from the other aide of the wall told the dismay he had caused. It was followed by a stillness, and then a moaning. As soon as he wa3 out, and had replaced the obstructions of the entrance, he went to find Simmons, and sent him to look alter lifa master. Hearing nothing afterwards of tho affair, ho did not doubt that the victim of his awkwardness put the whole thing down, if indeed he know anything of It tho next day, to the mingling of imagination with fact ia the manner lie was so accustomed to, dis abling him by its versimilitnde from dis tinguishing between the one and tho other, o« caring to do so. 