Turf Talk. By Nziuo. On Thursday and Saturday next we are to have a firat class meeting at the Hawkesbuiy, when large fields and capital racing will reward those who may patronise the club. Excursion trains will leave at convenient hours and a special, first-class carriages only, fare 12s. , will be despatched at Portly after 11 o'clock, and will arrive in time for the first race, ' The Guineas ' will be the attraction on the first day, and a great race may be expected between Narina, Aberfoyle, Kingsdale, and one or two others, for Warwick and Martini-Henri are pretty well sure to be leservea ior more important; engagements-^ aniuie uu the prospects of the equine candidates will be found in. another column, as will also the entries for the different races and the weights for the handicaps. Though the threatening aspect of the weather tended to interfere with .the attendance at the Tattersall's Meeting on Saturday last, the reunion was thoroughly enjoyable. War Eagle won the Hurdle Race all the way in a canter, and First Try quite belied his work by finishing amongst the last lot. and if he cannot do better than that he is nnworthy to hold a place in a first-class stable. Perhaps he would run more np to his private form if allowed to go to the front and fight it out there. Claudius, who is said ti have been purchased out ot a baker's cart at Maitlanl, lowered the colours of the favourite in the Tramway Handicap. One lucky backcr won a thousand from tlw ' Leviathian,' and there said to have been great rejoicing and no end ef champagne at the ' settling.' The fact of King's Own having cut down his field in such mesterly style in Two-Yfar-Old Stakes shows that he is one of the best colts in the.country, and if he does not get too much of it before the Y. R. C. Spring meeting, his owner will stand a good chance of securing the Maribyrnong Plate. Belvidere's victory in the Loftus Handicap was a great surprise to every one, including bis owner »nH trainer, and be ia evi dently one of the many horses that like to be taken (o the front early in a race. Mr. James Perry, the secretary, waa as bupy es a bee ; bnt it is to be regretted that he was not Informed in time to hear the disgraceful wordy war that took place in the saddling paddock between a conple of 'rats of the ring,' for had he been present I have no doubt but that the role referring to disqualification would have been enforced. Some mean fellow paid the jockeys' room a visit, and his presence cost Hales a pair of boots, Ellis a bat, and Colley eome loose change. It appears that we were in error in stating that Mr. Reynolds had purchased some blood mares at the late sale ef Mr. Stulley's stud in Queensland, and that the Hon. John Eales was the purchaser of the mares mentioned, viz., Frivolity, Ophelia, Lady Lilliard, and Audacity. Creswick, who will in future be trained by Joe Morrison has arrived safely at his new quarters. We have seen the last of Obadiah, but Chrysolis is likely to recover from the effects of the inj dries received in the late Grand National Steeplechase. That the recently formed Liverpool Jockey Club is in ex perienced hands, is shown by the excellent programme which appears in another column. The date selected is Saturday, the 22nd December, and on the first of that month nominations, enclosing 1 sov.j must reach the secretary, Mr. W. G. Denshire, or the secretary of the A. J. C. for the following interesting items Cumberland Handicap, of 75 sovs., with a sweep of 2 eovs. from starters, G furlongs ; Public Auction Stakes, of 100 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. for starters, winners to be sold for £200, surplus if any to be equally divided between the club and the owner of the winner, selling allowances, one mile ; Liverpool Jockey Club Handicap of 120 sovs., with a sweep of 5 sovs. from starters, 1| mile; Fairfield Handicap of 100 eovs., presented bv Mr. A. F. Smart, of Mona, Darling Point, with a sweep of 5 bo vs. for starters to go to the second horse, nomination 1 bo v., no entrance fee, five furlongs ; Ladies' Bracelet, a welter handicap, value 50 sovs, amateur riders, professionals to carry 71b. extra, a mile and a furlong ; and the Woodlands Selling Race, for two and three year olds, of 75 sove., with a sweep of 2 sovs. to go to the sccond horse, selling conditions, six furlongs. Ion has been scratched for the A. J. C. Steeplechase; and Hypatia for the Great Metropolitan Stakes aud the Hawkesbuiy Grand Handicap. The settling over the late Tattersall's meeting took place on Monday at Tattersall's, when the chair was occupi&d; by Mr. J. b. Oliffe, and the following prizes were paid over : — Mr. T. L. Baker, £140; Mr. H. Herbert, £121; Mr. W. Archer, £118; Mr. J. Mayo, £106; Mr. T. Brown, £10; Mr. C. Roberts, £15 ; Mr. J. Monaghan, £7 10s. ; Mr. G. Matthews and son, £7 10a. Mr. T. L. Baker, the owner of King's Own, winner of the Two-year-old Stakes, ordered a case of champagne, and his health was proposed by the chairman and suitably responded to. Yately received a good deal oi support for the Hawkesbuiy Grand Handicap, and 100 to 20 was the beet price offered against him ; while Cunnaniulla advanced to 100 to 14, and 100 to 10 was freely offered against any of the others. An Adelaide commis sioner has backed Archie for nearly £4000 for the V. R. C. Derby, snd the colt is now a firm favourite for that race at 4 to 1 , ? and his stable companion has receded in conse quent e. In cowrquence of the Hawkesbury Race Club Committee having n centlv passed a resolution demanding a registra tion fee tf eix' guineas from all bookmakers plying their vocation in the saddling paddock at the ensuing meeting, contiderublc excitement has been occasioned in sporting circles. At a meeting of livers of the odds it was threat ened that, unless the club withdrew its demand, they would subscribe a sufficient sum to provide for a day's racing at Kandwick on the same tfay aB the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap is to be run. It is proposed to give 500 sovs. for a handicap, and if the course can be obtained on the day mentioned— which is a matter of doubt — the A. J. C. handic&pper; will be requested to appor tion the weights. The pioposed meeting would there fore be in direct opposition to the Hawkesbuiy reunion, but it is questionable if it can carried out, for the A. J. C. vould hardly be likely to let the course for such a purpose. After his gallop on Tuesday morning, Yately became atill firmer in the market for the Hawkesbury Handi cap, and in the evening it was difficult to obtain more «t»an 5 to 1 to money. The horse would seem to be surrounded by more than a fair share of mystery, it is not known who has accorded him the sup port which has caused him to be such a great favourite, fiiany conflicting rumours have been in circulation as to his ownership, and Mr. T. S. Clibborn, the secretary of the Australian Jockey Club, has requested us to state that there is not any foundation for the report that the horse is his property. Another well-known supporter of the turf has tilun been taxed with being the proprietor of the Bon of Warlike, but he has assured our representative that such is not the case, so that the question remains unsolved as far as the public are concerned. We learn by telegram that the following scratchings for the V. A. T. C. Meeting have been made: — Balaclava Stakes — Stationer, Wizard. Hurdle Race — Buzza. Steeple chase— Fusilier, Blue Jacket, Hope. Challenge Cup— Erin. For the Hurdle Race : Miller, Game, Lady Hampden. For the Steeplechase : Squire, Glenora. For the Selling Race : Egerton. For the Balaclava Stakes : Egerton, Madge, King Charles. Maid of the Hills and Chrysophrase have been scratched for all their Hawkesbuiy and A. J. C. Spring engagements. We learn by telegraph from our Richmond correspondent that Avalanche was scratched at 11.30 a.m. on Wednesday for the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, and Belle Brandon for the Hurdles. We have been advised by the secretary of the Wollon gong Turf Club that the meeting has been postponed from the 17th and 18th of October until the 24th and 25th. It is stated that the postponement iB rendered necessary in order that the new grand stand may completed. Wollon gong has always been a favourite meeting ; but, unfortu nately, the dates have clashod so nearly to those of Caulfield that many who would gladly visit the beautiful coast town have been unable to do so. The postponement has made the matter worse than ever, and the fact is to be regretted. The Hawkesbury Hotel Races are to take place on the Encampment Ground to-day. On Tuesday next nominations are to close for the Bathurst and the Wagga handicaps, and long lists of entries are expected. The Narrabri handicaps arc to close to-day; and the general entry for the Northern Jockey Club Meeting ia to take place on the 28th of this month. Ash worth, who so ably stopped King's Own on Saturday last, after the horse had been frightened out of his wits by those who foolishly attempted to catch him, deserves credit for the judgment and presence of mind he displayed. Owners and trainers should not forget that acceptances for the Hawkesbuiy Grand Handicap will fall due on Tuesday xiext. Mr. John Tait, who has been seriously ill, is rapidly im proving, and his friends will soon have the pleasure of see eg him about again. Mr. Thomas Ivory, who has been connected with the turf -for nearly a quarter of a century, is suffering severely from an affection of theeyee. No less than 337 horses left Melbourne by the Glen ?morgan for India last week, and as they have the strains of Panic, John Bull, Confusion, and other notable sires in their ▼ems they should realise high figures. From Mr. C. S. Guest, the hardworking secretary of the BfS|? Club» we leam that the right to the ?outer booths, staUs, and racebooks realised £120 5s., and items m excc8S °* Price obtained for last year's Jockeys who may feel disposed to abscond from their employers without due notice would do well to look before . they leap. Quite recently it was ascertained that the jockey, William Greenhalgh, who had been disqualified by the Hawkesbuiy committee for abscond ing from Mr. J. Cook before the expiration of his appren ticeship, had been taken by some Victorian trainer to India. Mr. Guest at once wrote to the secretary of the Calcutta Turf Club, informing him of the boy's disqualifi cation, and inquiring if he knew his whereabouts. A mnlir was received to the effect that the lad w^&mtl;^f a Mr. Apew- of Bungalore, and that the Calcutta committee had suspended him from tiding at any meeting held under their rules, but gave Mr. A pear permission to retain his services for ndrng his hones at exercise until such time as a reply coidd be received from Mr. Cook 1 3 Mr. Apear's widi to be allowed to retain the bov until Febrnary next, when he would have him sent back to Australia. In the event of Mr. Cook's refusal the Calcutta authorities will endorse the disqualification at once. Mr. Cook has given us to understand that he has refused to release Greenhalsh, who will now run the risk of being cast adrift in a 6trans;e country. ° Thanks to the untiring exertions of the sxretarv, assisted by Mr. Hopkins, the diffarcnt training tracks at the Hawkesbury are m excellent condition, and about 20 horses can be teen each morning at their studies. A fine clear morning enticed trainers out rather early, on Tuesday, and Keys Bent Balmoral, Lord of the Lake, and his others shortly after daylight. Later on, Albury cantered on tbesand track; and he is coming on well. Nearly all the work waB done on the course proper, and the first sound gallop was performed by Hawthornden, who rattled along for about a mile and a-half in rare style. Crowned Head did serviceable work, and Narina and Palarenda cantered. Martini Henri appeared to have the best of Segenhoe at the end of a solid mile and a-half, and Aberfoyle went the same distance alono in good form. Sardonyx was treated to nice useful work, and he will be very fit fjr the Hawkesbury. Yately and Sweet William ran three quaiters of a mile at a strong pace, and were then joined by the New Zealander Sir Modred and another, six fur longs were rattled over iu a very satisfactory manner. Gloucester ran a pretty fast mile and a-half, and so did Morpeth and Despot, and the latter would be benefited by a little rattling along, for he is just the sort of horse that needs a lot of severe work. Boscawen and Wallangra did a fast once round, and so did Albert Victor and Tinderbox. Le Grand and Norman spun along for a mile and a-half, the former showing lots of pace; but he tired a little towards the end, and had it been a battle the sou of Yat tendon could have beaten hint. Stockdale and Cunnamulla cantered, and then settled down to go a mile 'and a-half. Cunnamulla, who had a little fellDw in the saddle, refused to race for him, and allowed his companion to lead him for the last half-mile. Pell Mell and the others of Brown's team did steady work ; and so did Lamond's and Fennelly's two-year- olds. The Slave did a nice even gallop alone ; and First Demon, after disposing of Bristol, who accom panied him for half a mile, picked up Manfred and failed to live with the chestnut over the last six furlongs. Claudius, Honeydew, Phyllis, Silver Arrow, and a lot of others were sent steady work ; and about the last to go were Kingsdale, Rosinante, and Envy, who ran a pretty fast mile, ending in favour of the former. A fine, cleat morning attracted a largo attendance to ltand wick at early morn on 1 hursday. Master Avenel cantered, and Monaghsn's two-year-olds put in their usual work, and so did Grandmaster, who did a long, steady canter. Brisbane showed to advantage in a Bhort spin with Favo. Sardonyx and Norman ran a capital mile and a-hall ; and Cygnet did strong work. The Hon. James White's team came from the stand side of the course, and Bargo, Sujerba, and lolanthe ran a fast three furlongs. Blue and White and Kaipara cantered ; and later on Segenhoe appeared to run rings round Martini- Henry over a very good mile and a-half, but the colt may have had a deal the worst of the weights. Despot, Gloucester, and Morpeth went a long canter, with a brush home. Starting with Roslyn, and [finishing with Sir Modred, Yately ran the fastest once round that has been done this season. Cunnamulla and Pell Mell were to have done a fast mile, but the latter cut up rough, and would not exert himself, despite Colley's efforts. Stockdale did a nice useful gallop alone, and Garfield, ^Lord Exeter, and Parapluie ran home emaruy after cantering. Wallangra, Boscawen, and Kings worth went about once round at their best, and the former went particularly well. Hawthornden rattled along once round alone at a great pace ; and Sweet William and Silver Arrow ran a mile, and a-half, in favour of the former. Honeydew and Rosebud went strong work, and Claudius aleo shaped well. Wiileroo had a deal more to say than Boniface at the end of a good mile and a-quarter, and both are coming on well. Narina and Palarenda ran a fast six furlongs, and the rest of Lamond's lot did average work. A lot of others worked, and Balmoral was out shortly atter daylight, and did a great gallop. Zero and Lord of the Lake also went easily and well. « Paul has again changed hands, and is now the property of Mr. J. Leek, who recently purchased the well-bred, and grand-looking Illusion. The injuries recently received by die South Australian flyer Bis Bis arc of such a serious nature that it is doubtful if she will ever carry silk again. Sang Froid dropped deed recently at Charters Towers. The Hawk, whose fall at Adelaide caused the death of M'Sorlay, has since died from the effect of the injuries he sustained. The 'touting fraternity' will soon lose a large slice of their occupation, if it be true that the Hon. James White is having a private training track formed at his farm, Kirk ham, near Camden. It will of course be better for the owner, trainer, and the horses ; but the public will miss their usual budget of news concerning the always dangerous beareis of the popular 'blue and white,' aud as a conse quence ' long shots ' will be few and far between. Mr. Haydon, the secretary of the Victoria Club, has had his salary increased to £300 a year, audit is not a cent more than he deserves. The following gentlemen will hold office for the V. R. C. for the ensuing year: — Chairman, Mr. C. B. Fisher; treasurer, Mr. J. Walker; starter, Mr. G. Watson: judge, Mr. J. Johnston; handicapper, Mr. E. T. Barnard; BtewardB, Messrs. C. B. Fisher, M, O'bhanassv, J). s. Wallace, R. Power, and R. Goldsbrough. The following weights have been declared for the Hawkesbury Hotel Races:— Flying Handicap: Gillimbah, Sst. 71b. ; Larrikin, fist. 3lb. ; Transformation, 8st. ; Nellie, 7et. 101b. ; Mulgrave, 7st. 4lb. ; Durt, 6st. 41b. Hawkes bury Hotel Handicap : Lucien, Sst. 71b. ; Gillimbah, 8st. 31b. ; Parole, Est. ; Hopbine, 7st. 101b. ; Black Tracker, 7st. 51b.; Mulgrave, 7st. 21b.; Lady Evelin, 6st. 71b. Hack Race : Six entries. Selling Stakes : Four entries. The second day of the Adelaide Racing Club Steeple chase Meeting gave the following results Selling Hurdle Race, 2 miles : Mr. R. Griffiths' Charcoal, 9st. 121b., 1 ; Mr. J. Winterbottom's Lady Melissa, lOst. 31b., 2 ; Mr. D. O'Dea's Dutchman, 9st. 51b., 3 ; time, 4.8. Royal Handi cap, 1J mile: Mr. W. Mortlock's Prince Patrick, 7st. 91b., 1; Mr. W.C rozier's Luna, 6Et. 111b., 2; Mr. T. Cowan's Shylock, 7st. 31b., 3 ; time, 2.18§. Grand National Steeple chase, 4 miles : Mr. G. Read's Taxaraxacum, lOst. 12lb., 1 : Mr. N. Stirling's Collingwood, 12st. 101b„ 2; Mr. R. Griffiths' Vampire, 9st. 121b.; time, 10.2£. Corinthian Flat Race, 1| mile : Mr. C. Bowman's Leap Year, lOst. 121b., 1 ; Mr. C. Dyobe's Roscommon, list. 91b., 2 ; Mr. N. Stirling's Gawler, lOst. 101b., 3; time, 3.25. The Flutter, 1-mile: Mr. C. M'Donald's Footstep, 9st. 31b.. 1 ; Mr. W. Crozier's Luna, 7st. 71b. 2; Mr. K. Griffiths' Virtue, 7st. 71b. ; time, 50 seconds. Appended are the verdicts returned al Townsfille (Queensland) Races Maiden Plate, 1| mile: Mr. C. Holme's Malvern, 1 ; Mr. T. Moody's Express 2* Mr! A. M'Lennan's Emerylite, 3. Flying Handicap, 6 fur longs : Mr. T. Moody's Hippy, 8st. 71b., 1 ; Mr. J. Finnie's Goldfinder, 9st. 21b., 2 ; Mr. F. Sach's Inverary, 3. Hurdle Race, 1J mile: Mr. J. Nolan's The Buck, lOst. 7lb.. 1 ? Mr. C. Holmes's Speculation, lOst. 71b., 2; Mr. h! M'Lennan's Taruru, 9st. 71b., 3. Town Plate, l|mile: Mr! J. Finnie's Medusa, by Kelpie from Modesty, 7st. 12lb., 1 : Mr. M. Hughes's Cedric, 8st. 71b., 2 ; Mr. A. M'Lennan's Wheel of Fortune. 8st. 71b., 3. Members' Cup, 1 mile : Mr. C. Holmes's Malvern, Sst. 121b. 1 : Mr. T. Moody's Hippv, lOst 131b., 2; Mr. A. Rourke's Taxgatherer, lOst. 131b., '3. Railway Handicap, 1 mile : Mr. J. Hod9l's New market, 8st. 101b., 1 ; Mr. it. Frost's Argus Scandal, 8st. 71b., 2 ; Mr. J. Nolan's Greenvale, 8st., 3. Ladies' Puree, 1 mile : Mr. J. Finnie's Goldfinder, 8st. 81b., 1 ; Mr. J. Noland's Talleyrand, 8st. 131b., 2. Grand National Hurdle Race, 2$ miles : Mr. J. Nolan's The Buck. 12st., 1 ; Mr. A. Glissans Kilbride, lOst. 71b., 2 ; Mr. M. Hughes's Commodore, lOst., 3. Turf Club Handicap, 2 miles: Mr. J. Finnie's Medusa, Sst. 21b., 1 ; Mr. A. M'Lennan's Wheel of Fortune, 8Rt. 51b., 2 ; Mr. M. Hughes's Cedric, 8st. 51b., 3 ; time, 3.44£. Ladies' Bracelet, 1 mile: Mrs. J. Hodel's New market, 12st., 1 : Mrs. Bennett's Taxgatherer, Hat. 61b., 2; Miss Milson's Inheritor, list. 61b., 3. Forced Handicap, 1J mile : Mr. A. M'Lennan's Wheel of Fortune, S6t. 41b., 1 : Mr. J. Finnie's Goldfinder, 8st. l'21b., 2 ; Mr. M. Hughes's Cedric, 7st. 121b. Lord William Beresford, says the Federal Australian , has purchased three horses at high figures iu England, with which to meet Mr. Weeks' b coming lot of importations from Australia. They are all well-known performers on the English'turf, and are named Reputation, Little Charlie, and Father Prout. 1 he first-named is a veiy fast horse over a mile, and since his purchase Little Charlie carried off the Windsor Handicap, cariying 8st. 21'o. Although £500 is in tbe balance, Mr. Wee£s is not in the least alarmed, and thinks that his cash and the honour of Australia will be quite safe in the keeping of either The Ghost or Trans ferred. In their desire to annihilate all betting men (says the Australasian ), some of the members of the South Aus tralian Parliament went so tar as to propose that any news paper publishing the - odds taken should be amenable to the law. They have advanced to such extremes that they now appear ridiculous in the eyes of all Australia. South Aus tralia must indeed feel proud of her legislators. Mr. Byron Moore informs me that the V.R.C. recently called for tenders for £10,000 worth of debentures at 6 per cent., for five years. The tenders received were not con sidered satisfactory, and the time was extended. The club has now accepted £3900 tendered by the former holders, and £1300 by the public at par. All tenders under par were refused. * The London Sportsman has the following concerning ' time ' ' ' The Derby Time. — According to Benson's chronograph St. Blaise won the Derby in 2 minutes 48 2-5th seconds, Shotover's time last year being 2 minutes 45 3-5th seconds. The following are a few previous records : — In 1881, Iioquois, 2 minutes 50 seconds; 1880, Bend Or, 2 minutes 4G seconds ; 1879, Sir Bevys, 3 minutes 2 seconds ; 1878, Sefton, 2 minutes 56 seconds ; 1877, Silvio, 2 minutes 60 seconds ; 1876, Kisber, 2 minutes 44 seconds ; 1875, Galopin, 2 minutes 47 seconds ; 1874, George Frederick, 2 minutes 46 seconds ; 1873, Doncaster, 2 minutes 50 seconds ; 1872, Cremorne, 2 minutes 45$ seconds ; 1871, Favonius, 2 minutes 50 seconds. The best time on record is 2 minutes 43 seconds, that credited to Kettledrum aud Blair Athol in 1861 and 1864 respectively. The Epsom Grand Prize Time. —Padlock won this race on Thursday, according to Benson's chronograph, in 2 minutes 13 l-5th seconds ; Quicklime's record for last year was 2 minutes 14 2-5 seconds. The Oaks Time : According to Benson's chronograph, Bonny Jean won The Oaks in 2 minutes 53 seconds. Geheimnifs, the winner last year, occupied 2 minutes 49 seconds. In the previous year Thebais covered the course in 2 minutes 46 seconds. The following are a few previous times : — 1880, Jenny Howlett, 2 minutes 49 seconds; 1879, Wheel of Fortune, 3 minutes 2 seconds: 1878, Jannctte, 2 minutes 54 seconds; 1877, Placida, 2 minutes, 54 J seconds. The Ascot Gold Cup Time : According to Benson's chronograph, Tristan won this trophy in 4 minutes 58 1-5 ?seconds ; Foxhall's record for last year being 4 minutes 35 seconds. In 1881 Robert the Devil's time was 4 minutes 12 seconds ; in 1880 Isonomy occupied 4 minutes 45 seconds ; and in the preceding year 5 minutes 12 seconds. The following are a few previous records: — Verneuil, in 1878, 4 miautes 50 seconds; Petrarch, 1877, 4 minutes 33 seconds ; Apology, 1876, 4 minutes 45 seconds ; and Doncaster, in 1876, 4 minutes 39 Feconde. Border Minstrel, the winner of the Gold Vase, covered [the 2 miles in 3 minutes 43 seconds. Lidislas covered the Ascot Derby distance (l£ mile) in 2 minutes 45 seconds. Faugh-a-Ballagh won the Alexandra Plate (about 3 miles) in 5 minutes 24 3-5th seconds. The value of the race was £1090. Frontin's record, 3 minutes 20 seconds, in the Grand Prix, as taken by Benson's chronograph, has onlv been beaten within the last six years by Foxhall, who covered the mile and seven furlongs in 3 minutes 17 seconds. Frontin, we may mention, was bred by Mr. Malapert, at his stud at Albin, and he purchased his dam Frolicsomc, at Cobham, in 1879, iu foal to George Fred* erick.' The Turf, Field, and Farm, than which there is no better authority on the subject, says that ' in buying a horse, first look at his head and eyes for signs of intelligence, temper, courage, and honesty. Unless a horse has brains you cannot teach him to do anything well. If bad qualities predominate in a horse, education only serves to enlarge and intensify them. The head is the indicator of disposition. A square muzzle, with large nostrils, evidences an ample breathing apparatus and lung-power. Next, see that he is well under tne jvwl, with jawbones broad and wide apart under the throttle. Breadth and fulness between the ears and eyes are always desirable. The eyes should be full and hazel iu colour, ears small and thin and thrown well for ward. The horse that turns his ears back every now and then is cot to be trusted. He is either a biter or a kicker, end is 6ure to be vicious in other respects, and, being naturally vicioue, can never be trained to do anything well ; and so a horse with a rounding nose, tapering forehead, and a broad, full face below the eyes is always treacherous and not to be depended on. Avoid the long-legged, stilted animal, always choosing one with a short, straight back and rump, withers high and shoulders sloping, well set back, and with good depth of chest, fore legs short, hind legs straight, with low down hock, short paBtern joints, and a round, mulish-shaped foot.' 