NO NEW THING. Br W. E. NOEBIS, Author of " Matrimony," " Jleaus of Money," and " Mademoiselle de Mersac." CHAPTER XXVTI. WALTER GOES TO A BALL. It is probable that, for the first few months after Walter's departure from home, the whole City of London did not contain a more thoroughly disconsolate young man than he. He had known that he would dislike sitting upon a high stool, that he would find the per sons with whom he would have to associate uncongenial in most respects; but the reality far outdid his expectations. More than once he was Borcly tempted to look back, like Lot's wife, especially as he was unable to de tect any signs of a Zoar in the distance to compensate him for this toilsome march" through a dreary waste of ciphers. Not only did he abominate his work, but it must be confessed that he did it liadly. He had no head for figures, and iudecd was not quick at acquiring any fresh branch of knowledge, nor did he receive the smallest assistance or cd couiagement from Mr. Boulger, a surly, burly old man, with a red face, who seldom spoke to bis subordinates, and, when he did speak to them; did so in such a manner that they would willingly have dispensed with the at tention. But if Walter Brune was not dowered with a large supply of brains he possessed no bad substitute for them in the shape of plenty of perseverance and a strong will: and so in pro cess of time he conquered the first difficulties of the business which he had set himself to learn, and was rewarded by a grunt or two of approval from bis uncle, who now began to take a little more notice of him. Every Thursday be was invited to dine at the large, cold, ana uninhabited- looking house at Clap ham, where the old banker had resided for close upon half a century, and where Wal ter's young face made an odd contrast to those of the half-dozen or so of elderly gentle men . who usually completed the party. In. private life Mr. Boulger was gruff, but not particularly ungracious. He seemed rather to like talking to his nephew, and Walter sometimes had a hope that mention might be made of him in his wealthy relative's will. As for the partnership of which he had onee spoken so confidently, that appeared to he very far off indeed. Mr. Boulger never made the most remote allusion to the subject, and did not hesitate to give e'xpreasion to the poor opinion that he had formed of his nephew's business capacities. " You will never-make a banker," he said; you will never make a man of business at all. It isn't In you. But it will do you no harm to work. Slave away, morning and night, summer and winter—that's what I did at your age, and you see I am none the worse for it, and a good deal the richer. 'I am an old man now—I go with the century—and never had a day's illness in my life, Sir, that I can recollect. It's your idle people who grow sickly ; we business men haven't the time. Why, I could walk from here to Lom bard-street and back again now, and eat my dinner all the better for it afterwards." It was all very well for Mr. Boulger, who had been taken into partnership at the age of thirty, to boast of his health aad wealth; bat to a young man who bad little prospect of the one to console him for the possible loss of the other the career thus described was scarcely fascinating. Walter, however, was - not discouraged. He could but do his best, he thought to himself; and even if nothing came of it at all, hard labour at least prevented him from broodjng over cer tain private Borrows of bis own that we know of. Moreover^ he was becoming accustomed to the life, as evciy one becomes accustomed at last to everything in this world; and from time to time he came across a college friend, and had a refreshing talk over old days, which, together with those Sunday dinners, during the winter, at Marea calchi's Club, made bim feel that lie was nob altogether an outcast from civilization. Had it not been for such occasional j xlimpses as these of his own world he would have led an existence of complete solitude : for the Brunes were not people who had a large acquaintance, and Walter had abstained from calling upon the few friends whom he possessed in London, being, like most young men crossed in love, in a temporary condition of enmity against the whole of the other sex. ?t was therefore with some surprise that, on returning to his rooms one evening in the beginning of June, he found upon his table a square envelope addressed in a lady's hand, which envelope, when opened, proved to contain a formal invitation to dinner from Lady Travers. Walter's first impulse was to write a refusal He was shy, and he was rather afraid of the magnificent people whom he supposed that he would meet at Travers House. Besides which, he did not wish to have anything to do with any one who had over borne the name of Wilmington. So he sat down and wrote that Mr. Walter Brune regretted that he would be unable to dine with Lord and Lady Travers on the day named. Then he frowned thoughtfully on this missive for five minutes, ana ended by tearing it up. It was true that lDdith had shown herself unworthy of an honest man's love; it was true also that he had himself got over a boyish affection so obviously misplaced. Still, he would rather like to know what had become of her. He had been too proud to mention Miss Win liington in his letters home; but the fact was that he did feel some curiosity upon this point, and no doubt Lady Travers would satisfy it without any questions being put to lie^i Accordingly he took another sheet of pajfir, and wrote that Mr. Walter Brune -would have much pleasure, &c.; and ten days later, exactly as the clocks were striking 8, Mr. Walter Brune was mounting the great staircase of Travers House. H he had learnt j nothing eke in the city he had fit least learnt ! to be punctual, whence it resulted that he had to spend a quarter of an hour by him self in a vast drawing-room, feeling very hot and uncomfortable, before Lady Travers came in and apologized. " I am afraid," she began, "I have kept you ■waiting, Mr. Brune—or may I not say Walter ? I have been so accustomed to hear you talked about as Walter that I can hardly think of you by any other name." Walter said that he much preferred to he 'called by his Christian name; he, too, was much more accustomed to that mode of address than to a more formal one. He added, rather disingenuously, that he did pot know by whom Lady Travers cou]£ have heard him Bpokcn of at all " By Maigaret, of course," she answered, laughing. " Who else should have talked to me about you ?" | And then Bhe looked so liard at Walter that that bashful young man became very red, and said it was a hot day for the time of year. " What an ass she must think me," he ejaculated inwardly. " Of course she knows all about it, and 1 believe she's laughing at me. I wish to goodness I hadn't come." But Lady Travers did not seem to notice his embarrassment, and gave him time to recover himself by talking without inter mission until the arrival of other guests obliged her to leave him. The room was soon full of people; and Walter lost his self conBciousness in pleasure and curiosity when | he found himself close to a knot of cele brities, amongst whom wfere a Cabinet Minister and two foreign Ambassadors. He was not introduced to Lord Travers, a fierce looking old man who was wheeled into the drawing-room in a chair, but who did not appear at the dinner-table, his go at forbidding him to touch any of the delicacies set before his guests. At dinner Walter was placed next to a good-humoured lady who knew all about him, having had a son in the Oxford eleven, ana who talked quite knowingly on the subject of cricket; so that upon" the whole our young friend spent a jileasant enough evening, though he could not quite understand why he should hive been asked. "Going away already ?" said Lady Travers, j when he went up to bid her good-night. "Why are you in such a hurry? I wanted I to have a cliat with you about dear old •Crayminster; but you must come and see me again scon. You will be almost sure to find me any day between 5 and (j, and I shall always be at home to you. It is so seldpm that I meet anybody who belongs to our part of the world now. I suppose you know that my mother and Edith are in London." Walter said no, he had not heard. "Oh, yes; they have taken a house in Park-street for the season. By-the-way, I have a little dance next Thursday, and I shall be so glad to see you, if you care to come." Walter was completely mystified. Why all this excessive cordiality ? And what did Lady Travers mean by talking about her mother and sister? One thing was certain, the could not be aware of the circumstances under which he had seen them last, and iu any case he was determined not to run the risk of meeting Edith at this danc*. He began some unintelligible excuse, whichLady Travers cut short without ceremony. " I thiuk you had much better eome," she said. "I can't ccme," answered Walter in despair. " If yon will allow me, I will call upon yon some day, and tell you why. I can't explain with all these people in the room." "Explanations are not required," she answered smiling. "I know what your reason for refusing is; but it is such a bad one that I cannot accept it. Why, my dear Walter, if everybody felt the scruples that you do society would come to an end, because half the men in London would be afiaid to go out anywhere lest they should meet—some body whom they didn't want to meet." She added in a lower voice, " Don't be so faint hearted." "What do you mean?" Walter began eagerly. But Lady Travers was already speaking to some one else, and only looked over her shoulder, as she shook hands with him, to say, " I shall expect you on Thurs day, then." tlT-li. a. Walter trudged homewards in a state of much wonder and excitement. If Lady Travers had meant anything at all, she must have meant that there was hope for him; and if there was hope for him Edith must have mentioned him to her; and if Edith had mentioned him But at this point Walter called common sense to his aid, and told him self that he was not going to believe anything of that sort. He had heard from the girl's own lips that she did not care enough about him to face any trial for his sake: that, surely, was conclusive enough to satisfy any body. And then he recalled those fatal words, and went through the conclusion of that melancholy interview at Longbonrne once more, as he had done many and many a time before, when he had been tempted to think that he had been too hasty, and that, after all, it might have been nothing but sheer terror of Mrs. Winnington that had induced Edith to dismiss him. Nevertheless, th« more he thsugbt of it —and he thought of very little else for the next few days and nights—the more he became convinced that Edith must have taken licr sister into her confidence, and surely Lady Travers would not have been so cruel as to encourage him unless there were some real grounds for encouragement. He made up lus mind that he would speak to Edith—there could be no harm in his doing that; for Mrs. Winnington herseli had admitted that they must speak, if they met —and then he would very soon find out the truth. In the meantime he could not help admitting a delightful suspicion into his mind that Edith had taken the very first possible means of communicating with him that had come within her reach since their severance. Even if she only wanted to tell him that she was sorry for having treated him with so much heartlessness, that would be something. He pictured her seizing an opportunity to whisper a few hurried words ot penitence to him in the ballroom, her ' colour coining and going as of old, and he could very easily imagine himself forgiving ber. Walter was nothing if not practical; yet the thought of a romantic leave-taking and of two faithful hearts destined to beat for ever apart was not without its charms for him. He nursed these pleasing illusions up to the supreme moment when he accosted Edith on the Thursday evening, and then was robbed of them all at a blow; for her start of surprise and her face of consternation sufficiently convinced him that this meeting had been entirely unforeseen by her. She was looking radiantly beautiful; she was exquisitely dressed; she wore about her neck the magnificent pearls which had come to Mrs. Wilmington by inheritance, and which had enhanced the charms of each of her daughters in succession: half-a-dozen men were pressing round her begging for a dance, and Walter had time to say no more than "How do you do?" before he was jostled beyond speaking distance. For the " little dance" to which he had been invited was in reality a crowded ball. Five minutes afterwards the good-natured lady who had Bat beside Walter on the night of the dinner-party said to Lady Travers, " Would you like to see a banker's clerk in a towering rage? If so, just cast a glance at poor Mr. Brune. Has the girl of his heart thrown him over, or is it only that somebody has trodden on his toe?" Lady Travers hastened to join her young friend, who indeed was leaning with his broad shoulders against the wall, looking as black as a thundercloud. "What in the matter?" she asked, trying hard not to laugh. "Why did you make me come here?" re turned he. "You knew quite well what it was that induced me to accept your invita tion, and I suppose you knew, too. what I should get for my pains. Well, it was a capital joke, and X lioiie you are satisfied. Your sister stared at me, as if she had seeu a ghost, when I spoke to her; but the shock hasn't upset her much. You see she is enjoy ing herself immensely, dancing with that curly-headed fellow—whoever he may be." " My dear Walter, you must not speak so loud, and you arc not to scold me in my own house, if you please. If you are so ungrate ful and unreasonable, I Bliall send yon about your business. Can't you understand that, if I had told certain people that you were to be . here, certain people would probably have remained away? I have put your foot on the first step of the ladder; but I really cannot carry you up upon my shoulders. How do, like a good, sensible fellow, watch your opportunity and take advantage of it, and don t make me a rebuke to the foolish by standing sulking there till people ask me who you are and what is tue matter with you." "I'm afraid I was awfully rude," said Waiter, contritely; "you have been very kind to me—I'm sure I don't know why—and I beg your pardon for speaking as I did. But iook here, Lady Travers, I'm the worst man in the world at understanding hints. I wish you would tell me plainly whether there is any hope." "there is always bope tor a man. If a man does not get what he wants, he has him self to blame; it is only women who are con demned to be hopeless. Women are very often obliged to say things that they don't mean, and to do things that they don't want to do; they have no choice. However, there is one thing that a woman can do—she can always throw over a partner in favour of some else whom she likes better." Fortified by this hint, which, at all events, could not be complained of on the score of obscurity, Walter shouldered his way by degrees to the open window, where he could see Edith talking to the curly headed youth whom he had mentioned so contemptuously, and hovered about within a few yards of her until the music struck up again, when he boldly advanced and said, "I think this is our dance, Miss Winnington." Edith gave him a scared look, turned pink and white, and white and pink again, and at last answered hurriedly, "Oh, no; I think not. I think you must have made a mis take." "No mistake at all," returned Walter firmly, and he offered his arm, which she took after a moment of hesitation. " Oh, not into the room, please," she said, with a little nervous laugh, as he began to follow the crowd. " I can't dance with you under the eyes of my partner, and mamma would be so angry if sbe saw us. It was very wrong of you to claim me in this way, when you know you never asked me for a dance at all; but perhaps, just for once, as we are such old friends" " \ cs ; let us do wrong for once, as wo are such old friends," said Walter drily. " Where can we go to get out of this crush ?" " That window opens on to a balcony: we might go out there for a few minutes. Only for a few minutes though ; I ought not to be speaking to you at all. How do you come to be here ?" • Oh, 1 assure you i was asked. It is very extraordinary that I should have been, no doubt; but fashionable society is getting so dreadfulTy mixed nowadays, you know,' answered Walter, for he had not quite ex pected to be greeted after tliis fashion, and it struck him that there was a shade too much of patronage in Edith's tone. " I don't think it is yely kind of you to speak like that," she said, in a low voice, . They were out upon the balcony now, and Edith, who had removed her hand from Walter's arm, was leaning over the cushioned balustrade, looking down upon the passing vehicles in Park-lane, and upon the dark trees beyond. " Kind ?" returned-Walter. " No; I dare say it iB not particularly kind. Perhaps if you were in my place you wouldn't be very much disposed to be kind. No: I didnt mean that. Don't go, Edith^don t be angry with me. You know I would not be unkind to you for the whole world. Of course my being here is odd; I never go anywhere ; I haven't been to a single ball all the time that I have been in London, and I suppose I was a great ass to come to this one. But when Lady Trovers told me that I should meet you here, how could I help myself ?" Edith, who had made a movement as if to return to the ballroom, had resumed her former attitude, and now. stood silent, >vith her back turned to her companion. " Won't you at least say that you are a little bit glad to see me ?" he pleaded, after waiting iu vain for her to speak. *' I am very glad to see you, Walter"; I should always be glad to see you," she answered quickly, without looking at him. " And we are old friends, jou know; though you don't seem to like my saying so. I thought you had forgotten me altogether. You never enquired whether I was dead or alive when you wrote to Nellie." " You did aBk Nellie about me, then?" " I seem to be losing all my old friends," Edith went on, ignoting this interruption "Nellie will hardly speak to ...... me now; I suppose I must have offended her in some way. Are you pleased about her engage ment? 1 never thought she cared so much for Philip—did you?" " It is not always easy to tell whom women care for. Nellie is a girl who knows her own mind, anyhow. She wouldn't have taken him unless she had cared for him; you mav be quite sure of that." "Wouldn't slic? She would-have been very foolish if she hail, certainly, considering that she is perfectly free to do as she likes. A great manv git is are obliged to accept men whom they don't care for, and" " Edith, if. you have accepted somebody else, for God's "sake say bo, and let us get it over. Yon told me you did not care for me. Whether yon quite pieant -that at the time, or whether you were frightened into saying it, I don't know; but it comes to much the same'/ thing, for you could not have said it if you had really cared for me" "If you think that," interrupted Edith, " what is the UBe of alluding to the subject at all ? We had much better not allude to it. I have not accepted anybody, and I think most likely I never shall; but that can be nothing to you. I did not expect that you would ever speak to me again. You have every reason to bate and despise me." " Ah, but I don't—I love you. " You must not say that, Walter. Even supposing that it were true" "I certainly should not say it if it were false." " But you must not say it at all. If weare to meet sometimes now, we must never talk about that—we must talk about other things. What do you think of this extraordinary dis covery of Philip's? Do you believe he is really your cousin?" " 1 don't know what to think. My father helicveB it. It is a bad look-out for us, I'm afraid. But I can't discuss Philip now. Edith" " I dou't want to discuss Philip either—I would much rather hear about you. Are you getting on well ? and do you dislike your work very much 5" " I can't say I like it; hut it gives me some thing to do, and leaves me little leisure for thinking—which is a blessing." " Do you ever play cricket now ?"■ "No; I havent the time. Edith, I don't want to take an unfair advantage of you : but you don't know what a difference it would make in mvlife if you could tell me that you still cared for me, ever so little ?" "You said I could not really care ior you. Whatalovely night; is it not, Mr. Lovelace ? I came out here to get a breath of fresh air, it is so stifling indoors. Ourdance?—and nearly over ? I am so sorry; but if you have been searching for me high and low, as you say, you * only 1(" could not have helped finding me. I only left the room a few minutes ago. Good night, Mr. Brune. Are you coming to lunch here on Sunday by any chance? 0, I thought perhaps you might be." Ana so Edith was led away into the throng by her justly incensed partner, and Walter understood that he was dismissed for that evening. If he could have seen Lady Travers he would have asked her boldly whether he might call upon her on Sunday; but Lady TraverB was uowliere to be discovered, and the only iamiliar face that he came across' in the course of his search was that of Mrs. Winuington, who stared very hard at him and cave him an undecided sort of bow as he brushed past her. It was only just past midnight -when he emerged upon Park-Iauc, and as he felt quite certain that he would not be able to sleep if he went home he thought he would walk down to the New University Club, of which he was a member, and think things over there with the help of a pipe. Turning the corner of St. JamesVstreet ne met a tall pedestrian of military bearing, who peered at him in the light of a gaslamp, stopped short, and then said, "Is that Walter Brune?" and the next minute he was shaking hands with Colonel Kenyon. " It is rather a piece of good fortune, my meeting you," the Colonel remarked. " I heard something to-day which I thiuk you ought to know about. Could you spare me a quarter of an hour?" Walter said, " An hour if you like," and proposed that they should walk on a few steps to his Club, where Colonel Kenyon said what he had to say at greater length than need be reported. In fulfilment of the resolution which he had made some time before, while at Longbourne, he had been to Conduit-street, and had heard from Philip's former landlady the whole history of Mrs. Marescalchi's illness and death. Thus the mystery was at last solved, and the only question was whether it would be right that lie should make the matter known to Aliss Brune or not. It was upon this point, Hugh said, that he had been anxious to consult her brother. " The business is not quite so bad a one as I was afraid that it might be; but in all con science it is bad enough. Why, at the very time when he proposed to your sister his wife can hardly have been dead a month ! Can you imagine a man being such a heartless scoundrel ?" Walter shook hie head. He had not spoken duriDg Colonel Kenyon's recital, except once, when he had ejaculated under his breath, "So that was what became of poor little Fanny! What an odd thing that I' should never have suspected itand although he looked a good deal vexed and distressed, he had hardly expressed so much indignation as bis informant had expected that ne would do. " somebody ought to tell bliss Urune, said Colonel Kenyon decisively; " the more so as I don't for one moment believe that the fellow himself will tell her unless he is obliged. I might write to Margaret; but the : fact of the matter is that I nave given so much offence already by what I have said from time to time about this precious young rascal that—that, in short, I would much I rather leave it alone. I think you would be the proper person to write to your sister." " I suppose so," said Walter, doubtfully; " only don't you think t would look rather like stealing a march upon Philip ?" " Stealing a march upon him 1" repeated Hugh, scornfully. " How is one to deal with a fellow like that unless one steals a march upon him? I confess," he went on, with some impatience, " that I can't understand the weakness that all you people seem to have for MarescalchL Here iB.a fellow who sneaks off to Italy to try and do your father out of his property, who coolly proposes to your sister when he hasu't a sixpence to blesB himself with, who keeps a wife in London on the sly, breaks her heart, I sus pect, and rushes off to engage himself to somebody else before she is cola in the grave —a fellow who laughs at you, and humbugs you, and tells lies right and left, by George! —and upon my word and honour 1 believe you think it's all right. If I venture to suggest to Margaret that it would be as well to look after him a little more closely she turns her back upon me; and now, when I ask you to tell your sister a plain and simple fact which no gentleman in Marescalchi's place would have concealed from her, you talk about stealing a march npon him 1 I must confess that I can't make it out. It fairly heats me." Walter smiled deprecatingly. " You see," lie said, "we have known Philip all our lives, and—well, it 1b not very easy to make a : stranger understand how we feel towards him; but the truth is that one can't help liking Philip. I never met anybody yet who didwt like him," "I beg your pardon," said Hugh, with hearty emphasis; "you have met one man who don't like him, never did, and never will." "Ah, well; yon are the exception that proves the rule, I suppose. I quite agree with you that it would nave been better if Philip had been more straightforward; but then again there are lots of people who would say that a man isn't bound to tell the whole story of hiB past life as soon as he becomes engaged. We don't know what he may have to say for himself either; and I am sure yon are wrong about his having broken Fanny's heart. Philip is just the same now that he used to be at school. He does a heap of things that he ought not to do; but he never intends to hurt anybody—he never means any barm." " Of all the obnoxious reptiles that crawl the eartfl, commend me to the man who doesn't mean any harm!" called out Colonel Henyon, whoEe heat was greatly increased by the other's misplaced leniency. "Well;do you mean to write to your sister, or don't you?" " Oh, yes, I'll write," answered Walter; "there's no doubt that she ought to be told. "And I sincerely hope and trust," said Hugh, getting up, "that she will break off her engagement. There's no saying what she may do, though, or how she may take it. I don'tprofess to understand women myself." "They are curious creatures, certainly," agreed Walter, thinking of ms own ex perience of the sex. "Most extraordinary," said Hugh; "most extraordinary. Well, good-night, Walter. If you could see your way to telling this story without bringing my name into it, you know, I should be just as well pleased." And, having given this incidental proof that he understood something of the nature of at least one woman in the world, Colonel Kenyon struggled into his greatcoat and went away. 