NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, July 20. In my last I informed your readers that the Davies-cum-Harris case had been com menced. It continued several days, and excited a large amount of public interest. The leading poaition ot tne parties called forth this much, and the feeling of partisan ship by the Davicsitcs on the one hand, and the Barrisites on the other, gave a larger percentage of excitement to the business. There were many who Hoped that Davies would be humbled to the duBt. That he was false, corrupt, perfidious, was accepted by many as something so patent that it needed ne particular proof. That he was a trimmer, a turncoat, a man who could be anything and everything as occasion might require, was affirmed by a large section of the community, who looked upon the trial as the just outcome of a long career of hollowness which was now about to be demonstrated by the revelations of a La w Court. And, truth to tell, there was a feeling of mild exultation on the port of such. Hewould bite the dust; he would be unmaBked ; he would stand forth to all as a trickster in politics, as a shuffler in social flfe, as a varnished and gilded sham. So said his enemies. There were others who blamed the Mayor. They said that the action taken was, after all, but the outcome of influences and antagonisms working in poli tical and municipal life, and that but for such antagonisms nothing would have been heard of the case. A large number of the citizens who stood outside the partizans of both were concerned only in this, that on which side soever truth and justice lay there should be success. The trial was not averyedifyingdisclosure of our public men. The character of Mr. Davies did not appear very resplendent, and for the matter of that the same may be said in some par I; ticulars of the character oi Mr. Harris. With ' regard toDavies it came ont in evidence that while acting as one of the Exhibition Com ■ missionera he received some very substantial recognition of Mb services by one of the caterers for the public, who had the refresh-. ment bare beneath the central fountain. He had given him, so it was said, a splendid, gold ring, and this at the suggestion of Davies himself. He had also presented him with an expensive albert chain, and to crown the other gifts, he bad sent Mm a supply of drinks such as ought not to be found in the list of a Good Templar's comforts. The presentation of the ring and the albert was admitted, bnttbeaccnsed stoutly maintained. . his innocence in the matter of the grog. Bat, even taking this view of the case,Tthink it is - very damaging to Davies. Here was a gentle man appointed to a most honourable post in. connection with the ExMbition, receiving in recognition of services so rendered - the-* highest recompense wMch a man can have-— a badge of distinction from royalty; and yet-. the whole is stained and damaged by the fact - that the honorary service so rendered. was previously recompensed by sordid gold. Mr. Harris, however, did not. appear to mnch advantage in the: trial. Supposing that ho believed himself' to have been wronged by his brother - Alderman, one would.have imagined that he-, would have mentioned- the matter to the wrong-doer, or, failing in that, that he would: have kept the matter buried in his own breast. But the trial disclosed the fact that the Mayor had mentioned the malappropriation < first to one, then to a second, ana again to a. third, so that it eventually comes before the-. Council and the country, thus damaging most vitally the Alderman's character, although. at the same time he professed a desire not to harm Davies for the sake of Ms wile and family. A third character who has ac quired a most unenviable notoriety in the business has been Alderman Carter. TMs gentleman professed to be DavieB's fast friend,. and yet he was proved by evidence to have been Davies's accuser to the Mayor. This , gentleman was subjected to a very searching, examination, and he figured therein most pitiably. If the other witnesses spoke truly then Carter lied atrociously. Witness after witness affirmed in their testimony that Carter had spoken most damagingly of Danes, while he was all the while pro fessing to be his hosom friend. To all this Carter gave bis flat denial. But the general judgment is most fatal to Carter's veracity, and he is looked upon as one who bas signed bis own death-warrant as a public man. There was considerable feel ing in the Court when the case was being pleaded by the banisters on both sides. Mr. Darley made an able speech and sat down. amid loud demonstrations of approval. This, so far as it evidenced the feeliDg of a section of the public against Davies, Bliowed that he would have little mercy from them if they had the power to settle the case. Nor did matters much improve on the part of this section when Mr. Stephen on the other side* rose to plead for his clients. Alluding to the unseemly display on the part of theBpectators as a disgrace to a Law Court, he was met by a storm of hisses, which wore, how ever, speedily silenced by the presiding Judge. Sir Gcoree Inncs carefully summed up, and the result was a verdict for the phuntifF, damages one farthing. From this your readers will see that though Mr. Harris is by so much condemned for the way he acted in the business, yet that Mr. Davies is not deemed to have suffered material damage from the process. The judgment, however,, carries ccBts, and so Davies will have such consolation as is furnished by tbe fact that the Mayor will have to pay dearly for Mb allegations. Another case that has occupied a consider able share of attention on the part of the public is the case of the Rev. John Osborne, Wesleyan minister, of this city. Mr. Osborne has since last April been stationed in York street Church, This, like some other city ChurcheB, has suffered in its congregation from the exodus that has gone on for some time from the city to the snburbs.. From being the most important centre of Methodist influence it has dwindled down to a mere shadow of its former self. At the same time it appears to have been felt by the authorities of Wesleyanism that there are people enough in the city, resident or casual visitors, to warrant its retention as a head-station, and thereto Mr. Osborne was stationed at tbe last Conference. The rev. gentleman came to the city with an evident intention to resuscitate this failing interest if that were possible, and in the accomplish ment of this purpose he resorted to methods which are somewhat novel in Wesleyan circles—albeit, they have a certain measure of attractive influence with the mul titude. The choir was allowed a large amount of liberty, and anthems ana soIob formed a leading feature of the psalmody. The preacher, too, started on new lines. Instead of what some folks would call the humdrum subjects which usually form the staple of pulpit teaching, Mr. Osborne started forth with popular subjects. And so Sabbath after Sabbath he has treated the congregation to discourses and topics such as the fol lowing : — " Sir William Chambers,"' " The Queen's Birthday," " Ravening Wolves," " Thomas Mort," " The toleration of intolerance," " Capital and labour," " The model working man," ("Mohammedanism," "Buddhism," and others. One of his dis courses which attracted most attention, and was productive of the most sensational results, was a sermon connected with the departure of Archbishop Vaughan to Europe That Sabbath evening the discourse was advertised as " Roman Catholicism from the standpoint of a liberal Protestantism." As. was to be expected, the Church was well iilled. Many Roman Catholics came to hear what a Methodist preacher had to say about their " ism." Many Protestants came with a. similar curiosity. The sermon occasioned con siderable excitement. Archbishop Vaughan leceivcd high praise as a man head and Ehoulders above everbody else in the clerical: world. Romanism was spoken of in a spirit, of liberalism which seemed to treat lightly her errors in'the sacraments, with some other views of her spirit and work. As to the per secutions of which she had been guilty, Pro testantism would have done the same if Bhe had the power. By this time Borne consider able dissent was stirring in the minds of many, which at times showed itself in the hurrying out of the Church of sundry, and the muttered disapproval of some who re mained. The latter part of the sermon dealt with some of the errors of Romanism, but the impression prodnced by the first part was not done away by the second. As a consequence there was high dissatisfaction to the Protestant section of the community,, or a portion of them, which expressed itself in action by the trustees, or a majority of them, preferring formal charges against'Mr. Osborne for preacMng doctrines contrary to the Wesleyan standards. They accordingly summoned him to appear before a court styled a " Mixed District Meeting," in which laymen with the ministers are allowed to sit. to hear and adjudge the case. As the trus tees had not been accustomed to hnnt heresy they somewhat bungled the business. Long discussions took place in the Mixed District Meeting, first as to the point whether, the meeting had been legally called, and second, whether the charges were fairly before the meeting. On the first point the Chair man ruled that it was legally summoned. On the second, he ruled that the charges were not fairly before the meeting, inasmuch as Mr, Osborne had not had the charges sub mitted to him in proper form. The proceed ings in this court therefore fell through. The ministers of the Wesleyan Church in Sydney next took action, and Mr. Osborne was sum moned by the Presidents of the New South Wales and Queensland Conferences to a special district meeting, that, an enquiry might be made, first into certain alleged de fectiveness .in doctrine, and second into his mode of preaching and general administra tion in this Church. Some four days were spent over the case. The enquiry into Mr. Osborne's doctrinal defectiveness touched the points of the Deity of Chiist and his atone ment, repentance and justifying faith, the ~ " " Spirit, the Deity of the Holy Spirit, the plenary inspiration of the Holy Scriptures, the efficacy of prayer, and his teachings on Romanism, Severed witnesses wore called, some of whom gave evidence against Mr. Osborne, and some were called to give evi dence of a rebutting character. Eventually the long and tedious enquiries and discussions came to a cloBe. Mr. Osborne made a reply In which be affirmed most distinctly his firm belief in the doctrines referred to as held and taught by the Wesleyan Church. He declared that he nad no sympathy with free- thought in the ordinary acceptation of the term, and he waa equally removed from any sympathy with any system that was not in full accord with (the doctrines |in question. He further declared that he had no sympathy with Roman Catholicism. He hod been induced to preach the sermon that had been complained of in order to conciliate Roman Catholics with a view of getting them to come and hear other sermons which would have been devoted to teaching them Protestant truth. Transubstantiation was a rank absur dity, and as to his general views of Romanist dogma and work he was utterly removed from any approval of them. As to his manner of preaching he must claim the liberty to adhere to that. His style was different from other people's, and his subjects were wider than those generally chosen for pulpit use. But he tried to teach everything from a Christian standpoint. He was a loyal Methodist. The findings of the court were: —" First, that after hearing Mr. Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in his atonement for sin by His death, in the Deity of the Holy Ghost, in the plenary inspira tion of the Holy Scriptures, and in the efficacy of prayer; having heard also his declaration of sincere attach ment to Methodist doctrines generally, as embodied in our acknowledged staudard3, we cordially accept his statement as full and satisfactory. At the same time we regret that his method of presenting these truths is at times so inexact as to produce the im pression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine. Secondly, in reference to the sermon delivered in the Fork-street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, on Roman Catholicism, we are convinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism, as held by the Methodist Church, yet from the evidence we are satis fied that in the former part of his discourse he was bo unguarded in his statements as to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards." The case has excited a large section of the community. Some por tions of the Press have misjudged and misrepresented the point at issue. Some of these have extolled Mr. Osborne as the apostle of charity, and have designated those who .took action in the enquiry by terms that are somewhat hard and uncom plimentary. The Bulletin has had some cartoons that are not very flattering to the Methodist Brotherhood. One in this week's issue represents Osborne standing with his foot on a pamphlet on which may be read the word bigotry. On one side of him the Presi dent and Secretary of the Conference are pictured, after the style of very seedy repre sentatives of the cloth, who are poking their umbrellas at him. On the other side some of those who have taken a leading part in the matters enquired into are represented as shying stones at his head. This, how ever, is rather amusing than just. Some Other papers have described in words what is thus set forth in pictorial representation. This, however, is mislead ing. The enquiry that has gone forward has nptio proceeded, not as the assumption or allega tion that Osborne had too much charity, but that he had too little doctrinal soundness. From the verdict it yrill be seen that he has been acquitted by the Court of defectiveness in doctnne, and the matter has resolved itself into defectiveness of statement. I do not suppose that the matter will give unqualified satisfaction. There are some who thmk that the man should be let alone, and anything said that appears to savour of censure will, in the judgment of such, be regarded as too much. There are others who think that in these days of loose liberalism in matters theological and religious, it is of the utmost importance that religious teaching should be clear, well-defined, and moving as strong doctrinal lines, who think, moreover, that the proper way to deal with Romanism is by the exposure of itB errors and the denunciation of its wrongs. These in turn will think that the judgment has not gone far enough. Mr. Charles Bright and others who champion Freethoughtism have patted Mr. Osborne on the baok. Bright in a Sunday evening lecture, which took Osborne for its subject, commended him for having breadth of view- sufficient to see any good in Romanism. He, however, urged him to pursue the path of liberal thought until he reached that Bublime altitude of seeing Oood in all isms, of course the good that was in Freethoughtism being prominently in the mind of the speaker. Osborne has, however, cut himself clear from all sympathy with Bright and his party, and doubtless he will be denounced by Freethinkers on the one hand as lie will be denounced by RomanistB on the other. 