LADY MURIEL'S SECRET. BY JEAN MTDDLEMASS, Author of "Wild Georgie;" "Sealed by a Kiss ~ " Innocence at Play f " Sackcloth and Broadcloth ? " Dandy<fca, See. CHAPTER XXVL A BROKEN TRYST. Patty was one of those people who camiot imagine that a great lady would commit a disloyal act. As a great lady, she from her humble sphere regarded Bertha, and much as. she wished the secret of her whereabouts in London to be kept, she confided it unconditionally to Bertha, who, she was right, assuredly would not have injured her willingly for worlds, and yet As Patty was coming along one afternoon, hastening home to tea, after having been an errand for Mrs, Dobbs, who should she see standing by the lampDost almost in front of Mrs. Dobbs's door but the very last person on earth she wished to see—M. Paul Brumeau. She stopped suddenly; for a moment she thought of running away anywhere rather than meet that dreadful man, but it was too late ; he had seen her, was evidently waiting for her, and with extended arms came hurrying towards her. " Ma mignonne, zna ch&rie;, I have looked for you, pined for you. Who den was wicked enough to take my beautiful soul from me ?' " Hold your tongue, and don't talk to me like that. What do you wantsaid Patty, with a roughness which was assumed to conceal her real fright. " What shall I want but you ? Are you not to me an angel of loveliness and grace?" She burst out laughing. " Well, you can run on. Fma plain working girl, that's all, and I don't want any of vour precious humbug. In the house I'm living in here no followers are allowed, and if you den't make off pretty sharp you'll have Airs. Dobbs sending the police after you. She is a Tartar, and no mistake." " You will not say she keep you, my beautiful Patty, like a slave." " Doesn't she just! and she'll keep yon like a convict if she catches you, so you had best be off. You don't know how strict the laws arc in England for them who loiter about honest folks' doors." " Then take me inside the house." " Inside 1—that is quite impossible; but after I have given some messages to Mrs. Dobbs and had my tea I'll come and meet you at the end of the street if you like." " You will—you will, my beautiful Patty? I always knew well it was me you love and cannot resist. In half an hour, then, you will come." " Say three-quarters ; Mrs. Dobbs might keep me a bit." All this time Patty was edging nearer and nearer to her own doorstep; and once more promising to meet him, she at last managed to get in by means of the latchkey and shut the door. In a few words she told Mrs. Dobbs what had happened, and then she went to examine the premises at the back. There was no legitimate exit; but Patty was agile, and she at once saw that by getting through a window and dropping down on to some leads she could manage to be off at once. " But where, in the name of wonder, is the girl going to?" asked Mrs. Dobbs in some dismay. " Oh, I'll get a cab and drive to Peter Swift's; he'll hide me somewhere," answered Patty, hugging the ninety pounds still left out of her hundred, which she kept sown in the bosom of her dress. Paul Brumeau meantime was not very sure of Patty, and resolved to wait at the door till she returned. Three-quartere of an hour would soon pass, he argued. Three-quarters of an hour became an hour; an hour and a-half; two hours, and still she did not appear. Tired of waiting, and irritated at the idea of being made a fool of, he rang the bell, it was answered by Mrs. Dobbs, who disclaimed all knowledge of toth Patty's whereabouts and herself. " He must be mistaken in the house; perhaps the young person lived next door," she said blandly. But Paul Brumeau was certain he was right, and swore and vociferated in his bad English till a little crowd began to collect, and Mrs. Dobbs threatened to give him in charge if he did not depart peacefully and at once. To be locked up in a London police station did not exactly suitM. PaulBrumeau's views, and he preferred to take his departure. Turning himself round for this purpose, just as Mrs. Dobbs slammed the door, the full light from the gas lamp fell on a face he had seen before—the features of Max Schippheim, the senior partner. If a ghost tad come from the dead to meet him there, Paul Brumeau could scarcely have been more horrified; he ran down the street, a cold perspiration breaking out all over him, and whether Max Schippheim found Patty or not, it was very certain Paul Brumeau never called in the street off Tottenham Court Road to inquire. Of course, as soon as Paul Brumeau was out of sight, Mr. Schippheim rang "the bell; but Mrs. Dobbs was far too cautious to obey the summons, and for at least half an hour he remained there, ringing at intervals, before she at last condescended to put her head out of a first floor window. " You won't get in, my good man, so you had best leave off making that din, and take yourself off." " The Frenchman is gone," was the ready answer. "I am Max Schippheim, and I should like to speak to you for a moment." " Max Schippheim! you!" and Mrs. Dobbs gave way to such load and hearty laughter that the whole street rang again. In vain he assured her, over and over again, that he had just returned after an unavoidable absence of some months; she would not believe him, nor acknowledge that she knew aught of Patty or her whereabouts. He had been to Daleford, he told her, and got Pattj's address from Mrs. Bligh ; surely she would believe now that he was all right, since Mrs. Bligh was her own sister. He had not been into the works, or in fact into Arundale at all, since he did not wish to be recognised till he had found Patty, and had therefore gone straight from the station to Daleford iu the dark. I his explanation was given In a somewhat disjointed manner, Mrs. Dobbs being still at the window and Max Schippheim on the doorstep, surrounded by a group of openmouthed idlers, who could not think what come to No. C, it was so lively this blessed evening. His words, however, had at last the effect of somewhat shaking Mrs. Dobbs's unbelief, and she told him to go to Peter Swift, Anvill Court, Strand, who. she said, had undertaken to find him, and would soon give him the cold shoulder if he was another Tichborne claimant. She did not tell him Patty had gone to Peter Swift, because, as she shrewdly conjectured, if he was only a creature of Brumeau's that would take him there at once, while being the wrong man he was pretty sure not to run his head into a lawyer's office, which she told him Swift's quarters were, adding, however, that he could go even at that hour, since Peter was too much a man of business to sleep off the premises. Max, finding he could get no more out of Mrs. Dobbs, finally hailed a hansom and drove oil Strandwards. In Anvill Court it was very dark and sombre-looking; he managed to find the plate, however, with Peter Swift's name, and? stumbling up an unlighted staircase he fell against the door of the old man's room, but no one answered his summons, which was a pretty loud one with his fist. There was not a SLund but the echo of his repeated thumps and the distant rolling of vehicles in the Strand. It wanted an hour yet of the time Peter Swift had appointed to meet Christian Meyer, and he had not returned from Arundale. Where then was Patty ? She could not be inside, since the door had been fast locked ever since Peter went away and took the key in his pocket. But of her intended visit there of course Max knew nothing, but finally wended his way slowly down the desolate staircase, \< v vtngeance the while against Mrs. l'obiis for sending him on what he wa3 , [.leased to consider a wild goose chase. Hi- sauntered back up the court into the Ktanuinii for awhile at the opening i ij consider what was the next step to take, •iii'.uc lie seemed destined to be foiled at every issue. • ^iiHulfJi'!" He supposed he had better jjfj to -Arundale iu the morning, make his r•.•-. i:n.- known far and wide, and trust that the clamour would sooner or later reach IV;vY tars. W hile he was still considering the matter, sonic one pushed against him in an endeavour to get through the little passage leading into the court, aud in fact nearly knocked him tlown, for Max Schippheim was not nearly as firm on his feet, or as robust as he was in the old Arundale days, when the senior partner reigned supreme. "Christian!" "Uncle Max! They told me you were lost. Can it be possible that I have had a practical joke palmed off upon me:" " Well, I have been away for three months _on an errand on which I never intended to go—been carried off, in fact." " And by whom ! Max Schippheim shrngged his shoulders. " It is strange you know nothing of the matter, Christian." " It was only the day before yesterday I heard by chance from Bertha Yorke, who is staying with friends at Richmond, that you. were absent. I hear but little Arundale news now. I am—well, scarcely as friendly with Lady Muriel as I used to be." "Ah! that is good, very good. And where are you going now?" "To see a certain Peter bwift, who has been to Arundale to make inquiries about you, and is to meet at eight o'clock. " He has not returned. I have been there. " Oh, he will not be long. Let ue go m and wait; meantime, tell me where in Heaven's name you have been all this time." "First tell me, Christian, where is my Patty'/" " Oh, with Mrs. Dobbs in street," " The woman there denies all knowledge of her. I found Paul Brumeau at the door. " Well, this beats everything. I wish Swift would come back." By this time they had reached the landing on which Peter Swift's room was situated. A dim lamp was now burning over the door ; it was evident that he had returned. Still, to their repeated knocking, as before, no answer was given. "This is altogether the most mysterious affair I ever had anything to do with. Why the devil doesn't the fellow open the door r* cried Christian, growing impatient. " Hallo there, Swift—let me in—let me in; I am Christian Meyer, come by your own appointment." ' There was a good deal of shuffling and movement heard inside, and finally the door was opened a very few inches by Peter Swift himself. . „, " I am sorry—it is very inconvenient, he said; " can you not come in the morning ? I have heard nothing at Arundale that will not keep till then." " No, indeed I cannot—I must be back at Aldershot; besides, I have got some one here whose presence will render all further search unnecessary." " Max Schippheim !" exclaimed Peter Swift, as he came forward on to the landing, where the dim flicker of the lamp fell just clearly enough on Max's features to render them recognizable. He held out his hand, which was warmly grasped by the man who called himself Peter Swift. " I did not expect to find you here, Peter, my old friend," said Max Schippheim, with, some emotion. "No. Times have changed with both of us—with you for the better, with me for the worse—since those old days now long syne. Bnt come inside, my good friend—come inside, and tell us all about your wanderings. There is no reason now why the door should be defended." No, indeed, there was not; for scarcely had Max advanced three steps before a small white hand was laid on his shoulder, and Patty, with wide-open eyes brimming over with tears, was gazing into his honest face. He caught her to his heart and kissed away the tears as they glistened on her long lashes, regardless of tne presence of two witnesses, who stood watching them with as much interest as though tney were personally interested in this somewhat unusual love affair. 