^f)e IJlooeKst FOLLOWING UP THE TRACK. ? ♦ ? CHAPTER \^L Continued. When the outcast farmer on the next morn ing entered the dwelling-hoase of Mrs Dwyer, the accustomed * God save all here,' addressed to the widow and her daughter, was spoken in an awicwara ana Hesitating manner, and it was manifest that he came upon some unpleasant mission. ' Good-morrow, kindly' was the genial response. ' But the Lord come betune *is and harm what is the matter with you !* interrogated the hostess. ' One would think you hid seen a ghost ; or might it be that you have some bad news you are afeard to tell, for your face now reminds me of Terence Murray's when he rushed in to say his barn was burned down and all the crops he had on the farm, and that he and his mitherless children must take to the roadside aud beg for Iheir bit and sup, instead of being able to honestly induster as before. ' It is true for you ; I am almost sure I have the bad news, and more's the pity. 'Could it be anything about John?1 mur mured the girl to her mother, while the mant ling colour played for an instant over hci countenance, and then left it pallid in hue. ' The fond heart and the young love are never mistaken, and it is indeed of him I come to make mention. I am certain I have found out what happened to him.' ' Oh, what has happened to him ? where is he ? — two anxious excited voices exclaimed in the same breadth, ' He is beyond the reach of any friend, or the influence of any bad companions. He is dead, and nothing now left to him but the decency of a Christian burial.' There was an agonizing shriek, the falling of a fragile form upon the earthen floor: and after some minutes, suppressed sobs and the more vehement wailing of the widow broke the painful silence. The bearer of the ill news remained motion less and let the tide of emotion run its inevit able course without any attempt at consolation, or even the expression of any sympathy, for he knew how idle it was to attempt to check its progress in its first plentitude and power ; but when an hour had gone past, taking the daughter by the hand, he said to her gently, but yet Bnnly : * I must speak to you, and alone ;' and taking her by the hand, he pro ceeded with her to the haggard. 'Now that no one hears us, I believe, as sure as there is justice in heaven, and One who will bring bad deeds to the light, that it was while in the company of the Brien Spelassy and some strange man, your cousin came by his end.' ' Oh, do you think that they fell out with the poor boy,- and afterwards killed him ?' 'Not exactly that,* but they were in a way his murderers ; for had not the villains tempted him, he would have been to the fore. And you who have met with the first big grief of your young life, will you not promise me — by your father who has gone before you, and by the tenderness you bear to your mother, no matter what you may hear from this time out, ay, even as to myself ; and no matter what you may discover as to any person who may, with out knowing it, have done you a creat wrong. neip me to arag to jusuce those who were the means of bringing shame and disgrace upon a decent name ? Refuse what I ask, and give me the cold answer, and then none shall know where he is unburied, no churchyard be bis sleeping- place.' Mary Dwyer paused a while, as if there was something to be involved in the promise which would hereafter call for some great sacrifice on her part, and she replied : ? Leave them to Him and their consciences, and when their own hour has come, they will feel how great is the wrong they have done you and me. Sorry one of us is without ottr own sins to give an account of, and life enough has been taken without the law going to take more.' ' If it wasn't that you are a woman, I might call you a natural without courage or h^art. Do you think that bloodhounds, once they have torn a lamb to pieces, will stop and destroy no more lainbs ? or that the fellow who has done his worst, and betrayed one of your kind, will sit down and pray that he may live a better life for the time to come ? No ; you will be a sharer in their crimes, if you don't help to put a stop to him. It was only yester I was pas'sing a fair green where there was a show going on, and a crowd of children were looking at u-hat they call a tijer in his cage. If I had opened the door and let -him out to work his will upon them, which of the two of us would have been the greater brute ?' There are persons who ? will', and there are individuals who only ' wish ;' and to the former no obstacles avail to put a limit to their power. To them ' impossible' is a term not known in the vocabulary, and all intervening obstacles are overleaped with marvellous facility. Maurice Power belonged to the former class, now that the pursuit of vengeance had transformed the mere peasant into the avenger. ' As I loved my cousin in life,' said the girf, let my prayers go with his body to the grave. I do not care to hurt any one he never knew or cared to have as a companion ; but you put things before me in a way I would never have seen : so if ever it coinss before a judge or jury, all I know or heard tell of this same Spelassy they shall hear from my lips.' The man had so gained his end. He could not but feel he had been disingenuous in con cealing as yet the fact that it was his hand which took away the life of John Dwyer, but he knew that this disclosure must come in due time ; _ but if made at once it would for ever silence the i^irl whose testimony might become of great value. The interview was closed after the promise had been given, and they parted at the gate of the haggard, for Maurice feared that if b,e remained longer, some change might come over the hesitating resolve of the girl, or that she might declare she would not act otherwise than as her mother should counsel. Great was the excitement in the district when tlie body of John Dwyer was removed to the barrack-yard, in order that an inquest should be held to inquire under what circum stances it had been found in the cave, and when, and how the deadly wound had been inflicted. The inquest was formal but plenti ous one, and like too many inquests, came to nothing, although, as if to prepare the -way for the doing of something practical, and prior to the examination of witnesses, an eloquent dissertation was delivered by the coroner on the rights confetred on the subjects by Magna Charta. The surgeon made his post-mortem examination, as otherwise the authorities would not have been satisfied that life was extinct secundum artem ; but how the wound was inflicted, and by whom, nooneofcours; could tell ; but the jurors looked grave, and with a due sense of what was expected from them, and after some anxious hours they recorded under their hands and seals their verdict, from which however, one of the twelve dissented, 'Found dead.' And just as the excitement consequent on the official proceedings was fading away, a new source of interest was awakeded by the discovery, that at the last great fair of Mulla some cunning forger had been at work, and amid the bundles of notes the farmers brought home in lieu of their herds and pigs, the majority turned out to !-e worthless but clever imitations of the authorised bank ; hut how the counterfeit ones could have l)een so adroitly substituted for the others was an unexplained fact. Mid ' Found at fnnlt' was the verdict re turned by public opinion. 