I DRESS, „ ILL-HEALTH, AND DEFOR- . ' 1"'.' ,;;r ' DOTY.: V i In the "January nuinbor of the Niuotqeqth. Century Mr G. F, \Yatts,- R.A., cpntributes a paper on in3uato in Dress,"- in which he:pro- tests against thq. modern stylo of female attire, rind discusses its effects on the health and figure of women. The paper is a lengthy one, arid is well Worthy pqrusal j but,forthe;benefit,of those aC Hnn Jnwa ftlllrt mm? nnl DAQ fllA nAMftfllriftl Ul. UUl ICUrUDia tuiw "WW WWW MIW jvwt . containing itj : we have extraoted some of the riiost interesting passages. Tho writer says :— ; " One thing only appears to be a permanent idea, that a very small waist is a beautiful thing, ri thing to be attained at the expense of health rind comfort and good sense: A small waist is only pretty whon harmonising with youthfulness and general slightness j but when the shoulders spread ribovo and the hips jut out below, a small Waist is riothing but a deforriiity, and it is only becauqe inodorn men arid women grow up accus tomed to such departure from nature and grace of lino, that the.deformity is not only tolerated liut admired. The. expression 'good tasto' has come to bo used seriously for much that is in the Worst1 possible taste — alas! for- art, and alas 1 for inany: things that bolorig to the beautiful arid noble. With more regard to what belongs to true distinction in matters of taste, fashion would riot Ho 'less free to indulge in freaks and pleasantries that would relieve dulncss and add interest tri the pussirig show. . . .There is. nothing to be said qgaiqt thq taqte.pf thq. savage wlieri lie decorates liimsclf with shells and feathors. These things are but superadded, wholly distinct from his form, leaving tho man a specimen of tho human being ) but wo are pro voked to laughtor or disgust when he flattons his head and stretches his lips and ears out of place and proportion. So any variety in shape and colour of gown and bonnet within limits tliat inay be defined will be interesting and pleasurable ; 'but when an accomplished lady deliberately. setB about distorting tho Bliapo of her foot and body iH is more surprising, arid, if not opntemptible, diatressirig, than the prqfqr.qpico fatuglinfiss dis. playfld by the savage ; for the delicate or culti- vated lady does know,, or ought to knopr,. better, and ought to be guided by some sense of beauty and fitnpss. Love of beauty, oven when it leads to tho desire of pqssessipg it and making sonje oft'orts aftor such possession, is not unhpq|t)iy, and belongs, to thp loye of approbation, in tho ab sence of which society would become very angular ; but unhealthy lqvq of display qnij esjrq (0 p'rp- duco effect, , np' riiattep by prjiat pqvicq rind pt what cost of good tastle and good sense, for the object of attracting .notice, is a-' quality- so ugly aud vain that it will destroy the true power oven of the greatest beauty, and leads the riiost civilised societies into monstrous oxtravagarices iti fashion." Mr Watts quotes the Greek canons of human proportion, which are the highest authority on the subject1:— ' ' " Thoy divided a perfectly beautiful human figure into ten or eight ' payta— ten if the face wore taken as the divider, eight if the head — the faco into throe parts, viz. from tho root of the hair to the spring of thq nose, one; the nose, one ; arid one from the nose to the bottom of the chin ; from the root of. the hair to the top of tho hond gave the fourth part, and constituted what is technically called a head. To the heroic human figuro were given eight heads or fen faces, varying wonderfully little in the lengths; in like manner' by heads or parts of heads wore measured the length and breath of the upper and lower extremities,- and also of the trunk." The most Berious part of the subject is de clared by Mr Watts to be,, tho use of the cor set: — .... "Women, especially those of .the upper classes, who are not obliged to keep themselves in condition by work, lose after middle age (sometimes earlier) a considerable amount of their height, not by stqopiqg, as iriondo, bqt by actual collapse, sinking aown, mainly to be attri buted to the pqrishipg of the muscles that sup port tho framo, in consequence of habitual and constant pressure of stays, and dependence upon the artificial support by them afforded. Every girl who . wears stays, that press upon these muscles, and restrict the free development of. the fibres that form thorn, relieving them from thoir natural duties of supporting tho spine," indeed in capacitating them from so doing, may feel sure she is preparing hersoif to be a dunipy woman. A great pity ! Failure of. health airiong women when the vigour of youth passes away is but too patent, and but too commonly caused by this practice. .Let, the. man who admires the piecoof pipe that does duty for a human body picture to himself tho pasted form and seamed skip. Most women, from long custom of wearing these stays are really unaware how much they are hampered and restricted. A girl of 20, intended by Na ture to bo one of her finest specimens, grqvejy assures one that her stays are. not "tight, beirig exactly tho same size as those she wqg first put into, not perceiving her condemnation in the fact that she has siuce grown five inohqs in height and two- in ehouldor breadth ; her stays are not too tight because' tho constaut pressure has preventeg tlie natural development of heart and lung space;7 'The dainty waist of the poets is precisely that flexible slimness .that- is de stroyed by stays. The form resulting from them is not slim, but a piece of pipe, and as inflexible. But while endeavouring to make clear the out rage upon practical good sense and sense of beauty, it is necessary to understand aud admit the whole state ,of the case. -- A reason, if not a necessity, .for some sort of corset may bo found when the form is very redundant; this, how ever, canuot.be with the very young and slight, but all that necessity could demand, and that practical good sense and fitness would concede, could be found in a strong elastic kind of jersey, sufficiently strong and even stiff under the bust to support it, an/sufficientlyelastjo at. the sid.es and back to" injure "no. organ's rind impede no functions.. Even in the case of the young and slight anclastiqbandunder the false ribs wouldnot be injurious, but perhaps the contrary, serving as a constant hint to keep tho chest' well for ward and tho shoulders brick ; but every stiff un yielding machine, crushing tho ribsand destroy ing the fibre qf muscle, will bo fatal to health, jo freedom of movement, arid' to beauty ; it is scarcely too much to say that the wearing of such amounts to stupidity; in those who do riot know- the consequences (for over and over again warn ing has been given) and to wickedness in those who do. There ought to be no such thing as a' waist as now understood: In early youth flexible slimness is a natural characteristic, later it does pot commonly exist, being replaced Hy a beauty of greater dignity ; arid when a small waist is formed by art it is at. the expense of health rind beauty. Every . young lady who compresses lier waist out of its natural shape and size should be made to understand that she does it at her poril, whether she feols the pressure or not, for from habit shq;niay_. not.be. at .all.. time3 con scious of it ; she should know that she will pay a fearful price in loss of health and height and elasticity of movement, without, which' tliore can pe no healthy pleasure qnd no real Heauty1"-\ ' I The Ghpst or : theTotle'ries.— 1 The Tuilerios liad its ghpst, and it' was'a iocal, not a family spirit. Tljis is a nice' arid iniportrint difference, and the wan t of due attention to it has' some times led;(o difficulties!" 'A friend of the writer who had tpken chambers in Lincplri's-inn on the' express urideistiuiding that they' were haunted, was disgusted to find that the ghost disappeared' with tho lpte occupant. . He was. in the 'ririturq,' of personal.property it appears, whqreqs tlio new tenant held that the use of hiin was iricludqd in the purchase of: the fixtures-r-thrit he was ''in the walls," in fact, with other visitants of the midnight hour. The Red Man of the. Tuileries, on, the 'contrary, Has appeared . rill through ; the history: ; of . the building, though iri the stirring" time before the Ro- yolutionho"iva"s "naturally more often on duty. He used to be seen at deal of night leaning in a sombre fashion with folded arms over the stair-< cases, or at brio of the great windows overlook- ipg Paris. ; :A few days before the 10th Angust, ?|Iario Antoinette's women rushed into her apart- ment to tell her that they had just seen. him in tho guard-room during the absence of the guard. He looked stedfastly at them with a face of un- S'tterablo woe. Ho was last seen during the ommune,: .The old watchman who had chargo cjf the building was going his rounds one night,; when he became aware of a scarlet- clad figure ia tjio gloom rikulking behind one of the pillars. He made' for if, but it seomed to pass round the pillar and disappear. . He looked about every where, but there was nothing. The old man had his own reasons for thinking that he might Have been deceived on this occasion ; so he tpok nothing but coffee after dinner next night bpforo. jriakmg. lua rounds, yet there was the Red Man . agairi. f This time ho was leaning ipoditativeiy on Iris arm; and looking down on JEjaris. ' Tho watoliman shouted at him ;- he tprned round,. facod him with the same look of iqy woo, and disappeared. The old man ran for help, late, as it was, and they made a thorough search of the place, . /They did find Bomethiug red ; their search ended, as thoy saw the. first glare of the incendiary fire that was to reduce the Palace.of the Tuillqries to a heap of ruins. I M. Gamdetta's Eye".— So many Btories (the Ijancot says) have bqon told concerning M. Gam- bptta's eye -that it becomes necessary to .ro- eptablish tho. t-rub facts of the case. " Tho most pppular . account is that M. , Gambetta, when quite a Hoyidostrbyedilris eye because his father, refused to take him away from sohool ; and this is. rolatod as a proof of his determined character. This version has, however, tho disadvantage of bping absolutely false. The injury was duo tq an. accident when ho was a boy. A tool escaped from tho hands of a workman in a; turner's shop, and struok Gambotta in the face, blinding him in one eye. In the course oi years tho antorior part of tho globe gradually dilated and becamo so large that ho could no lcpiger close, tho eyelids. In 1867. the eye was removed by tlie celebrated oculist, De Wockor. .Do VVooker'vpfosorvbd.the'eyebuf he ultimatoly lent it to tho histologiat,'- Professor Iwnnoff, re- , marking aj tho timo that it was the eye of a man destined he was sure to enact an important part in the history of his country. Two years ago Pro- fosrior Iwanpff diod at Mqntone, having still in hjs pqsqqsqion Gambetta's eye. This relic togother'with Professor Iwanoffs collection, was handod ovor to his most devoted pupil, the P|i|ce Chaplcs of Bavaria, brother of tho Em- preps of Apstfia and f t)iq ex-Queen of NapleB. Thus tho eye of tho statesman and patriot who, as Dictator, contributed more than any one else to raisp armieq and rpsist the German invasion, is now in tho hands of a Gorman prince. A little boy asked his father what an employment agontisj to wlrioh the father repliod, "Why, my son,_ an employ men t- agent is a man who is very anxious to get work for others to do. He himself novor wants any." ' A Distinctly Bad Hand. — Some one was one day rallying Cougrpssman Lefevro on eccentric ehirograpby. " I ought to writo Hotter, that's a faot," he replied. " Why, somo time ago I wrote to a man, thanking him for a clipping cut from a newspaper about mo, and asking him the name and date of tho paper, and he rpplied, ' I am much obliged for your advice, and will follow it, believing that my claim will go through and I will at last got my pension.' ' ' — Dubuque Independent. 