When, the polling" is all oyer, the scrutineering's done, And a candidate's in clover 'Cos he thinks that he has won Cometh then the unexpected straight "hot coffee," sir, If unscrupulous be the Returning' Officer. What cores he for acts illegal, So he wins for his own party ? In a manner, that is regal, Autocratic, bold and hearty. And if gratitude he in his Chief, why, strangers Well, to make rhyme, let us speak of Crown Lands Rangers. Let Mmsoorn all actions normal, Let him Law'b rules override, Let him cheat-count votes informal, If they tell against his side ! You may keep the law to friend, l>ut unto foe you don't Pawn your honor for your politics, like [No, you don't!] . There appears to "be a great probability of Foxtail's election for Carnarvon being upset, if I am to believe a number of letters I have received from voters in that district. I have been favored with many com munications concerning certain doings at that election ; and one gentleman has -so excited himself over the recital of the same, that his wrath has found vent in heart-breaking verse. The facts briefly related to me are these . During Mr. Foxton's canvass of the district, a quantity of liquor was distributed amongst the Pike dale station hands-so much so, indeed, that the men became incapacitated for their work. The Manager, incensed thereat, waited upon the local publican, and charged him with .nefariously supplying the grog, declaring, further, that his con duct should be brought before the Licensing Bench. Whereupon, the publican asserted-and he still so asserts-that the liquor had been paid for by Mf; Foxton, and distributed according to that gentleman's instructions. . Mr. O'Siillivan thinks the case to be a good enough one to be submitted to the arbitrament of the Elec tions and Qualifications Committee. Last weelk I published a divisional list of the names of the Members of the new Parliament, giving my calculations of what I was careful to designate as the "legislative strength" of either side. I made Sam out as having a sound majority of 5 votes. Though I was careful to state that Sam would have a much more telling majority on his motion for a vote of want of confidence, yet my statement has given rise to a great deal of controversy. I have been literally inundated with letters disputing and arguing concerning the soundness of my conclusions. There are three names which I . placed on the M'Hwraith side, the owners of which (say the most of my correspondents) are not M*Ilwraithians, but Griffithites. These names are-J. Hurley, I). S. Wallace, and C. B. Button. Taking H'urly. Well, I dunnd. He is really neither fish, flesh, nor good red herring. I dunno what Hur ley's politics are-if he has any beyond his fad about barmaids. I don't think he has settled down to solid political convictions yet. I believe he will vote against Mac. on the want of confidence motion, and afterwards be found mostly voting with him. ? Not that, individually, I can understand such an anomaly, but I find that such a course is approved .of by many politicians, who Bay that it should be turn and turn about in politics, and that Sam is entitled to an official spell, although personally they prefer Mac. I repeat that I cannot understand the adoption of such a course, but I know that the feeling largely exists. Anent Wallace. The action of the incoming Min istry means pecuniary life or death in Queensland to Wallace, -who must necessarily have a very anxious time in deciding the particular course he will steer. The leases of that fat Peak Downs country which Wallace now holds will fall in within the next few months. Mac. thinks the land should be resumed for the use of the people. Griffith, oh the other hand, has been profuse in electioneering promises that he will never dare to carry out / The dilemma for Wallace will be embarrassing. Will he take the Mac. horn or the Sam horn ? My opinion is thkt D. S. W. will sit on the fence until he sees definitely which way the cat is going to jump. One element must be taken mto consideration. He . is a squatter pure and simple, and his sympathies are VagQinst Queen Street narrowness. As to Duttop; C; B. Duttori is a theorist. He is an excellent man-at the Too?w>ng Debating Club. He is an excellent man-when in possession of the chair, and having no one able to contradict h}m. I should, however, very much lite Button to open up a controversy with me in the FIGARO columns, so that I might argue with him, and so that the public might iudge between us. , . , The fact is that Dutton has read, and almost learned by heart, Henry- Georges book, "Progress and Poverty." In season and out of season, he quotes this favorite author-without, sometimes, acknow ledging that he is quoting. # The other day, I sent a representative to the loo wong Institute. Dutton, on that occasion, made one of his characteristic theoretical speeches that " knocked " his audience, and, in stage parlance, " brought down the house." My reporter assures me that Dutton quoted from memory about three pages of Henry George's book, but then the audience did not recognise it ! Dutton's particular fad is that no land should ever be alienated-that the State should be the sole land lord-and that the land now alienated should be re-purchased by the Crown at times as may be arranged, and then leased out at rentals that would pay the interest on the outlay. I am not quite sure what he proposes to do respecting the improvements on the land. I may also state, in fairness, that I did not hear this theory explained by Dutton himself, but by an intimate friend of his, which friend was probably as foggy concerning it as I am myself. Now, C. B. D., if you care about fame, FIGABO'S columns are open to you. Wade in arid get your name up. In the meantime, T write you down as more of a M'Hwraithian than a Griffithite. In the Burnett election a Teutonic-cum-Chinkie phalanx was, after a fierce struggle, fairly beaten by the Progressists of the district. However, under the able Returning Officership of John Connolly, who acted with that consistency, per fas et nefas, that has made his aetions proverbial-the defeat was declared a victory. No matter how humiliating and hollow the victory may be, no matter how it may tarnish the Teutonic-cum- Chinkie cause temporarily served, it must be regarded as a victory for the time being. Returning Officer Connolly was required by the law to declare the poll from, the statements furnished by the Presiding Officers, together with his own return. I ask any sensible man-Did Connolly do this ? There is only one answer-No. Therefore, he'acted arbitrarily and outside, the law. It is said that the Teutonic-eum-Chinkie brigade were well under the influence of a certain Alderman and the eldest son of the Returning Officer. When all the statements but that from Coonambula had been received, the Progress candidate was one ahead, and consternation filled the souls of the Stags. One vote for Moreton that had previously been declared informal by Connolly was then* thought of, and the Attorney-General's reply to a wire soon set the scores level. v : But when the Coonambula returns came in, the Ministerialist was once more ahead-three ahead. Suddenly, the Returning ;Officer discovered that he hid the power to ignore and revise the statements of the Presiding Officers-that, in fact, in him were vested the powers and functions of an Elections and Qualifications Committee! Therefore, he revised the whole of the votes. One Gayndah toting paper in favor of Moreton bore the name of the voter who had used it. It, however, repassed as formal, while five Coonambula papers, which had the initials of the Opposition scrutineers upon them (!), were declared to be clearly informal (!!). Sauce for the Moreton : goose was evidently, in Connolly's biassed opinion, not sauce for the Stuart gander. The Attorney-General was again wired, and he advised that the votes must be accepted. But this time* Connolly averred that he "wouldn't take Chubb's authority on anything." Yet he had taken it when favorable to Moreton. . If someone doesn't get that Crown Lands Ranger ship, Sam is the most ungrateful political chief Queensland has ever turned out. I HAVE seen an affidavit made by Xeen, scrutineer for B. B. Moreton at Coonambula, in which, it was stated that Keen was told by Connolly* the Returning Officer, to initial the Coonambula voting piapers. Keen says that he can prove that he was told this in the presence of others. Now, after Seen had obeyed Returning Officer Connolly's instructions, Connolly declared these Coonambula votes illegal, because theu were initialled as he himself directed. I wouldn't like to come to the conclusion that Connolly deliberately gave false instructions in order that he might be able upon an emergency to declare the votes informal. " It is further asserted that Connolly, having given these instructions to Keen, neglected to comply with that portion of the Elections Act which directs that a copy of the Act must be sent to every Presiding Officer. No copy of the Act was sent to Coonatnbula, so that the Presiding Officer there wais unable to determine whether the instructions given to Keen were correct or not. All this places Connolly in a very dirty hole. THE honorable B. B. Moreton has always been recognised as being honorable by nature as well as by title. He cannot honorably sit in the House as a representative of the minority of Burnett^ electors, foisted unfairly into Stuart's seat, and, I believe, that he does intend to resign immediately the House meets. This was only what all who know him expected from the honorable- truly honorable-gentleman. J. M. MACBOSSAN has been selected as a Queensland delegate to attend the "Irish National Conference" which will open in Melbourne on the 7th of next month. Now, our own Parliament meets on the 6th proximo. To which meeting will Mac. give the preference? LUMLEY HILI affirms that he " has changed his leader but not his principles." According to him, then, his present leader must have done all the . changing of principles necessary to account for Lum ley's present position. Lumley further promises, if elected, " to be a thorn in Mac.'s side." My festive old Lumley, there's no doubt A thorn you're, whether ill or out. But how can we who've seeu your tricks, Put faith now in your politics? The Member who's once changed his men, Might easily change them back again, Come, do you think that we ore really on To help a dodging old chameleon ? Lay not that unction to thy breast, You'dj better, Lumley, " give it best!" Of course, the Griffith banquet at G-ympie, would not have been complete without a thundering oration from the ever-great J. T. Annear. There was a ludicrous sequel to his effort on this occasion.' In his excitement-you know the style, dear boy, constant and wild table-thumping and foot-stamping-he had unconsciously edged his chair away from the table, and after he had wound up with, a peroration of grandiloquence, he suddenly and energetically flopped down-on to the floor! However, he fell soft, and nothing was wounded except his dignity. V LUMLEY HILL hasn't the ghost of the shadow of a chance in in the Cook. His is only the infatuation of illimitable vanity. . . Though such men as Lumley are Good at rolling cunning log, Tet I'm sure he's arter far Swilling like the fabled frog. There is nought on earth, old hoss, 'Lumley thinks he cannot boss. Now, he teaches Archie Forbes, . . Next, he conquers M'Hwraith, " Then, the Cook he just absorbs, - While directing Sam, satis scaith. Politics were tumbly-f umbly, Had not Queensland got its Lumley! Would'st be a martyr for thy country's good, dear Kellet ? To some such thing noethiriks thou dost aspire. ; Then take my tip-Go pawn thyself, dear Kellet, And lose the ticket in thy kitchen fire. THIS was. amongst my POLITICAL STBAWS of last week: One of Tom Campbell's staunchest supporters, if not, indeed, his very staunchest supporter, in Tom's candidature for the Cook, is the veteran D. P. Thomas, of Port Douglas. I think the Biblical word Didymus, my dear Thomas, would suit well to describe your friend Tom's chances of success. 'Scats! Get ready the bookjack, For where there are So many Toins to hoot, Jack, * We must prepar*. I am happy to state that this isn't so. D. P. Thomas explains that he is a warm personal friend of Tom Campbell, but that his politics are diametrically opposed to that of the candidate. He received Tom Campbell warmly as his guest solely oh account of private friendship, and the presence of his name amongst lists of Campbell's committeemen and supporters was quite unauthorised; This statement clear of D.P.T. Does not Tom Campbell's show enhance j In fact,. it puts him ,up a tree Port Douglas was Ms only chance 1 J. E. DICKSON, M.L.A., was to have left London last Friday, the 12th inst., per B.M.S.-Rome for Sydney. JACK HAMILTON seems to have won full favor at Port Douglas, which is the stronghold of what * opposition there is to JTwed. Cooper. 