MR. BIXBY'S BATHING SUIT. Mn. Bixby's bathing suit certainly was a very handsnino bathing suit, and Mr. Bixby, being a very handsome mau, looked well in it. It sometimes occurred tn Mrs. Dix by, that elie would he ijuiteas well plcaBcdif thia wero not so, and if she did not sn often hear of his ligur ing in the crowd of bather, who played thc mermaid at Splaahtown beach, morning .ind afternoon. . ' ' ' ' ' - ' ' 'Mrs.' Bixby Vas stiVc he was not so foriri of ducking her under the waves. On those rare occasions when she did'* go in, "he allowed her to hob up and down, ' clutching at the rope for ia .while, and/then asked ber, very curtty, if she " wasn't tired of it ?" She generally van the to tell truth. Under such circumstances who would not have been ? Mr. Bixby was one of those hcauty-incn who generally snub their female relatives, and keep their charms for society ; but, besides this, he bore his wife a particular grudge. She was the niece of seven very old au ts and uncles, all immensely rich, and all " very fond of Matilda." But p<rhnps they were not ss fond of Matilda's husband, for since their marriage six af them had died, without leav- ing her a penny. With each demise Mr. Bixby grew less affectionate. " He married mc for my expectations, uo doubt," poor Matilda thought to herself, os she regarded in thc mirror, a conn tenaceo that had no particularly fine features ; and ehe, too, thought of thc thousand that might have been hera, if she had married some one more agreeable to her family. She sat on thc porch alone, this pleasant July day, after Mr. Bixby had gouc gallantly away seaward, with the little waterproof satchel in which bc carried hiß bathing-suit, and Turk iel. towels, and thought of many things, and fell into such a deep brown study, that when some one adrcssed her with :"Your letters. Mrs, Bixby," BIIC started, and gave a little cry. *' Did I frighten you ?" said the voice of a fellow-boarder. " I didn't know you were Dei vous. / am dreadfully, but you are al- ways S') composed. It is only to give you your letters, I brought them from the office" "Thank you,"said Mrs. Bixby, "I think I must have been asleep," and as thc other lady passed on elie turned the missives over in her lap. There were five of them ; otic, a letter with a black seal. Mrs. Bixby tore it open, ; It was as she had expected. Ber Uncle Jedediah, aged ninety, was dead. That was \ sad. ! Mrs. Hixfoy took out ber handkerchief, ! and read on. Her uncle bail left all bis money tn thc Asylum liir Attorney's Orphans. This was sadlier etill. The handkerchief was wet in au instant, and as her tears fell, Mr. Bixby's voice fell on her ear. "i've como bask, Tilly. I promised to wait for some one who ia going to tho beach.' Von have letters !" ' Mrs.' Bixby - wiped her eyes, and gave him those1 with bia name upon their envolopes. 'He simply held them, staring at the blsck edged paper in her hand. VHow you like to torment me, Tilly,''he said at last," what news have yon !" " Uncle is dead," she answered. "Well:!" ? .'. : "He has left his money toa charity, ' sob- bed Hrs, Bixby. Mr. Bixby muttered an oath, and marched away. In the hall, of the hotel a lady of faBcinatfug air, and little pencilled lines, tinder her haod . some eyes, met him-probably by accident. The two went toward thc beach together ¡Biking carancstly. "Certainly, he married me for my expec- tations, "said Mrs. Bixby, and went to her room to weep with more freedom. She did not oven go down to dinner that eveniug, and Mr. Bixby did nut come up to ask why. About Midnight there was consternation iu the hotel. Mrs. Bixby was making inquirires about Mr. Bixby, and tho last seen of him was in the water. Various person knew of hts entering it in his handsome bathing dress. . Nobody had seen bimcomcout. There wasgreat excitement with the coming drawn. Various young ladiesreported him as " swimming beautifully at'five o'clock. He had tried to teach one to swim. It wai evident that he was drowned. Mrs. Bixby was going from one room into another upstairs, and calling on her dear, darling lovely Augustus, to forgive her her coldness, Sympathetic ladieB filled the room, docters were called in, and reporters were jotting down paragraphs. ' Meanwhile another letter, with a black sea! addressed to Mrs. Bixby, arrived at the hotel. When she was able to read in, she did so. It' was from her lawyers. .later will other Uncle Jedediah's had been discovered. He had taken a dislike to one of than trustees of the " Attorneys' Orphans." and had left all; his fortune to his ''dear niece, Matilda Bixby." " If poor Augustus had but lived to shara it," sobbed the widow. But, after all, it was a consolation. She remained at the hotel all winter, visited by grave legal gentlemen, and wearing the deepest weeds. In Spring she boron i>ht a cot- tage near the beach, furnished it luxuriously and became a regular summer resident. Wealthy, flattered, courted, she became quite handsome. Attentions were showered upon her. Serious offer were made for her hand. At length Jenkins, tho reporter, mentioned, in a long-winded paragraph, the facts of her " Romantio History ;" how her fortune had been left her when she was plunged in agonies of grief, how mach her " residence " was worth and what her crape cost a yard. And one suitor, more persistent than the other, would himself about her heart. She had determind to remain a window, but she was very lonely. She had vowed to marry no handsome man. This mau whom she preferred was not handsome, he had one crossed eye and a dub foot ; but Matilda belived that she Bhould be perfectly happy with him. Her morlining faded into lilae silk and vio- lets, white tulle and pansies. And one day she walked upon the beach, slowly making up her mind as to the form in which her accept tance of a written offer, which she had re- cto ved, should be couched, when, looking out upon the sea, ber eyes met an object which petrified her with amzemont. It was simply a swimmer, who, having gained a spot where tho water was only up to his waist, was advancing towards her ; but the surprising point ia this otherwise very ordinary object was was that it wore Mr. Bixby'e bathing costume. His wife knew it too well to be mistaken. Had she not embroidered that pattern on thc collar herself ? Was not that braid made to order f Were not the buttons some which had descended from thc past ? Real gold buttons-too good, Mrs. Bixby bad over and over again averred, for a bathing suit. The window turned faint as she gazed for not only did she knowthe dress, but the handsome head above it. She knew that it was Mr. Bixby's ghost. Her limbs failed her. She sat down on the aand, and hid her face in her trembling hands Hut now a splashing sound of feet treading, the damp beach roused her She looked up The Bpectre stood beside her, looking very solid indeed, for a ghost, and it spoke and said : " Don't be frightened, Tilly, dear. I am not an apparition. I am your own Augustus. l,ook up." And feel exhausted-or so it seemed to Matilda-at her side. .Matilda shrieked, clasped him in her arms, I wet as he was ; sobbed that the joy of that moment would be too much for her, and never thought for a moment of marvelling how a gentleman who had disappeared in the sea ehould walk out of it alive and unharmed a yearafterwards. ' But Mr. Bixby explained, nevertheless. He J had Bwam out too far, and been picked up by a boat attached to a whaling vessel-the Sea Gul!, Captain Brown-he was careful to ex- plain ; bad been ill and delirious for weeks, and only recovered to find the ship driving before a fearful gale, which wrecked her in mid-ocean. With seven others he took to a raft, and was caBt on a deserted island, where he had since lived in his bathing suit, subsist- ing on shell-fish and berries. And how at last, knowing himself to be a good swimmer, he had resolved to make ft bold stroke for life, "And here I am," added Mr. Bixby.' l'oor Matilda, crediting every word of his abominable falsehood, again embraced him. " And what must have been your struggles, my poor wife?" sighed the husband. Then Matilda astonished him by an account of her legacy, and conducted bim home, to the amazement of every one who met them-joy iu her eyes and in her poor, honest heart. Left alone in his apartment while the faith- ful wife prepared beef tea and other restara-. tives, for the individual she had recently been in the habit of alluding to as " her sainted husband," Mr. Bixby indulged in astonishing fits of silent laughter, and several times re- located to himself : "Hang itt Waa there ever auch a fool as Tilly!" and a tramp who wandered on the shore was at the same time overjoyod by the discovery of a rather seedy suit of clothes in the pockets of which, beside several reproach- ful pink notes, signed Rosaile, be found a Chicago newspaper in which the enterprising reporter's account of Mrs. Bixby'a " romantic, history," ber good fortune,' and her seaside mansionc had been faithfully copied. However, Mr. Bixby, having a good deal in her power, was not as often snubbed in the filter as she had been in tho past. Her husband no longer flirted in brr presence, and she considers herself an exceeding happy woman, and is very fond of repeating the story of Mr. Bixby's adventures, she has no doubt the whole world belivcs as thoroughty as she does. 