The Sketcher CAVES [By F.W.H.] A short time back, having occasion to visit the Chudleigh district, during which time, extending over several weeks, I embraced the opportunity of seeing the caves in the vicinity, for which the dis- trict has gained somewhat of a repu- tation, had repeatedly heard of their sur- prising beauty and had determined, should an occasion offer to see them, to embrace it. The present opportunity was more es- pecially opportune, for several friends very kindly, at some personal incon- venience, offered to accompany me and point out their most, to them, remarkable characteristics and prominent features. This visit, although not really so thorough as I should have wished, gave me such unbounded satisfaction and pleasure that it will be long ere the impression their examination made upon my mind is eradicated. Although, I have but little doubt, most of the readers of your widely circulated paper have heard, and many have enjoyed a visit thereto, it has oc- curred to me that a condensed and run- ning account of my pleasurable excursion, together with some few notes on caves in general and their contents in other parts of the world, might be of somewhat more than passing interest, especially to those who may contemplate a visit there in the summertime. I may state that the latter are abbreviated from such works as are at my disposal, and are collated by the curiosity my visit to Chudleigh fo- mentod. The time of the year was alto- gether favourable, the air being cool and bush flowers had ceased blooming, their place being taken by the pretty native berries - so characteristic of our autumn season. With a change of clothes, and after a good substantial breakfast before old Sol had raised his head above the surrounding hills, our party, numbering five individuals, started from the Wesley- dale estate for the old and more gene- rally known caves. Our route layover well cultivated fields, substantially en- closed by post-and-rail and log, fences. About half a mile from our destination we arrived at the homestead of a German family, one of whose sons was to be our guide, in which capacity he showed a thorough acquaintance with the locality, and was generally kind and attentive during the trip, and did all in his power to make himself and excursion charge requires a word of passing censure. Still a thorough knowledge of the intri- cate caverns is only gained by long prac- tice and assiduous application, and, per- haps, should be properly remunerated. Reaching the extremity of the cultivated fields, the aperture of the first cave in the face of the lime stone hill, about which there is a straggling growth of musk, myrtle, ferns, and other indigenous plants, is somewhat abruptly reached by a short but rather steep declivity, through, which is a rapidly flowing stream of whose intense coldness we had not an over pleasant experience in crossing. This, the first of the old caves, is worth a visit alone from town to see, and the guide informed me he conld take me over its many chambers and passages for five or six hours without even then seeing them all, each having its own especial beauty to surprise the visitor. I spent some con- siderable time here, and felt as though I could never tire of the examination of this superb and mystic freak of nature. The greater portion of this cavern consists of long, intricate passages, forming a perfect labyrinth. They are generally about 12 feet wide, 15 to 20 feet high, and 30 to 50 yards long. Then there are numerous branch passages of various sizes from those in all directions. There are numerous openings of various sizes to the outside world, the apertures being covered with luxurious growth of vege- tation, comprising some of our most ex- quisitely graceful ferns, musk, myrtle, and among the smaller growth those fond of botanising may revel in many of the most attractive forms of our native flora. I noticed among others the native pepper (Tasmania aromatica), Lilac (Tetratheca glandulosa), Fuchsia (Cornea speciosa) ; a purple berry (Billardiera longiflora) ; a blue berry (Drymophila cranocarpa), and many others too numerous to mention. Mosses, small ferns, and lichens, are also in great profusion, as is generally the case in our virgin forest, altogether forming a picture too grand and beautiful for words, to express - on the one hand the sombre tinted cavernous depths, and on the other the harmonising tints of vegetable life. In some parts of the caves we could hear water far below us rushing madly along. It can be reached in dry summer months, but at the time of my visit we could not do so. After spending some time here we made a start for the Great Water Cave, something, like a quarter of a mile, distant at the upper extremity of a narrow, ravine, through which flows the stream which issues from its mouth. This stream extends throughout its whole length. The water is too deep in winter to admit of entrance, but at the time I visited it it, was about two feet deep in most places. This cave, as I am informed, is about four miles in length, but owing to the water I was unable to get further than two miles. The other part, is yet more beautiful. About half a mile from the entrance the stalactites pendant from the roof, which varies in height- from ten to fifty feet or more, are grandly beautiful ; but I believe those further in its dark recesses are still more so, not having been so pitilessly destroyed and injured by visitors, some of whom seem to have, taken pleasure in destroying everything, that came in their way. In the Sassafras, caves, which are also worth a visit, about , six miles from these, a party of young, men amused themselves by smashing, and, destroying some of the most beautiful stalactites, the floor being covered with their fragments. Yet, so far, no one has tried to put a stop to this destruction at the hands of these modern Vandals. But it should be done before it is too late, for when once destroyed these natural beauties can never be replaced. The opening to the Water Cave is about 12 feet high, and 40 feet wide. At a con- siderable distance from the entrance light is admitted by two openings in the roof, these being the only ones throughout the extent of the cave. Several hundred yards beyond these openings the full beauty of the cave, is met with ; stalactites of varying form, and always beautiful in their snowy whiteness, are on every hand. In some places they assume, the form of elegant and flowing drapery, and in others beautiful net work in fold over fold, and, shaded from grey, or brownish colour to purest white. On our way we passed many chambers, all more or less de- manding our examination from their at tractiveness, branching from the main passage, but our time was too short for extended examination. In some places the roof is nearly 50 feet in height, in others so low that we had to crawl through a small aperture, the next mo- ment entering a chamber so vast that we could scarcely see the roof by the lights from our torches. One spot is called the Registry office, where visitors generally inscribe their names. This has been done to such an extent that it was with diffi- culty we found space enough to write ours on. I remember once reading a visitors remarks on the Chudleigh Caves, and among other, things he says:— 'To attempt to describe them must be as Murillo, the Spanish painter, said, ' To define the infinite and depict the incon- ceivable, those who have not seen them I can form no idea of what they are like, and those who have will never forget them. Were they situated at Cheltenham, or Malvern, or Westmoreland, in England they would attract all Europe. The next cave I visited is some little distance from the above-mentioned. It is quite new, and can only be examined by special permission of Mr. Arthur Pickett, on whose property it is situated. Through his kindness and courtesy I was enabled to explore it, Mr. Pickett himself being my guide. The entrance to this cave is a pit-like opening on the ridge of a lime-stone hill, and is almost hidden by vegetation. In fact, unless special at- tention was drawn to the opening it would not attract the notice of the casual observer. The aperture has almost perpendicular sides, something like 15 feet in depth. We descend by the aid of a long sapling, but a rope would be more effectual. Reaching the bottom of this pit it is neces- sary to crawl through a wide but very low opening in one of the side walls. This extends for about twenty yards and then opens into a large cave, when a magnifi- cent scene of wonderful beauty bursts on the view. When the lights are hold over- head stalactites of every form and size, are seen hanging like glistening icicles from the festooned roof, some having the appear- ance of inverted cones, others glistening semi-transparent tubes from a quarter of an inch thick, and five feet in length, to twenty inches in thickness ; some like high pillars, formed by the stalactites meeting with their opposite stalagmite, appearing as though supporting the roof. I think this stalacmitic cave, in its virgin freshness is the grandest sight I have ever seen in my life. Suddenly extinguishing our torches, glow-worms could be seen thickly dotted over the cavern, emitting a faint blue phosphorescent light, making a sight, to me, unique and novel, remind- ing me of the glittering stars on a dark, cloudless night. Were it not for the glow-worms' dim light all would be quite dark. Not a ray of other light enters this secluded and superbly beautiful spot. Here, most strange to say, we found a vast accumulation of the bones of animals. In one spot, being more than a foot deep, I found the remains of several species. In one place I counted over sixteen skulls, some quite fresh looking, and others again incruated with stalag- mite, many being aglutinated to one another. I collected a considerable quantity, with a number of shells of land molluscas (Helix lampra, Bulimun Vufrcsnei, and others). These were for- warded to Dr. Higgins and Mr. W. F. Petterd, who, after careful examination have contributed a paper to the Royal Society of Tasmania on this somewhat interesting discovery. Among the bones they found the remains of the kangaroo (Halmaturus Bennettii), wallaby (H. Billardieri), two species of kangaroo rats (Potorous Murimus and Bettongia cuni- cidus), wombat (Phascolomys Wombat), two species of opossums (Trichosurus, vulpina and Pseudochrua cookei), and two species of gnawing rats (Mus- vachyurus and M. castaneus), but no traces of carnivorous maraupialia (Thylacinus, &c.;). The animals probably gain entrance by falling into, the pit-like entrance, and become entrapped, and these bones are the accumulation of ages. Passing on deeper into the cave we found, still strange to say, an enormous form of spider (Theridian troglodytes) living on the stalactites in this perpetual darkness. They are somewhat of a large size, measuring from tip of front legs to that of the hinder seven inches. They form large globular nests, about the size of the hen egg, full of eggs and young, which hang, suspended from the roof, by an extremely, fine thread, these neats being formed of a kind of crystalline web that scintillates like a huge precious stone when a light is held near, and although of large size, these insects are of a very slug- glish habit, and when disturbed moved in such a manner so totally opposite to the generality of their class. What they live on is a mystery. Perhaps the glow-worms could tell a tale of woe. I believe this is the first discovery of a true cave-living animal being discovered in Australasia, although numerous species, are recorded by naturalists from caves in other parts of the world - notably those of Kentucky, U.S., Austria, Poland, and Phillipine Islands. Some of these have rudimentary organs of vision, others are totally blind, and, again, in other caves one sex possesses eyes, whilst the opposite are totally without them. The cave-fauna of these places mentioned are also rich in blind animals of other classes, such, as small mammals, crustacea, and fish, but here hitherto nothing of that sort has been met with. After passing, on again for some dis- tance, our guide requested us to take great care, and upon upholding, our torches to give us more light, we saw in front of us a large black opening, about 30ft. deep by 33 feet long on the surface, making one shudder to look into. On being told we were not only to go beyond this pit, but to also go down to the bottom we could not help exchanging glances one with another to see how we took this latest order. But our guide gave us no time to reflect, for in a few minutes he had passed over the chasm by hanging on to the pro- jecting rock till he got good foothold. After we had all got over in safety, we entered another chamber almost, as beautiful as the last. Again stalactites of every shade and form are seen on all sides, from the deepest brown to imacu- late white, from which the lights we carried were reflected in myriads of pris- matic rays. After a short rest we are again told to come on - to go down yet deeper, and after helping each other, and a considerable amount of hard work, in which some nimbleness was required, we all reached the bottom. Here there were numerons small chambers all around, much stalagmitic incrustation, but almost all of a deep rich brown. Here again, wonderful to say, another accumulation of bones and skulls on all sides, under our feet on projecting, ledges of rock in crevices in the side of the cavern; in fact, everywhere are bones. Many are attached by stalagmite till they form part of the rock on which they lie. After another rest we again face hard work, and by mutual help over the more difficult places we are back again at the pit-like mouth of the cave, and soon scramble to the surface up the pole we descended by, very tired, but thoroughly satisfied with our explorations, and ready for tiffin and a cup of hot tea. I must here thank Mr. George Lee, of Mole Creek, for his help to explore this cave and get my collection together ; to Mr. Alfred Miles for his help, and above all to Mr. Arthur Picket for his courtesy, liberality, and hospitality ; and if all visitors receive the same hospitality as I received at Mole Creek and Chudleigh, they will never regret the few days spent in the Chudleigh district ; and let me recommend all who love an outing, and are fond of the beautiful, to go among our caves, for I can guarantee pleasure combined with instruction among these wonderful works of nature ; and allow me to recommend to my friends at Chud- leigh to endeavour to conserve in their virgin beauty their attractive caves. I may note I have heard of stalagmitic caves in other parts of the island. At the foot of Mount Faulkiner - in the southern part of the island - there is a large Cave, the entrance to which is very small (so that many persons although looking for it, may pass it by), it is situated between two large rocks. After passing along some distance a deep excavation is reached. Here the late Messrs. Calder and Priestley obtained numerous bones of animals, including those of a very large kangaroo. Further, on is a small opening in the face of the rock, and l am informed, on a stone being dropped through this hole into the pit be- yond it cannot be heard to reach the bottom, so it must be of a considerable depth. In this cave there is a large de- posit of alum. A few miles from Beaconsfield there are also several, very fine stalagmitic caves. I have been told by those who have visited them they are of great beauty, and deserve further exploration. These I hope to have the pleasure of visiting at some future date. In Australia the existence of numerous caves is also well known. In those of the Wellington Valley the bones of the Tasmanian tiger (Thylacinus) have been discovered, although extinct on the mainland. I will now devote a few lines to the more celebrated caves of other parts of the world, principally gleaned from such works I have read treating upon the subject. The most famous bone caverns are those of Gailenrenth, near Muggendorf, in Bavaria ; of Banmann, in the Hartz Mountains ; of Kluterhohle, in West phalia ; of Adelsberg, in Carniola, of the Peak, in Derbyshire ; Kirkdale, in Yorkshire ; and Kent's Hole, near Tor- quay; of Lunet-Viel, Mialet, Mabrigas, Bize-Eohonoz, and Fouvent, in France ; of Chokier, near, Liege, in Belgium ; and the Mammoth's Cave, in Kentucky, U.S. The cavern of Gailenrenth, which has furnished inquirers with a vast number of bones, is situated near the village of that name. Its mouth does not exceed eight feet in height and 13 feet in breadth. A first compartment, 60 feet long, com- municates. by a narrow passage of 3½ feet in extent with a second chamber 140 feet long by 45 feet in breadth. At the thres- hold it is about 20 feet high, but gra- dually diminishes in elevation until it is not quite seven feet. A narrow passage and several tiny ducts conduct to a third chamber. At the entrance of this grotto; a cavity into which you descend by means of a ladder opens upon a vault of 16 feet in diameter by 33 feet in height. Adjoining this lofty dome like recess lies a grotto whose soil is strewn with the bones of the Ursus spelaeous. A little lower the explorer passes through another corridor into a saloon about 44 feet long, terminating in a well fully 20 feet deep, by whose means he next arrives at a grotto 45 feet in height. Two passages lead from hence into two tolerably spacious chambers. Next he is ushered into a grand hall. A seventh and last chamber must be traversed to reach the end of this subter ranean labyrinth. Two other caverns of the same, nature exist in the neighbourhood of Gailen- renth. Banmann's Cavern in the Hartz, con - pists of five chambers, situated on very different levels. From the first to the second is a descent of 33 feet. To reach the third the tourist must be hauled up to a certain elevation; then he alternately rises and descends until he comes to a gallery full of water, where the bones of bears, hyenas, and tigers are found in great quantities. The cavern derives its name from an unfortunate miner who lost his way therein in 1690, and after wandering for three days and three nights in the obscure Daedalian maze, effected his escape, but in such a state of exhaus- tion that he died almost immediately afterwards. The cavern of Adelsberg, three leagues from Trieste, consists of three immense saloons, situated in due succession. A naturalist explored it for 3270 yards, when his advance was effectually barred by a spacious lake. It is generally identified with the Poedicum of the geographer, Pfcolomy. Kirkdale Cave, in the vale of Pickering, Yorkshire, was discovered in 1821, in the course of some excavations of the ovlatic limestone rock in which it is situated. It was examined minutely by the eminent geologist, Dr. Buckland. Its length is estimated at 245 feet, but its elevation is incon- siderable, and there are few places where a man can stand erect. The remains have been discovered here - under a deposit of mud, incrusted with stalagmites \- of the hyaena, bear, wolf, tiger, elephant, hippopotamus, rhinoceros, horse, ox, deer, weasel, rabbit, hare, raven, pigeon, duck, lark, and water- rat. Some idea of their quantity may be formed from the fact that of hyaenas alone upwards of three hundred have been counted. Kent's Hole lies about three quarters of a mile from Torquay, in Devonshire. Its floor was first examined in 1827 and found to be abundantly rich in the remains of animals no longer existing in that country, such as the elephant, rhinoce- ros, bear, and hyaena. Flint arrow- heads and pottery were also met with. The entrance is about five feet in height ; the interior has a maximum height of 18 feet, a breadth varying from 2 feet to 70 feet, and may be explored for a distance of 650 feet, until the way is barred by an impassable pool. The minor chambers are reached by a difficult and unpleasant defile through two very narrow passages called the Great, and Little Ovens. At fifteen miles from Totnes, elevated some few yards above the level of the river Tamar, is the celebrated Yealm Bridge Cavern, also stocked with the fossil remains of elephant, rhinoceros, horse, ox, dog, wolf, sheep, bear, hyaena, water-rat, and hare, all contained in a stratum of loam, and forming the upper bed of a series of deposits from 18 to 30 feet in thickness. Ossiferous caverns are likewise found in Hutton, Wirksworth, Clifton, Oreston, and Pavilarid. In the latter locality a very lofty rock, which faces the sea on the Glamorganshire coast, presents two apertures, sometimes washed by the waves in stormy weather. The caverns I have mentioned interest the geologist and paleontologist on account of their considerable deposit of fossil bones, and the difficulty he experiences in attempting to explain the accumulation of such widely different remains in one and the same place. But there are many which possess no memorial of the antediluvian world, no relic of pre- historic ages, and yet are endowed with high attractions for the geographer, the artist, or the tourist. A stalactite cave has been discovered in the rocks near the Clifton station of the Bristol Port and Pier Company. When explored to the distance of some 20 or 30 yards, under the superintendence of Mr. Wilkinson, the manager of the line, many beautiful stalactites were disclosed, some of them extending from the roof to the earth beneath, and from their size, temporarily prevented the further passage of the explorers. Some bones of animals and birds were also found among the soil, including part of a skull, which seemed to be that of a hyena. The cave, is ap parently of considerable length and depth. A stalactite grotto of enduring celebrity is that of the Island of Antiparos (the (ancient Oliarus), in the Greek Archi- pelago. The traveller descends into it by a shaft or well, and finds himself in a beautiful cavern about 260 feet wide and 235 feet high, extending nearly 1000 feet under the surface of the ground. In the centre of the great hall rises a magnifi- cently large stalagmite, termed the altar, 20 feet in diameter and 24 feet in height, at which, high mass was celebrated in 1673 by the Marquis de Nointel. Four hundred lamps on this occasion were kept burning day and night for the three days of the Christmas festival. A hundred wax tapers dispersed the gloom, and the voices of five hundred worshippers blended in solemn music. Another, the Grotto ''of Han, near Dinant, is the greatest natural curiosity in Belgium. But space forbids my giving a detailed description of all the great caves, and after mentioning the cele- brated Mammoth's Cave, I will draw this article to a close. At the foot of the calcareous hills which line the Green River in Kentucky, United States, more than one hundred and thirty miles to the south of Louisville, is hidden beneath the shroud of a prodigal vegeta- tion, one entrance of the most spacious cavern known to exist in the modern world - the celebrated Mammoth's Cave. This subterranean labyrinth has already been explored to a distance of ten miles, though many of its winding recesses, heavy with darkness and silence, have been passed over. A French traveller, M. L. Deville, has recently published a very interesting description of it. Accompanied by an experienced guide, and furnished with a miner's lamp, we descend the sixty steps, to find yourself in a broad and lofty gallery, about a thousand yards in length; which, after the great American naturalist, has been named Audubon's Hall. It abuts on the Rotunda, a vast circular saloon, whence numerous passages radiate. One of these leads to a square apartment, which is fashioned like a colossal nave, and decorated with immense stalactites ; it is called the Church. Emerging from this magnificent natural temple, you arrive through a series of corridors to the Ghost's Chamber, where an extraordi- nary quantity of Indian mummies was formerly discovered. This vast cemetery of an unfortunate race has been converted into a restaurant, where the wives of the guides supply various refreshments, and even the daily newspaper. Descending a succession of ladders, and crossing an old wooden bridge, whose appearance of antiquity is not very re-assuring, we reach a narrow pathway, where the roof is so low that it is impossible to walk up- right. This passage has been very ex- pressively named Humility Road. It opens on the Devil's Chair, a kind of balcony, situated beneath an aperture in the rock which leads to the Bottomless Pit. The depth of this blacky awful precipice cannot be conceived by the most excited imagination. Twisted wreaths of oiled paper, which are lighted and flung down into the chasm, die but before they can reach the bottom. It is said that two runaway negroes, hunted to the death in this gloomy labyrinth by their cruel pursuers, precipitated them- selves headlong into the shadowy gulf. A sounding line of 970ft. has failed to make the bottom. Continually ascending and descending we arrive under the im- mense mammoth, dome, whose cupola 425ft., high, is lost in the flickering shadows. A winding pathway leads to a point very near its summit, which con- sists of a black vault, besprinkled with shining crystals; this is known as the Star Chamber. Illuminated by a lamp this cupola, all incrusted with brilliant stalac- tites, sparkles like the heaven on a sum- mer night. After traversing some dis- tance from this wonderful recess, a basin of 25 to 35 feet in circuit, called the Dead Sla, we find ourselves oh the bank of broad water-course known as the Styx which must be crossed in a boat. After half an hour's navigation, you land on a fine sand. At a short distance is a small sulphurous spring ; then comes the Cleveland Avenue, which leads to the Hall of Anon, whose walls dazzle with their resplendent whiteness. Angularly rugged paths conduct us to the so-called Rocky Mountains, through whose de- tached and scattered masses we make our way to the Fairy Grotto, where the stalactites are aggregated into colonnade's arches, and trees of magical aspect. At the extremity of the hall is a graceful group, imitating an alabaster palm tree with a fountain gushing from its summit. The Fairy Grotto is about ten miles from the mouth of the cave. The journey there and back occupies ten hours and when returning from the prolonged ex- cursion the traveller once more salutes the light of day, it is with a satisfaction easily comprehended. [I may add that in the opinion of our most eminent geologists, this remarkable cavern is part of the channel of a sub- terranean river which existed in a former condition of the earth's surface.] Trusting this meagre contribution may be of some interest, and tend to stimu- late those who have the opportunity of exploring the caverns of the island to more extended examination both as to their natural beauty and to the interest- ing animal remains that may be found, which latter are of great interest to the scientist. Thb-Mbaoj Tax;— A 'meeting pfL'aun- ' cestoni i burgesses was held ' Wednesday rtb ' consider the questioH of' the present' hlgli f price of meat' and ': the ? abolition of 'the-' stock tax. :;.u- Mr,'W. Ritchie occupied' thef' chair, :and!. after 'some discussion* -it was' ; resolved to call a public meeting for^Tues' day evening next, a£'the TpWn Hall, arid the , following resolutions' V'ere prepared h to be submitted to the meeting':— 1: That'. ? the existing1 restrictions upon !the impor-'' tatioh- of - fresh ? meat 'into Hbb'a'rt and:;' Lauricestcn,; and-' the '!iyrip6'8ition' of'.' Custom's ' duties upon impPrted stook arid a meat are' impolitic, unfair, arid oppressive,' ? and should be immediately repealed. :';i2. r; That the foregoing resolution be embodied in a petition to each House of Parlia- ? ment, praying for the immediate repeal of the:second section in''theptoviso'to:the 1st section of the act,:: 44 Viet. No.,24/'. and pf the Customs duties upon, imported ' stock and meat., 3. That a committee be ; appointed, consisting of '—, with power to add to their number, and charged iwitlr , the .duty of preparing .the petition, obtaining signatures thereto, and causing such petitions to be duly presented. ? Another meeting of the promoters will be held on this evening, to make the '. neceosary preliminary arrangements for the public meeting. The question at - issue is one which affects every house holder in the town, and we trust they : will show their interest in the move-, merit- by their presence at the meeting;' and . that the speakers will fully explain ? the provisions of the Launcestori Slaughtering Act and of the Quarantine Regulations, which are connected with the stock tax in keeping up the price' of '.' meat here. ; , ? 