A LADY'S HOME LETTER. We have much pleasure in introducing to the notice of our lady readers a letter specially written for their perusal by a lady resident in London. This is No. 1 of a series which will come to hand fort nightly, and be published in the Daily Telegraph under the nom de plume "Dragon Fly." The lady who has kindly consented to become our London fashion and chit chat correspondent, has long held a good position in literary circles in the metro polis of the world : and we believe her graceful, fluent, and polished style of writing will be appreciated amongst re fined minds of either sex in Tasmania. LONDON, August 22. I beg to send you a few notes for your fair Launcestonites: to those whose know ledge of London may not be confined to the mere geographical fact that it is situate on the River Thames, and the capital of the British Isles, i.e., to those for whom the place was once ' Home, sweet home,' or to others who may have visited our great metropolis. I trust that under the influence of Tasmania's genial climate all recollection of the past is not yet obliterated from their memories, and that an occasional chat on those multitu dinous topics with which women are generally interested may not be unaccept able. For those also to whom our great Babylon is as yet confined to the abstract. I venture to hope that these notes may ! not prove too uninteresting, , and may i they give as much pleasure as it affords me to write them ? Our season, the London season of 1883, can now be said to be over, so far as fashion is concerned, although a few of the elite are lingering on in town until the prorogation of Parliament. For this reason, Bond-street would now scarcely hold out all the charms to Dickens's ' Uncommercial Traveller ' were he again to seek autumnal solitude aud ' uninter rupted meditation' iu ' that most unfre . quented part of England.' Nevertheless there is a vacuum as one wanders from Piccadilly to Oxford-street — the endless procession of carriages, the interminable throng of fashionable people, liav« vanished, and one Ands that the intersect ing thoroughfares can be traversed with out danger to life or limb. This void has an indescribable charm to the appreciative and artistic eye amidst the treasures and riches of Bond-street, for the pedestrian finds that .lie has a convenient opportu nity to bestow his admiration upon the cunning alike of the artist and the arti ficer — a favor which perhaps he has hitherto conferred exclusively upon beauty and fashion. Nor if the ' Uncommercial Traveller' were to wander in Hyde Park would he have 'to overcome the solemn feeling of isolation,' or ' to conquer the oppressive consciousness of profound retirement,' for tlie Park at. the habitual hour is not yet deserted of carriages nor of eques-r trians, and a few groups, now free from the labors, 'of pleasurable1 engagements, ' may be !seen taking a sensible efeuihg airing before dressing and dinner time. On the whole the season has been per haps a satisfactory one. Society is con tent that many loug-wished-for marriages have at last taken place. From tlie cheerful tone of an artiste-en-modes, seemingly overpowered with work, it appears that milliners, dressmakers, and drapers are also contented ; whilst the proverbial grumbling of the bntisli trader appears not to have been so mani fest now as other times. Tlie close of the art season drew comments that it liad not been such as many would have wished, the admissions aud above all the sales at the Royal Academy liaving been far below the average of preceding years. But when has it been known that everyone is pleased ? Agricultural prospects in most parts of the British isles are eaid to be satisfactory, so let me hope that for the sake of holiday makers, both on loch and moor, and more especially for those brain-workers wko may be taking their well-earned rest, that the comiug autumn may be fine and cheerful, and that when November comes, and work begins iu earnest, Londoners may be spared some of the dense fogs which Lord Mayor's day usually ushers iu. The Fisheries Exhibition at South Kensington has indeed answered the expectations of its organisers, although "cheap fish for the million" has yet to come. The total number of visitors dur- ing the first 68 days since its opening has been 1,100,000, which gives a mean of something like 15,000 per diem. With the Horticultural Gardens, the Exhibi- tion has proved a favored afternoon resort. A recent fete was held there at which Royalty mustered strongly. This fete, or bazaar was got up in order to procure funds for erecting an English church in Berlin to commemorate the silver wedding of the Crown Prince and Princess of Germany. Had the object been a more beneficial one in the sense of helping some work in connection with the wants of this city, a laudable excuse might be found for the fancy prices which stall holders procured for their wares. But charity should be universal, and should show a sympathetic feeling for every good work, and none are more anxious to indicate this than our Prince and Princess of Wales. Whatever they undertake to do they do heartily, and at the Fisheries Fete they exerted themselves nobly. The Prince was here, there, and everywhere, whilst the Princess for nearly three hours bravely sold flowers, but more bravely stood the fire of a gaping crowd, whose rudeness in this respect could scarcely have exceeded, an East-end mob. Lady Brassey held a refreshment stall which was decorated with nets and fishing gear ; it was named the Crab and Lobster. The Marquise Tseng, the Chinese ambassadress, and her daughter were prevailed upon to sell real tea a la chinoise , and the speculation was deser vedly popular. The Chinese wish, "may it refresh aud console," was sweetly ex pressed each time that the tiny cup was presented to a stranger. The Princess of Wales was dressed in white, as well as most of the ladies that surrounded her. Apropos of dress, there is a bewildering vanity of colors now in vogue, or to express better, in the names in which shades of (perhaps) old colours are now dressed up. Variety is the salt of life, aud the choice seems unlimited. Besides the large family of greens — Cyprus green, and the varying shades of gooseberry green — dresses are to be seen of materials with colours of thistle bloom, and a darker or purple combination, electric blue, or moonlight blue, also with a darker shade. There is an embarras de richesses in greys and stones, besides mulberry red, Bur- gundy red, flame, pale flame, bright pink. not forgetting terra-cotta. crushed strawberry, and copper red. Feuille de chou (cabbage leaf) is the latest arrival, and it may remind many of pale apple or pea green, which was a favorite colour years ago. Much talk was given to crushed strawberry and terra cotta at the commencement of the season, happily, for entire costumes, these colours have not been such favorites, but they help, with other tones, to form some good com- binations. Terra-cotta proper is "too too" trying for the complexion. In nun's cloth the paler shades form pretty costumes for girls in their teens. I think that I now see before me a charming costume of silk of the palest coral pink worn at the Prince of Wales's garden party. The sides of the skirt and corsage are trimmed with real white lace. The skirt forms an under jupe, and across it a long tabelier of white cachinere falls, on the cross, in ample folds. A train of moderate dimensions that it does not burden the wearer. Straw bonnets of same delicate colour trimmed with white lace, parasol to match. The long tan Swedish gloves, drawn up almost to the elbow, are more adapted for seaside and country wear. They cer tainly have only found favor with a few, the silk glove being preferable, as it does not hide the sleeve nor the dainty sleeve frilling. In bonnets, the 'jockey' seems to be a favorite, but there are shapes to suit every kind of face, and there is no excuse for any one to look dowdy. A Parisienne lately arrived at Trouville with a bonnet for every day during her month's stay. Poor creature ! What a bore her luggage must have been to her, or her servants, if she had dresses and mantles to corres pond. And then in France luggage goes by weight, and is paid for. One reads of another French lady walking across a green velvety lawn to church on the morning of her marriage, attired simply in white, shading her face from the sun with a white parasol which was surmounted with orange flowers. The idea is pretty. She doubtless dispensed with a veil and wore none, or only a few flowers in her hair. Few will carc to seek out a more novel way of "tying the knot" than a pair of adventurous American lovers who were lately married in a balloon. It has been suggested that the next had better try a diving- bell. Afternoon marriages are not thought singular, the inevitable wedding break fast is thus abolished ; instead — recap- tion — afternoon tea, with, of course, "the cake." The break-fast, which is now but a cold lunch, dates doubtless, from pre-Reformation times. Enquiring minds- who know the pros and cons re- specting some of our customs could perhaps answer this. Miss Fortescue, who has been acting ' in ' Golanthe ' at the Savy Theatre, aud ; \- ? * 4-Uni- 'PofirtJ-i/*.* 'hfll loft previous w timv hi. . the stage in consequence of her approach- j iug marriage with Viscount Garmoyle, j son aud heir of Earl Cairns, late Lord Chancellor. A contemporary writes: Extremes meet even in the best regu lated families. This is indeed a recon ciliation of the church with the stage.' Miss Fortescue went on the stage with a view to supporting her mother. This reminds me that say Kitty Stephens, the vell-kii' \vn singer and actress, has recently died. She was the Dowager Countess of Essex. The translation of the Shapira manu Ke.riiit is complete. It includes the whole of Deuteronomy. Its genuineness has engaged the attention of most educated people, and accounts of it will doubtless arrive by this mail. Miss Braddon's new novel is just out, which I recommend to all fair Tasmanians who indulge in such, and may they enjoy the ' Golden Calf.' So, — An rcvoir, Fhom Special Di:a^on-flv. P.S. — Some good people in the High- 1 lands consider that Mr Gladstone has i been breaking the ' Sawbath,' so a cer tain Presbytery has resolved to send a memorial protesting against the ' late violation.' The House of Commons en croached upon the hours of Sunday for j the despatch of business. The Launceston Iiowstrlu; Exhikl-; tion. — The vote in aid of the Launceston Industrial Exhibition was moved last' night, in the House of Assembly, by Mr. Douglas, for Mr Lette, who was in the chair officiating as Speaker. Mr Doug'as pointed out the advantages the colony would derive from the Exhibition, and that the municipality would contribute £4000 to be expended on the building. Mr James Scott spoke ably iu support of *1,„ Tl,o nv,.,oo rli'.-i'rlorl nil thfi question, as follows : — Ayes, 8 — Douglas, Scott, Braddon, Doolcy, Pillinger, Archer, Crowther, and Coote. Noes, 10 — Giblin, Brown, Guesdon, Gellibrand, ! Lyne, Bird, Dodds, Shoobridge, Belbin, and Dobson. The vote was therefore lost in consequence of the absence of Mr Hart and Mr llooke. Had those members been present on the division, and voted ™ il,o r»f Alienist, the item would have been carried by the cast ing vote of Mr Lette, the acting- speaker. Earthquake SiiOck. — One of the most notable and prolonged earthquake waves yet, waspeie;ptible at 10 '40 p.m. on Wed nesday, toalargenumbercfresideutsoii the Cataract Hill, Windmill Hill, Cox's Hill, and Sand Hill, and by many in the central portions of the town ; atthe residence of Mr Babington, York-street, Mr Robertson, Alice Place, at several places in Patterson street, at the Central, and several other , hotels, and also bv residents at Invermay, ! at the police station, and many other] localities. Mr Robertson described it as a trembling and then a very distinct heaving motion, fading gently away. He was looking at the clock and noticed that the motion continued for upwards of 30 seconds. Our Beaconsfield correspondent telegraphed yesterday that the shock was felt there very distinctly at the same time as here, 10'40 p.m. Archdeacon Hales, who was on a visit to Beaconsfield,: and several residents there, noticed the heaving motion which seemed to pass froni north-east to south-west. Tasmanian Tubf Clcb. — The com mittee of the above club will meet at tlie Criterion Hotel this morning at 10.15,. aud iu the afternoon at 2 o'clock. The general half-yearly meeting will be held at the same place. A good attendance of members is requested, and as the business set. down is to adoi it a revised code of rules, assimilating as nearly as practi cable to the V. R. C. rules, it is to be hoped that 'the members will spare an half-hdur and put in an appearance. Tlie committee haVe, we believe,'- carefully considered tlie rules, and they how ouly' requite' adopting to make: everything run smoothly. ? LACifCESTON VoLtTNTEER ARTILLERY Chtallenge Cop.— The- sixth competition for this trophy 'will be held at the butts on Saturday next, the Otli inst., condi tions being seven shots at 200, 500, and GOO yards, Martini - Henry rifle, fovftftfo 'in\T »V\ilitfiTOT 'ttfvaitinvi MXJUU1 civu Squads are drawn to fire as under; exchanges allowed if notified at the gun room on or before Friday evening: — 1st squad, 6 a.m. — Corporal Hill, Gunner Carter, Gunner Boag, Gunner Peart, Gunner Patten, Gunner C?rr. 2nd squad, 2 p.m. — Sergt. -Major Martini, Gunner Conway, Battery Sergt.-Major Tyson, Bombadier Gow, Gunner Norman, Sergt. Gurr, Gunuer Briggs, Gunner Easther, Gunner Fielding. 3rd squad, , 3*30 p.m. — Sergt. Blair, Sergt. Bennell, | C.ivnnral flnw Gnnnpi' Wallace. Cornoral Croft, Gunner Taylor, Bombadier Miller, Gunner Mills, Corporal Park. The Australian Jouksax. — We have received from Mr Fitzgerald, of Brisbane street, the Australian Journal for 'October. The leading tale is ' Woman's Devotion,' followed by a ' Duel with Pills,' ' The Double Life,' ' The Pawn broker's Drawer,' ' The Regeuade's Fate,JJ'' A-.Tale of a Ghost,' ''How we Got Married,' A Kiss and what it cost Jennie,' ' How she found him.' ' Brother Gardner on Marriages,' ' Find ing the Trail,' aud a great variety of other popular Teading matter. Wuarf Mission Hall. — A valedictory tea meeting was held in the Wharf Mis sion Hall on Wednesday evening, to bid farewell to Mi' F. L. Stephenson, who originated and carried on the good work there for some years. He is now leaving the town for Latrobe. The tables were well supplied with good tilings and pre sided over by Mesdames Baker, Marshall, Sparrow, . Stephenson, and Clerke. The tables had to be filled twice to accommo j date the numbers who came, about 150 sitting down to tea. After the tables were cleared a public meeting was held,: whsn Mr R. Marshall, Town Missionary, occupied the chair. Addresses were given by Messrs. Forward, Gibton, Clerke, Farrailo, and Ridge, aud Pastor White, who all spoke warmly upon the patient and earnest manner in which Mr Stephenson had carried on his work, and wished him God speed iu his new field of labor. Mr Lewis, who has been asso ciated with hiin in the work for some time, presented him with a handsome bible and a hymn book suitably bound and illuminated, as a small token of the esteem and le^ard in which he is held by all who know him. Mr Stephenson feelingly replied it had been a pleasure to hiin to work for the Master, aud thanked God that any good had been done through his instrumentality. Votes of thauks were given to the ladies, Capt. Wyrill for use of flags, Mr Long for presiding at the organ,' and the chairman. The meeting closed with the Doxology. Cricket. — A match wilFbe played on the Cornwall Ground to-morrow after 1\. 1 ? ? ♦!,« llooll oeiwceu wxuua Press Cricket Club, and the game will bo in! if i' v. Ditily Telegraph. As the whole of those engaged have been in j active practice ever siuce the season began, some good play ought to result, i and the match pri've a very interesting Tin fdllnwin'r are the names of the players : — Telegraph — F. Groves, A. Orchard, T. Dasley, W. P. M'Mahon, W, M'Farlanc, W, Finch, J. Rodoii, J. , Crooks, .1. IS, Thome, W. M'lulosli, 11. ; Box all, W. Brickhill, T. W. Just, L. ! Sanders. Routiner— Cox (captain), Caiiuon, Piivue, Dixon, Feutrill, Wade, Uwyer, Beattio, Matthews, Collins, Watts. Emergency Fat-thing, liorushy, Tennent. Play to begin at 2 30 p.m. sharp. tJ%alcotta Exhibitic^!?— Ife arS| gltfi to learn from Mr J. B. Santifaller that |he.^exhibits for the CalcrfH®, ExhSbitioji coming in very fastScom neirly^l parts- offthe colony. As the s.s. Flinders leaves jilt 2 p.m. to-day, however, for Melbourne, nil tliose': wishing to send | exhibits must have them at the stores of j. Messrs. Dalgety, Moore and Co. not later ' than 11 .o'clock to-dav, so that they can i be taken on board the steamer between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. The exhibits will be transhipped from the Flinders to the P. and O. steamer Clyde, which leaves Williamstown for London via Colombo on the 11th inst, and by which steamer Mr Santifaller will take passage. The next steamer which will call at Colombo is the R.M.S. Mirzapore, which leaves Mel bourne on the 25th October, and she will be followed by another steamer, which leaves Melbourne on the 22ud November. By the la* tor steamer a lai'jie quantity of wool will be sent, which will bring the tnt.il 4-* OflA ArruoA-'nixc. Summer. — Although the. weather yesterday afternoon and evening was anything but a proof that summer was approaching, there are many, other evidences of the indisputable fact, and not the least pleasing is the sumptuous display of 'goods for the season' now to be seen in most. -of the windows. of the; larger drapery establishments in town. This was particularly noticeable yesterday afternoon at Messrs. Roles and Jone .- (late Smith and Poole's), and tlie tasty manner in which the windows were dressed was highly creditable to the new firm; Ladies' hats of the latest shapes and makes, the majority being trimmed in a maimer that made the visitors stave with delight ; ties, scarfs, and feathers of beautiful hues, all nicely arranged, made such, a kaleidoscope of fashion in its latest styles that was enchanting even to the most cynical. ' An old backwoods man, who brought up at the window, and who tlio.ught he knew all about fashion aud its followers, exclaimed with mouth airape, 'Why, summer goods aud summer not.' That man has gone home again. Ta.mak Rowing Club. — In our report of tlie race for scratch fours, held on Wednesday, under the auspices of the above club, we regret that an undeserved censure is cast upon Mr Peart's crew for having left the shed before the final heat came on for decision. Mr Peart explains i Ithat he was informed by Mr Farrelly that ! the final heat would not be rowed that afternoon, aud upon that information uemg given nis crew went away. At tnat time Mr. Farrelly was the ouly repre sentative of the management in the shed, and his information was acted upon as being official. : Football.— It willbe seen by advertise ment that the match, Native Youth v. Cornwall, arranged to come off to-morrow, has been postponed owing to death in the family of the captaiu of the former. We have been informed, however, that the Cornwall object to this, aud intend taking the field in order to claim the match: 'Pastime' requests us to acknowledge several communications from various secretaries, including one from ' the Sooth A Diver at Work in the Tamar.— Yesterday afternoona diver uamed Henry, who was engaged seeking for some of the wreckage of the Asterope at the Hebe reef, was employed by the agents of the barque Lanoma to' search for eight kegs of nails that accidentally slipped out of the sling as they were being conveyed from the. hold of that vessel to the wharf, -early last week. The experiment, although it created great interest to a number of people who assembled on the wharf to see the diver at work, was not very successful, as the gear was not in good order, the consequence being it allowed the water to find its way to the man's body through some defect in the helmet. Three attempts were made to find the sunken cargo, but without suc cess, the gear not being light enough to allow the diver to remain any. length of time under water. We believe further attempts will be made .by the diver as soon as the gear is repaired. - THE SALVATION ARMY IN COURT. — Great excitement existed at Sandhurst, Victoria, on Monday, amongst local mem- bers of the Salvation Army, owing to two of the captains — Rash and Phillips — being charged with insulting behaviour. The alleged offence consisted in leading a procession to the front of public-houses and inciting them to sing songs such as "We will close the public houses." The members of the army marched down to the court to the number of several hundred. During the hearing of the prosecuting constable's evidence they became noisy and were eventually ejected from court. After hearing the evidence, the police magistrate announced in favor of a conviction, but the majority of the bench was against him, and the case was dismissed. The army marched to the barracks, where great rejoicings were indulged in. COMMITTAL OF MRS. SILK FOR MURDER. — The adjourned inquest on the body of the miner, Jacob Silk, who was mur- dered at Morrisons digging on Tuesday night, was held by the coroner on Satur- day. The wife of deceased made a state- ment, which was taken in writing. It was to the effect that her husband first wanted to shoot a man named Francome, with whom he had fought at a neighboring hotel, and after her daughter had gone for some whisky, he made two attempts, to shoot her (Mrs Silk.) In self-defence, she struck him on the head twice with an adze, and when he subsequently tried to rise from the floor she gave him seven more blows on the head and killed him. Prior to this confession Mrs Silk, who was in the custody of the police, made two different statements — one to Constable Desmond that she found her husband dead; the other to Benjamin Latter, deceased's mate, to whom she stated that her hus- band received the injuries from which he died whilst fighting with Francome. Prisoner was found guilty of murder, and committed for trial. THE PEOPLE'S RIGHTS .— Referring to the case brought in Adelaide recently by Mr Joseph Thompson against the lessees of the racecourse, the South Australian Register says : — "The case has ended in the plaintiff being awarded nominal damages for having been expelled from the Park Lands Racecourse, and likewise gaining his main object of upsetting the lease under which' the racecourse is now held. The affair has very justly been treated as something of much more importance than a dispute between racing men. It involves' the recognition aud maintenance of the inalienable rights of the citizens of Adelaide to have free access to their own park lands. His honor, Mr Justice Boucaut, insisted upon deter- mining the case on the real nature of the tenure on which Messrs. Blackler and Ferry are in possession of the racecourse lease, and there can scarcely be two opinions as to the justice and legality of this decision. Simply stated it amounts to this, that the corporation, in granting a lease of portions of the East Park lands, have treated the ground as though it were their own private property. As a matter of fact, the corporation of Adelaide have no right to give to anyone special privileges in, or to exclude any person from, any portion of the park lands without the express authority of a special act of Parliament. Mutual Impkovement Association. — The half-yearly meeting of the above association will be held this evening at 8 o'clock. The business to be transacted is the election of officers for the ensuing half-year, aud all members are requested to attend. Mr E. Hopkins intimates that as he has entered into partnership with the Messrs. Ovi-ivll, hi :'tock of twiM.-ds, cloUiing, ek'. nnist b' L-Ii-iired 'Hi, in.onUi. Ml- It. J. Sudtar notifies that he 1ms a stocky of '.ie..vge H.mlet anil -Co.'s extra dry uhauw p.ippie which was selected for the coronation o£ the Cz:-r of Russia. 