THAT C0JVHC MASK. ' It is the Christmas Eve of a ' good old- fashioned winter.' Good, indeed, when the bitter frost which has lasted for weeks has so hardened the ground tflat all out-door lahour has stopped, when water is hard to get, and to many, bread still harder 1 . 4 A good old- fashioned winter,' when the poor huddie together shivexingly by the fireless grate, and atura with hungry eyes at the empty cup board ; when the birds drop in scores from the ice-bound branches, stiff and frozen, into the . pitiful snow, digging with their fall their own tiny graves. Ohriatmas Eve, and in the good Yorkshire town of Holydace. 4 A good old-fashioned winter,' and in the streets the singers are oarcliing out 4 Christians, awake?' Yes, Christians, awake ! You who have the power to help, awake, fur your brethren are starving I Awake! Awake! Open your heaits and your pockets, and thank God reverently on this Christmas Eve if with the will you have the power to feed and clothe them. Christmas Eve, and in the busy Market Hall the gas is flaring, the Btalls are loaded with good things, and the cries of the vendors rise in hoarse jerks over the ceaseless hum of the buyers and the murmurs of longing of those who can only look and cannot afford to buy. Christmas Eve, and the snow is falling. A hush is creeping over the noisy streets, for the thick white carpet is covering the stones, and the wheels of the carts and the waggons roll noiselessly over it, and little is heard except the hum of distant voices and the clear resonant ringing of thejoy-bells from the old parish church. Under the gas lamp across the street the enow is falling, resting in patches on the pantomime poster — glorious awhile ago in the strongest reds, blues, greens, and yellows ; now almost obscured by the universal white. Harlequin is covered, save hi3 masked head, which stands out funereally black ; Columbine's legs alone are visible, looking red with the cold ; Pantaloon looks like a ghost of Father Christmas ; the Clown's crescent-like patches of ruddy colour on either cheek are covered with snow, and even he seems to be shivering in the general frost. Round, the corner and through the narrow passage figures are flitting to and fro with anxious faces and quick, busy steps. Busy they seem, and busy they are, for they are more or less connected with the Grand Comic Christmas Pantomime, now being rehearsed for production on Boxing Night at the Theatre Royal, Holydace, the stage entrance to which is across that ditnly- lii yard and through that barn-like door. Come on the stairs and on the stage. Rehearsal is in full swing, and all are working with a will, for there is but one heart, one mind, in this little band, bound together bv an art-companionship of years. Travelling together month after month, year after year, they are, for the most part, earnest, thonghful, and determined to succeed. The little theatre is like a human hive. There in the corner are the light comedian and the walking lady trying over the 4 trips, or dances, with which, as Harlequin and Columbine, they are to entrance the souls of the little ones on Boxing Night. The soubrette (Mrs. Gregory Baffin) is at the back of the stage with some two dozen children, patting them through a series of evolutions — announced on the bill as 4 A Grand Juvenile Ballet 1 Performed entirely by Natives of Holydace.' There is the popular low comedian, who is to play clown, looking anxiously after his scanty array of properties, for, as usual, the property man has been up day and night working at the grand procession, etc., and there has been no time to look after tha harlequinade ; so Gregory Buffin grumbles under his breath, and daubs away at his hot poker and his string of sausages, giving every now and then a look of encouragement at little Mrs. Gregory B,, driven almost to despair by the untractable nature of the material which forms her whole corps do ballet. The scene- painter is slap-dashing at the realms of delight, aod little particles of Dutch metal are floating in the air. The band is banging away at the triumphal march, and there is hammering, hammering everywhere — in the pit, in the boxes, under the stage, over the stage, and on the stage, for space is limited in the Theatre Royal, Holydace, and time (considering the work to be done before Boxing Night) equally so," and both must ba economised. The manager—' the guv'nor,' as the company call him— is at the front of the stage with eyes and ears everywhere. ' A little quicker, and more spirit ! (this to the band). ' Forte with that cornet ! Is that drum playing or is it not ?' 4 Where is your wand, Miss Gauzeikin ?' That can't be right. Wood does not and never did rhyme with Love. What is the line, prompter ? Of course.' Take that child away from that glue- pot.' 4 Joe ! Go up to my room and bring me down some green foil, and I will dodge up tbie demon's head.' 4 Eh ! Certainly you can wear pink tights if you like them better.' 4 No, little one ; I have not got your shoes. Ask Mrs. Wraggs for them.' 4 That's wrong ; try that song again. Yes, all through 1 Do let us get it right. Tom, have you finished that dummy b&hy; yet ?' 4 What on earth is this ? Bird of Paradise indeed ! Looks like a boiled owl ; do lengthen the tail, and dash a little colour into it. I didn't ask for a scarecrow.' 4 Ladies 1 Ladies ! Do leave off laughing and talking, and save your voices for your songs. If you would but be as loua on the stage as you are off 1' 4 Don't bother any more over that dance, Miss Emmie ; you must be tired out. and it is sure to go.5 'What is it? Eh? JBEow can I see a stranger in the middle of this muddle? Looks hard up ! Of course. Well, bring him on the stage, I'll try to snatch a moment for him. And on ' the guv'nor' goes. Turning round the corner of the wings a pale, wan face is peering, a pair of brown, wistful eyes gaze anxiously on the guv'nor. Their owner waits to be called, but in the whirl of thinking for everybody the guv'nor has forgotten the man he has sent for, till presently his eye lights o u the strange, woe-begune tece% Who's that? Oh,o£ coarse, ask him to come here.' . A figure in seedy black limps painfully forward — a man, and a gentleman, the guv'nor thinks, for his quick eyes (trick eyes, the company call them ; they declare he sees before, behind, and on every side of him) take in the whole of the man's character at a glance. A threadbare coat is held by a cold, blue hand tremblingly round the shirtless throat, while the other hand lifts cautiously a battered hat as he approaches ; the boots, from which the snow is thawing with the heat of the footlights, are old and worn — one hole to let the water in, another to let it Out. And the face — 'Poor fellow 1' thinks the guv'nor. 'Who and what are yon? No drink there ; only poverty, misery, and hope less friendlessness. What is it ?' 4 Mr. , I believe?' The question is asked with a hollow though still musical voice, with a trained, cultivated accent. 4 1 am sorry to intrude upon yon at a time like this, bat I thought it just possible that there might be a small part still unfilled, or, if not, there might be a chance for me even as a super.' The soul of the man seems to look out hungrily from the large brown eyes, and the guv'nor feels a small lump in his throat as he watches the sorrow of the face, and the yearning hunger— hunger for food, hunger for friendship, companionship, and love. The man is starving, he thinks, as he aBks, 4 Do you belong to Holydace V 4 No, sir, I have walked to-day from Bars- field, twelve miles away.' 4 What is your name?' 4 Henry Gray.' 'Assumed,' thinks the guv'nor, kindly refraining from further, questioning, and, with a lie (for which forgive him, reader), he says : 4 Yes, there is a small part in — let me . see — the sixth scene which I shall be glad to give yon. Of course, the salary is small, but everything will be found for you, and it may suit you till something better turns up.' The poor wan face quivers, and tears are in the quiet brown eyes. 4 Oh, thank you, sir. I shall never forget your kind——' Bather hurriedly, the guv'nor breaks in with: 4 Treasury was held this morning, but here is half a week's salary in advance. Go and get a lodging and something to eat, and be back in an hour, and £ will rehearse you in the part. Excuse me now.' The guv'nor sits at the prompt table, and, with a quick inward question of 4 Where can I put him ?' he pulls out a pencil, bites it, and scribbles off a few lines of doggerel, bands it to the prompter to copy into the manuscript of the pantomime, and calls for the property man. 4 Tom, where's that comic mask — that one with the wide, laughing mouth ? Yes, that's it.' What a mask! One of Dyk-Wyn-Ken's funniest. The whole face is one huge, droll, uncontrollable laugh. The rehearsal proceeds, and in less than half an hour Mr. Gray returns. He has had a meal, and there is a look of thankfnlness, if not content, on his faoe. The prompter handB him the part, and asks him to try on the mask. He does so, and the effect is queer, odd, painful — the thin, starved figure, the poor, cold hands, the threadbare clothes, and the jolly, well-fed, uproariously-laughing, exaggerated head, under the weight of whieh the man almost staggers in his weakness. On goes the rehearsal. One hy one 4 the boys' go np and speak to the stranger. Aetors are quick to read the signs of real trouble, and hy the time Mr. Gray is called for his scene they have made him feel to a certain extent one of themselves, and are cracking jokes for his amusement— an attention which he accepts gratefully, and joins in with quietly. Some oomic music is played, and Mr. Gray is called npon to deliver the result of the guv'nor's 4 inspiration,' which has pro duced the following: — Our King: is coming ; greet him with a cheer ; Let him see naught but pleasure dwclleth here ; Sing, shout, and dance— to look your jolliest try, do. Laugh till your sides ache — enjoy yourselves as I do. He speaks his lines feebly through the mask, and askB if he can be of any further assistance. 4 No, thank you,' says the guv'nor, thinking to himself, 4 yen have as much to do as your strength can compass. You can go.' Still Mr. Gray lingers, the ' band is playing, the footlightB are blazing. Within the theatre there is light, life, com panionship; without, darkness, the snow and loneliness, and so he lingers until almost the last ; and as he goes one of 4 the boys' says, 'Give us a call fo-morrow, laddie. It's Christmas Day, and we'll have a glass and smoke together. That's mv address.' Mr. Gray grasps the offered hand gratefully and says, Thank Heaven I am among friends at last !' With another bow of thanks to the guv'nor, he is gone. .... Boxing Night has come, and the Theatre Boyal, Holydace, is packed from fioor to ceiling with an excited, expectant, holiday audience — working folk, most of them — rough, honest, kindly, and enthusiastic. Several of the company are favourites, and are received heartily. All goes swimmingly. The rehearsals have been earef ally conducted. The guv'nor knows fully the extent of his resources, andbae not gone one step beyond them. All right jap till the sixth scene, in' which Mr. Gray is to appear. The poor fellow, in his anxiety, was dressed before the rising of the curtain, trying to help when and where he conld. But now he is leaning against the winge, looking ghastly pale, with large bine circles under his eyes, and that comic mask is at his feet, grinding at his weakness. With an evident effort he pulls himself together as his cue comes, audjwith a struggle hoists the mask over his/ head and totters on to the stage. The mask provokes a roar of laughter, _ which Gray does not hear, for there iB a singing in his ears, and a mist before his eyes. He staggers, struggles to speak, and falls. Another roar of laughter from the audience, who accept the fall as part of the fun, and no wonder, for that comic mask is still laughing its hardest, and they can't see the. death-stricken face beneath it. The man is supporting himself with one hand on the stage, and with the other he is vainly trying to lift the mask, which is now almost stifling him. . He is trfimbling violently, and tbe audience still laugh, for with that comic mask, the trqmbling heightens fbe udiwQus effwfi and the whole figure Beems to bd shaking with merriment. The guv'nor knows better,, and calls to Gregory Baffin, 4 Quick, Greg., carry that poor fellow off the stage; he is fainting.' Gregory bounds j on with a gag, tenderly lifts up the fallen ! man, and brings him to the wings; the guv'nor pulls off the mask, and carries him to a dressing-room. 4 Send for some brandy and a cab ; get him - to his lodgings, and put him in a warm bed ; get a doctor, and let him have anything he j wants,' says the guv'nor. j Poor Gray is carried to his humble lodging, j where the warm-hearted Yorkshire matron i receives him with 4 Eh, lad, but I thowt I tha' wert wrong to go oufcr Come in, do. i Get him i' bed, while I light th' fire and get j him some hot gruel.' Poor Gray is carried to the bed- oom mut tering, half-unconsoiously, that he 4 is better, and is sure to be all right for to-morrow night. Was the guv'nor veiy angry at the mess he had made of his part ?' And then'he begins to wander, and repeats the doggerel dreamily — Sing, shout, and dance ; to look your jolliest, try, do I j Laugh till your sides ache ; enjoy yourself as I do ! At the theatre, on goes the pantomime with roar after roar till the curtain falls, when some of 4 the boys ' dress hurriedly and go to Gray's lodgings to inquire after, and, if necessary, to sit np with him ; but the doctor has been, and has given orders that no one is to see him. Then they 4 will come round in the morning.' But by the morning, Gray, who has been delirious all night, has been taken, by the doctor's orders, to the hos pital, where 4 the boys' are not allowed to see him. For three days the poor fellow tosses in wild delirium ; at times they have to hold him down. He 4 will go on for his part,' he raves ; and with a wearisome monotony of intonation he repeats the lines— Sing, shout, and dance; to look your jolliest, try, do ! Laugh till your sides ache ; enjoy yourself as I do ! Over and over again the jingle is repeated, and every now and then there is a tender, plaintive call for 4 Gradie.' Who was she ? Who is she ? Is she living still ? What was the link that bound the two together? What was the blow that snapped the link asunder and sent this poor waif to wander over the earth homeless and alone ? On the third evening (aB they are lighting ; the foot-lights at the theatre), a calm comes : over poor Gray at the hospital ; he has been still for a time, and the nurse who is watching him sees the large brown eyes unclose; and look round feebly, wonderingly. 4 Where am I V asks Gray. Kindly the nurse tells him of his illness. 4 1 shall lose my engagement,' he moans. 4 No, no ; the guv'nor has sent word that you are not to worry. Your salary will be paid all tbe same, and he and.all the compsny sent their best wishes for your recovery and for a Happy New 'Year.' 4 Thank God ! There's somebody thinking of me !' comes with a sob in a whisper from the bed, and the poor face, on which the death-dew is gathering, is turned slowly to the wall. Quite quiet and still he lies— no more tosBing, no more muttering. 4 He sleeps fct last,' thinks the norse, and she leaves him for a time. When she returns, he has not moved. She looks closer. He is dead. At the theatre they have just reached scene sixth of the pantomime, but Gray's part is cut out. Gray is gone. Whither? May we hope that he is 4 Among friends at last ?' New Year's morn, and the sun is shining, shining gaily on the frozen snow ; and on the frozen branches thefrest beads glisten , like myriads of diamonds in its bright clear rays. I Over the town the sun is shining over the factories, whose tall chimneys Beem to be vomiting their blackest smoke in vain endeavours to cloud its brightness ; over the church and over the theatre it gleams with most impartial splendour ; over God's Acre, on the hill-side yonder, the sun is shiniug, making it look less bleak and cold, preparing, it seemed, a welcome to the new comer who was soon to finish his earchly pilgrimage in the six feet of pound the company clubbed together to buy for the stranger. Slowly up the hill a procession is toiling, while the passing-bell booms out its monotonous 4 Come !' 'Come!' 'Come!' Up the hill and into the little chapel tbe com pany gather. All are there ; the harlequin, the columbine, the elown, the nantaloon, from the guv'nor to the call-boy, all are there, listening to the voice of the preacher. 4 1 am the resurrection and the life, saith the Lord.' Firmly as the fircst words are uttered, the voice is wavering and broken before he finishes, and his eyes, and those of all present, are dimmed with tears. Out of the chapel and on to the hill-side, still covered with the glistening snow. There is a fresh track of footsteps yonder, and that track is followed by the little hand oi mourners till they reach the new-made grave. Bound it all reverently kneel with uncovered heads. 4 Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,' almost sobs the priest, for he knows all that is known of the wanderer, and the story — meagre though it is — has touched him deeply. Kind hands drop winter flowers upon the coffin ; long, lingering looks are given at the plain name-plate and its inscription — 4 Henry Gray died 29th December, 187 — and then slowly all descend the hill, talking quietly and wondering deeply over the history of 4 the dear brother departed, whose body they had committed unto the ground.' -Who was he ? Whence came he? They never knew. Only a packet of letters tied with a faded ribbon, written in a woman's hand, undated, and without' address, signed simply 4 Gracie,' was found upon him and was buried -with him. Who was he ? Nobody knew, nobody cared! Except the players and the priest. . . . - . — The guv'nor went sadly to the theatre, and picked up that comic mask and put it cn the fire. The face was turned upwards, laughing still. The higher the blaze grew the more it laughed. It revelled in the flames, it crackled with glee; but tie end came, at last, the laugh was extinguished. 'Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.' k handful of charred cinders in the grate, a large flake of tinder caught np by the up- draught and whirled heavenward through the chimney: was the last the guv'nor saw of 1 Ibat Comic Mask,— Era, 3 