HER OWN ENEMY.' ChapteuXV.—Thb Two Sentences. lr a a noma expose , saia Arc me cjeymour, lighting a cigar with a more serious air than he had been known to wear in the memory of man. 'And between you and me, Berkeley' — very confidentially— rl can't think that Dyeart was quite a free agent. Leigh's an easy-going fellow, but he's got a temper and a will/ Ah, well,' replied Mr.<3bsrKe Berkeley, with whom Seymour was proceeding up Begen$ street . one hrtgh£ afternoon, > ' that don't concern anyone bufcthetnselves, Archie, my boy. Dysart is an infernal scoundrel, and I hope he'll git it heavy. He's bpen before the magistrates, I- saw in -the papers j- and there was jnst enough evidence "to commit. But, I say, what a fass the people down there made#-they had to get but Dysart by a bapkexit, and Leigh waited till the crowd had dispersed a little before he left.' .. ... v - ' He'sin tovte ; I- eawr him/»fcaf d Archie ; 4 and theLynna, tod-at least, lira. Temple- ton told mev It comea hh pieat weeb, you know. ' A' Go ? dfsnrw. :A1I the world will go; . I am and aplftok, a« thejVdllniiqfbtkeBA-- 4 ' toM&fffcb; mfig 4t tobve. Not thkt»IiePed those Wellft aeufcriow Lady Lei|h wy «1> botit; mast to&tomis.; things looktofepBeOhqrKe.A% I it's the only her, and he, Sibd expose. But, I sa&n; tow ifc he V He Wafe ordered abroad for the winter, and he is straight from the south o I France in this mixture of damp and frost/ . He was obliged to come, you see. He looked well enough, considering, when I saw him. I was awfully glad he did,' said Archie, entbueiasticaUy. 4 1 could enjoy a pitoh into that beggar Dysart with the greatest zest. Oh, I eay, Charlie, that pretty Connie Fane' came up with the Leighs.' Did she ?'exclaimod Charlie, who had been somewhat smitten. 4 Yes, my boy ; but you've not the ghost of a chance. She's engaged to young Erricgton, the diva's brother.' ' Well, I call that a shame 1 And he's nearly as poor as I am.' 4 1 don fi think the Fanes bother their heads about money,' said Archie. 4 She's rich, yon know -far richer than Evelyn Errington ever was, and can afford to marry for love.' 4 That's a luxury I can't afford,' said Berkeley, twirling his heavy moustache. 4 I wish that dear little thing, Millie Errington, were better off — I might give her a look.' 4 Indeed ; she'd feel mightily obliged if aha knew it,' said Seymour, laughing. 'She won't want for 'offers once she's out-. Let alone her own attractions, she is sister to the reigning beauty.' 4 Perhaps she won't reign this season,' said Charlie. It depends to a great extent on the issue of this trial. She may not come out of it cleared.' 4 Nonsense !' interrupted Archie, reddening rather angrily; 'dont you suppose Leigh has taken care of that ? What's the good of dragging their private affairB before the world if they're to get nothing out of it ? And a lot must come out they'd rather keep quiet.' 4 That's always the case,' said Berkeley, philosophically, not being personally con cerned in the case. 4 Now, Archie, let's turn and come and have a game of billiards at the Criterion/ To which proposition Seymour willingly assented, and they turned back amidst the throng. Thisjrial was the talk of London. The news or the proceedings at Lynn had been devoured with the utmost avidity, and on the day when it was to come on the beholder might have thought all the upper ten were in force to see the crested carriages that stretched along th8 length of the narrow street leading to the court. And after all it could not tafie long — it would be to a great extent formal. But the -whole affair was full of an interest not without a tinge ofr0manc6 ; some of ,the persons concerned in it were favourites and high in the world, and there was an intense curiosity, especially amongst the feminities, to see Lord Leigh, who had been hardly once beheld in London since last- season, and who was surrounded now with a sort of halo. Evelyn Leigh would rather have suffered physical torture than enter the court that day, and remained at- home, with faithful Connie to bear her com pany. But though no disappointment awaited them as to seeing Lord Leigh, there was some as to his mode of entrance, though no one could have said what else they expected. Those who had sat " patiently through a highly interesting and entertaining murder case, saw, when this case was called on, Lord Lynn come in, leaning on his son's arm, and followed by Cecil Leigh, ; and all three took their places very quietly, Instantly every glass was la veiled at the latter— how would he look— what do? Those sharp eyes, male and female, took in' every item : their owners knew he was wearing a furred ulster, which he never even loosened, as did his companions ; that he sat some minutes without looking up or speaking — then that he bowed with a slight smile to one or two people, apd afterwards said something to Lord Lynn. They agreed that no one would have imagined that he had been ajs ill as he had been. _ .' He looks handsomer than ever, I declare,' said the Countess of AHenmere to her daughter ; 4 and that dark far just sets him off. I can't see any other difference, Julia — I only . wish my skin looked as rich and clear. Lady Julia sighed a little — perhaps she wished hers did, too; and thought it a mistake in nature to have bestowed such an embellish ment on a man|and denied it to a woman— but the entrance of the prisoner turned her thoughts and her binocular in another direction. He looked pale and nervous, and, to a keen sight, appeared to shrink at first from the gaze of those numerous eyes. So many assembled there be had known in the fashionable world— to so many he had borne an honourable character, apparently free from even the failings that are looked upon with soph amiable leniency ; but he presently recovered himself and looked round the court, though Lady Allenmere, after a long scrutiny, whispered to her daughter that he avoided the placq where the witnesses sat. \ Thenv-came the formal question, 4 Guilty or not guilty?' and everyone held their breath to hearths answer. It came after a pause — a paup in which Lord Leigh's eyes were lifted/suddenly and met the prisoner's fall, -and/the low, but clear, 'Guilty, my lord,' sept an electrical thrill through the court. vV The Attorney General rose in his place and opened the case without any comments on the 4 unfortunate circumstances,' 4 sad occurrences/ etc., common on such occasions. He stated everything very lucidly, beginning by saying that the name of a noble and beautiful lady, well known in society as bearing a spotless character, had ' been aspefsed, and it was to blear that name that hiscUentJbad taken this course. The prisoner had been ready to do all he could to repair the wrong done, as his lordship would see by his pleading guilty to the charge brodgbt against hip, and though the charge in . mi m i hum miwjuL — — ran in the usual form, he did not for a moment imagine that the prisoner contemplated taking the life of Lord Leigh'. Most of what, he then went on to stats was already known to everyone present — the position as welcome guest Dyeart held in the Leighs house, hia host's suspicion of him, then Evelyn's departure from London. It waa true, he said, Lady Leigh for reasons into which he need not entor, did leave her husbaud's house —and the Attorney- General gazed serenely on the fases around .which changed to every variety of horror and ' I told you so '—but. the learned gentleman pursued, it was with her husband's consent, -as he would presently prove from her own lips. He would also prove that Lady Leigh, in company with her maid, travelled straight to her father's house, and never lefc it until 8he went with hsr husband to France. He finished hia speech hv saying very earnestly — 4 My client would have let this matter rest had not his wife's honour been concerned. His sole reason for bringing this forward is to p/rove to the world that Lady Leigh was unaware of the feelings entertained towards her by the prisoner, and never saw him from the time she left London, nor heard from him. My client assures me he believes the blow struck at him was struck in a moment of passion, as I believe your lordship and gentlemen ' — to the jury — 4 will conclude from the circumstance I have explained. Taking that into consideration, and the fact that the prisoner has done all in his power to atone for what he has done, I venture; in my client's name and at his wish, to express the hope that you will see it consistent with that duty you owe to the law and your o wn responsible positions to temper justice with mercy. I will now call Lord Leigh.' Again that thrill of some nameless feeiiug went through the packed throng, and every head was bent forward as Cecil Leigh rose quietly, and ae quietly tpok the usual oath, with no change in his manner except a reverence rarely seen during that brief ceremony. That done, he answered all questions put to him with a straightfor wardness, a speaking to the point, peculiar to the educated witness, and withal with a simple dignity that seemed oblivions of tneir close connection with himself. Questioning him as to Evelyn's departure, the Attorney- General said — 4 Lady Leigh, then, went to her father's with your consent ?' 4 Certainly— with my consent.' 4 Had you any reason to suppose she did not go straight to Lynn ?' 4 None whatever. I received this letter '— handing him one — 'from her the next day informing me of her arrival, at an hour which left no time for any divergence.' He stood immovable as a statue while his counsel handed the letter to the judge, and few would have thought how keenly alive he was to the /act that everyone was looking at and listening to him. His evidence - con firmed al! the Attorcey- General had stated, dwelling slightly on his conviction that the prisoner had no intention of taking life. 'Thank you— that will do,' said his counsel- 4 Lord Lynn ' — and Cecil went back to his place. Lynn simply proved Evelyn's arrival that same evening at Lynn, that she had never been out alone — never left the grounds, in fact, till the day her husband was shot, and to his certain knowledge knew nothing what ever of the prisoner s whereabouts. Dysart's counsel gave a negative to the question — 4 Would be cross-examine?' and Lord Lynn rejoined Cecil. The same silenoe reigned when Mr. Walsh began speaking. He did not deny a single fact he admitted all that had been said by the prosecution ; he would offer neither palliation nor excuse, except to say that the prisoner had fired in the heat of passion, with no premeditation, and no distinct intention of killing. All that had been stated concerning his feelings towards Lady Leigh was trne, bat he would say most emphatically, speaking as the mouth-piece of the prisoner — and here he raised his voice and spoke impressively— that Lady Leigh, whose fair name had been . most causelessly aspersed, never knew that such feelings existed. It had been his special care to oonceal them from' her, believing snch knowledge would procure his instant dismissal fron/ her soelety and house. She knew nothing whatever of his being near Lynn ; he had never written a ljne to her or received one from her since she left home nor for v weeks before — then only a note concerning some musical doings. He wisbed to express his deepest regret that he had been the means of calling in question Lady Leigh's name ; to take this opportunity of saying — and none could know it better than he — that she was totally innocent of all that had been said against; her, and to add to that his wish to do alt he could to remove the stigma that had been laid on her. In language that rose to eloquence, but was -so temperate and reasonable that it carried convict-ion, Mr. Walsh said all this and much more, and his asseverations were borne out by. the action of Lord Leigh, who had proved his faith in tbe lady in question. .He concluded by saying that for the rest the prisoner threw himself on the mercy of the court, and Bat down. There could be but one verdiot. of coarse, And when ifi was given everyone moved rest- lessly, as if they expected something to happen, but no other sound broke the silence, till there rose a sweet clear voiee, and every eye turned to the speaker. Lord Leigh had risen suddenly and asked the judge if he might be allowed to say- a few words' — and the benign old judge bowed a courteous assent. With his earnest blue eyes looking straight into the judge's face, bespoke, and the appeal he made gained double force, not alone with women, but with every man there, from the noble beauty of face and form, from the charm of a melodious voice, and that pare delicate accent which belongs to the highly cultured classes. 4 1 only wish, mylord,' he said, acknowledg ing the permission accorded- him by a slight inclination, 4. to confirm my counsel's plea for the prisoner, and to prefer in my own person the request ha has made. - The injury done has been done to me and mine — it has been as far as possible atoned for. I am satisfied that the prisoner has done his utmost to clear my wife. I am satisfied' — there was a slight haughty stress on the pronoun, an involuntary haughty glance round the sea of faces— 4 that he has succeeded. May I ask you, my lord, to consider this, and to accept my thanks for your kind attention ?' Bowing again, he sat down, amidst a perfect hum of applause, losing for an instant his almost painful calm ; his momentary change of colour, the long-drawn heavy breath showing to Lord Lynn — to no one else — how that last effort had tried him. In answer to the usual question, Austin Dysart answered slowly, in a low, almost in distinct voice — 4 Nothing, my lord, but this—to respect, as if I were a dying man, and to ask your belief and the belief of the world in, my words as if they were the last — that I alone have been guilty— that from first to last Lady Leigh has given me no word or look that could encourage me or wrong herself — and this the world in which I then lived knows well. I aek her pardon for the injnry I have done her personally, and for all the suffering I have caused her and her husband. For Lord Leigh's consideration of myself I beg to thank him.' The words were genuine, the manner still more so — -that of a man whose better self prompts him, and whose every word is troth. Perhaps that unexpected appeal from Leigh, that thorough doing of what he bad promised, th6 perfect faith with one who had so wronged him, touched all that was unblemished in the man's heart ; and so Cecil's intensely sympathetic nature read it. Whilst others applauded, his eyes once more met Dysart's, and this time there was in that look a touch of gratitude. 1 All listened when the judge began to speak, very deliberately, as became an old man and one of Her Majesty's judges. The prisoner, he said, had confessed fce the erime of attempt ing to shoot Lord Leigh — with what intent he probably was not a wars at the time — happily, the attempt had been1 unsuccessful, and not even Lord Leigh's own friends could rejoice in that faet more than the prisoner. So he began, and then went on to animadvert on the other point imported into the case- — which, in fact, had been raisoji d'etre for all these proceedings (and if be guessed further he said nothing of it), the name of a lady well known in soeiety had been called in question, her honour impugned, as much by tim foolish tattle of society as from any serious grounds there were for impugning it. The evidence given, which could not be doubted, the words of prisoner's counsel — still mere, the emphatic and earnest denial of the prisoner himself, had completely broken down any idea, even of impropriety, as con nected with Lady Leigh. Spotless was the character sbehad always borne, the vehefable judge said, raising his voice, and casting his calm eyes round on the eager listeners and motionless form of Evelyn's husband — and spotless was that character now. Here the murmur of irrepressible applause checked him, and somehow that spontaneous ex pression of feeling did not wound even Leigh —it was so true and real; he could feel grateful for it. Perhaps, the judge resumed, they hardly needed to be convinced by hard and dry evi dence—Lady Leigh's own life was in itself sign and evidence of it. The prisoner had dona his utmost to clear her— had defended her at his own expense — had left no stone unturned to that end. He felt bonnd to take that into consideration. The sentence would be that he be imprisoned for the space of three months without hard labour. And then the tension which had held the audience breathlessly silent gave way. There was a burst of applause, and the crowd with- 1 out hearing it, caught it up and cheered again and again. It seemed to Btartle Leigh, for he suddenly lifted his head rose, then sat down again, half dizzy. Like as if in a mist he saw the throng hurry ing out in the dim light of the January after noon, and heard the coarse cries outside His darling was saved, bat he felt, as we do, when from some bright dream we wake slowly and the shadows of daily life come trooping round us again, as if this dream too must fade. Then, that momentary feeling passed, the csu ii rea88erte<i itself, and again he rose. _ ' Shah we go,' father ?' he said, character istically uttering no word on what had just passed. 4 1 wish we could Avoid that crowd, tbgugh/ 1 "/The carriage is up ;' said Edgar, making his way to them, 4 the people who know us are gone, so it will not so much matter." He thought it did not, but then he was Evelyn's brother, not her husband, and differently constituted. Cecil almost shivered when the crowd cheered him as he came out, and though he bowed graciously enough, bit his lip, and once in the carriage flung himself back, thankful that the terrible strain was over. Edgar and his father, speaking in low tones, did not address a word to him — he scarcely seemed to hear them, sitting silent with folded arms and downcast eyes. But in truth he heard every word, and Edgar's whisper that the judge mast have gneBsed what had been behind the scenes, though he appeared to accept what was told him. He had known that, too, all along, but whose interest was it tc combat that ? They reached St. James's Square, and Leigh was the first to spring out and give his hand to Lord Lynn, to whose questioning look he answered — 4 I'll not come in now, thanks — I must go home. Wel come round to-morrow.' He caught Bight of Millie's entreating face at the window, and as he smiled at her he shook his head, hut he had a bright jest for Edgar when he told him he would send Connie round that evening, and clasped his hand with a brother's close clasp. 'Home,' he gave- the order to the coach man, and as fast as the beautiful greys could go they galloped to Str&tton; street, as if they knew the yearning in their master's heart, and that the minutes were to him like years. (TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT ISSUE.) 