TJIJ3 0MU3HT MAN» " AUEIIO Largo," or " Long-Hide," accord ing to tho English derivation o£ the Spanish word, burned himsolf to death at the Heal del Castillo, California. For somo time tho old In dianhadbeon fecblo and unable to walk. During tho recent heavy raina that fell in that region the old man sought refugo in a cabin near by. Last week ho crawled up to tho house of Scnor Francisco X'arma and told him ho was very hungry, Tho latter gave him a good* dinner, besides Airmailing provisions lor fu ture emergencies and thon instrnctod tho other Indians at tho ranohoria to oaro for him. They roplicd that they had always dono so, as thoy ontortained unusual rover, once lor tho old man on account of his ago. Thursday, tho data in question, was a cold day in Lower California, and "Long Hido" was givon an extra blanket by his dusky friends. This ho soon toro into strips, put thom on a (Ira and soon his " teepe" or brush house, was all ablaze. When this hail boon accomplished, despair for tho moment scorn ing to Eeiiio him, ho plunged headlong into tho burning mass, A stout young Indian near by seized him and tried to drag him out of danger, but tho old man grabbed a stake in tho ground near by, hold himsolf in tho flro, and before othor help could come was literally roasted alive, dying within a fow hours .after tho occuranco mentioned. " Long Hide" was married and tho fathor of soveral children wlion tho miss ion of San Diego was built, ono hundred and twenty years ago, and from what he told parties who visited him ho must have been not leas than thirty years of ago at tho timo, Three or four years ago ho lost a son who could remember when tho mission was first built by Franciscan friars. This son must have been not ICSB thon 120 years of ago, " Long Hido" told of the first settlement of Old Town years before tho mission was built, of tho ooming of ships for water at liussian springs, and many things of great interest in the past history of Sau Diego and vicinity. Jaun Molcndroz who lives near tho Beat del Castillo, says ho knew " Long Hido" fifty years ago and that ho appeared noarly as old thon as he did tho week before ho died. Ho says that the old man frequently beat tho best horses owned in tho country on trips to San Diego, ono hundred miles distant from tho Heal, and that ho ofton chased deer until thoy gavo up with fatiguo, Ho would then cap turo thom after thoy had laid down for rest. Until a yoar ago ho was ablo to walk about and travel quito well. Since then he has been obliged to orawl about, on all foura, liko a cat or dog. He retained his'sight perfectly and all tho faculties of mind up to the day ho died.-Sail Diego Sun, HOWN IN T1IF, DAllK, DOWN in tho lower levols of our mines, hundreds of feet bolow tho surface of tho earth, in tho dominions of Erebus, where darkness over holds its reign unbroken by tho light of day, aro found somo curious growths. The grass Valloy Tlilino* makes tho follow ing mention of a spccimon of this subterran can vegetation : " On Saturday somo miners found a rather queer specimen in tho 700 lovel in the Idaho mine. Tho specimen which was found among the timber, is a sort of fungus (punk, wobeliovo tho miners call it), and is just tho shape of a human hand. Tho hand has five fingers and a thumb, and appears to be in a sort of cramp ed position. It is a singular looking speci men, and may bo seen at the Wisconsin hotel." In tho lower levels of tho Comstoek mines -particularly those long abandoned or un used-aro seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fungi. Somo of these aro of great size, almost filling up drifts, and seen by tho dim light of a oandlo look liko sheeted ghosts. Down bolow in tho dark those growths scorn to strivo to imitate tho forms of things scon on the surface. In ono of our mines was once found an imitation of a f^nmfully-earved meershaum pipe n"d Qj'> so perfeot that it would oaa.'bj b0 "for tho genuine articleif noi'4jRi^.V!rfuio hand and closely ex nniined. home of tho fungi resemble tho horns of animals, and are from two feet to a yard in length, whilo others might pass for petrified dovil-ilsh.-Vinjinia Knferprlne, A connEHi'ONPENT oI the Rochester Post Hrprm, describing the burning of a dwolling house in Clifton Springs, recently, says tlmt bccause of a peculiar state of tho atmosphero n curious spectaolo was presented, Tho southern sky was illuminated by a broad crimson glare, and from the centre of this, extending far lip into tho sky, was a blood rod streak, such as is often produced by the explosion of a sky-rocket. This streak re mained long after tho reflection of the blaze had died away. IT is hard to personate and act a part long, for where truth is not at the bottom, naturo will always bo endeavouring to return, and will peep out and betray herself one time or other,-Tillotson, To divert at any timo a troublcsomo fancy, run to thy books ; tlioy presently fix thee to them, and drive the other out of thy thoughts, They always receivo thee with the same kind ncfls.-Fuller, NATUKALISTH aay that A HI'nglo swallow devour (>000 flies a day( 