The Storyteller. Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; "WELL," Mr. Graeme said, as he drew near, " I am glad to see you getting on so well together." "How do you know we have been getting on well, Hector?" asked his sister, with something of the contradictory tone which both in jest and earnest is too common between near relations. " Because you have been talking incessantly ever since you met." " But we have been only contradicting each other all the time." " I could tell that too by the sound of your voices at my dressing-room window, but I took it for a good sign." " I fear mine was almost the only voice you heard," said Donal. "It is a fault of mine to talk, and I fear I have learned it in a way that makes it difficult to be cured." " What way was that?" asked Mr. Graeme. "By having nobody to talk to. I learned it on the hillside with my sheep, and in the meadows with my cattle. At college I thought I was nearly cured of it; but now, in my comparative solitude at the castle, it has come back upon me." "You come here then," said Mr. Graeme, " when you find it getting too much for you. You will find my sister quito equal to the task of your deliverance. Similia similibus, as the homoeopaths say." " She has shown no sign of such a power yet, I am sorry to say," remarked Donal, as Miss Graeme, in a somewhat hoydenish yet not ungraceful fashion, made an attempt to box the ear of her slanderous brother —a proceed ing he had anticipated, and so was able to frustrate. "You wait till she knows you better," he said, " and you will find my sister Kate any man's match for volubility." " Even if I were," she answered, " I must know something about the thing in hand; Mr. Grant has been talking so as quite to bewilder me. He has been actually trying to persuade me" "I beg your pardon, Miss Graeme, but I have been trying to persuade you of nothing." " What! not to believe in ghosts and necro mancy and witchcraft and the evil eye and ghouls and vampires, and I don't know what all of the things we used to hear from nurses and read in old annuals?" "I give you my word, Mr. Graeme," answered Donal, laughing, " I have not been persuading your sister of any of these. lam certain she could be persuaded to nothing of which I had not first shown her the common sense. What I did dwell upon, and that without a doubt that she would accept it, was the evident fact that writing and printing have done more to bring us into personal relations with the great ones of our race—and that by no figure of speech, but in absolute fact — than necromancy could ever have done, even t ranting the magician all the power he claimed, 'he nearest, I say, that we can come to abso lute contact with the being of a man is when we learn from himself the way he thinks about the things he loves best to think about, hearing him, as it were, in his own way, and, without thought of our presence, pour forth his thoughts into the ear of the universe. And in such a position does the book of a great man place us. That was what I meant to convey to your sister." "And," said Mr. Graeme, "she is not such a ?;oose as to have failed to understand you, hough she has chosen to pretend stupidity." "I am sure," persisted the lady, "Mr. Grant talked so as to mako mc think he believed in necromancy and all that sort of thing." " That may be," said Donal, " but I did not try to persuade you to believe in it." " Oh, if you are going to hold me to the letter! said Miss Graeme, colouring a little. It would bo impossible to get on with such a man, she thought, who not only preached when you had not the pulpit to protect you from nim, but stuck so to his text that there was no amusement to be got out of the business. He was so long-winded! She did not know that if she could have met him on his own ground, and broken the flow of his thoughts with fitting opposition, his answers would have come short and sharp as the flashes of waves on rocks, instead of in the slow roll of the ocean tide. " I should think," said Mr. Graeme, "if Mr. Grant believes in such things, he must find himself at home in the terrible old castle up there, every room of which might well be the haunt of some weary ghost." " Excuse me, Mr. Graeme," said Donal "but I think you are wrong in supposing that any work of man's hands, however awful because of crime done in it, he may leave behind him could have an influence on those that come after to make them believe in the marvellous, in the least degree comparable to the still presence of life thinking Nature herself. I never saw an old castle before—at least not to make any close acquaintance with it —but there is not a portion or an aspect of the grim old survival up there, interesting as it all is, that moves me at all as the mere thought of a hillside, with the veil of the twilight coming down over it, slow revealing it—for some veils are for unveiling— as the last step of a stair for the descending foot of the Lord." " Surely, Mr. Grant, you do not expect such a personal advent!" said Miss Graeme. " I should not like to say what I do or don't expect," said Donal—and he held his peace, for he saw that this mode of uttering himself was a stumbling-block to his listeners. k- Then the silence grew so awkward that Mr. Graeme felt his good breeding required him to say something from the side of the man who he supposed felt himself at last snubbed by his sister. "If you are fond of the marvellous, Mr. Grant," he said, " there are a good many old stories about the castle that would interest you. In my childhood I was in the way of hearing not a few, and liked listening to them so much —all the more for certain sensations about the roots of my hair—that it now seems to me strange how entirely they have passed from me. I can remember how I felt, but not the cause of my so feeling. One of them indeed was brought to my mind the other day in town. It is strange how superstition seems to have its ebbs and flows ! A story or legend will go to sleep for a 1 Tho solo right of publication in Queensland of "Donal Grant" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. time, and then revive with quite a fresh interest, no one knows why." " Probably," said Donal, " it is when the tale falls upon some fresh soil suited to its recep tion. They are now in many counties trying to get together and preserve the remnants of such tales ; perhaps some wind of such inquiry may have set the old people rousing and searching their memories and tne young ones inventing; that would account for a good deal, would it not?" " Yes, but not for all, I think. There havo been no such inquiries made anywhere near us, so far as lam aware. I was at the Morven Arms last night to meet a tenant, and there tho tradesmen were talking over their toddy about various doings at the castle, and their frightful consequences, in one case at least. I should have thought it had all been forgotten by this time. The ratio of forgetting increases." " I should like to hear it!" said Donal. "Do tell hira, Hector," said Miss Graeme, " and I will watch his hair." "That will yield you no gratification,"re turned Donal, " for it is the hair of those who mock at such things that is in danger of a breach of manners; when their imagination is excited in that direction it affects their nerves more than the belief of the others affects theirs." "Now I have you!" cried Miss Graeme. " What you havo just said shows quite plainly thatyou are a believer in those things." "That is too general a conclusion to come to. You might as well say that because I believe the Bible I believe everything the man in the pulpit says ! In regard to every utterance we nave a right, sometimes a duty, of trying it whether it be of the truth or not. Some tales I should reject with a contempt that would satisfy even Miss Graeme ; of others I might say—'These seem as if they might be true:' and of still others, ' These ought to De true, 1 think.' But do tell me the story." "It is not," replied Mr. Graeme, "a very peculiar one—certainly not peculiar to our castle; a similar legend belongs to several in Scotland, and, I fancy, in other countries as well. There is one not far from here, round whose dark basements —or hoary battlements —who shall say which ?—floats a similar story. It is of a hidden room, whose position or entrance nobody knows, and connected with which are various vague and broken rumours." "It is," said Donal, " a species of report very likely to arise by a kind of cryptogamic generation. The common people, seeing from without the huge proportions of the place, and themselves accustomed to the narrowest dwell ings, and perhaps upon occasion admitted to a succession of rooms and passages, to them as intricate and confused as a rabbit warren, in which they find it impossible to retrace even a few steps from the door, must be very ready, I should think, to imagine the existence of places within unknown even to the inhabitants them selves of the pile. I beg your pardon. Do tell us the story of it ?" " Mr. Grant," said Kate, "you perplex me. I begin to doubt if you have any principles. One moment you take one side and the next the other!" "No, no; I only love my own side too well to let any traitors into its ranks. I would have nothing to do with lies." " Oh, it iB all lies together." "Then I want to hear this one," said Donal merrily, and Mr. Graeme began. "Whether it belongs to this castle by right I cannot tell, but as I nave heard it attributed to another I daresay it is widespread and you have heard it before. It is this: During the earldom of a certain recklessly wicked man, who not only oppressed his poor neighbours by robbing thera, and even slaying them when his wrath was kindled, but actually went so far as to break the Sabbath, and behave as wickedly on that as on any other day of the week, a com pany was seated late one Saturday night play ing cards, and drinking, and talking as such would talk. And all the time Sunday was drawing nearer and nearer, and nobody heeded. At length one of thera, seeing the hands of the clock at a quarter to 12, made the remark that it was time to stop. He did not mention the sacred day, but all knew what he meant. Thereupon the earl laughed, and told him that, if he was afraid of tho kirk-session, he might go, and another would take his hand. But the man sat still, and said no more till the clock gave tho warning to the hour. Then he spoke again, and said it was almost the Sabbath Day, and they ought not to go on playing. As he said it his mouth was pulled all on one side. But the earl struck his fist on the table, and Bwore a great oath that if any man rose ho would run him through. " 'What care I for tho Sabbath 1' he said. 'I gave you your chance to go,' he added, turning to the man who had spoken—he was dressed in black like a minister— * and you would not take it; now you shall sit where you are.' He glared fiercely at the man, and the man returned his gaze with an equally fiery stare. And now the company first began to discover what perhaps through the fumes of the whisky and the smoke of the pine torches they had not observed before, that none of them know the man; not one of them had ever seen him before. And they looked at him and could not turn their eyes from him, and a cold terror began to creep through their vitals. But the stranger kept his fierce scornful look fixed on the earl, and spoke. 'And I have given you your chance,' he said, 'and you would not take it; now you shall sit still where you are, and no Sabbath shall you ever see. That moment the clock began to strike, and the man's mouth came straight again. But when the hammer had struck six times, it struck no more, and the clock stopped. 'This day twelvemonth,' said the man, ' you shall see me again, and once the same time every year till your time is up—and I hope you will enjoy Jour game!' The earl would have sprung to is feet, but could not, and the man was nowhere to be seen. He had vanished, taking with him both door and windows of the room —not as Samson carried off the gates of Gaza, however, for he left not the least sign of where they had been. And from that day to this no one has been able to find the room ; and there the wicked earl and his companions to this day sit playing with the same pack of cards and waiting their doom. Some have said that on that same day of the year—only, unfortunately, testimony differs as to the day—shouts of drunken laughter may be heard issuing from somewhere in the castle, but, as to whence they come, none can ever agree as to the direction even from which they come. That is the story." " And a very good one too!" said Donal. " I wonder what the ground of it is ; small enough foundation is wanted for such 1 It must have had its beginning as well as every true story 1" " Thon you believe it?" said Miss Graeme— " of course you do I" " Not quite," ho replied. " For one thing a certain experience I have had up there is rather against it." "What! you have seen something!" cried Miss Graeme, her big eyes growing bigger, and revealing that she was quite ready to listen to a talc of wonder of her own time. " No, I have seen nothing," answered Donal, " only heard something I cannot account for. —One night, the first I was there indeed, waking up suddenly, I heard the sound of a far-otf musical instrument, faint and sweet, but such as nearer might have been a powerful sound." The brother and sister changed looks. Donal went on. . " I got up and felt my way down the winding stair—l sleep at the bottom of Baliol's tower but at the bottom lost myself, and had to sit down and wait for the light. Then I heard it again, but seemed no nearer to it than before, and I have never heard it since. I have never mentioned the thing before, but I presume speaking of it to you can do no harm. You at least will not raise any fresh rumours to injure the respectability of the castle. I cannot dis cover any instrument in the castle from which sucli a sound might have proceeded. Lady Arctura is no musician, I am told, and certainly was not likely to be at her piano in the middle of the night." "It is difficult to say how far sound may travel in the stillness of the night, when thero are no other sound-waves to cross and break it." "That is all very well, Hector," said his sister; "but you know that Mr. Grant is neither the first nor the second who has heard that sound—and in the night too." " One thing is pretty clear," said her brothor, " it can have nothing to do with the revellers at their cards. The sounds reported are of a different kind from any that could come from them!" "That," said Donal, "is why I said ray experience was against the tale. But are you sure none of them had a violin with him ? He might be glad enough to take to one if he had, and the sound might have been that of a ghostly or ghastly violin." ' " What horrible words you use, Mr. Grant 1' said Miss Graeme, with a shudder sufficient to reveal to Donal that it was from no lack of imagination that she insisted on a common place view of things mysterious. "The sound," pursued Donal, "though like that of a .stringed instrument, was so different from anything I had ever heard before—except perhaps certain equally inexplicable sounds occasionally heard among the hills—that a word of eerie terror seems fittest to use with it." Thus they went on talking for a wliilc, as up and down the sunny garden they walked, the sun hot above their heads, and the grass cool under their feet. •J" It is enough," said Miss Graeme, with a laugh a little forced, "to make one glad that the castle does not go with the title." " Why so ?" asked Donal. " Because," she answered, " though wo are but distantly related to the family, were any thing to happen to the boys up there, Hector would come in to the title. "Then you would only have the music to the bargain," said Donal. "I cannot say I am of my sister's mind," said Mr. Graeme. " A title with nothing to keep it up I should count a simple misfortune. I certainly should not take out the patent, of what do you call it? No wise man would never lay claim to a title except he had the means to make it respected." " Have we come to that," exclaimed Donal, " that even the old titles of the country must be buttressed into respectability by the money alongside of them ? We away in quiet places reading old history books arc accustomed to think differently. What better are they than that of Earl of Arundel would be if a million aire money-lender were to buy the old keep ?" " I believe that is the dangerous condition of that title," said Mr. Graeme, perhaps wil ling to give the subject the slip—only Donal would not let him. " If I were the inheritor of a title," ho per sisted, " I would, were I as poor as Lazarus, take it and use it, if only to give a lesson to Dives upstairs. I scorn to think that honour should wait on the heels of wealth. You may think it is because I am, have been, and always shall be a poor man, but if I know myself it is not so. At the same time it is but a trifle, and if you had said you would not use it for any other reason than in homage to mammon I should have had nothing to say." " For ray part," said Miss Graeme, "I have no quarrel with riches, except that they do not come ray way. I should know how to make good use of them." Donal made no other reply than lay in turn ing a look of divinely stupid surprise and pity upon the face of the young woman. He knew it was of no use to say anything. Argument was so little to the point that, were it absolutely triumphant, Mammon would sit jus where he was before. In reading the New Tcstiment — reading it, that is, as if the Master actually meant something, and that the best thing, equally when .he spoke and when he was silent —he had marked the great indifference of the Lord as to the convincing of the understanding: when they knew the thing itself, then they would understand its relations and its reasons —certainly not before. If truth belonged to the human soul, then that soul was able to see it and know it: if it did the truth, it took therein the first possible, and almost the last necessary, step towards understanding it. Miss Graeme caught his look, and must have understood its expression if not the cause of it, for her face became of a more than rosy red, and the conversation grew crumbly. It was a half holiday, and Donal stayed to tea with them, and after it went over the farm buildings with Mr. Graeme, revealing such a practical knowledge of all that was going on there that his entertainer soon saw ho must treat him as one whose opinion was worth something, whether his fancies were or not. And so began an acquaintance which, in the absence of others which might have been more attractive on cither side, ripened into an inti macy, and thence into a friendship, which was a great comfort to Donal; for, however capable of living alone, he was as ready as any man to flourish afresh in genial human atmospheres. He that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how shall he love God whom he hath not [TO BE CONTINUED.] A Woonhockkt man in Hoston who went to hcr.r Mark Twain. and by unmake got in whore Joseph Cook was lecturing, did not know tho dif ference. " Was It funny !" askod his family on his return. '"Wall, yes, was his rouly, "it was funny, but it wasn't so darned funny' 