THE-EUROPEAN MAIL. Titi MELBOÜHSE-GALLE. THE A.S.N. Company's steamer Ranelagh, which arrived last evening, brought the Queens- land portion of the mails per P. and O. Com- pany's R.M.S. Nizam to date London 12th January, a fortnight later than the last Torres Straits mail ¡ OLD COUNTRY NOTES. [FROM OUR OWN CORBESPONDRNT.] LONDON', January 12. A young girl, dying from that scourge of the British Islands, consumption, sent Mr. Gladstone last week, with a simple note, a book- marker, worked with her own hands ; and, in acknowledging the humble tribute of admira- tion, the Premier, touchingly referred to the solemn journey as to which, he said, if he did not precede her, ho could not be long in follow- ing her. Almost at the same time as the publi- cation of this correspondence, there appeared the announcement that, by the peremptory order of his medical adviser, the Primo Minister had abandoned the tour he had medi- tated next week to his Midlothian constituents. He was to visit Edinburgh, and Paisley, and Glasgow, and the tour was to be the political event of the recess. AVc arc assured, however, that there is nothing serious the mutter w ith " the grand old man," who caught cold while felling a tree at Hawnrdcn, and has not yet got over the strain of the haràsing session of 18S2. But Gladstone's friends and admirers aro nevertheless very anxious about him. There is a beliof, in sjñte of his wonderful mental and physical powers, that his career is over, and that any day we may hear that he is no more. The fiist deputation which Lord Derby will receive is to bo one upon the labonrtrnffic of the Western Pacific. All the Agents-General arc to be prc8ent'and let us hope many of the lies which have been told will be denied, and the cloud of misreprcsentationsto which I have often referred dispersed. The Commissioners who are to inquiro into thq subj'ect will not take evidence, it is supposed, for some mouths, but they hold a preliminary meeting shortly, Tho latest application of the dagger to the repu- tation of Queensland was in Monday's Daily News. The stabbcr.was tho Rev. H. S. Fagan, of Great Cressingham Rectory. The letter he 'wrote was part of a correspondence going on about what is termed " Scaffold protestations of innocence." Some of the Irish murderers, you may remember, upon tho scaffold declared their innocence. Thereupon tho Irish national Press insisted that Catholics under such circum- stances would not dare declare falsely. In a short leader the Daily JVOTW, in common with other papers, argued that ruffians who assassi- nated women and children would not bo squeamish over a lie., Hence the correspon- dence. The rector of Great Cressingham cuts in and has his say. It is not clear which side of the controversy he honours with his support, but he seems to be on the side of the murderers. He is, howover, clear enough towards the end of Ins letter, in which ho says, " Let me veut ure to remind your readers that this shocking idea of ' killing no murder ' is not confined to un- cultured Irish-speaking peasants. Your Queens- land squatter, often an amiable gentleman, whose hospitality you would fearlessly accept, though your portmanteau contained any amount of gold-dust, does not take it to bo murder to lay a poisoned sheep in the way oj a tribe of blacks, because some black- or outer has been marauding in the ueiijhbuiirhooil. Ho docs not even give the blacks the ' notice' which the Irish peasant always accords to the victim of his delusion as to what is justifiable in pri- vate war." I had hoped by this mnil to have forwarded to you a roply to this letter which, as I happen to know, has been sent to the Daily News. It does not, however, appear in to- day's paper. It deals with three classes of misrepresentations -lbt, The alleged brutality of the squatters to the blacks ; 2nd, the so-called Polynesian slav c trndo ; and, 3rd, the assumption that Queens landers arc disloyal to the mother-country. With regard to tho first, the writer calls upon Mr. Fagan to name any squatter who laid poisoned sheep in the way of the blacks, as ho describes, and challenges him to specify the district, and the date of its occurrence. Of course it is difficult for anyone at home to put these matters right, because the colonial Press is at once quoted against us. Only last week a Fiji planter wrote to the Pall Mall Gazillc, which is most persistent in its repetition of the old stories with which wo havo been all familiar for any number of years, protesting against tho unjust and prejudging heading of "The Sluvc trado of tho Pacific," applied to an ordinary paiagraph respecting tho labour traine. But these protests seem to make no dilfi'i'eiicc. The principal winter art exhibitions arc the old masters at Burlington House mid tho Bl ¡tish artists in Siilfolk-stroct. So far ¡es the old masters ure concerned thcic is not much to bo said except that they are old masters, neither ¡>o mimerons nor so representative as wo often sec thom at these annual exhibitions. There aro this year some Vandycks and there is a Tintoretto (Aloses Striking the Hock) which some of the critics consider a little doubtful. There arc a few good examples of Paris Bor done, also a Snydcrs, a Rubons, a Van Stcon (from the Queen's collection), a Terners, and a fair sample» of Reynolds, Gainsborough, and Romney. The exhibition receives its main element of popularity, however, from a col- lection of paintings by Dante Gabriel llosctti, recently deceased. During his lifetime a mystery hung around this talented member of a talented family-ono of tho leaders of a peculiar school in both painting and poetry. People who wish to speak contemptuously of Burne Jones say " he is one of Oscar Wilde's set," Tho remark does infinito injustice to Burne Jones, but it signifies nn iden-namely, that there arc certain men and women who m mutters of art nrc banded together, though not to the cxtout which Du Mauricr, with his Postlctltwnitcs and Mandles, would havo von bcliavc. Of this school, head anti shoulders above his fellows, was Rosctti. His works at tho Royal Academy at the present time nrc not his liest. They aro for the most part water colour drawings dono fifteen or twenty years ago, but thcro ore ¡it least ten which represent his finest style. I find it impossible to describe this style. Running through all his pictures thore is the face of n woman which haunts you-not pleasantly, as the soft dreamy eyes of that girl you used to spoon with around the vcrandahsdid for somany years, but as that ghost haunted you that night ufter a liberal supper of indigestible viands. Of course everybody knows that Rosctti and Burne Jones, anti, in another direction, Whistler, havo created admirers anti driven thom mad. They rave alxnit their unspeakable geniuses, perceiving in their paintings inspira- tions not visible to tho naked eye of ordinary mankind. When I am educated up to proper appreciation of Rosctti's gaunt women with shocks of ruddy or dusky hair, I will return to this subject. This, however, will not happen probably this year. These pictures of ¡in exaggerated Ellen Terry in red or black hnir, staring hungrily at nothing, do not suit a Philistine like yours truly, and aro not likely to do so. The consequences of an appcnl to tho English- man through his breeches pockets aro well known. It wakes him up. Tito national debtor and creditor account, which is struck at the end of every year in the firm of John Bull and Company, is this year of the walling- up order. Ours is not exactly a falling revenue at present, but it is ii Htagnant^onc in many respects. Customs and oxcisc, which aro our sheet anchor, have been stationary, though the population has increased. Other branches of revenue fell off in tho last quarter. Popula- tion, however, as 1 havo said, has increased at tho rate of 1 per cont, and tho wealth of tho community has increased. But the agricultu- ral industries aro still depressed ; atMacclcsllcld and Coventry tho silk w cavers aro in a very bad way, so much so at the Choshiro town that tho day before yesterday n small number of opera- tives-tho vanguard of a moro extensivo exodus -emigrated to Quconslond. Tho building mid tho cotton trades aro not too flourishing. Tho effect of this accumulated depression always appears in tho consumption of spirits and beer, and during the year the decrcaso in this item has been remarkably steady. Tho "Uluo Ribbon Army" is fully entitled to credit for a share in tho smaller consumption of intoxi- cating liquors. Tho now Chancellor of Ex- chequer will not havo a respcctablo surplus to deni with, and will scarcely ho ablo in his now Budget to próvido for a reduction of tho ob- noxious income tax. So detested is this im- post, however, so unfair in its incidence, and HO harsh in its collection, that a wiso Ministry will strain a few points to readjust tho general taxation, Ono of the first batch of litigants who np Íicared on tho opening of tho now Law Courts or the despatch of business yostortlny was Mr, Bradlaugh. Ho brought nn notion against tho Sergennt-iit-arws for expelling him from tho Houso, and was dofcatcd. Mr. Bradluugh, spite of his many troubles, is doing well. Ho has opened a shop in Flcet-strcot for tho salo of secularist literature, portraits, &c;, and both with that .mi bia publishing business is flourishing' like a green bay tree. Another case heard yesterday was a ' rule (which was granted) ogainst the Times and Observer for publishing leading articles upon the sub judice Chamberlain and Boyd libel case. Mr. Boyd stated in the Reform Club, when the Chamber- lain brothers wore up for election, that those gentlemen were tabooed at a Melbourne Club for misconduct. The two Chamberlains who were blackballed lay their damages at £5000 each. We aro certain, therefore, of at least two celebrated causes. While Prince Krapotkinc is on his trial at Lyons for disseminating the doctrines of the Internationale, Louise Michel, the female apostle of the movement, has crossed to Loudon on a lecturing tour. Both of these firebrands have much in common. In their personal de- meanour, and in their manlier of public speech, they are gentle as sucking doves. They neither rave nor screech, and their oratory is nothing like so violent and sug- gestive of the iconoclast, sworn to pull down -thrones and overturn dynasties, ¡is, say, the ordinary British vestryman, or democratic politician. The popular idea of these révolu- I tionarics is generally a false one. Punch, you may remember, always represented the O'Ûonohno as an Irish Caliban, armed with a fearful club, and displaying the fangs of a howling wolf. In reality, he is a dandyish and handsome man, a perfect gentleman in do meanonr; and soft and proper in speech. Krapotkinc, of whom we have privately seen a good deal in London, looks like a gentle student who spends his life communing with nature. Louise Michel's appearance, however, is not in her favour. Her long unkempt hair suggests the locks of the fabled Furies, and there is,a masculinity about her face that would not tempt a man to olfor it the tribute of a fraternal kiss. But her voice is exceedingly sweet, and her sentences delicately persuasive. She was interviewed just before she started for London, and without any hesitation she confessed that she had meditated the assassi- nation of Napoleon III., and others who liad been ruled by the Vchingericht to which she belongs, to be tyrants unfit to live. Yet this lady has suffered patiently all through life for her principles, and has spent her substance in relieving the wants of the poor and need)', living a life of undoubted self-sacrifice. A woman of this kind must always be a power, and it is easy to understand why the sorrowful mid desperate of her fellow-countrymen be- lieved in her, while they hated the wearers of purple and fine linen who, orthodox in politics and religion, yet passed thom by on the other side. Millie. Michel's lectures are, however, a failure tinanciallj'. She cannot .secure suffi- cient hearer» to half-fill Steinwuy Hall, which is one- of the fourth-rate lecture-rooms of London. Her visit attracts no attention. The Press adopts the woist of all policies towards a public person-it lets her alone. The lectures arc delivered in French, and there is nothing to object to in the subject matter. They ad- vocate a general amelioration of the lot of women, and denounce war as the curse of man- kind. Tlieybrcatho hatred to tyranny in all shapes and forms, and arc warm with universal liiiuiaiiitariiiuism. There not being the ghost of a chance of a successful opposition to Sir Charles Dilke in Chelsea, the ucwly-creatcd Cabinet Minister is allowed, as our sporting friends would say, to " walk over the course, on presenting himself for re-election. He has nevertheless delivered a scries of able speeches in defence of the Gladstone ministry, and on the position and prospects of the Liberal part)'. The impor- tance and interest of these speeches lie in their character of cue to the Ministerial policy of tho forthcoming session. The almost complete silence he has observed on foreign questions is striking in a mun who has not fully shaken olf the dust of the Foreign Office. In this, how- ever, he reflects the feeling of the country, which is one of surfeit of foreign politics. We have had enough of them, and want no more. Besides, Sir Charles is now president of the Local Government Board, and he has spoken fully upon the local administration with which he will have to deal. The general conclusion we may draw from this series of speeches is that in 1SS3, unless something unforeseen occurs, Parliament will try its hand at domestic legislation. A rearrangement of the county franchise he made a prominent topic, but some disappointment has been expressed by advanced Liberals ¡it the little hope be offered of a redistribution of seats being included in the programme. We have, during the fortnight, hail speeches from Lord Rosebery and Mr. Herbert Glad- stone at Peebles, and of Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Woodall elsewhere in the provinces. These gentlemen arc all loyal Gladstonitcs, and so far as they have hinted at the future, they have evidently received their cue from the same source as Sir Charles Dilke. The Liberals in these recessional utterances maleo cocksure that there is not the remotest pros- pect at present of a Conservative reaction, and the Conservatives themselves seem to accept that opinion with a sigh of resignation. A good (leal of chaff has been blown upon tho Opposition over their proposal to start a Conservative magazine for the express purpose of developing the latest genius which is said to exist in the party. Why should there not be ns much intellectual talent nmougst Conservatives as amongst Liberals? When John Stuart Mill described them as the stupid party, he spoke, not of individuals, but of the organisation. At that time it had always been stupid, as a matter of fact, in its use of the printing press. From this evil policy it is awakening, though oven now it is only feeling its way. The Conservatives have never sup- ported their Press loyally and with enterprise. They scorn lo get frightened too soon, and nave, in instances too numerous to recapitulate, dropped their support nt the very moment when nn extra effort would have ensured suc- cess. The splendid position of the standard has been gained in spite of its politics. The Globe and the .S7. James's Gazette flourish be- cause of their clever journalism. There is no reason on earth why a shilling Conservative magazine should not do well, provided it has the literary excellence of other magnzincs ; and there are plenty of talented mon who would serve it. All publications that have moved with the Carlton at its buck, have, however, hitherto moved the wrong way, being dragged hindmost by the heavy clog of party. Lord Edmond Fitzmaurice succeeds Sir Charles Dilke as Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs, and as the appointment of Lord Kim- berly to the Indian Office renders it neces- sary that tho department should be repre- sented by an Under Secretary in the House of Commons, Lord Enfield has resigned. Lord Edmund Fitzmaurice may bo said to bo a hereditary Liberal. Brother to the Marquis of Lansdowne, who amongst his other titles is Viscount Cain and Ciiliistonc, he has repre- sented the little family borough sinco 1SGS, and has been truo to the political traditions of his family. Ho has done more, for while his father was a Whig, and the present marquis is Whiggish, Lord Edmund has cast in his lot with tho moro advanced party led by Mr. Gladstone. Ho is 37 years of agc, and has uti abundant stock of brains. Next to Lord Pose bciy, he is, amongst tho old families (tho original title of Baron Kelly and Lixnati dates back to 1181), the hope of the Liberal party. Without being an orator, ho is a ready and oven smart debater, and ho has a keen relish for politics, which ho thoroughly understands, especially foreign and Indian affairs, Tito friends of Lord linfield think .something better might have been done with him. He has been Under Secretary forForoign Affairs, and while Lord in Wnitiug during the present Govern- ment ho took charge of the Local Government Board business in the Lords. In other ways ho has done good service to the Liberal Government. Before (in 1871) he went to tho House of Peers, where he sits as Baron Stationl, ho was attached to Lord John Russell's mission at Vienna in 1855. Ton years later ho was president of the Poor Law Board. In all tfie.se offices ho was a quiet and assiduous worker, and he has made n very good Indian Under Secretary. As he still retains the First Civil Sorvico Coinmissioiicrship, it is likely that ho does not feel the senso of griovance which somo of his frionds have expressed. THE Western Champion (Blackall) gives an account of an unfortunate shepherd named Henry Wedge, who received u legacy of £1000 a short time ago-about twolvo months. Ho stayed, according to tho evidence given after his death, ot tho Duck Ponds Hotel, and during ten weeks spent £129 4s. ßd. for drink, mid of courso died a miserable death, AT a meeting of tho Jondaryan Board, hold yesterday afternoon (says the Darlino Downs Gazelle), a resolution was carried to let tho Tiffin boring machino to Mr. Davis, the person who had had thochargoof tho original sinking opera- tions mado with tho machine at Jondaryan, at a rental of 15s. per week. The machine will bo used bj' tho lessee in tho interests of any of tho ratepayers who may wish to have it used for tho purpose of searching for water. Wo think this course of action a very wiso ono on the part of tho board, whoso experience in the working of tho machino hitherto was not of the most encouraging character, 