SALVATION ARMY WEDDINGS. One of the quaintest religious cere monies ever witnessed was performed at She Salvation Army barracks, Weiling- Son-Btreet, Collingwood, on Wednesday evening, the occasion being the marriage of twoofthese well-meaning Christian sol- dierato two " daughters of thcregiment." The union was announced to take place at 7 o'clock, but long before that time the barracks wore literally packed. A Charge of sixpence was imposed upon those seeking admission, the resalt being that the meeting was free from larrikins. There must have been between 1500 and 1600 persons present, women pre dominating. Almost every man had a fiower in his coat, and all the Women carried bouquets. At. half-past 6 the proceedings commenced with the singing of hymns with that Characteristic vigor whose energy com pensates for any lack of melody. Precisely at 7 o'clock the happy pair were ushered in and took their seats Upon the platform, the brides npon the aright of the Rev. Mr Horsley and Major Sarker, who officiated, and the bride grooms npon the left. The ladies were jonng and decidedly prepossessing in Appearance, although the sombre cos tume of the army was not calculated to enhance their charms. They wore the tilack dresses and quaint bonnets of the Hallelujah lasses, the only departure from the usual costume being a white Wedding favor upon the left breast. Their aames were Miss Elizabeth Polglase, a Sative of Tasmania, and Miss Carrie (Stevenson, the daughter of a farmer near 3£erang. They were to be married re- "Bpectively to Captain Phillips, better Anown as " the happy Welshman and Cadet Foley, of Fitzroy. The latter has Mo distinguishing nickname. He is a fine stalwart young fellow of the artisan lype, and, it is said, had been a shoe maker " with a bad record" until he joined the army and reformed. After several hymns had been sang, And brief prayers had been offered, the COnpIes were ranged on either side of the Rev Mr Horsley, who went through ihe ordinary form of declaration reqnired fcy law with each of the parties. Major Barker then explained to the andience and the interested parties the nature of a Salvation Army marriage. It was not a union of worldly affection, but a part nership for the purpose of doing the good work, and promoting the intereBtB nd extending the influence of the Army. Cries of " Hallelujah " and "God £less the Army " resounded through the ball. The marriages made in the Army Were strictly under the supervision of tho commanding officer. Before any engagement is entered into the parties communicate with Major Baker, who, if be approve of the nnion, as being likely to be to the mutual welfare of the parties Bud the advancement of the Army, con sults with the happy couple, and arranges the date of the wedding. Brides and grooms then knelt down, and eaeh of them delivered a short address, to the " effect that the marriages were being euisreu inio suwiy mr me sake 01 tne Lord. Cadet Foley, whose speech is Jrongh, but unmistakably eloquent, . Aegan— " Lord, this is a very serious matter," ' Causing the irreverent is forget the solem nity of. the ceeasion End burst into Jaughter. _ " Order! " criei Major Baker, in his brusque way. " Don't let Utf have any of thu ; it's not a thing to laugh at, and I toil you that you wouldn't laugh, per haps, it you were going to get married." The bruits confined themselves to brief prayers ; 2nd another hymn having been eJithusiastiiKlly sung, Major Barker want through the aerial form of the ceremony, commencing, "Wilt thou, etc.," inter polating to join « promoting and ex tending 'he influence of the Salvation Army, before the words of the nsnal formula, to bars and to hold, eto." WheD Cadet Foley was asked if he wonld take Miss Stevenson for his wedded wife, he exclaimed in a load and energetic voice, -f. " My word ! That I will ! " " Then," said Major Barker, " Pat on the rings, and I call npon all here to witness that in the name of God the Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and of the Salvation Army, I declare you to be man and wife !" The same formula was repealed with the second "couple, and then a scene followed that it. is almost impossible to do justice to in print. Tne instant that Major Barker pronounced Ihe- second couple man and wife, a " Halle- Injab ! God bless tl>om !" rang through the building, and the an- beoime literally darkened with bouquet. From the audience flowers poured ia in an un ceasing volley ; from the raised seats at the back of the platform, bunches, gar lands, wreaths and coal-flowers also, literally rained down upon the blnsking brides and the happy grooms. So thick and heavy was the floral hail that the clergyman and those near L! jj had to throw np their hands to protect themselves from the deluge, though an occasional " Oh !" of pain told that' a well-aimed bouquet had got through the defence; »nd luided, stalk first, npon the Rev. Mr Horsiey's ear. The enthusiasm was hysterical in it's vehemence, and it culminated when an energetic and bald-h-a led officer, a visitor from auother district, sprang from his seat, and led off with one of the wedding songs selected for the occa sion. The bund struck up gaily, the people sang lusoly, and wheu the chorus was reached — Let the hells of heaven ring, Let the happy sol iiers sing. Every marri»g« bicesinK bring While we bless the Lord ! I Bless the Lord ! Bless the L-ird ! Bless the Lord ! Biess tbn Lord ! With onr captain an i bride We will bless the Lard. May His richest hlt-.-siug" flow On them both where'er they go. Till in heaven we part no more. A thousand handk-rcbiofs of all colors were waved by the en husiaslic witnesses to the marriage ceremony. Mothers danced their habies Hbuve their heads, keeping time to the mnsic, and, when ail occasional rest afforded an opportunity, some of the inspired soldiers filled np the space with a deafening " Hallelujah." There was none of the indiscriminate embracing and kissing attendant upon marriage ceremonies generally, ami wheu- the uproar, the flower-shoa-er, and the waving of haudkercbiels ceased, the newly-wed Hallelujah lasses took their seats flemnrely apart from iheir husbands as before the ceremony. A wedding hymn, " When we arrive at Home," was snug, uu-l then the four parties to Ihe c-ieruony respectively addressed those present, to the effect that they were so happy, and were doing it for the sake of the Lord. They fVlfc certain that He would bless iheir union, and make them the means of reclaiming many sinners. All of them spoke with an earnestness that commanded respect, iu spite of the rude and, at times, nngrammatical phraseology used. M»jor Barker followed with a characteristic address upon the good that the arm' was doiim, and referred to the unjustifiable aback on Miss Boolh in Geneva, and the unfeeling refusal upon the part of the municipal authorities to allow the Army to march through the streets of Melbourne. The con- fi!ni?ino hvmn < tTullainvali l»» sung to the repealed enthusiastic waving of Ihe thousand handker chiefs, aod the ceremony being over, the-varioQS membais crowded round to congratulate the happy Welshman and the reformed shoemaker, and iheir bonny looking brides. The only weddiug present visible was a block of ice, in which a handsome bonqnet of flowers had been frozen. This bad been sent by an enthusiastic admirer, and remained upon the platform during the evening. The nsual Salvation Army meeting was to be held at the barracks afterwards, bat as the attraction of tho evening had been the wedding, the vast throng quickly dispersed, after what the enthu siastic and baidheaded visiting captain declared, "A grand financial snccess, that beats the churches all to fits." — " Telegraph." 