THE IRTBH PEASANTRY. We take the following extracts from an artiole which appeared In the February number of Longman's Magazine, tbe author being Justin M'Carthy, M.P. :— Lord Henry Sydney, in " Conlngsby," objects strongly to tbe fashion of describing the peasantry of England as the "labouringclass." When a petition on some agricultural question was to be drawn up in his county, Lord Henry framed It as the petition of the " nobility, gentry, yeomanry, and peasantry " of the place "and would you believe it," he says, "they struck out 'peasantry' as a word no longer used, and Inserted * labourers.'" I fully share Lord Henry'B preference for the word peasantry as compared with the somewhat unmeaning phrase, the "labouring class." My preference for the word peasantry, when speaking of the agricultural labourers of Ireland, is more especially distinct. The condition of Ireland is such that it would be scaroely possible to draw a hard and faBtline between the yeomanry and the labourers. There is still a sort of yeomanry among the Irish rural population. I need hardly say that in using the word yeomanry I am not employing it In the military sense. The yeomanry of Ireland, according to the good old acceptation of the phrase, are represented by the better class of farmers aud farmers' sons; the men who ride to tenant-right meetings on their good, stout horses, and some of the more fortunate of whom contrive to be landowners themselves in a small way. But men of this class are not numerous, and are not increasing; and as you descend in the soolal Bcale you find the line of distinction between the farmer and the labourer becoming more and more often effaced. The effacement, too, is effected, unfortunately, by the process of levelling down, and not of levelling up. The farmer sinks into the labourer; the labourer does not rise to be the farmer. In many districts there is but little work for the mere hired labourer. There Is hardly any need of his services. The small farpier works bis little bit of land for himself, or with the assistance of his wife and his sons and daughters. He Ib an agricultural labourer in the strictest and hardest sense, even though he may bave a lease of his little holding and is not working for hire. Very bard work he does, poor fellow—up early and late among the stony ridges of a mountainside or in tbe perpetual ooze and moisture of a black, boggy swamp. Still he has a bit of .land, small and of little value as it may be, and be clings to the ownership with a passionate devotion. Byron spoke in bitter sarcasm of George the Prince Begent's affection for " the land which he loved like his bride." Jn a very different sense we may say of the Irish occupier that he fovea the land almost as a bride. The Irish agricultural labourer is not much of a whisky drinker, ^11 things considered; nor is be much given to amusement. Amusements are ve^y scanty and simple in the country plaoes and the small towns in Ireland. The " faction fight.'Vhappily.isa thing of the past; the gapiB bf Wbioh used to he imj&imy; younger flaw, Joa whioi|if?iu a sqrt olrude or ele- fall of heroio and Homeric incidentsdoes not seem to me to bepraotised much in Ireland to-day. The peasant olass bave to look to the ooosslonal races, the bunt meetings, and the " ooursings " as their principal sources of amusement. In some of the more prosperous of the smaller towns, as well as in the cities, athletic sports have lately been got up habitually, and appear to be popular; but I fancy they are shared in more by the young men of the towns than by tbe peasantry, and afford the latter little more than the chance of looking on at something interesting now and again. In someof the smaller towns also, as well as in the greater, free libraries and reading-rooms are opened, and are kept up by looal subscription. In Bome places, at least, they are attended by many men who belong strictly to the labouring class; but, of course, there are miles and miles of country over which the labourer has to toil, and where there is no town, no village, no cluster of houseB even; and there are likewise many rather considerable villages which seem to be provided with no manner of amusement or pastime 1 whatever. Some of these villages would, it appears to me, have no chance of amusement all through the year if an occasional fiddler, or, still more rarely, an occasional piper, did not happen to wander that way. Of course, it is not always an evidence of poverty when we find a village without any visible means of amusing itself. I dare say some of my readers may have spent days, as I have done, in substantial inland hamlets of some of the more thriving American States, where one was forced to conclude that the majority of the inhabitants must have gone to bed immediately after business hours in the week days, and after divine service on Sunday, from the sheer absence of any existing sources of amusement. But the Irish peasant is, or used to be, a very different sort of being from the native American inhabitant of a New England or Pennsylvania village. Even still the Irish labourer in America brightens the severe and sombre businesslife of the towns, just as the German does, with his feasts and his processions and his sports. But I think he is growing a less joyous person at home than he used to be. In some partB of the country, indeed, the Irish labourer baa not a much better chance of being gregarious in his amusements than Boblnson Crusoe. As to the labourer who does not live or lodge in or near town, I can only say that I know of hardly any man on the face of the earth who has fewer enjoyments. He works from dawn to dusk, when the working season is on; and he hangs about his hovel aimlessly in his time of idleness. At fair, or market, or on a race-day, perhaps, he meets a few friends and has a talk with them, and a glass or two of porter, which, as a cheap and comfortable drink, is very popular in Ireland. He goes to Mass regularly every Sunday, whatever the distance be has to walk to reach the church; and he follows the worship faithfully and reverently. He is, in general, strangely contented with, or resigned to, bis lot. I often think there was muoh truth in Lady Morgan's dogma—and Lady Morgan had some common sense with all her flippancy—that the Irish peasantry would never bB better off until they had made up their minds that they could not eat potatoes without bacon. I bave heard stories of the resignation and the pious contentment of some of these poor people, whioh would to most persons appear marvellous, and yet which are strictly true. A friend, who is the adviser, the proteotor, and sometimes the rough admonisher, of all the poor people of his district—who soolds them with as much energy as he pleads for them—has often told me that even be, familiar as be IB with all their ways, was many times surprised to find such hard toil and cruel penury borne with Buch entire resignation. " Ah, sure, sir, what would I oomplain for P" some old man or woman would say, whose whole life, to the ordinary observer, would seem to have been one of mere misery; " hasn't the Lord been good to me always 7" I am not saying that every poor Irish peasant ia like this. I do not pretend to believe that there are not discontent, and repining, and unjust oomplaint, and passion and evil to be found among the Irish peasantry; but I do «ay that I have not seen or heard of any olass of persons among whom, taken as a whole, there is tbe same amount of patient and unreplning resignation to what they regard as the will of Heaven., I speak now of the Irish men and women in Ireland. I should not like to say quite as much of Irish men aud women in England or in Amerioa. Among the energetic surroundings of his existence in- these oountriea the emigrated Irish labourer learns easily enough to grumble like his neighbours. The Irishman shows his fimaat qualities of courage and energy and perseverance in -other countries ; but his amiability, his gentleness, his simple, natural piety, cotne ottt but, I thibk,ln^ia owrfilanfl. The Irish peasant is an intelligent an. Of late years he has beoome a great politician and an eager reader of the newspapers. "When I speak of im as a reader of the newsapers I fear I may be conveying a wrong idea or indulging in too wide a generalisation, for it is unfortunately true that in many cases, even now, the Irish labourer cannot read. But he is a student of the newsaper all the same; for in the evenings, or at least in some evening of every week, when the papers come down from ublin, there is a gathering at the bouse f some one who has a rather better room than his neighbours; and tbe political ontents of a newspaper are read aloud nd made the subject of keen and earnest omment. Many a labourer will go on o a second house the same night, to ear the contents of the same paper read ut again. Downright barbarian ignornce there never was among even the oorest of the Irish labouring class. The oo true stories which used to be told ome years ago by the late Mr. Clay, haplain of the Preston gaol, and by any other men, touching the brutal gnorance of masses of the English rural nd mining population, never could have een told of Ireland. We used to hear hen of men who never knew what the ord " God" meant, and only used it as n expletive of emphatic adjuration; ad never heard of London, and did not now that England was an island. Not erely was there no such class of men in reland; there was no such man. Even mong tbe scattered and remote populaions of the West, even in those wild egions of Connemara and Mayo, where ew speak anything but Irish, I am told hat the labourers still contrive to get he contents of a newspaper interpreted o them, and are never entirely ignorant f what is going on in the world around hem. Strange and vague, indeed, that world must seem to some of those lonely men, drudging on the mountain side in Connemara or in Donegal. I have in my mind many pictures of cabins high up on some stony ascent, miles and miles away from all resorts of men, where the labourer, in the seasons when he is not working for a regular employer, passes his days in trying to extract a few vegetables for his family out of a bit of ground which seems to the curious stranger about as capable of bearing fruit as some of tbe petrified gorges of the hills around Jerusalem. In that hovel the labourer's family drag through their lives and die —tbe one great interruption to the cruel monotony of their existenoe being the tramp tp the chapel on Sunday. Never in any country have I been impressed with so grim and absolute a sense of loneliness as by tbe sight of some of those Western and North-western cabins, squatted rather than perched—the word "perched" carries with it a wholly unsuitable suggestion of airiness and lightness—on the bleak surface of a marsh or the slope of a stony upland. The man, I have often thought, who can, under such conditions, keep up any feeling of interest in the world outside him—the world which he never sees, never is to see—has an active intelligence which is Such a man is common in Ireland; a man who does, somehow, contrive to keep up a certain understanding of the outer, active world, and is not wholly ignorant. It pleases him to learn what people are doing in far-away places which he can never see. He bas bis opinions about Mr. Gladstone, and about the French, and about the Germans. America is naturally a very living reality to him, for bas he not friends and relatives scattered all over the States P Is not his first cousin "Jerry" out somewhere in Nevada? And may not his second cousin, " Molly Carew," be even at that very moment enlivening the corridors of tbe Fifth Avenue Hotel, in New York, with the energetic rustle of het broom, accompanied by her rendering of "The Wearing of the Green f" At one time the Irish labourer had, and to a oertain extent be still has, companionship, close and constant, whioh belonged to a world more distant and dim than that New World which lies beyond the Atlantio. The Irish peasant used to be a firm believer in ghoste and fairies, and phantom horses, ^ and "fetohes," or " doppBl-gangers" and " banshees." Every valley, every wood, every lane was peopled for him, of evenings and nightB, by this awe-inBpinng and yet not wholly objeotionable company. He spoke of the f aines as the "good people," employing that graceful turn of phrase in exaotly the eame spirit as the Hellene who .endeavoured to propitiate the »Faries " by caning them the Eummdes. Good fright, too, the Irish peasant bad to endeavour to soothe and pleas® for was it not in blieht all his «fforts at r^ing ^orop, trudged home at night, and cams himT lose bis way among the moat T mountain paths? I have foundtw*. late years the belief in ghosts and S in "leprechauns" and "clurioauw"C JMrsrssjSBTS probably much surprise an ordiZ Englishman; but it ib not the livelv questioning faith of my earliest ve™ s. Ireland. Even tbe "banshee" iJ b"i„ ning to shade from popular memo« Whom, indeed, bas tbe " banshee" ^ to cry for? The beads of allthe houseB, of tbe famous septs are con!, and what Irish peasant could believe the possibility of a " banshee" corT descending to trouble herself about thl death of some modern head of a honee. hold, who may, indeed, own Irish land but who bears an English or a Scottish name ? It is not, perhaps, so muoh that the peasantry have lost faith in the "banshee" as that the occupation of thh "banshee" is gone. Thomas Mo 0n makes ber wail over an Englishman • bat then the Englishman was Fox, who'waa in his time, the idol of the Irish people' and, moreover, Moore had lived longia England, and his song had lost much of its local colour. I confess that I am not glad—at least, not altogether glad—to find that the Irish peasant is losing hit faith in the world of ghosts and fairies In the hard, prosaic rigour of his life and labour he seems to me to have been the better for some such picturesque poetic, even if awful, companionship, ' 