SUPPLEJACK. A STORY OP NEW ZEALAND, BT E. M. am) J. EOUEKE. Chatter XXVI. There is a story of olden time, .ranking high in touching pathos and interest. It talis of a Saracen girl who, betrayed and deserted by licr English lover, still clung in her heart to him. His lapguage, dress and manners strange to her, she had only learned two words intelligible to English ears, his namo " Gilbert" and " London," his homo, whither , lie had gone. Unable to tear his faithless image from her heart, sho determined, accord ing to old legend, to sock throughout tho world until she found him. Her beauty and her de- eolation so wrought upon strange sailors, to whom she could only utter tho words, " Gil bert, London," pointing across tho sea, that they gave her a free passage on their little barque ; from port to port she begged hoc way and, pthese two words her only passports, wandered through foreign towns from. shore.to, shore, until at lost, she found herself in Eng land. Still guided by passers by, she reached the great city. Day after day she took hor stand at the street corners, while the hurrying j throng passed by. and . , — - —a o00" the homo engraven on start. She heeded neither laughter hor scorn', bcarcoly toihp'rohehding, J her" whole sow i him again. Dospairin'g, she saw 'thousands -or I strange faces hurry by, and at lost, among the | rest, came that she knew so well. Legend goes on to Bay tht, softened by herheauty and : devotion,, be made hor his bride, and Chcapaido I became their home. j This old story recurred to Jack's mind as he sat alone in oparlor in the Nelson Club, con sidering what course he should nest pursue. He smiled to himself at the recollection. Trhly, his guest seemed almost as vague lis ben, and like her, the name, Gilbert, his only guide. However, in these practical days, it would never do to stand at the corner of Trafalgar- street and shout his brother's name, so ho con sidered the advisability of employing tho modern means of discovery — advertising. He eventually went out and inserted an advertise ment in a local newspaper. On returning to the club in tho evening he fonnd a letter awaiting him, which, on exami nation, proved to bo an iuvitation to a picnic excursion on tho following day. Colonel Bracefield had given him Bevcral letters of in troduction, so that he was not without ac quaintance even thus early. He found that he had arrived in Nelson at a gala time, when tho inhabitants socially were given -up to the entertainment of the officers of some foreign ships, He had never seen the members of any community abandon themselves so thoroughly to the enjoyment of the honr. Half holidays were proclaimed for the convenience of the business people, parties of pleasure were orga nised for almost every day, and thero wore several dances in the.evenings, to which Jack was invited and at which he made many plea sant acquaintances. A picniq was'arranged to FoxhUl, a distance of Bome 20 miles from Nelson, tho invita tion to which lie gladly aceeptod, as the exour- sion would enable him to seo more of the sur rounding country. A large party of gaily dressed people met at the railway station, as the short journey was to be performed . by train. Gilbert met several acquaintances who introduced him to their friends, and he was soon the centre of a merry circle. " I wish they would invent trains that wouldn't rattle," exclaimed Miss Longacro. " The motion of your colonial trains is not very rapid, although their noise is so great," observed Jack. " Because we are going uphill," replied the young lady ; " we shall show you what speed fs when we begin to descend presently." Soon the Waimea plain appeared in view, with its many hamlets and scattorod farms. The train Bped past long level fields, wherein browsed many cattle. Pretty white churches here nnd there gave a civilised aspect to tho landscape, Tho blue waters of Blind Bay, fringing theso green Blopes, backed by the great ranges of tho Kimutaku, with its pro minent feature Devil's Thumb slightly capped with snow, gave beauty and grandeur to the scone, and impressed the stranger with delight. In the distance, upon the water, sped tho little steamer, which dailyplied between Nelson, Mo- tuckaandCollingwood, famed for hopsandgold. How many an anxious and expectant minor had been conveyed by her to wealth or to dis appointment. Collingwood is worthy of more than a, pass ing notico. In her mountains and.slopes lie buried, it is believed, trcasnre almost inex haustible, which the investment of capitalists is alone needed to dcvolop. Although now a small and insignificant village doubtlesB one day, when time has bronght labor and money to reveal her wealth, Collingwood will rank high among New Zealand cities. The train stopped at various small stations, and fresh passengers entered. Theso new ar rivals were warmly welcomed by their ac quaintances. Being a special train, not mnch coromony was ohsorved among the passengers, who were nearly all known to ono another, and general good humor and hilarity nre. vailed. Ono old gentleman, who entered the train at Richmond, was especially in a great hnmor, joking with tho girls, teasing the mammas, and abasing tho young mon for not paying more attention to their fair compa nions. He was a jocular, hearty old man, of tho old school, and evidently a great favorite among tho young people, calling them by their christian names. Ho was scrupulously at- tired, £nd with his grey locks and gold spec tacles/high collar and long black coat, formed a pleasant picture. Being apparently tired of chaffing insido, ho came out on tho platform " whore Jack Btood with Miss Longaoro. There he discoursed upon tho scone, pointed out ob jects of interest, and mado himself generally agreeable. Miss Longacro whispered to Jook, "Ho' wears a wig." Hardly had shespokon when a puff of wind swept by, blowing the smoke into their faces and at the .same time blowing off 'ho Md gentleman's hat and cerebral covering. " Stop, stop ; for mercy's sako, stop 1" ex claimed Mr. Jollyboy — for this was his appro priate. panjo— as ,he saw his possessions gaily bowling over tho green ; and pulling out his handkerchief, he hastily tied it round bis poll. Amid roars of laughter, in which Mr, Jolly- boy himself -joined heartily, Jack hastened to the guard, who quickly Btoppcd tho train. In spito of tho entreaties of -his young friends, and. their offers of assistance, the old gentle, man himself clambered down, trotted over tho field, nnd hastening behind a hedge, readjusted his recovered hoaddross. He thou reappeared booming, and having resuinod his seat, tho train steamed ou onoo moro. Poxhill was reached and the party alighted frpm the train. A greot many more people joinod them here,. some driving some riding. Thfi young ladies rode, remarkably well, almost without exception, looking thoroughly accus tomed to theexercise; One inparticularattrncted Giibort's attention by tho ,ea3e and elegance with which sho managed a handsome and spirited steed. She was a quiet looking little girl with a very .determined small face, pretty, piquant, attractive. He asked her name of Mis3 Longacro, who wpa still .liis companion, , "That js;Miss Kearney," replied -the young lady, " Yes, she does rido well without doubt. Doesn't she look as if sho had a dreadful temper ?" " Well, I don't -know. I think she is hand some and bright looking. She doesn' t look had tempered." "She is. dreadfully, determined ;. agitl-who will have her own way at any cost. What do you think-ahp did last races! She lives with her uncle, and ho didn't wish lier to .attend the meat. Ho sent awoy.every rideablo hprse from the place, nnd forbado her to go. The \- ' V-f was an unbroken oolt, in train- bcarlntho paddock. As soon nsior ancle . n,.. - colt, path saddle on, _hau gono,BTio cauxu. — , -- -Kflfora Attfl byn tehort cut Was at tho Wco» him. " Hefound hor there 'when hearrivod.' "Sh'O' certainly did show a great doal of spirit and determination. What did herunclo \- say to her?" I 1 think he wub too surprised to say;much, I but on d>( he has never 'forbidden her to do anything 'since. Would you like to bo in- ! troduccuT' I "Very much j'hut wait until the riders dia- mount, and then l ean make her acquaint- I Mice in comfort." | Miss Longaoro was soon surrounded "by a | number of friendB and admirers, to whom she introduced Jack with an utter absence of shy- ness and freedom of speech which ho could not quito mako up his mind whether to admire ; or condoinn. She 'seemed to bo on friendly j and familiar terms with all the gentlemen as well as tho ladies, and Jack caught himself ' speculating as to whether or no this Freodom ; of intercourse with so many could be pleasant to any one in particular, and rapidly 'made up bis mind that ho_ preferred a girl who would unbend for him 'alone. " I liko better the - : look of the girl who rides so well," he thought, ' as he watched hor, rather silret, aloof from others, yet smiling 3weatly when , anything, pleased her. - As soon as opportunity presented itself, he asked Miss Longacro to fulfil her. promise of introduction. I Miss Kearney ' looked at him indifferently, . bowed and turned her head away. " A bad boginning.'truly," thought Gilbert, who, among other weaknesses, perhaps owned that of boing a little -too much accustomod to be ' smiled on by tho fair sex. He stood by Bilont. "You look tired, Nora," remarked a "lady seated near, " or annoyed, which is it ?' " Neither," said the girl ; " only anxious on. account of my dear At at Lloyd's." " Don'tyou think' he is quite safe ?" "No, I don't; I think 1 liad better go and attend to him myself." j " Can I be of any assistance ?" ashed Jack, : vaguely supposing that the help of a man might bo useful, although doubtful as to the identity of AT at Lloyd's, I " No, I thank you," replied Nora Kearney gravely, turning a pair of serious dark eyes i upon him for a moment. "No ono everunder- . standi A1 but me." She rose as sho spoke, and walked away I Bwiffly, litflo impeded by the dark clinging habit, gathered up tightly in ono hand. She . went to the place in which the horses were tethered and doftly moved her own to a spot ' Where grass grew thick and an old stump i afforded a safe tethering post. She patted him . affectionately, .gathered tofts of grass for Jiim, I and seemed disposed to ninusa herself long) thus apart from her companions. '" A1 at Lloyd's, then, is Miss Kearney's horse, I presume ?" remarkod Jaok. " What made her chooso such a roundabout name ?" " Goodness knows ; she is a funny girl, and no ono can ever acconnt for anything sho says or -docs." When luncheon was ready tho parly separated into groups under tho scattered trees, and were very merry indeed. Mr. Jollyboy waa active in promoting everyone's onjoymont and happi ness. Some timo nfter luncheon a drive was pro posed by several of tho more energetic, and as there were many conveyances available, the proposition was carried out. Some of the young people remounted their horeos and pro longed tlioir ride, others strolled away under, the shadow of the arching trees. Miss Long- i acre was soon seated on tho box seat of a large waggonette with the reins in lior hand, tho charioteer of a merry party. Mr. Jollyboy undertook to drivo another vehicle, and started already singing, songs and tolling stories with all the zest of 25. Gilbert was jnst about to-cnter tho waggon ette piloted by Miss Longaoro, when, with a sudden impulse, ho drew hack and made way for another. Presently he strolled c«el«s2'" to whore Miss Kearney Bat among tlio long grass, surrounded by children and caresain" the ears of a great retriever dog. "Don't you care for driving?" ho said. " Not very much. It is pleasantcr here " "May I stay hero also, as I am of tho same opinion? " If you like." Ho threw himself down on tho grass and re mained quiot, watching his new Companion who gathered long seedy blades of autumn grass and Bilently playod tho old game "soldior, sailor, tinker tailor, gentleman) ploughboy. thiof." She did not speak, but a quiot Bmile played about her lips, "Whatisyour fato?' asked Jack, divining her thought, as tho end of a long blndo was readied. "Thief," said the girl, solemnly, looking up "It <» so disappointing. I never can holn thinking there may be a little troth in it Three times I have tried, <tnd it came Thief each time." _ " Let me try in your name," said J ack, pick ing a long blade. " See, this is far better Sailer. A sailor may boa very fascinating fellow, nnd tho word applies to all degrees. You may yet ho a lady admiral." One by one .tlio children found now interests and slipped away. Nora Kearney's shyness deserted her, .and she chattered freely anil gaily with her new acquaintance. After an hour spent on tho grass, enjoying the dreamy in fluences of Bunshino, sweet autumn scents and fresh and charming conversation, Jack pro posed a stroll along tho borders of tho little stream: They wandered on, often pausing to gaze around on somo now scono of beauty pre sented to tboir appreciative oyes. It was a boautiiul day, tingod with tho glory of departing Bummer. A day to dream and bask in Hoods of sunshine — a day to suit a poet ti meditative mind. "I feel liko a lotos cater," said Jack, posh ing back his hat and gazing upward to the cloudless skies. All round tho coast, the lnoguld air did swoon, A land where all things always seemed the same, In which It seemed always atlcrnoor.. " Ono would think Tennyson had written that in Nelson," said Nora Kearney, "the poem exactly suits the plaoc. We - Stoop our brows In slumbar's holy halm, And hearken what tho river spirit-sings, Thero Is no joy, but calm. Nelson is known throughout tho colony by tho namo of Sleepy Hollow." "And I dare say tho old residents who emigrated long ago feel with the lotos eaters that all has suffered change ;. and they would come ' like ghosts, to troublo joy,' if they -re turned to their fatherland. Do. you tliink people soon lose the ' wish to roLurn_to .tho pld world?" " Yos; I think thoy are lotos outers in that |- ibspofl ; ilioy «sy ceaniiy adapt HioMselvea -15 J the sentiment ; ' I 1 Oar Island homo, . ' , j Is far boyond tho 'wavo ; we will no longer roam. J But this doesn't apply to us,. Mr.' (Gilbert, to j me at least, I am a oolonialj cud love tho.j colony for itself, mid For -tub free and iiappy i lives vie spend here." | ' " It soebis to'bo ngenbralopinidn that there I is more freedom hero, but I 'am ' not prepared to ngree to the sentiment yet. I believe that girls, at any rate, enjoy qiiite lis much freedom at liome. Wo must go to America, certainly, to boo tho thing properly worked. Mrs. Grundy seems to mo to bo quite as much on the alert here as in the old country." "I think it is timo wo joined the others," j remarked Miss Koarney, drawing out a tiny watch. " Wo hare been nearly two liours away and see, tbe arm is quite low. Wc'must haston book as quickly as possible." " Do not let us hasten. Hosto doesn't suit' your lotos eating valley." And Joek, whoso fancy had been touched by the application of ihe poem, continued dreamily quoting as they ' rotraocd their steps, j Surely, surely, slumber Is moro sweet than toll, the shoro, Thau labor In the dcop mid ocean, wind and wave, and oar, j Oh, rest ye, brother mariners, we will not wander more. Chatter XXVTI. On returning to the club in the evening, Jack was met by a waiter, who informed him that a person wished to see him, in answer to his advertisemont. His heart heat fast for a moment, and ho turned in the direction in dicated, fully expecting to see Arthur himself. He scanded narrowly the man, Who rose -at his approach ; but saw at once that lie was a perfect 'stranger. He was a rough hut res pectable looking man of the working class. " You wished to sec mo, I boliovo," said J ack can you give me the information my advertisement demands?" "I can, sir, it so bn you are Mr. Gilbert. I have a mate of that name, who, if I'm not mistaken, is tho mon you want." " Indeed ; pray go on, and tell me whore ho is and what he is aoing." i " He went over to Hnvelock last week to see ' about some business of ours. I expect him back — let mo boo, Saturday to latOBt." . " It is most unfortunate ; lie has always just left each place as I arrive at it. However, I am too glad to hear news of him. Is he well ? What is ho doing ?" " He Is mates with me. We have been in Nelson for the last month or so. Times was alack, and we weren't doing much, that's the truth. Howsomever, he said ho would go up beyond Haveloek, and if ho thought well of tho prospects lio would come back and got the traps and we would try our luck again. He'll bo back Saturday, never fear." " And he is well ?" "Never bettor inhis life lieBayB ; and looks hearty too, leastways as hearty as it's in liirn to look. He's not much sperrits, poor covo, at any time, seems to me. When I first came across him there lie was - a sitting on a bank with his pick alongside him, tho picture of misery. Says I, 'What's up mate?' Says lie, ' Everything's up ; up a tree,' with a sort of a smile on him. Ho was a good looking chap too. Says I; 'Don't bo down on your luck, mato.' Says ho, ' Curso tho luck. I've lost my pile ; all I liad, more fool I. Stolon, by Jove. Stolen from my tent, ; and it was, by jingo, tho dustho'd boon weeks a gathering, and not a clue to track tho thief by. Two thousand camped -round; might liavo been apyone of tho two thousand. Well, I stayed a talking to him— took a kind of fancy to him all of a sudden. I had beon considering for days back about going prospecting up tlio Wang- apeka. Thero was a place thero where I felt sure we might have luck, but I wanted a main to help mn, T said to mvcoif Hero's tlio man,' and says I to. him, ' Come'withrno) mato. You'll not do much more here, nnd if you liko to throw in your lot with me, I be lieve I can Bhow yon a plaoe where we'll mako moro in a week than wo would hero in a month.' Well, ho seemed to liko tlio plan when I'd explained it to him, and wo shook hands on it. When it was dark, wo shouldered our swags, crept out of the camp, and away wo wont. 'Wo found some, but not much ; wo wore fol lowed, and thq place was soon crowded out. However wo stuck together, for tho liking had become rhutual liko, and through thick and thin wo'vo stuck togother Binco. I'll be right down glad if you've got any good nows for him, sir: poor cove, he's awful low some- timos." "He is my brother, as you bow in tbopapor," ' laid Jack, " and deeply I regret his having been in such straits, I am moat anxious to .see him, and indaco him to return to EnMBnl| - With me." " Oh, then, indeed, and it's little England would suit him. You know, sir,' when a man once gets into tho habit of wandering, thoro's no knowing wlion he'll settlo down again. . Howover, maybo yon know him batter than I do, seeing lie's your brother." " How far. is it to Haveloolc ?' asked Jack, " It's a matter of some 10 miles across country." " What sort of road is it, and what sort of plaoo when you get there? I thick I'll ride over there to meet hum" " I wouldn't; adviso you, sir. It's an awful road, and likoly whon you got there he'd he up in the hills, and you wouldn't meet hiin. It's a very scattered district, and you wouldn't .know where to look for liim. Jnst you wait horo, and lio is sure to be back by Saturday, Ho'il bo no Inter than that." " If ho does not come back by that time I shall certainly go over there to meet him," said Jack. " I will wait until the end of the week. Mcantimo, let me thank you for the information you have given ; you little know how valuable it is to me," and ho grasped the rough hand of the digger. " I wish I could have given a better account of him," said tho man. " He's .rather a queer chap, but a d good fellow in the main. Thoy call him tho Count, and say ho gives himself airs; but that's all bunkum. No airs in liim. It's sperrit he wants, Bperrit." "I hope his spirits will return when ho finds himsolf among his friends again," said Jack "although I don't doubt but what he has mado i many a good friend while he has been rough ing it. There are good fellows knocking round everywhere, and I think my -brother has been lucky in coining across two or thrco ; yourself, ; for instance." " All, -well, I won't deny I feel friendly to wards him." "Well, look bore, then;, don't you say any thing hbout me to him when fee comes back,. Jnn-let metnow and I'il atan jvmnji — — »?tr him. Whore do you liveH' " Fiulan— for this was his name— inform c<jf him. " Would ho got tho paper where he is ?" "Not likely, No ; he'll ask foritthofirst thing, though." " Well, tear it up, or say you can't find it, and send for me. Yotr see he has a kind of fancy about keeping away from his frionds, and ho might possibly bo off again before I See him, I don't say he would, mind, but he blight, and I liad rather guard against the possibility. It's for his own good, you under- Stand, that I wish to see him," "I understand, sir ; I understand, and right you are. He is a queer chap, Well, hero's yonr health, sir," for Jock had rung for a drink for his now friend. After some further conversation and many inquiries ou Jack's part, Finlan departed, and Gilbert sat down and smoked and thought. On the whole ho felt relieved and delighted. Arthur was found. In tho course of tha week ho would bo with him. With his pies- Sure mingled some regret at 'finding that his , circumstances were evidently no better than When lio left tho Thames. However timo would bIiow, and it was with a light heart that lie rose at lertgth. The great point was gained in having discovered Arthur's actual whereabouts. Poor fellow, ne must indeed . have had a rough time of it. Jack was quite determined to wait no longer than Saturday, and if Arthur had not then returned to ride over to Haveloek and look him up, 'Thank heaven, his business in New Zealand would bo over soon, and ho would be able to return homo. How impatient ho felt for that . moment of return. Poor little Kate, it was ' sb long since ho had. seen hor; should he ever | be able to bring hor with him and visit New Zealand again? After all it was a pleasant land, and he would like well enough to come back some day and bring his wife to these new towns of a new country and introduce her to the people. What pride he would feel and i how delighted every one would ho with her ; ho would startle people with tho fresh grace I and beauty of bis bride. ! Meanwhile time stands still for no man, and looking at his watch he was surprised to find it already late. The members of the picnic party were to meet at Mr. Longaere's house, where an impromptu dance was to ba held. Miss Longacre nnd Nora Kearney had both asked him to be there. 