Donal Grant. CHAPTER II. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; FROM the two or three incidents of his journey recorded, my readers may see something of the sort of man Donal now was—not very like most of the people they know, but not therefore the less worthy of being known, for though many are called—and come too, in a way—few are chosen. The taste of the present age is to hear of the common kind, not the uncommon, but it Bhall not from me. The story of the chosen must be better worth telling than that of the merely called. Donal was very queer, some of ray readers will think, and I admit it; for the man who regards the affairs of life from any other point than his own ready self must be queer indeed in the eyes of all slaves to their imagined necessities and unquestioned desires. It was evening when he drew nigh the point to which he had directed his steps. It was a little country town, not very far from a famous seat of learning ; there Donal would make inquiry before going further. It wm not so far from home as to make immediate return difficult, should anything happen to render his presence there desirable. Also, the minister of his own parish knew the minister of the town, and had given him a letter of introduc tion to him. The country around had not a few dwellings of distinction in it, and at some one or other of these there might be children n want of a tutor. The sun was setting over the hills behind him -.is he entered the little town. At first it looked but like a village, for on the outskirts, through which the king's highway led, were but thatched cottages, with here and there a slated house of one story and an attic. Pre sently, however, began to appear houses of larger size, few of them of more than two stories, but most of them looking as if they had a long and not very happy history. All at once he found himself in a street, with quaint gables turned to it, gables with corbel steps, or, as they called them, corbie-steps, with some occult allusion, perhaps, to the messenger sent out by Noah which never returned—in the minds of the children, places for the lazy bird to rest upon. There were one or two curious gateways with some attempts at decoration, and one house with two of those pepper-pot turrets which Scottish architecture nas borrowed from the French chateau. The heart of the town consisted of a close-built narrow street with several short closes and wynds opening out of it—in all of them ancient-looking houses. In the whole place was not one shop-front, as it is callod. There were shops not a few, but their windows were the windows of dwelling-houses, as they had all been when the wants of the in habitants were fewer, and as their upper parts were now. Civilisation brings desires, which grow to wants, then to imagined necessities, and so bring on weakness ana artificiality. In those shops one could get as good a supply of the necessities of life as in any great town, and cheaper also. You could not get a coat so well cut, nor a pair of shoes to fit you so tight with out hurting, as in some larger towns, but you would get first-rate work—better much than in many places of superior pretensions. This was the town of Aucnars—at least that is the name I choose to give it. The streets wore roughly paved with round waterworn stones. Home so small that Donal was not sorry he had not to walk far upon them. The setting sun sent his shadow before him as he entered the place. He went in the middle of the street, looking on this side and that for the hostelry to which he had been directed as a place to put up at, and whither he had des patched his chest before leaving home. One gloomy building, apparently uninhabited, specially attracted his attention, for an invo luntary thrill went through his spirit when his eyes first fell upon it. It consisted of three low stories, all their windows defended by iron stanchions. The door was studded with great knobs of iron, and looked as if it had not Deen opened for years. A little beyond, and just as the sun was disappearing behind him, he saw the sign he was in search of. It swung in front of an old-fashioned dingy building, with much for its share of the old-world look that per vaded the place. The last red rays of the sun fell upon the sign, lighting up a sorely faded coat of arms. Its supporters, two red horses on their hind legs, were all of it that could be made out with ease. The crest above suggested a skate, but could hardly have been intended for one. They were tne Morven arms. A greedy-eyed man stood in the doorway, with his hands in his trousers pockets. He looked with contemptuous scrutiny at him of the bare feet approaching his trap. He had black hair and black eyes; and his nose looked as if a heavy finger had been Bet upon the top of its point while it was yet in the condition of clay, and had pressed it downwards so that the nostrils swelled wide beyond their base. Under neath was a big mouth, with a good set of teeth, and a strong upturning chin. It was an am bitious and greedy face. "A fine day, landlord!" said Donal. " Ay," answered the man. without changing the posture of one taking his ease against his own doorpost, or removing his hands from his pockets, but looking Donal up and down in the conscious superiority caused by the undoubted friendship of Mammon, and resting his eyes on his bare feet and the trousers folded up to give free play to those laborious extremities, with a look befitting the indication they afforded of what was to be gained from their owner. '• This '11 be the Morven Arms, I'm thinkin 1 ?" "It tacksna muckle thoucht to think that," returned the innkeeper, "whan there they hing —ower yer heid there!' 5 "Ay, said Donal theres something there —an' it's airms I doobtna; but it's no a* body has the previlege o' a feenished eddication in heraldry like yersel 1, laniord! I'm bW to confess for what I ken they micht be the airms o' ony family o' ten score/ ,,., There was but one weapon with which John Glumm was assailable, and that was ridicule; with all his self- sufficiency he stood in terror of that—and the more covert the ridicule, so long as he suspected it, the more he resented as well as dreaded it. He stepped into the street, and taking a hand from a pocket, pointed up to '"Sco tilt 1" he said. " Dinna ye see the twa reid horse V " Ay," answered Donal, " I see them weel eneucn, but I'm nane the wiser nor gien they war twa reid whauls. Man," he went on, turn ing sharp round upon the fellow, "ye re no cawpable o' conceivin' the extent o' my ignor ance ! It's as rampant as time reid horse upo' your sign ! I'll yield to naebody i' the amoont o* things I dinna ken!" The man stared at him for a moment. "I's warran'," he said, "ye ken mair nor ye care to lat on!" "An' what may that bo ower the heid o'them fora crest?"asked Donal. " It's a base pearl-beset," answered tho land. | j He had not a notion of what a base meant, nor yet pearl-beset, yet he prided himself on his knowledge of the words. " Eh." returned Donal," " I took it for a skate!" "A skate," repcatod the landlord, with offended sneer, and turned towards the house. " I was thinkin' to put up at yer hoose the nicht, gien ye could accommodate me at a rizzonable rate,'>aid Donal. " I dinna ken,\ rejoined John Glumm, hesi tating, with his back to Donal, between nnwil lingness to lose a penny and resentment at the supposed badinage, vkhich was in Donal nothing but humorous good faith; " what wad ye ca' rizzonable ?" , , "I wadna grutch a saxpence for my bed: a shillin' I wad coont ower muckle," answered Donal. " Weel, ninepence, than—for yeacemna ower como wi' siller. " Na," answered Donal " I'm no that; what ever my burden, yon's no hit. The loss of what I hae wad hardly mak me lichter to rin the race set afore me !" "Ye're a queer customer 1" said the man, without the ghost of an idea as to Donal'a meaning. " I'm no aae queer," rejoined Donal, " but I hae a kist corain' by the carrier, direckit to the Morven Airms. It'll be here in time, doobt leas." "We'll ace whan it comes," remarked the landlord, implying that the chest was easier for Donal to mention than for the landlord to believe. " The want o' 't is," continued Donal, " that I canna weel shaw myser wantin' shune. I hae a pair i' my kist, but that's no o' my feet." "There's sutors anew i' the toon to mak shune for a regiment," said the innkeeper. "It's men'in, no raakin',' I'm in want o\ Whaur does yer minister bide? Whaur's the manse, I mean?" "No far, but he's frae hame the noo; an' forby he disna care aboot tramps. He winna waur muckle upo 1 the likes o' you." The landlord was recovering himself, there fore his insolence. Donal gave a laugh. The thoroughly simple, those content to be what they are, have the less concern about what they seem. The ambitious, who like to be taken for more than they are, may well be annoyed when they are taken for less. "I'm thinldn' ye wadna do muckle for a tramp aither!" he said. " I wad not," answered Glumm. " It's the pairt o' an honest man to discountenance ,a' kins o' lawlessness." "Ye wadna hang the puir craturs, wad ye ?" asked Donal. "I wad hang a wheen mair of them nor comes aft to the wuddie." "Ye mean well, doubtless; but gien ye was ac day to be in want yoursel'!" " We'll bide till that day comes. But what are ye stan'in' there jawin' for? Do ye tak me for a gype ? Are ye comin in, or are ye no ?" "Irs a some cauld welcome ye offer me!" said Donal. "It's true I'm tired, but I's jist take a luik aboot afore I mak up my mind. A tramp, ye ken, has na to stan' upo' ceremony." " He has to haud a ceevil tongue in's heid!" said Glumm. Donal turned sharp round, but the man was already in the house, and in the act of dis appearing down a passage. He turned away ana walked further along the street. He had not gone far before he came to a low arched gateway in the middle of a poor-looking house. Within it, on one side, sat a little bowed man, cobbling diligently at a boot. The light of the west, where the sun had loft behind him a heap of golden refuse and cuttings of rose and purple, shone right in at the archway, and enabled the little short-sighted man to jjo on after work-hours were naturally over. This was the very man Donal needed! A respectable shoemaker would have disdained to patch up such a pair of shoes as he carried—especially as the owner had none on his feet. Ministry is not the rule of our Christianity. But here was one who doubtless would minister to his need! " It's a bonny nicht," said Donal. "Ye may weel say that, sir!" replied the cobbler without looking up, for a somewhat critical stitch occupied him. " It's a balmy nicht." "That's raiOher a bonny word to puttil't!" returned Donal; "there's a kin' o* an' air aboot the place I wad hardly hae thoucht balmy! But doubtless that's no the fau't o* the nicht r "Ye're richt there also," returned the cobbler; and his use of the conjunction im pressed Donal as indicating a tendency to con tinuity of thought " But the weather has to do wv the smell—wi' the mair or less o't, that is. It comeß frae a tanneree no far frae here. But it's no an ill smell to them 'at's used tilt; an' ye wad hardly believe me, sir, but I can smell the clover through 't a. Maybe I'm some preejudeeced i' fawvour o' the place, seem' but for the tan-pits I couldna weel drive my trade; but sittin' here frae mornin' to nicht I get a kin' o' habit o' luikin' cot for my blessin's. To recognise an auld blessin' fs 'maist better nor to get a new one. A pair o' shune weel cobblet's full better nor a pair o' new ones." "Ay are they," said Donal; "but I dinna jist see hoo yer seemily applies." "Isna gettin' on a pair o' aide well kent shoon, 'at winna nip yer feet nor let in the watter, like comin' to ken a blessin' ye hae been haein' for months, maybe yean, only ye didna kent for ane ? It's a suddent glorifica tion o' the auld shune." As he said this the cobbler lifted a little wizened face and a pair of twinkling eyes to those of the student, revealing a soul as original as his own. He was ono of the in wardly inseparable, outwardly far divided, company of Christian philosophers among whom individuality as well as patience is free to work its perfect work—but a God-possessed individuality. In the moment of that glance Donal saw a ripe soul looking out of its tent door, all but ready to leap abroad in the sun shine of the new life. But the world would think not a straw more of a poor disciple if thoy saw the Lord sitting talking with him— nay, if they heard their talk—for it would not be of the electric light, or of telephones, or of shares, or the opening of new hunting grounds for the manufacturers of the west; it would be only old-fashioned and superstitious, dealing with the roots of being and well-being. But what can money do to console a man with a headache? Donal stood for a moment lost in a sort of eternal regard of the man whom he seemed to have known for a few ages at least, when the cobbler looked up again. "Yell bo wantin' a job i* my line, I'm thinkin,'" he said, with a kindly nod towards Donal's shoeless feet. 1' There's sraa' doobt o' that," returned Donal. " I had scarce startet, but owcr far frae hame to gang back, when the soles 'ac shue cam off, an'l had to tramp it wi' vane but mine am. But I fiess them on wi' me, no fearin' to fa' in wi' ano o' your profession wha wad help me." " An' I's warran' ye thankit the Lord, when the sole cam off, 'at ye had been broucht up wi' soles o' yer am as teuch's ony leather, an fit for wayf arm'!" "To tell the truth," answered Donal, " I hae sac mony things to be thankfu' for 'at it's but sma' won'er gien I forget some o' them. But ye're i' the richt, an' the Lord's name be praist at he gae me feet fit for gangin' upo'!" Donal took his shoes from where they hung at his back, and, untying the tiring that bound them, presented the ailing one, with deference of one asking help, to the cobbler. " That's what we may ca' deith!" remarked the cobbler, as he regarded the sorely invalided shoe. Donal caught his moaning. " Ay, deith it is," he answered, " for it'B a sair divorce o' sole an' body." " It's a some auld farrand joke," said the cobbler, " bat the fun intil a thing doesna weir oot ony mair nor the poetry or the trowth intil t.* Donal was charmed with his new acquaint ance. " Who would dare say there was no provi dence in the loss o' my shoe sole ?" he remarked to himself. "Here I am in this unknown place, with a friend already!" The cobbler was submitting the shoos, first the sickly, then the comparatively sound one, to a thorough scrutiny. "Ye dinna think them worth men'rag, I doobt?" said Donal, with a touch of anxiety in his tone. "I never thoucht that o' any whaur the leather would haud the steik, replied the cobbler. "But whiles, I confess, Pra jist a wheen tribled to ken hoo to chairgc for tho wark. For it's no barely to be considered the time it'll tak me to cloot them up, but whether the puir body's like to get eneuch oot o' them to mak it worth their while to pey for a' ray time waurt I canna tak mair frae them nor it'll be worth to them. Ye see, the waur the shune the mair time they tak to mak them worth onything ava'." " But surely you ought to be paid in propor tion to your labour." " But i' that case I wad whiles hae to say till a puir body 'at had na anither pair i' the warl' 'at that same bird-alane pair o* shune was na worth men'in'; an' that micht be a hert a brak, an' sair feet forby—to sic as was na, like yer sel', sir, born weel shod." ''But how will you make a living that way ? said Donal, delighted to hear him. "Hoots, the maister o'the trade'ill see to my wauges." " An'wha may that be?" " He was never a cobbler himsel', but he was ance a vright (carpenter), an' noo he's liftit up to be the heid o' a* the trades, cobblers an' a T. An' there's ac thing he cannot bide, and that's pairin' close." He stopped, but Donal held his peace that he might go on, and he did go on. "To them 'at raaks least, for ru&ons; gude, by their neebor, he gies the best wauges whan they gang hame. Them 'at maks a at they can, he says til them, 'Ye helpit yersel'—help awa'—ye hae yer reward. Come na near me, for I canna bide.' But aboot that shune o' yours. I dinna weel ken. They're weel eneuch worth duin' the best I can for them; but the morn's Sunday, an' what hae ye to put on ?" "Naething—till my kist comes, an' that I doobt winna be till Monday, or maybe the day efter." " And ye winna be ablo to gang to the kirk wannin' shune 1" " I'm no that particiar about gaein' to tlie kirk: but think ye, gien I wantit to gang, or gien I thoucht I was bun to gang, I wad bide at hame 'cause I had nae shune to gang in ? Wad I ever tak it intil my heid the Lord wad be affrontit wi' the bare feet he made himsel' ? Eh, the bonny washin' he gae wi' 'us am bare Ban's to twal pair o' feet—an ac pair o' thae makin' haste to shed his blude!" The cobbler caught up the worst shoe and began upon it at once. flYe s' hae % sir," he said, "gien I sit a' nicht at it! Ane '11 due till the Monday. Ye so' hae 't afore kirk-time, but ye maun come intil the hoose to get it, for the fowk wad be scunnert to see me workin' upo' the Sabbath day. They dinna un'erstan' 'at the maister works Sunday and Setterday—and his Father too!" "You don't think, then, there would be any thing wrong in mending a pair of shoes on the Sabbath day V " Wrang fin obeyin' my maister, whase is the day as weel's a' the days? They wad fain tak it frae the Son o' Man, wha's the Lord o' it, but they canna! I hae that to learn yet! An' * raither no learn that I wad gang straucht to the ill place. Onything raither nor think less o' him whom my sowl loveth !" And the cobbler looked up over the old shoe with eyes that flashed. " But then—excuse me," said Donal, " why should you not hold your face to it, and work openly in the name of your God I There's some thing in me that cannot bear even the look of anything underhand." " Lang may it be sac wi' ye, sir! But dinna ye rain' %t we're tell't naither to dv oor gude works afore men to be seen o' them, nor yet to cast our perls afore swine ? I coont cobblin' your shoes, sir, a far better work nor gaein' to the kirk, an' I wadna hae 't seen o' men. Gien I war workin' for fear o' my am starving*, it wad be anither thing." [to be continued.] The PKBBB.—There is no profession in which a man stands more supremely on his merits than in that of journalism. In many others promotion is more a question of in fluence, of good fortune, or of time, than of actual working capacity. In journalism, in fluence goes for little or nothing unless there be on the part of the aspirant roal efficiency to perform the work that has to be done. There never was greater competition in the Press than there is at the present day, and that com petition is more likely to become keener than to diminish. It is becoming more and more a question of the survival of the fittest, and special eminence is ever more difficult to attain. The incompetent and inexperienced, therefore, must inevitably go to the wall. There are many men now occupying the highest ranks of the journalistic profession who have risen from the lowest. As illustrating the various stages of such promotion, it may not be out of place to mention a case in point. We could name the editor of one of the most power ful daily newspapers published in the United Kingdom who began life as a lad on the bottom most round of the ladder — in the printing office ; who, by his own unaided industry and perseverance, entered, through various stages of preferment, upon the work of reporting, and passed from one grade to another in that de partment, till, after a wide experience of pro vincial and general work, lie reached what is in many respects the most important sphere in which that arduous calling is exercised —that of Parliamentary reporting; and who, throughout an extended experience in the gallery of the House of Commons, acquired a Knowledge of political affairs, of the relations of parties and of statesmen, and of the intricacies of Parliamentary procedure, which must have proved invaluable to him in the subsequent periods of his career. The remaining stages of sub-editorial and editorial work were duly passed through, and his present position attained. The majority of our most successful journalists are self-made men. The Press is every year becoming a greater power in the land; it is already one of the greatest " re sources of civilisation," and we might as soon try to get along without steam, or railways, or tho post-office, as without our newspapers. If we arc to have newspapers, we must have editors to direct them, and the editors must march with or in advance of the times. There is, therefore, good reason to hope that better things are in store for tho coming gene rations of journalists than there have been for those that arc gone, and that on the news paper Press the best talent, the maturest judg ment, and the most cultivated taste will yet find congeniul and appropriate work. — Cham ber*'* Journal. 