DONAL CRANT. BY GEQRGH MAODONALD. Author op Alec Foudks, Ha wo oh, Sia, && Chapter XXV. When Lord Morvon heard of his eon's re turn he eont for Donal, received him , iu a friondly way, gave him to understand that, however he might fail to fall in with his viows, ho depended thoroughly on whatever ho said or undortook. and iniulo to him tho reuuest that ho would keep him informed of anything ho might be able to discover with regard to his son's proceedings. " I nra told tho girl lias gone back to bor re lations," ho concluded. Donal replied that whilo ho folly acknow ledged his lordship's right to know what his son was doing, thoro were otlinra concerned also, and he did not feel at liberty to pledgo himself to anything — certainly ho could not consent to watch Lord Forgne, which would ho neither more nor less than to take lha position of a spy, " I will however warn him," lie concluded, " that I may see It right to let his father know what he is about. I fancy, Uowovor, ho knows that pretty well already." "Pooh! that would bo only to givo him warning — to teach him the necessity for the more cunning !" said the oarl. " I can do nothing underhand," replied Donal. " I will help no man to keep an un righteous secret, hut neither will I secretly disclose it." Mooting Forguo a few days afterwards, his lordship wonld havo passed him without re cognition, but Donal stopped him, aud said — " I boliovo, my lord, you havo seen Eppie since your return,". " What the ducoc is tliat to yon?" " I wish your lordship to understand that whatovor comes to my, knowledge ooucorning your proceedings in regard to her, I consider myself at perfect liberty to report to your father if I see fit ; he has a right to know- of them." " Thank you I tho warning was quite un necessary. Still, it is sn advantage few infer- mors would hove given mo, and I thank you, for so far I am indebted to you. It does nothing, however, to redeem you from the shame of such a profession 1" "When your lordship has proved himself an honorable gentleman, it will begin to be pos sible for me tn tako sonic shadow of interest In what your, lordship may judge of my pro. ccedings, In tho meantime, it is no more to me than what you rook up there thinks," "As much as to say that you do not think mo an honorable man I" said Forgue, with a sneer. "Only at present that I continue in doulit of you. Time will show what is in you. For God's sake, my lord, look to your own soul I" "Such threats are no more tome than tho black man of tlio nursery. I would rather do wrong for love than right for fear." "Threats, my lord !" repeated Donal, " Is it a threat to warn you not to mako your con science' a curse to you? To tell you that to know yourself may by your own deed be made a torture to you ? Tbat you may bring yourself like Macbeth to dwolt in the midst of trembling, to mako it tho first care of your lite to forget that you are what you aro ? Do you know those lines of Shakspcare's about T'arquiu — IlssMos, his soul's fslr teraplo Is dstaeefl; To whose woak ruins muster troops <il earn. To ask tho spotted princess how she fares ? " Oh, hang your pleaching?" cried Forgue, and turned away. " My lord," arid Donal, " if you will not hoar mo, thoro are jjrochera you must hear," They must not be quite so long winded then I ' Forguo answered, speaking as ho went, without turning his head. . " You are right," said Donal, " they will not have much to say, bat thoy may neither bo more welcome nor more brief." v , rSu0 thoughts wore now. occupied with the question how Eppie aud -ho were to meet without danger of interruption. I do not think he contemplated treachery. I think that at this time of his life ho oould not havo raspeetod himself, little as was required for that, had he been consciously treacherous ; but no man who Is in love, yet loves himself most, is safe from becoming a traitor; poten tially he Is one already s treachery to him who commits it seoms only natural and justi- fiable solf -preservation. Tlio man who can do a vilo thing is inoapable of seeing it as it is ; and that ought to mako ub very doubtful of our own judgments of ourselves, especially if they be dofonsive judgments. Forgue did not suspect himself. Yet he had but just had his passion for" the girl revivified by the eight of Kennedy with her, and the idea of another man having hor as his own I He never confessed to himself that he had begun to forget her, and had only beon roused to fresh desire by the con- fronting of his past of partial possession with tho threatened future of another's marriage with her. If ho had stayed away six months, liis heart ot least would have forgotten her altogether. This may seem hard to believe. Some, perhaps, may bo inolined to argue that, if lie had devotion enough to surmount tho vulgarities of hor position and manners and ways of thinking, his lovo could hardly besuoh as to yiold so soon. But Eppie was not vulgar. Many poorer than she are far less vulgar than some of tho so cnlled loaders of Bociety, No doubt the conventionalities of a man like Forgue must naturally have been not unfro- quently shocked in familiar intercourse with one like Eppie. But while he wns merely flirting with her, thoy would only amuso him ; and by tho time ho was nearer being in love with hor, he must have got so accustomed to them that the growing passion obscured them altogether, and he never for tho timo thought of them. There is no doubt that, brought out as his wife, and confronted with tho common people of society, whilo the flower of his passion was fast withering, ho must become painfully awero of many things in her which then he would call vulgarities when perhaps thoy wore only simplicities; but in tho meantime bIio was no more vulgar to him than a lamb, or n fool, or a baby is vulgar, however unfit ono or tho other of them may bo for a Eelgravian drawingroom. Yet vulgar, doubtless, ho Would now havo thought and felt her, but for tho love that caused him for tho time to do her justice. Lovo is tho opener as woll as closor .of oyes; But men who," having seon, return to thoir blindness, aro of tho readiest to say thow have had their eyes opened. , For some timo there was no chango In Eppie s behavior, but that Bho was not so tear, ful as before. She continued diligent, never grumbled at the hardest work, and seemed desirous of making np for remissness in tho post, when in truth she was trying to mako np for something oloo in tho prcsont to atono for souiotliing she could not toll by doing immcdialo duty with tlis greater dllf. gcnce. But by and by sho began again to show both in manner and countenance a little of tlio old portness, mingled with on uneasiness amounting to something liko fear. But theso phenomena of lior nature were so intermittent nud unprouonncod as to bo manifest only to oyes loving nnd before familiar with hor looks and ways : her grandparents and DonnI saw them. It wns clear, to thelast especially, that the former relations between her and Forgue must bo resumed, Slio novor went out intho evening, however, except she were sent by her grandmother ; and then she was always home very quickly— anxious, it seemed, to avoid every posslblo suspicion. Sho appeared also disinclined to go outduriDg tho day except in like fashion, but hor grandmother insisted on her having more or less of a walk every mom. ing, and with npparcnt reluotance she con- Rented, At such a timo of the day, when every, body was about, and all tho business of tho town going on, what danger could there he? the old woman said to herself. It was the custoai with Donal and Davie to go often into the woods in the fine weather thoy called them thoir ol>3crvation-cUo6-room —to learn what they might of the mid. titndinous goings on in that one of nature's workshops. _ There each for himself , and tlio other exercised his individual powers of Boeing nnd noting nnd putting together — Donal'a be ing the better ; for although ho know littlo about woodland matters, having been ac. customed almost exclusively to tho moadows fiolds, and bare lull-sides, yet having liad his powers thus cultivated in tho open air, lie was very keen to observe even new things, and could tho better tcooh perhaps that ho was but a better loarner himself. One day, while they wero walking together with opou eyes and ears under tho thin chado of a fir-thicket, Davie said with a sudden change of subject - " I wonder if wo shall moot Forgue to-day I Iiegotsup early now, and goes out. I know it is neither to fish nor shoot, for lie docs not take his rod or liis gun ; 30 there must he something he has'got to watch and find out I Shouldn't you Bay bo, Mr. Grant?" This set Donal thinking. Epplo was never out nt night, or only for n few miuutes : in the morning Forgue went out early 1 But what could he do in the matlor ? If Eppie Woutd moot him, how could anyone help it ? Cn.vwxn XXVI. Tilings went on for a whilo, and nothing new occurred. Donal seldom met Lady Arctura, uad when ho did he received from her no oncouragoment to address her. - But- ho could not help thinking tho troubled look had begun to rc-appcar on her face, whilo in her smile, as thoy would pass in hall or corridor, glimmered, he thought, an expression almost pathetic— something almost like an appeal, as if she found herself In need of his bolp, but was not ablo to ask him for it. And now sho wns again, and more than over, in the company of Miss Carmichaol. Donal know this, and so had good cause to fear that tho Pharisaism of hor would-be directress was coming down upon her, not like rain on tho mown gross, but like snow on tho spring flowers. The impossi bility of piercing tho lovers of tradition in any vital part, so pachydermatous are they — so utterly inoapable of admitting any argument of nsplrltnal nature— is a sore trial to tho old adam Btill unslain In lovoiu of tho Truth. At tho same timo no discipline is more potent' fngiv. iagpati encs opportunity for working her perfect Work. But it is well rooh people cannot bo reached by argnmont, and to petsuadod of tho troth of theso things ; for bo thoy would bat onter tho circles of tho faithful to work fresh schisms and brood fresh imposthumes. Donal prayed to God for Lady Arctura, nnd waited, Tho hour was not yot ripe. Every- ono that Is- ready tho Father brings to Jesus ; tho disciplo Is not greater than his master, and mast not thinkto hasten tho timo, or load one who is not yet given bim to lead. Ono ought not to bo miserabta about another as if God hod forgotten him — only to pray and bo ready. Strange helpers must wo bo for God, If, think- ing to His work, wo aot as If Ho wore Himself neglecting It ( To wait for God, believing it His ono design to redeem Win creatures, ready to put to tile ' hand tho moment his hour strikes, is faith fit for a fellow-worker with Him I But Donal had begun to think that perhaps he had boen too forbearing towards the hideous 1 dootrinos advooatod by Miss Carmtehasl. It ib one thing where ovll dootrinos nro quiotly 1 held, and the truth that is associated with , them turned into tlio food of life by good | people doing their best with what has been | taught them, and quito another thing wlioro Ithey are forced upon some shrinking nature against all its moBt saerod Instincts — somo na ture rendered weak to resist by the very re- I verenee In which It oxcels. Tho finer nature, 1 from very inability to think of anothor as less pure in Intent than itself, is at a great disad vantage in tho hands of tho coarser. He nindo up liis mind that, risk as it wns to enter into disputation with any worshipper of the letter, seeing tliat for purposes of argument tho letter is so much more mauagoablo than tho spirit, which whilo it lies in the letter unporccivcd has no forco — tho lettor worshipper being in capable of seolng that no uttoranco of God could possibly menu what ho makes out of it —ho resolved, I say, notwithstanding this con sideration, to hold himself ready, and if any thing was given him, to ory alond and not spare. Nor had he long resolvod ere the op portunity camo. For a place so muoh unsought as I have re presented the old avenue, a rather largo pro portion of the incidents of my narratlvo thors occurred ; It wns in a groat measure becauso of its desertion tbat Donal frequented it, and it was with intent, and in tho pride of her confi dence in her owriacquatntanco with scripture, and in hor power to use It, that Miss Car michaol on tlio occasion led her rather unwll- liog, rathor recusant; and very unhappy disciplo thithorward, in tho hopo, because of what she had been reporting con corning his words, of sn encounter with him. Snoh attaoks upon the old -established faith must be met, nnd sncn an obnoxious influonco frustrated I It ' was a bright autumn day. The trees had been sorolf boroavod, butBomo foliage hung yot in thin yellow clouds upon their outspread patient boughs. Thoro was plenty of what Davio oalled scushliii, that is malting a noise with-the . feet amongst the thick-lying withered leaves.; fjutlcssfoliago meansmore sunlight. Donal; was walking along, his book in his hnnd, now aid then reading a little, and now and then, Joolting up to the half bnrod branches . oroostug «nd mingling so inextricably ovor Ills head, now and then, like Davio, sweoping a cloud of the fallen multitudo before him. Ho was in this childish act when, looking up, he saw tho two Indies approaching a few yards in front. .But ho did not boo tho peculiar look Miss Carnilohaol tlirow hor companion — "Bohold your prophet 1" it said. Ho would iiavo passed with a lifted hounct, but Hiss Car- jnichael stopped — with a smilo which was bright because it showed her good teolh, but was not pleasant becauso it showed nothing '"Glorying over tho fallen, Mr. Grant 2" sho aid. Donal in his turn smiled. "Tliat is scarcely Mr. Grant's way," Bald Arctura, " — so far at least as I havo known liim 1" "Poor children 1" said Miss Carmiohael, feeling or affecting a sympathy with tho fallen leaves, and looking down on them compas sionately. "Pardon mo," said Donal, "if I grudge them your pity ; it sooms to mo misplaoed. There is nothing more of children in those leaves than there is in the hair that falls on ihn barber's floor." _ "I don't think it very gracious to pnll a lady up bo sharply," returned Miss Carmiohael. "X spoke poetically." " There is no poetry in what is not true," rejoined Donal. " Xhoso are not tho children of the trco." " Of course 1 I know that," Bho answered, with properly moderated scorn at being mis understood; " a tree has no children, but " ' A tree no children !" ropeutcd Donal. " What then are all thoso boaoh nut3 among tho fallen loaveB 2 They aro tho children of the tree !" . " Lost like tho leavoB !" sighed Miss Car miohael, willing to shift her ground. "Why do you say they aro lost? They must fulfil tbo end for which they wcro made; and if so " "What end were they mado for 2" "X do not know ; but who can toll what they do for the ground 2 Onn thing wo know, that if thoy were all to crow up beech trees, they would be a good deal in tho way." " Then you mean thcro arc more Bccds than are required?" "No, surely ; for I do not know what is required of them — or how necessary it may bo for tho true life of the tree to produco them all." " But you muBt allow that somo things aro lost!" said Miss Carmiohael. " Yes, snrely 1" answered Donal j " why else should he have to come and look for them till he find them 2" This was hardly such an answer as the theo logian had . expected, and sho was not imme diately ready with hor rejoinder. " But some of them are lost after all !" sho eaid. " Doubtless," replied Donal ; "somo of his sheep run away again. But he goes after them again." " Does ho always ?" "Yes." " I do not believe it." "Then you do not bolieve that God is in finite 2" " Yes, I do." "How can you! Is not. the Lord God merciful and gracious 2" " I ain glad yon know that." " But if his mercy and his graciousneBs aro not infinite, then he Is not infinite." . " There ore other attributes in which ho is Infinito," ; "But lie Is not infinite In them all. Re is not infinite m those which are the most beautiful, tho most divino, tho most Christ-like ! Just In thoso ho is measurable, bounded, not in. fiaito!" "X do not care for human argument. Xgo By tho word of God." "Let me hear, then." Now it had so fallen that tho two ladies "Were talking about tho doctrino of adoption Wlion they camo up to Doual, and so this was the first thing to occur to tho ohampion of orthodoxy, . "There is the doctrine of adoption," she said, "one of the most precious, if one may say so, in the whole Bible ; does not that even teach us that God ohooses to make some his .children and not others 2 Ho adopts some, and leavoa the others out. If yon say that then he is not infinite in mercy, when tho Bible Bays he is, you are guilty of blasphemy." But if Miss Carmichael was a little astonished at what sho accounted, after her ' pii a . donial of tho infinitude of \- J?® moroy, where Donal was only denying that to be Infinite which sho called infinite, and so asserting tho real infinitude, sho was Very much astonishod at what ho said noxt. J"1 tone calm oven to solemnity ho said — God's moroy is infinito ; and tho doctrino .Of adoption is ono of tho falsest of all tho doctrlnos invonted, in Its own bitter lack of tho spirit whereby wo cry Abba, Father, by tho so-called Ghuroh, and used by yet less loving teachers to oppress withal tho souls of God's trno children, and scare them from their Father's arms." " I hate sontiment," said Miss Carmiohael almost fiercely, (J- " shall havi bono," returned Donal. Toll mo what la meant by adoption." " The taking of children," said Miss Car miohael, who was Bhorp enough already to soo a rock ahead, "and treating thom as your own." "Whoso children t" asked Donal. Anyone's." "Whoso, I ask," repeated Donal, "aro tho Children whom God adopts 2" Here was the rock. Her bark was upon it, and Miss Carmichael was a little stnggored. But sho palled up courage and said — " Tho children of Satan." . "But if Satan mado them, how aro thoy to ii or tho deeds of their father?" know very well what I mean. Satan did not xnako thorn. God mado thom, hut thoy havo sinned and fallen." "Then did God repudiate them 5" "Well, yes." "And thoy becamo tho ohildren of an other 2" "Yes, of Satan, as I said." "Thou first, God disowns his children, and then when thoy aro tho -children of another makes thom lus own. again by adoption? Is like a father ? Because his children .donot ploara him, ho repudiates them altogether till another takes them up, and then ho wants thom r"/? — noi ''owovcr, as his own, but us the KT-n if1',' requiring to bo adopted to be his I X ho old relation of their origin lias no nn renlity. with their very ...i"i'1Ion y?" l!nrc not surely Ray that the wicked aro tlie children of God just tho same as the good," , ha' b far from mo t Those who do tho will of God arc ton limes mora liis children than thoso who donot; thoy aro born then of tno highest part of tho divino nature, of tho nature of Josus Christ, which is obedience. But it thoy were not in tho first place and in the most profound fact tho children of God, thoy could jiuver become his children in that higher, yea, liigliOBt sense, by any fiction of adoption. Do you think if the devil could creato, his children could ovor becomo tho children of God ? But you and I , and tho most wrotchodsolf. lover over born, are all the children of God to begiu witii. That is what makes all tho misery aud all tho hopo. llenco wo muBt becomo liis children in heart and soul, or be for ovor wretched. If wo censed to bo his, if tho relations between us were destroyed, which is impossible, then there would bo no redemption possible, for there would bo nothing left to redeem." "You may reason as you please, Mr. Grant, but while Paul teaohes tho doctrino I will hold it. He may perhaps know a little better thauyou. "Paul teaches no' such doctrine. Ho toaohos just what I havo been sayinsr, Tlio word is used for adoption, but tho original of it is a placing in thc position of a son, and iio applies it to the raising of one who is a son- to tho true position of a son," " It seems to mo more presumptuous in you than I can 6ay to toko on you to determine what the npostio meant." " Why, Miss Carmichael, do yon think tho gospel comes to us as to a set of fools? Is there any way of receiving a messago other than by first understanding the message ? I am bound by tho express command of the master to understand tho things ho says to mo. He commands me to see their rectitudo, hecauso, thoy being true, I ought tu bo ablo to seo thom truo. In that hope I read my Grcok Testament evory day. But it is not necessary to know Greek to see what Paul means by adoption. You have only to consider his words with intent to find out his meaning, not to find in tiiem the teaching of this or that commu nity. In tho epistle to the Galatiam, whose child does ho apoak of as adopted ? It 13 tho father's own child, his heir, who differs nothing from a slave until ho enters upon his truo re lation to his father — the full condition of a son. So also in another passage hy tho same word he_ means the redemption of the body — our psssing into the lilghor condition of out ward things fit for the sous and daughters of God — becoming such in all the grandeur and glory of the relation completed even outwardly — the heavenly condition of things as differing from tho earthly. Then wo aro no more tile alien;, but like what we are, the children of tho house. Anyuse Uf n singlo word Paul savsto oppress a human heart with tho feeling that it is not by birth, making, origin, or whatever word of closer meaning can be found, tho child of God comes of tho devil, the father of evil, and not either of Paul or of Christ. Why, my lady," Donal went on, turning to Arctura, "all the evil lies in this — that lie is our father and wo are not his children. To fiUGl the very necessities of our being we must he his chil dren in brain and heart, in body and soul and spirit, in obedience and hope and gladness and love — his out and out beyond ail tiiat tongue can say, mind think, or heart desire. Then only is onr creation fulfilled — then only Bhall we bo what wo were mado for, and mado oapable of, and what wo aro troubled on all sides that we may becomo." He ceased. Miss Carmiohael was astonished and intellectually cowed, but hor hoart was no wise touched. She liad never hud that longing after olosest relation with God which sends us feeling after tho Father. But taking courage under tho overshadowing of the wing of the divino Arctura spoke. " I hope what you say is truo, Mr. Grant 1" Bhe sighed. " Oh yes, hope I we all hope ! But it is the word we havo to do with, not hope;" said Miss Carmichael. " I have given you tho truo word," said Donah Bat as if sho heard neither of them, Arctura went on — " If it wore but true," she almost moanod, ' it wonld set right everything on the face of he earth." " You mean far-more than that, my lady !" said Donal. "You mean everything in tho human heart, which will to all otoruity keep moaning and crying out for tho Father until it is in very truth one with its own nearest, only real relation in tho univerao or in tho scope of the divine imagination itseir, which is creation original and potent. All other re lations whatever aro but the outcome and ne cessity from tho all- embracing relation to Him." Judging his work over, Donal lioro lifted his bonnot, and would havo passed on. "Ono word, Mr. Grant," said Mies Car michael. Donal stoppod, "It is but fair to warn you," alio said, "that no man holding audi doctrines can honestly desire to bocomo a clergyman of the Church of Scotland." "T.ho worso for tho Church of Scotland 1" laid Donal, laughing : " but as I do not de sire to hold relation with it or any other Church, excoptthotof love to every member of the one only real Church, you need have no anxiety lest I should uso its organisation for tho spread of tho trnth — for tho truth of God, that which I havo spoken I believo with my whole soul to be." "Thank you from my heart, Mr. Grant!" said Lady Arctura, as ngain lie took his leavo of them. When ho was gone, tho ladies resumed thoir walk in silenco, At length Miss Carmichaol spoko, and thus ; "Well, I must say, of all tho conceited young men I bavo had tho misfortune to meot, your Mr. Grant is the first in solf as- suranco and forwardness," " Aro you snro, Sophia," rcjoinod Arctura, "that it is self assurance, and not conviction of tho truth of what ho has to say, that gives him tho couraso to speak as he dooa 2" "How oan It bo wlion it is not truo — when it goos against all that has for ages boon taught and balieved 2" " What if God should now bo sending fresh light Into the minds of his people," |"Tho old is good enough for mc." , "But it may not bo good enough for God ! What if Mr, Grant should bo His mcssonor tons!" " A likely thing, indeed ! A mere student from the north, raw from college !" "No matter! I cannot help a profound hopo that ho may ho in the right after. all. Wan not that tho way thoy spoko in the old ttmo, when they said, .« Can any good thine oomo out of Galileo?'" "All, I aco tho influence has gono further with you than I had hoped ! You are in- footed not merely with his doctrino, but witii his frightful irrovorenee ! To daro the com parison of that poor creature with Jesus Christ " If ho wore a messenger of Josus Christ'" said Arotura, quietly— " I neither say ho is or ho is not— but tho rocoption you now give him would be precisely what ho would expect, for tho Lord said tho discipla should bo as his Master." Tho words entered and staqg. Miss Car michael stoppod short, her face in a ilamo, bnt hor words wore cold and hard. "I am sorry," sho said, "our friendship should come to so nbrupt a oonclusion, Lady Arctura; hut It is time it Bhould end when you can spank solo ma, who havo for so many years done my best' to help you ! If that is tho first result of your new gospel — well I Bo- member who said, 1 If an angol from heaven preach any. other gospel to you than I havo preached, lot him be neenrsed !' " Sho turned back' to go again down tho nvouue. " Oh, Sophia ! do not leave mo so," criod Lady Arctura. But Sophia was already yards away, her skirt making a small whirlwind that wont following hor among tho withered loaves. Arctura hurst into tears, and sat down at the foot of ono of tho great becohes. Miss Oar, michael novor looked behind her, hut went straight home. Sho met Donal again in tho avonuo, for lie, too, had turned. Oneo mora ho uncovered his head, hut sho took no notice of him. She hod done with him— probably to all otoruity t TIiobo horriblo now views.! Hor poor Arotura I Donal, walking quietly baok with his book, on which, however, ho now looked more than ho road, trying with but partial success to dis miss the thought of what had occurred, when a little fluffy fringo of one of poor Lady Arctura's sobs reached Ills ear. He looked up, and saw hor sitting like ono rejected, weep ing. He could not pass and leave her thus ! But he approaohod her slowly, that she might havo tiiuo to get over the worst of hor passion. Sho heard his stop in ' tho gathered leaves, ' glanced up, saw who it was, buried her face for ono moment in hor hands, then sought her handkerohiof, raised her head, nnd rose with a fochle attempt at a Bmile. Donal saw and understood the smiles, Sho would not liavo him feel any compunction as the cause of what ' had taken place. " Mr. Grant," she said, coming towards him, "St. Paul said that should an angel from heaven preach any. other gospol than his, ho was oooursed. 'Let him bo accursed,' ho said. Even an angel 'from heaven, you see, Mr. Grant ! It is terrible 2" "It is terrible, and I say amon to it with all my heart,'' replied Donal. But tho gospel yon have received is not the gospel of Paul, but one substituted for it — by no angel from heaven, neitherwith any design of substitution, but hy men with hide-bound souls, who, in order to get them into their own intellectual pockets, molted down the gold of tho kingdom and ro-oast it in the monld3 of wretched legal thought, learned of tho Bomans, who cruoifled thoir Master. Grand childlike heavenly things they would explain hy vulgar worldly notions of law and right 1 Bnt thoy meant well, seeking to justify tho ways of God to men, therefore the enrso of tho apostlo docs not fall, I think, upon thom. They sought a way out of thoir difficulties, and thought they had found one, when in reality it was thoir faith that carried thom over tho top of their enclos ing wails. Bnt gladly wonld I see discomfited such as taking their invontion3 at tho hun dredth hand, and moved by none of tho fer vor of thoso who finit promulgated tho doc trines, lay them as the word and will of God — lumps of iron and kcap3 of dust — upon tho live, beating, longing hearts that cry out after thoir God — vanished afrosh in tho clonds those havo raised around the master, tho express image of the Father's person." " Oh, I do hope what you say u truo !" panted Arctura. " I think I shall die if I find it i.i not !" " You con find nothing but what the Lord teaches you. If you find what I toll you untrue, it will bo In not being enough — in not being grand and free and boanteous enough, To think anything too good to bo true is to dony God — to say tho untruo Is bettor than the trno — to commit tho sin against tho Holy Ghost, It will he something better and better, lovelier and lovelier, that Christ will teach you. Only you must leave human teaahers altogether, and give yourself to him to bo taught. If there is any truth in theso things, then Christ is in the world now 03 then, and within onr call." " I will try to do as you tell me," said Aro tura, holding out her band. " If there is anything that troubles you," said Donal, as Xie took it, " I shall be most glad to try and help yon ; but it is bettor there should not bo much talk. Tho thing lies bo- tween you and tho living light," With those words he loft her. Arotura fol lowed alowly to the house, and went straight to her own room, hor miud filling 03 she wont with slow reviving strength and a groat hope. No doubt there came somo of hor relief in tho departure of hor inenbus friend ; hut that wonld have soon vanished in fresh sorrow, but for tho hope and atrength to which this depar ture yielded tho room to spring up in her heart. By tho time alio saw her again sho trusted Bho would bo more firmly grounded in her idea? concorning many things, and would bo ablo to set them forth aright. Sho was not yet free of tho notion that yon must ho able to argue in defence of your convictions ; that you nro hardly at liberty to say you believo a thing so long as anyone is able to bring np an argument against it, which you only soo and cannot show to bo fnlse, Alas for us if our beliefs went no further than oxporionce or logic, or an embracing understanding oven if thq beliefs "themselves cauld justify thom ! Alas for onr beliefs, if they aro not what wo sbapo our lives, our actions, our aspirations, our hopeB, our repentances by ! Donal was glad indeed to think that now at length an open door stood before tho poor girl. . He had been growing uiucb interested In her, as one on wham life lay heavy, one who scomod ripe for tho kingdom of hcavou, in whoso way stood ono who would neither enter horself, nor allow to entor her that would. Sho was indeed fit fop, nothing but the kingdom of hoavou, so much was sho already tho child of him whom hitherto she had but longod after, not daring to call him hor father. But his regard for her was entirely that of tho gontlo strong towards tho weak ho would fain liolp. Ho had boon doubtless gratified by tho coufidonco she placed in him now and tbon, bnt, possibly, if ho had cared more for iior, ho might havo tokan loss. good-humored pains to satisfy hor in the matter of the authorship ; about this I am not sura. But now that bo could hope of her that she was fairly started on the path of life, namely, towards tho kuowledgo of him who is the life, ho felt hla care over her grow more tender, though still and always that of the stronger whoso part it is, divinely ordered, to serve tho weak, to minister of that wherohy the weak may grow strong. Tow men could be more aware than he that the presence of tho purest personal ends must cast doubt upon the best teaching. Whoever speaks for him self must ho a.liar. . Therefore he never sought opportunities of what is called doing good j he always waited till Biich were given him. In telling this, I judge no ono ; I meroly narrate. And l beg my reader to remember there is an aotivo 03 well as a passive waiting. But when ho saw that a word was required of him, who more ready than he, for his hour was thon come. After this, he lather than otherwise avoided meeting Lady Arctura— certainly, at lea3t, he did not Beok her. Whether bIio at all nought him, I con hardly aay ; I think not ; I am sure only that for a good many days they did not so much a3 see each other. 