A Tennessee Clliost Gomes to a house in Hamilton County, and rocks the baby to sleep every night. Now, then, by all the dwellers in the nether gloom, if thoro is a restless ghost of any old ancestor of ours would like to lind steady employment at good wages in a quiet family and good neighborhood, wo can give the perturbed spirit all it wants lo do in tho silent lino of genoral housework, ivith Sunday afternoon for itself, and one night out every week when it oould go around and raise a ghostly racket with tho neighbors, and haunt all the lonely houses in tho neighborhood. What a gem of a house-servant a ghost would bo. Nover 'sass' back; always invisible. Tho pie would come on the table as though it were sailing through the air ; the corpct-swooper would perform its noiseless functions without tho howling accompanimcnt oi 'Gnali- na- gnah-na-lha-woh — that wur the place whayre tho whisky is plenthy — whack! foi dlio rol loll' And at night it could haunt all , the objectionable neighbors until llioy fled tho neighborhood, anil property would depreciate seventy-live per cent., when wo could buy it in and whack up with tho ghost. No light and ? 110 firo required for the ghost's room. No privato watchman wanted on the block ; no dog on tho promises. When a burglar climbed in at the window, nnd felt the cold, clammy fingers of tho ghost wriggling down tho backof his neck ; when he drove a ten-inch bowie-knife clean through tho ghost's bosom five times, and the spectre smiled sadly at him, and showed him where liis throat had been out clear off , nine years before — how tho robber would drop his kit and wing his restless flight to realms ? beyond the farther limits of the city corporate. And wlion tlio door-bell rang, tlio ghost would just stick its head clciU' through tlie key-liolo and soe who was thero beforo tho door was opened. And thoro would be no sweethearts loafing about tho Ititchon Sunday nights — all, no. Truly, a ghost would bo a groat boon to tho homo, and if any of our readers know of - a ghost out of a job, send him ot onco to this office. — The Anjonaut. 