PRILMITIVE MLI'THODIST CHUAOIZ NEWCASTLE. Os Thursday evening lI.s, a tea and public meeting in commemoration of the anniver sary of the Newcastle Primitive Meih6dist Church, was held iu the church. Brown street. The tea, which may be fairly.spoken of as one of the best yet provided this season, cons sted of the choicest delicacices, which, comubined with the pleasant, smiles and eager attention of the ladies, added grdatly to make this the moset successful ta meeting yet hied in connection m.irh the .Brown street church. The public meeting was.preaided over by H. Hall, Esq., and on the platform we noticed the -hvs. J. A- Foggon (Sydney), W. Hll(Wesleyan), C S. Y. Price (Con gregationalist), and the ministers of the church (the Revs. E. C. Pritchald and P. W. Leadley).- After the n.e'ting had been opened by praise anl praye`, The Rev. E. C. ParTcaan briefly intro duced to the meeting their chaiimain, Mr. H. Hall, and in doingso ppaid a.hightrlbiteo of praise to the invalueble iid riendeiel towards their church by this gentleman. He also apologised for the absence fion the meeting of th: Revs. W. B tin, I'. A. Gordon, and J. Evans, who were unable to take part in their meeting, owing to chitu;'echl wo It necessitating their presence elsewiheri . They, however, sent their best wishes, an I hoped they vw uld have a mnost sut.c ssfual meeting. He had now much pleasure in calling upon their Society Stewanrd and Trustee of the church, Mr. Hichard Hall, to preside over that meeting. (Applause). The CIahsinaN felt exceedihgly gratified at having the pleasure of presiding orver the tweuty-in th anniversary meeting of the Jerown-street Churih, and had hal, by the grace of God, the pleasure of being present at all of its anniversarics. He referred to the sermons preached by the Rev. J.A: Foggon in connec ion with the present anniversary on Sunday last. He regretted that owing to the inclemency ofthie weather there was not that attendance of the mem bers of the cougregation on Sunday as he would like to have seen; but, despite this, the Rev. Mr. Foggon hat delivered thre'e very good sermons, which he believed would be productive of much good, and they were exceedingly thankful to him (the NRev. Mir. Foggon) for them. (Hear, hear.) They, as a congregation, had done exceedingly well during the past year, and he hoped they would return thanks to God for past aercies and take courage for the future. He concluded an excellent speech by calling upon The Rev. J. W. LSIILEY, who read the fohlowing report and financial statemnent: SMr. Olhairman and dleur Chrisilan frielis,-On, behalofthel mninisters, oficer, and members of tlhsli Cihurch, I hve great lpleasure in reading to yol a short report of our work during the past twelve suonthts. First, we do sinmlly return thanks to Almighty Goa for lthat milnount of success atd ptrosperity whtich le has grta:ious'y vouchsafed isllto us nur ing the past year. PIull many plant, Apollos llay uatcr, but it is God that giveth the increa'e, ansd to IliUt ha the glory and the honour. Though we Suave not made reapid strides in the exCtenision of the Kiingdoml of Ghrist, yet solme fruit ihas been gathercd into thel Church, undi we cullt tilild ullmer ous ceaous for dlevott thlankfuhltea to God. looking at the cnsdlition of our Chlurchl twelveo mon is ago, anrd t our present stale, we can see signsof considerable illproveleullt. There is an i.rease? d cnrnlestness and desire for the glory of God, aind the salvation of mnenl, cexhilbited by the iuasjorltyofour nilulers. This 'earnestneiis is allse cially seenlu ii nimuel, mlore diligent attendiulse oni the various week- venitng services. It h1.1d beel felt for some ttmna tlat the services soppllied dlur irg the vweek. viz., a prayer mneeting o Mlollndoy night, anrd n preaelhina service oni Thulrshday Iight, werCe nlot ulueqlaie to lieit the slpiritual require imelts of a living and uctive Chlurch.- It w~asL deenmeud ndviablo, theretoIc, to sueplemient them ; by holding a society's clhss Ileetlissi on Fridlay night, end latterly a Ilible cluss on unoul idy lllght, thile prnycr meeting being relegated to thie ruesday niugilt. These chaliges have Ibell,, nudlcr the botl8 Ing of God,exceed egly bhineiiielil to the Chirel. The clahs maeling fromi the boginiing ihas lhad it good averge tltedasnceo; ]liS from time to tihle jimrnllsed ilanullll~lra, nld th0ough at present not a lrge clase, yet has been a most refreshling means, of grace to those who have availed theorn wlves of its privilcges. In originating n Bible claps, we had two objects in view. (1) The olbtlaiing of increauseld light on Holy Scriptures nas being one of the aplloinited illneasl for eollr grosvthl in lolinesst and wilslol in tle ktnowledge of liil whclo is our Siavioiur and ]Rcdeemr. (2). The providing of lileans ftr the duvehopunont of our yiliug peopslii ito ellolosit Idhbeth n Cl ool teucher, a wolnt kesuly felt In Ianlly of our Babltlih Selhoils. Apsireeiating lsir olurect ind clo'ts in lthis dilrection, the class sooun linumberod thirty melllers, anlld hiltherto luis lad ai lerly good averageo aticdance. Ve astroiigly re commoued this class to the lnemlbcers of osr con, "regiitiou lnini ScSDelhlly wee ulrgO itili tliore who -are selekinig to lIe t.nefal iu the rle use of Chlrlist, to make Iuse of it. The RIcv. E. .l'ritchard is the kendor of the class. risme nlonths igo we hIold a forltnilight's evainge lisltiesorrices. uach night, (0 Gospel hlynls wero sulg ?lrough thile streets, anlid a service held il, evoolui?stistreetul whet, shlort, earnest clxhort tiitis weru givct, to large and aitteniiveconigregi- i dions. Weotake thlis opportlnity of exlsresllg our gratitundo for the uniform good ltehaviour asnlid tho larnest nttention givein i our naddresses oll those aroasions. Though our tflorls were not crownied = rittr that rlnl~dlld~t fillcee&?t whichl wo bo 1IIIlC!l dloihd, awv hlivoasse, i l io'lioveu thiat illuohl good tau drine at t?.'cu olen.:lr tntctligs. .u?L reelltly, I Staso cenileile, anlot collnlucatd wit ui in any wavy. solhlntnvily c:lliue forwardrl to thallnk Iti fle ?toe imeetigL, sthtillng that thle il?ssago the, delivered ]aud prvmel tuo lu, to heolll, "the worulo of otorllnl lif." l)inbtloi(t It ll v'lu h l i,?or*r.lrl. iat lut'list i--?,Usit211-t ,-t .'ivinu trs si to t.ilny other ustances fell into good ground, and brought forth. ruit to the glory of GCod, Notwithsltanding the work done during thic year, we should certainly be sorry to tako tills as a samplle year of progress made. We would much rather regard the present annlversary as the st.rt ing point for better things during the coming twelve mouths. W?o earnestly urge the members to re-cnnsecrate thelrmselves to the service of God; to cultivate an intense desire for the progress antl advancement of tile kingdom of Cirist; to exercise a spirit of brotherly love anid forbearance with each other; tnad, obeve otl, to prIay without ceasiig for a continual outpouring of the Holy Ghost. It must be our aim to exhibit to the world a more exarlted righlteoustness anid a more Christ-like life. "Let our light shi in t the world tlhant men may sec our good works, had glorify our Father which is in heaven." We are rteminded here of an entry thalt the great and good G(eorge WIhiteld made in his di'ry: "1 prayed God.thlis day to maike moe an oextraordinary Christian." His life is evidence sullicient that his prayer nwas heard anld answered. If we in'. the saime spirit and faith offeor up prayers to God for greter purity and usefulness, and diligently do our duty in the sphere in which Re bus plaecd us, we shall have a better reporti to present inext year. FiaNNxCIAr. STATEcIN-T. EXPENDnrrutt.-Coentret for enlargement antid noew school rooTe, £61152 ; cleaning ind.gas bills, £17 15s; intireest on maortgage. £6 19s ;'Panmer's bill for gas fittings £0.17s 6d; repairing organ, £t ls 6d; sIent oil improving the parsonage, £80 iLs Gd. 'letal, £827 lis Gd. Igco?sE.-Balance. front last year, £30 10s 3d; donatidons, £251 14s; proceeds of last annivcrsary; .26 lts; collection for lighting and cleaninig, £23. 7s dd; seat rents, £22 Os lld; rent of parsonage, £3; ttowards the enlargement of tile parsonage front quarter day, £30; borrowed from Mr. Locl eaed, £200; ibalance ldue to Treasurer, £160 30 3d. Total, £827 15s Gd. Special donations included in the above, and not onuounced at the last meeting: -Nilper. and Son, £5' so; Joln Dytees, Esq., £2 B-Sstr. T.' Proecr, £1; .'tr; N. Steet, £; 3fr. J. Porter, £. - L. Both report and financial statement were received as satisfactory. - The Rev., J. A. FoGGow expressed his pleasure at being-able to take part in their metebiting, and also to see the chairman in his position that evening. While their annual report was baing ret I, he recollected meeting in Sydney, some time ago, a young man who lihd told him .he wats on the way :1o heaven, 'and had receivod his first im pression in religion in the Sunday-school of the Neweastle Primitive Methodist Church. (Applause), This wasone of the'evidences of God's blessing, and showed that His presence was alvays amongst them.:He'e hoped they would be stimiiulated in tlitiir desire to do good, by this and other like instances, and go on prospering in 'their good work. Referring to thenon.success of some churcbes in a spiritual sense, hi attri buted it to the want of faith. If they ex pected success ia their.work they should have faith, and when asking for a blessing should always .expect it, and God in his tender mery would most assuredly give it thlem. They shloiild then-always expect success.'. ..When a man attoended diligently to his business, he. expected success in his undertakings, and it sbhould be the same with the lchurch. If theywent on preach: ing liha truth in. their churches t.hey would have success, although sometimes it would be months before they:could wit ness the desired ressult: If they hst any douhbts existing in their midds, let-them throwv themselres into the work, :nd.they would wittiess their triumphs: He referred to the pleasing signs of success which had boen shewn' in the Newcastle and .bthei ctat;ions,: and coceluded by making an earnest appel to thoae present'o pray to: God for their niinister?s ; and to the young men of the'chbtireh, to kep up their con nect;ion with the Stbbath. school-if' they wanted to beo0me bright men of the.fiture.. He hli'opedthotthey wiould be greatly blessed witri?dineawved prdsp'erity durinthecminng eia?r. ;(?pllarise.:) : :TheRevs. C; S. Y.P~xrce and W. llrr also spoke at length on the subject of thisn and other ckurch workl; but oteing to the, pressure upon our space we harve not room for their remarks., Votes of thanks t. 'the ladies; organist, Rev ,J A:. Foggoni Chairm?n, and the re piesentatise of'the lferalland 4dvoaoete and tlha pronountingr of the benediction, ter uminated a very. pleasant and stacessful meeting. The Iat. E. C. PtrTcattn, in moving a voteof tnnaks to the representative of this journsl,' expressed his gratiu.le, on behalf of the P.M. conn'tion, to thereditor and conductor.of the .iVwcaustl LTerald, for favors atcoirdel ihem by the publishing of details sheowing the result of their labours in: this district. . Miss Esther Hall agxin added one more to her long list of pleasant successes as accompanyist on this o ,a sion. 