A C00DJELL0W. They were a little party of four young people, two of either sex, stopping at the hotel viotoria, Interlaken. With that freemasonry of nationality by which Americans so readily recognise each other abroad, cnum ana i naa decided that the quartet opposite us at thefa&te; d?k6tc was composed of our countrymen before we had finished our fish, and by the time the cntrarut were reached my companion was prepared to make this remarkable state ment, in a guarded aside : 4 The sickly one and the little black-eyed one are brother and sister, and Sorrel-Top is badly struck on the girl, who doesn't care a fig for him. I am going to get acquainted, and give him a game.' After finishing a post-prandial cigar at the Kuraaai, while the band discoursed Strauss and the loungers discussed whey, I started back to the hotel, and, strolling along the famous walnut avenue, happened to glance southward up Hie Lauterbrtumen Valley. Heavens ! what a vision ! There, framed in by the dark, "pine-clad mountain® on either hand, with a backimrand of blue-black sky — as if the portals of fairyland had been for once thrown wide- lay a vast diamond-shaped plane of broken alabaster, frosted silver, pearl — what you will that is pure, white, and radiant— irregularly serrated, seamed, and gashed, and with :: mo tilings, such as one sees on the surface of the moon. It was a glimpse of unearthly splendour sleeping in a flood of light, which seemed most akin to that 4 which never was on sea or land,' and suggested the garden-scene in 4 Faust,' where the exultant lovers embrace in the moonlight, while all abont them is shadowed and obscure. 4 Ees she not lofty, (Re Jnngfrau T asked the hotel porta: sympathetically. In the billiard-room I found my companion and the 4 sickly one,' appsarentiy on the best of terms, over a game of French carom. With a complaisance provokingly like patronage, chum introduced me to bis new acquaintance — Mr. Winston, of Chicago.' So the 'cams' had commenced already, had it? Confound the fellow's impudence I had he do sense of mutilated propriety in thus inflicting himself upon a debilitated stranger? Bat I under stood it J1 ten minutes later, for in that time the debilitated stranger succeeded in creating the impression that I had known him for years. X wash it were possible to give you an idea of that young man, or, to be more exact, my idea of mm. I may as well confers at the outset that it was a case of love at first sight. He seemed to realise Emerson's ideal gentle man — 4 good company for pirates, and good with academicians.' I can see him yet, as be stood there leaning on his cue, slight in figure, but quite erect, his black hair curling above a true musician's forehead, smiling, sympathetic, listening eyes, glowing, alas ! with consump tion's fatal fire, and consumption's tell-tale spot flushing the significant clearness of his complexion. 4 Yes,' he said, 4 we are going baric to God's country — going back to stay. The Old World is all very well for a holiday, bnt no plaoe- for an American with a heart in him to settle down. Kellner, die Kreide — Ah, pardon ; la craie, gargon, s'll vena plait. Here I have been two years at Milan, and spent no end of znooey having my voice trained, and, now that the bellows have given out, what does it all amount to? There is my cousin Harry at home — do you happen to know him ? — Harry Winston — he started just where I did, and Im baa a wife and two promising responsibilities, and is junior partner in one of the wholesale drug- house in Chicago. Your play, Mr. Perkins. But I don't complain. My lite has been what was in me to make it, 44 and would be again," as Donna Julia aaya. I remember a motto, cut, I think, on a facade of the Go vent Garden market- house, which ©overs the whole ground in three words, and leaves no room for squirm ing ; Che sara sack — what will bo will be. My Mj? phistophele has led me a dance— herding cattle on the Texas plains — and, by the way, it's no joke when they break away from you on a dark night — driving four-in-hand in the Bris de Boulogne, fih'mhmg ice peaks here in Switzerland, losing my louis at Monaco— I never did have anyluck at cards — or splitting my throat in grand opera at La Seal with the worst ol them, while the king eat in his box opposite, terribly bored, no doubt. Singe). I am a rover of the sea, A wanderer in every clime ; Adventure has a charm for ma, And danger vt a mare pari isif Yea, Fve bad a reasonably good time, but never too good to ease not to go on. Dent you suppose iWist wan drawing the long-hew a little when he requested the swift-fleeting atom to stay awhile? Seemed rather shabby to cheat the devil out of his due at midnight on the last day of grace. Out, by a scratch ! shall have your revenge to-morrow, Mr- Perkins, andC if you will excuse me, 1 think 111 turn in now.' It is but charitable to suppose that in Hun promising hi- adversary a chance to retrieve himself oa the morrow oar new-found friend had forgotten this was Saturday night; but candour compels the csonfesrion that no one would have hid reason to suspect from ni® manner, when we met on Hie betel piazza next Ppaio$ »vaa » latent veneration for any runtanical observance of thb day. Nor was this impression at all dissipated by his words. 'I've been looking for you,' he said. We all going to take a carriage to Grindelwald and walk over the Wengern Alp to Lauter- brannen, and should like you ana your friend to join us. There could not be a finer day for the Jungfrau.' I murmured something about' the highly - recommended' English, service at the old convent church. Oh i then, I see, Baedeker hath been with you. But here is Mr. Perkins. He shall plead our cause.' Chum accepted the invitation for both of us without ceremony, and hurried me off to breakfast with conscientious qualms thus vicariously allayed. Twenty minutes later most of the inmates of . Che hotel, and a fair contingent from the village, had assembled on the spacious piazza to see us off. And no wonder. Came sweeping around -the crescent, and up to the grand en trance, some impossible vehicle, which was more than a landau and not quite a diligence —perhaps the very same which had to be borrowed from Berne tor " the Empress of Austria when she visited Interlaken in. 1811. i To reinforce the mildly-decorative effect of its ancient gilding and faded finery, the bridle of eaeh horse and the brigandish-looking hat of the driver had been adorned with parti -coloured ressttes and flaunting streamers. The leaders were belled of oourse — who ever saw a f our- borse team in Switzerland without bells ? 4 1 bad intended to have the Eursaal band bore to assist,' said Winston, ' but luckily you reminded me in time that this is Sunday ; we must draw the line somewhere. En avant, coeher !' Smiling and bowing, the image of com plaisant, almost paternal, benignity, a back ward glance as we whirled away caught the proprietaire in the act of expressing to his compatriots his subterranean opinion of such proceedings by that funny raising of the shoulders and eyebrows and upward and on ward flirt of the hands so characteristically Gallie : " L'Americain magnifique, v'la ! ' But I suspect our entertainer knew what he was about, after alL Perhaps, with Grand- I father Gillenormand in ' lies Miserable,' he hsld that to the completest enjoyment of a j pleasure is necessary that which is not neces- I sary — the superfluous, the extravagant, the too j much. j What a day it was. Miss Winston and Miss I Blackburn, a tall, pretty blonde, and sister to j ' Sorrel-top,' occupied the covered seat at the 1 back. Faeing them were chum and Blackburn. Winston had taken his place beside the driver, 1 and on clearing the eutskirks of the village 1 himself took the reins, and gave that funo- 1 tdonary valuable points on the management of a four-in-hand team, the principal of which | seemed to be to keep every horse doing its utmost all the time. Out past the romantic 1 ruins of the castle of Unspunnen we whirl— j too prosaic in this broad sunlight to give us a I glimpse of the mystical Manfred in his lonely tower ; again and again by rustic bridges we eress the foaming Lntsohine ; steeper and steeper becomes the grade, and wilder and more precipitous the fir-covered mountains that shut us in. We were now ascending the valley of the Blade Lutsehine, with the precipices of the j Wetterhorn and the wild peak of the Sehreck- 1 horn looming in the background. Reaohing a point where the increasing steepness of the way forced the horses to proceed in a walk wire frequent pauses for breath, Winston re signed the reins to his professional, and found a fresh source of amusement in distributing the small coin of the country to the flock of peasant children that continuously attended us. Their ingenuity in the invention of small services to provoke this bounty was quite at arianee with the reputation for simplicity which the inhabitants of this valley have borne. Some brought us bunches of delicately- tinted wild-flowere, winch, unfortunately, like the mountains upon which they grew, would net bear translation, bnt withered and paled almost as soon aa plucked. Others filled our laps with the tasteless mountain-strawberry, or offered us a selection from baskets of I quartz-crystals. Eaeh horse was attended by j a self-appointed groom, who whisked off the J flies, ana each wheel by a youth, who | assumed the special duty of staying its back- I ward roll in the intervals of rest by a block I prepared for that particular purpose.' Here I one would invade the Sabbath stillness by | noisy bellowings upon tho Alpine horn, and 1 farther on another awoke a remarkable j multiple echo by firing a small mountain- I howitzer. During one of the pauses for breathing the horses, Winston called our attention to four small girls drawn up in line with military precision at the roadside some little distance ahead. As soon aa we came within ear-shot they began a doleful ditty, produced with the_ mechanical, absolutely expressionless execution of a hand organ, and, hand-organ-like, cut short in the middle of a bar, to scramble for Winston's showers of centimes. Grindelwald was reached in time for an early lunch. The plan had been to send the carriage around to Lautenbrunuen by the lower road, while the whole party walked over that famous foothpath across the Wengern Alp ; but Winston already showed signs of fatigue ; his pallor was extreme and unrelieved by the hectic flush I had noticed on his cheeks the previous evening, while his eyes had a dull leaden look, in startling contrast to their former brilliancy. He, therefore, yielded a passive jobedience to his petite sister's imperious de mand that he should make the journey on horseback, only remarking, 'Set it down in I your mental arithmetic that a woman's will is I inversely as the square of the distance from I her head to her heels. Bring forth the horse.' I Shades of Pegasus, Rosinante, and Buce phalus, what an animal ! In colour, a flea- J bitten and dipgy white ; in age, an indisput able antique ; in condition, emaciate ; in mien, dejected ; and in size, colossal. Open the door in his side, and Ilium is ours, commented Winston. ' Shall I climb the mountain and have him led alongside to mount?' ... A step-ladder sufficed instead, and we set out — the ladies, with Perkins and Blackburn, in advance, then the guide, followed Winston's horse, beside which I walked when Hie narrowness of the path did not prevent. The path aljnest immediately began to climb the mountainside, zigzagging back and forth, and in places was so steep that steps had been improvised frem short transverse pdles imbedded in the reeky soil at proper intervals, finding his horse on intimate S With every foot of the way, over which its nose continually passed in close preliminary inspection, Winfeton gave his en tire attention to the panorama which was now rapidly unrolling at our feet. Up stony slopes through sparse pastures with scattered clumps of withered pines, we climbed, until the chalets that dot the valley became mere specks, and the little patches of yellow grain growing on the mountain side looked scarcely larger, though wonderfully distinct, through the thinning atmosphere, The tinkle of oow Wteriowly up from some unseen jZl .e toighty ice-pinnacleR of the Minch and the Eiger Seemed reaching down to bid us welcome. . Winston's gaiety had given place to a thoughtful silence, in apology for which he ,ve been here before, but. the scene didotso impress me as to-day.' We had beeii thus ascending, with occasional pauses for rest and retrospect, for some two or three hours, when suddenly, reaching the w a cons'derable elevation, which for a time shut off the view ahead, we found the ad vance- f .our party standing quietly in the path and looking up and away across the rolling alp to where, towering terrace upon terrace, rose sheer, abrupt, from a mighty chasm at its foot, a vast expanse of glittering ice and show, ter minating' in two sharp peaks which, from our position, seemed of about equal height. We were face to face with, the Jungfrau and her attendant Silberhorn, and — so delusive is the thin, clear mountain air — it seemed scarcely a stone's throw to their base. "Winston was strangely excited. Rising im pulsively in the Btirrups, and waving his band towards the beautiful vision, he sang in a clear, ringing tenor — ' In Elvezia non v'fea rosa Fresoa e cara al par — die Jungfrau.' A cry of alarm from Miss Winston caused me to torn quickly, just in time to catch her brother in my arms as he sank upon his horse's nock« The guide sprang to my assistance, and together wb lifted him. gently from the saddle. Alas ! that ruddy, froth-mixed flow from mouth and -nostrils told the whole story but toooplainly. Oh, brother! 'brother! brother!' wailed Miss Winston, taking his hand in her lap, and with herji and kerchief unavailingly seeking to stay the gushing life-current. The guide pro duced a flask of brandy, and, after we had suc ceeded in getting him to swallow a small quan tity, Winston revived somewhat. "Tis not so deep — as a well — nor so wide — as a church door — but 'tis enough, I'm afraid,' he whispered brokenly, with a pathetic attempt j to smile. Then, after a moment's pause, to his sister — Sally, I want you to tell — Pearl that — that I tried very hard — oh, so very hard ! — to be worthy of her— but I'm a sad dog — and don't — let — mother — " The sentence was never finished. The fatal hwmorrhage burst forth anew, and in half a minute all was over. In that soul-searching heur another secret came to light, of which, as I afterwards learned, none of the party had the slightest knowledge, except the one directly affected. Miss Blackburn had stood apart, as if bewildered, but, at Miss Winston's heart broken cry, He is dead! My brother is dead !' she uttered a piercing shriek, and, throwing herself down beside the body, strove to take it from the sister's arms. ' He is not dead ! he must not die !' she moaned. ' You don't love him, or you would not say he is dead. Give him to me! Pearl Raymond never cared for him — nobody cared for hint — as I did. !' I have no heart to go on. How might ene fitly describe a scene so harrowing and unlooked for — a termination so tragic to that which had promised to be a day of unclouded pleasure. It is ever the unexpected which comes to us. The escorting wings of destiny make no murmur audible to mortal ears. We are translated at once from the prosaic plane of every -day life to eostacy's sublime altitudes, or hurled into agony's fathomless abysses. One moment Hamlet remarks upon the chilli ness of the midnight air, and the next he sees his father's ghost. I At a hurried consultation between Bl&ek-; I burn, Perkins, and myself, it was decided best I to try to return at once to Interlaken, as we I had previously planned, by way of Laufcer- 1 brunnen. The guide, who had gone forward I to the ehalet- restaurant of the Petit Scheideck I for assistance, soon returned with a little I group of sympathetic peasants. The body of I our friend placed upon an improvised stretcher, j borne _ by four strong-armed young I mountaineers, our journey across the alp I was resumed. But, ah, the difference ! 'Surely,' writes Leslie Stephen, 'the Wengern Alp must be precisely the loveliest place in this world.-' But that far-reaching scene of beauty and splendour, which in its sparkle and dance would have been before but a reflex of the gay spirits of our littte company, was now a mockery and a denial of its sorrow. How could the sunshine blaze so dazzlingly on tbe pearly _ cliffs up there, and touch into tender radiance all the velvety slopes that rolled in stupendous magnificence around us, and away until their details grew dim in the purpling afternoon atmosphere ? How could the alp-flowers bloom so profusely beside the pathway and the cattle browse on with an air of such utter contentment, when he who had been so much in sympathy with it all that he bad seemed its necessary complement was lying there for evermore deaf to its myriad- voiced music, blind to its multiplex loveliness ? Not for mortal passing is the sun darkened and the veil of the temple rent in twain. | I have never seen a sadder or more singular I funeral train. Both ladies had declined the use of the horse, and that peculiar animal was now led in front, looking, if possible, larger and more dejected than before. Then silently, tenderly, came the peasant pall-bearers with their precious burden, over which a cleak had been thrown. Miss Winston, refusing all assistance, walked erect and alone behind her brother's body. Miss Blackburn, though evidently scarcely conscious, followed, sup- I ported by her brother. Perkins and I came I last. I have said that nature seemed insensible to our grief. There was an exception to this, almost startling in its suggestiveness. Just after passing the inn on the Wengern Alp I became conscious of a low, deep, booming sound, repeated at intervals, the muffled roar and regularity of which strangely simulated the firing of distant minute-guns. It Was unlike thunder, or any other natural sound I have known, save, possibly, a peculiar and mysterious reverberation sometimes heard on Lakes Cayuga and Seneca, in Central New York, during the lazy hush of a sultry summer afternoon, and for which no better explanation has been offered than that it proceeds from subterranean passages connecting the two bodies of water. FinaKy, during a momentary halt, I asked tbe guide the cause of the sound which had attracted my attention, 'Die Lawine ' (the avalanche) he replied in a low voice, nodding toward the Jungfrau. Soon after, while watching the mountain intently I saw, far up towards its summit, a gust of white powder jut from one of its perpendicular precipices, as if a cataract had suddenly broken forth, and, pouring swiftly down what was apparently a well-worn groove, it turned one after another of the icy battlements in its | course into a temporary cascade, and finally ! disappeared in . Trumletenthal, up from the gloomy depths of which, long seconds later, came that mint ominous reverberation before heard. Yet an avalanche more sudden and terrible than any storm of crashing ice-blocks I which ever swept down those inaccessible | heights had that day fallen. On the opposite side of the Lauterbrunnen Valley, into which we were now rapidly i descending by ever-steepening zigzags, ti e Staubbach rushed impetuously to the verge of -its precipice, leaped joyously into the flood of golden sunlight which yet lingered about its summits, and at once vanished in the twilight shadows creeping up its mighty side. Was it not, I thought, a type of tnat radiant human life-stream we had seen so instantly blotted out, falling into the darker valley of the shadow of death ? Strangely, solemnly, -came the remembrance of Winston's words of the night before — ' Yes, I have got a good time,, but never too good to care not to go on.' How clear it all seemed now ! That was the title- phrase of his existence — to go on. He had gone back to God's country— gone back to stay. Alas for the heavy, stumbling feet that would fain have kept step and step with his and could not ! A simple mountain waggon was the only sub- j Btitute for a hearse which the village of Lauter- j brunnen afforded: Driving behind it slowly down the gloomy' valley towards Interlaken, j the Jungfrau, gleaming ghost-like through tbe j fir trees in her cold moonlight mantle, seemed to rise and rise behind us, as if threatening to j pursue and rob us of even the poor ashes ot that I divine flame which had been offered on her 1 altar. I We buried the body of our friend from the English chapel at the old convent ohurch in the peaoef nl little cemetery by the lake among tbe mountains he had loved so well. The Maiden, the Monk, and the Giant are guarding his grave to-day. While Miss Blackburn was unable to be present at the funeral services, being confined to her room utterly prostrated, Miss Winston was cairn and self -controlled. She had ; acquiesced in all the arrangements with ! scarcely a word, and when, after a consultation with my travelling companion, we had offered to abridge by a few days the remainder of our tour ana return at once to America with her party, she simply said : ' You are kind. He iked you both. As soon as Miss Blackburn can be moved, we will go.' It was not so much that she seemed crushed or dazed by the blow as bitterly indifferent to all minor claims | upon- her attention. It was the innate strength j of a fine nature rising by sheer force of will 1 superior to its natural temptations to impul- 1 siveness and passionate protest. The reaction | came only when, safe in her father's house and J her mother's arms, she gave herself up to a I fever that for weeks threatened the stricken j parents with a double bereavement. l O, friend of my soul !' I mused, regarding 1 for a last moment tlm thin, waxen features J overspread with a mysterious blending of the j old smile and & new expression of ineffable | sweetness and peaoe ; 'so lately found, sol early lost ! I know not where you are, but this I I do know, that somewhere there is life, I laughter, and song ; somewhere' you are wait- 1 ing to greet me with the same merry twinkle of the eye and that impulsively-outstretched hand ; somewhere I shall find my friend again. For, indeed, I cannot do without you always !' Two years later. Chicago, 8, 25. 'You Dear Old Stupid, — So "we must be resigned to give each other up, "must we ? Do you imagine I did not know exactly how papa would answer your letter ? He said to mamma : ; " The young man may be well enough, and he certainly behaved with some consideration in Switzerland, but he shall not rob me of the only child I have left. I cannot surrender Sally to anybody." Mamma only smiled a little and said : " Tell him to wait awhile, and then come out and see us." Now, sir, you have your orders. ' Do you know I am sometimes just the least bit jealous of the way you speak of brother ? If he had lived, I don't believe you would ever have cared whether or not he had a sister. In that case I should have been equally indifferent as to whether or not he had a friend. How ever, as it is, I suppose I must subscribe myself very sincerely yours, (Civivr W T\ve iwsv J -IAppinoeWs Msnthbg. 