English and Foreign. Arabi's Side of the Story. [From the paper "An Unsuccessful Patriot" in the Melbourne Review, we quote the following passages.] SPEAKING to an "own correspondent" of that great modern institution (the Press) that moulds the public mind on every prominent event that happens under the sun, Arabi thus unbosomed himself:— None of you can understand Egypt, or Egyptian politics. We in many ways resemble Mexico. The French Emperor endeavoured to saddle the ancient empire of the Aztecs with a weak-minded Prince whom they did not want. They executed Maximilian, and the sympathy of Europe was with the Mexicans, who sternly declined his sway. Well, we are saddled with a houae and with a man whom we despise and do not want. We lift up our voice and declare we will have none of the brood, and straightway you—the most power ful nation under heaven —come upon us and force the obnoxious system down our throats. You call yourselves the champions of liberty, and would send us back into the most abject serfdom. You are great and powerful; but I cannot respect you. This Tcwfik, in whose cause you have made so grand a display, is utterly contemptible—well-meaning, possibly, like Louis XVI., but a prey to the worst ad visers. He is not so bad as his father, I admit, nor so silly and useless as his brother; but the wickedness of his counsellors makes up for such deficiencies. You re store Tcwfik in spite of the unanimous desire of a country to the contrary. On your head be our misery then. Ido not like you, but lam obliged to respect your power; knowing what I now know, I see how vain were my nopes, and can only be proud to think that miserable Egypt could stand against your strength for nearly sixty days. ... I have not, nor ever had, any personal hate against the Khedive. I wipe him away—[this with an inimitable wave of a shapely hand]. The Khedive is nothing in himself, but always the servant of another. If you like to give him a tutor who will whisper to him, all may go well; but if not, the Turkish and Circassian regime will be re- established, and the basti nado be rampant as of yore, and it will be your doing. I hate not the Khedive, and he hates not me. After Tel-el-Kebir all roads were open to me. I might have gone where I listed, but I knew better, knowing the Khedive's friends. I should have died by a pair of scissors, like Sultan Abdul Aziz ! No ! I preferred to give myself to you, to do with as you liked. What would I wish to do? I would wish to be banished from Egypt for ever. My heart is sick of Egypt. I would live quietly in Europe with my family, and trouble no one any more, for ray dream is passed, and I was deceived. Quietly? Ha, ha! How could I live otherwise ? Liars say that I filled my purse when in office. I am a very poor man—have only one little house near Zagazig, where I was born; my palace at Cairo v not mine—was only lent to me as a Minister. I am very poor indeed, and if you set me free I shall have to work for my living and my family. These were not the statements likely to be made by a captured mutineer about to be tried for his life ; but, malgrt the Eastern tendency to a whining deprecation, they are the sad utterances of a man who felt his life's cause hopeless, and sighed for the people he represented rather than for him self. In his desperate and despairing stand against the vast powers of Western domina tion, he was backed up more by the moral sup port of the intellectual centre of the Moham medan world—the great University ot Cairo, the Assembly of Notables, and the Press (a comparatively new element in the country, that was labouring manfully to stir up the dejected and oppressed taxpayers towards aspirations for national life and freedom), rather than by the ragged, depleted, and ill-trained army that was the necessary but inefficient tool given him to work out his redemption. That he failed was to be expected ; that his farcical trial was cut short to avoid the implication of his quasi sovereign, whom it suited the English Go vernment to maintain as their pliant tool, was in keeping with, the tissue of deception and suppression that had entangled our Government into the inglorious and meddle some position from which they have not yet escaped. It were long to tell and tedious to sub stantiate the whole story of Egypt's wrongs at the hands of her creditors, ana this is not the place where the prolix narratives of blue-books and Parliamentary papers can be given in exlenso ; but to those who wish to have the literal proofs of injustice and oppression, they have been marshalled with crushing effect in a recently-published pamphlet by Mr. J. Seymour Keay, entitled, " Spoiling the Egyptians : a Tale of Shame Told from the Blue- Books," wherein every statement is supported by reference to the documents furnished by the Foreign Office and the Parliamentary papers. It is a book which no Englishman will like to read, but which, having once taken up, he cannot afford to ignore, for its allegations are un answerable. In a masterly address delivered last June by Mr. Frederic Harrison, before the Anti- Aggression League, he stated the case with such force and conciseness that no apology is necessary for quoting him at some length. He says:— For a long time past the European nations have been running a race together as to which should be foremost in pressing upon Egypt its civilisation and protection. Their civilisation took the form, at first, of enormous loans of money at high interest. These bounties of "civilisation" amount altogether to some £115,000,000. Then the civifisers, when they found the country utterly sinking under this gigantic burden of debt, and racked by the most odious miagovernment, were good enough to invite themselves to fulfil various offices at large salaries to keep things a little straight. By a Parliamentary paper just published we learn the names, ana offices, and salaries of this vast army of European officials paid out of the taxes of the people of Egypt. Their total number is 1325; their total salaries amount to £373,704—ab0ut one- twelfth of the entire avail able expenditure of the country. The number of European civilisere is some 60,000 or, some say, 100,000. In consideration of their benefi cent mission, these European missionaries of good works at 10 per cent have been exempt From local taxation. A native pays a tax of 12 per cent annual value on his house; the European lives tax free. The native fly-driver pays a heavy tax on his vehicle; the European banker drives his pair tax free. Next, the civilisers having obliged the country with some £115,000.000 at from 7 to 10 per cent, obtained "concessions" for about £35,000.000 more. Having kindly exempted themselves from taxation, they were good enough to set up local courts in which they had the right to bring their civil and criminal affairs to a Judge of their own nation. An army of European Judges, and secretaries, and assessors, and barristers were called in at very liberal salaries, who undertook to do the law for the Egyptian people. The civilisers could not, of course, flood the country with their cold, make themselves free of local taxation, free of local jurisdiction, without coming into political conflict with the Egyptian Govern ment and people, as well as with one another. One Khedive was dethroned by the pressure riut by two European Powers on the Sultan of Turkey; another was put in his place, who well understood that he would be protected only so long as he did what he was told. And to maintain this system, the notable device of the Control was set up. England and France have the right to send out each a controller or official who shall supervise the entire expendi ture of the country, provide for due payment of the foreign debt, and regulate ana control the budget. The controllers are the two foreign chancellors of the exchequer, as it were, to the Egyptians. The whole financial Sstem of the country is under their supervision, ach controller receives a salary of nearly £4000 a-year, and the entire cost of this one institution is £14,000 a-year. There are two othet controls, so that the Egyptian people pay about £30,000 a-year for the luxury of not being allowed to raise or expend their own taxes as they please, for fear that their foreign creditors may not get the whole of their four and a-half millions of interest. The popula tion of Egypt is rather more than 5,000,000; and the revenue of this very poor people is £9,000,000 or £10,000,000, or nearly £2 per head. The taxation of the people of India, which we are often told is as high as it can possibly be raised, is about 4s. per head; that of the Egyptian fellah about ten times as much. . . . The fellah, or peasant of the Nile, is one of the poorest, the most patient, ill-used, most hopeless of all the cultivators of tho soil to be found on this wide earth. For centuries he has been the prey of oppressors and tax gatherers. But the worst exactions of his native Mohammedan tax-gatherers never im posed on him so hopeless a burden as the cool, scientific, bookkeeping sort of spoliation of his European civilisers. . . Naturally this " spoiling*' of the Egyptians, which they now cm! "exploitation, this control and dry nursing, roused native hostility. Strange to say, the Egyptians grew sulky at so much civilisation. The 1300 civilisers, paid £373,000 per annum out of their taxes, seemed a little overdone : the 60,000 Europeans living tax free; the local courts of alien law and foreign Judges; the four and a-half millions, half the total revenue, carried off to foreign bondholders. The Mohammedan population conceived what is called a " fanatical objec tion to foreigners : they even blasphemed the value of civilisation; they murmured it was rather too dear, and they talked about a Par liament. For some time the head of this movement was in the native army, headed by a native gentleman, Arabi Pasha. A Parliament was called, and soon began a struggle between the Parlia ment, the army, the university, and the native leaders on the one side; and the Khe dive, some of his official world, and the European ring of civilisers on the other. It suitea the ring to call a national movement, provoked by their meddling, a mutiny. Un happily our public representatives took sides against the leaders; they misled our Foreign Office; they openly avowed hostility to the native party. The English representa tives refused to recognise its chief, and plotted his downfall. . . . But the cause of Arabi succeeded in spite of the hostility, the intrigues, and the threats of the European Consuls and the European Controllers. The Khedive did not take the advice of the English Controller, and did not arrest Arabi; but Arabi's affection for the Control was, of course, not increased by the advice. He became, however, the leading Minister of the Khedive, and proceeded to carry out a number of changes in the Egyptian army and the Egyptian finances. All the world knows what followed. The intrigues of the Control to crash the national movement, and the garbled accounts with which they misled the British Government into the fatal mistake of sending the fleet to Alexandria, and demanding under its guns the dismissal and exile of Arabi, and the suppression of his party and its aspirations. Earl Granville had been solemnly warned of the almost certain results of this high handed display of force, but he relied upon the assurance of our Consul- General—" That the political advantage of the arrival of the combined squadrons at Alexandria was so great as to override the danger which it might possibly cause to Europeans in Cairo" —and disregarded alike the protests of the Sultan, who offered to substitute another ruler for the unpopular Khedive —and the earnest representations of the Consuls- General or Germany and Austria, who implored him not to risk the lives of 30,000 Europeans by refusing to recognise the Ministry approved by the military aud national party. The restoration of the con trol to the irresponsible government of the country through their pliant and unscrupu lous tool, the Khedive Tewfik, was the ulti matum, and stung the Egyptian populace to that pitch of fury and fanaticism which endea in riot, massacre, and ruin. The two direct issues on which the British Government relied for the vin dication of their aggressive action were the maintenance of free transit through the Canal and the security of the British bondholders. Prominence was given to the former as partaking of an international character ; tne latter, which was the indi rect mainspring of action, was kept as much as possible in the background, though in one of his despatches in March last Earl Granville referred to "the pecuniary in terests on behalf of which her Majesty's Go vernment has been acting." Now, in so far as the safety of the Canal was concerned there never existed the slightest ground for uneasiness. The most searching investigations during and since the war have failed to discover the slightest evidence of any scheme to injure so valuable a property. De Lesseps, who, with all his egotistical eccentricities, was in a better posi tion to form an opinion on this point than anyone, was assured of its absolute safety, and pledged all the vast interests of his com pany and his countrymen that its neutrality should be respected. Practically the canal was outside of the seat of war, for it is dis tant nearly a hundred miles from the popu lated part of Egypt, and is destitute of fortifications, or any inducement to make it a battle-ground. It is true that when the war had once commenced, the desperation of an invaded people might have led them to block the passage, as the Dutch cut through their dykes to overwhelm the conquering Spaniards of old ; but such an act would have been a consequence of the fanaticism and fury engendered by the invasion, and not a danger which we went to war to prevent. We created a danger which did not exist until we trained our guns upon the palaces, the mosques, and the public buildings of Alex andria. If there had been really any danger to the canal is it likely that France would have stood aloof from action ; the country that takes the credit of haying built it, that still owns a preponderating share in its capital, and that uses it so largely for her commerce? The afterthought that would vindicate our mistaken policy by the pretence that the commercial interests of Western Europe were in danger of being blocked will not stand investigation. The real motive power—" the pecuniary interests on behalf of which Her Majesty s Government have been acting"—must be accepted with a humiliating sense of its being a policy the Cabinet were not only ashamed to avow, but by inference repeatedly denied. It only remains to be shown that even if we had ostensibly gone to war to ensure our countrymen their full interest on the Egyptian bonds —which so far they have not yet failed to get—and had defended that step as a properly patriotic and paternal one, we should have taken an entirely un necessary course, and adopted the worst means to effect our end. The real issue which led to the ironclad demonstration off Alexandria was the in sistence by the Chamber of Delegates of their right to deal with the unassigned portion of their budget. No claim what ever was put forwanl by the Chamber to vote or even to discuss that portion of the budget by which one-half of the revenue of the country was inalienably set aside to provide the interest on the foreign debt. No pretence was made that the taxes so specially assigned were likely to be made Suate for the purpose. On the contrary, le Controller-General had in March, 1881, specially reported—" There need be no fear that the revenues assigned to the Caisße de la Dette will prove insufficient, either for the payment of the annual interest thereon, or for the redemp- tion of the debt." Why, then, should there be any opposition by our Consul- General and the Controllers to the most reasonable de mand of a representative chamber to vote its own expenditure, when due provision had been made for international claims ; especially as Sir Kivers Wilson had em phatically declared in August, 1880, in a report to the Foreign Office, that by the decrees, "The Egyptian Government had the free disposal of the unassigned budget." Nothing could exceed the moderation and courtesy with which the national Ministry advanced their absolute right to the exercise of the privilege which the leading English financial representative has so plainly de clared they possessed. The Premier, in February last, submitted an unanswerable minute, in which he says:— It is beyond doubt that the sole cause and object of the institutions created in Egypt, in consequence of the international arrangements, were to guarantee the regular fulfilment of the obligations of the country towards the creditors. TheTForeign Governments never ceased protes ting that it was their intention not to mix themselves up in the internal administration of Egypt The Organic Law withholds in an absolute manner from the vote of the Chamber all the credits necessary for the service of the public debt Consequently, the interests of creditors ought once more to be reassured. The Government of his Highness hopes that this promulgation will tend to remove mis giving, by the absolute reservation of all questions relative to the public debt. But can the Government be fairly blamed for admitting the taxpayers to examine the use of the public funds devoted to administrative expenses? Is it not a right common to all countries, a primordial right, which cannot seriously be denied to the Government of his Highness, without denying at the same time the pre rogative of internal administration for Egypt? With such a dignified protest before him, and with the knowledge that such sentiments were permeating the country through the new-born National Press,it is no wonder that Earl Granville hesitated to carry interference further at the cannon's mouth, and admitted in Parliament that there did not appear to be grounds for intervention since the intention was avowed to maintain international en gagements. But the Controllers and the Consul-General would not let him rest. While urging that the intervention of the Chamber would be all the more serious, seeing that it was certainly disposed to eliminate all the European element from the administration of the country, they were compelled to admit that the new order of things would not necessarily be in itself disastrous; but, if the Chamber acquired the right, the Controllers would lose their hold on the finances. Badgered by the Control and the Consul, and doubtless beset by the representatives and friends of the numerous high-salaried officials whose status might be imperilled by an annual re vision of the estimates, Earl Granville sent an urgent telegram to the Consul-General, asking— What will be the precise effect if the Notables obtain the power over the finances claimed by them? The answer embodies the reasons for which we went to war with the Egyptian people— Official salaries not regulated by contract would be under the control of the Chamber: so that it would be able to abolish the Land Survey, which is the result of no international engagement, and to dismiss many Europeans in the Administration. Earl Granville's reply to this telegram has never found publicity, Dut that it convinced him of the necessity for interference is patent from the fact that the Consul- General subsequently telegraphed to him— Armed intervention will become a necessity if we adhere to the refusal to allow the Budget to be voted by the Chamber. And the armed intervention was duly forthcoming. We learn from the Parlia mentary papers that one of the objects to be secured by the imposing display of iron clads " was to demand the resignation of the National Ministry." It is needless to pursue the subject further; the ultimatum was rejected. Arabi, as the military leader of the National party, was driven into open revolt; the mob, roused to fury by the crushing of their hopes, broke loose in pandemonium. Anarchy got the upper hand ; much inno cent blood was shed, and after a few months of misery, national ruin, and financial disaster, Egypt is sullenly schooling herself to bear her old disabilities, her old bitter exactions, her old slavery, aud her enhanced debt, until such time au a more competent and a more successful patriot than Arabi Pasha shall arise to lead her into political conditions more in consonance with her temporarily- crushed aspirations. How it would relieve our national honour if the crushing had been the office of the "un» speakable Turk," instead of the misguided work of the country that in her own affairs is so bright an example of social and poli tical liberty. Everyone has heard the curious history of the acquisition of Perim, the island rock in the Red Sea, by England. Now an experiment is likely to be made there of some commercial in terest in connection with the general steam traffic between the colonies, India, and the mother-country. The Foreign Office have, it is believed, given favourable consideration to a private application for a concession to establish a coaling station at Perim. It is thought that steamships will prefer to call there for coal rather than at Aden, for two reasons—because it will save them a passage of at least ten miles, and because they will thus avoid the vexatious quarantine regulation* which a touch at Aden sometimes involves in their further passage homewards or outwards with reference to sus picion of choler*.—Engltih paper. The Times of India of 20th December states: —The Resident in the Persian Gulf confirms the report of the discovery by fishermen of three pearl banks. One of these lies to the west of the Port of Lingah, about three quarters of a mile from the shore. Another is on the cast of Lingah, in the direction of Kong. The third has oecn found nearMowiah, to the west of the ports of Charak and Tawannah. The "Zmui" shell is mostly found on the first-mentioned bank, and the " Mahar" varieties on the two others. Pearls of considerable value have been obtained by divers in the neighbourhood. It is well known that the Persian Government have, for some time, had under consideration a scheme for exploring their waters in the Gulf in search of pearl banks. The following telegram from Rangoon ap pears in the Times of India of 29th December :— " Letters from Mandalay state that King Theebaw and his Queen are in the greatest con sternation at the escape of the Mengoon Prince. Burmese troops have been despatched to the Munipur frontier, which the fugitive is expected to cross. Should he now act with prudence and boldness, he is considered certain to oust Theebaw. The feeling of general alarm in Mandalay has been increased by the suspicious retirement from that city of the Prime Minister, the head of the anti-English party. It is believed in Mandalay, though the belief must be received with caution, that every effort will now be made to conciliate the Indian Government, and that Theebaw would be glad to have the chance of accepting the Simla Treaty in its entirety." The Daily Newt correspondent in Marseilles writes:—" It will, perhaps, be of interest to English readers to know what kind of goods made up the cargo of the Natal—the steam vessel which has had the honour of inaugu> rating the new line of packets between Mar seilles and the British Australian colonies. The Natal took piece goods measuring about 1800 cubic metres. Her entire cargo was altogether about 1,000.000 kilogrammes, or nearly 10.000 tons. Half of this merchandise, however, had been brought here from London by the steamer I Ganges, belonging to the same company, which thus diverted from the English shipping trad* in its own market a considerable freight. This portion included provisions, conserves of various kinds, and tissues and clothing of English stuff and make. The French goods included a considerable quantity of wine in cases, destined for Noumea; afso vermouth, absinthe, and beer in cases, besides those French liquors of all sorts, the superiority of which is recognised in all the markets of the world. Hitherto these products have been exported to the countries served by the new line exclusively in English vessels. Sydney will now receive French cement for building purposes, besides French iron, tissues, porce lain and glassware, and even French plants, which it v intended to acclimatise in Austra lia. All these items are represented in this cargo, which forms, so to speak, a collection of samples on a large scale of French products in general." The Whitehall Review states that "what is practically a new rifle will shortly, in all pro bability, be issued. Experiments with this view have been going on tor some time past. The new weapon emanates from the Royal Small Arms Factory—the birthplace of the original Enfteld rifle—and its construction is mainly due to Mr. Magee, one of the assistants at that establishment, after whom in all likeli hood the new rifle will be named. The breech action and lock of the present Martini-Henry are retained, but all else is changed. Thus the diameter of the new barrel is reduced to *40 of an inch, while, instead of the Henry rifling, what is known as the ' ratcnett system' has been substituted, the grooves being cut deep on one flank ana vanishing away to nothing on the other. The bullet has been slightly elongated, and the charge of powder increased to 85 grains. The weight of the barrel has likewise been increased by some 4oz. However, the net re sult of these new mechanical combinations is to give the bullet a very high degree of initial velocity—about 1900 ft. per second at the muzzle of thegun, whereas in the Snider it is only about 1200 ft., and while, as a matter of course, the accuracy of the rifle is thereby much increased, the height of the trajectory is at the same time so reduced that it is seriously proposed to do away with the adjustable-back-sight as now used alto gether, as the trajectory is so flat that the rifle practically shoots point-blank up to 900 yards. In other words, an enemy would be under the power of the rifle throughout that distance without any judging distance being required on the part of the fircr. In such rifles as have, however, been provided with sights, instead of elevation being obtained by raising the back-sight, the requisite elevation is secured by a drop fore-sight at the side of the barrel close to the muzzle; the object of this being to allow the firer to shoot at long dis tances, such as 2000 yards, up to which the new rifle is sighted, without having to strain the neck and shoulders. In plain language, eleva tion is obtained, not by depressing the breech, but by raising the muzzle." The Pesther Lloyd hears from Constanti nople that a squadron, consisting of two iron clads and three smaller ships, is to be formed in Suda Bay for cruising in tho Red Sea, whore no Turkish flag has Dccn seen for a long time, and where it is thought advisable to show tho sovereignty of the Sultan. Two styles of water bicycles, the Girard and the Standard marine bicycle, have been exhi bited (a London paper states) at an American "fair" by the Portsmouth Marine Bicycle Company. They are novel in appearance, and are evidently serviceable, comfortable, and easily managed. The Standard is a combina tion of a "catamaran " boat, bicycle, sail-boat, and marine propeller. The boat part of it, made of white pine, consists of two " floats," as they arc termed, each 20ft. in length, 7in. wide, and 3ft. apart, connected by four cross bars of oak fastened to the floats by lag screws. The craft contains steering bar, rudder, propeller, and paddles, the latter articles being used in going to or from shore, or wherever the water is too shallow for working tho propeller. The seat, bandies, and paddles are so adjustable that the machine can do run by a twelve-year-old boy; ladies easily work them. An awning i 9 carried, which can be instantly changed into a sail, and as quickly readjusted into an awning. Tho back bone supporting the awning can also be quickly removed and replaced by a lady's tricycle seat. The operation of the marine bicycle is identical with that of the road article, is strong, durable, propelled with great rapidity, and altogether constitutes a desirable pleasure and touring boat. With reference to the recent suicide of a young woman in Paris, M. Boutomps points out, says Nature, that the depth of fall having been about 66 metres, the velocity acquired in the time (less than 4sec) cannot have been so great as that sometimes attained on railways— e^g., 33 metres per second on the line between Chalons and Paris, where the effect should be the same; yet we never hear of asphyxiation of engine-drivers and stokers. He considers it desirable that the idea in question should be exploded, as unhappy persons may be led to choose suicide by tall from a height, under the notion that they will die before reach ing the ground. Again, M. Gossin men tions that a few years ago a man threw himself from the top of the Column of July, and fell on an awning which sheltered workmen at the pedestal; he suffered only a few slight contusions. M. Remy says he has often seen an Englishman leap from a height of 31 metres (say 103 ft.) into a deep river: and he was shown, in 1852, in the Island of Oshu, by missionaries, a native who had fallen from a verified height of more than 300 metres (say 1000 ft) His fall was broken near the end by a growth of ferns and other plants, and he had only a few wounds. Asked as to his sen sations in falling, he said he only felt dazzled. Considerable commotion (the British Medical Journal states) has been raised in the beer-brewing and beer-drinking world by a letter published in a contemporary, written by a firm of drug brokers in Mincing-lane, with reference to the substitution of drugs possess ing bitter flavour and tonic qualities for hops. They state that in consequence of the failure of this season's crop of English hops, calumba root, camomiles, quassia, and cheretta have greatly advanced in price, thereby implying that these substances are likely to be largely employed in producing the flavour dear to the palate of the consumer of "bitter." The great firms of brewers have, in conse quence, unanimously protested that they never use anything but hops to produce the bitter constituent of their beers, and there fore practically deny the inference to be drawn from Messrs. Joseph's statistics. This, doubt less, is the fact; but if the case were otherwise, and the drugs named were used in the brewing of bitter beer, no possible injury, but rather benefit, would result to the beer-drinking public. Few old Indians, or any persons suf fering from the possession of a "liver," but know the good effects of calumba; quassia is also one of the most efficient vegetable bitters known to pharmacists. The same may be said of charetta and camomiles; so that, even if the hop crop were deficient, it is certain that the public health would not suffer, and drinkers of bitter beer would not detect any difference of flavour in their beloved beverage. A Reuter'B telegram from New York to the London Press says:—A despatch received here from Kingston, Jamaica, of to-day's (12th De cember) date, announces that the business quarter of that town was yesterday destroyed by fire. The loss is estimated at £6,000,000. Hundreds of persons have been rendered home less, and, as several banks, wharves, and ware houses, and stores containing supplies have been burned, food is much needed. Kingston is the most important commercial town in the British West Indies. It covers an area of about 1060 acres, and is beautifully situated on the northern shore of the harbour bearing its name. The site of Kingston was not the first chosen by the English for the commercial capital of the island. Port Royal flourished as such until 1692, when a great earthquake destroyed the place and caused the death of 3000 of its inhabitants. The survivors settled on some property belonging to Sir William Beeston, aftowards Lieutenant-Governorof the island, and the town which they built was called Kingston. In 1703 a law was passed by the Assembly, making the town "the chief seat of trade and the head port of entry" of the island, and from this time the prosperity of the town was assured. So rapidly did the town grow that in 1716 it was described by an historian of the time as " likely to be much the fairest town in all tho Indies, for it is most commodiously laid out, happily and beautifully situated, has many spacious nouses in it, and more are daily building: it is the resi dence of the greatest merchants and traders, and has resorting to it most of the ships or vessels that come to the island, and in it is managed the greatest part of the trade of Jamaica." For more than half a century the town continued to grow in size and opulence; but in the year 1780 occurred the first of a series of fires which have from time to time devastated the place. The fire broke out about 2 o'clock in the morning of the 16th of May, and continued until the following evening, by which time the large and closely built part in the centre of the town was destroyed, the loss of property being estimated at £30,000. Quickly recovering from tho effects of this conflagra tion, the town again prospered, and in 1802 it was granted a corporation. With the year 1813 came another great fire, which devastated a large portion of the city. Many of the best buildings and the most valuable effects were consumed, and a large number of persons left in utter destitution. Tho sum of £10,149 was distributed amongst the sufferers, £5000 of which was voted by the Assembly. In 1862 the third great fire occurred ; this time the com mercial division of the city being destroyed, the loss of property amounting to £90,930. In 1872 the Beat of Government was transferred from Spanish Town to Kingston, where the Legislative Council is now convened. Kings ton has a population of. 38,566 persons, an import trade of £903,871, an export trade of £384,819. and an inward and outward tonnage of 626,689 tons. Dklenda est ! The spectacle of the ruins of the Tuileries sold for less than £1300 to a contractor, and carted away as old building materials, is a sight to move gods and men. This most historic of palaces had a wondrous history. The original Tuileries —then a coun try chateau—was bought by Francis I. as a summer residence for his mother, Louise of Savoy. The building, whose ruins arc now about to disappear, was commenced in 1564 by Philibert Delorene at the instigation of Catherine de Medicis. He died before ho had so much as half finished his task, and was suc ceeded by Jean Bullant, but ere long the building was left, unfinished, in deference to some astrological superstition which affected Catherine. It was not until the time of Henry IV. that the building was resumed, and thence, almost to the time of tho sevuiuw. mnylante, the work of addition and alteration went on. It was reserved to the late Emperor to carry out the old idea of connecting the Tuileries with the Louvre. There was some reason in the tradition that the Tuileries was fatal to its occupant. " Oh, Tuileries, Tuileries!" exclaims Alexandre Dumas in "La Coratesse de Charny," "fatal heritage, bequeathed by the Queen of Saint Bartholomew to her descendants and to her successors! Palace of giddiness, which attracts but to destroy 1 What fascination dwells in your gates! Without doubt, there is in thy stones, chiselled even as the works of Benvcnuto Cellini, some fatal malignancy. Without doubt some fatal talisman hath found a refuge beneath thy roof. Look back on tho kings thou hast received, and say what thou hast done with them. Of these live kings only one has been dismissed by you to the tomb where his ances tors awaited him; and of the four others whom history claims of thee, one has been delivered to the scaffold, and the three others to exile !" To this melancholy list there is now to be added Napoleon lll.— Land. This, from a contributor to MacjnUlan'a Magazine, is just now specially interest ing:—The great triple war of the middle of the eighteenth century is neither more nor less than the great decisive duel between England and France for the possession of the New World. It was scarcely perceived at the time, and has been seldom remarked since: but the secret of that second Hundred Years* War between England and France, which fills the eighteenth century, was that they were rival candidates for the pos session of the New World, and the triple war which fills the middle of the century is, as it were, the decisive campaign in that great world-struggle. We did not take possession of the New World simply because we found it empty, and had more ships than other nations by which we might carry colonists into it. Not, indeed, that we conquered it from another Power which already had possession of it, but we had a competitor in the work of settlement, a competitor who in some respects had got the start of üb—namely, France. The simple fact about North America is this, that about the same time that James I. was giving charters to Virginia and New England, the French were founding further north the two settlements of Acadie and Canada; and, again, about the time that William Perm got his charter for Pennsylvania from Charles 11., the Frenchman, Lasale, by one of the greatest feats of discovery ever achieved, made his way from the Great Lakes to the sources of the Mississippi, and putting his boats upon the stream descended the whole vast nver to the Gulf of Mexico, laying open a great territory, which immediately afterwards Became the French colony of Louisiana. Such was the relation of France and England in North America at the time when the Revolu tion of 1688 opened what I have called the second Hundred Years' War of England and France. England had a row of thriving colo nies lying from north to south along the east ern coast, but France had the two great rivers, the St. Lawrence and the Mississippi. A political prophet, comparing the prospects of the two colonising powers at the time of our Revolution, and indeed much later, might have been led by observing what an advantage the two great rivers gave to France, to think that in the future North America would belong to her rather than to England. But now it is most curious to observe further that not only in America, France and England in that age advanced side by side, but in Asia also. The conquest of India by English mer chants seems a unique and abnormal phenome non, but we should be mistaken if we supposed that there was anything peculiarly English, either in the originality which conceived the idea, or in the energy which carried it into execution. So far as an idea of conquering India was deliberately conceived at all, it was conceived by Frenchmen; Frenchmen first observed that it was possible; Frenchmen first set about it, and advanced some way towards accomplishing it. In India, indeed, they had the start of us much more decidedly than in North America. In India alone we had at the outset a sense of inferiority in comparison with them, and fought in a spirit of hopeless self-defence. And I find when I study the English conquest of India that we were inspired neither by ambition, nor yot by mere desire to advance our trade, but that, from first to last, that is, from the first efforts of Clive to the time when Lord Wellesley, Lord Minto, and Lord Hastings established our empire over the whole vast peninsula, we were actuated by fear of the French. Behind every movement of the native powers we saw French intrigue, French gold, French ambition, and never until we were masters of the whole country got rid of that feeling that the French were driving us out of it, which hod descended from the days of Dupleix and Labourdonnais. The tenants of the estate of Clyth, in Caith ness, met in December last to finally decide whether they would pay rent to Mr. Sharp, the proprietor. Two motions were proposed—one that tenants should pay as much rent as they could, and the other that no rent should be paid until there was a revaluation of holdings. Only about forty persons out of 400 voted for paying rent. An exciting discussion followed, in the course of which there were shouts of "No surrender" and "dynamite!" The leaders of the agitation were charged with betraying those who trusted in them ; and the proposer of tho motion to pay rent said if any one interfered with him or his property, he would hold the first "no-rent" man responsible and deal with him accordingly. The counter motion was not put, and the formal finding, therefore, was to pay rent. \- A Birmingham correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette writes :—" An invention which it is believed will effect important changes in the metal trade, not only in this country, but throughout the world, has recently been patented in Great Britain and most foreign countries, and is now being sold as an article of commerce. The invention consists of a new method of manufacturing alumina, by which nine-tenths of the present cost is saved, while it can be made in immense quantities in the course of a few days, instead of requiring nine months to produce it, as was formerly the case. The inventor is Mr. Webster, of Hollywood, near Birmingham, who has been engaged in the experiments since 1851, and only succeeded in perfecting his process about twelve months ago, after having expended nearly £30,000 in the experiments. The extent and value of tho discovery may be gathered from the fact that a French syndicate have offered no less a sum than nearly half a million for the patent rights in France alone ; and companies in the United States have offered £1,000,000 for the rights of manufacture in America, while the Belgians and Germans are also negotiating for the pur chase for their respective countries. The ordinary method of making alumina is by pre cipitation, and the cost is no less than £1000 a ton, whereaa by Mr. Webster's process the cost is reduced to less than £100 a ton. When converted into aluminium and alloyed with copper, tin, and other alloys, it produces a bronze metal, which is considered to be superior to anything in use for ship fittings, steam propellers, and many other purposes, including the manufacture of artillery. The Times gives a long and very interesting account of the magnificent bequest made to the South Kensington Museum by Mr. Jones, array tailor. This collection has been recently opened for inspection. It is of the estimated value of £300,000, and comprises pictures, sculptures, porcelain, furniture, trinkets, ana miniatures produced during the reigns of Louis XIV., the Regency, Louis XV., and Louis XVI. Some few pictures by artists of the modern English school arc also included in the Jones bequest, comprising works by Turner, Patrick Nasymth, Liunell, sen., Sir */. Landseer, Mulrcady, Ward, Frith, and others. The bequest is said to be the most munificent of its kind which has fallen into the possession of the nation. An English journal, Truth, writes:—"The delay which has taken place in filling up the office of Lord High Almoner has been caused by the fact that it has been thought fit to revise the terms of the post, in the direction of cur tailing the privileges and perquisites of this functionary. The Almoner does not receive any specified salary, and his duties consist in presiding at the dispensation of the Maunday gifts, and in preaching at St. James s on Easter Day. Till towards the close of the reign of George 111., the 'poor and needy who are relieved were always entertained at a dinner after they had received their doles, which meals were served on tables covered with the finest damask, and this linen became the perquisite of the Lord High Almoner. It reminds one of Russian and Turkish tales of waste and jobbery to hear that, although some seventy years have elapsed since the dinner was discontinued, yet regu larly every spring a great bale of fine linen has been sent to Whitehall for the purposes of a meal which never took place, the bale being quietly appropriated by the Lord High Al moner. I believe that some years ago an Attempt was made to put an end to this flagrant absurdity, but Dean Wellesley raised such a clamour that it was resolved that no chance should be made during his tenure of the post. The theory that a British man-of-war is "British soil" in whatever part of the world she maybe has been at last fully extended to British merchant ships. Two men were re cently charged with stealing, and, on acquittal on that indictment, with receiving with guilty knowledge a number of Egyptian bonds, which had been taken from a British ship while moored to the shore at Rotterdam. The case turned on the question whether a British ship was equivalent to British territory, and the Judges of the Court for the Consideration of Crown Cases Reserved have decided that any bond fide English vessel sailing under the pro tection of the English flag is, to all intents and purposes, British territory, whether moored to the shore in another country or sailing the high seas. This decisi&ft; will be accepted as in accordance with common-sense. The only question is whether a foreign court of justice would not have come to an opposite conclusion in the circumstances recorded above, where the object of the prosecution was to secure the conviction of wrongdoers.— Colonist and India. The enormous sum of 9202,000,000 is invested in the submarine cables of the world, supposed to aggregate 64,000 miles in length. England has thirty electric light companies, with a capital of over £6,000,000. Nearly as much money is similarly invested in France. A VERY circumstantial ghost story is dis turbing the mind of New York. The editor of the yew York World vouches for the good faith of his informant—a professional man of high repute. The house in which the mani festations occur is a new one, and is let out in flats. The following are a few occurrences as told by an eye-witness who went sceptical, but soon found that something more than ordinary was up. First of all, there was much knocking at the front door. It was watched, opened and closed, before and behind, but the knocking still came, always in four strokes, sounding like blows struck with billets of wood. Then came bell-ringings in all parts of the house. Tappings were heard on the glass of the win dows ; the coats of the boarders fell down from the hat-rack, each falling a yard apart. The plush cover of a round table standing in the hall gracefully floated on to the floor. A clothes-prop was hurled over the top of a portiere; the walking- sticks stand ing in the hall were flung up in different direc tions, and before the scared residents had recovered, a leaf from an oak dining-table was hurled through the hall for 20ft., striking the wall and coming to the ground with a fearful crash. Another table took a scries of somer saults. Such violent goings-on had such a bad effect upon some of the family that they began to think of retiring, when a frightful shriek echoed throughout the whole dwelling, pierc ing, and evidently coming from no human throat, followed by " soft insinuating " whistles. In the evening "it" tried a few notes in arpeggio, and was successful in keeping time and tune with the piano. The tone of the whistle was sometimes that of a fog-horn; at other times sounding like the "blowing in the neck of a bottle." All this is said to be a " plain, truthful statement of facts," substan tiated by five witnesses. Bevies of policemen have searched in vain, and a curious English detective has been baffled. Although the power of the native Indian rajahs has declined, there appears to be no cor responding falling-off in the splendours by which they have been accustomed to surround themselves. The Hindu Patriot's correspondent at Burdwan states that a splendid throne of gold has just been prepared by two native artists of Calcutta for his Highness the Maha rajah. The names of the artists are Harokumar Roy and Kiunulkumar Roy. There are 7000 tollahs of gold in the throne (the "tollah" is nearly half an ounce troy), and it is exquisitely decorated with vignctto work on all sides. On the top of the bnck thorp is tlie Maharajah's crest surmounted with magnificent jewels of great beauty. It is added that the throne does great credit to native workmanship. Dk. Siemens has again exposed one of the humbugs of the questionable Electric Light Companies. " I confess," Hays Dr. Siemens, "I know of no other unit tbun that of a stan dard unit measured lvor/ontally." It would appear, however, that/ the companies have in vented a " nominal' candle power, and that when they speak of a lamp with an illuminat ing power of 2000 candles, they mean of 400 standard candles. 