THICKER THAN WATER. ? CHAPTER XUV. PULLING THE TBIOG ELL, It was one of the privileges of those who from time to time Mr. Beryl Peyton placed in the forefront of his favours, to Be admitted into his counsels, and to have their advice demanded upon this or that scheme of benevolence: a oirenmstanoe which sometimes proved the cause of their undoing. " First catch your patron" may be an important proviso, out it is useless unless you possess the art of keeping him j and this is the more difficult the more familiar you are with him, inasmuch as he has thereby opportunities to find out how much he was mistaken in you. And thus it had happened to more than one whom Mr. Beryl Peyton had delighted to hononr. They had been created grand viziers, only to be bowatrung, OT at all events to be banished from their master's presence, and to have their names obliterated from his will. Up to this time Edgar Dornay had held his place by the throne without misadventure; partly perhaps because he did not take such pains to keep it aa some of hia predecessors had done. He was not blind to niB own interests, and, as we know, by no means disinclined to the possession of great-wealth; but he was not one of those who think that gold can never be bought too deexly, or who have a natural hunger "for it He was neither grasping nor greedy, and much too fond of bis case to seek wealth at the sacrifice of comfort. His manners were agreeable without sycophancy. To Beryl PfeytOn. who waa accustomed to the fulsome arts of expectation, it appeared that the young man had both independence and eelf'respect He had never fallen into the error Of making steppingstones of Others into Mr. Peyton'B favour, nor fomented his anger against them J and his behaviour at Mary Marvon's refected suitor had been unexceptionable. He had accepted his cong6 with 'touch good humour that Mr. Peyton, who was of course fn Ignorance of his previous love passages with Mary, had complimented him upon it " Well, Sir, of course I am disappointed," Edgar had said, " and the more aO because I Bee you are disappointed too* It would have been easy to shrug my shoolders—impertinence is always easy—out there is no reason because Miss Marvon refuses tne her love, that I should oease to respect her. For my part, I think it a piece of great arrogance to cut the throat of a young lady iaa I read in tbe newBpapei* often happens) simply' because one has failed to recommend oneself to her. The dog-in-the-manger notion of * If I can't have her nobody else Bhall' seems to me, to aay no worse of it, both egotistic and contemptible." These generous sentiments were v< agreeable to Mr, Beryl Peyton, but he b discovered expectation in ao many oarbs, that he waa not quite certain of their genuineness. An opportunity arose to test It. There came a certain day when to an attentive observer the dinner-party at the HaU seemed to have a cloud upon it Mr. Charles Sotheran indeed waa not aware of its existence, and if he had been it would SQftrcely have attracted his attention. He was as Independent of clouds as a man in a waterproof, or rather there waa a reflected sunshine about him (emanating from his next neighbour) which destroyed tneir influence. He had understood from Mr. Bennie (still specially retained on the premises) that when he returned to town to resume his duties at the Probate Office it waa within the bounds of possibility that be ahould take Mary with him; and naturally afforded him an agreeable topao of conversation with his pro posed fellow-traveller. Except'that Mary looked forward with unfeigned regret to her parting from her hostess, no two young people were ever .more thoroughly happy. It must be added to their honour that all the ladies sympathized with- them; even Misa Price, who had never been wooed, and Mrs. Welbeok, who had been wooed onoe too often. It ia the attribute of all women not naturally bad or soured by disappointment to feel a kindly interest in turtle-doves about to mate. Their coo finds a responsive echo in their gentle breasts as surely as does that of a baby. As for Mrs. Peyton, her pleasure in the contemplation of the happiness of her young favourites made her almost oblivious of the vacanor their absence would create in ber heart ana home. Could she see them married ahe could certainly die happy; and as to living, the time for that ehe waa well ooavinoea would be but short If gloom intruded upon her it was cast by tbe dread of delay. As tbe time drew not esoape ber notice that certain of her guests were more Bilent than usual, and seemed to avoid even exchanging glances with one another. Had ahe watched them more narrowly she might have observed that Mr. Ralph Dornay's manner waa more frank and ddbonnairz than was usual with him since he had come into his wife's property, aod that more than once Dr. Bilde condescended to exchange a few words with him in his superior manner upon unimportant subjects. It seemed as though, freed for awhile from their respective responsibilities, these representatives of scicuce and social position had agreed to unbend, and even that they made some point of impressing upon society that for the moment they haa nothing of supreme importance upon their minds. Mr. Marks and Mr. Naylor, on the contrary, preserved an unbroken silence, and kept tneir eyes fixed upon their plates, save that now and then they snatched a furtive glance in the direction of Mr. Beryl Peyton, who was dispensing hospitality in his matter-of-course manner, and conversing with Edgar Dornay ")out the window-gardens of the poor. Of the proverbial bad quarter of an hour after dinner, tbe two philosophers had little experience; they had not settled many dinner bills, but they endured quite enough on the present occasion to restore the average, Over the dessert, when the ladies had withdrawn, they buffered agonies of suspense and "pprcheQsion. For, though the bill of inllctment that bad been formed against Charles Sotheran and Mary Marvon had been placed that morning, with their names ™ ea to it, in Mr. Peyton'B hands, he had not even acknowledged its reoe^pt. The pistol which had been so skilfully loaded for them they had let off with their own hands, yet no report had followed. Had it missea fire altogether, or what? In that "what" lay the most terrible contingencies. Was it Mr. Peyton's intention to treat the matter with silent contempt, or to visit them with his wrath and indignation ? Or was he only making enquiries into the truth of their allegations before proceeding to action ? Had he taken that operation of having his eyes opened in tho very worst part he could have hardly hit upon a form of punishment more severe than tnat which he waa at present inflicting. It by no means mitigated their apprehensions tnat when they applied to Dr. ISilde in their extremity he gave them neither encouragement nor comfort. Nay, what seemed monstrous in a person of his profession, he hod not even advice to offer them. He ouly remarked that to a well-regulated mind the approval of one s own conscience and the conviction that we have done our best to further the c&use; of moral order should be sufficient compensation for whatever happens. As for Mr. Ralph Dornay. he merely shrugged his shoulders and Biiilcd, as a man with thirty thousand a year can afford to smile At the pecuniary perplexities of his fellow-creatures. " When you go in for a great stake, gentle] men,' he said, with his thumbs in the armholes of his waistcoat, "it is only reasonable that .you should incur some risk.' To the observation that he bad put the thing into their heads, he replied that to reveal what gentlemen 6nid to one another in casual conversation was a breach of confidence, and that to make any use of it to his disadvantage was held on all hands to be so disbouou ratle that the injured person was justified in giving a distinct denial to anything or everything. This was said with the air of a man who inteuds to act up to hia principles. Even on a bed of down we are told that conscience is uneasy. Hut still oue is unwilling to exchange it for a wool mattress; and each of tho two philosophers passed a wretched night, from the reflection that it miuht possibly be the very last time tbat (left to nis own resources) he would sleep in a featherbed. In Mr. Peyton's study after breakfast some "private theatricals" took place of rather a serious kind. As Edgar and his host were smoking their cigars together as usual, the elder gentleman threw an open letter over to his companion with a dry "Read that." It was a missive of great length, and had not come by the poet, bnt had been placed in Mr. Peytons hands by his valet, "With Mr. Naylor's compliments," on tbe previous morning. It took some minuteB to get through it, and even when it was done Edgar remained speechless, but full of thought. It is possible that he was hesitating between honour and self-interest; if so. it waa fortnnate for him that he decided in favour of tho former, since if be had taken the course which looked most to his own advantage he would have repented it. There were several of the Happy Family for trial that morning, and among them (to judge by the way in which Mr, Peyton looked at him from under his large white hand) was Edgar Dornay himBelf. " Well, what do you think of it, Dornay ?" "They are lying, Sir," was the quiet reply. " You mean as regards the girl ? You tbink it impossible-— n " I do not think, because I am quite certain," put in Edgar vehemently, " that Miss Marvon has done nothing to be ashamed of." " But perhaps—long ago," suggested the old man tenderly, "under circumstances At which we cannot guess, harassed by trouble, pinched by poverty, tempted — who can tell ?" "I can tell," answered Edgar, quietly. " Never, never." Mr. Peyton hid his eyes, for they sparkled with pleasure. " But the lad," he went on; "it looks bod against the lad." "They have made it look bad," said Edgar. His tone had changed ; it was still confident, but had lost its fervour. The matter was comparatively indifferent to him. On the other hand, tne man was his successful rival, and it therefore behoved him (an idea, which though they were ao full of ideas, would never have occurred to Mr. Marks or Mr. Naylor), to say what good he knew of him. "Still, if ne Bald these thingB," said Mr. Peyton, pointing to the letter, " it was moBt ungrateful, and 1 bate ingratitude." "Mr. Sotheran's nature is not. in my opinion, an ungratefnl QQB. I will even &a;/' —this with a dead lift, but he did say it— " that it is incapable ot ingratitude." " Tbey say he called me Tarquinius Superbus," muttered Mr, Peyton, pulling at his lengjwhite beard. "I did not aay that Mr. Sotheran was incapable of an impertinence," was the quiet reply. ''These gentlemen, to use their own words" said Mr. Peyton, "have 1 courted investigation.' I have caused certain enquiries to be made, tlw result of which will be placed before us. They have asked for justice; they shall have it Will you oblige n.e by ringing the bell ?" CHAPTER XLV, THE INDICTMENT. Edgar Dornay was very far from wishing to be a spectator of what was about to follow. Butaa beir presumptive has his duties, and it was a part of them in this case to stand on the 1 right hand of the sovereign while administering justice. In the LetcomV Dottrell.'kingdom there was a still more significant sign of heirship—namely, <to be present during Mr. Peyton's confidences with nis law^sc; but to that topmost peak of expectation fidfaur—Dornay had not yet re&pbed.;, Though on a vexy high rung of the ladder, he was still on his promotion. Mr. Peyton had-sever to ring twice except for a reaton j when he did so, it produced not the footman but hfs val^t "Derwood," be said, " aak Mr. Marks aud Mr; Naylor' to be so go6d as to favoir.me company. Nothing oould be more stolidly respectful than Mr. Derwood'a-faoeaa be left -the room to execute his master's orders, but directly tbe doors had closed behind him it became full of expression. Sailors talk in their melodramatic manner of u the plank between them and eternity," but a great man's door ia else a plank of some importance, on one aide of which things take plaice that never occur upon the Other. " Here's another row," soliloquised the valet, laying his finger to the side of hia note, as was bis habit when reflecting upon the changes and chances of human life, of which, sinje he had been some >ears at Letcombe Hall, he had seen something, :t if the goose of them two gents isn't oookea my name isn't Sam Derwood." Then, as if suddenly affected by a reminiscence (though, in his rase, it was the absence of one), be added briskly, " and a good job too. 1 don't remember as either of tnem ever gave me so much as would buy a cigar with. If there ia a mammon of unt which it behoves persona who live In ely omitted tnis precaution, ought by rights to have been millionaires, so slow they were to iwt with their money. Mr. Marks, it is true, had feed Scarsdale, because her evidence was important to the present enquiry, and Mr, Naylor (not to waste his means upon a mere presentment) had chucked ber under the chin; but the bribe in neither case would have been sufficient to enlist her aid had she not been disposed to help them for other reasons. Now though years of service had robbed Scaradale of her youth, they had enabled her (in compensation) to put by a tidy sum of money, whereof Mr. Samuel Derwood being enamoured, he had proposed to her; aod either in order to make a cheap show of virtne, or to stimulate Mr. Derwood himself to similar gallantries, she had confessed in her own way (she haa even added " he kissed me") Mr. Naylor's indiscretion to the valet Hisjealous indignation may be imagined. " What 1" he cried, " do you mean to SAy he never gave you nothing to take the taste out of it Scaly varmint I Ignorant of this extraneous enemy, but witn sufficient apprehensions of danger from more direct sources, the two philosophers were nshered into the ball of audience. Mr. Peyton, standing with his back to the fire* lace. gravely pointed out two chairs imme- opposite that in which his yoang Siatelv friend was already seated. Never had involuntary spectator a better view of any performance than the unfortunate Edgar. " I have requested my friend Mr. Dornay's presence here," observed Mr. Peyton In explanation, " because I have confidence in his judgment, and also because he has some knowledge of the previous history of the two persons whom the document you have placed in my hands concerns. He is already acquainted with its contents, so tbat it will be unnecessary to read it Have you anything to add, gentlemen, to tbe Aformation which it purports to afford?" " Nothing, save that it is all true/' observed Mr. Marks in a solemn tone. It had been agreed between the two accusers that Mr. Marks should be their mouth^ece, and if he had been appointed Speaker to the House oi Commons he could not have acquitted himself with greater dignity and sedatenesa. " That is a bold thing tosay of eight pages of manuscript,' returned Mr. Peyton ; 4, yet even if it were true, I should have thought yon might at least nave added that it was with sincere regret you found yourself compelled to make snch allegations against two young people whose future fortunes it was only toolikely to effect for ill. But, perhaps," he added, with unmistakable irouy, " you never thought of the future," This was very rough on the philosophers, whose Bilcnce j which had provoked this outbreak) was in reality caused by the embarrassment of their position. What Mr. Marks had had it on the tip of his tongue to say woe that it was with a bleeding heart he bad forced himself to make these charges, but that where the interests of so dear and revered a friend as Mr.^B^ryl( Peyton were concerned, aU other considerations Bank into insignificance. But su,ch sentiments are for a patron's ear alone. With Edgar Dornay sitting within two feet of him it was really impossible to indulge in them. For from suspecting tbat that gentleman wis almost as uncomfortable as himeeU, he did him the injustice of supposing him capable of exclaiming " Rubbish 1" at the conclusion of some burst of loyalty. Mr. Marks did, hewever, manage to say that he had only performed what was to him a most unpleasant duty, lie had noticed tbat Mr. Peyton had showed considerable favour to Mr. Charles Sotheran, and the gross ingratitudo which the young man had evinced when speaking of bis benefactor, not to mention the motives of Eelf- intercst by which he was evidently actuated— " Never mind tho motives,' interrupted Mr. Peytou, drily. " We can all supply those for one anotiier. Let us stick to facts. He was disrespectful to me in his conversation. it 6eems ?" " Very," observed Mr. Marks. " And frequently, eh ?" " Always, struck in Mr. Naylor. " Then it strikes me you must have encouraged him," suggested Mr. Peyton. Nothing, averred both gentlemen, could bo more groundless than such an accusation. They had been too appal let 1 to slop biui and simply let him run on. What must have l>cen their feelings, for example, Mr. Marks ventured to enquire, with a glance towards the indictmcnt, what mutst havo been their righteous indignation when this youun person had the audacity to liken liis patron to Tarquinius Sunerbue ? " Why aid he call me that, I wonder?" enquired Mr. Peyton, with a glance at Edgar. Though white as Mount Soractc When winter nights are long, suggested the young poet, Bit beard nowed down o'er mail aod belt, Ills heart and hand were strong. lo be sure—a very apt quotation," obred the old man, smiling. " His other remarks, however, it seems were not so plimentary. ' Is this allegation literally trne. gentlemen, that Mr. Sotheran said ' The old fool'" (he here read an extraotfrom the indictment) "'will settle some money on the girl (meaning Miss Marvon), and then I will marry her ;' and again, 1 1 wish the old fool Those were the words Mr. Sotheran used," said Mr, Marks, with a alight cough, as if something stuok iu nis throat "Is that your impression also, Mr. Naylor ?" ' 1 He made uset if not of those actual words, of words of a similar purport, Sir." " There was a witness onoe who said, * the lilU0if, JJ4J. na^iwij j'vu wu* i™ iwuuu vw m equally contentions. I have made en quiries, however, intoJiiiB matter, aud testimony will be produced which docs not quite bear out what you two gentlemen have said. It tends to prove, I am sorry to say, that though Mr. Sotheran may have been indiscreet and disrespectful in his language, a certain colour has been given to it" " Not by us, Sir," murmured Mr. Marks. A dreadful suspicion crossed his mind that Ralph uornay Pilte were fu?tin» treacherously to them, And for sottd ttfljonoi their own had turned informers. Forto what other testimony could their host refer? Mr. Peyton rang the bell, and by some intei mediate agency, for it is certain he could never have heard it it was answered by Japhet Mar com, the deaf mute. Notwithstanding his height and strong build, this man had usually the patient, apathetic look which bolonga to those who are similarly afflioted—a gentle attentivenes*, as if they would fain listen to you if ihoy could. Gut on this occasion there was a severity in his face that almost approaobed traoulenoe. " You have seen these gentlemen walking on the terrace lately now and then, Japtiet, said Mr. Peyton, indicating the two philosophers with his finger. Japhet's eyes shone " yes" as be inolined his head with quiet confidence, " And from where you were you oould bear —in your way—pretty accurately what they saidr Mr. MarkB end Mr. Naylor smiled incredulously, as indeed did Edgar himself. Japhefs servioes were devoted to his master and not given to the publie at large. If the Happy Family ever bestowed a thought upon him, It ww to oooclode (as indeed was the fact) that hie name was to be found among the iesaer blessed in Mr. Peyton's wilL Tbey knew that his master ana be had some mysterious means of communicating with one another, and tbat waa all. 1 " Yon seem to doubt Japhet's powers, gentlemen/' observed Mr, Peyton. "Beso land, Mrj Dornay, as to ask him a question for yourself." 4 1 Is the clock at the church, Japhet," enauired Edgar, "faster or slower than the Hall time?" The mute pointed to the timepicce over tho mantelpiece^ and moved his hand with great rapidity. I k He Bays our time Is faster," explained Mr. to seethe movement of your 1 lips he<oan tell wbat they say; If yoa doubt this,- gentlemen. you cocrr.ake proof 1 of it for yourselves, but for my part I know it to be tbe case: and whatever Japhet has repeated to me or this matter is, to my mind, 1 frankly tell you, testimony to be relied oq as surely as though he had made* third at your inter* Mr. Marks' lips moved aa if he himself were dumb i Mr. Naylor gibbered like a ghost or a detected presentment "'Japhet has, at my suggestion," oontinued Mr. Peyton," written out a detailed aocount of what he heard in tbe walled garden. It is here, open to your inspection, gentlemen, aod—if it can be refuted—to your refutation. Japhet alleges that you Mfeea together that there could be no harm m putting into Mr. Sotheran's mouth the sentiments which you took it for granted he entertained. For example, since you supposed he would like Miss MaWon no less for Being well dowered, you thought it a natural thing to make Mr. iSotheran say, 'The old fool will settle some money on the girl, aud then I will marry her.' Do you still maintain, gentlemen, that those were the actual words Mr. Sotheran usod ? On the other hand, Japhet is confident as to your own employment of this rather singular phrase'"—here Mr. Peyton once more referred to the manuscript—" ' By hook or by crook, we must get both the boy and the wench out of tbe house.' " " It seems to mo, Mr. Peyton," said Mr. Marks, turning very pale, and speaking in quavering tones, " that you have hardly behaved quito fairly to us in discusiing in the nresence of a thii d person— here he indicated Edgar Dornay—'a matter which was communicated to you nnder the seal of confidence. Our communication, if you will be so good as to observe, was marked " private ana confidential"' "Good heavens, Sir! am I the Lion of Venice," exclaimed Mr. Peyton, angrily. " that I should take every charge for granted that malice and ill-will may invent against an innocent man ? If I hositate to confront bim with his accusers, do you suppose that is for their sakes, and merely because they have expressed a wish—under the circumstances a very natural wish—to remain anonymous? What right have you to complain because I take this gentleman here into my confidence? Wbat hinders you from defending yourselves because be is present." It was rather difficult for poor Mr. Marks to explain his position—the statement that his conversations with Mr. Naylor hftd been overheard, which he did not in the least doubt, bad utterly overwhelmed him. He was conscious of having Baid so many damaging things. There aeemed to him but ono way of escape for them out of tho hole, just as tho fox made use of the goat in the well, npmely, on the shoulders of Mr. Ralph Dornay. He would like to have said that the character that gentleman had given them of Mr. Sotheran had so utterly shocked their eense of propriety, that they had taken what might certainly seem somewhat extreme measures to prevent Mr. Peyton's favour from being abused. They had gone, perhaps, further than they were justified in going, but not of themselves; Mr, Ralph Dornay had given them the momentum. This is what seemed their best and indeed their only lino of defence ; but bow could they take it iu the presence of Mr. Dornay's nephew ? " You must remember, Sir," said Mr, Marks, wetting his dry lips as the scrpeut flickers his forked tongue, "that there ia another person implicated in tluB unhappy matter( and tbat a motive of delicacy, which you will I am sure both understand a aud appreciate, prevents its full discussion— ancm !—under present circumstances." " Pray do not let your consideration for Miss Marvon stand in the way," replied Mr. Peyton, coldly. " If you have nothing more to say against the young lady than you havo had to urge against Mr. Sotheran it will not distress Mr. Dornay, though he entertains as high a regard for her as any one must do who has the good fortune to be acquainted with her." " You must plcaso to remember, Mr. Peyton," said Mr. Marks, hurriedly, "that we have personally made no charge o f any kind against Miss Marvon. Wc have only repeated from a sense of what was owing to yourself, what wc have heard of her from other sources, and which a very little enquiry on your part will corroborate or disprove." You speak of other sources," said M Teyton, icily ! " be ao good a* to name ono o them." "Permit mc, Sir. to mention Scarsda Mrs. Peyton's maid. 