RELIGIOUS. If you are really determined to expand your obest the best way to do it is to carry a larger heart. Some people's feet go to sloop once in a while, and other people's heads have never waked up. It is all very well for a nian to believe tbat tbe earth revolves on its axis, but whon he be cornea thoroughly convinced that lie is hiuiBelf the aii» the less you have to do with him tbe better. People try evory possible way to become good without being bonest and virtuous, as the miser triod every way, except eating, to become fat. Tbero is nothing in this world that pajs such large dividends as cbeerf uIdcbb. We are apt to forget that we are not by nature intended to be snapping turtles. Grumbling is the one thing which, as the countryman said, we ' ortent ' to do, and therefore it is the one thing we lake most delight in doing. Life wonld be Bweeter and brighter for you if you would speak this little piece to yourself every mornning ;— Whistle and hoe, sing as you go, Shorten the row by tbe songs you know. Hot temper makes many enemies. Neither a word nor a stone once let go can be called back. Miss Anna Smith has shown her good will toward a good cause by giving to tbe HouBe of the Good Shepherd the estate of the late Ad miral, her father. The end sought is the refor mation of fallen women, one of tbe burning questions of the day. When a man goes aettay and then determine! to go back to the paths of virtue the obstacles in Ilia way are many and great. He ought to be helped, but no one is ready to help him. He has stolen once, and we hardly feel like trusting our cash to his keeping, lest he may forget his good resolutions and make up his second victim. Our hesitation is natural, but in tbe meantime he is in danger of going utterly to tbe dogs. The world has a screw loose in this matter evidently, and even the Church staggers like a drunken man when it tries to Bhoulder the problem. A woman, however, is worse off than a man. When she goes out into the cold there seems to be nothing left but to freeze to death. The House of the Good Shepherd tells us, nevertheless, tbat eight out of every ten| of the poor girls who seek an asylum are really reclaimed. Miss Smith's be nefleenco is therefore well placed, and it is to be hoped that the 'one more unfortunate' will not hide her shame under the waters of suicide, but in tbe sympathetic bosom of a true friend. The existence of a tribe of Indians in Paraguay with tails is asserted, apparently on good au thority. An Argentine domiciled in the Agfin tine missions has a yerba establishment in the Paraguayan missions in a district called Tacura Tuyu. While collecting the yerba in the yerba woods one day his mules were attacked by some Guayaeuycs Indians, who fled after killing seve ral mulee. The muleteers pursued, firing on the Indians, one of whom, a boy of seven or eight years, was wounded and captured. This boy was brought Posadas, the Argentine residence of Don Francisco Goicocboa, tbe Argentine re ferred to, and excited much wonder, and some uerm&ns; photographed him, he having a tail six to eight incbeB long. The boy ifl very ugly, but his body is not covered with hair. A brother, in possession of Colonel Eudecindo Boca, has also a tail, and it is said that all the tribe are similarly adorded. This tale of a tale is vouched for by Dr. Lniz Pizzarrello, an Ita lian. The amateur question, abont which there has been considerable discussion among the mem bers of the Adelaide Bowing Club, has baen satisfactorily settled by the formation of two rowing associations in that city. One to in clude gentlemen amatenrs under the usual defi nition and the other to include all rowers ex eeptiog those ' who are watermen ; anyone who has rowed for a money prize ; anyone who has earned or partially earned his living by rowing, or has taken money directly or indirectly in recognition of his skill in rowing ; anyone who is or has been engaged in building, selling, letting, or tending boats ; and anyone who ia or has been a professional athlete.' In a long letter on the subject published in the Melbourne Leader of 29th August, it is stated that the Amateur Association will probably send a crew to compete in the nest Inter colonial Eight-oir Gig Bace, to be rowed on the Yarra next year. Our Queensland friends have also been troubled Jwith the same discussion, and it will be well if they settle the matter at once by following the example of South Aus tralia, and draw the line between the manual labor and amateur oarsmen. One writer states that 'class distinctions are always obnoxious : bat when they enter oar recreations and amusements they are intolerable,' And again, '? Outrigeer,' the contributor to the Capricor Mt'on, a Bockhampton weekly, says :— ' I admit the line should be drawn somewhere, and I would draw it so that men who have earned, or do earn, their living as watermen, should be excluded. Not for one moment will I admit that a blacksmith or any mechanic must neces sarily be physically stronger than n clerk, or if be were that it follows be should be a better scalier. I could easily mention fe names of a t\n-rnn hnnlr Mnrlre fni* incfnnnn u.Vrn hotrn bec-n in Bockhampton during the past few years wbo wore far more muscular and athletic than ?iny Mechanic who competed at tlic late regatta and many of whom were skilled oarsmen. A frhort reference to some of the events at the late regatta will, I think, prove my argument. In the Senior Sculls race Mr. Hill defeated K. Markerow (a b'ackpmith) by a great number of lengths, although a few days previously Mark crow had beaten B. Robertson (a wheelwright and a capital sculler) in a similar race. This was tantamount to Mr. Hill having beaten them both. That gentleman quite ignores my reference to Bartlcm (a saddler weighing Sst 101b) winning the junior sculls from Hum phries (an engine-fitter; and Jones, both of whom were greatly superior in point of strength Of Kaine's victorious crew two arc blacksmiths, one a lemonade- bottler, and the other a carter who certainly does nothing in his occupation to put himself into condition for a boat race. Of Wells' crew, three were clerks and the other s saddler. The crew who won so easily in the junior fours' race were — TOe a baker, one a coachpaintcr, and tn'o bootmakers, none of them very muscle-producing occupations ; and O'Neill's crow, so far as physique was con cerned, should have beaten them out of sight.' If the two writers in question would take a broader view, instead of trusting to a local experience, their opinions would undergo a considerable change. Past experience has proved beyond doubt that the manual labour class have contributed the fastest and most powerful oarsmen. There may be exceptions, but they arc of very rare occurrence. Again, the idea of excluding watermen is an absurd one. Of )atc years, few of the great scullers of America, England, or Australia were watermen from profession. Hanlan is one of the few exceptions. Writing from memory, I believe that neither Boyd or Elliot wcie watermen. Tlie latter SDaUer was originally a coalhcaver. Nearer homn, we find that Edward and William Trickett served their apprenticeship in a quarry; Las'cock, stockdriving ; Bush, Power, and Clifford at farming ; and Keach at the forge. Wncrever rowing has become a popalaramusc ruent, the distinction between the two clnsscs has been sooner or later inevitable, and it is on'y a question of time when Queensland will follow the example of the sister colonies. Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in the o!d country to revive tbe belief in. visitants from another world, and many arc the wondor ful stories that fill some of the journals. Tbe sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'B ghoBt : ' How do I know that you arc not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread ie the moBt potent. It is a won der, therefore, tbat people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Cold Medal liaking Powder ia making bread ; for, although it won't ' raise ghoBts,' it will raise bread in the most ndmiiable fashion. 1 Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and every good houscwisc bnya it. | 