SELECTED POlSTRY. DAY LILIES. Laughter so soon is over, Summer so soon is done, What has a lily of fragrance After its day in the sun ? Dewy and fair in the morning, Perfumed and pale at noon Dewy and dead at sunset— A ghost by the light of the moon. ■\Vhat have you to remember ? What have I to ibrget ? Laughtpr, jests anil trifling—lilies With de^'drops wcty ' One for every morning—a lily . ,. ^. Counts for ft day; • Days and summer and lilies, How quickly passed away. . Which of us was in earnest ? ■ , Which of us was in j«6t ? When the lilies breathing fragrance Died slowly on my breast, Because they pleased your fancy— ' Because iny mood was new Do you believe that lilies May leave the scent of rue ? • r. » There's nothing to remember, There's nothing to forget, But laughter, jests and trifling; And yet—and yet—and yet In all the summer's coming ' All lilies under the skies, Will bring back to you low laughter And the blue of a woman's eyes. I neither hurt nor healed you, ' You'll be no more false nor true ; To me and my summer fancies, Than—1 shall be to you, But to the end the lilies ■ Will be of your past a part, . And you'll think you see them lying i A bloom on a woman's heart. Throughout of all our summer This is what I have won. ■. I may chance to be remembered When 'lilieS stand in the sun, You_will forget the woman— .. I shall forget the man— • But the fragraucc o£ the lilies, < • ■ Forget it if you can. .But I have my little triumph— A woman's-—light and vain; And would it have paid me, think you, , To have wrested it from pain ? * J Grant you each word I utter Is a trifle light ns air; Yet. out of my little triumph ~ . There grows a little prayer. * ■ ■' : Give other women roses, All bloom to them is free; I—I have earned the lilies ; Leave them to me—to me. Those who jest in the morning, [ l Should jest at set of sun; When will end this jesting ? When will the day be done ? But 1 have my little triumph— A woman's—light and vain j '■•It would have paid but.poorly >To have wrested it from pain,' • And to tlie end the lilies ; N - ' Will be of the past a part'; Once—once an August lily . . . Found root in a woman's heart., 