TAU3 AND SKETCHES. RO&BINC; PETF" .j JL. ; Er JOHN SAUNDERS, Abthor op " Hireli. : on, Lorn Boss or Sibipb," " Abel Drake's Wipe," "Israel Mout, Ovhrman," &c.;, &c.; Chapter I. — A Novelty in March Days. Tho winter of the year 18 — was a most un conscionable ono ; taking possession as it (lid of a great part of autumn on tbe one sido, and of spring on the other, and threatening the entire extinction of the latter, so far as the passing season was concerned. But March came, and wonderful indeed was the change ho wrought in a day or two. One might liken him to a Florist to whom tho Heavenly Gardener had confided the care of MS Sowers of the earth, in preparation for some august holidi y ; who had in consequence gathered them together, and sedulously pro tected them, in order to take tho time of east Winds by day, and of black frosts by night, to pour .them forth amid balmy breezes upon tho world, whilo ho stood by to see, as Chaucor enye «- 'flow all the Orient laugheth of tho sight t Men who rarely ever spoko to eaoh other stopped quito naturally to exchange congratu lations in tho London streets, sometimes under the Shelter of umbrellas provided against tho sleet and wind rather than in fear of rain. Dreary, blackoned hedgegrows beenmo sud. denly alivo with tiny sparkling leaf buds, which rushed out at tho call of the sun liko so many children in a squaHd neighborhood crowding forth whon tho inspiring streams of music aro heard from passing holiday-makers, inviting all to follow thqir example. Flowers sprang as by mngio in every subur ban garden, Tho hoarse cries of the hawker, "alia growing and a blowing," wa3 beard alike in well-to-do quarters, tempting buyers to his full baskets of lovely but tender blossoms (forced into rapid bloom to decay M quickly), and in tho veriest back slums to whioh ho or sho carried violets or primroses. Surely there is hero one of tho most pathetio of combinations. Tho bringor and tho people to whom they aro brought, in all their dirt and rags, and homeless homes, and coarseness of faco, word and gesture on tho ono hand, and tho flowers on the other, so pure, bright, fresh, fragrant, full of the very breath of hea ven, and yet taken by tlie pariahs of our State, in admirntion, sympathy and love, that aro nuabie to express themselves except through grotesqne'forms, but are not the les3 truo and intrinsically beautiful. If wo may indeed thnnk God for flowers on our own account, still more should wo thank Him in our heart of hearts for the blessiugs they bring to the poor, the ignorant and tbe depraved. CiurrEn II.— Hauoaxton House, May- fajr, No greater contrast to tho homes just glanced at, or to the flowers which alone suit the tastes and pockets of their inmates, could well be presented than by Harlaxton House and its adornments on One o f those same lovely March days. The position of tho mansion is peculiar and distinctive. Amid the formidable and ever increasing piles and ranges of dwcllingliouses devoted in our overgrown metropolis to the use of the nobility, gentry aud eoiomcrci.il magnates who may bo roughly said to constitute tho fashion- . able world — dwollings splendid in aspect and cost, but commonplsco for tho most part in their splendor — it is refreshing to como upon some old residence of an aristocratic family ; rich within, iu the gathered art-wealth of cen turies ; but dull, possibly dingy, without, as seen over the walied-in court yard ; the whole sayiug bo plainly to the showy parvenu erections crowding around : "Pray, good people, keep your distance." Harlaxton Houso is a residence of this kind; as uninviting outside as tho home of many a Turkish Pasha ; hut so full within of all that tho heart of man or woman can desire in com fort, luxury and picturesque beauty of detail, that the greatest of Eastern potentates might well envy the fortunate possessors ; even if ho seo that the harem at present consists only of an aged and widowed Countess, aud a young girl, an orphaned relative and heiress, who lias come to reside with her and her two son3 since the death of the late earl, her husband, littlo moro than a yoar ago. , Tho day on which our story opens has been anticipated as a memorable one in the family. The Countess and tho Earl, hor eldest son, give now their first formal dinner party since tbe loss of their relativo, to a few intimate friends; and hold a reception afterwards of the most brilliant character, consideriug tho titular, political and intellectual rank of those who have been invited, and among whom is a prince of the royal blood. Most of these anticipate with interest and sympathy tho return to tho fashionable fold of ono conspicuous in former doyB as a loader of society ; and esteemed in Inter ones for her kindness to young aspirants of either sex, and for her willingness to aid by purse and pen in aoy good work. A long waggon stands boforo the outer gate filled with plants ; the taller ones noddiug to each other at every movement of tho soft breeze, as if whispering about the glory of tho day which invests foUago and flowers with golden sheen. Horo tho eye rests on slender palms in oriental beauty of form ; red leaved and varie gated dracicnas splendid in color foliage ; and acociasstudded nil over with tiny golden buttons of bloom ; while there it is attracted by tho nrching and broadly waving fronds of a giant trco fern, which overtops bushy camellias iu full flower — red, white, striped and rose hucd. Tho florist's men . are busy nnioading, and have to throw off their ooats, and put forth all their BtreDgth to lift some of tho heavy weights, and carry thom through tho court yard into the hall. This presents a busy scone. Immense num bers of smaller plants, of tho kinds most dis tinguished for beauty of leaf and blossom (tho large and lovely snowwhito, vnso shaped llo wora of tho Calla JEthiopioo, gleaming wherover oue looks), are clo30 packed against the sombre, armor-clad walls; waiting till tboir largor brethren shall bo first disposed of in pride of place in the decoration of tho hall and stair case, the saloon and other apartments. Servants in tho elegant blue livery of tho Harlaxtons are passing to and fro on tho busi ness of tho evening; while two of their number, in waiting, stand idly gazing and gossiping with each other, in luxurious enjoy ment of the hustle and activity all around, slnco they are not called upon to" partsko. So they think. But vain are tho hopes of man ! Two of tho florist's men, who have just come in, aud aro staggering undor tho burden of a grand palm, find it so task their strength that ono of them cries out, suddenly — "I soy, Bill, I must let go, if you don't Btop." "Easy, then !" responds tho othor, and they manage to let it gently down. Awaro that timo presses, they look round for help ; and, lo ! tho two lackeys. " Lend a hand ; there's good follows," says ono of tho men to the nearest servant ; " it's moro than we ean manage." Tho person addressed como, looked at the plant, looked at tho two men, went slowly back to his comrade, said something to him, then both looked back and langhed. " There's a man and a brother for you !" exclaimed tho florist's man who had made the appeal. "You a man and brother of a gorgush crcaturo like that!" said tho other. "I'm ashamed on you, Jem, so to' ruistako your proper spere. Why, he's a sort o' human bird o' paradise." The lackeys hoard, and again they laughed. " Now, I look again," remarked tho previous speaker, "ho gives mo tho idoar of. a splendid tuelip as ull fall to pioccs at the first puif of wind. Only look at his legs 1" ' Tho legs so commontod on changed their position uncomfortably, tbo faco of their owner reddened with anger, and ho turned as if not to bear. But this only made the next speaker raise his voice accordingly : " And his complexion ! Not long for this world, Bill !" " Think so? Then don't aggravate his feel ings meanwhile. Let us hope he may livo lobg, and mako the worry rainbows fado aforo him I" It was too much. Thq. lackeys advanced threateningly, and tho florist's men, with a laugh, confronted them, with' folded arms. Wliothor that silently insulting nttitudo would have provoked tbo servants to show their man hood, who Bball say 1 for tboy lost or wero spared tho opportunity through the entrace of a respectablo looking man iu black — Mr. Richards, tho houso steward,, and master of tho domestics. The first glimpse of him sent them both back with extraordinary rapidity, and at tho same timo changed their attitude ; in an equally remarkable manner tbey became conspicuously busy, "Arc all tho plants in from tho court yard?" he a3ked. He was answered in the affirma tive. " Then hurry with them to their places, I expect tho Countess hero in a few minutes on a tour of inspection to see that all is right," '''' There was a largo plant near whero . lie, stood. He callod the florist's men to take it' to a place in the hall, which he indicated to thom. Then noticing the plant which had been tho occasion for tho recent quarrel, he told tho two servants to take that to anothor part. Thoy hesitated, looked at tho florist's men— who put their hands to their backs in an ironi cally sympathetic way — and seemed half in clined to refuse ; but Richards's stern — " What aro you dawdling about ?" was de cisive. With great difficulty they lifted and bore tho plant to its place. But even that was not so hard to bear a3 the jeere and con gratulations of tho florist's men, when for a moment they had to pass near them. Chapteh III.— A Passino GtTsirsE op our Chief Characters. Quick work wns now made in tho clearance from tho hall of the plauta that were destined for other parts of the mansion ; and hardly had the Btcward seen that ail was ready for the Countess, and gone away to tell her so, bo- fore a face omerged from beliiud the Bcreon that stood bofore tho entrance door, and after a cautious look round, and sooing no ono, its owner cntored, congratulating himself that ho had at last " dodged tho flunkeys," He looked as if he might have extended the scops of commont so far as to own he had ail his life been dodging tho things most worth living for, such as character, health, comfort ; and had been mulcted in heavy penalties for so doing. Ho was apparently of about thirty-five years of age, but might be much younger ; for all tho marks wero upon him of that kind of liv ing which makes men prematurely old. The well shaped face nature had given him had be come bloated ; his dyes, still bright, and revel ling in a kind of rollioking humor, were blood shot, and one of tbom was blackened as from a recent blow. But the most remarkable thing about him was the grotesque contrast between his garb and his demeanor. Ho wore a dress suit, so greasy and changed in color and so badly fit ting, that tho conclusion was irresistible — bo must under somo special and possibly recent circumstances of necessity, bavo been driven to pick it up in some old clothes shop, as if nothing elso had been available for his appear ance hero to-day. His manner, however, negatived all such derogatory ideas, when he heard tho voice of some one coming, and said to himself, " I' m in luck. Hero comes my man." A moment after a young gentleman entered, whose handsome face darkoncd as he saw the new comer ; who, however, smiled confidently as ho advanced, bowed with some grace but more effusion, held out his band, wbich tho young gentleman appeared in no hurry to take, bo he withdrew it as if tho circumstance only enhanced tbe pleasure be expected from the meeting. But before there was time to speak to each other the Countess, preceded by tho Bteward, came into the hail, and stood for a moment in surprise and displeasure to see her second son, Stephen, in the company of snch a man. Sho has changed her weeds to-day for the first timo for a robe of black velvet, trimmed with crape, and relieved by white crape at tho wrists, a silver girdle, a Mario Stuart cap, also of black velvet and crape with an edging of pearls — a garb that may unobtrusively remind callers she is still a mourner. Sho moved to wards them. This was a now pleasure for Stephen's visitor. lie bowed as if he could kiss tho very ground in n moro than oriental worship of tho great lady before him ; then recovering his very erect posture turned to Stephen a3 if to say by his looks — " Your motlior ? Tho CounteBs ? How proud I feel to moot her I" But tho look tho Countess gave as sho silently measured him from head to feet was so haughty, scornful and penetrating, it seemed to enter his very marrow; and tho bland smiles with which he tried to confront her died ont ; whilo a something that might be shame or might bo nnger caused his face to change and become still moro unlovely in its blotches and varieties of purplo and crimson hues. " Stoplien," said the Countess, as sho turned to her son, " I want to speak to you in my room before you go out to-day, when you have done with this — this — gentleman 1" " Quite correct, my lady I" interposed tho person so spoken of. " Among friends I am always Gentleman Jack 1" " And what among your enemies ?" asked tho Countess. " Oh, pardon — that they have not tho cour age to tell mo and with this stroko the speaker recovered his audacity. " And if," interposed Stephen, " he docs himself mako known his gentility and merit he has ono cxcuso — how elso is the world to know ?" Gentleman Jack laughed at the hit as if he really onjoyed it before saying — " Witty, though severe. But I am used to him." Looking gravely, yet lovingly, in her son's face, tho Countoss went away ; Gentleman Jack behaving very much as if ho wero strew ing flowora in her path, but receiving no sign of any kind that sho even noticed his obse quious courtesy. " If ever Luoifor takes a wife there'll bo no moro talk of his prido if be take3 her I" Such was Gontleman Jack's comment, but which certainly did not reach the oar of - Stephen, whoso first salutation whon his mother had gono left it clear ho needod no spur to his angor — " What tho devil do you want ?" " Wantl Why, of course, I want my friend," was tho response, accompanied with a look and gesture of surpriso and tender reproach at tho question. " Didn't I warn you nover to como hero J" " You did ; bnt tho magnetic attraction of friendship was too mnch for me." "And now you are here, what in the devil's name do you want I" " Taking the question as if put more politely , I want to know why you come no more to the old haunts — have eensed to nso me, and once at least have cut mo dead in tho street S" " Is knowledge on these matters your only object in this visit ?" ' Ah, there you touch my tendcrest point! In losing my friend, even for a timo, I seem to lose everything I hold most dear. Since wo last mot I have been descending tho social inoline, not by stops but by a Blide at a tremen dous pace. Think of it. A gentleman born and bred when starting at the top ; a common billiard marker at a gambling table by the timo I reached the bottom I" . " But that I believe is not an unprofitable vooatton," remarked Stephen. "There are nice pickings attached to it." " A very just observation. And you can now feel what I feel in sayiug, I have lost it !" " How did that happen " Oil, as usual, I was too much the gentle man." The Bpeaker wob so moved that he found it necessary to wipe the tears (or the rheum) from his eyes with a red silk rag, that still did duty as a handkerchief, J'Turn, then, to something else," said Stephen, with Bharp decision, while seeming inclined to obey his own precept, by going away, _ " How you do anticipate my wisest conclu sions I That is just what I said to my land lady (and washerwoman) only two hours ago, when I returned from a jolly night's spree at a ball, and after an unlucky tumble in tho gutter on my way homo, which has ruined my best suit. Well, I was just about to take my rest in my lonely bed, when in como3 my landlady (and washerwoman) to say her rent could no longer be put off ; that my hill was very heavy — it certainly is long" — and there with he unrolled it, showing a series of weekly bills ho had pinued together, " and that it must bo paid this vory day ! what I felt for tho poor woman, when obliged to own I hadn't just then a shilling in the world, is not to be told.!.1., " Didn't Bhe tell you " She did, by passing through every degree of the female barometer within the next half hour ; beginning with stormy, then drenching us both with very heavy tearful rain, and ris ing at last to o'perfect hysteric tornado 1" Stephen struggled hard to keep down a laugh, but Jack had been too much for him, and ho could only say — "And then J" " I tried philosophically to show, 03 a passing consolation, that such tears were like delicious rains that camo but to enrich the soil ; and generally that all such human commotion cleared and sweetened the atmosphere." " And then ?" ouee more queried Stephen, his faco telling Gcntloman Jack that be was rapidly making way to the restoration of the old feeling botweon them. "Don't ask! I had to ran for my life, leaving, all my worldly goods behind 1 In this dross too 1 That's woman all over. Tho bouquet of kindness you offer turns on you like a bunch of stinging nettles. How I do wish they'd invent a third sex (hat might answer all the necessary purposes of that one. It must be an improvement." "Well, Jack, you bavo made me langh in the old fashion ; but I am afraid I can't re turn tho compliment." " You will ! All in good time. But como. I want counsel. I want advice. Here's the ease. Nature places every man betwixt two bundles of bay, called Timid Respectability, and Bold Adventure. Now I am the very ass to stand wistfully looking at and longing for both, and getting a belly fnll from neither." Suiting the action to tho word, he turned out bis pockets. " Empty 1 Empty i Empty ! What am I to do 5" " Fill 'em 1 Fill 'em ! Fill 'em 1 What are you to do, indeed 1 Anything you can that's honest, and that will enable you to earn a little to go on with. And then what a career is before you I" " Indeed I" exclaimed Gentleman Jack, thinking his plant was coming to flower at last. "Certainly," said Stephen. "Yon have only to go back to the simplicities oi nature. Turn teetotaller as regards your tipple ; and vegetarian that you mayn't want meat. You can laugh- at house rent and taxes from a Diogenes tub ; and can pleasantly regard the tailor As you return to tho primitive wardrobe of Edon in dress." " Delightful ! Quite an idyll in prose ! I'll think of it. You laugh, but I really will so said Jack, as he turned and took a rapid snr- voy of the place to see that no ono was within earshot. Then approaching Stephen in a con fidential manner, he began to speak iu a kind of half- whisper, to whioh his thick voice did not very well lend itself. " Now, to show you I didn't come here empty handed : That pretty girl at Riahmond you so much admired — " Stephen Bhook ids head, and endeavored to arrest the stream of communication by say ing — " Excuse mo, I must resume my exercise," and than began to walk about. But ho was followed, and still the insidious current poured into his oar : "I have found where she lives, and spoken to her. Sho is wondorfully pretty > and, poor thing, has nobody to look after ber. Sko's over head and ears in lovo with you — that sho could not hide. Hers is a hard life I suspoct. Why not treat ber one night to tho play ; and if, accidentally, you should be too lato for tho train — " - . There the speaker paused, and again looked round. Ho was at the moment standing be tween Stephen and a window with glass doors opening nearly to the floor, which had been thrown back whilo the hall was swept. Stephen had Btopped, as if. yielding to tho seduetivo tempter, who, before pressing bis advantage to a conclusion, again turned to make snro no ono was likely to overhear or disturb thom. And thus standing, Stephen whispered in his ear, to tho listener's great gratification, " You did not, as you say, como empty- handed ; neither will I. be empty-handed in rewarding you. Take this." In an instant Gontleman Jaok'3 elbows were caught from behind, iu a sudden, power ful aud irresistible grasp, and ho was hurried without the possibility of a stop, right on to tho low sill of tbe window, where ho caught with both hands, againgt the lintels, and so prevented his being pitched out. " Sir ! Sir I Sir U' ho called out. " What's thematter S" asked Stepkon, still maintaining his vigorous thrust. Fifty feet below! and not even a dung- heap to break the' fall." " Not five upon my honor, and stops to go down 1" cried Stephen, his indignation mere- mg into a hearty .fit of laughter, which he ' could no longer control. '< Oh Jack ! Jock !" - Stephen then let him go, and retired a littlo before again! speaking. "Take warning, or ; the farce of to-day may biibomc tho tragedy of '' to-morrow. HubIj ;' tlie earl, my brother, ii ' coming," s : " Shall I run out for a bit ?' askod Gentle man Jack.- "No," said Stephen, with sharp decisive.' tone, as he rang a bell, whilo his companion retired to a corner, and became lost in contem plation of a statue. Lord Harlaxton entered, a man some thirty years of age, with well formed features, long hanging brown whiskers, a curiously cold look ing suspicious eye, toll figure, aud imposing pre- ' Benco when he kept down a certain restlessness of temperament which is opt to impair personal dignity if it become habitual. "Stephen," he said, with something im perious n the manner and tone. "Well," responded Stephen, with cool in-, difference. " yu know there has been a man out- - side asking for you? I think without excep- . tiqn the most disreputable looking—" . ' 'Is that him ?" said Stephen, pointing with '' his finger towards Gentleman Jack. Lord Harlaxton turned, put his gloss to his : eye. and said — . "Yes, that's the man, who tells me he is a '' friend of yours.'.' ', j ' " '.'Certainly," responded Stephen.' "Jaek-: sit down." Tho servant now come to answer , ! tho bell. " Wine and a couple of glasses, i Perhaps Lord Harlaxton will join us,' so bring three." " The gontleman so referred to did not wait" ! till the sorvnnt was out of hearing, but at" ' once responded in the iciest of tones, and with out the slightest perturbation of manner " Lord Harlaxton declines the privilege you offer him, and will take an "early opportunity of discussing your right to receive such ' friends' in this bouse." As he was moving away, Gentleman Jack advanced, and arresting him, said— I' I sincerely beg your lordship's pardon for being so shabby and disreputable looking, but' I assure you I have not the slightest objection to being made rich and presentable." The servant now entered, and Stephen slowly filled the two glasses, waiting for thg. ; man's departure. As he left, Stephen, thinS? ing perhaps of the habits of tbe society fn ' which his " friends" lived, or perhaps simply making an occasion to retort ono insult by an other, said — "Jack, your health' I Brother, yours 1" Lord Harlaxton; had been standing, since Gentleman Jack had Bpoken to him immovi ' able ; looking from one to tho other pat! before him as if he were a social philosopher j studying the hnbits of some remarkable and : to him new species. ' "I see now," he said, " you are true friends ! and well matched. To avoid invidious disj unctions, therefore, I have the honor to wish yon both good morning." And therewith the ' Earl left them. " Are you content ?" asked Stephen. " You ' have put me in for a jolly row." "I'm sorry, bnt " Gentleman Jack was ' interrupted by.Stephen, who said hurriedly, "My mother returns. You can wait no, longer." " But I have something particular to say to. ; you." ' " Another time." "It mnst be now." , "Must?" And Stephen sternly repealad the word. But Beeing his look was confronted '. boldly by Gentleman Jack, and that in a m'o- ' ment more his mother would again find them - together and demand explanations, he Said, " "Wait then in this room till I am at ' liberty." And so saying, Stephen went to and." opened the door of an apartment where the-! visitor would not be noticed. The two eepar- ated, and left the hall in timo to avoid the ! Countess, who entered with the steward a mo- ' ment later. Chapter IV.— An Untimely Illness. " It is all very charming, my goad Richards!' r I see nothing to alter or improve. On the con- 7 trarv, it appears to me you are not content .'! with fulfilling my wishes, but you go beyond them. I thank you." So said the Countess, oven while her fqge , was paid, her form languid, her step hesitating ! and unsafe through the unwonted fatigue and ! excitement of tho day. Richards noted the : change, and could not but observe — " I fear your ladyship is doing too much." " I do feel tired ! Faint A chair ?" As ho brought it, end bIio sat down in evident - alarm, she cried almost passionately — ' " Air 1 Air! There seems none in the ! place I" " " Tho window is widoopon,my lady. I will also open tho hall door." "That should give mo new life," she said " faintly, as she felt the draught of sweet air:> thus produced. It revived her ; and rising and taking the " steward's arm, she slowly withdrew to her own - favorite room, tolling Riohards to say nothing to any ono about this passing attack ; and to ! mako excuses for her if necessary to prevent Mr. Stephen's coming till Bhe should be quite- recovered, A few minutes after, while the two servants in waiting were engaged in a hot discussion as to the be9t horeo for betting on in a coming race, tho Countess's bell was rung. One of tbo footmen moved leisurely a few Bteps to answer it,- .and returned to give his companion a strong warning against the horse he hnd chosen, but started as .if electrified by I tbe renewed sounds of tho beli, polled with, great aud inexplicable violence, if it wa? fa- deed tho Countes3 who summoned. | As ho hurries up tho staircase, tho lyHl \- sounds onco more, and so clamorously that the other servant in waiting shuts up his betting book, forgets Ms favorite horse and : his many speculative bets upon it, and rushas up after iiis comrade | while tho other aor- , vants, and thtt florist's men, who had been hospitably treated, came flocking in to seo what was tho matter. Presently, Richards, a grave faced man at ail times, but looking now as if ho had just been in communion with a ghost, comes from the Countess ; slowly descending the stairs (he is a man who never does anything fast, even ! to run from danger to himself, which he must | have time to realise), and standing on the bot- . torn step, bcokons to thoBe of the florist's men j who ore near,- and says to tbom, as if the mat- j ten wore, of no sort of consequence so' far as I thoy wore coneorned, ' " Tho Countess is ill. I am going to coiih- termand the invitations. Tako baok every thing you have brought, without a moment's loss of time. Our peoplo will help." Waiting only till ho saw " onr people" wero helping with might and main, he withdrew to execute Ids task; an embarrassing and difficult one to the last degree, considering the short ness of tho notice,' the quality of the invited guests, and tho distances to be gone over by his messengers, who comprised pretty well p very, male servant of the family in and out of (he house who could readily be found. i Tho two lackeys, who had in succession gono h> answer the bell, now met in the hall, " I'm off for the doctor 1" whispered one. " And I for the lawyer !" said tho other, Jcamos, the servant whoso legs and complexion had been so unappreciatingly dealt with. And then, "as if ho could not, oven under Such circumstances, repress tho jokoho was big with,- on account of the disappointment in store for tho guests, ho added, putting his Znobtli to tho listener's ear — " I'm to go from tho lawyer's to tho Duke of Doffgington's 1" This was Jeames's pleasant way of satirising tho habits of the Duke of Doddington. " I'm to put him off. He won't like it, will he ? Eli ? He seldom comcB out now— too old — but when he say ho will come, ho don't understand being told he inusn't 1 Eh ? And when ho does, it'B snch fun to see how he looks down at his feot to know whore they are going 1 And he's obliged to tako my arm to make suro he and thoy ain't going to part company, Ha ! lia 1 ha ! Stupid old duffer ! He has never oneo tipped me for all tho harm I've kept him out of. Well, any how ho won't be horo to-night !" And with that note of exultation Joames wont to fulfil tho commissions entrusted to him. 