BISHOP MOOEltOHSE'S TISM TO RUTHERGLENi . ArrHit tho lapso- of about ilvo ycara His Lordahip tho Uishop of Molbourno paid hlo second vinit to Rutherglon on Wcdno/dny Inst, tho occasion boiug A tca-mcoling hold in tho Town-hall, in aid of St. StODhcn'e Church. Tho building had boon very tnnto- fiilly decorated for tho occaoioj by a com mittee consisting of Meadamea WihgraVe ond Prico, und Misaoa Graham, Pcatco, Wingravo, Ifirkupj Price, Cousefis, ana Amloi'son. Tho apponraiico it presented wna very inucli different to its usual dilopidatod look. At aix o'elook about 300 aat down to a very- oxcollent tea, tho following ladies prosiding ovnr or attonding to tho tables Bishop' a tablo — -Meadamea Booth, Wingravo,' Derrick,; arid, Miss Wingravo. At tbo other four tables— Mcsdamc8 Joseph Pearco, John poarco, Houston, Gill, Wain,' Phillips, and Price, Mioses Graham, Pcarco, Prico, JSI'Konzio, Kirkup, Wilson, Clarko, Couaons, Peritz, and Biondel. . r After tea tho tables wore' cleared away for a mooting, interspersed with musical selections, which' was to follow. Tho mooting commenced shortly aftor eight o'clook, tlio hall boing crowded.; to ita utmost capacity. Tho chair was occupied by tho Rev. Mr. Thomas. An ovorturo was played in a dnisbed manner by Miss Bessio Graham, and Mrs. Grcone, a visitor from Melbourne, gnvo a solo, " Sing me an English song,'' her rendition of it showing her to bo tho possessor of a cdltivated voice. ' Tho Rov Mr. Hayhow, Churoh of Eng land clergyman at Yarrawonga, was then called upon to speak. 1 He said that Anthony Trollope bad stated there 'wero two great characteristics of Colonial life. Ono was a tendency to " blow," and -tho other that ten- meetings were held in almost every town— annual (?) gatherings of this nature being celenratea three times a year." Tho speaker thought, howover, that these social re-unions wore of great importance and' lessons wero to be learnt oven from toa-moetings. Ho wished to speak that evening of several kinds of "T'b" without possessing which no cbureh could bo successful. First of all thcro must bo unity. Without it tho church's work could not bo extended, while with it they might do rauoh. They must also havo activity. Demosthenes ascribed all his success to nation. Tho speaker then wont on to refer to other "TV' — punc tuality, duty, and piety, and conoluded; by expressing a hope that all present would go onward ana forward ia mental vigonr and spiritual life. - A Boto br Mrs. Ehrot," " Halbmaat Mffh," fob lowed, ana was vory well glvoo, and Mr. J. 0. Lcflllo rcnilorod ",Tho Buptor." ... Tbo chairman stated that bo bad ' two analogies to mnko. Tho liar. H. E. Tliomsou, of Corows, had boon called away to Melbonrno. and tlioroforo oould not bo prcneut, an<) tho Rav. Mr. White was provouted from attending by matters of Import- aitco. Tbo chairman also stated that ho bod an ex planation to offer. > Tho readers of the various papers had doubtless noticed that 11U Lordship had beau anuoauced to preach that ovoning at Cbtltem. This announcement howover, woo tho result of a mistake, llo (tho chainnau) thon pro ceeded to uiva a short npoccli. Ho said that ho was plon/iod to ho prosont that ovoulng us iucurn- bout of tbo parish. Tiioroworo tslgasof roturning onorgy in nplritual matters, of which ho could not holp fooling proud. Tho district also was increasing in prosperity, nud pooplo wero getting so rich that thoy would not know soon what to uo with their money; but ho could suggest a means. Thoy needed £100 for their churcu, and ho thought tho money could bo raised cosily enough durlug tho noxt twelve months. As a means of raising money ho should like to seon fair hold botweon tho Chil- torn and liutborglcn congregations. .This would causo co-operation. He mentioned tho matter that night bceauso thoro was nothing liko being first In tbo field. Speaking more seriously, bo thought tho district showed sigus of prosperity in soul mat ters. Thoro was strong opposition In tho prosont day to rollgion, but this was not altogether a bad sign/ Hon did not attach much importance to a thing that had gono by. There was at tbo present time great earnestness about religion, aua groat opposition to it. Ho was pleased to boo that tho two leading churches in tho district wore now well filled. Ono thing had struck him sinco ho had re turned to tho district. -Tim young people lio know ; wliou in tho district beforo had now grown to be mon aud women. 'As boys and girls they had takon a groat intorcab in rollgion, and now that thoy wore grown up ho hopod thoy would do tbo same. ouuuiu u« ruuuitt iu wu uuuius usu o ivuk« , it was his siucoro praypr and enrneat hope that thoso who nroro now boys aud girls would then bo taking a loading part iu tbo church, and helping forward its prosperity. « : Tho uoxfc Item on tho programme was a solo , by- Mrs. Qoslott, which was effootlvoly roiidored. ' ' Tho Bcr. Mr. Poolo; of Wangaratto, was tho noxt to spook, and said that tho most conBOrvativo per sona wero constrained at times to: ho inconsistent to thoir own principles. Thoy, had spokon against tea meetings times without numbor, and -yot woro, glad to partake together ''of tho cup which cheers, hut not inebriates," at a gathoriug' such as thoy had had tluit evening. Tho sneakor then went on to comnaro tho advantages of lea against alcohol. . ' Mr. Hodgson sang " The Mountebank,", and wos> loudly applauded. . Tho chairman then called upon His Lordship tho Bishop to'addross tho mooting. His Lordship tho Bishop, who was received with loud applause, said ho intended to speak on n grava subject, and would address tho cldorly portion of ;tbo assemblage. Ho hoped tho childrou In tho gal- .lory would bsiiavo thomsclvos ; they, had not been doing that vory well so .far, and their couduct re- minded him of au anecdote ho had heard. 1 An actor once was greatly annoyed by two vulgar pcoplo who would persist in talking during the progress of n play. Tho notor stopped, looked at :lhcin, and saiu I fear, sir, and madam, that I am interrupting your couvoraation." Tho speaker hopod ho would not interrupt tho conversation of the youths iu tho gallery. Ho intended to speak on ono of tho most important matters conuccted with \- thoir religion ; it was an essential subject, nud . Christianity hod to answer it with ite life. Ho re ferred to tho resurrootiou of tlio Lord Jesus Christ. If man did not accept that ho did not accopt tho religion of tho apostles. This was ono of tho most important of religious questions, and questions of timo and otcrnity came liomc to men in tho prcsoot day with vital interest. In tho first place ho would ask what oviJonco was thcro to sustain tho fact of tho rosurrootlon ? It had been bollcvcd sinco Christianity calno into tbo world; If mon denied tho resurrootiou, how could thoy explain that forco itluidbxcyted'in tho' world for iocnturios. Mauy had tried to" explain 'this matter away. ' Strauss accounted for it in this manner : Joauo Christ lived and taught so beautifully that no man could regard his tenoning' without lovo. Ho gathored around ltira a band of admirers. Thoy looked in tho Old Testament for the oharaotoriatlcs' of tho Mosalah, and invcutcd littio stories about Jesus which made him do and say just what tho Messiah should do and sny. Theso stories formed tho miraculous part of tho Bible. This lino of argument, tbo speaker said, was untonablo, for it affirmed that a numbor of ignorant men invented stories that, so oxnotly fitted tbo real history of tho real Jesus thnt thoy mado a robo woven throughout without a single scam ; thoy mado a diamond of tho first water without a spot. If ignoraut men could do thls.it was a greater miracle than that of tho resurrection itself. It was impossible for mon to invont stories which fitted so exactly. Anothor pliilosophor had enld that Jesus Christ was a sweet-tempo rod gentle- man, who at last descended to an aot of deception to inako pcoplo bcliovo ho had rioon from tho grave. Thnt tho resurrection of Christ could be baiit on a lio, tho speaker said, was preposterous. All human menus to account for tho miracle3 in tho Bible wero failuroa. Fivo and twonty yonrs, at tho ontsido, aftor his Master's death, Paul deolarcdthnt Christ had appeared after His crucifixion to numbors of his followers. Scoptics, who put tho gospel through tbo aloinbio of a flory criticism, hiul been forced to admit that Paul preached this. It was allowed ou all hands that tho apostles of Jesns believed thoy saw Ilitn after death. Aftor Christ died on tlio cross ho ojipcnred to his disciples, not as a -fiittiug shadow, not as a ghost, not in a darkened room, aud did they think that uum who regenerated tho world would lio nhout (ho matter P Homo mon had tried to account for ChrlnL'ti ruimrrcotion iu thin way. Ho might not linvo bean really dead, and may liavo waudorod forth from his uupulchro, and liavo nppoared to his disciples. Thin, howovor, was easily explaluod away. Beforo his crucifixion Christ fainted ; after that ho was crucified, and hung ou tho cross uutil ho was dead to tho appcar- anco of ill mcu nroacnt. Blood aud water fiowed from tho wound in his side. Could a man, weak and faint, havo inoved tbo stone from tho mouth of tho scpulohro P Could ho havo walked front - Joru- salont to'Eminaua? Wltoro was tho Lord Jesus tho 40 days, during which timo ho appeared to tho disciples at intervals? "Was ho in disgniso or hidiug himself ? Supposo ho could do such a thing, wltoro did ho go to at tho and of that ported ? His disciples caiuo forth, and said their Master luvd gouo tohcavon, and if ho had not, wltoro wan hoP Borao pcoplo doubted tho resurrection, becauso thoy cottceivcd it to bo nu hoisted fact, aud to show that this was not. the caso ho would bt-lolly refer to circumntancos hoforc aud after Christ's death, but closoly coutioctcd with it. Ho would ask flrat— Wliatwout beforo H Tho Blblo says sin la tho sting of death. Thoy know uo ntatt would be afraid to ate if ho oxpeoted to moulder to dust. From this wo deduced that sin gavo to death its sting. If wo beliovod that a man could cennuor sin, wo must conoludo ho could conquer death an well. Did Jesus Christ conquor sin P In tho Blblo wo read of tho lifo ho lived, and wo find that lio had no couBciouimoBQ of oin. Tlmt woo a significant faot. Ho novor said " Forgive mo my tronpuonoo,'' but taught us to say " Forgive us our tresiwiBseo. Ho was tho ouly Ono that ovor lived without con sciousness of sin. For a person uot to bo conscious of sin when qin oxintpd wao to exhibit moral obtuno- neno. .If Christ sinned, aud had no conocteuflucaa of it, ho must havo boon woroo than tho Rood men of tho present day; But it wno inonstrous to oui>- pooothis. It was. a logical sequence that Christ ' wan aboolutoiy f rco from sin. It was monstrous to think Christ was worso than tho good men amongst us. If thoy beliovod Jcsua was sinlcso thoy could conclude that a slnloas . life ended with a vis- Itory ovor dditbs rrtion to take tho rcsurroctlon with what followed. Tlio disciples left Christ to bo bfiriod by strfingor hands. Thnt sepulchre was cn- f closod by n great stono, and a seal attached, and a I guard placed thoro to watch. Tho disciples evi dently beliovod tlmlr Master dead. Somo good women wont to Christ's gravo as tho groy dawn of of nn Easter morning was breaking but thoy did so to embalm tho body of tho Bariour thoy loved. Two dlsciplea wore on thoir way to Emmans and Christ appeared to them, when ouo said " But wo trusted tlint it had I icon lio which should havo reuooincd Isrnol." Tlicso dlaclnlcs elcariy thought that Olirint was dead. Forty (lays afterwards tbo timid and ignoraut disciples of Christ camo forth and prcnclipd Him to tno world an ite Saviour. Thoy Woro full of lifo find onorgy, mid dolled tho . rillorS to put them down. Thoy oxortod a mightier infiuonco than any other body of man havo ovor dono in tho world. Tho lira breathed by tho apostles has gouo on and on through centuries, and lias regenerated tho world. Whoro did this lifo oomofromP It was tho life of Jesus. Could mon who bollovcd their master had monldored- to dust havo boon inspirited to such works. If so, tho groat thiugs thoy had! nccomplisltod, aud tho infiuonco thoy oxortod ovor tho uulvorso was tho most insoluble enigma over, submitted to man. Considering all .tho.- -facts thoy mnst -lod us to- nay that tho resurrootiou was notunHkoty.butprobablo. IiiBtoad of n hinilrnnco to faith it was a holp to i.t. Tho :Bpenkor stood boforo thom hollaring tl-.o resurrection of Christ had boon affirmed. Ho was tho rcsurroctlon and' tho Hfo." Going Into tlio world wo find thousands of mon whoso hearts had boon changed, ennobled, nmldignlflod by tbo lifo of Jesus. Oar Saviour was tho resurrootiou and tho lifo. and mou sliould not despair. Hus bands and wives would bo comforted in tuo thought that thoir love would hot bo broken whon It wan moat (tondor i for God. who had put tho liopo of immortality In men's heart, had answorod it by eondlug his son to dia to soouro for us Ucavon lioro- after. Ho would concludo with tho words of tho apostlo, "Thanka bo-to God which glvoth ns tho victory through Jesus Christ car Lord." Tho spcakor sat down amidst loud applauso, and tho ahalrman called upon Miss Itnht to slug o solo, which was offaotivoly given. Hiss Buo did full jnstlco to tlio favourite song "Comln' thro tho ro" and blr. J, 0. Loslio sang, " Tho death of Mr. Joioph Poarco movod a voto of thanks to His Lordship tno Bishop. Uo was vory pleased with tho subject His Lordship had . choson for thqt oronint s address. They had expected much and 'bad not boon disappointed, Tho committoo also wiahod to , oxpross thoir gratification that Mrs; Moorlteuso' had accompanied tho Bishop, on his visit. ' Mr. T. Rsovo seconded tho motion, and sold thoy had all groatly appreciated His Lordshlns address, and haa folt tho power of his forciblo remarks. inoy wonm uxa mm 10 yibil uiom oiumor. His Lordship la response, 'said bo folt muoh obliged for tbo kindness that had beoa rondorod to 1dm. It had boon said that if you wishodto touch a man's feelings praise his wife; It was not often tio heard his wlfo praised In publio, Ho ono know.horoxoolloncio3 so wall as himself,' and that was a poiutthoy eonld not say too much upon. A man's work in his position wonfd bo vory impor- footly dono indeed without a wifo. > Mr. LouIb Lo Gould proposed a voto of thanks to tbo ladles and gentlemen who luul ontortaiucd thom that evening, also to tbo ladios who bad waited at thotca- tablusandtfaochairmun. . i' Mr. Bobort Burrowes socoudod tbo motion with a f ow suitable remarks. It was carried with aecla- tloa. A vote of thanks was passed to tlio doeorativo committoo on tho motion of Mr. Martin, , after wliloh tho Hational Authom was sung, aud tho pro- ceodlogi which liad boou most onjoyablo through out terminated. Tho coininittco of inanagcraent desorves great credit for tho oxcollent manuer in which tho arrangements woro raado and perfected, and whore all mcmbors worked so well It would bo nnwiso to siugle oat. any partictflar ono for special praise. 