Bathurst. NOTBMBEE 19. The bazaar in aid of the debt on the School of Arts hall proved a most successful undertaking. The weather, upon which eo much depends in these matters, turned out fine, except on the last day, when rain fell heavily. But most of the money had been taken, by that time, and, as it cleared up at night, there was no diminution in the attendance, which was well maintained through out. The total amount of money realised was about £1050, and as the expenses were under £100, a very respectable sum will be handed to the School of Arts committee. The amouut which they hope to receive irom government as suusiay, ius. in we is, 'will enable them to pay off the balance of the existing debt. This result is most gratifying, since the committee contemplate further improvements in connection with the institution, and' they could not very well incur a fresh debt without having the old one paid off. When first the additions and alterations in the hall were proposed, they met with some opposition, but the more sanguine of the committee carried the day, and apart from the large sum just made out of the bazaar, and the consequent reduction of the liabilities of the committee, there iB iio doubt that circumstances nave quite justified the expenditure entailed. The amount spent was something like £1600 : but this had the effect of converting a huge, heavy-looking ball into a bright attractive little theatre— with a dress circle capable of accommodating 300 people, and space altogether for about 1000 or 1200. It is a splendid place of entertainment, and would do credit to any city in the colony. The Luther celebration in Bathurst took the shape ot a public ?.meeting, which was held in the School of Arts hall on Tuesday night last. The Mayor (Mr. F. Halliday, J.V.), presided, and there were between six and eight hundred people present. Ti»e platform was occupied by a number of Protestant ministers of .different denominations, and a combined choir from the various churches. The meeting was a capital one, and the speakers could find no fault with the audience, who listened with attention to all that was said. It cannot be said, however, that the speccheb generally were of a hiph class. One or two were, but most of the re6t might have been boiled down to a very small compass, and not suffered much bv the process. The Hons. £. Webb and W. H. Buttor were the principal laymen on the platform. The sports on the 9th November were the biggest thing of the kind attempted in Bathurst. The £100 handicap attracted com petitors from many parts of the colony, and several of them gave ain excellent exhibition of running. There were nearly 4000 persons on the Agricultural Association's Ground, where the event was contested, and besides the races several side- shows were pro vided, as well as the Guild Band, which did a very industrious day's work. The handicap resulted as follows :— M. Hyam, Shoalhaven, 18 yards, 1st prize, £00 ; C. Bray, Casino, 14 yards, 2nd prize, £20; R. Kidney, Trunkey, 18 yards, 3rd prize, £15 ; H. Lane, Orange, 12 yards, 4th prize, £5. It produced altogether 12 heats, and the 'excitement ran high before the ' final ' was contested, lor Bray and Hyam were both favour itcs, and the ottier two men had run well, so that right up to the last there was no certainty about the result. Biay was considered the fastest man amongst them from scratch, but Hyam (who had defeated Bundaburra Tommy, and thereby proved himself a *' goer ') had four yards from him, and it was felt that the race between them would be a close one. They got away evenly, and having settled Kidney's pretensions, Hyam came on with a 6trong lead. At half way he found time to look round to ascertain where his most dangerous rival was, and; finding him approaching, pegged away. It waB fortunate tor him that he lost none of his distance, as Bray came up inch by inch, gaining f ully three yards within the last fifty, and only losing- by a stride. Hyam has beautiful style, and was altogether too frmart a man to get 18 yards start in such a distance as 140 yards. Both he and others were far too libeially dealt with, and 12 or 13 yards should have been the limit. If a man can't get a snow in J4O yards without receiving a start of 18 or 20, he has no light to a place amongst first-class pedestrians, and to allow such concessions 1b simply to put good men aside for the sake of outsiders. Of course the difficulty i* to obtain a correct knowledge of a man's real ability, but it would be a Bafe rule to say that nobody in such a race as that named should have more than a dozen yards start, and only that much when a runner is known to be slow. Under the plan that was adopted, none of the scratch men had the ghost of a show. A 10-guinea silver cup was offered for competition among amateurs, and was won by a young man named Humphries, who is a railway employee. A maiden plate and other events wound up an interest ing day's amusement. The only fault to be found was in the management, which did not provide for the proper ' clearing of the course,' and allowed the spectators to push forward and incon venience the officials. The promoters arc said to have done handsomely out of the speculation. A cricket team, representing the united Banks of Sydney, played against Bathurst on 9th November, and were defeated easily. A Dubbo eleven came down to play next day, but it rained in torrents, and the match fell through. There is some talk of the local club sending an eleven to Sydney at Christmas, and this done, they will play one match against Goulburn and another against a Sydney dub. On Thursday night, the stable and outbuildings at Llanarth (the residence of the Hon. J. Smith, M.L.C.), were destroyed by fire. Mrs. Smith and two of her daughters (Mrs. Holt and Mrs. Barton) were in the house, and about half-past 9 they were alaimcd by cries of fire. In a very short time the stable was one mass of flames, and as nothing could be done to save that and the adjoining buildings, the efforts of those who were attracted to the spot, were.directed to saving the main building. This object was accomplished; but notwithstanding the damage done was con siderable, being estimated at £1200. In one of the outhouses was stored a quantity of jewellery and other valuable articles, which bad recently been brought from England. 