VICTORIAN MEMS. Warrnambool people are becoming scared of coolie labor. Melbourne people are anxious for a newgeneral cemetery. Five of Ivo Bligh's team have gone lloiao by the Parramatta. There has been a rapid rise in the value of property in St. Kilda. Mr. James Gilbert is to supply a statue of the late Sir Redmond Barry tor £1500. The Mutual Store in Melbourne pays a 20 1-3 per cent, dividend for the half-year. Several mallee ruubolders have been com-, pelled to clear out—eaten out by rabbits. The Masonic banquet given in honor of Sib- W. J. Clarke last week at Ballarat was lugely.- attended. £100,000 worth of 5 per cent, debentures, issued by the Melbourne Gas Co. have been, taken at par. Melbourne furDiture-maunfacmrers are devising schemes to protect themselves against, their workmen. A Smeaton miner was drinking some beer when he discovered a lizard in the bottle he was drinking from. In a double rise pigeon match at Sale, Mr. George Carpenter, of Heyfield, killed his two birds with one shot. Michele, a Greek, who beat his wife to death, has been committed for trial by the Emerald Hill bench. The Melbourne Police Oommission recommends the total abolition of the detective force, as at present constituted. Sixty-five residents of Hotham have successfully petitioned against granting the twihall to Messrs. Redmond. Melbourne will shortly be joined to Camperdown by rail. Camperdown is about the-, prettiest village of Victoria. Mr. Luplau has abandoned the contemplated proceedings against the return of the.- Speaker (Mr. Lalor) for Grant. Half a brick was flung at the train between. Prahran and South Yarra. The thrower was. disappointed, as no harm was done. The association asked to report as to thecost of the representation ol the colony at the- Calcutta Exhibition estimates it at £5500. At the inquiry into the wreck of the Macepon, the court decided there was no evidence to justify a specific charge against Captain Craig. The Kerang shire council have dismissed their rabbit inspectors. The ratepayers consider them useless and a burden on the shire- 1 funds. During a late thunderstorm at Durham Ox a team of ten bullocks were working in a field when a flash of lightning killed seven of theni on the spot. Clearing-out sales of family property are om the increase in the Boort and "Wychitella districts. The average price of land is front £2 to £2 5s. A lad named Kerr was driving a horse and' dray at Bairnsdale last week, when the horeo bolted and capsized the dray, killing the lad. instantaneouslv. The bowling match between the New South' Wales and Ballarat teams was won by Ballarat, the scores being—Ballarat, 115 : New South Wales, 87. The tailoresses' dispute in Melbourne is not yet ended. It never will be ended till half the tailoresses quit needle and scissors for broom and washtnb. The Melbourne police intend to proceed against" Captain " -William Shepherd, of the Salvation Army, for having committed a breach of the peace. - Patrick Golding, 17 years of age, was accidentally poisoned at Emerald Hill on Saturday.,sight. His father, a laborer, gave him by mistake a lotion for a draught The Melbourne Woollen Company has decided to issue the balance of the unallotted shares', amounting to £11,140, in preferential share?, bearing interest at 7 per cent. A petition has been sent to the Governor praying for the commutation of the life sentence passed on Bertrand the murderer, who has already served nearly twenty years. In his inaugural address at the opening of the Melbourne Theological Hull session, Dr. M'Douald sought to reconcile the teachings of physical science with those of revelation. 'The annual "commencement" of the Melbourne University took place on Saturday in the new Wilson Hall, which was used for the first time. About 1000 persons were present. The rates charged by the Railway Department for the conveyance of bay and straw, are considered by farmers to be exorbitant. The Government will be asked to make a reduction shortly. Miss Emelie Melville has been called upon to show cause why a new trial should not be granted of the action recently brought by her against Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. Mr. Julian Thomas, "The Vagabond," is editing the AU-nalions Fair Gazette, published in connection with the bazaar now being beld in Melbourne in aid of Christ Church building fund. A young man named Robert Catherwood has been committed for trial at Talbot on a charge of writing threatening letters to and threatening to take the life of Mr. Bartlemore, J.P. Mr. Gillies says the Government will try to meet the reasonable expectations of the constituencies in regard to railways, but the gigantic scheme of the late Ministry will not be undertaken. The Argue and Australasian annual picnic -was held on the Caulfield Racecourse on Saturday. About 700 were present. The weather was idelightful, and an exceedingly pleasant day was spent. It is believed in commercial circles in Eogglahd that the system of subsidising mail steamers will shortly be re-considered by the Government with a view to the discontinuance of such subsidies. Mr. Edward George Edward*, lately Acting Crown Solicitor of Queensland, died in Melbourne on Saturday while returning from Tasmania, where he had been staying for the benefit of his health. The good.people of Buninyong, annoyed that their representatives were not awarded a prize at the Sandhurst Fire Brigades' Demonstration, burnt the effigy of Captain Hennah and one of the judges in daylight At the City Court, Melbourne, Adolph Behrens was fined 10 guineas, with 10 guineas costs, for having unlawfully used a box at the post-office for receiving money for a " sweep" known as " Progress." The rain at Geelong last week exposed the skull of a deceased aboriginal in a right-ofway. The remainder of the skeleton was left below the ground and the skull was removed to the public library. A " friendly row" in Melbourne. Maddox, who closed and fell with Bowes, got his finger in hia mouth aud almost bit it off; whereupon Bowes retaliated by biting off almost the whole of Maddox's left ear. Five claims have been received by the Railway Department from persons who were injured in the recent accident at Clunes, but the claimants have not stated the amounts of com- pensation they consider themselves entitled to. There appears to be plenty of scholarships at Victorian colleges for industrious students. At the Ormond College there are three now open—the Ormond, the Hamilton, and Cairns —•while at Trinity College there are three vacant. In the Melbourne County Court Judge Cope gave a verdict for £20 in favor of William Silk, a bricklayer's labnrcr, who had sued Senior-constable Maguire for £50 damages for having stated that plaintiff was a convicted tbiet „ . A notorious rough named John Hartington was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment by the Emerald Hill Bench for insulting behaviour and assaulting a constable, and he was further ordered to find securities to keep the peace for 12 months. An official return shows that last year 71 persons who had previously resided in South Australia had applied for selections of land representing an area of 20,273 acres in the Wimmera district; 59 of the applications, representing 16,653 acres, were granted. The residents of Footscray will proceed against Messrs. Blyth and Co., of the bone ni'lls, for carrying on an obnoxious trade. The nuisance caused by the fumes is so great that s petition wasgotup to the local board of health, signed by 700, but the board refused to take any action. An important discovery was made in the Oriental Company's claim, Stawell, on the 22nd ult. Stone was obtained in the floor of the drive 1600ft. from the surface, showing rich gold. It is thought to be an altogether new line of reef. Considerable excitement prevails. A hydra-headed monster is now in the possession of Mr. Hotton, of Cheviot Hills, in the shape of a young carpet snake with two heads. The reptileIB only about fifteen or eighteen inches in length, and its neck bifurcates about an inch or so below the twe heads, which are well- defined. Dr. Beaney, one of the representatives for the North Tarra Province in the Legislative Council, entertained his various election committees, together with a number of his personal friends, at a banquet held on Monday night in the Fitzroy Town-halL The company numbered about 400. Pigeons are in such demand in the colony at present that it appears strange, according to a contemporary, the breeding of these birds is not more extensively carried on. At the late contests of the Gippsland Gun Club, £30 worth of pigeons were destroyed, the price paid being 3s. 6d. per pair. During the recent holidays the barrier system has been again introduced at all the stations on the Victorian railways. Tbe results throughout have been so satisfactory that the officials have a doubt as to whether, under ordinary circumstances, tbe great traffic could have been satisfactorily dealt with. A resident of Clunes claims to have discovered in the neighborhood of Smeaton, in the direction of Daylesford, a valuable deposit of metals, the principal being tin. This he discovered whilst surface prospecting last week. The deposit includes copper, iron, and platina. The find is said to be on private property. The Ballarat Star gives an instance of liberality and patriotism which tbe sons of Scotia will appreciate. Mr. Dugald M'Pherson, the chief of the Ballarat and Buninyong United Caledonian Society, has offered to send to Scotland, at his own expense, for 50 kilts in which to array some of his stalwart brethren. A woman named Bourdoff has been committed for trial at Stawell for having tried to burn down tbe hotel occupied by herself and her husband, and insured for £600. The hotel was actually set on fire, but slight damage waB done. Some rags saturated with kerosene were found in one of the rooms of the building. The plaintiff in the recent libel action Be Mestre v. Syme, proprietor of the Leader, applied for a new trial on the grounds that the veTdict was againBt the evidence, and that the judge misdirected the jury in leaving it to them to say whether or not the alleged libel was a " fair comment." The application was refused. Mr. James Thomson, minutes' secretary of the Tariff Commission, has been appointed by the Cabinet secretary to tbe Calcutta Exhibition Commission. The chairmanship of the commission will be offered to Mr. Bosisto, M.L.A. The sura of £5000 is to be placed the estimates to meet the expenses of the commission. James Littler, who has served various sentences in New South Wales, has been arrested for being illegally at large in Victoria. Littler and another man, who is now in gaol, came over from Sydney some time ago, and obtained money from tbe Government by falsely declaring that tbey were sufferers by the Hawthorn railway collision. Accordingtotheffceloiifl/tduortMer,ploughing well forward in the Werribee district, and in some instances sowing has already commenced. Tbe splendid rains that fell during the earlier part of the week have caused the plains to wear a delightful appearance, and there is now every prospect of abundance of grass during tbe winter. On Friday several members of the Tariff Commission and other gentlemen paid a visit to St. Hubert's vineyard, Lilydale. The visitors were informed" that there were 190 acres of land under vines, and that thirty more were being prepared. The present season has been a highly successful one, 65,000gal. of wine having been already manufactured. Have you seen the ghost I" is i _ jut by residents in the vicinity of the Moreand-road, between Brunswick and Coburg. It arises from the fact that within the past few nights some idiotic person has taken it into head to enrol himself in a 6heet, and during the absence of any of the male sex walk about aud frighten women and children. It is authoritatively stated that 500 more coolies are now on their way to Victoria. There is much talk about this infiux of coolie labor, and some alarm is felt at the growing feeling of the large farmers in the Western district in favor of the employment of coolies. Their introduction into the colony is much condemned, and will likely form the subject of an agitation. At the quarterly meeting of the Ballarat East Wesleyan circuit last week it was ulmost unanimously resolved—" That this meeting disapproves of the action of the "Wesleyan Conference in Melbourne re the introduction of Bibl" reading into State-schools, as being diametrically opposed to the principles ot our national system of education, and injurious to our church harmony." From the Ballarat Star we learn that the second-class carriages recently imported from England have been turned" into first class carriages by the Railway Department, doubtless acting under the "commercial principles so widely attributed to the late Minister of Railways. Panels with the words " first class painted thereon have been screwed over the " second class" on the doors of the carriages. The latest phase of Melbourne life is a family of Egyptians who have established themselves in the front rank of mendicants, and travel around the town soliciting alms. One of the women belonging to the party settled down the other day at St. Patrick's Cathedral, and appealed to the charitably- disposed for " backsheesh," and made a fairly good thing out of it. Europeans are " run in" for a similar offence. " Theophrastus," in the Sydney Echo, writes: —" Now we know that the failure of Captain Standish's efficiency as Commissioner ot Police was due to failure of his brain-power, and that in effect he had been mentally decaying these fourvears. It is reallv sad to think that a man should be the Bul'ject of bitter animadversion when he was suffering only from disease. But then who is to kuow it, or how is it to be known ?" It has been ascertained tbat the total cost of eradicating the phylloxera from Victoria will be about £23,000. This is to be borne in equal proportions by Victoria, South Australia, and New South Wales, an understanding to that effect having been arrived at. The Governments of the two sister colonieB have been furnished with the claims of the Treasury in connection with the work, but they have not yet liquidated them. Numerous applications have been received r the Lands D.-jiartment lor land near Sale, Gippsland, and in blocks known as morass lands. The local land officer has reported that the land is of such a character that if people were allowed to take it up, they would not be able to carry out tbe conditions of their lease. Mr. Tucker has decided to pay the locality a visit shortly, in order tbat he may become personally acquainted with the matter. The police in Melbourne have received instructions to proceed against tbe leaders of tbe Salvation Army if they refuse to move when called upon to do so. These orders have been given in constquenci of the annoyance caused by the army to private citizen?. Tbe band baited opposite Mr. Ling's drug shop in Bourke street, and although entreated by Mrs. Long to leave, as her daughter was dving, they refused, and made more noise. There is, writes the Geelong Advertiser, at present being organised in Melbourne a football association to be known as the Pivotonians. It will be composed entirely of natives of this town, and the project has, we learn, been taken up so warmly that already 60 members have been enrolled (of whom 40 have paid up their subscriptions), whilst a contingent of fully 30 is expected to come from Emerald-hill. We wish the club every success in the field. Some coiuicil letters are received at the various Government departments from applicants for " a billet." A recent request to a Minister is for " a position in your works, sir, or anything else that would be suitable for me." No hint is supplied as to what the ipplicant thinks what would be " Bistable for him," and as for furnishing any information as to what he tbinks be might be suitahle for, that does not enter into his calculations at all At the intercolonial conference of suiveyois it was decided that the members of the profession in the Australian colonies should be federated, aud that there should be a uniform code of rules for the institute ol surveyors in Australia. A committee consisting of one Government officer aud one private surveyor representing each of the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and New Zealand, was appointed to draft a uniform code and deal with other matters. The Agent-General having advised the Colonial Treasurer by telegraph tbat the present is an opportune time for floating a loan to redeem the first instalment of the public debt of the colony, which falls due on the 1st of October next, preparations have been made to issue debentures for the sum of £2,000,000. The amount to be retired is £3,800,000 ; but when the last loan was floated an undertaking was entered into not to float above £2,000,000 additional this year. A baby show was held at Ballarat ou Good Friday, tbe prize being a peliEse valued at £5 5s., the gift of Mr. H. Gardiner. Forty babies, under the guardianship of their mothers, were presented for competition, Dr. Jermyu per. forming the difficult functions of judge. Alter a careful inspection of the various merits c the respective children, Dr. Jerinyn declared c tie between seven. The mothers then drew lots for tbe priz-f, which ultimately fell to child oi Mrs. Davey. Another old colonist, in the person of Mr- David Armstrong, has passed from our midst The deceased gentleman came to Victoria tbe year 1839, was made a justice of the peace by Governor Latrobe, aud was one of the first appointed goldfielJ commissioners. When the sanatorium was established at Williamstown was appointed to take charge of it, but about five months since he was taken ill, and was subsequently removed to the Melbourne hospital, where he died. Mr. Richard Baker, M.L.A. for Wimmera, while inspecting the mine of the New Disc jvery Companv, at Beaulort, on Saturday, as visiting director "in the company, with Mr. Fisher, the mining manager, fell down a shoot, a distance of some 27 ft. Sometime elapsed beforehe could be got out, and it was fully half an hour before he -was brought to the surface. He was at once driven to the railway station, and taken to Ballarat to his home, where he at present lies in a very precarious condition. The following comes to us apropos of the late elections. A certain popular politician was strongly urged to contest a minor country constituency. He demurred risking the election, on the ground that he had ho time to visit the district. "No matter," replied his friends, " you need not go at all ; they'll vote for you to a man." " But," was the rejoinder, " I don't believe tbat any of lite electors there ever saw me." " That makes no difference," was the reply ; " they have seen the other fellow." A candidate at a recent competitive examination was asked " Who was Esau ?" He replied, " Esau was a man who wrote fables, and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potaBh!'' Another candidate was told to write what he knew of Wolsey. His answer was unique :—" Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, ' Ab, if I bad only served you as you have served me, I would not have been . old age !'" A very striking instance has recently occurred in Melbourne showing the practical value of the surrender clause in connection with life assurance. J. R. took out a policy for £200 in one of tbe local mutual life assurance societies in February, 1872, and paid his premiums regulaily until February, 1880. He committed suicide in February, 1883, and although no premiums had been paid for tbr-e years, the policy was maintained in full force and effect out of the surrender value and bonus. At the Yarrawonga police court last week, Henry William Ralston was chargid with having committed an unatural offence. The case was heard with closed doors, aud the prisoner was committed for trial at the Shepparton Assizes, to be held on the 1st May next. Arthur Ashmore was proceeded against oft an information lodged by Detective Lomax, for having embezzled £8 of the moneys collected by him as a member of the staff at the local telegraph office. He was likewise committed for trial at the Shepparton Assizes. The Victorian representative at the Calcutta Exhibition, tbe Bendigo Advertiser urges, should find among his instructions a request to make himself practically acquainted with the present state of the gold- mining industry and its future prospects in that country. This information will be of great importance to those employed in Australian mining, and will be eagerly looked for by the men who by their energy and perseverance have placed goldfinding in the position it holds to-day as the foremost industry ot Austialia. An attempt was made on Saturday night to upset the last train from Melbourne to Sale. On leaving Rosedale, tbe enginedriver felt the train go over some obstruction, and having pulled up his engine, he went back and found a log of wood jammed between the points in such a position that it must have been placed there purposely. The traiu having just left the station, was fortunately proceeding very slowly. If it had been travelling ot rapid speed, the train must have been thrown off the line. The passengers were greatly alarmed. The Bishop of Melbourne delivered an eloquent address at tbe Fitzroy Town-hall last the introduction of the Bible into State'ecbools. The hall, which is a very commodious one was crowded with ladies and gentlemen, who by their rapt attention during the delivery of the address, manifested their deep interest in tbe subject. Upon a motion affirming the desirability of introducing the Bible into State Bchools being put, anegative amendment was moved, but not seconded. Only some twenty hands was held up against the iginal motion, which was declared carried. The Clunes juvenile Industrial Exhibition, to be opened ou 22ud May, promises to be a success. Amongst the entries already to hand several unique specimens of mechanism, and a number of very ingenious models in connection with mining. Some of tbe competitive articles are from British India and the South Sea Islands. Should all the entries promised be forthcoming tbe difficulty will be in finding room for tiiem. Altogether the exhibition should be a very attractive one, and iqual in point of interest to preceding exhitions of the kind in Ballarat, Geelong, and Melbourne. Wood pavement is pronounced by the Melbourne city fathers to be a success, upon the strength of tbe experimental block winch has been laid down for several months at the intersection of Collins and Swanston streets, near the Town Hall. The proposal, however, to expend £100,000 in additional laying down of this kind of paving is not received by the average Melbourne ratepayers with a large degree of enthusiasm, as the falls witnessed among the cab horses after every shower of rain are suggestive of anything but safety. As wood paving necessitates similar "sharping" ol the horses' shoes required on ice, the farriers all like it. 