UIIAPTEIL XXIV.-ADELAIDE AND DIONETTA. "Dionetta." "Yes, my lady." The maid and her mistress wore in Ado laido's dressing-room, and Dionetta was brushing her lady's hair, which hung down in rich heavy waves. The Advo cate's wife was proud of her hair, and often wished it were the fashion to wear it loose, so that she might prove to men women, of course, did not need the proof : they could see with half an eye, as the t saying is-that she had no occasion to call in the aid of art. It took five years off a her ago when her hair hung over her shoulders as it was doing now. She smiled at herself in the glass before which she was sitting, and her smile became c more joyous as sheo noted the whiteness of her tooth and the beautiful expression ] of her mouth. She was never tired of admiring her beauty ; it was to her a moat precious possession, of which nothing could rob her but time. The idea of t growing old was so repugnant to her that I she thought of it as little as possible. I " To-day is mine," she frequently said to herself, and she had once said to Arthur Ba'combe that she wished with all her Iheart there were no to-morrow. Yes, to day was hers, and she was beautiful, and, gazing at the reflection of her fair self, she thought that she did not look more than eighteen. " Do you think Ido, child i" she asked of Dionetta. "Think you do what, my lady 1" in. I quired Dionetta. Adelaide laughed, a musical, child-like laugh, which a man hearing would have judged to be an expression of pure, inno cent delight. She derived pleasure even from this pleasant sound. "I was thinking to myself, and I be- I lieved I was speaking aloud. Do you think I look twventy-five i " "But you are not so old, my lady." "No, and I don't look it, do I, Dio. notta 1" "No, indeed, my lady, not by many years. You look younger than I do." "And you are not eighteen, Dionetta." "Not yet, my lady." It was really true, and Adelaide's eyes sparkled asleho recognised it. She looked younger than her maid, who was in her self a beauty and young-looking. Cer tainly at the particular moment Dionetta's face was very pale, and there was a frightened look in her eyes, but that would count for very little. " If Arthur could see me now I " she thought, and sighed happily at the wish. "If suddenly in the glashe should appear, standing in the doorway, gazing at me." Her white arms were bare, and her dressine-gown had fallen from her shoulders. What matter.' IHer arms and neck were bare when she was dressed. But she knew that the pre sentment of herself, as she sat before the glass, would have been, in his eyes, infinitely more attractive than her ap pearance in evening costume. "I wonder why it should be so," she thought, and smiled again at herself for the wondering, as if she did not know why it should be so. "I would close my eyes and pretend not to see him, and he would not move for fear of disturbing me. But if lie did happen to take courage, and thinking I was asleep, steal softly into the room. Why, then there would be this stupid Dionetta screaming out all of a sudden, and there would be nothing but conflsion and worry. It is a wicked, wicked shame that we can't do exactly as we like in this world. I wish I had the ordering of things." "Dionetta," she said aloud, "I have had a little dream." "I saw you close your eyes for a moment, my lady." "1 dreamt I was the most beautiful woinan in all the wide world." "You are, my lady." The words were uttered in perfect lhonesty and simplicity. Her mistress was truly the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. "Nonsense, child, nonsense. There aro others as fair, although I should not fear to stand beside them. It was only a dream, and this but the commencement of it. 1 was the most beautiful woman in the world. I am not a poet, and can not properly describe myself; nor a painter, else I could show you myself on canvas. I had the handsomest features, the loveliest figure, and a shape that sculptors would have called perfection. Then I had the moat exquisito dresses that ever were worn, and overything in that way a woman's heart could desiro-" "A happy dream, my lady." "Wait. I had a palace to live in, in a land where it was summer the whole year through. Such gardous, Dionetta ; and such flowers as oneo only sees in dreams ! I had rings ouough to cover my fingers a dozen times over; diamonds in profusion for my hair, and neck, an I arms ; trunks full of them and of old lace, and of tihe most wonderful jewels the mind can con cove. Would on believe it, child, in spite of all this I was the most miserable woman in the universe 1" " It is hard to believe, my lady." "Not when I toll you the reason, Dionetta. I was absolutely alone. There was not a single person near me, old or young ; not one to look at me, to envy me, :to admire me-to love me. What was the use of beauty, diamonds, flowers, dresses ? The brightest eyes, tie lovreliest complexion, the whitest skin-all were thrown away. It would have been just as well if I had been dressed in rags, and wore old and wrinkled, like Pierre Lament. Now what I learn from my dream is this : that beauty is not worth the having unless it is admired and loved, and unless other people can see it as well as yourself." "Everybody sees that you are beauti ful, my lady ; it is spoken of every where." "Is it, Dionettal really now, is itl" "Yea, my lady; and you are admired and loved." "1 think I am, child; I know I am. I So that my dream goes for nothing. A Sfoolish fancy, was it not, Dionetta i--buet I women are never satisfied. I should pnever be tired, never, never, of hearing the man I love say-' I love you, I love you; you are the most beautiful, the dearest, the sweetest.'" She leant for ward and looked closely at herself in the glass, anud then sank back in her chair and smiled and half closed her eyes. "Dionetta," she said presently, " what makes you so pale 1" "It is the Shadow, my lady, that was soeen to-night," replied Dionetta in a whisper. "I cannot got it out of my head." "But you did not see it." "No, my lady ; but it was there." " You believein ghosts 1" " Yes, my lady.:" "You would not have the courage to go where one was to be seen 1" 'Not for all the gold in the world, my lady." "But the other servants are more Couragoone." "They may be, but they would not dare to go ; they said so to-night, all of them." " They have boon speaking of it, then 1" "Oh yes ; of scarcely anything elso. They know whose spirit it was that ap peared." " Whose was it, child 1" "The spirit of Master Artlhur's mother." "How do they arrive at this knowledge, Dioneotta '' "Do you clot see it yourself, my lady 1 It is so very plain. For months and months, nothing has appeared. Grand mother said to-night that if you had not come to the villa the belief in the Shadows would have died away alto gother." "That is too ridiculous," interrupted Adelaide. " What can I have to do with them?" "If you had not come," said Dionetta, "grandmother said our young master would not be here. It is because ho is in the house, sleeping here for the first night for so many many years, that the spirit of his mother appeared to him." " But your grandmother has told ma she does not believe in the shadows." "My lady, I think she is changing her opinion, else she would never have said what ahoe did. It isn long since I have seen her so disturbed." Adelaide rose from her chair tile fairest picture of womanhood eyes over gazed upon, a picture an artiht would have con templated with delight. She stood still for a few moments, her hand resting on her writing-desk. " Your grandmother does not like me, Dionetta." " She has not said so, my lady, "said Dionetta, after an awkward pause. " Not directly, child," said Adelaide, "and Ihavono reason to complainof want of respect in her. But one always knows whether one is really liked or not." "She is old, my lady," murmured Dio. notta, apologetically, and has seen very little of ladies." " Neither have you, child. :Yet you do not dislike me." " My lady, if I dare to say it, I love you." "There is no daring in it, child. I love to be loved, and I would sooner be loved by the young than the old, so I must not grumble--come hero, pretty one \- your ears are like little pink shells, and deserve something better than those small rings in them, Put these in their place." She took from a jewel-case a pair of ear rings, turquoise, and small diamonds, and with her own hands made the exchange. "Oh, my lady," sighed Dionetta, with a roso- light in her face. " They are too grand for me I What shall I say when people see them ?" The girl's heart was beating quick with ecstacy. She looked at horself in the glass and uttered a cry of j0. Say that I gae them to you, because I love you. I never had a maid who pleased mo half as much. Does this prove it 1" She put her lips to Dionetta's face. The girls eyes filled with tears, and she kissed Adelaide's hand in a passion of gratitude. "I love you, Dionetta, because you love me, and because I can trust you." "You can, my lady. I will serve you with all my heart and soul. But I have done nothing for you that any other girl could not have done." " Would you like to do something for me that no other can do, that I would trust no other todo ?" "Yes, my lady," eagerly answered Dionetta. "I should be proud." "Andyou will tell no one ?" "Not a soul, my lady, if you command me." "I do command you. It is easy to do. Merely to deliver a note, and to say, 'This is from my mistress.'" " Oil, my lady, that is no task at all. It is so simple." " Simple as it is, I do not wish even your grandmother to hear of it." " She shall not-nor any person-1 swear it." In the extravagance of her gratitude and joy she kissed a little cross that hung from her neck. "You have made me you friend for life, Dionetta, the boat friend you ever had; or ever will have." She sat down to her desk, and on a shoot of note paper wrote these words: "Dear Love-I cannot sleep until 1 wish you good night, with no horrid people around us. Come to me im mediately, for one minute only. For ever and for ever,-Yours, ADELAIDE., Placing the sheet of notepaper in an envelope, she gave it to Dionetta, saying "Take this note to Mr. Balcombo's room, and give it to him. It is nothing of any importance, buthe will be pleased to re ceive it." Dionetta, marvelling why hler lady should place any value upon so slight a service, went upstairs with the note, and returned with the information that Arthur Balconmbo was not in his room. "But his door is open, my lady," she said, "and the lamps are burning." • "Go, then, again, said Adolaide," and place the note on his desk, which stands beneath my portrait. There is no harm, child; Ihe cannot see you as he is not there, and if he were, he would not bhe angry." Dionetta obeyed without fear and when she told iher mistress that the note was placed where Mr.BDslcombe was sure to see it, Adelaide kissed her again, and wished her good night. (FTo be contineeed.) 