u«rl y Wnrrlt>gU>u, ciunm I, 'Straining tiarafe 4ScorUiwi Ucpleasiflg &xzrpe;,' 'Thebb arc limits to nno' j>alfew/je / say# Sir Wilding, frowning heayjj/, Ha fe stamU ing on the hearth-rug, with his to ffeg Ore, and has taken up a distinctly MfitMtufitlg nosition. 4 To yours, certainly/ replies his dwgfefef, with a faint sneer. She is a slight girl, with H Hmm ly beautiful face, large dark <ejw/ftss$y£ eyt&i; and a mutinous mouth, £hc is f ml/iittg far head Tcry haughtily just n>W, fllvC feit defiance written in eyery curve of feer lissome figure, in every feature rf hsr perfect 4 Let us talk sense/ says Sir Wilding, iitltcr too accustomed to her irreycrenoe'hk'h U not altogether undeserved— or too ftfwUnt to notice it, 1 You must accept Ifamngt/m/ 4 Why V 4 Why / Why should you not j' 4 Why should 1 1 You have not nirtWtfgri that/ 4 For many, reasons, We are mtemddy poor, and he is the richest man we know, for one/ And the ugliest, for two f That tatefla your one, and leaves the scales as they wire before/ 4 He is a thoroughly good fellow ft# another/ says hjr Wilding, who tVAexfa George Bamngton with all Ids so.uj, 4 A late discovery/ Never mine how late, He is at feast worth a dozen such fellows as Merry/?/ 4 A still later discovery/ says jftss Hrutplf with a second sneer, ' Why, it was f.n\y ia«t night you were singing Mr, kftrvyn' praises !' 4 Be it so. Yet I desire that for the fnUtte. your acquaintance with him riwlj «ease/ 4 As we are on the subject 4 realms, fufi will perhaps give me on for this s-affew command/ says the girl, who Iras grown rather white ; hut whether from wgrr tr some dcciK'r emotion it will be dilh'.vdt b/ decide. 4 Certainly not. Why should It B.vi I shall see that I am obeyed/ Take care! I am 'not your slaw/ says she, with ilasbing eyes and coJLorlea fit,. She goes a step nearer to him, > Why am I to regard Mr, Mervyn as a stranger V 4 He is an idle unprincipled fellow# thoroughly worthless — ' And poor i interrupts she, in an im explicable tone, That has nothing to do with It, Wnttfa lessDcssis one thing, poverty nwvlfeer; mm is disreputable, the other— n— rr-m\sfnritmet 2 am jwor/ says Sir Wilding, drawing him self up with a gesture that would fee rpAtU but for something in the whole aU'fdtfa man that renders it ludicrous, if wA am tcmptihle. ilis daughter, failing, apparently, to me iuu iuuicjuus feiue o j. ji, ,iowe;> fPT fie&h; 4 1 have learned many things t£ tote <4 this Mervyn/ goes on >Sir V/ii-feng j#, Eously. >He is a mere adventurer, living om hand to mouth. The fettle property tie has here is mortgaged, J wnderstsmi tup fo the hilt. He is no lit associate partus/ 4 A very fit associate, if fee fee, as ym MVt an adventurer, Wfeat Ix-lter M&W;&V; mSt# she, throwing out her hand, »t)d touting u|>on lnm with a gesture of s.ujxrfe dfakritb In this disdain it is jmjwssjble to mUtmdef' stand that she includes feersejf, You forget yourself/ says lm fattier coldJv. She lets her hand fall to feer ride, mrdalAU tcr smile creeps over feer face, Since when have we become too feweeU able for Mr, Mervyn jf she asks, # tie altogether ruined, then J Is fee no former of any use to you at t-cantd 1 fa hfalm rtrillto gone V 4 Do not provoke we too far/ &y; fcfr Wilding, flushingdarkJy ; you are a www?# and your insult is Iwneatfe notice, Mervyn i as I found him, so far as fejs jxxkH I# eon cerned. What mischief he way inetir red at your hands is another waJfer, #?! quite your own affair, I do not sock to i'Xfe into it ; but I will have the iutiumy with him ended voir, wife not fern him cming here making love to you, f'wfeuxtwl put once for all. If he darkens wy door again ' I shall horsewhip him/ Be is the younger man; lake fa does not horsewhip you J' says Miss tlmudf in a low hut furious tone, FlorenceJ How dan you .tptafe to HPS like that?' 4 How dare you incense we as you do J Is the child to concede all to the psifiYd nothing to the child t You yaw put my nature, and now you taunt me wfefe It, What docs f?t, PauJ say/ '> i'ariav voke not your children to wrath/" Don't quote iSt, Paul to me/ aya#U' Wilding. X'iiat he is »>me»lAyt ignorant of of the New Testament /nay Im; inhifat from the fact that he does not at this moment quote back a crush)/)g text to htr, 4 Ah, you don't like home irutfes/ she triumpljantlv, 4 1 don't like iJfebrcodingln any tftape or form. When you lose your temper yoe torn your dignity ; and you also loss riywt of ttie fact that distasteful repartee always ix/ttfm on vulgarity, J At us talk sense/ With all my heart/ says Mfes IkaMfl, But if, by the sense, I am tomxktrffitxi you mean talking we info awefAitig Mr, Harrington, I tell y-ou honestly It mlthe time thrown away/ What is your objection fo him V Of course, the great objetffon U that t reaily don't care whether he he dead or atiee, One should care a little, 1 tbiuk, atmt itte man one marries, but it would lie iwi4IAe to care for him ; and he Is so ngly/ 4 Pshaw! a mere girl's fad, month after matrimony )>cauly and ngfe/ are of equal value,' 4 1 daresay. But at feast for <1# t4x months, J suppose, the beauty &mtl; for somethiug.' You are thinking of Moryyw / exclaim fee angrily. One must think of something/ . 4 Then think of Barringfem/ No, thank you. We d»sn't fait Me in the least/ You area fool 1 says feir Vfihiinymeayety, And your daughter/ /vtorts l/e# with an Irritating laugh, 'I daresay that fott of infirmity runs in the blwj. There— don't lose your tem|>er; rewewJau' your dignity nu<l your loeture of a wnnent rftmS Here it occurs to feir Wilding Had hU daughter may Jmj more Wtan a wafefeferfelm, He refrains, therefore from iwUynant re joiner, and, turning, lakes wp I he j xAser and molests the coals with » vengeance Ttie llamcs, darting up, Illumine both fae&f; m strangely like, yet so stmn&iy; aniike, There is something t wnrt fell yon Florence,' says her father at length imthiiy, He still holds the poker In Ids band in an unconscious fashion, and kecjw his face ttniH/i well away from her. If Ire Is afraid 4 any thing on earth It Is the nold eontemiAtma eyes of his only child, Well V says Miss Bmnd iwttfferentiy, 1 don't know if wfeat I am going to my will have the feast weight with ym ton have always been so m/dullfnl in your corn duct towards me/ says Hlr Wilding fmftdly with all the air ofn wan who U alum to re late a grievance rather than » febkdldlng, 'that 1 daresay you will treat myef/mmnniea tion with disrespect b.ut ns it Cf4)cem yon as well as me, and ns George i'mtinghAi' jiroposal Jias brought matters to a clihmxf I feel it had better Iw Pdd/ What Is It / says Ffe/rencc, feeling tome thing akin to fear at her heart, hfev db.j into a chair near iter, and, b>tlny feer ,!/»' on the table, regards feer father wHh keen but troubled eyes, It all lies In a m/lsl/eiy#/. frtgeting nervously, During the tmi two year t have l»rrowod money from a 44 HarringPiti— the father'— that 1 //ever fan re|<a// Beyond the faet that feyr eye nave grown even hatdcf Brand betrays no sign of having beard him, ' j ft/cre U hat one way of saving my honor/ my Sir WiUiitip spiffing nnensily from one f'Mt to the other", 'I have no money to tmet Ids demands ns you probnbly know, Htett if I sacrificed the furniture it would not Initig in a fourth of the sum. There is really tiotln t>g to fc sold — ' ' foxcet't toe/ says Florence Brand in a clear mefalife tone, Ifet" fathctf who has not dared to look nt lief let the ffcer fall from his hand now t&jfh; # tk<iy clatter# and busies himself pick- itig If np again as a means of covering bis eonfwdon, t am the one way# I suppose,' she says lifcntity, 'Yf/ar marriage wifh Oeorgc Barrington, if yon ewdd bring yourself to think of it/ sn/sf Mr Wilding, in a tone that is meant to tie pleading, hnf- is only servile, ' would settle everyffdfig. His father tells me George, lias setfels heart on yon, Hoeamchcrc yester day to sficafc to me about it# and— and— ' to Florence his words convey the idcatlint it was George Harrington, not his father, who tatfie yesterday to arrange this vile barter of o moth rnvney for one fair l»o<ly. Ikn't go on/ she says hastily ; 4 don't seek to covet' your relation with soft words, I prefer If. erode and harsh like this: You gain 1 lose I am the victim, you the victor. At feasf, I should ho grateful that you have assigned me the nobler part. You were sure, lliettt of my acquiescence in this scheme F If yon refuse/ begins .Sir Wilding, misled fey the scorn of hot manner into believing her bent on rebellion# 1 can only say — ' Jftm tati t refuse /cries she, turning upon him with midden fnry, 1 Yo.i have laid a tiet for me-— who shall deliver me from it. Anyfhititf before dishononr ; T give in ; do whvst yon will with mc— marry mo to this man a soon as the barest decency will permit, titui let ti he done with it/ ''there rot, st of course, be some usual delay/ says Mr Wilding# frying vainly tocon- cent the exultation her words have caused him , 'Hnt— ' I warn yon not togivo me time to thhft, fay JHss Brand# rising sullenly. 4 1 shall marry him in a fortnight, or 1 shall not marry Idrn at all. Understand that, and make no mistake about it. Tell him so/ ' lUn if—4 ' there shall be neither ifs nor huts in this Iniquitous f ransaetion, T am selling my soul for the flimsy thing you call your honor, and yon shall certainly undertake all the minor Miseries connected with tho transfer. Do not mention my name bnt let him fully com- pref/ond that the marriage is to be got over before Uhrisfmaa,' If i rum close ntion that holy tide ; but, aftxUt to argue with her in her present mood, Mr Wilding agrees to let George Barrington know that the wedding must be both hurried awl# c'owftffativcly speaking, private. Aa she rises fo leave the room, he goes up falfrt-rty fashion upon her shoulders. t tme to thank you/ he is beginning StfWtfMentaBy# but by a sudden movement tne shiakes herself free of him, I hnvn try thank you# too/ 6he says, with A&rfonate; bitterness, 'This hatcfnl marringo ma at feast one sweet side to it. It will ftrf-arate me finally from ymtS turns# and# without another glance# sweoj# fmriou.dy from the room. ClUtttXt It 'ti&UffktUniis; fbff Airing running tlirongli tho ntnfn t1 art vhincxS It is a dull dark day# one of Nature's most f<n#r«n efforts. The rain is falling in sullen drop# ami the wind is moaning heavily. Abwe# in tho etoud-daden sky, the sound of rllstani storms# In 'hollow murmurs, dies may A fresh ami angry hurst of rain is dashing Itself against fne drawing-room window- tone# of l'tatid House as the servant opens ha dtjofntki armonnces 'Mr, Harrington.' life not tho rdrl Barrington who is ushered fn,l/rtt the young man, his only son. Of the bid Harrington it will be sufficient to say that he fc 'a man of an unbounded stomach' 'giving that sentence its most simple mean- fig) and a very handsome face, indeed, the Barrfrtgfons for generations have been so fatned for (heir beanty that it was considered femarkahle when the young man of the ptevmt time grew np without even one prefer/fable feature. It carnc/1 him tlio sr»|yfqftV:f of ' Ugiy Harrington/ though thero ate certainly many men more worthy of the adjective than he, Yet now# as he enters the room and one look at him, itmnstbc acknowledged he is an ugly man. Bat with such a calm intnesttie of pnrj-osc in his eyes, and with a month s o characterised by a certain firm sweefnes, as serves# in a great measure, to redeem his faco from actual plainness, and elevafe it info something beyond mcro lwufy. To many this man is dear; by a few ho i well f -cloved. He is alxmt twenty- nine, and stands a shade less thrfn six feet in height, lie cotac quickly np to Florence Brand, 0 tlie /loot" closes behind him, and says, withe/tit any preface# Your father" tells mo thero is some hope form/ My father fold yon# no doubt, I was will- ing to marry you# returns she slowly. Her eye do not fall before Ms, On the contrary, they loofc at hint steadily and half defiantly. Yea, eouM not bring myself to believe htittf from your own lips whether it be really My father spoke the truth — 'for once / is on thtf tip of her' tongue# but by an effort she fedrains herself yet# there is something mme that prohahly he did net tell you. I tan tnatry you# indeed# but I cannot love yon/ Nl&t; yet/ says Harrington, 4 But that is scarcely to he wondered at j yon have seen Me but four times altogether, I think. ' That is ja'st tho number of times you liavo seen toe ; Ami yet—' Yott should remember the difference be tween n/ interrupt her quietly. The manly humility of his tone would probably have touched any woman bnt one determined to regard him at hfs worst, 'And yet/ she goes on haughtily# as though disdaining fho interruption, you say— at feast, my father says— that yon love me.' Your father say less than tho truth. That 1/tnt should love me on so short nu a&mitttxnce; is more than I ever hoped.' 'Welh I have told yon#r says Miss Brand, after a slight j-nnsc ; ' f thought so much was dws to you/ If was. But is that all T ask ho, regard ing l/or closely, It is not enough / asks she in turn con- fetnpttfotfsly, 'were I you, I should hesitate/ ' Yrnt are not me # 1 do not hesitato, I ac cept the risk/ rofnrns he Rfowly, 'You arc a brave man / she says, with a curt of her l>cantifal Bp, Jn thfe spirit they get married some few week- Infer, The ceremony is got over very eteditahlyi not so much as a tear falling to dim it lustre, 'the bride, According to some i tto self-possessed— almost stoical in her cairn $ but, according to others# sufficiently pule to entry oft any suspicion of want of feelings The bridegroom# being the inferior article on ail such occasions is little com- MCfrfert ttt,n. Alter the wedding breakfast, Mr. And Sirs. Hartlngtfrt start for town# on their way to tips C-ont incut, .lost at tho very end every- ttne makes way for tho father to bestow a fet embrace Uf-ori his onfy child? bnt, the t/tdy efdkl so cVklently shrinks from this txi'oiUt demon-fration that a slight awkward- ties is (ho result ; and finally her husband cnttUr-9 her off hurriedly to the waiting carriage. But this unpleasant little episode hap pened quite three hours ago; and now I'feref/ce finds herself in a private sitting- rc«vM at the ' f.an?hnm, (t is a very pretty wofiderfnlly home-liko and cosy forao hotel ; ami Florence, sinking languidly into a deeply cushioned chair, tells herself, with a sigh of thankfulness, that at last she is alone 1 She had said some little thing to Mr. Barrington after their arrival that had left him no alternative but to relievo her of his presence ; and now, lotting her face sink into her palm, she gives herself up to thought for the first time for many days. Ilccent events attract first the idle work ings of the brain. The cold dawn when she had awakened and risen, and gone stolidly alxmt such preparations as must belong to a ooniing marriage, whether distasteful or otherwise ; the drive to church ; the wed ding ; every smallest word uttered by her or him (she shudders), every pulsation of her carefully sulxlucd heart, now returns to her clearly as when the actual hour was at hand. The breakfast, where ho (another shudder) had spoken a few quiet words, and where the bishop had been inoro hopelessly silly than even his worst enemies could have anticipated — all comes to her now. All seems clear as 4 a dream within a dream/ Yet everything is reality. lu that lies the sting, sho tolls herself, with a start of anguish. A few short hours ago she was Florence Brand ; now she can no longer lay claim to that title. Yet how she had despised it those few short hours ago 1 and now how willingly would she return to it I She must have been mad I She bns risen to her feet with an impulsive desire to do something that may recall her liberty, but sinks back again into her scat, overpowered by the weight that has been brought to bear upon her. She is for ever separated from the man she could have loved with her soul, so she believes. As this cruel certainty comes to her, gIic docs not curse Fate, but she sighs ; licr lips pale, her eyes enlarge ; evidently a struggle is goiug on within licr. Finally, Satan conquers. Drawing a small morocco coso from her !>ockct, she opens it, and gazes eagerly aud longingly at its contents. She Uns been twenty minutes so occupied, with pauses between (because I contend the most love-lorn damsel could not gaze for so long without intruding thoughts upon the object of her most sacred ndoration), when the door opens, and a waiter entering the room puts sentimental regrets to ilight. He throws some coal on the fire with a considerable amouut of noise ; and I don't know whether George Barrington is suggestive of coal, but certainly the trimming of that tiro suggests to Sirs. Barrington that she has not seen her newly- acquired husband for a considerable time. Can 1 do anything for you, mn'nm V asks the waiter, when he has finished making the coals a nuisance, 4 No, thank you/ says Mrs. Barrington curtly. In reality, she is curious enough to inquire where Mr. Barrington may bo, but cannot bring herself to nsk tho question. Then the waiter goes away, and she falls again to contemplating the portrait in tho ihwi;, iuiu uiuiiiy urunuis away uii uoiir gazing into the glowing firo; yet the absorption that had been liers during tho first twenty minutes does not return to her again. In stinctively, though nervously she feels that she is listening for the opening of the door behind her. About two hours later, Mr. Bnrrington, opening thin door, comes leisurely into tho room. There is no lover-like haste in Ids footsteps. He walks straight up to where his wife is sitting in her low chair before tho fire. She docs not lift her head nt his approach, but still stares earnestly into the blazing coals. Who shall say what phantoms she is conjuring up from the caverns and hollows that lie amongst them 1 Florence/ says Harrington nt length, as though to attract nttcntion. A tide of color sweeps over her face for an instant leaving her paler than before. 4 Well V resting her eyes by an effort upon his. 4 1 am afraid I have roused you from happy thoughts,' he says quietly. 4 But 1 find it necessary to ask you again where you would like to go.' 4 1 thought Home was our destination.' 4 It was. But it shall be home again In stead if you wish it,' 4 Why should I wish it ?' asks she, flashing a sudden glnncc nt him. 4 There, or nt Rome, it will be nil the same to mc ; I shall be as happy in one place as in the other. ' 4 Or as unhappy I That is what you mean, of course V Seeing she will not answer, he goes on again : 4 Be candid with mc, at least ; I shall never forgive myiitlf for having tempted you to this marringo ; therefore I cannot expect you to forgive inc. But let there bo no polite reservations/ 4 You can hardly accuse me of hypocrisy so far/ she says, rising suddenly, and going nearer to liim. The coldness, the half-sup pressed aversion, she had displayed during ilis courtship now comes vividly back to her, 4 Why did you marry mc V she says, lifting her eyes to his. 4 For want of a more fashionable reason, let us say because I loved you/ returns he, in an unmoved tone. 4 At least/ says Florence, subdued by his earnestness, 4 1 did not deceive you, I told you oj»enly, distinctly, thai I uid not love you / 4 You did, indeed. Do not imagine I have forgottcu one look or tone of yours on tlmt occasion. And yet I hoped I Borne fool lias said, nope is tnc anchor of the soul." It has failed me, however. My bark lint gone down ; has foundered, with all hands on board. 4 1 warned you,' she says sullenly. 4 T told yon the worst/ The worst/' His glance is scrutinising, 4 Yes. What could be worse tlian the fact that I liorc you no affection— none; not even the smallest fricndliucss / 4 There might be far worse/ says Harring ton slowly; 4 there might be, for instance, the fact that you loved another.' The blood recedes from lip to brow ; but she docs not lower her eyes before his. 4 When I asked you to mnrry mc I believed you heart-whole/ 6ays Harrington, in the same low even voice lie has used nil through ; and so Iwlicving, 1 swore to myself that 1 would mnko you niy own, heart and soul, by right of my love, in less than three mouths. Two hours ago 1 lost all hope/ 4 You mean V she asks, still defiant, tihe is terribly pale ; but her eyes have not fallen. Even at this supremo moment lie pauses to cast a thought of admiration upon her un- uiulauntcd courage. I have discovered your love for — Tahc caro /' She has swayed a little, nud tho laco of her sleeve has caught the flame of the light nearest to licr. In an instant a blaze shoots up from her rounded arm. With a swift movement Barrington closes his hand upon tho burning lace, aud so extinguishes R. 4 You arc not hurt V he asks anxiously, No/ 4 Not even scorched / He pushes up the half-burned sleeve as lie speaks, and passes his fingers with a light touch over licr arm — the soft pretty arm that Is his by lawful right. The remembrance that it U his comes to him at this moment, but fails to conquer liim ; he tlirows it out with a mental sneer, and lets the iwhitc arm Tall to It's owner's 6idc. Forget my arm/ she says, with deter mination ; 'just now you were saying—' That Fate had !>ccn kiud to mc/ 4 Kind / 4 Yes. I can no longer be tricked or be fooled. A clinncc moment lias convinced me that though I labored for ever to gain your heart the end would only find me a modern Sisyphus.' She lias seated herself again, and i« now playing with her fan,- with Iter ovc down cast. 4 You have gone so far/ die says slowly, that perhaps you will explain/ 4 O, about that#' lie says card. -!;.' ; :lrit be necessary, yes. Home time after our ar- rival 1 was coming in here to nsk ymi— I really forget what now ; nothing of nnv im portance, I daresay — when 1 saw that yon were sitting just where yon are now, and that yon were crying 1 Crying bitterly, as if your heart would break, on the very day of your marriage V He pauses. As though sho expects his eyes to be on licr, sho holds herself erect, and flicks her fan to and fro with nn air of in solent indifference. Yet she wrongs htm. He keeps his gaze fixed pertinaciously upon the gloss door at the further cml of the room. I crossed the room silently/ he goes on presently, 4 to ask you what — whether— jwhaw I — if I could bo of any use to you ; aud ns I approached I saw — I really beg your pardon for my indiscretion, but I could'nt help it — I saw lying oil your lap a portrait of Mervyn. Your tears wcro wetting it. 1 hope it Isn't spoiled ? It was a fault less likeness/ No answer. Tho fan 1r moving with greater rapidity ; but otherwise Mrs. Harring ton might be deaf to nil that is being said. It occurred to mc then, though I am generally a dull follow, that I might as well go hack to where I came from. Any conso lation I could offer would but add an addi tional poignancy to your grief/ Your manner is nn insult!' sho bays slowly, turning her largo eyes fully into his. 4 1 assure you, you mistake mc,' he says, shrugging his shoulders; 4 the facts I rclato may bo considered an insult to a married woman ; but I am not responsible for them. You were so absorbed with your portrait you did not hear mc. I withdrew. Could I be have with more delicate tact? At tho door, indeed, I looked back ; you were kissing tho portrait thou. I'nli I how hot this room is I' He walks a step or two, and then returns, lly thin time she has quite recovered Iter self- possession. So you know Mr. Mervyn?' alio says coolly. 4 A little. It would take a clever man to really know him. He — it is rather awkward, all things considered — but lie is the one enemy I liavc on earth. One would wish to be at least on good terms with ono's wife's— friciuh.' Your enemy 1' It occurs to her as strange, even at this momcut, that Randal Mcrvvn had not men tioned liw acquaintance with her hnsbaiul. 4 Well, that sounds rather theatrical. Let us say he objects to my society. Once I found him out in— But thnt can't matter now. What remains is the certainty that ho would do mc a bad turn if lie could. ' 1 And you him ?' 4 1 rcnllv don't know' says George Bnrring ton# 4 1 don't care about soiling my Jlngcpi nt any time ; and at least 1 could hardly surpass tho injury he has done to me/ 4 At least you know all now/ she says. 4 It is a pity, for both of us, I did not know it sooner/ If I had told you, you would not Imvo niiimcu me i sac says. At this ho stares a little, and then says contemptuously, 4 Your affection for him must be groat in deed if you could give him up for the mcro Bake of filthy lucre.' 4 It wasn't that/ she jaiys ; 'and there Is no good to bo gained by an explanation now. When my declared indifference to you did not induce you to forego your determination to marry mo nothing else would/ 4 There you wrong mo/ ho says coldly, 4 1 am nt least an honest man. 1 never hunker after my neighbor's goods/ She pales a littlo nt this insult, but says nothing. May I ask,' says Barrington presently, 4 why you did mo the honor to mnrry mc /' 4 To tell you what you already know would be waste of time/ 4 1 can hardly believe you sacrificed your love and your whole life for the sake of £5000 a year. It Isn't good enough/ 4 You put it wrongly/ she says, with some passion, rising in such n violent fashion ns pushes the clinir on which she has been sit ting far from her, 4 How dare you think that I Wcro 'you Croesus himself I would not liavo mnrricd you hut for my father's sake. ' 1 had no idea your hither was so dear to you,' retorts he, with n sneer 4 He owed your father money ; he could not repay it. Thero was only one way, and 1—1 was sacrificed 1 Now that you hnvo made mc say what you already know, are you satisfied? Is your rcvengo complete? It was well arranged between you all/ Then, in a second, her passion dies. 4 Why discuss it ? she says, with tlio old calm listlcssncss. 4 Your father owed mine money 1' repeats he, in a somewhat stunned manner, his faco very pale. 4 Ye!?.' Then, with a contemptuous smile, 'You would have me believe you knew nothing of it?' " 4 On my soul, I dld'nt/ says Barringtou, 4 All tills is a revelation. 1 can now read between tho liucs. My poor father 1 so this Is how he sought to secure niv happiness, Alas, how difficult n tiling it fs to meddle with the threads of life ! but your father/ erica he fiercely, 4 what shall bo said of him ?' 4 Anything you like/ says Florence coldly, 1 Tho worst you could say would neither pull) nor offend mc. 1 have at least done with him for ever. So much gratitude I owe you/ 4 Don't overburden yourself/ says Barring ton, dryly, no pauses for a moment, and considers a little ; and then again turns his juuu lu nun. iiiujr i u»k tuu iif-uiu, nusayn, 4 what you now intend doing? Is it to be home, or Italy, or where ?' 4 Decide for yourself/ returns she curtly. 4 1 must consider you too/ Uu says tills very goutly. 4 Jlowcvcr divided our interests may Ix., we nrc, unfortunately, Ixnmd to each other until kindly death steps in to doagood turn to one or other of us. in the meantime, the world is bent on supposing us nll-sulil- eient for each other's happiness for some weeks to come ;' he laughs rather bitterly ns he says this; 4 therefore to precipitate our selves again so soon iq>oii tho friends we have left behind will only create comment, mid make matters even more awkward for us than they nrc nlrcndy. Why should wc make the world merry nt our expense? You follow mc? She bows her head, but sajs nothing. She is looking | stlc mid exhausted, and almost incapable of speech. 4 Then let us go on to I'nris/ says Barring ton, 4 It will be dull for you, but wc uccd stay there only a week. When we return to our homo you cau easily explain that you— that ire ; yes, icc will be decidedly tho best —pined for a home Christmas, nnd so wo came back sooner than wc first intended, Nobody will believe you, 1 daresay; but at least nobody can prove the lie/ ' 4 Yes, it is a good' plan, she says heavily, conaucring, by a supreme effort, tlio sensu of weakness thnt is overpowering her. She rises as she speaks, nnu stands resting her hnnd ou the back of licr chuir. As for this week, you nrc to put it in with mc alone/ says Barrington hurriedly, 4 don't let it distress you. You will dine with me, for the sake of apiicarmices mid the prejudices of your maid ; but beyond tlint I promise you sluiU sec mc only when you desire my presence/ 4 1 thank you for tluit, at least# she says gratefully. There is n note of passionate relief in her tone. She makes a step forward, with a face the color of death, . Then something hapjicns to the walls of the room, she hardly knows whnt, but she flings out her arms affrighted)/, as though to keep them away from her. 4 Florence ! erics Barrington, hurrying towards her. She sways slowly forwnrdx, and, hut for his arms, would have fallen . heavily to the ground. cliapteit iii. 4 1 am jjut gotnu to leap Into Um> dork.' 4 Wc take no note of time but from its loss/ says Young. To Florence Barrington these seven days in Boris are each ono a cen- tury in itself, whose death is longed for even ok ils birth is known. Now. back again in her native country, she feels the hours no whit less wearisome, and chafes ami writhes bcuentli the yoke thnt has been laid upou licr. Her husband's coldness and evident avoid ance arc, of course, matters for which she should feel gratitude ; but they, too, gall nnd harrass her in many ways. She lots her thoughts run with wilful di rectness iqwu tho man she loves, or at least believe she could have loved had things gono smoothly with her, nnd one day is startled by fiuding herself face to face with hint. Accenting to some people, Mr. Mervyn is a very nice young man. He certainly is nice in the matter of clothes, nnd feet, and flguro ; and whatever linirhls barber leaves him curls really beautifully. His eyes too are blue as those Italian skies travellers tell such horrid stories about ; and altogether lie is decidedly handsome. Hut whether his mind is up to his body is another thing. When Florence, finds him standing in her riatli with his hat off, ho is looking specially landsomc, nnd full of melancholy. lie wns not, perhaps, qutto so mdlatichoiy the mo ment before, but ho must love her indeed to grow so desjxmdcnt the very instant he sees licr— or bccs that she sees him — it is almost the same. Ho really docs feel sotno dejection lis he gazes at her charming faco, and notes how it pales beneath his gaze. She might have boon his, ho tells himself, had the Fates been propitious. By which he means, if the Fates had endowed her with a liberal income, and now it is nil over, nnd the mnn ho hates most ou earth has stolen her from him. But ts it nil over ? lie asks himself, ns ho watches her chnnging face, nnd notes the deep discontent bosomed in her lovely eyes. To work the undoing of his enemy seems to Mr. Mervyn a very pleasing pastime where with to while away these dreary winter days. Hour by hour this thought grows with him, and strengthens into a jw-sitivc de termination, to lower the man who hnd once lowered him in the estimation of his fellows. It la his sweetest, dream by night nnd day, and after a while he tells himself, with a fierce glow of delight, that he has succeeded even beyond his utmost expectations. Yet lie is hnrdly aware how far the wilful work ings of a wayward licnrt have combined to help his cause. To Florence his love is but a secondary consideration when compared with licr wild longing to cscapo from a thraldrom into which sho Iiiih been forced. A martyrdom the more terribly degrading in tlmt sho believes Harrington to bo as indifferent to her ns she to liim. Mervyn 's honeyed words falling on her ear sound to licr ns so many instruments with which to work out her revenge on the father and husband who have linlfrtvoil lion !mlr>r./l dirt f.mlu even moro strongly the desire to punish tho husband— tho mnn who 1ms deliberately wedded nnd then neglected licr. She grasps with n reckless haste at any means held out to her bv which sho may lly from the cold- ncss nnu loveless formalities of the life sho is now leading. And so tho perishable days como and go, nnd the dreary silent Christmas creeps past them, nud the new year is at hand. Opening tho door of tlio library, she enters Die room quietly and goes up to where Bar- rington Is sitting. 11 is quite ten o'clock, yet there is somcthingnbout her of wind and' fresh chill tlint suggests the Kissibiltty of her having been nbrond, even on sticli a night iih this. It is rnlnleas, truly, but the frost is biting, nnd the snow is falling softly between earth and heaven. Harrington, however, expresses neither snr- ririsc nor displeasure. Rising courteously, io moves to one side, thus dumbly Invitiug her to come to the fire. 4 1 am not cold/ sho says, with a little de precating gesture. 4 Kxcrciso provides tlio best warmth, cer tainly,' returns ho quietly. 4 les, 1 have been out, says Flornncc. 4 A little imprudent, don't you think?" in quires he, knocking the nshoif his cigur, and finally throwing the cigar itself (with whnt appears to her nlniost a regretful glance) Into the fire. 4 What V she says sharply. 4 Your meeting him in this sort of way, and unattended. Hho starts at if shot, but rallies directly, aud walks straight up to tho fire. 4 1 didn't know you were your own detec tive/ she says coolly ; 4 but as it is so, I am ghtdof it. It simplifies matters ; and makes it easier for mc to tell you why I came hero to-night/ Who is dressed in the gown sho wore nt dinuer, a filmy white stuff, and her arms live bare. They are perfecrly moulded arms, aud shine now crcnm-wiiitc beneath the glare of thclnmpi. It occurs to Harrington nt this moment tlmt there would be pleasure in pressing one's lips to such fair sweet ficsh, init he laughs grimly to himself ns the idea presents itself to his mind. 4 After nil, my words but expressed a mental certainty/ lie says slowly; i had nothing to build upon. Do not teach yourself to think moro harshly of me thnn you need. When I saw you liad been out, of courso I know— Well, and you liavo something to toll mc, you say ?' Yi»a If. In mi mv mtiiit nnd T nmef «mt rid of it. This life wc aro leading— I van statu! it no longer 1' 4 It is dull, certainly/ says Mr. Harrington. Ono cannot lffamu you for such a speech as thnt. Even I find it insupportable/ Well, 1 am going/ says Florence reck lessly. 4 Ich I And with whom?' 4 You know ; Hnndnl Mervyn,' replies she, wilti n defiant glaucc. It isn glance, too, ho full of weariness, and nlmost childish auger, that from his soul he pities her. 4 1 think, perhaps, you might have made a better choice,' ho says. 4 Hut that is your own affair, Existence here, I know, isbarren to the last degree but — how do you pnqiosc improving it?' 4 Any change must be nn improvement/ Kite crcejw closer to the fire, ah if chilled, and holds out her small hand to the genial warmth. A ray from the fire catching the diamonds in Iter rings draws licr attention to tliuin. Hlowly, mechanically, she slips them from her fingers one by one, nud lays them ou tho chimncy-piccc. 40, pray don't do tlmt/ says Harrington. 'You will miss them, nnd they nrc of no earthly use to mc. It seems to mc such a silly thing to mnko oneself tincomfortablo in tiffs sort of way/ 4 1 am iuippicr without them. Of course, I might have gono away without giving you warning/ she says, turning her face up to his ; 4 but I knew you would lay no embargo on my going ; on tho contrary/ bitterly, 4I knew you would rather rejoice at B/ 'Shall 1? Well, never mind tlmt now,' say » Barringtou ; 4 leave me out of it al together. 1 don't HUpjio5o 1 was ever really in it. You nrc going to try life anew with Mervyn, you say ?' 4 Yes.' Ifcr voice la so low and tired that either excitement or Mission would be almost imjiossible to it. 4 But—' 4 There must Iks no hindrances/ interrupts she doggedly ; 'my mind is quita made up. If you dctnfn me now/ it sludl l>o to-morrow. And if not then, some other time.' You quite mUtnko mc,' says Barrington calmly, 4 1 seek to plnce no liindemncc in your way. Why should I ? A prisoner would be to me a most embarrassing jios- KCttsion. Go where you will, I sluiU not seek to detain you, Indeed; 1 must thank you for your behaviour on this occasion ; you lmve spared tho Idlu conjecturing and angry searching tlmt usually ncconi|iaiiy this sort of thing. It Is really the most comfortably arranged affair of the kind tliat I have ever known. Well ; nnd when are you going V 4 Art soon' as mssible/ «he says, puzzled by hirt careless treatment of what she regards ah n tragedy. Is her vcugcncc, then, to be in complete' 4 It is a serious step. I should take time to consider it if I wcro you/ says Barringtou thouglitfuly. 4 To change from evil to another can hardly bo termed wise/ 4 It cannot nt nil evonts bo a change for the worse,' she says blttorly. To him at least I am something ;' to you, nothing/ 4 Are you so suro of that ?' 4 liavo you ever spoken even ono word of lore to mc ? Do 3011 treat mo ns lie docs ?' 4 1 daresay not ; but tho reason for my stupidity Is obvious : 1 never loved — I never thought of love iu connection with nnyonc but 3ou. He, 1 understand, has hnd con siderable experience/ 4 It is your part to mnlign him,' rUo says, with cold disdain. 4 There you mistake mo again. I owe both him nnd 3011 a debt of gratitude, but no grudge. You nro doing me a ver3 good turn, which I acknowledge. By 3our goodness I Bliall be enabled to obtain a divorce ; and, as the gods cannot always provo unkind, I daresay sonic time or otlicr m the futuro I shall induce some henrt to love mc/ She makes no answer to this. Something in her face — a vague restlessness— and her determination not to sit down, reduce specu lation to certainty with him in a few minutes. 4 You aro going to meet him agnin now ?' ho says, with calm question, 4 Yes/ defiant I). 4 It would bo necessary, of course, to mnko nrmngements. You hnvo not told mc, I think, when 3011 intend goiug V 4 To-night, if possible. There is nn tip- train at midnight/ As she says this, Rtill with the touch of de fiance about her, a Bigh escapes her. It docs no? cscapo him. 'Hut consider tho cold. Why uot wait until the morning, nnd go up to town comfortably ? Take your own ponies to tho station, nnd your luggage, aud that. To ho without one's luggngo means misery. I would avoid the orthodox Fccrccy, if I were you, and the usual conventionalities. An affair of this kind must necessarily bo vulgar; but, by stripping it. of ils worn-out trappings, I don't see why you could not make something almost attractive out' of it.' 4 It is kind of you to interest yourself so much,' sho says snccringl. 4 1 have nlwn3H felt nn iutcrcst in you.' Then suddenly, 4 You nro looking pnlc nnd tired. Think of the journey tlint lies before 3011 ? nnd let 111c entreat 3011 to take at least a glass of wiuo before 3011 start.' 4 No, 110 I' 4 Why not ?' lie pours out a glass ns ho speaks, and brings it to licr, 'There is no reason why you should rcfuso to take a simple cordinl from tho hands of the mnn 3ou swore 44 to love nnd honour;'4 wc will say noining 01 inc "one, ns it wouui nave been my pleasure to turn tho tables, aud oboy your slightest wlffui, had things been different. You arc going to betray mo to- nicht ; but at least let us part friends,' J There is a cynical smile 011 bis lips ; but, hcrhead being bent, sbo is ignorant of it, Where do 3011 meet him?4 ho asks presently. At tho smaller gate, nt tho cml of tho garden/ 4 Ho has a convc3anco for you V 4 lie has a carriage/ If lie is there now you should not delay him. Remember whnt a severe night It is. Now Yenr'a-eve, by tho byo. Well, I liopo your next 3cnr/ with a courteous glnncc, 4 will bo happier tluin your lost.' 4 You nro very kiud, ho says. 1 And now, good-bye/ 4Not3ct. Not here. Let mo accompany you ns far as tho gnrdengate/ 'You/ Yes. Why not? I am ono of tho advanced school of thought ; ouo of thoso liberal beings who look with lcnlcnoy upon almost anything. Why should any human thing bo unhappy, if it can accomplish nu escape from its misery ? It is misery to you to be with mo or without Monyu — I really don't know which. You cry to yourself, 44 <5, that I bad wings liko a dove, for then would t llcc away nud bo at rest I" Nature not having endowed you with these useful appendages, you wisely mado nuothcr way for yourself to escape.' 4 Why should I take you out nt this hour ?' 4 For no reason, except thnt I want to go. You see/ pointing to tho dog-whip beside him, 4 1 was really going out, whether or no, to the kennels. I.ct mo sec you to your destination first/ There Is really 110 necessity/ she says, drawing hack. 4 Vcrhaps not. Hut I have a faucy to boo tho last of you. What 1 will you refuse tills small request of mine, when probably wo Hbnll never meet agnin ? Come, let me tako 3011 to Mervyn. When with him I shall understand you are in tajc keeping/ Again tho shadow of n smile, replete with sarcastic bitterness, crosses liis face. ClIArTEU IV, 4 Tbcro'd neither honesty, miuihootl, nor good-follow ship in thee.' The snow has censed to fall, nnd a dull moon shines sullenly front between two leaden clouds. It gives sufficient light, how ever, to let Mervyn, at the wickct- gatc, see thnt two figures arc approaching him instead ol oiii. nt BinrtB iiivuiuuinniy, hull inaKca a movement as if to go. 1 You needn't run away/ fiays Harrington, tho grave ghost of a humorous expression lighting life eyes. Thus openly addressed, Mervyn perforce eoincs to a standstill, though tho desire for ilight is undeniably written upon his brow. Florence, glancing nervously from ono man to tho other, tells herself nt this moment there is a mental henuty that far outdoes the merely physical. \- 4 1 know all about it,' says tlio uglv man importurbnbl). 'Mrs. Harrington, having found lifo with ine insupportable, is desirous of tryingrit with you. 1 think myself sho shows bad tasto ; hut that is so natuml a conceit that I daresay you will excuse it. She tells me 3ou intend to travel. . Con tinuous change Is always to lie desired on such occasions ; hut I hojw you will be able to nrnkc her happy. Sho is extravagant in some ways. 1 like an extravagant woman myself/ says Harrington pleasantly. 'Hut it doesn't suit all purses/ I don't understand 3011/ says Mervyn, with a miserable nttcinpt at haughtiness. Then 1 must try to mnko my meaning clearer. Look here,' nays Harrington, chnnging his tone suddenly, and turning sharply upon tho otlicr, 'let us drop hints, and come to business. You are in debt, as I know i you nro ou the jioint of nbsoluto ruin, as I suspect. In six months you will not have enough money to keep yourself going, to any nothing of nuothcr. I givo you a chance of beginning a new Hfu elsewhere. Jf 3ou will leave this place alono to-morrow I will givo you X50U0/ The crisp, clear voice ceases, and silciico follows it. Mrs. Bnrrington, throwing back her h'xl from her fuee, stares with inssionate imnntienco nt the mnn In whose lovu she liad l»clievcd a minutes ago. Will he never spctik ? Is there to be a hesitation, a choice, between her and a paltry sum of money ? If I thought,' he stammers at last lamely, 'that it would be for her happiness to leave lier iu |>oacc, I — ' 4 If you arc alxmt to mnkc any allusion to Mrs, ftarrington, I must beg you to leave It unsaid,' interrupts Mrs. Harrington's lmsliand unpleasantly. 'Come to the poiut. You will take the money, nnd be gone?' There is another silence, even more.dis- trcssing than tho last. Florence, immovable as a statue, stands erect ; Bnrrington Is beat ing Ids foot angrily 011 the ground. As for Mervyn;— he is ruined— there was no exag geration In that suspicion— nnd the money is n temptation, nnd— Well, considering nil 1 am giving up— ' he begins, too confused, pcrlmiw, 'to compre hend the enormity of lus words. - There, doii't be a greater blackguard than irt strictly necessary, says George Barrington, cutting, him .short with a frown. 4You accept my tonus? Tlint in well. To-mor- row morning you shall havo my cheque, nnd now— you shall have this I' In a second he has twined his hand in Mttvvyn's collar, and brought him on his kuccs before him, Haisiug the dog-whip, he brings it down with uncontrollable fury upon his shoulders again nnd again, until the miserable craven cries aloud for mercy, grovelliug nt tho vory feet of the woman to whom he hnd been half a hero nt least# nn hourngonc. With a final cut, Bnrrington flings him far from him, and, taking Florence's hand with impulsive linsto hurries her towards the lionso until they nro out of sight and hearing of tho frightened wretch they have left beiiiiid, Then, the fierce fit of passion nnd revenge over, Barrington stops and breathes heavily. The livid pallor departs from his lips, tlio baleful fire from his eyes ; lie even smilos. Florence, terrified, breaks into bitter weeping. 'Conic home, 3011 litt-lo silly fool/ saya ugly Bnrrington, not altogether unkindly j ami then lie actually laughs aloud, as I10 mny who wins. Hut presently, seeing how sho solm and trembles, I10 goes nearer to lior, and finally places his arm round her. But she shrinks from him. 4 1 wonder you cau bear to touch me/ she Rays, shivering. 4 1 stipposoj after this, my best plaee is with my father/ Your best place is with your husband/ says George Harrington, 4 if you will only trust him.' Oh George, tlmt word trust undoes me quite I How can you trust me? 4 1 would trust you with my life— nay— with far more, my honor — this very momont,' says Harrington simply, 4 in. spite of all thnt has come and gone, A womntt who found a difficulty in running away from her husband, without first apprising him of licr intention, can't havo much tho matter with her. Lot us forget to- night. It is known but to tlint cur and you and mo ; and lie, 1 fancy, will be slowtORpenk of it.' 4 Hut you will think of it/ 4 Not 1 ; or oven if I do it will he only to laud myself afresh for my clever trcntmenl of a greviouscvil. 1 numnskeda villian just nt the right moment nnd beforo the necessary witness.' 4 1 f you hnd treated ine differently jurtt nt first— nnd shown mo thnt you loved mc — ' Nay, then I should have been a clumsy fool, nnd hnvo lost my game. Now I krentho the nir of heaven with renewed lungs, and hope again there is still a chance to win your love. ' 4 44 Hope, that some fool bns called the anchor of the soul/" murmurs she, copying the tone nnd words lie hnd used on tlio even ing of their innrriagc to a nicely. Ho smiles, nnu sac panics too, ueeauso yottiu is warm within her, and it is so hard to ho 1 always sighing. Still, the smile is followed by a nigh. Hut the Icq being slightly broken, lie bends down to licr, and kisses her warmly, Tlmt is the first real kiss I have over dared to givo you/ ho says, ids plain faco lighting up until it is nearly handsome, 4Nowl begin to woo 3011 in earnest. And there is one thing, swcothcart ; let no senso of mistaken gratitude, of rcvulsion of feel ing, induce you to fancy you lovo mo until 3ou rcidly do. Let me bo your suitor for tho present/ She makes him 110 nnswer to this. Tlioy have regained tho house now ; entering tho hnl), a glow of warmth smiles on tholr hands nud faces. 4 At least tell me,' ho says, looking into her nervous oyes, 4 thnt you find 1» pleasantor returning to a warm fire than to be hurrying ou such a night ns this, through elect and snow/ Sho shudders, 4 What have you not saved mc from 1 sho Rays. Sho half puts out her hand, ns though to touch him, and then timidly draws it back again. Now, I will Imvonono of tlmt/ ho says, in his masterful but tender fashion, takiug her hnnd and laying it upon his heart. 4 There is one thing,' sho says, with down- cast lids. 4 Since our marriage, though I havo not kissed you , 1 hnvo nt least kissed no ono else.' 6)10 blushes excessively, ns slio says this, but she lifts her hcnd'And looks him vorv fairiv in the eyes, He draws his breath quickly. 4 1 tlmnk you for that/ lie say's ; and then, more lightly/ 4 after all, I believe your liking for him wns moro fancy than anything olso? 4 And obstinacy/ confesses she, in a low tone. 4 My father was so averse to him ; and besides, he used to say swcot words to mo when all the world seemed imkiud/ And when /, who should lmve protected you, wns silent and reserved, Tlio blamo must rest with me, for I was the hotter mnn of the two/ says Harrington boldly, 'and shouhlhavc found victory caRy. After all/ quaintly, 4 thero nro other things as. worthy of commendation as a Grecian uoso/ 4 Ah 1 whnt is that ?' exclaims she, starting violently. Even ns she speaks the sound of tho calm, sweet, solemn bells ringing iu tho New Year is borne to them upou the wings of the rushing wind. 1 It is another year begun/ says Barrington gravely. 'Let ub pray tlmt iu it may .bo found happiness for us !' 