SPORTING NOTES. [Br Tbumpator. | The "Dutchman fiasco," as a correspon dent truthfully cqlls it, gave the Mayor's meeting an interest which the racing itself J could never have gained for the fixture held on the Old Course last Saturday.- The management of the A.R.C. has been any thing but creditable to the Club for some | time past; but that unfortunate blunder over the nomination of Mr. Winterbottom's horse is the most glaring sin that has ever j been proved against the Executive, Mr. Gordon made a sad mistake in accepting the j entry; but he did it in the best faith, and those who abuse the Secrerary for their misfortunes in the matter should recollect that the responsibility must not be entirely thrust upon his shoulders. If the committee or the lessees knew nothing of the matter they must be held guilty of neglect of duty, for it should be their business to attend when nominations are opened and take the onus in deciding any knotty points which may occur in reference to the formality of | entries. However, " What's done can't be undone," and having discovered that the I Dutchman was not qualified to run for either | of the races which he won the Stewards awarded the stakes to Shylock, and returned Dutchman's backers the money invested on him in the machine. Under the circum stances this was the most equitable course which could be adopted, and I cannot see that " One of the A.R.C.'s Victims" has much cause for his grumble. IS either can the Charcoal and Vampire victims blame auy j one but themselves for the loss they in curred through backing these hoises in the jumping double. Previous experience should have prepared the public for the scratching of these horses. When fol lowers of the Glenelg stable abandoned the idea of sending Charcoal for the Hurdles, they expressed a desire to back Cardinal, but | the required money was not forthcoming, and as he started at 3 to 1,1 presume he was | not backed at all. In any case, the flashy roan was badly beaten, and victory fell to Messalliancc, with the rather good-lcoking I Tattler second. The time was slow, and | with the exception of Lady Carrington, who is dead out of form, the competitors arc as bad as they make them. Czarina, the winner of the Two-year-old Handicap, is a charming I filly, but she was lucky to win, as in addition to being short of work the Baron lost lengths at the start through being interfered with. D. O'Brien, the Lookley's light weight, was not seen at his best on Victoria, who would have reversed heads with Hawthorn it her rider had finished in bis usual form. The winner was bought by Mr. A. \V. Jones for | thirty-nine guineas, and his purchaser is almost sure to get his money back within the month. The Mayor's Handicap saw Shylock run a much-improved horse, but he had not the ghost of a chance with Dutchman when i trying to concedel7 lb. On someof his three year-old performances the son of Honetish was entitled to as much weight as Shylock, and when he was seen looking very muscular and fresh he was backed down to 6 to 4. It was very hard lines for his backers not to get their money, and still harder on Mr. Winterbottom, who has exposed a useful horse for nothing. Tsndstickcr, a very smart little horse, fairly walked in for the Steeplechase, but Kilduff, according to other riders in the race, missed a flag, and the Stewards awarded the race to Jem Mace. This was another case of hard lines, for Mr. Moare had put the money down on Tandsticker and backed him for a fair stake. In the City Council Handicap Shylock and Dutchman fairly left their field, and the chesnut throwing it up a hundred yards from home, Dutchman completed the distance in 1 min. 2 sec. Mr. Cowan pro tested against Dutchman starting in this race, so as to make sure of the wagers in case Shylock ran second. There was a fair atten- j dance and plenty of money for the totali- I zator, so that apart from the possibility of having to pay two horses in the Dutchman races, the Club must have had a good day financially. The nominations for the Gawler and A.R.C. New Year's Meetings are even worse than I anticipated, which is saying a good deal. The result must show Messrs. Blackle and Ferry that they are overdoing the thing. Had the money given for the three days been put into a programme for New Year's Day J we should have had one fair meeting instead of three days' misery. This is a specimen of how the right to use the totalizator is abused when the profits interest individuals instead of a properly constituted Racing Club. Mr. James Jenkins has been' appointed trainer to Sir Thomas Elder, and he takes charge of most of the horses in work at once, the exception being King of the Gipsies, who will remain under the care of Rawlings until after the Normanby Stakes. Sir Thomas has secured a very careful and reliable man in the trainer of Pride of the Hills, and Mr. Jenkins is to be congratulated upon having | dropped into a gocd berth so soon after losing Royal Irishman and Prince Patrick. I believe Sir lhomas still entertains the idea of trying to sell in May, but it is to be I hoped this intention -will be limited to a weeding out sale. Mr. B. Coleman, who has been one of the { most prominent and speculative members of the Ring, as well as an owner of horses in this colony for some years, has made up his mind that Adelaide cannot afford to keep hint any longer, and accordingly he will | return to Melbourne. Peisonally lam sorry Mr. Coleman is going, but his departure must not be set down as a symptom of the decline and fall of racing in South Australia. Racing will never droop for the want of bookmakers —more especially while there are such doubles as Charcoal and Vampire to be laid. It must not be supposed, however, that Mr. Coleman was one of the harpies who traded upon the certain profits to be reaped by writing the nameB of these two horses for last Saturdays jumping races. Messrs. W. Blackler, S. Ferry, and W. A. Blackler signed their new lease of the Old Course from the Corporation last week. | Frank McNamara will leave for Melbourne next week with King Lud, Manfred, and perhaps Tandsticker. I believe the S.AJ.C. will issue their autumn programme in a few days. The question of how wagers on the Mayor's Handicap shall be paid has not yet come before Tattersall's. The injuiy to Sardius' foot proved more serious than was at first imagined, and Tot hill deemed it useless to enter him for any of the New Year's Day races. Under the Setting. Act of Victoria, which came into force on December 1, all advertise ments relating to sweeps, totalizators, &c.;, are illegal; and the AuetraJasian of last week appears without the usual announce ments of consultations, &c.; " Boz" and his friends will have to patronise the Sydney papers now. George Read has left the Newmarket Hotel and taken up his quarters at the Laurel Hotel, Flemington. The V.R.C. made a profit of £8,875 on the late Spring Meeting, and they would have cleared at least £10,000 bnt for the wet Saturday. Archiduc, the winner of the Criterion Stakes at Newmarket, is closely related to Mr. Blackler's Miss Harriet, his dam, The Abbess, being by Atherstone ont of Convent, the dam of Miss Harriett. Mr. W. A Long removed all his horses except Tonans from Tom BiOwn's stables directly after the Cambridgeshire and placed them in the hands of .Charles Archer. A fortnight later Archer won the Liverpool Cup with Boswell, and Mr. Long's Tonans ran second. The Canterbury Time»• states that the English Jockeys C. Wood and J. Watts intend to visit Australia. The Morphettville Stud was inspected by several distinguished visitors last week, including the Marquis of Normandy, Sir William and Lady Robinson, and Sir Edward Strickland. The Manager, Mr. Elworthy, had everything in capital order, and the visitors were highly pleased with all they saw. The Field urges upon the English Jockey Club the appointment of three men to com pile the weights in big handicaps, each man to make his handicap and the average of the three to be struck for each horse. The idea is not a new one, and on paper it seems very feasable indeed. The Stewards of the A.R.C. have decided 1 that Shylock is entitled to the stakes in the ! Mayor's and City Council Handicaps. The validity of Dutchman's nomination was re ferred to the V.R.C., and Mr. Byron tele graphed the Club's opinion as follows:— "Nominations by wire or [otherwise cannot legally be received after time appointed for closing." Mr. Winterbottom, the owner of Dutchman, is to have his nomination and acceptance feeB returned; but it is hardly likely that he will be satisfied with anything less than the value of the two stakes which his horse was allowed to run for and won. The money invested on Dutchman in the totalizater will be refunded, and the divi dend on the residue paid to holders of Shy lock tickets. Mr. Jordan's celebrated stud horse Talk-o' the-Hill died at Edwardstown on Thursday morning from heart disease. The old fellow seemed in the best of health when taken out ] for exercise in the morning, but on returning to his box he lay down and died directly. Talk - o' - the - Hill by Wild Dayrell, dam j Ayacanora by Birdcatcher, dam Pocahontas (dam of Stockwell), was bred in England in 1865, and imported to this colony in 1869 by Mr. W. Gerrard. After the break up of the Rapid Bay Stud he came into Mr. Jordan's possession, and remained at Edwardstown until his death yesterday. Talk-o'-the-Mill was a grand-looking horse, and he sired a number of racehorses. Pride of the Hills was the most successful of his sons, but Rapid Bay, Lockleys, Echo, The Wandering Jew, Hero, Scanmag, Neckersgat, Don Carlos, Rivalry, Lavinia, Gaslight, Aldinga, and a number of others won fame for the beautiful old sou of Wild Dayrell. Of late years Talk was not much used, most of Mr. Jordan's mares being daughters of his, and it is not very long ago that a good offer by a Sydney studma6ter was refused for him. A race for £10 a side came off on December 12 on the Clare course between Mr. H. Fil gate's Moonlight and Mr. W. H. Rogers' Rocket, the distance being half a mile. C. Webb was the rider of Moonlight, and Dugan rode Rocket. There was a deal of betting, and the affair caused quite a stir j amongst horsey men. A very good start was effected, and the horses kept close the whole distance, and on nearing the post the riders made a desperate struggle for Bret place, Moonlight winning by half a neck. The weights for the V.R.C. Midsummer Meeting appear in another column. Ring wood has been raised from 10 st. 5 lb. to 11 st. 13 lb. in the Hurdle Race, while Lady J Hampden goes up 3 lb., and Agitation 8 lb. Matador, who ran fourth in the spring, gets a pound less than the 10 st. 4 lb. he then carried, and on paper this horse and Lady Hampden are very well handicapped, while Agitation, on the contrary, is called upon to give the Ballarat mare 5 lb. for the beating she received from the latter. But though badly handicapped in comparison I with Lady Hampden, Read s mare may still j be very dangerous, the shortening of the distance from three to two miles being all in her favour 1 think. Don Quixote reads fairly at 11 st., and Prospect will run well at 10 st. 7 lb., if preferred by the stable to Lady Hampden. It is a long while since Triplet has had a win, but she ran fairly in Ring wood's race, and a horse that may see a good day is Sparke. The Sydney horse Schemer is well treated at 9 st. 5 lb., for he is supposed to possess pace ; but the best of them will find Lady Hampden and Agitation hard to beat if these two mares prove genuine business on the day. Commotion heads the list in both the flat races, but he is more likely to contest the Bagot Stakes than the handicaps. Of the top weights in the Standish Plate, Fryingpan, Archie, and Dirk Hat teraick are very brilliant over the distance, and lower down Napier and Claptrap have been given a chance. Norfolk ] figured prominently in the Caulfield Cup. and may require some beating at 7 st. 9 lb., and so may Hawkesbury at 7 st. 6 lb. Um berto, a very handsome cheBnut colt, belong ing to Sir Thomas Elder, was tried to have pace before Mr. Dakin left, and Mr. Jenkins is likely to find him equal to winning a good race; but whether he has been worked up for the Standish Plate I know not. King Lnd by King Cole out ' of Miss Alfred by King Alfred is a very symmetrical little chesnut in McNamara's stable, and at 7 st. 1 lb. he must have a chance, as he showed symptoms of developing into a good hahdicap home when running as a three-year-old. Prodigal is a very smart little feUow, and unless the last furlong stops him he will very nearly carry his 6 at. 13 lb. home. Vernet is another tnat ought to cut a good figure, but to pick half a dozen I should take Fiyingpan, Dirk Hatteraick, Napier, Norfolk, King Lud, and Prodigal. Mr. Bar nard has not forgotten Guesswork, who gets 9 st. 2 lb. in the Midsummer Handicap. Stockwell at 8 st. 12 lb. is pretty well in, and so are Magnet 8 st. 5 lb., Anglesey 7 st. 11 lb., Dukedom 7 st 6 lb., and Capri 7 st In the Criterion Stakes we shall probably be repre sented by The Broker 8 st. 11 lk., and Man fred 7 st. 10 lb. If the latter be as good as reported be onght to take some beating, but Cultee reads well at 7 st. Mr. Wilson published the weights for the Gawler and ARC. Meetings on Thursday night. Dutchman's easy victories at the Mayor's Meeting have brought him a decided increase in weight, but he should still win the Gawler double if Mr. Winterbottom elects to Btart. 1 see Tancred is engaged in both meetings, and weight will not stop him at Gawler if he be in anything like his old form. Mr. Wilson makes Dutchman allow Shylock no less ; than 18 lb. for the Mayor's Handicap beating, and this ought to bring them toge ther: but Messalliance comes off badly, as she is asked to concede Shylock 5 lb. for a six lengths' beating. Royal Irishman and Belmont head the list in the Hew Year's Gift, bnt I donbt if either will be wanted, and the prise will probably fall to Dutchman, 7 at. 11 Id. Acceptances for both meetings are due on Tuesday next, at i o'clock. 