DIOCESAN SYNOD OF TASMANIA. A session of the Synod of the Church of England in Tasmania was opened yesterday. At 11 a.m. Holy Communion was celebrated at St. David's Cathedral, the Right Rev. Dr. Sandford, Bishop of Tasmania and Archdeacon Hales officiating, assisted, respectively, by Dean Bromby and the Rev. Canon Bailey. There were 45 communicants. The Synod met at the Synod-hall, Barring ton street, at 2-30 p.m., Bishop Sandford pro Hiding. After prayers, (the President tabled the following documents :-Oortlflcatos of his appointment and consecration as Bishop of Tasmania, notarial out of his con- secration, and notarial act of his installation, all of which documents were read by the Secretary (Rev. Canon Bailey), and ordered to be entered in the books of the Synod, and recorded therein for preservation. The President tabled ? certificates of the election of the lay representatives. The SECRETARY, Canon Bailey explained that lectures had been received from all the parishes in the diocese except Ross, and Carrick. The clergy were then called upon to exhibit to the President their letters of orders, letters of institution, and licenses. Archdeacon Hales explained to the President the reason why letters of institution and licenses could not be exhibited by some of the clergy. The lay representatives signed and presented to the Bishop the statutory declara- tion. The Secretary then called the roll. The following members answered : - Olergu : Archdeacon Hales, Dean Bromby, Canon Adams,- Canon Bailey, Canon Brownrigg, Canon Mason, Canon . Smith, Revs. G. E. Archer, A. R. A Beresford, B. K. Bourdillon, J. V Buckland, A. Cass, J. Chambers, E. Champion, J. Clampett, J. Evans, H R. Finnis, S. B. Fookes, T. Garrard, J. W. H. Geiss, J. 0. Hancock, W. Hogg, H. W. Hugill, OF L'Oste, J. C. Mace, A. Martin, W. F. Mitchell, J. G. Morling, W. W. F. Murray, J. Nethercott, J. H. Rowsell, F. B. Shar- land, L. Tarleton, E. H. Thompson, 0.11 Vaughan, A. Wayn, J. C. Whall, J. K. Wilmer, J. B. W. Woollnough, G. Wright. Lay Representatives : The Hon. A. Dobson, Messrs. R. P. Adams, J. S. Babington, W. Belbin, P. Belstead, J. R. D. Bethune, J. Bisdee,. T. G. Bisdee, Chas. Butler, H. W. Chapman, R. Clerk. 0. F. Collier, li. J. Ellis, W. H. Ferrall, Jos. Grant, W. Lovett, C. Maddock, J. O. O. McArdell, T. Morrisby, W. Newton, E. C. Nowell, Albt. Reid, W. C. Sharland, B. Shaw, E. O. Shaw, B. T. Solly, W. Tarleton, G. Waller. The President then declared the Synod duly constituted. The usual sessional orders were moved and passed. The following proposals for elections were adopted On Wednesday (this day. For three lay members of the Cathedral Chapter, from 7 to 0 p.m. 2. For members of the Council of Advice, sums hours. 3. Trials of the Church Court for the Archdea- conry of Hobart, i. Council of Patronage for the Archdeaconry of Hobart, s. Representatives in the general Synod. Also, that an election by ballot take place on Thursday next, from 3 to 5 p.m., form. The committee of the Diocesan Church Society. 2\. The Northern Finance Committee. 3\. The Southern Finance Committee. 4. Members of the Council of Advice to be elected by the laity. G. Triers of the Church Court for the Archdeaconry of Launceston. 0\. Council of Patronage for the Archdeaconry of Launceston. The report of the Church Society for 1882 ; the estimates for 1881 the Ripon Fund account, statement of the disposal of the State grant of the Parochial Fund and the Trial Fund; and schedule of documents relating to property belonging to the church were laid on the table and the financial reports were ordered to be printed. PETITION FROST BOTHWELL. Archdeacon Hales said that a petition from certain members of the Church of England in the parish of Bothwell had been presented to him, but the question was referred by those interested on one side to the decision of the Synod, and he therefore thought that it would be right for him to place the document in the possession of the Synod. The Church Advocate (Mr. R. P.;Adams) suggested that it would be better for the Archdeacon to found some notice of motion on the petition, which could not be received by the Synod as a petition, for the Synod could not deal with it, as it was not a petition to the Synod. . ; Archdeacon HALES said he was not going to frame any notice of motion on the subject, but left it to those interested in the matter to make a notice of motion. He merely wanted to put the Synod in possession of the document ; but of course, if the Bishop ' ruled that he could not do so, he should of course give way to the Bishop's decision. The President ruled that the petition could not be received as an official address to the Synod. What means Archdeacon Hales had of bringing it before the Synod must be left to his own determination. Mr. Tarleton suggested that the Archdeacon should ask leave to lay the petition on the table, for perusal by members interested in perusing it Canon MASON said he was about to ask leave, at the proper time, to move for a select committee on the question involved in the petition, and he thought that the committee would desire to have the petition for their guidance He thought, therefore, that the petition might well come to that committee. " The President thought that Mr, Tarlo ton's suggestion could well be followed. I Archdeacon Hales said he had no intention to bring the document before the Synod as a petition, but simply as an official document and then laid the document, and an accompanying letter, on the table. notices or motion. Archdeacon Hales,- That a select committee, consisting of Rev. A. Wayn, Canon Bailey, Mr. R. P. Adams, Mr. C. F. Collier, and Mr. F. Belstead, and the mover, be appointed to consider and report on the rights and powers of churchwardens. (Thursday next.) ' Canon Mason That it be an instruction to the secretary of the Synod to print and publish the address of the Right Rev. the President on this and all future occasions with the records of the Synod. (To-day.) ' j Rev. J. B. Woolnough That those words be added to rule 4 of the Church Society, " whose subscriptions may be given to the parochial or general stipend fund, and that to rule 15 he added, after the words " amount received," " for that purpose." ' Canon Mason,- For leave to introduce a bill to provide a fund for clerks who shall be Buporamiunted or permanently incapacitated, to be known as the Glories' Superannuation Act, 1883. (To-day.) Rev. li. H. Thompson,-That, bearing in mind the fearful vice and misery arising from impurity and immorality of aHkinds,niid'he grievous he advances caused thereby to the work ofChi-ÍHt'HCImrcli,thisSynodhoartilyappi'ovo8 of the general principles of the Social Purity Society, and urges upon all members of the Church of England the necessity of creating a purer and better public opinion upon the subject of social morality. Rev. H. U. Thompson,-That a committee, consisting of the Dove, Rev. Mr. Finnis, and Messrs. Solly and Collier, and the mover, be appointed to confer with those interested, and take such steps as may be thought best to form a branch of the Church Purity Society. Canon Smith To ask the treasurer of the Finance Cominitte(e, Whether during the year 1882, clause 8 in the Clergy and Widow's Orphan Fund has been complied with in the case of every clergyman holding a cure in the diocese and (2) Whether the resolution authorising the Finance Committee to deduct from the payments to the clergy the quarterly contributions due by them under sections 3 and 4 of the said Act has also been complied w Sir. Mr. J. O. O. McArdell.,-" That the Synod take into consideration certain proposals made by the present owners of the Rokeby parsonage respecting repairs, and other affairs connected with the building relative to the interests of the incumbency. (Thursday.) Rev. J. B. Woollnough, - That the Bishop be invited to appoint an inspector of religious instruction, whose duty it shall be to send to every incumbent before January, a course of teaching for the year, and in December sealed questions, reporting results of answers thereto to the incumbent, and through the Bishop to Synod. (Thursday.) Rev. A. Wayn,-That the permission of Synod be given to the incumbent and churchwarden the parish of Christchurch, Longford, to soil the present par- sonage and cards, provided that a house and land nearer the church can be purchased, or that a suitable site for the erection of a parsonage can be secured. (Thursday. Mr. TARLETON, -That the trustees of church property be authorised to borrow a sum not exceeding 1200 upon the security of a piece of land about to be conveyed to them by the VAD's Land Co. at Emu Bay, for tho purpose of building certain tenements thereon. (Thursday). I Canon Banks Smith to more, That a committee be appointed to prepare an address offering, on behalf of the Synod, con gyrations to Rev Canon Barry on his appointment to the office of Bishop of Sydney and Primate of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, with Comimttee to consist of the Dum, Canon Brownrigg, Rev C Vaughan, and the motor (So day ) Canon M ison to ask the Dean what amount of money has been received towards the completion of the cathedral, how the amount has been invested, and in whose naiLs ( line today ) i Killin in to Annul ss J the Pin sun at then read the following address - Mr. RJ man m Uni anus v ANA BiiFriniFN or mi' Lahy, It is with no ordinary feelings of thank fulness and satisfaction that I meet you assembled in Synod live one and anxieties of the Lpistoj nie and the duties and respon Hibiblici it controls, are always sufficiently long one But lo folio ho unequal to the but dull of them, as I have reason to feel in j self to do, they would prove absolutely over housing wore it not for the Divine pro mists, which classing and support under the deepest sense of personal insufficiency, and further, for the provision made for my cure! ance and help in the work to which I Wo board called. We owe flint provision first of all to be mercy of Almighty God, which he, kept the Anglican Communion so into and faithful on the whole, not only to the bench ings of Holy Scripture, but also to the win. copies of the Primitive Church. We owe it again, to the wisdom and prudence, of those who first organised the ecclesiastical arrangements of this diocese. and, who made synodical action a reality amongst us. And we owe it, once more, as I am happy to acknowledge, to the con-. siderate and generous spirit which has acts need the Government and Legislature of this colony. The Acts of Parliament they passed, and which met beforehand what practically, through the withdrawal of State aid and recognition, have secured to us and our successors, the status, jurisdiction, and property, which have been challenged, or even lost, elsewhere and above all, have enabled the Church of England in Tasmania to manage and control her own affairs as a free and independent and self-governing You will share with me, my brethren, in the feeling that a very solemn obligation and responsibility has thus been cast upon us. It binds us, out of very gratitude to Almighty God, the giver of all good, to our predecessors in the great trust committed to our scooping and to our civil rulers, to labour unsparingly in the endeavour to make our church, through God's grace and hold, a real active power for good and a source of highest blessing to the whole community of which we form a part. We shall do this most effectually IT steadfast adherence to the faith and polity the Church of England, many testing her principles and spirit, and reproducing, so far as we may, her features and character. Personal views and produce tions must be subordinated to this great end. We must either surrender her definite and distinctive teaching, nor allow her broad and comprehensive basis to be narrowed or abandoned. Itishorprivilogo and her glory to find a home within her borders for very varied temperaments and opinions. So long as men are honest and true to her standards and her Prayer Book, they have a right, not to more patronising toleration, at all times offensive and often even insulting, but to a frank and generous admission of their claim to the blessings and pi averages of her membership, and to a voice and influence in her corporate action. And I know of no duty more racing bent upon those more especially who are set to exercise ecclesiastical authority and rule in those days than that of practising a rigid watchfulness and self-restraint in their relations and bearing towards even the most widely divergent schools of thought which ran, ashore Biiicoroiy remove, the warrant for their practices and teaching in the formularies to which we all in common profess to adhere. For myself I hate and abhor all narrow ex- clusive domineering party spirit, as something essentially anti-christian. I pray to be delivered from it in my own heart, so that it may never tinge or affect my administration of this diocese. And I am persuaded that you, my beloved brethren, are of one mind with me in this matter. We are here happily far removed from the scenes of strife and debate, which mar the church's peace, and do much injury to the souls of men. The census of controversy, like the hot winds from the neighbouring continent of Australia, are modified and cooked before they reach these shores. They need not then favor our life-blood or disturb our calm. The interests and the charge committed to us, the work we have to do for God and for our fellow-men, are too great and momentous in their nature and issues to allow of our spending energy and strength in that which must inevitably destroy our influence, mar our usefulness, and hinder the success of our efforts for good. May God the Holy, Ghost, to Spirit of unity and love, keep us all over more and more in the bonds of peace and charity one with another. > Before I turn to consider with you the sub jests which specially demand our attention at this time, for me remind you in a few words of the character and functions of a Synod. ' - The Church of England Constitution Act, which authorises and enables us to meet in that capacity does not profess to originate those functions, or, still less to confer that character. Those are wholly independent, save only in their legal force and results, of any civil legislation. The act permits, the bishop, clergy, and lay representatives the Church of England in Tasmania to assemble in Synod. But it does not define the nature or working of a Synod. It recognises such an organism as already, potentially at least, existent. Parllamontclid not assume the power of creating, or require the church to create a new thing. It simply allowed a Synod to be convened from year to year. But such an enactment would have been idle and inoperative unless there had been a clear understanding on the part of Parliament and of the Church as to what a Synod was We are, therefore, thrown back on the ideal which must have been in the minds both of our legislators and of the members of the Church at the time. Where did they got that ideal ? Though the date is modern, only a few years back (1858), it was early in the history of revived synodical action, so far as the "Church of England was concerned. Indeed legislation was deemed necessary in order forenoon doubt, widely entertained. as to the legality of mom bars of that Church meeting in Synod at nil. Some affirmed that to do so would be a breach of the Royal prerogative, and involve the penalties of a premiere, or at least the forfeiture of rights and property enjoyed by the recognised representatives of the Church of England. The history of the Reformation gives us no clue, for Tudor supremacy would not have booked synodical action as we understand it. That supremacy was the outcome, of the victory of Henry VII. over the power of the barons, a victory which established the Royal authority and personal prerogative of the Sovereign in temporalities. Henry VIII. swore that there should be no tantrums or quantums in the formula, which acknowledged it also, in his august person, over the spirituality. But however, zealous a defender of the faith, Henry might be thought to be at home, we hardly reckon him as a theological authority, and no one will pretend that his assumptions were founded on any fairly selected "or verified catena patents. We have therefore to go still further back in our search for a model and precedent in this matter. We must travel' beyond mediaeval times till we find them in the acts and principles of the ancient church to which I have already referred, and on which our church has always professed to found her practice and her teaching., I am not going to discuss generally the' theory of Synods or the vexed question as to their constitution. There is difference of opinion as to the presence of the laity in Synod.: My own conviction is that the lay element is not only allowable, but expedient and indeed essential. I confess that I breathe more freely in an at mosphere of' which that element is a constituent. As in the State so in the Church, I hold that our social and ecclesiastical Ufo many- Tests in its features and requirements the mind and will of an over-ruling and Divine Providence. And I am convinced that they indicate it to be His will and purpose to throw upon the governed, in all rightly organised and healthful bodies, more especially in one which aims to be co-extensive and ultimately at least identical with the nation, a portion and share of the duties and responsibilities of government. A rigid adherence to a tom porary and partial type of Synod would exclude from them more than our lay member ship. It would confine them to the Episco- pate alone None but bishops sat and voted in the great economical councils. But a re- currence to first principles, and to the single precedent contained in Holy Scripture, will correct the balance and enlarge the ideal of a Synod. Elsewhere I have longed and pleaded for the revival of true Synodical action, now virtually in abeyance But I do not believe that it would meet and satisfy the needs of the church, or of the age and country, in its present exclusively clerical form. I would prefer indeed to see even the semblance of it pass away, and a purely Episcopal visitation, with perhaps the addition of a diocesan conference, take its place, unless the Synods be recast on the only sound and practical basis of a representation in them, not of the clergy alone, but of the whole Church. I believe such a representa- tion is essential to any real corporate action, and still more to the promulgation and enforcement of laws which are to bind and oblige every member of the body. If the " consensus plebis " wore needful for the establishment of a dog as a recognised article of the faith, much more must it be necessary for the validity and enforcement of rule And that consensus is not to be obtained by a plebiscite, or by running about the streets and the country to collect the suffrages of the populace It can only be given practically and adequately by the solemn and responsible act of duly elected and authorised representatives. If some of our brethren are uneasy as to the possible result loading to a departure from orthodox and catholic principles, I would invite them to consider this question, as they would do well to consider many other burning questions by the light of colonial experience, Hero, for instance, there was no doubt or hesitation as to the presence of the laity in Synod. But not loss was there also unquestioning and iinliositntiiHT acceptance of a primitive custom and principle which might have been thought likely to be specially dis- tasteful to a purely secular body such as our Tasmanian Legislature. Parliament suffered no infringement or limitation of the right of the Bishop to exercise a vote on all the pro ceedings of his Synod. The prevalent spirit in our fellow countrymen Is, as we know, im- patient of arbitrary power or of personal, even at times, of official, prerogative. In America that spirit has made it possible to pass laws in the face of dissent the part of the Chief Ruler of the State The President might have suggested deferred but ultimate over-ruling of the episcopal vote in the case of our Diocesan Synods at least. But the idea was never mooted during the discussion of our Church Bills,- either in the Synod itself, or in the Legislature, so for as I am aware. If our senators had been ecclesiastics and theologians, they could not have more readily adopted and adhered to one of the maxims of primitive Christianity " That nothing should be done without, the Bishop." I commend this fact to the attention of modern occloslologUls. and of the earnest but sensitive, and as I think, over-scrupulous minds just alluded to. It warrants the asser- tion that the ideal of a Synod, as it presented itself to the minds of those who drew the Bill, and passed it into an Act must be sought for in the history and practice of the rearly,church. And what was that ideal? It is universally allowed to have been that which in practice and affect, the assembly I am now addressing was intended to be. and is, " the Council of the bishops" in all that pertain to the interests and well being and work of the diocese over which he presides. It is in that 1 capacity, not merely as having certain business to transact, but as being my helper and advisors in the duties and administration of the office to which God has called me, that I invite your earnest consideration of the subjects suggested to mons of practical importance, even by the short experience I have had in this country. There will be formally presented to you the 'digest which has been compiled and published of the acts and resolutions of our Synod. It contains the Church Constitution Acts of our TnsmaniauParliamont.tho determinations of the General Synod the Church -of England in Australia and Tasmania, which you have adopted as part of the , Ecclesiastical law of our diocese, and the various enactments which have emanated from our own body, and have received the necessary Episcopal assent. We are greatly indebted to the committee who have revised and modified its contents, and more especially to Canon Bailey, the secretary of our Synod, who has edited the publication. You will doubtless acknowledge, and thank those gentlemen for the Horace they have thus effectively rendered. I wish I could express satisfaction with the result of their labours. The Digest is the only thing approaching to a code of canons . which we possess. Whether we can go on much longer without a more full and explicit set of rules is a very serious question. It leaves us in uncertainty as to the extent to which the ecclesiastical law of England affects and binds us in this diocese. It obliges the Bishop to act in very important matters without guidance or control. It is deficient in regard to procedure in many important matters, and to documents continually needed and in use. I am not disposed to press for further dealing with the subject at present. But I foresee the necessity of some larger and more definite legislation in regard to it ere long. And, in the meantime, I commend it to your thought and attention. Inthoabsonco'of rules prescribed by other authority, it is necessary for the Bishop to formulate and lay down such as are needful for the ordinary administration and business of the diocese, , in all cases in which I do this, it will be with the understanding that the right of the Synod to supersede any directions of mine, and to legislate on the subject matter of them, is distinctly acknowledged and reserved. I find upon enquiry that there has been no settled practice observed in regard to the institution of clergy. In several cases, incumbents of parishes have never been Insti- tuted at all in other words, they have never had the cure of souls formally and properly conferred upon them, although this is as essential and distinct an act as that of ordination itself. I must impress upon my clerical brethren the fact that they do not hold or minister in their parishes in virtue of their being in Holy Orders only, if it were so, then any ordained men might intrude his ministrations where he pleases. Again, they do not hold or minister in their respective (parishes in virtue of appointment by a patron. a law, such an appointment does not even -carry the enjoyment of their benefices ; because, no one enters on a bonfire, or receives the emoluments of it, till he has been formally admitted to it by the Bishop or his representative. Neither can they pro- perty hold their parishes, or minister in them, in virtue of their merely having been sent there to supply the duty for a time. Institu- tion to the cure of souls is a very solemn and authoritative acETontailing a great and awful responsibility. It is a spiritual and not a mere legal process, and one which I shall In all cases, if God will, perform personally, or- by deputy, in public, with prayer and the , celebration of the Holy Communion, so that all concerned may be duly certified of its character and issues. Then the letters of institution issued from the Diocesan registry, and presented to incumbents by the Bishop or other institution, must be carefully preserved, and be exhibited at visits -tions, or when required. Otherwise I do not see how due order and discipline are to be maintained, or parishes and dioceses to be guarded against unauthorised ministrations, for the titles of the clergy to their benefices' and other rights, among the rest to their Boats in Synod, to be established and well founded. In connection with this subject I have to request the clergy and churchwardens to be very careful that no clergyman who has not been instituted or licensed in the diocese be allowed to officiate in any of our churches or chapels, or at any of our recognised services for more than two Sundays without my knowledge and permission. And I have further to urge that great care should be exercised in the case of strangers offering to assist even at one service, that reasonable assurance may be for as to their being really what they represent themselves to be. The churchwardens will bear in mind that they have a claim to be satisfied on this point, and. power to enforce this claim by actual prohibit bition, if there is adequate cause. I have been advised that surrogates require in all cases to be re-appointed by myself, as they are representatives, according to the Act of Parliament, of the Bishop for the time being The appointment is limited to those in actual charge of parishes, or to others solely at their request. The surrogates, t doubtless, understand that in issuing licenses they are to be guided strictly by the table of affinity and consanguinity within which marriage is not allowable. If any case of doubt or difficulty arises, it will be well to, refer Immediately to me that I may consider and determine it in consultation with my proper legal advisors. ," In accordance with the law the various parishes will be duly' summoned to decide. as required after the election and meeting of a, now Synod, by whom the patronage of their respective' cures is to be exercised. In one instance, where it was taken for granted that' _ the patronage had lapsed or been confided to " the Bishop, and yet no proof of either fact was forthcoming, it seemed to me expedient to suggest that the parishioners should be invitcdito'interest themselves in the appoint- merit of their pastor, and in the provision to be made for him and so I declined to avail myself of any supposed right, and made only temporary arrangements for the duty. I am anxious in this and every case that the parish should come to know its own mind, and be led to take some united action. We need to have the essential unity of a parish specially impressed upon the members of the several widely scattered congregations it may happen to contain. Otherwise each of these will be apt life think only of itself and its separate and sometimes conflicting interests, The clergyman will be distracted by. the assertion of claims out of all proportion to the relative population and needs of the locality and to the amount of time and labour he can rightly assign to it. And, above all, a more narrow and selfish Congregationalism | will ignore the duty each Incumbent owes to the outlying districts and isolated settlers and the responsibilities the church throws' upon him with regard to every single household and soul which does not reject his mind stationed in the whole district committed to his care. How to promote this unity in our parishes, and to quicken the sense of this grave responsibility, is to me a matter of the most anxious concern and thought I shall leave occasion to refer to it again when I come to ' speak of home mission work and ministrations in parts of the island not included within our donned parochial boundaries. In, -the meantime I must return to the subject of patronage. I hope the notion I have taken' in one particular instance will not be thought to imply that in my opinion it is not well as a rule to entrust the appointment of the clergy to the Bishop. It is very far from being so. I do not indeed cover or so Fish to grasp at the power of making these appointments. ' They involve a great deal of trouble and aux Tory, a constant liability to pressure and solicitation, and subsequent reflection as to due care having been exercised in the selection of LCl6ry,andthoobtaining of needful information Jand insight into the needs and characteristics of each locality. But, in the face of these, I am inclined to press on your consideration the question whether a supply of properly qualified candidates for employment in the diocese and the mainland by any Time lm nlltel'talllcd of inducing them to come to the isolated and arduous positions war hav o gene rally to offer, unless the Bishop be enabled to promise something more debate and certain than ""merely nomination to the Council of Patio again the case of an actual or expected in cane). On this subject, I am content to adopt the statement and suggestion of my right reverend brother, the Bishop of New castle, to the Synod of his diocese It seems to me that there is great force in his argument as to the desirability of giving to the Bishop the right to present rate namely with Council, and thus seem mg the possibility of his being able to bestow performers on those who would be willing to come here with Homo continuity of employment, but -f~--"1- Tf a Grimm Hint , the Bishop may be able to induce man whose qualifications and powers are known to him, or to his commissaries in England, to make the necessary venture, when perhaps it might be impossible to do no under other circumstances. When the time comes for full consideration of this important matter, I shall advise that it be either- referred to a select committee, or still better, be proceeded with by way of a bill introduced into Synod by those most competent to deal with it wisely and effectively. Iresono till then the fuller s expression of my opinion on it. The adoption of the supply of clergy for work in the diocese naturally suggests the still more dinnertime question as to the training of candidates for Holy Orders and the qualifications in which may reasonably be looked for and exuded from them. This is one of the most pressing and anxious , with which a Bishop has to deal, more U especially in the Colonial Church. Audit .-' connects itself, in our case, with the fact that finally. I ' J . we have a considerable Ondowmoiit at our command for general education In Tasmania ; with two public institutions, not, indoors, under our mnnngoinoiifc, but with the Bishop as visitor, and so far, Ihoroforo, pos Hossod of an ostensibly church character and in the original constitution of Christ's College, revised and amended byaschoiiiogivon to us with the authority of the Supreme Court of this colony, n provision made for a Theological department. If these elements of a great educational system had been on or getically and liberally made use of, with wise and courageous determination to build upon them a broad and comprehensive scheme which should have supplied existing and future needs, we might at this moment have been able to afford all the higher education required not only in Tasmania, but, with our temperate and healthy climate and other local advantages, in the neighbouring colonies as well. Whether It is too late even now I am hardly as yet able to judge Nor can I say whether the time has come to propose to the general community the endeavour to lay the foundation of a Tasmanian University to which Christ's College might be alleviated, and to which we should contribute in other ways to the utmost extent of our power. It is sad and depressing mean while to see.. the college, with its means and opportunities, with the learning and ability of its warrion, practically a failure, and of no benefit either to Church or State. Tin's Synod has no power to legislate in re Wardle it, nor, unless some remedy or expo tout be forthcoming, will it be well, I think, to pass resolutions or express opinions which might simply embarrass and complicate matters still further. But in the meantime, a plain duty solicits and obliges me I am called upon to adopt or prescribe some standard which candidates must reach before they are admitted to holy orders. Before I do this formally, and finally, I wish to have the opportunity of consulting Archdeacon Davenport (whose absence from this session of Synod you will all unite with me in regretting, and who will, I hope, be good enough to act as my principal examining chaplain, and, together with him, the Dean, the Archdeacon of Launceston, and the other clerical members of the chapter. Meanwhile I must judge of and decide each case according to the special circumstances, and as I may see fit or be advised regarding it. Those left to me by my predecessor will be accepted, and dealt with so far as I possibly can do so, in accordance with his undertakings and promise. But, in respect of new applications, it may prevent misunderstanding and disappointment if I state clearly and decidedly That not even the most pressing exigencies will induce me to confer holy orders on any man who does not entirely, satisfy the examiners and myself as to his being duly qualified. If we dispense with university or collegiate training in any candidate it will only be on proof that more than ordinary mental and spiritual attainments are present in him. For my estimate of what is absolutely essential, in a bush parish for example, has been rather- heightened than the contrary by a short experience A clergy- man may have to meet questions and difficulties in the moment, unassisted, away from his books, or from advice and help]), in working a parish or mission in the colonies, when, elsewhere, with a clerical neighbourhood and ready access to those of greater knowledge and learning, he would have another resource than his own pooracliolarshipor theological requirements to enable him to answer and satisfy conscientious doubts and earnest enquiry. Our lay brethren are keeping themselves abreast of the thought and knowledge of the age It is surely neither expedient nor safe that the clergy who are set to help and to teach them should be ignorant and wanting in this respect. My brethren in the episcopate as well as my own diocese have a right to the assurance that, so far as I am concerned, Tasmania shall not be the refuge of the ill qualified and unworthy, and the source from which not only our own parishes, line the other dioceses of our church might be flooded by them. I have just alluded in speaking on this important point to the chapter of my cathedral, and hinted at a selection from that body as advisors to be consulted by the Bishop in connection with it. It is obvious that there are duties which the members of a capitular body have to discharge which do not require that they should possess the clerical character. The tenure and management of property, the care and maintenance of the cathedral church, the arrangements needed for services and diocesan and other functions, these and such like are elsewhere wisely as I think, entrusted to a " Cathedral Board, in which laymen have seats. But a Cathedral Chapter, as such, has clerical and spiritual offices to perform. The ministrations and preaching, in the cathedral, and in missions attached to the cathedral, assisting the Bishop in over- taking the spiritual works and needs of his, diocese, advising him in matters purely and exclusively spiritual, and many others, are not within the sphere and competence of the laity. It is therefore not easy to discover the uses to which a mixed chapter of clerical and lay members can be put. We have no capi- tular estates. The dean as incumbent of St., David's and the churchwardens of the parish are quite competent to manage its temporal affairs, and in fact must have done so, as I learn that there have been years in which the chapter has never met. And it is very obvious that at this moment the chapter does little or nothing to justify or even to account for, its existence, while the canons have no position or duty assigned to them in the cathedral or elsewhere, and the dean has no stated and regular assistance ' from them whatever. Now, I have too great respect for the body in itself, and too much regard and affection for my reverend brother on the canons, to be willing that this state! of things should continue. Sensible prairie' are impatient of empty titles. I say, with all frankness, that I regard it as anything but an honour to ask the most highly considered of our clergy to hear such titles. And so I i trust that something may be done to render our chapter a reality and a benefit to the church, and not, as I am afraid we must to- a card it at present, a mere nominal limbra. Whether it has power under our statute to reform itself, whether the . by- laws it is authorised to make be sufficient for the purpose, whether the Synod would do, well to pass a resolution or an Act, I must leave to further consideration. But however it may best be done I shall not be content until I see the rights of the chapter acknowledged, and proper duties , assigned to it and fulfilled Ijy it. And more especially the canons occupying their proper position in St. David's and its pulpit and services, not on sufferance nor by request, ' but in their own right. - There is one purpose the cathedral should serve, to which attention has recently been called. Its music should be a model to all the churches of the diocese, not necessarily for exact imitation, but in respect of general character and style. By means of a Choral Union, or a Diocesan ! Choral Festival, or in some such way, it should influence our general congregational singing and the rendering of our praise and worship. So too the cathedral should be the centre and quickness of our church life. ' Our different church organisations should find in it a home, our clergy and lay workers a rallying point and place of, refreshment. 'I know how difficult it is to carry out all this in the case of a scattered population and other features presented by a thinly settled country. But we are the better of having -the ideal kept before us, and, of being thus invited to aim at it according to our opportunity and power, and to hope and pray that what is lacking may come to be supplied in God's good time and way. . » ,' . ,,' Home mission work is one object to which a cathedral body has always been expected to devote its energies and attention I have touched upon it already, as suggested by the position and work of our parochial clergy It will require much more extended and well lnfoimcdbnndling think it is possible for me to get to it at this moment I am as yet only partially acquainted with the Island and its dependencies which are emba need in my diocese But I know enough already to show that the Bishop of Tasmania must be much more of a missionary than is generally supposed Population is increasing Mining and agricultural settlements in developing, The miles of emigration is expected to gather volume every year And we have already parishes too huge and numbers too great, and settlers too widely scattered, for our present staff of clergy, and the means at our disposal for supporting them, or supplying even the slightest admit tion to them I will do all in my power, with God's help, by visitation and personal BOivico My eyes have already ranged over the whole of Tasmania, where there are families or individual battles, but only on the map My heart is set on leaving no place and no island um visited by the Bishop him self I am anxious toboeomopoisonally ac quainted, not only with existing parishes and congregations, with our churches and Sunday schools, but also at 4th our outlying districts and population But what can one Bishop, even if he wore a Wilberforce or a Selwyn, do in the wide to acts of country which should be made to feel that they're all, without exception, objects of the Church a care and solicitude My desire is to penetrate late every part, and to leave home without a new" ' l , "" t "t the chief pastor of this disease is not unmindful of them or in different to their welfare. But for this I need two things which I must look to have supplied by the zeal and liberty of our fellow churchmen. First, it is requisite that a proper control administration and office should be provided for the actual existing business which I cannot always be in Hobart to transact. I make no reflection on the past, or on arrangements which may have been the only ones feasible at the time. But no one can overtake and discharge the business of this diocese without such assistance as I am not able to command. I When, for example, the diocesan registry has been merged iii the maintenance of clerical ministrations at the cathedral, and the Bishop finds himself without a single pro- perty paid official to whom he can look for the transaction of the most ordinary routine of diocesan correspondence, and the like to which it is simply impossible that he should personally attend throughout the year. This is one requisite, absolutely essential in itself, which, in some way or other, must be supplied, if my ordinary duty is to be performed as it ought to be. QVIJ, inven wi cavity Biillhoro is another and even more claimant noon, to which I must beg your earliest attention. I cannot carry on the work of the diocese, even as already organised and in operation much loss meet the calls for ministrations not as yet provided, without having increased means at my disposal and com mind. The state of our finances, more especially in the Southern Archdeaconry, will be brought before you in connection with the report of the Church Society, and the estimates for the on Hiung year, and also by resolutions already placed on the agenda papers. It is a subject full of anxiety and difficulty. I have proposals to make for the institution of a Bishop of Tasmania's fund, which, if carried out, will do something to secure an increase of endowment. This will greatly relieve my mind and strengthen my hands is, as I say, it be carried into execution. But, in the mean- time, we have to face and deal with an actual and ascertained deficiency. I will not discuss the question now, but commend to your consideration and acceptance the suggestion made by the report of the General Committee of the Church Society that a special committee be appointed to consider the whole subject of church finance, and more particularly of clerical stipend, and to report to the Synod. I strongly advise the careful selection of the members who are to serve on the committee, and the enlargement of it to the number of at least 15, that it may be a fairly representative and comprehensive body. I am ready to be examined before the committee if it should be thought desirable, and to furnish them with information as to what I am prepared to do in order to raise the fund of which I have just spoken. It has seemed to me that this would be altogether better and more effective than rushing into a scheme, or holding a public meeting to inaugurate it, before it is thoroughly considered and matured by those most competent to advise and best informed as to the needs of the diocese, and the capabilities of our church people to supply them. At this moment it seems possible that even the poor and inadequate stipends assigned to the clergy may not be forth- coming. Surely, neither the Synod nor the members of the church throughout the island will he content to allow such a failure of our hopes and promises to produce the hardships it must entail, and the disgrace it will bring upon us. We are the church of the majority in this colony. By far the larger proportion of the land and wealth of the community. Is possessed, I suppose, by our members. Is it too much to expect under those circumstances that we shall not be left to complain of and be hampered by the lack of means adequate to the requirements of our great work and responsibilities. I say this with the conviction that there is not a member of the Synod who, if he occupied my place, would not be prepared to use even stronger language than I have allowed myself to do. I am the assorted and the pro- tector of the rights and interests of my clergy. It is natural that I should have the deepest sympathy with them in all that concerns their welfare. But the question of church finance and even of stipend does not affect them only It is one which is far wider in its bearing and influence on the whole church and the ministrations of religion generally And so I trust it will be felt to be, not only by the members of Synod, but also by the diocese at large for the present, with a limited exchequer, we can barely support the very inadequate number of clergy and services represented in our returns from these would be still less sufficient and effective if it were not for the assistance render oil so do v otedly nndjrrntuitously by our lay i orders It is impossible to refer to them without a grateful acknowledgment of their labours, and a tribute of heartfelt thanks, and of the very highest appreciation of their work from myself as thou bishop It is my wish to have a full list of their names in my register, and also to arrange in every case for their being properly and formally licensed where this has not been already done It will also be a subject for future consideration whether In the absence of any rules laid down for my guidance some definite conditions and regulations should not be set forth in order to render this branch of our church organisation still more efficient One or two matters line nho-idybcen intimated ns subjects of resolutions to be brought for in and by members of Synod I hope Mr. Wilson will not be satisfied without some discussion at least of the various questions which affect our church j aids and cemeteries, and more especially that of consecration I am afraid that many have never been conse created, and I confess that I regret the denominational character home by the ground set apart for the interment of the dead I mean that when churchyards are closed the Sometimes are so often known by sectarian designations In Scotland, divided as it is in religious opinions above most countries on earth, the public cemeteries are common to all, and in very numerous instances have been consecrated by our Bishops at the request of the Board of Man- agement Mr Thompson's resolution as to social purity will suggest the action taken elses here, specially in the diocese of Durham, and the consideration of the extent to which it is possible and dose able to follow such an example by a similar movement among ourselves While among the safe guards and preventive measures we can adopt, you will agree it 4th me in reckoning a well organised and developed system of Sunday schools and other means of religions instruction I am thankful to know that this has been a marked feature of our parochial work in Tasmania, and hope that notice will be given of a motion to provide for regular in spection of on Sunday schools, and the compilation of a syllabus of inst notion to be pursued in them, and other methods of systems riding and still f or their ships or mg thou teach nig, so as to render them as effective as we can As soon as I have over taken the press ing and immediate calls on my attention and services, I shall intimate to the clergy the plan of visitation and the time of the annual confirmations in their various parishes I must ask them to an angry their Classes for preparation accordingly I have confined myself in this my first Synodal address to subjects which relate exclusively to our own immediate needs and it 01 k The time has not arrived for me to look beyond the confines of the diocese, or to deal with our external relations on matter a of general interest, how over important they may be But there are two to which I must briefly refer before I close The Bishop of Melbourne has laid the whole Church, and those more especially who have to deal with current speculation and thought, under a very deep obligation by his able and generous and most helpful address delivered at the recent session of his Church Assembly It would no presumptuous in me to praise his utterances, or to think Umtali) thing I might say could add to their effectiveness or to the estimation in which the Bishop himself is hold We are happy here in catching the echoes of his accents, and fi easing the pain tions of the life he has much to 1 to the minds and souls of men in cry where throughout the colonies I congi regulate the Australian Church in possessing such a pi class and such a teacher And I have further to congratulate that church and our selves in the conclusion of the difficulties which beset the election of a Pi minto We may well for got these difficulties now in the presence of the result Di But), the Bishop of Sydney, and our Pri rate elect, will be a gain to that diocese and our whole chin eli, such as may well fill our hearts with gratitude for his appointment, and the most bright and hopeful anticipations of the effect which his great form ning and attainments, but, above all, his high character and entire devotion rarely equalled powers, to his blessed Master s bodice, cannot fail to produce I can speak for our personal knowledge, going back more than anyone I profited then by his teaching, and rejoice to think that I may now to have the pi average of w o k in,,' under him as one Primate It will be a gratification to me if the Synod should see it well to expresses Di San your feelings of thankfulness and joy of his acceptance of the Primacy, and the assurance of our share in the welcome with which his arrival in Australia will be groomed, and of our prayers and best wishes that the grace and blowing of Almighty) God may lost on him and his T- «ft rate of have only further to notice the return of our friend, Mr. Tarleton, to his place in Synod in restored health, and with, I trust, the prospect of serving the church for many years to come, as he has done in the past so faithfully and well. You will regret that the Hon. Dr. Butler, the Speaker of the House of Assembly, has been obliged to relinquish the seat in synod which he has held, I believe, from its first formation. The only changes I have to report since my arrival in the diocese among the clergy officiating in our parishes are the resignation of the Mersey by Mr. Batchelor, and the appointment of Mr. Hogg, curate of Holy Trinity, Launceston, as his successor. The Rev. N. H. Cole has been nominated to the curacy vacated by Mr. Hogg. Mr. Hancock has been transferred from the parish of Buckland to the temporary charge of Holy Trinity in Hobart. Mr. Finnis has been instituted to the incumbency of St. John's the Baptist in this city, vacant by the resignation of Canon Bailey J and Mr. Rowsell has been licensed in the meantime to the duty at Rokeby and Clarence Plains. I have consecrated the church at Lefroy, and have laid the found tion stone of a new church at Sorell, and have] hold confirmations at South Arm, Glenorchy, New Town, and All Saints, Hobart, besides preaching and visiting, so far as time would allow, in Hobart, Launceston. and various parts of the island. I hope, if God spare me to meet you another year, to have a fuller and more satisfactory report to present you of my episcopal! acts. And now, my brethren, I commend you and your deliberations to the grace of God, pray- ing that His Holy Spirit may guide and over-rule all our words and actions to the glory of His great name and the welfare of the diocese committed to our charge. The President concluded amid hearty applause. On the motion of Archdeacon Hales, seconded by Mr. Tarleton, it was resolved That a select committee be appointed consider the Bishop's address, the committee to consist of the Dean, Canon Bailey, Mr. B. Shaw', Mr. B. T. 8olly,*aud mover." fruit vines IIOTIIWI M CHURCH Canon Mason moved,-" That a select committee, consisting of the Dean, Canon Adams, Rev A Wayn, Misses I Bullet, J Bisdee, W 'Tarleton, Jas Grant, W C Sharland, and the mover, be appointed to consider the proposal with reference to the severance of inlucsfsin the Church fabric in the parish of Raf his oil, is made by the Ven Archdeacon Hales on behalf of the Church of England parishioners of that circle the Presbytery of Hobart, and the answer of the Picshytuy thereto, and to suggest the best mode of arrangement Dio committee to report during the session 'The motion was seconded and tamed The Synod then adjourned to 7 a m The Synod who assembled at 7 o clock. CHURCH I'INANOLS Mr BirsirAD moved, pursuant to notice, "Hutt a select committee be appointed to consider the present condition of the finances of the Church, and report to Synod during the present session, to consist of the following members Archdeacon Hales, Rev G Vaughan, Rev. Canon Mason, Rev C J Brammall, Rev Canon Adams, Rev J B W Woollnough, Mr C P|Colhoi, Mr W Lovett, Mr T Hamilton, Mr W O Sharland, Mr B Shaw, Mr R J Lines, Mr C J Parsons, Mr C J Maxwell, Mr B T Solly, and the mover ' In doing so he said that the motion embraced several other questions which was of included in the notice paper for the present session of the Synod, but it was with no intention of interfering with these questions, but, in consideration of the gravity of the matter, that he proposed to submit it to the calm and serious consideration of a committee before it was brought before the Synod It must be patent to all that the financial position of the church was very unsatisfactory memory Inspector clergy and laity alike, and it was necessary that some means should be devised to remedy that state of affairs 'The Com mittees, he believed, omba need the names of gentlemen who had devoted a considerable amount of attention to the subject, and who would be able to give the time necessary to consider it Mr W Lovett seconded the motion, and endorsed the remarks of the mover He had seen for years that some alteration would have to be made in the financial system of the diocese, and the matter could only be arranged by the appointment of a committee in the first instance In reply to Mr Tarleton. the mover said that the report t could probably be submitted, and its consideration entered upon on Thursday evening Rev J A Wool LNOUaii said that the subject was of the very greatest importance, and the committee which it was proposed to appoint would hardly have time to consider the matters which would be brought before them and report during the present season, and even if they could do so it would be utterly I impossible for the Synod todoits duty towards the consideration of the question Rev J C Whall spoke to similar of feet. The SECRETARY said it seemed to be taken as a matter of course that the session must close with the present week there would certainly be a difficulty in clergymen being absent from their respective cases on the in immediate Sunday, but the Bishop had the power of authorising them to do so, and utilise lay leaders for the emergency He hoped that members would feel that they had very important business to transact, and make up their minds to allow the session to extend into the following week Mr B 1' Soli Y said it seemed to him a matter of utter impossibility for the committee to fully consider the matter by linn s day, and any report they could submit would be crude and ill prepared, and provocative of much dissension He thought, however, that many suggestions would be thrown out the interim, as it were, during the session, which could be referred to the committee and be carefully considered by them during the recess There were some changes which might be very advantageously made without waiting for the report of the committee, and without interfering with any action they might dpndn noon Archdeacon Hales suggested that the motion should be annexed to provide that the committee draw up an ad interim report during the present session, and that they submit an exhaustive report at the next meeting of the Synod. This would ensure the careful consideration of the subject. Mr. E. C. Nowell said that things had hitherto been conducted in a slipshod manner, and in his mind if there was work which rendered it necessary for them to prolong their sittings into next week they should do so. A long experience had shown him evils of hasty dealing with such matters. There was an absolute necessity of finding some way of supplying the deficiency in the funds of the diocese He knew there were many well able to support the church who only gave their beggarly is. a year, and there should be some means of sharing soph people He trusted that the committee would not be so bound by time as to deal with the matter in a slipshod style. The Treasurer of the Church Society said he should be very sorry for the notion to got abroad that the church suddenly found itself in a great financial difficulty, and fast going backwards. Such was not the case, for the balance-sheet would show that they had increased their revenue very largely of late years, but the expenditure had increased in a still greater ratio, and considering the falling-off in state , aid, etc., he considered it a matter for con- gratulation that they were in their present position. He could say, as the treasurer of the Church Society, that the revenue of the general fund had increased very considerably during the last few years. He advocated the committee taking plenty of time to consider their report. Mr. C. Maddock moved, as an amend- ment,-" That such report shall be brought up at the next session of Synod." Mr. Sully seconded. Mr. W. Lovett, Mr. E. C. Nowell, Archdeacon Hales, and the Rev. J. B. W. Woolls never supported the original resolution, and Mr. Tarleton the amendment. After fur til cr discussion, the amendment was lost, and the original motion was carried. VOTE OF SYMPATHY. Mr. Lovett by leave without notice, moved,-" That the Synod express its regret that, in consequence of an accident which happened to Mr. Barnard, it was deprived of his valuable services during the session. ' , i I ii The President said he regretted, the unavoidable absence of Mr. Barnard, and had had hoped up to the last moment that he would have been present. The motion was carried. PURCHASE OF CHURCH LANDS, Mr. B. Shaw moved,-"That a standing, committee be appointed for purpose of purchasing at sales of crown lands, or otherwise, suitable allotments in towns or other places, for sites for the future erection of churches andparsonagcs.ond for endowments." It was very desirable, he said, that sites should be secured in now localities where land was at low prices. He had known instances where she could have been purchased not long ago for as many shillings as they would now cost pounds, but could not be obtained owing to the absence of any such provision as this. They should take the precaution to secure sites before-' they required them for immediate occupation, as the value of the allotments was rapidly increasing. The matter of funds would best be left in the hands of the standing committee. The amounts required would be but small. , Mr. Belstead seconded the Emotion Archdeacon Hales supported the resolution, and suggested that there should be two committees, one. each for Hobart and Launceston. Mr. Tarleton saw no reason why, if proper representations were made to the Government, the Government should not be induced, in laying out the townships, to reserve plots of land upon which churches could be erected. Mr. Lovett moved, as an amendment, " That the committee of the Diocesan Church Society be instructed to purchase land suitable for the future erection of churches and parsonages, and for endowments, from funds which may come into their hands for that ¡JUOIJUOB. j Mr. Collier'sccondod. Rev. J. M. Norman said, in reply to what ] had fallen from Mr. Tarleton, it was true that in times past the Government had made reserves for church purposes, but had since, wherever they could, resumed possession of the land, even sometimes when it had been in possession of the church for years. (2 No, no," and " Yes, yes.") He could mention several instances of indecent haste on the part of the Government to rob sister churches. It would be useless to apply to the Government for reserves, as suggested by Mr. Tarleton. He did not advocate the appointment, as proposed, of an irresponsible committee. Mr. A. Dobson said he should vote for the resolution of Mr. Shaw, as it could not do any harm, and might do a vast amount of good. As regards what had been said about reserves, it was the law of the land that no land could be set apart for church purposes. The Rev. C J. BRAMMALL supported the Rev. C. Vaughan said he should vote for the amendment. Mr. Newell suggested that the object of the resolution, and also of the amendment, could be attained by so altering the wording of the regulations of the Diocesan Church Society as to give power to the society's committee to acquire land not only for the erection of churches and parsonages as could be done at present, but also for endow- ments. The Church Advocate heartily approved of the resolution, but deprecated the proposed committee being able to run the Synod into debt. To avoid the possibility of that, he suggested the addition to the resolution of the words, provided that funds be obtained from local sources," Archdeacon Hales apprehended that Mr. Shaw did not contemplate running the Synod into debt, but that the committee should be able to bring its influence to bear on people in rising districts, and persuade them to provide the necessary funds for the purpose of small reserves of land for church purposes. Mr. Shaw said he did not intend that one shilling of the money required should come your . co-.'., on '. sells 8 e 'n n from the Synod, or from any fund with which the Synod was connected Mr Char es Bun in said that if they were to support the chin as they must have endowments of some kind, and, on the understanding that the Synod would not be made responsible for the payment of any postal ments in connection with the purchase of land, is suggested by Mr. Shaw, on to be of a red payment system, he should support the i (solution Canon Brownrigg supported the whole history, to which he suggested the following words should be added, "that the Northern and Southern finance committees be in structed to me go and encores ago local efforts for the purchase of any lands that may offer from time to time " Mr. T Srj-iHFNS supported the motion generally, but could not do so in some par totalled s He would move of as an amendment, unless such were embodied in the motion, that the words " out of any of her than Synod funds" be inserted after the word purchasing " The SECRETARY quite agreed with Mr Shaw, in that some one should be empowered to carry out the purchase of clan cb lands, etc. , but he could not agree in delegating the work to the Diocesan Church Society A body was already in existence to deal with the matter, viz , the council of advice 'the Pin SLUENl confessed that his experience in Tasmania had shown him how very greatly they had suffoicdinthopast, for want of some such body as Mr Shaw proposed and sincerely hoped that some effect would be given to the motion brought before the wood Mr Shaw said that, with the permission of the Synod, he would alter his motion so as to embody the suggestions thrown out during the discussion Instead of a single committee he would propose a committee for each of the two archdeacons lessons in the North, and another in the South-and make them composed entirely of laymen asbestos acquainted, as a rule, turn clergymen, with the require- months of the colony Reference had been made to the responsibility which would do volve upon the Synod, and to meet all views he would insert, after the word "pin chasing," the words "with other than Synod funds" This would prevent the Synod becoming in any way liable It had also been said that the committee should have to get the approval of the church trustees to any purchase of land This certainly could be done, but it seemed scarcely necessary As a matter of necessity, all title would have to be made out in the name of the trustees of church property There were many wealthy men in the colony who, he believed, would come forward, and help them in the matter of erecting churches An additional reason why this work should not be left to the church Society was that the meetings of that body were held in Hobart once only every three months, and in many instances useless delay would thus be involved There were many suitable allotments in the townships on the West Coast and elsewhere, which it would be desirable to immediately secure The amendment was then put and liege tived The motion was carried in an amended form as follows -That a standing committee be appointed [in each archdeaconry] for tho purpose of purchasing [with other than Synod funds] at sales of Crown lands, etc OFMFTI'RI MANAGEMENT The Rev J K Wilmer moved,-"That a select committee, of six members, be appointed to draw up rules and regulations for the management of all cemeteries and burial grounds belonging to the Church of England in tasmania, and to report during the pre- sent session of the Synod " He said he had found no rules for the instruction of curates in the management of church) aids, such as were necessary for their guidance, and hence he moved as above Mr Share and seconded the motion The Rev C Vaughan said he thought the matter could not be satisfactorily dealt with during the present session, and suggested that the last phrase of the motion be struck out Mr R P Adams pointed out that the matter would be more difficult to deal with than the mover anticipated The formulation of rules would not avoid difficulties and its rules that had already prison, but business tact might do so Canon Mason approved of the object of the resolution. Archdeacon Hales desired that the matter should be postponed till after the discussion of his own motion concerning this subject. The Rev. J. M. Norman said that any difficulties might be prevented by care and management. Mr. Wilmer in reply mentioned an instance of crowding graves up to within 2ft. of the surface. The President asked the Church Advocate whether the Synod had any power to prevent such a proceeding. The Church Advocate said that he did not think they had any power to interfere in such a case. The law should be altered to deal specifically with these matters if the powers already possessed by the church officers were not sufficient. The Synod then divided on the motion, with the following result Ayes, 27 ; noes, 12. Majority for the motion, 15. The following were appointed the committee The Dean, Canon Mason, Rev. A. Wayn, Messrs. Collier, Elliston, and the mover. alteration on committee. The name of Mr. Belstead was substituted for that of Mr. B. Shaw on the committee appointed to consider the Bishop's address. alteration of rules in digest. The Secretary moved-" That in resolu i tion 1, under the heading " Patronage," the words, United Church of England and Ireland," be expunged, and in lieu thereof the words Church of England, or of some church in full communion with the Church of England," be inserted." The motion was seconded and carried. adjournment. I . At 25 minutes to 11 o'clock, the Synod and journed to 2-30 p.m. next day. 