SPOUTING NOTES, VICTORIAN TROTTING CLUB. The above club held another " mixed" meeting on Saturday afternoon, on their prettily situated course ut Elsternwick Park. Though tho weather was not all that could ho desired there was a rather better attendance of tho public than usual, showing that tho club's popularity is increasing, Tho trotting events wero on this occasion of a more interesting character than they have proved -hitherto, somo of tho finishes in tho mile heats for fbe 50 sov. purse being very close. No few.er than five heats bad to he run oil before one horso succeeded in winning three of Ifiom. Including the heats, no less than nine events altogether were gone through, so that there was very little time to sparo between the contests. The proceedings were enlivened by the presence of the Bavarian band. The racing commcuced with tbo Maiden Trot, which was easily appropriated by Dick Goldsborough, who gets over tho ground in good stylo while apparently going with tbo greatest case. Wasp and Boss wore tho only other competitors. The latter did not appear to be willing to try, going very unkindly. In the 50 Sovs, Purse for the 2.45 class the starters were Contractor, Granger, Von Moltke, jun., und Sylph, all well known trotters. Granger won the first heat, Von Moltke being second, and Contractor third. Iu tho remaiiiingnoats tho Jattor showed decided superiority of pace, losing only the tho third heat, iu which. Von Moltkegot home first, but was placed last, as tho judges considered that he had broken too often. The horse certainly did not seem to bo under the pro per control of his driver, as ho was continually breaking. In thefourth heat the horses finished, Contractor first, Granger second, Sylph 3rd and Von Moltko fourth; andin the fifth heat tbo posi- tionsatthofinlaiiwereexaolIysimUar. Seven horses came out for the Selling Race, Pirate having been scratched. Westbury won in good style, Nymph getting second place and Hunter third. Tho winner won bought in for ids selling prico, £»>0. For tho Fines Handicap ihcro were 16 horses named 'on tho card, but half the number only, however, faced the starter, .Stationer and Zephyr being most fancied. Tho win ner turned up in Crumorne by Oliver Twist, Zephyr being second and Stationer third. Tho winner pulled up vory lamo, and will probably not bo able to rueo again for somo tiuio. This was caused by some parts of tho track being soft sand, whiio in othor places it is like a metal road; Only four horses caino to tho post for tho Hurdlellaco. Diligont and Merry Maid being tho favorites. Nigger, however, proved himself too good for tho other three, winning easily at tho finish, the running of Merry Maid uuito disap pointing those who had backed her. A printed warning to trainers, riders and drivers, regarding the delaying of starts, was circulated amongst tliem, -the result being tliut the judges did not find it necessary to indict any fines, and tho events were got off witli moro punctuality tbnu on previous occasions. Tho first event was the Mau>e.n Tiura.— Purso of 25 govs, and sweepstakes of 1 sov. - each for starters. Sweepstakes to tlio second horse. Two miles. G. Mitsom'scli g Dick Goldsborough, aged (Owner) 1 W. Bland's rn m Wasp, aged .. (Albaujh) a Y>» Rose's br ut Bess, Aged .. ..(Owner) (list. Betting : 7 to 4 on Dick Goltlsborougli. Tho horses wero cot- oli at the first attempt, Dick Gohlsboroujrh getting slightly the best of it, nud leading round the turn. Approaching tbo quarter mile he stumbled anu broke, but did not lose the le.nl throughout tho en tire journey, keeping about ;«0 yards ahead of Wasp, Bess going vorv unkindly, and bring n long way in the rear. At the half mile Wnq> broku, but did not loso much ground. Tlio positions were unchanged during the second round, Dick Goldsborough winning with the greatest ease by about 60 yards from \Vusj\ Bess pulled up at the finish of tho first round hut afterwards went on and completed the course. Time, 0 min. 3 see. Purse of 60 sovs, for 2.45 class, added -to a sweep stakes of 2 sovs. each for' starters. Second borso to receive 10 sovs. of the stake. Mile heats ; best three in five. J. J. Miller's b h Contractor, aged, by Ajax (Imp.) .. (Oriflin) 81211 G. C. Hall's br h Granger, aged (Imp.), .. (Owner) 1 4 3 2 2 J. A. Roberts's b m Sylph, 0 yrs. (imp.) . .(ilulhollain!) 4 3133 C. Colbnth's b h Von Moltke, Jun., aged, (Imp.) .. . .. .. (MTcllan) 2 2 4 4 4 Betting ou tho final result : 3 to 1 against Contrac tor, 5 to 2 against Granger, 0 to 1 o gainst Sylph, 8 to 1 ugaiust Von Moltko. For the last heat Contractor started at oven money. No betting was done on any of tho heats separately, excopt the lost ono. First Heat. — After throb unsuccessful attempts the horses wero got away to a fntr start. Von Moltke, Jun., showing first to tho front, Grander being next to htm.- The first named led round the turn but broko whou nearlng tho quarter-mile pofct. lie, however, main tained tho lead round tho back of the course, Cirangor being second, Contractor third and Sylph last. Ap proaching the half mile tho leader broke, giving place to Granger. Hounding tho turn towards the straight Contractor also broke, Von Moltke, in making au effort to regain a foremost position aguiu breaking. Coming down the straight the order was G ranger, Con tractor, Von .Moltko and Sylph. The first mentioned won easily by about four longLhs, Von Moltko gaining second place, lifter a good struggle with Contractor, who broke when nearlng the winning post. Sylph was last, close up. Time, 2 min. 402 sec. Second Ileat.- -Contractor on iheiunido got rallier tho best of tho start, Von Moltko breaking then and repeatedly afterwards. Approaching tho half mho Granger wont up and got even with Contractor, Von Moltko being next nud Sylph last. Turning into the straight Contractor still had the lead, but ncarhitr homo lie broke allowing Granger, who was going well, to get his nose In front passing under the wire. lie was, however, placed last, and tho race awarded to Contractor on the ground that ho had Jostled -the latter near the three- quarter mile. 'lime, 2 min. 43 sec. Third heat.— Contractor again got the best of a rathor bad start, .Sylph and Yon Moltko breaking at the turn. Tho inara again broke in trying to pass Contractor, Von Moltke also breaking repeatedly. Near home Contractor broke, leaving Von Moltke with the lead, which he mihitained to tho finish, Sylph belnir second. The nee was awarded to Sylph, ou the grouud that the winner had broken too often, Contractor being placed second and Granger third. - Time, 2 min. 40 see. Fourth llcat. — Contractor got off best, Von Moltko, as usual, breaking reveral ti rues. Contractor soon assumed a commanding lead, which Granger at tempted to deprive him of at the hack of the course, but without success. Both Clangor and Von Moltke broke, allowing Svlph to go up to third place. Con tractor, howevorj hept his lead and won comfortably, though Granger came again iu tlio straight, Sylph also being close up at the finish ; Von Moltko finished fourth. Time, 2 min. 483 see. Fifth Ueat.— Contractor went away with the lead, closely followed by Granger, who kept near all tht- way, 'but could ' not head the leader. Contractor eventually won by about a length from Granger, Sylph being third, and Von Moltke, who broko several times, fourth. TJmo, 2 min. 48 see. Handicap kkulixq Race, of 50 sovs. ; five furlongs. M. Griffin's bll: h Westbury, by Tim Whifiier, (3 yrs. (£50), 7 st. 01b (Robertson) 1 S. G. Cook's br f Nymph, 2 yrs. (£50), 7 st. 7 lb. ... (Johnstone) 2 \Y. Lanley's hlk h Hunter, 4 yrs. (£50), 7 st. 7 lb. (Sunders) 3 S- filler's bhc m Cantala, by 4 yts. £50) ti st. 6 lb. .. .. .. (Allander) 0 J. Jellet't, juu'g. ch g Muriuubong, 5 yrs. (£25) . 7s t. 5 lb. . ... .. ., .. (O. Walker 0 R. Johnston, s ns b m Prattle, 5 yrs. (nil) Oet. 10. Id .. (Hill) 0 J. G, Hold's b! g Cxsar 4 yrs (nil), 6 st. 7 Id. .» .. (Stratford) 0 Betting : C to 4 against Westbury, 2 to lagamstllun- ter. A good start took place, Westbury, Murumboug ami Cantalu showing first to the front, fluuter being about last. As they rounded the t urn Cieser went up to first place, Nymph also improving hoi position, Hunter and Prattle being last. Coming down the straight, Westbury on the outside ' again got to tho ensue, Westbury wimiing easily, Hunter being second, frnot, Hunter also coming ud. A good race homeward Nymph third, Canuia fourth, Citsar fifth, Muruiu- bong Blxth nud Prattle last. Time, 1 min. 5 sec. The winner was bought In for £5t. Fixes Handicap, of 50 sovs. One mile and a dis tance. C. H. T, Hart's b h Cromorno, by Oliver Twist, aged, 7 st (Crackncll) 1 H. Conuoliy'9 g in Zephyr, 4 yrs., 7 st. 0 lb. .. .. (Williamson) 2 W. Langlcy's br h Stationer, 4 yrs., 8 st. 2 lb. .. .. fSandora) 3 T. Jones's chor rn hThe Ghost, 6 yrs., 0 at. (KUby) 0 H. Yeeud's br h Balthazar; (J yrs,, ti st. 1 lb. \- .. .. ,, (Walker) 0 R. Johnstou ns b or br h Essex, 3 yrs., 7 Bt. 7 lb. . (Joliuston) 0 K. Joliuston ns b m Queen Mary, 4 yrs., 7 st: 7 lb. . .. (Ople) 0 J. Patterson's blk g Black Diamond, 6 yrs., 0 Bt. 10 ib. ....... ., .. .. .. (Dobson) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 against Stationor, 3 to 1 against Zephyr, 4 to 1 against Crcmorne, 6 to 1 against Balthazar, Stationer, Black Diamond and Ghost showed first to the front, the first mentioned two leading all the way round, the other horses -being in a ruck close behind them. As they turned into the straight Cremorne, Queen Mary, Zephyr mid Balthazn remade each their effort, tho first named getting tbo lead, and winning by about half a length from Zephyr, who beat Stationer almost ou tho post for second place. Balthazar was fourth and Black Diamond fifth, Essex finishing last. Time, 2 min, 2 see. Handicap Hurdle Race, of CO sovs. Two miles and a distance. Af. Griffin's blk g Nigger, aged, 0 st. 2 lb. . ..(Reed) 1 W. M'Leod's ch g Diligent, <1 yrs., 0 St.. ..(M'Leod) 2 J. Rcdfearn us chin Merry Maid, 5 yrs., 10 st. 7 IV. .. .. (liuht) S J. G. Iteid'a ch ra Maid of tho Vule, 4 yrs., Oat. 01b (Boyd) 0 Betting: Even on Diligent, 6 to 2 against Merry Maid, 3 to 1 against Nigger, 5lol against Maid of tlio Vale. Di ligent went away with the lead, Nigger being in close attendance on him, Merry Maid being third, and Maid of the Vale fourth. These positions were unchanged during tho first time round, tho leading ptfir going ut a rattling pace, tho two others falling further behind. As they rOundud the turn towards homo, Nigger went t<> the front, and came home a winner by a length from Diligent, Merry Maid being next hulf a dozen lengths off. Moid of tho Vale' being last. Time, 4 mill. 24 sec. 