EASTER DECORATIONS. 'Now my dear,' said Mrs. Spoopondyke, gathering up her skirts and making for the door. ' Now, my dear, we are ull roady, aren't wo ? You take theao pots of plants and I'll carry tho cut flowers.' 'Hbw'm I to take thirteen pot3 of measly 'aubs iu uttu uouudi giuniou 4i-... .jpwjjcii djke, surveying his job with dissatisfaction in his eye. ' What is there about me that seems to give you tho impression that 1 am a freight train ? What d'yo call these things, anyway ? What's this ghost standing up here with a candle in his hand ? What particular interest has he got in the Raster business ? How'm I going to o&rry; these things ? That's, what I want to know I' 1 Thai's a calla lily, dear,' replied Mrs. Spoopendyke, laying down her flowers and turn ing to help her husband. ' Now, you can take these pots in your arms by letting tho edgo of one pot rest on the edge of another. Let mo show you' — and Mrs. Spoopendyke arranged tho pots, neatly folded in a clean wnite paper, in hor husband's armB. ' That's tho way to carry thom,' she chirped, opening the door for him. ' JNow you are all right !' ? ' Expeot mo to put on my hat with my log, don't you?' inquired Mr. S; oopondyke, trying to reach around so that he might see out from any decoration while I'm carrying these old shrubs 1 May bo you think I'd present a more tropical appearanco without any hat !' ' I'll put on your hat, dear,' fluttered Mrs. DpuopunuyKu, unu sue uarexuuy put it on nina sido before and flattened it down until the ' back breadth,1 as she called it, rested on his Bhouldors. ' Now you're all right, dear, be careful of the flowers 1 ' Mr. Spoopondyko followed his wifo to the street and gavo tho burden a sort of hitch no relieve himself. ' Hero ! Look here ! ' he cried to his wifo, ' You didn't load me straight. Those things aro slipping ! Fix 'em, can't ye ? ' ' We haven't far to go.'ploaded Mrs. Spoopon dyko, who couldn't see that anything was wrong ' Can't you hold them, dear, till we get to tho ohuroh ? ' ' Oh, I can't hold 'em ! ' pquealod Mr. Spoopendyke. ' Got out of my oyo ! Can't ye take this yallor lily out of my oyo ? Look out for my hat! Don't you see its slipping off? If you don't male some bettor arrango ments about theso things the neighbours will bo startled presently by the sound of cracking orookery ! ' ' I hope you won't broak any of them,1 sighed Mrs. Spoopendyke Then sho pulled his hat oyor his oyos and took him by tho olbow to load him alonz. ? Look out !' yelled Mr. Spoorondyko, as he felt a pot going. ' Here's a deooration in danger C&toh; it, if ye don't want to I030 a big slice of this resurrection 1 Catch it, quick ! ' But Mrs. Spoonpendyke was too lato. The pot dropped with a o rash on Mr. Spoonpen dyko's imtop, and rolled into the gutter. ' Oh, dear ! ' moaned Mrs. Spoonpondyke. 'There, you are ! ' roared Mr. Spoonpendyke, hopping with pain and dropping another pot. 'Satisfied now? Know anybody you want, to baok against mo for a measly Garden of Edon? Got any moro horticultural societies you want knocked out ? Hero goes anothor ! ' and tho third of tho series Bmashod on tho sidewalk. ' ' A ohargolhavo to keop,' omitting tho fourth stanza,1 and down came tho largest pot of tho lot with a prodigious noiso. ' Don't ! ' oquealed Mrs. Spoonpondyke, watoh ing tho fato of hor decorations with dismay. ' I ain't !' yolled Mr. Spoopondyko, letting go two more in the effort to keep his hat on. ? Who is ? Get hold of tint off representative of tho day wo celebrate,' and Mr. Spoopondyko clutched wildly nt a sliding pot, not, that ho cawd for tho flower particularly, but ho had felt four drop on his foot nnd ho felt some fears. ' Confound tho pot !' ho squarkod, as it eluded him and landed on his best corn. ' My dear, bow can you tali so ?' remon ftrited Mrs. Spoopondyke, horriCed by the wholo spectnclo. ' What d'yo expect mo f) sny ?' yellcrl Mr Spoopondyko, na another started for tho ground. 'P'raps you think that this is the place whero tho £itany comes in ! ' From lightning uud tempest; from plague, pesti lence, and famine; from battle and murder, an'i from sudden death, good Lord, deliver thesopota!' That's what you want? 'Jhink I can kefp any lighter grip on thom measly pots, if I surround myself with tho consolation of religion ?_ Look out! The voil of the tomple is going to burst!' and as ho spolio the rest of tlw fluwors came to the ground in a hideous wreck. 'Think that looks any more liko Easter than it doos like a nor'-wester ? Got through decorating, or do you want somo moro help ? ' I think you're real „ mean!' sobbed Mrs. Spoopeudyke, surveying the wreck with stream ing oyes. ' You do, do you !' howled Mr. Spoopendyke, who felt as ba'lly as his wifo did, now that it was all over. ' P'raps you hnd some kind of a notion th»t these pots would fall when I let go of 'om ! Why didn't you put 'em ii a bag eo a mun could carry 'em without epilling 'cm ? What do you want of d«porations, anyway ?' ' Because to-morrow's Easter, and I wanted to help mako tho church look pretty,' and with this explanation Mrs Spoopendyko broke down completely, and wept bitterly. ' Well, ain't it just as much Raster outdoors HI it i* in f.hn nTlllrnh 9* i^pm««fl^rl Wv Rnnn. pendyke. ' And haven't you decorated as much as any other woman? What d'you expect? Think poople aro going to take you for a cathedral just because you take a few shrubs to church onco a year ? ? Now, you go in tho house and don't let me hear any more of your whim pering. With your notions about duty, and your desire to got tho best of tho other women in tho church, you only want a bell in your mouth and a black collar to your night-shirt to be a whole guild !' And with this benediction Mr. Spoopendyko started off to see Speclewottlo, and make some arrangement with him for going fishing as soon as tho trout ponds should show signs of break ing 'P- ? 