ST. LEONARDS (FBOH AN O0OABIONAL 0OBBK8PONDENT.) The village wherein I live is prettily situated, quiet and peaceful. Tho noxious weed that is as it were a cancer eating into the body of aoolal life; ' larrikihism' has not extended to it. The village and farmer boys have not forgotten that it is thoir duty to work for their daily bretfd neither do they nerieot the illustration of thi j8??'.'8' ,AU work and' no play makes Jaok a dull boy,' but they exemplify the same by a rational enjoyment of our national games, the absonoe of profanity : and the mild and almost exousable indulgence in tho pipe of peaoe wetted by a' beverage that would gladden the heart of any Good Templar. Sometimes frolic will have its way, and perhaps more noiBily and omphatically than is required ? the village politics or other matters may be dis oussed at the oorner of onr,streots, but the paternal, judicious, and kind warning of our superintendent in authority is ever effeotive and received with a characteristic good will! We are not a big village 'We have not even the inevitable local doctor, neither have wo anyone to drag our villagers into the ootopus-like olaws of ohancory. But wo have a village parson who arbitrates our little quarrels, administors to our spiritual wants, and by day or night, without thought of fee or reward, hastens to relieve the ills to whioh flesh is heir. This being the faofc you may fairly suppose, Mr. Editor, that what I am about to' tell you has oaused a great sensation. An old resident in the neighbour lood possesses a family vault, in whioh have been entombed for very many years his relations. Eecently it had to be opened to place therein one who had been the living pieago ot liis affection 35 years ago— his daughter. I cannot say what prompted him ? from my knowledge, not a sense of order, but apparently actuated by aomo such Impulse, he personally re-arranged'tho coffins containing the remains of his relatives, and in doing so deemed it necessary to curtail the number thereof, and remove two. This he did in snob, a callous manner as to be apparently indifferent to the aot that he did not properly re- distribute tho remains of those who, I presume,' were near and dear to him in other ooffins of more oapioity, but pitohed the two coffins but of the vault so carelessly as to leave some of the bonen of the departed on the outside of the isoarded coffins. The village children, with that onriosity natural to those of immature years, might have been seen for some days iealthily, as it were, peering at tho results of ' this deseoration, and one .(to mv knowlnrWl little innocent boy, excited to outdo hia compeers, was known to oarry to ' his mother, with the idea of the same rning utilised in a domestio point of view, a handful of human hair whioh was visibly olipging to the scalp of the one who owed her existence to the man who'committed this aot' of vandalism. I am not a Ohurohman. I perhaps do not view all things conneoted with the burial ground in the manner ,tliat Churchmen might consider orthodox, but I confess my own ? ini eriority when I view the remnants of mor tality, for thereby I am, told that ,no matte*' how wise I may be ', there' is °«e who is stronger, than ? . I l!'arri who . tells me' that mortality or: immor ality is dependent on His will. Some may say it is .a weak sentiment, but I cannot help ex pressing my thorough appreciation of the words of the Poet Laureate in his ' In membriam ' where he says — ' '? '?' - ! ? :?: ': :?:?.;. ?; ' ' '' ? ' ' le O to US, ^ The fools of habit, sweeter seemB ? ????????. .,;.; To rest beneath the clover sod, j ?:: .'.,-' ., .; That takes the.sunshina and the rains, .,?.,' u-i tvuau wio jcneoimg camlet drains The chalioe of the. grapes of God. '„' To all of us, fools of habit or not! it must be distressing to be unwilling witnesses of an aot so outrageous aB to be almost beyond belief, bo barbarous as to bo an unheard of anachronism in this 19th century. 'Will it be believed in more oivihsed regions that in this village in open day a human being— nay,jrather a ghost in hum am orm, drew forth from their resting places the beds in whioh slept in peace his relatives, with us own hands bioke them open, and having rifled lem of their contents flung away the empty shells— the wonder and disgust of all hearers and spectators. With his motives I have . nothing to do. Be they what they, may they oan offer no justification for this outrage on deoenoy, on religion, on publio health and well being. But mirabile dictu, I am creditably in formed that this is not the first occasion on whioh a ohurchyard has been similarly desecrated jytho same offender. Of a truth 'Custom ias made it to him a property of easiness,' We look to tho churchwardens of the na-.ish, to the Synod, to the church advocate to prevent a repetition of this disgtaoe- ' graceful conduot, and to - free us from the reproach of living in a village where such aots are allowed to go unnotioed and unpunished.. Not the villagers only, but the whole oommu'-' nity, the whole oiviliBed world, demand that retribution at . once overtake this defiler of graveB. ' M. U. ' Oddfellows. — The half-yearly meeting of the Cornwall Lodge, M.U., was held laBt evening for the election of offioers and other business. The total amount of Lodge funds is £1920, of which £130 Ts 4d was taken last night. The folio tiring officers were elected, and after wards installed by the Lecture Master, P.P.G.M. T. J. Doolan :— G.M. T. Smallhorn, N.G-. W. Keymer, V.G. W. G. Beale, B.S.: W. J. Shaw. The follow ing auditors were appointed :— P. O:S.F. Lakin, P.P.G.M. J. L. Doolan, and P.G. O, Currah;:J.G/E! Ridge, Wardeix ?G: Voters;;'. -,:- '????-? , -: .'' ? ? ?;:'/. ', ^i^r^i^^''.M^:^v^VWi^',.^!-3^'«i '.' 