PEAHEAN BElREAN OCI'T The.firet anniverearyof the above Soolety w'as celebrated in the.Praran Town hall lastb'lededay' evening by a tea meeting, followed'by an entertain-' ment of sacred msoic inteirspersed with addressei;: etc. There was a large attendande, and all presen5,· appeared to 'thoreughly enjoy the oeolleent thingsl provided. The ladies who pf~sididl' at the'tablet 1 were Mrs CaUaway; and the" Mses Thominsobs; Woess, Cooke, Patterson, M. Woo, Kunt .Grey, MoEwsn, AV Wood; 7orrison, BIsclr, Swinborn: Vincent, E. Wood, ,naurray, rt, r iant?; Din. can, Collier, Cahmeron, - Heath; Stevrt, Dnire;(Gr ham, Pay.lHayes, and Mico. The tea thinge har , ing been removed, a hymo was snanj and theLo Rev. A.,Gosman engaged.in prayer..., " " S'r' John Ramsey, the Presidentiof theSoeetySo who occapied thb chair, read an iblogy from the"! Rev. T.E. Owens Igell, who wos tc~have presided. but was prevented from beingpi ceeet as he had,' m?asi to attend to prior to his depp?rtire for, Syd ey. Hoe (the chairian) wes pl~eoed hto see ?? large an attendange, not only of tl~P members' O'f the Bociety, but oT others. The gat'ering showed' that the Bociety had obtained a large amount of'. ympathyb;· and.tha~ t w~a calculatedle to encourage thm ., . I A pianoforte solo was then extedingly weU: Splaydd by Miss Nankivell, and Mr .. Straha~n, of the Blind Apylum,sang "Comfort Y" ' and'Every Valley." Mr A. S unborn, the seoret.ry, repbrted as follows: -" The committee's repor, as sdbmitted: and adopted at. the firsat annual m'lrtilng held in Septomber last, bning somewhatlongl;ly, thle follow ing has boon compiled, which embraces mosot of thie items thler alluded to; Tho Pribhran Berean Society, whio' is entirely undnonoi lational, was inaugurated on the 28th August, 1382, when 20 ladies and gentlemen were enrolled as membere. The total net membership at the cocilusion of the first year wae 119. During the tlat r half of.the year tihe increase weas more rapid: A the present time there are 132 members. The metings, which are held fortnightly, had during the onse period an average attendanhce of about 523-38 rlombors and 14 visitors. At the largest attenl'd ordinary meeting 89 wore present-GG mom'nore and 23 visitors. Thie followinig is a list of ?he prinonpal subjects considered at the meetinga,~ rior to the consideration of the papare as per propouod sylla busai They will convey souse sligh?,ideoa of the okmracter of the meoetings. Tho qu otions wera handed in by the members- and frieinl, '-' Bible a teaching conmerning spiritual ddatli,i' Apparent r contradiction in the Scriptnres,' ' Nature of faith,' S' Was Peter ever Popo of Pomo ?' ' Th evil which r the Scriptures say God creates-Is it physical or Smoil?' * The witnessing of God's spirit4 when and 1 how?' 'In .wht sense is God a. cousuming fire?' Job's belief in a future- state,' 'Ie there a futura life?' 'Are spirits consoious between'death'and resurrection?' 'Conscious existence a'e.d memory;. after death,' ' The surce. of Sovereign grace,*. 'Olirist as the reasonwhy Adam's patority was made subject to death,' ' Original Sin',' ' The sin against the 9Uoly Ghost; what is it?' 'What is by God repenting,' ' Does prophesy neuoesitate the thieg prophesied ?' 'Wore the curses i' the 109th Pealmn David's own' prayer ?' Has ma power to forgive sin 1' If a Ohretian sin wilfully is forgive ness pbssible?' .The papers which hliae already been read before the society are :-'Prodal for the existence of God-a belief n, his existe?ce reason able'; 'Gao'as revealed in the Soriptureo-and the belief that the Bible is a roralation from od reason able.' The last is still under consideraion. - The ' papers are read as an introduction to the subject, aftor which any memberis at liberty to hpeakon it. Woe would gratefully acknowledge the kindness of the pastor and deacons of the rahlran £Le epoondent Churchl'fr having so kindly liet the chdrch buil-. ing for the meetings free of charge.. iotice" of meetings and the subjects coasidersed tliareat will in future be posted on the notice board' ehich Mr J- Hole has kindly allowed the society th place in: the front of his premises in Chapel-ereeot. r . Henry R. Martin, who left .·ngleid some time back, hbaing kindly consentil to not, we were pleased -to appoint him e bue correspondent for the .County of Surrey, .'ngland. We hope during the coming year to add to the number of correspondents, as we thmk that by a systematid interchange of ideas mutual advri'moement will result. The information roeceived Wrould be ' extremely useaui in urthlritg the objea~l of the Society. So that cuttings in keeping 'with our Objects from newsapapers,. periodicals, Ac, may be preserved for future reforence, a newspaperaorap book lias beeoon procured, .and with this. adready, a deal of valuable information, which will apll repay perusal. When fuand permit of our doing so, it ia intendod to establish a Bibliological and Theological Library, and should any friends bj denaron? of furthoring this endeavour we would be moit happy to receive asistance. We would desire to bring under your notice the claims of the siociey. We truse that yon will . evince practical iympathy towaivrds it, and if after oonsideration you deom the Society worthy( of support, you will not fill to cast ' your lot with ui. "-The annual subacriptibh is rery.' emall, (6i for gentlemen; ladies entirely nptional) In concluaion we desireo to offer up our prieas and thanks unto God fbr all those meroioes Irich BHe hao been p:eased to vouchsafe unto us dgitring the psat year. We feel that this bocioty 'i but a ,ranch of labour in the efforts put forth 49 extend .the Redeemer's Kingdom, and as such ei cannot hope for bleasing and sucess unilet God bt 'withus, and if he be for us it matters not who nar agains~ ' us. Signed on behalf of the Oommittee ofAlagee.i msnt, by John Ramsay, President, ArthUr Swin. born, liccretary." Mr H. Ford gave a reitation-- Abom"- " which wan well rendered, and was follo^wea by the Misses MoEwan and Stuart with a song entitled. " Rest Yonder," which was much applauacd. The Itev. A. Gosman then delivered an address taking for hi subjtct "The Old Testameon teach ing on the cannrctor o Jehovali." eo reerred to the objections taken by Freethinkers to the Old i 'estament. He said.he pitied those who, made it the object of their attacks. ' There were particular .. parts singled out for pecoial opposition, and they contended that betiuse certain expressions were used there must be something wrong in its teachings, not taking into consideration that the language was flu.-atire. Mistatkes occurred fhrough too literal-an intsrpretaton; ie contlaudcted the llsegation that Jehorah was' a local Q|1. Tlhe Jehovah of the Old Teatament w?ae simpiyio Goi od of theo NeY Testament, and the fatiher of hur Lord Jesus Ohrist. . . , . .- " - " i.eapcrs and Flowera" was beautifully sung by Miss Mtewan ; and Mr A. Swinbord recited "Jephcthah'sDaughter," for which lie w. . warmly applaudeda, as wo Bso 'Mis Zlorrisoou, wlio sang" FMr David Blair gave an address upon " Chritiat Freethought." : He contended thlsat the ;Berea s'. woere Christian Ercethinkers. Freethinkihg' meant emancipation from intellectual fraud, as roeached : by Mr AMoncure Conway and others. The President gave some irformation *'to the meanuing of tihe word " Becrn,",wlich api>eared in tho 17th clhapter of Actdo, iveret10. HAe xplaint e the objects of the society to be the otud r ot th Word of God, which they' rcdeived with ill readi neds,-and to be thui able more readily to lmeet the argumenta ot cepties and othero whose doctrines ' were countary t tlhose taught "by the SdripLnre ' and the spread of which was ealcetlated tou -debawe : the morals as.well as Beriou.ly'intsrfero Iitth the - spiritual well being of tho community. Ite urged . opon those present to join tie society, B?it stated that the usual "meeting would riot takob placa on *Uoniday ,evotiug exsc, osn it .was intendldh to bid farewell on thiatdy to thei R ,. OT.B0wBlne,:: M who is about to leave the coLony for Sydny. lie : luentioued that the Itevd. i. A Iasnley dial .i a. loul were unablolo attend that evening ' ' A sang by the Miesos Stewart and Aiiorison a.i. Mr Nowey. wa well rendered. " Mr. A, dwinboru maved a vote of thaao.s to the " speakers, .which was seconded by Mr Jnulj Scott,--. , . dud carriod. On the motion of Mr Wood ',lecooded : oy.Mr' obertuou, a vote of thanks was aticrdod to . to the vocalists und. Miss Nankivell the' panirste. ir Duusn moved ua vote of than o.to the la'dies who '. lia pret-led ait the te tables. .Seoondedby Mr A. Siwborn and carried. Mr A. Bwinbornal'udod to - toi adsisatain o I. te anl uCiy had' receivPid irom thd ia6no.s nowpapoM. Iuomnare.i a ote 'df thank," to thu-pre. cwvlimh wa iecondd m ty Mr n ' Mwtrinr-t On tho motion of the Brs . e W;'MoB;.saeindcd bd 'b .Ur D. Blmanohard, a likhe emp'limnt iwao pati dto :; .I tr . ".au l : th--"""rie' . -"- pmi . id..i. t " .oE, t tl : . ehiteriwen, 