HOLLY AND MISTLETOE \- Mr. E. D. Marquand delivered himself as follows on Holly and Mistletoe — holly as necessary to Christmas as plum pudding, and misUetoo used in "justification of certain mysterious rites and ceremonies of untold antiquity," (Laughter.) The name " holly " seems intimately connected with "holy," and VUV tiVU iO QtelU 4"' Oj 4i4UtolinO 4V3Utt04>liiUII, VI perhaps mere correctly, from its erercreen ness, immortality. Its nse i 1 tbe decqration of uhnrches, although of great antiquity, would stem to be of pagan origin, and is by some thus explained The Koiaaua dedicated the holly to Saturn and U3ed it largely in the decorations for his festival, v-'hieb was Held about Christmas tide. Tho early Christians worshipping in secret, and in fear and trembl ing, decked their water with holly in order to avoid detection and punishment, ' In Argyle- shire there is a prophecy that when a par- exist, and when certain other things come to pass (some of which have already, come to pass), " then shall all the Argyle Campbells bo destroyed, excepting so many as shall cscapo upon a crooked aud lame white horse." And it is stated on trustworthy authority that - Bome years ago the roots of tho particular tree were exposed and loosened by the tide, and it was in danger of falling, but , the grandfather of the present Duiie of Argyle insisted on an awkward bond .being made in the line of publio road to nvuid the necessity of cutting it down. Near Dalston, in Northumberland, there is a thick hoily bush consisting of several trees close together, and it is said to have served as a post office for the passago of letters between the rebels and their friends during the troubled timo of 1715 and 1745. In ancient times branches of holly were fastened to houses to defend them from lightning and as a protection against the witchcraft. As to the mistletoe, Dir. Marquand sr<d, al though commonly supposed to be dependent up on the oak, it is rarely found upon that treo, but more generally by far upon the apple. It was bald very sacred by the ancient Britons, who gathered it with Epiemn cere monies, cutting it with golden sickles, and never allowing it to touch or fall to the ground. Tho priestB distributed p'eces of it among the people as charms against diseases and witchcraft. Tradition says that somehow Devonshire incurred the anger of the Drnids, who cursed it and forbade tho mistletoe over to grow there. Whether Corn wall was included in this terrible anathema );e could not say, but certainly mistletoe is not native of that country, although it has been planted and is, ho believed, mow growing wliliin a very few milts of Penzance. The etymology of tho word is uncertain, bat tbo most likely derivation is from an Anglo- Saxon word signifying "different twig or branch " from the' parasitism of the plant. Tho legendary lore connected with mistletoo is varied and extensive, the earliest notice of tho'qilant being found in the Prose Edda, the sacred book of the religion of Odin and Thor, tho legend being that of the death of Baldur, who was killed by a dart made of mistle toe, A remnant of tbis legend is still extant in North Germany to this very day, wiiere it is believed that a man provided with a piece of mistletoe can never be wounded, whilst bis own weapons cannot fail to take effect. In Holstoin it is believed that anyone holding a piece of mistletoe in his hand will have the power of seeing spectres — a very healthy and invigorating sort of second sight, (Laughter.) There is, continued Mr. Marquand, one pleasing custom, which 'although of un known antiquity, still remains in active operation and unabated vigor. It shows no signs of waning, nor is it desirable that it should, for it is a great and important factor in all Christmas festivities. T he origin of tho custom is veiled in obscurity, but a sprig of mistletoe just fiesthe performance Oi a cere mony, the description of which must on this occasion be dispensed with. Doubtless it is a relic of heathendom, but doubtless it is also ono whicfi tho world "will not willingly let die," (Laughter,) Alter noticing that mistletoe is tho flnly evergreen the uso of whicli is forbidden in churcli de coration, Mr. Marquand concluded, "We think to ourselves how Btrango it must be in Australia to have garden parties and picnics at Christmas under a broiling sun. Whatever . . , i amouns or enjoyment, curie uius. uc, it. uaiu.y realises our idea of a merry Christmas time. After all give us Old England with itsfrost and enow, or, if we cannot get that, even witli its raiil and slush — for wecan draw clore to'the fire and tell ghost stories to the rising genera tion, whilst above tho whistling, of the storm comes a strange sound of shuffling feet, and then we suddenly remember .that a big bunch of mistletoe is hanging in the hall." — Cornish Telegraph. 