MU. TEMl'ANY'S TliMlTATION. (From Truth) i Mu. POMIOHE TEM/'ANV felt very mucli dis I gusted when thcfairwidow who had couBCUtcd I to share his name handed him a valuable bracelet iu order that be might get a missing stone replaced. Ile was an elderly bacholor I of miserly proclivities, and did not half relish ' the commission, though he could not very well refuse, lt had bceu tho aim of his lifo to marry a wife with a fortuno, and as Mrs. Jirauincll Jay possessed this desirable qualification, he waa uaturally anxious to avoid offending lier. He therefore reluctantly took tho bracelet lo Mr. Bevis, the jeweller in Sackvillu-strcut, but lindiug thu cost of replacing thc missing stone would bc considerable, he could nut summon up courage to give the order, lie locked the bracelet up at his lodgings, and fretted a good deal about the unnecessary expenso tho widow had put to him. Hy degrees, however, he became calmer, for it happened that Mrs. Bramwell Jay vmmilteâ lo uiake auy inquiry about her property. AB time Blipped by he began to hope that the lady had actually forgotten all about it-which, indeed, seemed to be the case. Naturally Mr. Tcmpany did not (col called upon to refresh her memory, and thus it came about that the bracelet remained in bia possession until thc date lixeu for the wedding was close at band. Just ot this inconvenient timo a friend of Mr. Teuipauy'u - to whom ho was under ! obligations in tho way of business- must needs get married, and Mr. Tcmpany felt I compelled to give him a wedding present. He resented this disagreeable necessity very much, because bc had suffered a great deal of uneasiness oi lat« owing to the increase in his expenditure incident to his engagement. Ile was al BO, at thc moment, particularly depressed by the prospect of having to pay for a honeymoon trip to tho Italian Jakes, not to mcution such comparatively trilling items as au outfit for himself and prouiibcuous gratuities to everyone on his wedding day. hiven tho consoling reflection that, once married, bis wife's income would be amply buUieient for both (ailed to soothe bim, and in this unhappy frame of mind he suddenly recollected Mrs. Jay's bracelet. Since bo absolutely must give a wedding prcscnt to his friend liullivaut, why should tie not make usc of bia bracelet 1 lt was a great temptation, for thc ornament had lain in bis draw several weeks, and Mrs. Bramwell Jay had apparently forgotten it. If elie should bappcu to ask for it before their uiarragc, ho could invent come plausible excuse to account for the delay in returning it. Whon they are married, bc could pretend he bad loBt it, or that it had been stolen, and if driveu into a corner hu could replace it by au inferior article. As a matter of fact, however Mr. Tcmpany did not pause to reflect upou remote con- tingencies, for he felt so inexpressibly rc leivcd at tho prospect of avoiding further cx pcuEe at thc moment, that he yielded blindly to au overpowering temptation. As to thc morality suppose that bc vaguely imagiucd he had some sort of legal property iu tho bracelet, iu anticipation of his rights as a husband. However this may bc, Mr. Tcmpany des facthed tho bracelet to his friend's wife with a u'catly-wordcd letter of congratula- tion and good wishes. Tho fact of one of thu stones being missiug was a little awkward, because it 6howcd that thc bracelet was not new. But Mr. Tcmpany nattered himself that he had got over this diUiculty very adroitly by remarking that the bracelet had been a cherished heirloom I in his family for years, aud that he would never have parted with it to any one butto 1 the wifo of his dear and esteemed friend liullivaiit. By return of post he received a hearty letter of thaukB from that lady, and j also froui his friend, aud Mr. Tcmpany experienced a thrill of virtuous satisfactiou at having for once iu his life gained credit for generosity. Uf course, ho did not mention his little episode to Mrs. Bramwell Jay, and lie mentally rcsolvod ue.ver to introduce BuUivaut to her. But a few dayB afterwards he was considerably startled by the widow ? sayiug : I ' By-lhe-by, Podmore, a friend of mine writes that shu had such a nice letter from you. Amy Markham and 1 were old school tallows, iou never told me you knew ber.' ; ' 1 never heard thc name,' ea'd Mr. Teinpany, uneasily. ' Jiow stupid ol me ! That was her maiden name, of course,' exclaimed Mrs. Bramwell ?Iny,taking a letter from her desk. 'It appears she has recently been mari it»!. Her husband is Mr.- Mr.-such a queer name, and 1 can't read her signature ! But ho ia a friend of yours.' ?Not Bullivaut ! 'saidMr. Tcmpany, with a start. ' Yes, She writes that ber husband ÍB an old friend of yours, and that you sent her a beautiful bracelet. How good of you, Podmore ! You never u.i vo inca beautiful bracelet,' added the widow, reproachfully. ' Amy says she will bo passing through tin town to-morrow, and will make a point ol calling to show ino tho bracelet,' continued Mrs. Kramwell Jay, innocently. ' She sayi it ii extremely uaudaome, aud she wants t< read mu your kind lotter. Are }"?: Cudmore !' ' No, no. lt is the heat of tho (ire, grasped Mr. Tcmpany, wiping his forehead. 'I wasted you to como somewhere with me to-morrow, Theodosia for tho whole day, 1 loeau. I haven't been to the-tho Crystal Palace for years, or to Greenwich Park, Will you come toGrcenwich Park, Theodosia V he added, desperately, ' What horridly vulgar places J How absurd you are, Podmore 1' exclaimed the Widow, looking at him rather curiously?' ' Besides, I want to see Amy when she calls. I shall certainly stay in for her to-morrow.' '1 shouldn't if 1 were you,' said Mr. Toiupany, earnestly. 1 Very considerate of I her, 1 call it, to swoop down upon you like this.' 'I don't think so,' returned Mrs. Bramwell Jay. ' I want particularly to see thc bracelet you sent her. Will you come and meet her, Podmore V ' So, no, thank you. Certainly not,' replied tho unhappy man, hastily seizing his hat. ' I uican that I shall he busy al! to-morroiv-par- ticularly busy. Another time I shall be delighted.' ' I suplióse you and Amy have never met ?' remarked the widow, with a suspicious glance. 'Never! No, never! I assure you,' au swered Mr. Tempany, and being anxious to avoid further questions, he beat a hasty re- treat. ?is state of agitation and nervous apprehension may bc easily imagined, for it seemed inevitable that the deception he bad practised would bo exposed. Thc widow could not fail to recognise ber own bracelet, and would, of course, call upon bim for an : explanation. The situation was embarrassing, to say the least, and might lead to awkward 1 consequences. Mrs. Bramwell Jay, in in her natural disgust aud indignation, would in all probablity break off the engagement on thc spot, and the story would bo known all over Loudon. Mr. Tcmpauy got no sleep that night, and became moro aud moro uneasy every moment. It suddenly occurred to bim, in the midst of tho mental perturbation, that bc had committed an act of felony punishable by law. It was an awful reflection, aud caused Mr. Tcmpauy to break into a cold perspiration. Thc disagreeable contingency however remote of Sailing himself in the dock, had the effect of spurring Iiis imaginative and inventive powers, so that, inspired by sheer desperation, he at length concocted a story which he hoped might serve his purpose. Thc consequence was that when, in course of tho next day, he received a peremptory note from tho w idow, requesting him to call upon her immediately, he was able to keep thc appointment with an outward appearance of calm. 'Mr. Tempany, this is most extraordinary,' said Mrs. Bramwell Joy, after a very cold greeting. ' Amy has been here this morning and I fiud that thc bracelet you presented to bur is uiiuc ! I gave it to you to take to the jewellers. ' ' Konsense !' exclaimed Mr. Tempany, with a well-feigned start of surprise, ' It is im- possible !' ' Impossible ! Why, here it is !' said the widow, producing the ornament. " There eau bc no mistake about it. I will swear to it. Of course Amy returned it to ino, and I have lost uo time in asking you for au explanation, ' ' What an odd circumstance-quito ludicrous ; 1 must speak to Bevis. He evidently gave ino back your bracelet in mistake for tho ono I had bought,' said Mr. Tempany, speaking quickly nud nervously. ' Who is Bevis}' inquired Mrs. Bramwell Jay. ' Did you mean thc jeweller iu Sackville strcct ?' 1 Yes, I never opened thc caFe after he handed it to mo across thc counter, but scut it direct to Mrs, Bulli vant,' explained Mr. Tempany, gaining confidence. 'I recollect it was thc same day that 1 left your bracelet to bc repaired. It is clear how thc mistake arose.' ' Still, it seems extraordinary !' repeated thc widow, evidently only half convinced. ' The jeweller must be a very careless man, and deserves a good scolding. Suppose wc go at once aud ask him what ho means by it ? The carriage is nt thc door, and I am dressed for tny drive, as you see.' 'Pray don't trouble. Theodosia. I-I really thiuk you bad bettor stay at home on a cold day like this,' cried Mr. Tempany, with fearful eagerness. ' I will call on Bevis at once-this instant-but there is uo occasion for you to go.' ' Oh 11 should like to go, and shall cujoy tho man's confusion,' returned thc lady, rather sharply. ' Besides, I am curious to see the bracelet yon have chosen for dear Amy.' Mr. Tempany was so utterly taken aback j by tliis sudden and unexpected whim of Mrs. j Bramwell Jay's that he could not lind another word to say. lie followed thc lady meekly I to her carriage and took his scat beside her, I feeling like a criminul being lcd to r.xccutiou. This ill timed visit to the jeweller's must he ! felt, inevitably complete his discomfiture, for 1 Mr. Bevis would naturally deny all knowledge 1 of the bracelet, lt really seemed as though j the only course opcucd to him was to confess everything on tho spot, to avoid needless exposure and disgrace. But Mr., TcmpjMiy could not bring himself to acknow* ledge his deceit unless he was absolutely I obliged, and during thc drive he resolved as a : last chance to hurry into the shop alone, on pretence of inquiring if Mr. Bevis were w ithin and take thc opportunity to whisper a word of warning in his car. No doubt tho jewllcr was open to a bribe and would make no difficulty about screening him. In Iiis desperate state Mr. Tempany took heart at j this idea, and even contrived to converse with thc widow with apparent equanimity. But alas ! bia little scheme was frustrated | by tlicaccidcntalcireuinstanccofthccoachmau 1 taking a wrong turning, so that when the carriage stopped the side on which thc widow was scated was nearest to tho pavement. Thc footman, "too, was unfortunately a very Binart youth, ami descended from the box with such alacrity that thc carriage door w as open before Mr. Tcmpauy had recovered his surprisa at having reached thc jeweller's. The cuusc quencc was that thc widow alighted first and stepped into thc shop, while Mr. Tempany feeling that tho Kates were against him, and that bc was pursued hy a ri Icntlcss Nemesis, followed after her in a state of despair. ' Mr. Bevis, how carno you to make such an extraordinary mistake V You aro Mr. Bevis, I presume?' said thc widow, approaching thc counter. 'Yes, madam,' said thc jeweller, quietly. ' Will you be seated ? What mistake ?' Mrs. Bramwell Jay explained with fatal pre- cision, while Mr. Tempany stood by, buraliug with desperate eagerness to put iu a warning word. By sheer forco of will nud mesmeric inlluenee ho succeeded in catching Mr. Bevis1 rye during the recital. Now Mr. Bevis thu jeweller, was a shrewd little man, am! a glance at the agonised expression on Mr. Tcuipany's eager and bloodless face sufficed to put him on thc alert. Ile knew thc unhappy gentlemen by sight and also by reputation, and though their transactions hail been extremely limited iu extent, he liad pretty well fathomed his character, Ile therefore guessed at once how tho iand iay, and what was required of him and though he made no sign, a ghost of a smile liekcrcd for au instant about thc corners of his mouth when thc widow bad finished and awaited his reply. ' I am extremely sorry, madam,' ho answered, with calm deliberation. 'It-it was very careless,' Mr, Tempany was emboldened to say, though his heart was beating fiercely. 'Very,' said the widow, emphatically, manifestly taken aback. ' I cannot imagine how you could have done such a thing.' ' Mistakes will sometimes happen in tbe best regulated establishments,' said Mr. Bevis, with humility, while Mr. Tempany felt a strong desire to evince his gratitude by falling on bis neck. ' Where is thc bracelet thiB gentlemen pur- chased, then ?' inquired thc widow, still in an incredulous tone. For an instant Mr. Tctnpany's uneasiness revived, but Mr. Bevis was quito equal to the emergency. Without a moment's hesitation he turned arouud aud produced from a drawer behind a ease, which he laid upon the counter Mr, Tempany was so overwhelmed with a blessed feeliug of relief that he felt no curiosity aa to thc contents of thc case. His attention waa attracted to it by a startled exclamation from Mrs. Bramwell Jay : ' Oh ! Podmore. What a splendid bracelet ! Why, it is a blaze of diamonds I' she cried, clasping her hands. ' Jib !' exclaimed Mr. Tcmpany, hastily but- ting on his glasses with a startle hair. 'What Good heavens ! That isn't thc bracelet that I -chose,'he added, seeing at a glance that it must be worth several hundred pounds. ' Yes, it is, sir,'returned Mr. Bevis, in a very quite decisive tone. . No. I-I think not, at least,' grasped Mr. Tcmpany, but observing the shrewd look on Mr. Bevis's face, which said as plainly as possible that the bracelet was tho price of the service ho had rendered, Mr. Tcmpany sub- sided into a frightened and uneasy silence. ' Oh 1 Podmore. This is really too good for Amy. Much more than is necessary, I'm sure,' said the widow, who had been gazing, enraptured, at the ornament. ' Yes, Theodosia, so I think I' acquiesced Mr. Tempany,eagerly. 'Itistoorieh. I'msuro ; she would like something quite plain better. A gold band or a single spangle would bc much more suitable. I think 1 will change it.' 'No, Podmore, I have an idea. Amy was delighted with my bracelet, and she shall have it. I will keep this one instead of my own ns a present from you,' said the widow in a tone of decision. ' It will be lirst really hand- some present you have given me you know.' ' I'm sure you don't waut it. Theodosia,' said Mr Tempauy with a sort of groan. ' It it doesn't snit you complexion, I'm afraid.' ' Yon think uot? Look, Mr. Bevis. What do you say ?' exclaimed tho widow, clasping tho bracelet on her shapely arm. ' lixccllcut ' cried Mr. Bevis, in a tone of emphatic admiration, for which Mr. Tcmpany bated bim on tho spot, ' nothing could look handsomer.' 'Very well. Then that is settled,' said Mrs, Brad well Jay, pleasantly. 'lam sure Amy will bc glad to get my bracelet back again.' ' You will have tho stone replaced, of course, sir?' said Mr. Bevis, iu a business-like tone as he took up thc discarded ornament. ' Oh J certainly interposed thc widow, be- fore Mr. Tcmpany could falter a remark. ' In fact, I think thc setting should bc renewed altogether, lt is too old-fashioned.' 'I will make a good job of it,'replied Mr. Bevis, initting thc case ou one side. ' Good day, madam. Good day to you, sir,' Mr. Tcmpany went out ot tho shop without uttering another word, being quite speechless with mingled emotion, His horror at thc probable amount of the jeweller's bill was only equalled by the maddening feeling of helpless- ness which kept him from remonstrating. So far from experienced satisfaction at bis escape, bc was now inclined to think that it had cost him too dear, and his sentiments towards Mr. Bevis had changed to deep resentment. He had excused himself from accompanying the widow for thc remainder of her drive, feeling that bc must bo alone to brood over his crush* iug misfortunes. The lady seemed neither surprised nor hurt at this sudden desertion. Mr, Tempany had an uncamfortable sus- picion that she rather enjoyed his discomfiture She was charmingly affable, however and over- whelmed him with expressions of gratitude for his handsome present when he showed her into her carriage, ' By-the by, Podmore, dear,' sho exclaimed putting her head out of thc window SB he drove off, ' what could have induced you to say in your letter to Amy that this lovely bracelet was an heirloom in your family V This significant speech riukled a good deal in Mr. Tcmpany's mind when elie had sufficiently recovered from his state of horrified bewilderment to think it over. It really sounded as if thc widow eupected she had been imposed upon, tlioughh she bad not scrupled to turn thc circumstance to account. It may have been owing to a guilty conciencc, but M r. Tcmpany certainly fancied that from that day forward thc widow began to manifest decided coolness towards him. So apparent did this become to him, that if he had had any self-respect he would have terminated tho engagement. However, as Mr. Tenpauy regarded his marringc, os wc know, irotn a very material point of view, he was not in- clined to easily aflrunted. At tho last moment, however, au unexpected obstacle occured, The widows solicitor in tervended with some very uuBty suggestions about a marriage settlement. This did not suit Mr. Tynan's views at all, and being un- able to come to terms with tho lawyer, be appealed somewhat indignantly to thc lady herself. Mrs. Brad well Jay refused to inter fere, saying that she was entirely in the bands oí her legal adviser, and thc uysbot was that li nd i og thc widow's fortune was so strictly lied up that he might be reduced to tho unpleasant necessity of supporting his house- hold wilth his own money, Mr. Tempany resolved to remain a bachelor until a more favourable opportunity offered. Of course, this was a dreadful blow to him. lt riged him considerably, for when he came to add up what his engagement had cost bim one way and another in actual £. s. d., ho was faitly horrified at thc amount. Mr. UCVÍB'S account brought tear to his eyes, and reduced him to a state of incipient imbecility for days. Ile had to pay it, however, nut did be get a farthing discount, tlut it was at least a faint consolation to think that he would recover something out of thc fire. The btacclct would fetch a good round sum, even ot second hand, and this rcllection buoyed bim up a little so long as he was permitted to indulge in it. But alas .' liven this small solace WAS denied him, for in acknowlcdaing a small parcel containing thc presents she bad made hiui, thc widow wrote as follows : 1)I:AI: MR. TEMI'ANV,- Thanks for your sad, sad letter, and enclosures. 1 do not liko to think of what might havo been but for thuse dreadful lawyers ! I return all the dear gifts you gave me except oue, which I am sure you will allow nie lo keep and wear as a souvenir. Thc bracelet-your last gift 1 cannot bring myself to part with and I ¡jroini.su to keep it always-always ! -Your I íriund and well-wisher, TlIKUllOSlA lin.AJI WELL JAV. NATIVK INNOCENCE.-Counsel for the defence, had concluded a pathetic appeal to the jury-thc prisoner at thc bar bad been accused of stealing an overcoat-the barrister had demonstrated beyond a doubt the innocent-" of his client. Acquittal ou all thc counts of thc indictment. On leaving thc court thc accused, now released from custody, approached his liberator and inquired, with candid simplicity, "Now it's over, I suppose I may wear it !" 