THE LIMEKILN CLUB. * Am Bmdder Stepoff Joonson in ie hull di3 eavnin'?' asked the President as be arose and looked up and down the aisles. * Yes, sah.' * Ben he will please step to de front.' Brother Joonson appeared to labor under the impression that a medal wbb about to be presented him for having the lnnp-ftst nair of Iip.pIs of anv colored man in Ameriea, and bis face wore a broad grin as he Btood at the desk, ' Stepoff JooDSon J' said Brother Gardner in his most solemn tones, * 1 was in de back room of a grocery on Beaubien- street de odder night to bar gin fur ten bushels of 'tatera, an' I heard your voice as you cum in to order fo' pounds of buckwheat flour, an* to remark dat your ole woman was ravin' crazy wid de toofachc.' * Yes, sab, dat was me.* * De ole man Climax soon drapped in, an' it wasn't five minits brfo' you had a hot dispute 'bout de age of the airth.' 4 He don* know nuffin. Bah.' * You called him a fool.' An' be called me a liar !' * Yon said he was a bigot.* ' An' he said I was a humbug I' * I heard it all, Brudder Joonson, an' now I want to talk to you a little. In de fust plaee, what do you know 'bout de aige of de world ?' * I — I — well, sah, what does de ole man Climaz know 'bout it ?' * Dat's it — what do either one of you know 'bout it? Nuffin,' nuffin' tall. Dat'a whar de trubble cums in. Two men will dispute harder ober what dey doan' know dan ober solemn facks. De worst enemy I eber had was a man who got mad at me bekase I wouldn't believe in ghosts. What we doan' know we often try to make op fur in argyinent. What we lack in argument we try to rnsk uj.' fur in blab. It am easier to call a man a fool dan to produce facks and figures to convince him dat he am in de wrong. It am safer to call an old man a liar dan to wink at » young man's wife. Let me say to you : ' What you believe iu wid all yer heart may, arter all, be wrong. ' Oe man who drops argyinent fur epithet has no case. * It am only de fairest minded men who admit deir ignorance of what dey doan' know. * Abuse may silence a man, but it won't convince him. * It am onty de bigot who prides him self on his cast-iron opinyuns. * It am only de fool who believes assershums am true bekase he asserts 'em. ?Now, Brudder Joonson, yon drap back to yer bench an' sot down an' stay sot, an* de nex' time you h'ar somebody boldly announce dat die world am fifty millyon y'ars old you pick up your buckwheat flour an' walk home wid de refleckshun dat it wouldn't establish de facks in de case if you an' him war* to gouge, an' bite, an' kick, an' claw till deir wasn't a rod of sidewalk left ni Gardnerville.' — Detroit Free Press. An explainer : A retired carpenter. 