Our Concert Stall. The Saturday Pops. — The managers of these entertainments at the Protestant Hall have not been living up to the grand privilege that Mr. Punch accorded them of teaching the young idea to part-sing. Miss Marie St. Claire and Mr. Hallewell have been giving Eossini's magnificent duet — or rather three duets rolled into one — the celebra- ted " Bella Imago " from Semiranide, but Mr P. likes their Itossinian phrasing less than most that these talented vocalists do. More to his taste were this lady's refined and elegant rendering of Ribaudi s Romanza, "Alia Steila Confidente," with violoncello obligato by Herr Patek, and the gentleman's fine singing of The Two Oi enadiers. These parties are no relation to The Two Gendarmes, and there was no one, on this occasion, for Mr. Hallewell to " run in." The song is an effective setting by Schumann of Heine's thrilling and pathetic ballad, " Nacli Frankreich zogen zwei Grenadier, Sie waren in Russland gefangen. " In the last verse the Marseillaise is introduced with fine effect, and Mr. Hallewell uid ample justice to the song. Miss Keane is somewhat too impassive, and inclined to drag : otherwise her pure and sympa thetic voice would be more effective than it is. But Mr. Punch could do with a trifle less of the amateur dirge, and a little more glee. He has strong misgivings that recalcitrant teno:s are somehow at the bottom of the present state of things. At any rate, he makes the managers a present of his own special and particular receipt for the preparation of these rare delicacies. It will often be found useful. " Take s quarts of good Conger Eel stock, and boil down to the necessary consistence, add 19 ounces of Pouter Pigeon (boned), a few Chilies, a soupqon of Arrogant Vinegar, and a sprig or two of Thyme and Meadow-sweet, chopped very fine. Mix well together in a hot stew- pan, moisten with stout and tonic, and serve with plenty of butter. Garnish with patent-leather boots, Piner's 7f best primrose kids, and 18 inches of immaculate shirt-front or a paper frill. Madame Marius' Concert. — This charming lady's appearance as a beneficiaire, on Monday at the same building, was hardly as successful as Mr. Punch had anticipated. An imperfect pronuncia tion of both English and Italian, a slightly forced and laboured style, and an unfamiliarity with the Handelian traditions which are essen tial to such a piece as " He shall feed his flock," a little marred the effect of much that was otherwise artistic and enjoyable in her sing ing. and prevented Mdme. Marius from doing full justice to her tine and almost too powerful voiee. Mr. T. H. Ilainford gave an excellent rendering of Schubert's ever-welcome Wanderer, and Mdme. Char- bonnet- Kellerm an displayed her usual brilliant execution in a scherzo of Chopin's. Mr. Punch hoped however, when Herr Vogrich rested temporarily from his labour of love, that the ghost of this restless and over-rated composer had been laid for at least a time, and that he might complacently observe with Hamlet, "Best, rest, perturbed spirit." But the fates who preside over the pianoforte have willed it otherwise, and Mr. P. can only once more wonder when people will learn the difference between musical gymnastics and musical gems. Signora Agnese Palma's Concert. — Several somebodies missed a treat ou Wednesday evening, when Melbourne lent us a lady, not unknown in our musical metropolis, possessed of a grand contralto voice, with an extensive upward range, and a cultivated dramatic power that is none too often met with. Signora Palma's exceptional gifts were equally manifested in the beautiful aria from La Favorita . "0, Mio Fernando," the joyous "11 segretto per esser felice," and Tito Mattei's elegant romanza, " Non k ver." Another treat was Signor Riceardi's singing of Gordigiani's aria, La Bcnedi- zione, which was all a lesson in voice-production and phrasing, and of The Vicar of Bray, which he gave with such a quiet chuckling humour that Mr. Pucnh could almost hrye taken him for an English man. Seldom has the Village Blacksmith been more splendidly sung than by Mr. Hallewell, or Mr. James, Iii nchy shown himself more artistic and refined ; while Herr .Vogrich played with especial bril liancy, and Mr, Charles Huenerbein coi>tr,ibated not only an excel lent pianaforte solo, but the whole of the accompaniments in his well- known careful style. I A tree that bears several fruits — The axle-iree of a fruit Cart. 