OU,-SB TOGY--TELLE.- CLEOMLMEES, ;THI G.rEEK. 1 T.aLE OF TILe '1EEr?EcTIOr Ionf ?st '' DioeLrsa.. CHAPTERP V. Ttl Foorum" of Romne was apointed as the plane of .auscmbly where, week Iby week, the suspected or ocknowleldcd Christians were accused and' condeinned. It was a noble and opaci6us hall. adorned with all the mag nifieeene of the tilme. The days had gone bI' when the rulers of reionlican it mne, evere ill thlir oilnplicity. zent forth their jnugements front beside the warrior's tent and the farmner's plough. Even the sway of D)ioclesian. who gone no eoootenaitnc to lxury.' fail?l to iestrict the unlnltoto ed lore of spietdoi r which 'was the destruction of Rome. ; How woull the ghosts of thote stern old Romans have looked with disgust and co?temnpt on their ancienit forum thronged with statues. not'of heroes, lint of crime laden and elfeminate emperors, whomn they would have deemed too ablect to :wiehl womnan's distaff-- oo vile to crawl eInder the loathtale gartent of a slave. On1 the gorgeon?s seats which occupied the place of. the ancient rostra, reclined the judges--men, wihose splendid gannents and eoreles alttittudes, lmlde thetl seem more like guests at a feast than enlators whose tint was to Ie that of life tor death. Ilefore theml stood tihe Ctristians, a hand ns various il age, sex, and station, rs tilat which had mnet at the catacombs. One by one they were called upon to lanswertlhacnusation-or deny their faith hyIasting insee on tile niltar, of Januns, whose temple was within theo p'leiincts of the ftanlt. Olnle Itv one lid tlhoae oenple alll faithful followers of tine tnpstles go to. their trial ntl thei ilt eoom ; Oetlllt ith witld ltergy dpouritng forth anilthroats otn the idol anid its wornlitippel. toherel-y gatiulg' more qltickly tile loengnl.for dctatl : others, in te lm en'drl anle, uttering no words of anger or te proach, Ilat nomeehly anid silently nItetilng their dloon. ' .1I?ttMsa, the daughtrr of IrCeteus; stand forth!" credl tie cold stern voice of (;alerius, the eetonlt inl tile cltnire, a lharsh and merci less jtudge. FIirnlly and tolmrtt the young manlten gliht?t frttnt her father'- ride. and stood be. fore the triblunnl sti!l covretld with her veil. The jaudge notioned her to to ke it off, and the pae l sweet face of then wa.s rc-ealed to h.li'ttle ees t. Soor 't llit ! tthou at youtng to dic tin.," said a conmtassion:ate voice : it ca.me frpo, him who n at nexto o :aoletis., a hoe ta of middle age, wleo anilt feasiures nalo fair hair contiasted strlongly with the dark-look ing, cruenl-cFed judlge. "'hou wtn rt always soft-hearted, (oon. satatius Chlorts," asoweerd (;alnrius, with a sIner. "l t tile will of tile cenperoor ntlltl elldone, nievertheless. I'airdiunoel! I would not Ir harsh to thee! tlhe alter is near thee, thro on it lbut a few grinll of inoen-oe anti thou art free. Surely, th;e task is very lBst Mtata was innovablth. "1ive lher tile 'scied' !" criertl Inleriots. " Comne, nmaiden, wilt thol lri this ?" "I will not," e .me from the girl's lips ins tole Inost sweet, and yeot tliet. "I fi al a Christian." One deep sigh, as' of oinized suspense, was onheard fron the mlidst of the Christlin lanud, and fromn the multitude beyolndl rose a talf-luptpresele shriek,--they llcame from tihe father and tlnthcrof tle doolmed tlcsa. " Fool!" said the judge. "' Who taught thee to belicve such lmadtness ?" t" I did," crited Ireetavs, stepping forth Itonico Ml:sa. "I el tlhe Ciwistian fathei of this Christian child. I was Iretn:els, the soldier of l'rolhns, the victor of the Sarnan tials, the Ilottert of tlte enate ; nowv I aln o-martyr for the faitlh of ie holy talilean, ready to die wiith this myn devoted ansd dhlti' ful chill." The gentle countenance of Constatttiuswas fuilof psio. . " ' I • "~ ohle Irtn:ens," lIe said, "we will tnot listen to theet=onr ars" aie'ideaf. - Go away to thy house; let: one enieoe for the eacri But naleritts, full of avageo pleasure, ordcren his bgards to lead the newv criminal to tle alter of incense. To the surprise of all, Ircnatus walke amteonistingly thither, ald stoo loeforn tilte lstatue of ,iaaun. Till lie eretl with a loud voice, "Cersdl itdol worshippedto blindly by the votaries of a cursed faith, tiuls does thie err Vnllt of tile one true (lod execute vengcancle tpon tliee !"1 And,. witlh a I h? fromn that ag~ li bt once powerfnl arm, vllich hadl crush?al the enemios of tRome like to Illuny grasslhoppers, Ireolins dasited the statue froum its pedestal. and it fell, broken in a thoulanld piece., on the tnlple floor. ' A cry of horror, of revenge. of exultation, burst from the Ruioatts and the Christiant. All was confusion in tine assemblly; and Iretetts wouhlt.lve Ina, tornl in tiecs by tile illnlignlantt ttlltittde, lhad-IolIot inilerts eonlllludel thie gluards to scnleur and pro tect him. Thuts the ool man was borne away, and M31aa stood ia the midst of the forum, alone and unprotected. not unprnotectl : for. saddetly a youn man Iclape froe t cro ad sto the ro an too y maiden's a ide. it was Cleolentce. lueas in that dread tiltte a gleam of joy camq over 1MassI's. tontenance at the faithfuilntss of hin ahe leveol bat in a' omensot she whlii pered nlourntfilly, ." Clmetnns, wty a;l it o here t-must I blring death o l thee, toou" He did not answer lher; but turned to thle younger of the jaudge. , 'o1 Cotntatntisa ! I appeat to tino the for the sake of this young taiden. Hlow" tacu sine le guilty, evan if, he have been tnadle to confonu to her fatlher' fhitth ! Noble Chlo rus, thou tast known tune fretom my youthl; here I pray thee to grant me this maiden'sa life. Romnans." he crihl, . turning to the tiultitude, "let thle :dltighter of the con dlsnmed Ilrtoeto he forgotten in the wifq of Clro on thIe Greek." - At thi name a cry of pleasanre rose up frot thle crowdl. " H-is a good naOns : It. hill tike tine girl. Lst line CGloeteonoo tilhe Gfreek!': were severally hord" frolnt the clhaugeable Itopulace. ". "t-t hIer cast tlt il-lle--tto but nit n atin. \- tanl sih].is free," said -l. i on.e ,:Cleoilenets iad tl;cst to tile shrine; he placed the censer inl her lhad; lie stoodl he. fore iher, with his sweet. loritn, and beseech=: inog eyes. The daughter of Irclucus looked atitinl, pressed hli hands to her lips and lonothm. then let thetll-go. anld aid.nt., .For thee-for: tlite, nont faithfVi and llolo s one, Ie would ne:r tto e all ot ,artonl hLt I illlolt deny ml)y ml !" Sine east ine oeusar ou tine eartin, fnl Ier hnds aly oner ns ay o r ireasnet, and .said once mor,, m or e ..:'I a a Chrit'ian. .Lett nc.di. o with e ly father." CHALTEt I. : A?oI -. where, alidst :all thlis, wasn thie oltrayer, the watoman whooe lore wa rworn than hiate,-thn unsinpectedl gnilty ote whone nlf-tortuins tente ten tliouoanl sioea tia re rlbhan a ta e , -m rt r'q [nunc -- w fcr 'etndering anout'like- n unquiet sph'itt in tln.;desolate: .home,--il t ro?mwtle Fomm.--inl thie irie?-n, oire!lcn'?Chaoe:dcnt ic(l oneir-awniteJ a dlonr-.mnil. 0!ctat h, to :gace tihe next-idstin al of thio s :it lllt nononcrers, thoe fotiieo::iawhl, thoel 1 .00 id In 00o nltlntlsiantic-foit'el'Cov'+?ctl .il,.e Itokoenon fratiotn:o tly.r" whs-o plor--.it her anupat;el ,bn .,nisrin on'+ i,,?iat; no.hn .. her os-nt i:nlcento :hiley,-- tho loVro- whose iemionatt'-olevttnnr'ot-rotn - ,,, o Ctr cn-ih wrayt o errer-o: I?t! Ionl.g01" inlthat jllu I a hn?:li Cd. trltoptg;:t . : 4 -.tlC lcibir wtioe ,t tC Ca-tr ibu Chl buming ,iro-t:a cri-an e ,v,ý i n cic?tot .ec? i kud lot ks hiawords fr tho;z as' 0d zato E leeply intjurul, trembluin; cery hour lctr some unuforuccsr hltace shtuhl rtvocl the truth, and lay the curme of the blrcatved on the double :turdlereuc But ost ag-onisint, was i to Ib :t daily t twitieps of tile stron' .:vi dcpail;'.v .lve.- f the ahbost adoriun?rc'et , wue ritht hilieh CILoentmeas leukdtt 111,l.l ti!i t wl;:, lo.*e l-r self, w-ho hald tpillI her sod l ;:iu i tltha lore, wa not rey tallin d. IIl tile proapect of ttehCiru-'u; tue tur timul ta ture tiroed: 1,l. though - h'tltO'il uftentimnes repluove- hits ilughtu orfoa th it tdolice of fecli whi le oi :-e Yoortby of a Chriotin. nd un.:l l tho was about to ie'ter oui thie gLtrit of martyrdom, yet he did out forlbil tun youg (iroek lfron coming daily to the ti.i). Tie ports adberone of guu.cl- e tr i e, otnl reliiue,. hi, highl rh:.ictvr, aind the rtce-lou in ?hich he was hc!d by Ceonstulicti Ch!o'u.s, procured hlimt this favour. mal enabled hi a ill liatuy thintg to allcviate tile Ceo:ition of thie aptives duriln the wary ttime thatt, rit a tliielllnllt of ruelty, o.r f?e ?ilutliy uoleareed to clanse Ibuweelu th.e uo.deulula.tl.oll and death of tile Chriutiai. Atd thou, within thol e gloomy wuals the young tovers met. This bitter sornow-thii ilm pendiun fate--but dre their heart rear elr to-ucthcr. A hly cahuntess took the place of :laidenly tilidtit : il the bosom of .rul- ; it was uorely 1ot sin to love OCconcnc lnow. Hfour after hour al snieretd himn to sit at her feet, and look into her ucve, unti il tile ptat seemled all blotted out, and tile horrible future grew diml in tile distaic,--as thou igh it would Inot lie that tuell love u oul-I be swtallowe.t lip in leatlth. Now and houe Mmta spoke to hinr of her faith, of the herssed hopes lwich sustainedI lier: rual, tlhough Cleonle:e;? answe:ed :nt, it Eeelted tt uleras itf in titllet go oil, that,I perchance, uwhten those 4:ecet ilils were ilcunt for ever. utvL· o-et-.teell Wo:ds I;ight c olle nek tlo hi, I la lutrny, d Lth wist e noelh 1it'el, , )i4-k o'ber miht lie Lc r.,vcl ot thaet heIaveuly rd u thle itimple tueaýliilgot tint unlearned girl, witoe love lrs het only. seiemn Ix li ke an cteruli pastiug belt'c e the 'two who, though o dit::creut in til ruH-e, wcre yct o f-riltly utuited in t-hat one Itun tcrioos tiolld of love. At tisles thie talked ads if there had been no s;r,w ill tiLo world--ou cloud l anginl? oVr thebn ; they .puh. oi old days of pe.ace au. ie,, )iiht:4ý, xajd %;L-,a played nith tiet ds 4tl -ers w:ich her lover took care ti !ril"I t le prlison; listttuc. to ttheir \- lced then, in the snutil b0uai F sushine that crept "ttrough tLe in * f'.tice ! of thie mas-ive walls; meritimn ill childlik t fortgetfulite.s of it.aoble.uo, hia ciuti to hii-r oiwnlow ::iusicallaiw;hi. lIows:tninge it :?Ollll ill - ti.t, :. et la. ' ! The' a le mot-ifl look wo uld stay ovir her face as she wold sigh to ciave tilhe bcautiful woruld, ade still tnore beautiful by leov, utn;il Clo'ulcen woutld snatch her to Iis osol, --ecln her father did not srny hiill l1ay at tluch a titue,-aild decla:re with wild etnergy thate itu power stoilul- tale ber irit hhn,-t that bis licart'. IwhavL 7 lolu 1 hldl ?lt dl, : Ai (llIt tile tor'uored cyc- of Sthtolnice be held, and she kncw that her sin was all ill vtain, for that noughlt but death could sepa-. t:te love fIron love. At last, through the aetonishled ciity spread the news of tile abdication of )Dioclesial, and tile appointtutcnt of (ilcrius to the sole powcr of the \Western Emiupire. Fearful, indeed, -was this intulligence to the Christiaus of tlome, for they kntew that the rejuicins oil accounlt of the new clulieror were the signal for the death of their coll dlemntcd bretlreen; andut, lhlet to bear of all wcu- tile sosponse in which tile prisoners weret kept, eacione knuowing nt the day or ouur when lie mnight be ledi to the place of crucifixion, or toulthe circus, to make sport for the high-borit, menu and fair women of Itome witlh his dying agonies, in tile struggle witl% wVild beasts. It was from tile lips of hius wife that Iren eils tirat leald the tidings of Iiscotting fate. Distracted with terror, D)oiitilla rushcdi thlrough the streets of Rtotu to tilhe priEon whlure her Iluslland an ild il lay. Ever and anon tile shouts from the Call scum rose upon tile air, telling that the sports were already hbehun. She entered the prion ; even its terrible stillness was a blsoing after thtose death-lauten neclatua tio:ts. : :est sat at lier father's feet; onl her lap tile parchuelnt which contailned tle precious yordts of eouifort--a trei?oure so zealously gutardled by the early Clurittians, that torture it elf often failed to extort from them the place where it ttas concealed. The young girl looked so pure, so calu, so full'of life, and youth, tand lovelitess, that at the sight a wild shriek burst front tie luothel'r, ld te fell Se.celuess on tile Iloor. Irentutu , with a gentleness which was utl tsual to Ilitu, uiaued his wife in, his aons, and looked iinquiringly at Stratonice, whlo followed. " Father,' ?ihleuid, ulowly and distinctly, though her !ips were pale eL death, and her wuild cyes glareld cith a utnlnge light; "father, the games att the circus have hegutt." ' Is it cven ?o," answercd Iremluts; then tile tiule is colle. Mur, my beloved, dost thou lultr?" SIte hald buric ller face in the whlite veil whicil she still wore, but, at his voice, lshe leaped up and clung round her fatler's tleck, nutvircepinug, but as white and cold as a ilarldu statue. "Io death still so terrible to thee, poor child ?" said Ircutaus softly; " but fear not, I1:wl, the (lol of thy father anid minoe will give thee stroungth when- it couiuec. HIave any of any brethren yet suffered, StratounicV' ,ie continued. " I met them bharing Leontiuo and Bal bus?ith his' wife Plancinao; oand fromt the arm o was oarted the whit-lhuredl priest whto stoed bLside thl forull--at least tlS--" Strafonieu could nbt iinish the iuentence, for a convulsive shudder came over c ter. But not a Uluscle quivered ill tle compolod coulo teoanec of tite aged Christiln. " They delay ill till the last before they send for Iceun:.Lc tile Centurlio," lie said, .with a feoarl'? uiuile ; "' tley thinkt tllhese agd lilibr .will farunish Itie sport for' the Ifyrcauianl tigers, but I fear not, Stratonice. Take thy noter," e addtluled, it suftenled tones, "'she will soou have loneU but ttel." . .Iut Stratonice dathed herself otirthe floour at his feet, and criedl it tones that raog throughlthe prison with the shrilhless of rc IaoriS and despair, "' lFthcr--ftber, kill tile b ith thly curý, luit lpetak not so geutly. I-olnly l--hare dontu thius. I uhave -etirayd lany sister-I llaue tittudcrd.ttll. Ot t Irtulcuoi-- datre not -tllt thec ftttlu--port a ?ut--tlay ilnc--lot tit d(oo at thy feet" - Irenueus took his robe from her grasp, nid ttfUd frouml her as frott IlOisOIlle' rcptile. Blut "Ifte.-- looked on her sister, dl Iit t lt look there was minglcd- neither :-geor nor diutsot, but oorrow ut d ct rooupooouo ti.ust titly, it oto prtiful to 0e0 tltt trotdl lhead lurued to tile rvery dust--that lon beautifutl halir tort ilnt sclttlered int fng mncca t titI tile paeioniateocu-omeiunu of her "'ttot:o e c aitlu ,?a, "u I ever lredl ttIu--- u ncrtr di tioe vil. my liste(r. hy " I-eo, to?t didslt take teo fulomt tile joy !,r'alle :i,::t [,entity of thinue otofo Cto-uululluueu frl't t;lte uthen I luoe.thnim; o, telu thou ii:ca?c to Fue t ty.self and bless him, t hll- e I ave :Tliticu fathert., ulothur, otui.c;---ca iiay; o:': anti:;, ftor the love oCf Cleon enFea: \\\';,t uove is grtnteut, thiure tur in)e?" t!:tt 0t hu nllll t:?trbli" g o fu t the vhit. n s t ut -u - tt? ut i ,i g sturtt , f 'S t -attict" h!i,:li" rou: 4 I!onltill a rmn he:rmwan.o ;lhnt t/-!'e tl-hbld nlid :of.thu wft of. rc::s -.:tuld ho' cleauurltts ou:ipreosnd wltwas '- ipo.tootbue'u:ouutt-'t..l ,u-.ta oufhir I tout lookingin her face,'in -a-tnte ot- cdrel ly-un :essiousnesswhich was iandeed blliss.:, ; . .tlaawehilo tl:ecsteat coie of -Ircsss all. Iteseed the prostrate Str;atonice. "t'tnnlan ! rise ns." !The hanhty spirit of the Greek girl twas llhduei at his tone ; she arose and stood be fore hi:, hl.mbly and silently as a c?ild. " iHad I bren of like faith to thee, wretched ne." raid Iren:tes, "I should have cursed ihee ;: blut tl:e Christians do not so.. fIt ill acumes one who is passing into the presenlc of tile All-mleriful to return evil fr evil. T'ir;efore, thine own conscienc le Ithy tor isornt." At this moment, evsn through the lense ealls of the dungeon penetrated the shouts of the mtultitde. ,iWhen the sound fell on the cars of Stratonie, it seecmed to rouse her naiost to frenzy. "Oil! fatlher-- sister - pardon i", sihe sl:riekcd. Leave ilts fot with )your biloo upon ily head. t:rtionl-lalrdonl !" " I do pardon thee. poor unfortunate," answered lrenaa. 'Tilhe deed has given te a glorious crown,, while thln thyself hast lost all." lr.ea bent ovcr her sister, and laid on her troy, the kiss of peace. "I too pardon the, Stratonice," sle said. " I Faii soon lpin then no longer; his love was rely sweet to ne," and tile young girl's •oice trembled ; "but when 1 have gone away.there will be noun to part thee from Cleoi:lenes." "'And now trouble us no more--thos thomi. I have to long called daughter"-said. Tre:nss. " eave us to prepare; for. the leath thsou hast given." . ie drew Mf.?-sa from her: mid Stratonice shrnmk away, asd crouehed down in the farthest corner of the dark cell., Irenmus and his daughter sat together, and awailted in silente and calnesns, the fatal, sum. 1n1 )lid. I.oudcr and louder grow the ehouits of the nualtitulde--it seemIed as if they came cearer ead nesarer. untiil -they reaichel-the priseon its-fI. inttlilctll the dloors were lInS ope, e-I. :te thethrelhohl, -tooid net the ttiicers ¢l::o Ihre the sig'?l of death,' hut th i noble anid beloved form of Cleomenes the Greek; isis countenancee gleaming with joy, his tliaht :air inti l back hlIis right hard war-a; islfa!toft plrclhment. l t was the edict of Ilaleriius; tlhe Christians By a sudden determination of policy, mater than ill impulse of mercy, the inew :mperor had isautd ai general pardon to his Cinisftian subjects, with permission to exer cise their religion in peace. Wildly -front that merky cell rose up the ei of i joy anil del-lveranice and tlhe prayer of tls:attegigving. The wife clahg to her ln. ihar:l-il dlifference of faith forgotten ; tears -c-rcn ttears- hedewedl the iron cheeks of irenoas s hlie c!asped his daus'hter to his blnati, and k::lw that the shaidow of death no ]on""cr gather ti oncer hear, while Clco itlettes knelt ibeilde MXsa. kissing her halnds, her ga:IIenti, with delirious joy. And there in the darklness--afarfrosm all crouched Stratonic, not daring to be nenr their happiness-glaring tupon them with starting eyes aslid btting bainn Onelomolmient wihl ithll rapture at lire ldelirverance aud hier owni fresdo m fisn thalnt deadl y sin of mntrdler, anl then statin to madnessa the loritng wa.iis .ntt iTyfnti looks wlhieh Cleomenes lavisletd oil nis fhee.a. At last Ire:esis turned to the young (;reek, and the tenderness of the happy father beea:se merged ill tle sternness of tite Chriatian zealot. ife drew 3rt:ea from her lover mnd said, " The blessings of tlhose tlhou hast once eaves, and'to whom thois hast been a joy fuil t.tsetengcr of deliverance, he upon thee, Clomenei ! lbut thou lmust leave its now for ever. I dare not brave the wrath of the Christians' Cod by giving ttmy daughter to an idolater.. Fromt her dark tidiug-place, ,Stratonice started to her feet, anl her eyes were filed on tile countenance of himn sile loved so itadly. Iut no pnin, no disappointed hope darkeneds the face of tihe yotung Greek. Cleomenes knelt before Irennmos, and took hlis hand saying, " Father- even so ! Give me my heart's Ieloved : for Mftesa's God is mine-I too am a Clsr'etiani." A cry so wid--sao deslpaiitring that ittiglht have biet the shriek of a partinlg soul, burst from tlhe lips of Stratoiee, aind, ere tile lover coull embrace his lbetrotihed, ohe stood between them. "Mie," sote said illn aalro at hisper, "?Iatlst thou diad this day I would iane diod too. Thou art Eavedl-tiou art happy therefore, also, I will dlie." Sihelresw a short (-reek dagger frotm her robe, aid plunged it into iher boson,. Life parted-- not utddenly liutlingeringly. Stratonice lay with her head pillowedil on the breast of her adopted mother, with ebbing life alt wnildlniess and ereitrltent pnetSSlasvay.. Onlyl still hler ldil eyes wandered to the face of Cleomenes with mournful tendernless. " Forgive mle," she murmulnred, " thou art. haIpy, Cleolienes, and I die; forgive meefor .Jl\sa lent over tile dyitng girl, and ld it a crtcilix on her hlosom; but the feeble hand of Stratoanie cast it aside with sconl. , She lifted herself ilp wsith wondlerful entergy, eaised her arns in the air,.and criedl, " Gotltls of Grerce--gls of my rountry-I hlarve lived faithlfu to your forsaken shlrines, and faithful I will die. Life has been a :tor-' ture to me; may I find peace in tile land' of the ldea. 'Spirits of tmiy fathers, receive the soul of Sttraotnie " She fell hlck : and the beautiful form wasi only lay ! ' . 