AN ODD STORY CONCERNING A RAG-PICKER. —Joaquin Miller. A curious psychological story was whispersd in my oar last night at the Windsor hotel, by one of the wealthy habituts of that home of American aristocrats. Daring the war, or a short timo aftarwarda, a man, who it is positively assorted had bean a rag-picker, and actually went about with a bag on his back and a hook in his hand, from barrel to barrel and from day to day, waak in and. weak out, suddenly became rich. No one knew how he got rich* But ha bought a block of property and built a bouse on Fifth avenue. He eent hie children abroad to be educated, kept a carriage, had a great and coat of arms, and of course dented vahemanlly all knowledge of the rag-picker. It la safe to say that if any man bad made that charge against him the man making it would have bad to pay heavily in damages. Well, the years swept by, the children re-' turned from abroad cultured, proud, beautiful with youth and hope and promise; and, I trust, good enough at heart and strong enough in heart to feel no shame in any revelations that may follow. But now the father's con cern and anxiety to keep his low calling con cealed was redoubled. He began to tell all eorti of curious stories of travel, life in strange lands, a boyhood spent in Paris, a familiarity with great men in foreign lands during these dreadful daya of rag-picking in Now York city. This preyed upon bis mind to, says my in formant, who knew him intimately, that be became crazad. Hia children began to observe that he would get up silently and go but of a night. He would ceine home steathily at dawn, and they would hear strange noises up in the garret. He grew thin as a ghost. One night— and only a few nights ago —a police man saw a man with a whits-shirt, and diamond studs that glittered in the gaslight, poking in aa ash-barrel with a rag-picker'a hook-in his hand and-a great, well-filled bag on hia back. Theaa he dropped and ran as the officer looked at him auspiciously. But being pursued and captured he gave bia name and address, was taken home, and is now in a private asylum for the insane. Theory f I have no theory about it, I have been trying to dismiss the whole thing from .my mind, but it haunts me; and so I have written it down and divided it up by piecemeal with my readers to get rid of it. But ie it uot just possible that this poor man found bia money in an ash barrel, where it had been hidden, stolen, or loat by eoma govern ment officer, perhaps during- the Hush times toward the close of the war, and so was unable to get hie mind away from the trash of the streets ? Ido not know. The garret of the fine hones, it is said, was found packed fall of old rage.- 