No. 1 STAND. [By Cabby.] 1 wish to give two extracts from my \- London. letter, received by last mail : — I * ' TheSunderland disaster has awakened an unbsiial, I might say an uprecedeuted, degree^, of sympathy thioughout the I country, and has heen felt as a personal sorrow m thousands of English house holds. The Queen, who, in such cases, is always most prompt to interpret tha feel- I ings of tlie people, and the most sensitive to the sufferings of her subjects, imnie-.; diatoly' telegraphed for precise informa- ' tion on the subject, and, having received j it, did not delay in expressing to the Mayor of; Sunderland her profound feel ing hi: the, matter. ' The Queen,' Sir Henry Ponsonby telegraphs, ' is terribly shocked at. this awful calamity, and her hearfcjhlbeds for the many poor bereaved parents. She prays that God may sup port them. Her Majesty is most anxious to hear' how the injured children are.' The feeling jthus.touchingly expressed is responsive to tliat which fills every true mother's hosom, and . which has saddened wanya manly heart.' ' ' The 18th June was the 68th anni versary; of the Battle' of Waterloo, and although many a year has passed since the ' Iron Duke,' who was the hero of the fight, -has gone, yet a few — although the number is dwindling rapidly — of his companions in arms, .on that memorable day itili aurvive. The following, are the nameb-df- the officers of the rank and file — therbare no doubt .thore,' and it appears a pity. ;thfe names are, not preserved : — ' Geneiali Sir Thbmaa Ifeed,'' George Wich cote, and Lord Albemarle ; Lieutenant colonels Barton P. Brown, Charles Kadoll, K.H., James R. Colthurst, William 'Hewlett, Francis' 'Home, Basil Jackson, ' John Molloy, and James C. Webster j ^Majors WilMe, S.;'R. Baady, Edtr^rd W. Drewe, and James Fraser ; and Captein WiUiam Harris. . Waterloo takes rank most properly amongst the greatT'battles of the world. There have indeed! .been'- many engagements when vastly/greater numbers fought and many thousands mo-e were killed anii wounded . than an - that,' Belgian field, but it k is douhtful if therg was ever a decisive battle won:on the result of which events of greater importance to the world turned than cut that.' ' Unfortunately the ' writer does not state where this interesting ceremony took place. - - Redmond's .meeting i 'What a bottle ef snjoke,°Is%! You only have to pat Pat oh the back, and how he will milk ! I find that ParneU in three years . has received' fr6m the &rish; riie ^um of over £228,000 ; from tlie Irish in America, £157,000 ; £10,000 from Aus tralia, not included in the collection by Redmond; a total of £367,000. Now, what has it done 1 Shot a few landlords and hanged arfep dupes_ ' ; f ' Thfcre w^re'two features struck me: the array of well-fed priests (had it occurred in the days of the late respected Dean Butler, such would not have been the case), and. the absenpe of all citizens, with the exception .of- fiheJELev. Mr Aimear and Caljby's shadow. Cabby is well aware he is not able to hold his ground with Mr Redmond, for he would smother him with words, .hut he would ' like to put four questions. to him if he thought they would, be answered candidly. ' ' ' Having received a sirnie irom my whiskered friend, I thought I would give you a few words about smiles, but I will not attempt to describe his smile. No, for I am sure it will put his pipe out of time. What a loss/ As the old ladies say, I give my best respects, and I have not forgotten my promise to call round. The man' who possessed tlie most con genial smile I ever met &as; my old friend Henry Davey Parr. What a wonderful thing £iis smile was,' ; It. was' a swift un conscious ? revelation of character; to whicli.no word spoken could add - lustre. His frank, honest, generous -smile, won me at once some 40 years ago. Many a pleasant evening L have spent with lilm, playjng a rubber of whist. -The best roadster I ever crossed was his choosing. Forgive me for dwelling on these matters a little. It seems to . do one good to recall the memoiy of those kind smiles and hearty hand grips of honest old Parr. I do not know liow; to account for it, but thefriends of our youth seems to be nearer, warmer, and dearer.1 ? I' suppose as we grow older we grow colder. Many a time I have fallen 3n dove with a1 smile, aud on the strength of it have -given the owner credit -for - unproved virtues. Then there 'are ^the g;ood society, smiles. - They are plentiful enough. They are not genome, r smiles at; all, ' but a. peculiar mode of false expression which clever people ican palm off— a counterfeit! for the real ' thing. ? Then :there;['is that most detestable smile, a ikind. of patronis ing oondescendiug mask, with the two fingers put out for, you to shake, to -which Cabby only offiars his two iingers. . Every one knows that half , idiotic smile and grin by the insincere, fools who grin and ' smilo at aJI thing s fair or foul ; grin even when kicked. Then there ? is tha -person who smiles only - on rare occasions, and the snnlc seems drawn out by. some com pulsion, as music comes from a longdis used instrument, and I know and appre ciate someone whose smile is of this kind. Have you ever been in the witness-box and a learned lawyer -addressing you with one of those most 5ifficult smiles. You know not whether it be a sneer or a con fidential smile. If you take it' for the latter, the learned friend has got you and sifts you like a riddle. Their there is that gushing smile with 'Ah, how do you do, my -dear fellow ? So glad to see you. . How are you getting on ? Bv the-bye.can you ' lend ;ine half -a-crown ?' The smile and shake of the hand of that : friend are Jike iiis proiuises hollow— no sincerity iii them.- f' J:; I received ;a , letter, a week or rtwo ago from a friend Uvjng in New York, and he tried to. give a description of Mrs Langtry's i flieile, and he described it as the most ' fascinating,, irresistible smile. : The very ; eyes dapced with joy aud delight, and he believes, it almost impossible for any man catching genuine MHjJressciJieiff. Wlien the Jersey lily comes to -Melbourne Cabby : goes to see her. ... . . ' 1 know a mining bi-okor whose sinile I will defy auy pen to define. It was at a , meeting 1 saw it List. It was like an electric flash, ? and tlien the face subsided into that solemn sternness as of a Judge. Tfot'a miisule moved. Thes'milc ' was a clever move. It .did its duty. J.t checkmated our Sani, and left him chew ing liis cud for a month. Mr Editor, did you ever liave as oue of your contributors a 'coon called one-eyed Peter 1 I knew him, aud sljall never-forget liis smile. Tt was inhuman. It was so peculiar tliat once seen it was never to be forgotten. It, appeared like a pallid phautom, ghoul like on liis cold set face, with seemingly no real flesh and blood in it. It caused me to shiver, aud ask who knows the tale the owner of this ghost of a face and smile could tell 1 I once had a dog, the most intelligent of little beasts, whose countenance was more human than that man's. The dog used to smile with a broad, unmistakable smile. You may say it was a grin if you choose, but 1 maintain it was a smilo, and all people of sense know that dogs are next t j human, and are only waiting evolution. Tlie fine, \ - - /?- frank, generous smile is to me one of the most delightful things I see, aud makes me impatient of the slow conventional approaches to friendship I have already begun to wish for. Perhaps to a woman the sweetest smile, next to tliat of her own little child's face, is the one she sometimes watches resting on the lipa of some strong mail, revealing tlie treasure of tenderness aud sweetness stored a v. ay behind liis strength. Then there is tliat boisterous, care-for-notliing sort of laugh of the Master of Rolls, whose face, I am sorry to see, is now marred with pain and anxiety. Willie, I miss your happy smile and hearty ' Good morning, neighbor,' and 1 am not the only one who misses 3-011. Many a poor housewife who I have seen go away loaded with enough meat or. Saturday night to last a parish poor-house for a week, has cause to regret your, absence. A11 extract from the life of old Joe Griiiialdi, the cloivn of Sadlers Wells, would not be amiss. In tbe town of : Lancaster he saw posted up, 'Shaving! don? by dad, one penny ; three halfpence by daughter.' Joe preferred to be j operated upon by the daughter. After j being well lathered, theinaiden approached ; him with the weapon of operation, and in stretching forth her finger and thumb to j take hold of his proboscis. The maiden paused and gave the instrument a flourish. This was too much for the gravity of Joe ; up went the mouth to tlie right eye. She then made another effort to grasp that prominent feature. Away went the mouth to the left eye. The maiden then turned to the strap, giving the razor one or two powerful strokes up and down. Again she faced the enemy ; away went the mouth from ear to ear. This was too much for the maid; she dropped the instru- ] rnent of warfare, aud down the street she ran, saying there was 'a lunatic in dad's shop.' Joe finished the operation him self, aud left half-a-crown. At the door he met the guardian of the peace, and he presented his card to him and walked on. I am afraid I will tire your readers with smiles, or I could dwell longer basking in them. I will conclude with a line about Cabby and Sue's smiles. It would be necebcary for you to be present to see the difference of Cabby's smile on the receipt of a Mount Bischoff cheque, and tlie other ; on opening a summons to pay calls. Of all women Sue's is the most lovely smile, every moniing it is like the rising sun ; it reveals some new tenderness and endear ment to Cabby's eye. ' ' 