'SUNDAY READING. iSTconditiohs of an efficient Profession of Piety. IB* Bev. a. B. Budge, D.DPbofessoe ■> o*Brnsn*! FsEE CnBBcn College, Giisoow. •JSS3SSE# rCoticludeifrom our last). K^OIECONDIiY.—I®'UB consider tho text as a |; S nraTer for the right to speak, or for agood MzJLi. So understood the petition iB a verj important ooe. A man who would speak to Wtfotn of spiritual things, must bo entitled to ft! jTo in virtue of the consistency between his '• do so in nr. , Tho taat i,e under S'taies must become him: there must be a con H eraity batwoen his speech and his charactor. I'-'Ihe praise of God ris comely' only in ' tho up ^rinht.' Only the righteous may preach rilbkousness; only the temperate in aU things !■" may preach temperance. 'Unto tho wicked 0 God saith, What hast thou to do to declare My featutes, or that thou shouldest take my covc -Z-pant in thy month ? Seeing thou liateBt in A ttraction, and castest My words behind tlioo.' fie Unto tho unbelieving Jew, full of solf-righteoua ntu Panl addresses this series of questions: if. sjlrou therefore which teachestanother, teacliest If thou not thyself? thou that preacheet a man V liicuidnot steal, dostthousteal? thouthatsayeBt ft n man should not commit adultery, dost thou hf commit adultery ? thou that abhorrest idols, efjoit thou commit tacrilogo? thou that makest thy boait of the law, through breaking tho law, tf 'di-honourest thou God f' The demand of con Sfiiiteacy between prof tssion and life could not Si bo more strenuously enforcod than in these ter tests. iff Butitmaybe objected: at this rate, every ft. mouthmust be stopped, for who has not sinnel ? !f Bat the question is not what a man has been, if-bat what he is now? The right to speak does It not require one never to have been a sinner, f but only to be one who has truly and mani 01 festly repented of sin. To show forth God'B praise and to preach his righteousness, you do if not need to be a Pharisee, claiming to be better pi thsn other men. Of all men a Pharisee is the f j least competent for tho task. How can he f- praise the Ioto and grace of God who has not sf felt any need of grace ? How can one sing i of the multitude of God's tender mercies who hu not seen his sins to be multitudinous ? Or ft again, how can he show forth God's rightcous ft neu, who is constantly thinking of his own ? ftA Pharisee is so conceited about his own good | ■ worts, that ho is indifferent to the Divine glory, ft Ifyre can be no cordiality in hi, praise of God's . mffil excellence; he is hearty only in praisiDg i. himself. Hot Pharisees, therefore, but sinners peni F tent and renewed, washed from guilt and sancti oned by the Spirit, are tho men to show forth f God's praise efficiently. Such an one David | desired to be when he prayed: ' O lord, open ! Thou my lips,' He meant to eay: ' Lord, for a f season my lips have been shut by grievoua sin ftunrepented of, unconfessed, unforgiven. I ft once could speak of Thco, Thy glory, Thy holy b- law; but I forfeited my right to epeak on theBe It; high themes by my follies and crimes. Bostoro 1: to memy light, by bestowing on me the grace of true repentance, creating in mo a clean heart, : Knowing in me a right spirit. Doliver me from , the false shame and the pride which cause men ' to conceal their sins from Thee and from their ■-' fellows. Deliver mo also from the dominion of K unholy passions and from cruel selfishness v.-which has killed alt nobleness out of my soul, ! san Jed mo to save my own reputation by i; ■"hoeing the life of an innocent man.' f How many professors of Christianity there ; "em whose mouths prayers something like i Jjus would be most appropriate! How many I- tbrn sre who cannot afford to spoak of God's ,-ngbteousness, because they are unrighteous, and I ..1!0, are silent in reference to transgressions of ; ™'- Paw, because they themselves aro guilty j otthii same! How many are silent regarding f Pvauing evils in religion and in common life I t J"6 their own hands aro not cloan, and thoir [i!, *jrot pur,.! -®ow f°w havo not at least ■ftsmTiv 'T*°nein speaking of abuses and t iomorahties because thoy feared tlio reply, el : I And of those who speak out, how ft thm.l™ Mrn i 0 right to do so—liavo got a .'egitimale way! Tho \- liieti. ta'thful man is not seldom one who I'BmS h ® T ?y<\w.hiI° h« «ies aloud '' i■ moto in his brother's eyo; t Toidnfn°j°'lut on'j keeat'0 he is do '¥ and el'ame Silence is ftXtL w ,i 'an 'ich flpeech' But there J lenoUi). ^aneithor. On tho one hand, ?.'ttdii.fi'eeteermng tho interests of truth 1 uiWiL-. "5n"!' 0,1 tlio other hand, lot not • and nrav - wvV i mout,,> bul B° to thy knoes " ms to return! r i' ,pBD Tho" my iipa j Help > »toX 1 . "1 forsal[0 aU knon'n »ia. and v.Thon ten -?ny, man'" power to say, 'i PKienk. ft1" 6m'ty ' in roforenco to the ftSr ttri , mo tvlliug to bear j 'Oadc to gin,' fm!!latl0n wll0n refercnco is ft fear of bein» » tIlsl?sst- and superior to tho ftlharo ronl„? ftP;oac|>pd with olToneos which ft IbM jp J?d 0 and Thou hast forgiven.' I0'good conseienT ,po~en ,of importance of |; b connection Hifj," af,oclmB liberty of speech ftbnotleii "otttors of conduct. But it ^profession of Ll^ Tr" °°nnccti°n witli the science void of offence." Loose living under- mines the foundations of faith. One who lives an ill life cannot afford to have a high-toned creed. He has an interest in getting all tho doctrines of tho creed made questionable, and all the sanctions of religion weakened. Liber tines need to be free-thinkers. For their own comfort and peace of mind they must get rid of a Divine rule of faith and practice, a future judgment, and even a hereafter. Living a brutish life, they must believe in a brute's destiny, and be materialists and atheists in opinion as well as in practice. I do not affirm that all unbelievers are licentious, but I do affirm that all tho licentious are tempted and have a tendency to become unbelievers. There fore all have need to pray in this connection also tho prayer of the text, meaning thereby, 'Help me to live a pure, holy life, that X may not be tempted to frame for myself a loose, low religious belief, accommodated to an ignoble, ungodly practice.' The prayer of the Psalmiit for opened lips, under tho aspect of a prayer for the right to speak, i3 applicable also to spiritual experiences. No man can speak with propriety of these except in so far as ho is personally conversant with thorn. The blessedness of pardon, e.g., is a suitable themo only for ono who is partaker of it; a song of deliverance becomes him alone who has been delivered— lifted out of tho pit and set upon tho rock. Sin cerity demands that speech and experience should correspond. This law has always been respected by godly men. It was specially respected by David. He did not sing bis songs of deliverance till he was delivered, nor speak j of the blessedness of pardon till he had been forgiven. It is idle to inquire, Would it have been wrong to have acted othorwise ? Bight or wrong, a man like David cannot act otherwiso. Ho docs not fosl at liberty to speak of matters that are unrealities for him. Ife must be able to speak with his whole soul, or he would rather not speak at all; even if it were possible by half-hearted utterances to do good to others. Such sensitiveness may be allied to morbidity, but it is undoubtedly a fault that leans to virtue's side, if it be a fault at all; nor do I believe that the church would suffer loss were such sensitiveness common, for what would it mean but this—that all who undertook to speak to their fellow-mon on religion, had no liberty in doing so except in so far as God had supplied tho materials ? Fou might not then hear all men everywhere speaking about the same things in the same forms of language; but you would then hear everywhere somothing original, some thing coming straight from the heart, something to which you could not be indifferent, some thing that sounded in your ear as no tradition of flesh and blood, but a revelation from the Father in Heaven. Thirdly.—Let us, lastly, take tho prayer of our text as meaning: Give me the heart to show forth thy praise ; or, as a.prayer for religious joy. That this aspect was present to David's own mind, appears from the petition in tho preceding verse: 1 BestorO unto me the joy of Thy salvation.' Interpreting our petition by that one, it meanB: ' Make me happy again, that I may have spirit to praisb Theo as the God of salvation.' This aspect of the prayer is by no means ren dered superlluous by the other two aspects already considered. For there are things which a man knows, and which ho is not only entitled, but bound to speak, which nevertheless he lias no heart to speak. Take, e.g., the simple truth that God is merciful. Every man who has been forgiven knows that truth from personal experi ence, and while he lives he is bound to declare it. But suppose that he has been recontly living not as becomes a justified man, but ratheras he did before he was renewed, and that he has lost in consequence the sense of pardon and accept ance. ' How spiritlessly such an one must per form the duty of bearing witness to the Divine mercifulness I He has no heart for the work. Once ho could sing tho theme, but he cannot eing it now. The old song has lost its charm, and he will never be able to sing it again until he gets a fresh experience of God's forgiving love, supplying materials for a new song of praise. Such precisely was David's ease. He had experienced the joy of God's salvation long before, and had often sung of His goodness and mercy. So far as mere knowledgo was con cerned, ho was perfectly well qualiGed for tho task of showing forth God's praise in that respect. But he had fallen under the power of sinful passion, and in consequence had lost all joy in God, and along with it all heart to sing God's songs. His own psalms, composod in happier days, were utterly distasteful to him. He could not sing thorn, he could not read them, he could not even look at them. He must get a now song celobrating a restored joy, or bo for ever dumb. How many may bo silent from tlie same causo still; having nothing to say 'concerning tho morcy of God, tho lovo of Christ, the value of His Gospol, tho beauty of His character, the incomparablo excellence of His teaching, not because thoy know nothing of these things, except what they lmvo learned at second hand, but because sinful indulgence has put their spirits out of tuno! Sinful indulgcnco, I say, not meaning to assort tlist this is tbo only cause of joylessncss ; for I know that tho spirit of truth arid holiness sometimes loads men into tho wildornoss to pass through experiences which, oventuully rich in spiritual profit, are far tho present tho opposito of joyous. Indeed, joylessnoss is probably an experience awaiting every Christian in tbo course of his growth in graco, altogether apart from backsliding. It is one of tho usual symptoms of tbo Qreen Ear in tho Divino lifo. I speak here, howovor, of sinful indulgence because my text leads mo jo do so, and also because it is so frequent a causo of depression as to doservo emphatic montion. Tho mon of closed lips are vory ofton men who liavo sinned against the spirit of grace, and by thoir own acts brought gloom into their souls. Sorao are joyloss, and therefore dumb to all practical intents, who do not know it, or at least will not ackuowledgo it to themselves. They talk as they were wont to do; repeating old plirasos, using the language of warm feeling, wlien all omotion is dond within thorn; singing, wlien instead of spend they should say spent. I counsel all who are following this practice to give it up. It is very hardening to the hearts of those addicted to it, and Tory offensive to God, and to all discerning men. Of all dialects in iise in this world, tliat which implies emotion where no emotion is, is the most frigid and the most freezing. Do not then keep singing old songs when you have ceased to feel their charm. Seek new songs from God. Do not attempt to live on old experience j seek a frosh experience of God's graco. No man can live on old ex porieneo. The bread of heaven serves only for the day; kept longer it becomes corrupt, unwholesome, even poisonous. The joy of salvation, tho joy in the Holy Ghost, must be 'continuous and abiding. We cannotmske our selves hsppy by the remembrance of a joy that is dead. Ah, in the natural and in the spiritual I sphere aliko, we can only renew our grief by | such recollections! On a review of what has been said, it appears that high qualifications are necessary for show ing forth God's praise, or for making an efficient profession of Christian piety. We need a mind enlightened in the knowledge of God, a good conscience, and a heart ever rejoic ing in God's love. Some may regard these demands as Utopian ; idealistic dreams having no relation to the every-day life of tho church. Idealist or not, they are ideals with which Christianity Btarted on its career. In the New Testament tho church is called a chosen gene ration, and is represented as being chosen far tho express purpose of showing forth tho praises, literally the ' virtues'—showing forth tho praises by showing tho virtues, of Him who callod her'out of darkness into marvellous light.' , Others of better spirit may say: ' It is our duty, doubtless, to show forth God's praise and the qualifications specified are necessary for tho right performance of tho task; but who is' sufficient for tho work? certainly not I ?' It is well to feel so. Would that ail so felt! It would be a blessed thing for the Church if all her members and oKce-bearorB had a high ideal of Christian life and duty. Too many haro no serious sense of obligation either to rejoice in Godorto fear God, to believe in His mercy, or to keep his commandments Happily not a few are. otherwise minded, honestly acknowledging their chief end, but greatly discouraged, it may be, by a sense of inadequacy to its realisation. What shall we say to them ? This ono thing. Hake David's prayer your own; let it be a standing collect in connection with all the duties of the Christian calling. Pray earnestly and often: ' O Lord, open Thou my lips; make me wise, make me holy, make mo happy, that by word and deed, by my whole spirit and life, I may glorify Thee, my God and my Saviour.' Amen. 