Colonial and Intercolonial Telegraphic Messages. (FROM OUB CORRESPONDENTS.) NEW ^OCTII WALES. Friday, March 9. AN inquest -was held yesterday touching; the. cause of "the. fire which broke put on Monday, night in the stables connected with the residence of Mr. Wm. Gray, Oakey Park, near Bowenfels. Some bedding, hn-d been placed: in one of . the stalls of the stable and ignited, burning itself put, together with some straw. 1 The building had a very narrow escape, but the attempt only proved! abortive through the timber fittings being green, otherwise fully .£1000 worth of property would have been destroyed. A man named Win. Quirk, who was discharged from the service of : Mr. Gray on Monday morning, was arrested at Little Hartley, "12 miles distant, at mid-day on Tuesday. He was found concealed behind a log in the bush. It seems he had gone off the road on descrying the'? searching party, A. verdict was recorded against him of wilfully and maliciously setting fire to the place. -His footprints were conclusively identified from the stable about half a mile ¡ along the road in the direction in which he waa found. The man,.who is about 35, came out with the laBt batch of ira migrants, and is said to have a wife and family in Sydney. .' . . Tho so-called ghost at Shepherd's Hill has been attracting numbers nightly to the cliffs close to where the City of Newcastle/was wrecked.'; The peculiar phenomenon appears to bo the re sult of phosphorescence, aud is generally visible from 9 p.m. to midnight, when the tide is not too high. Saturday, March 10. " ' Mr. Redmond, M.P., addressed a crowded and. enthusiastic meeting in the Bathurst Guild Hall last night. Mr .Tohn Mengher, J.P., occupied the chair. Mr. Redmond was extremely moderate in language throughout. He explained the ob jects of tho Irish National League, and emphati cally denied that Irishmen, except, a few fanatics, desired thc dismemberment of the British empira'.' The League, he said, did not ask for. Ireland as much liberty as was granted to the Australian colonies. On the motion of the Rev. Dr. Byrne, seconded by Mr. Wm. Hall, a branch of the Irish National League was formed at Bathurst. A j large sum of money was subscribed in the room. Excellent order prevailed throughout. The police are bringing themselves into great notoriety over the trials for soiling grog to abori ginals. In Port Macquarie sergean t Bennettsonfc. the black tracker into throe hoi el s dressed in private clothes to purchase brandy. The different hotel keepers were fined Jß2 each. Bennett has adopted the same tactics iu Kempsey, and has succeeded' in catching somo of th« local hotelkeepers. Monday, March 12. On Saturday a child of Mr..Grey, a Parramatta draper, died from drinking a quantity of rum.' An inquest was held at Newcastle on the body pf Mrs. Gibson, who had her left leg cut off by an engine..at Burwood, on Saturday afternoon. ; The evidence showed that she had attempted to run before a train of 26 coal-trucks to purchase vegetables from a hawker, but she tripped, and was dragged 140 yards. Amputation waB per formed at the hospital, but death resulted from the shock. A verdict of accidental death was re turned, with arider recommending the Newcastle Company to fence in their line. An attempt to rob the Grafton Commercial Bank was made on Saturday afternoon during the absence at tho regatta of the manager and the other officials connected with the bank. It is con jectured that the burglars must have scaled the outer wall at the rear of the bank, and gained admittance by a private door which leads to the main office. The door of the strong room was tried hard, bat refused to yield. The attempt having proved futile, the would-be burglars de camped. The police have tho matter in hand, but the birds have probably flown in one of the steamers, which left at daylight on Sunday morn ing. Plate-laying on the railway lino towards Glen Innes is being prosecuted with vigour. The past week's coal export from Newcastle WRs 28,803 tons, as follows:--A.A. Co., 6975; Wallsend, 9501 ; Co-operative Colliery, 3988 ; Lambton, 4-108 ; Brown's Collieries, 2303 ; Glebe, 2238; Hartley, 210. The ports of destination wero :-Sydney, 5978; Melbourne, 10,142; Ade laide, 403; Wellington, 491: Dunedin, 414; Lyttelton, 2233; N.Z. ports, 177G ; Clarence River, 303; Honolulu, 1060; Hongkong, 1685; China ports, 020; Singapore, 2991; Noumea, 262; homo consumption, 442. Tho Co-operative pit also sent out 40 tons of coke. The show which will bo held at Blayney on April 3 promises to be a great success. A most liberal programme has been arranged, and the Governor has extended his patronage The farmers at Evans's Swamp, Modrilda, and Newbridge aro trying to form a Farmers' Union. Wednesday, March 14. Tho official declaration of the poll for the Upper Hunter election was made at Muswellbrook yesterday. The correct numbers are :-McElhone, 515 ; Fitzgerald, 4G0 ; Wilshire, 193 ; Bowman, 172\. A man named Turner responded for Mr.. MoElhone, and stated that tno latter would take his seat in tho ABsombly. Mr. Fitzgerald and Mr. "JVilshire were tho only candidates present. At the declaration of tho poll at Scone, Mr. i .. " M'Elhone's supporters " rolled up" in grea numbex-s, and expressed their gratification when it was publicly announced that he would accept the seat. The barque Tamerlane, one of Messrs. J. and A. Brown's direct London traders, has arrived at Newcastle with a general cargo, all well, from ' London. Thursday, March 15. The "Wallsend miners put into force the eight hours' system of labour on Monday last. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of Northern Queensland, will preach in St. John's Church, Wagga, on Sunday next. The following selections were made at Albury to-day :-T. J. Hudson, 40 acres, county of Goul burn, parish of Carabost; Elizabeth Keighran, 230 acres, county of Hume, parish of Henty. \- At the Albury police court yesterday a man Slamed Seelander was convicted of communi cating with the prisoners in the Albury gaol. See lander was recently discharged from gaol, and the day afterwards he was detected in the act of throwing a parcel over the gaol wall. The con tents of the parcel are unknown. A family named Emmett ha3 been rendered destitute by tho lato fire in Olive- street, Albury. A public subscription for their relief has been started. The Albury hospital bazaar was opened to-day, Ond is likely to be very successful. \- A meeting of tho Albury Pastoral and Agricul tural Society was held to-day, It was announced that tho society is in a flourishing condition, and that the income for tho current year would pro bably amount to ¿81000. Tho society has- decided to take steps to urge tho claims of Albury to bo a selected place for ono of tho proposed govern ment experimental farms. . A paddock of 100 acres near sTumberumba, which has been under cultivation for «£20 years, yielded 4000 bushels of wheat this season. John Klauss, for many years in tho employ of Mr. F. Layton, tanner. Grafton, while driving a springcart yesterday, was thrown out, and re ceived injuries which terminated fatally to-day. A man named Hickson aboard tho American barque Resolute, at Newcastle, fell down the hold 10 or 12 feet, to-day, smashing several ribs and inflicting other severe injuries. ) A child named Edwards, living at Stockton, fell into tho harbour at Newcastle, and was almost drowned, only recovering after much diffi culty and careful attendance by Dr. Ashe. News has just been received at Newcastle that fi, butcher's boy, employed by Mr. Boyd, butcher, of Wickham, has cut his throat with a butcher's knife. Dr. Ashe ha3* gone out to attend the patient. 