THE 1MOST WONDERFUL IS.f VENTJvON OF THE AO£. . Y Tillr PLCiItIPATITKrJ PHlISOPiE Undoubtedly this is an age of ilave" tion, and al thlough there nmay o, " nothing new under thle sun" tllei'eO o not wniltinlg ovidelcea that show. 10 existenceo of fotoes which aro beingi ly -in tfact hourly-brought to ligiht, d utilised for many 1inlrposes-sdol eiom antd onomueroial, It is not long !stee we heard that a Calitornian intveor had disoovered the " Telegastrlh,,Yl," by l1moal0ns of which tasto could 6be lo graphled fromi pliceu to plaice, nalddthe difterent tfltvoir of a'iirit even, .tin mitted and easily distlngtuiishe-so mucoh so that tihe reporter, who Vws so thoroughly abaitbed by the woradrfil ness and plracticability of the invetioil, was found dead drunk on the flor, he having illjudiciously isked to b a'owed to taste too litany of the choice hings which were 1000 miles aoff. 'hen, inmnediately following this, we bd the announiceimont tliht ialothier aid yet more stn'tling invention had beed given to the world-the Teleport-ihlich is thus (desoribed by a Bombnty paper, *This invention lits for its object the transmission of goods And individuail by meanss of thle electric ourrent-hy ineaus of which a mna can be reduced to infliuitesimal atoms, transmitted through ia wire, and reproduced safe and sound at the other end. The1 alppratus consists of a powerful bat tery and t 11 vg o metal diso, i bell shaped house, and a largo iron funnol connected with the wire. An experi ment is thlu described :-A do' was .placed on tie inetal disc, and a ' power t'fl current' was appllied to it; instantly the d(g disappeared und was found at the aolier end gnawing i bonejust Is he was hefore hIto was ' triuanorted.' After warb a boy was experhuented upon. Tradur the glass housu, it is reported, the oinventor placed a Goaueso boy-l Ptd:o-wlho was .rrinoing as if hoi thoghlt it a good joke, and we susplect i it was not the firslt time he had been in that house, The current \was again appliod to thei uinder part of the diso, and the same efoect was observed as with the dog. The house was instan tanucouosly filled with a vaporous man, whoseo features and parts were quite distinct until they disappeared;oven the gr'in was diseornible as a mere film of vapor ; in fast it seemed to us that thie grin retainled oven after the body had disappearcdl, In fifteen seconds Pedro was gone; but they found him also at the end of the wire. It was then attempted ao send the boy and the dog along toget ir, bult by an unfortu nate and unforcau accident the infini tesimal atoms o the boy and the dog got mixed in trysitN) aind the resullt was that they bothi looked dreadfully unnatural creatures, the only recognis able feature being the grin, which flitted now and then around thie face of what was assumed to lbe the dog, The filet was this: They could not ascertain which was which for a long time until suddlenly one of the ocertures com-. menced to b.uk, and one Sif the mvit nesses, a Dotor of Phiilsoplhy, ex clainsed-" well, thlere's shmo of the don." The other creature,' whlich was thought t, Ibe really the dof on acoount of its having a tail, comnemed to laugh oautright.-The iventor is now in a lunatio asylum trying to invent an apparatui "having fur, Its object the transportation of rometary, natter from spac to our earth with a ioew to the amslioration of a portion of the human race by giving them sometling todo,'" Now, in these experimentsit is shown that a run will be ablo to travel fi'om India to England by subnarinie cable in a few seconds,) Ibut umfi)rtonntely thero is always the danger ;hat the dis integrated atomts of one tiun may be come mixed with those ofanother, as was the case with Pedro ~md the dog, so that fears were entortaired that for a while at least, pen:ling further im Ipro'emuents, the Telopoi t would not superselde railways--?t leoAt, not; so far as passengeor trafillc is conoeaned. But it has bheen resoerved for, lie supremoe intel ligence offan industrious-although not bverworked local residmat-to carry the hiinciplles of this woniorful inven tion a step farthir. The partion?lars, so far as your corresponedat can ascot' tain, are not quite settled, tlhere being so many impllovoments vt to make, involving tihe the expendiuro of both tino and eonergy (lbut fortnately very little capital, so little in filat that .l10 will cover all; so that any sufliciently enthlusiastic speculattor hEs a grand opliortunity for the exhibiion of true philantrolphy by lending tlis insignifi cant sum, which will be returned, if possible, about August,) 1 nm not able to give your readers information as to the modlats operandi, this being so falr a secret, unt I will d mty best to. givo what I knew (not fron hear'say). One evetning latoly, at a meeting of stavtits, alln aunoutnceentieltt was smade that shook little 1edlinot'n to the conltre. It was this, that 1ysomie occult lo,'.' I'is i pigs' had ,pa'ed thlrough the post and telegraph oflkfii, and were to he soeen in the stueots, fUtl of life and grurting vigorously, none tulo vorso for their raplid and tIvsteridis transit. Upon imaking etnquiries 1 find that thlest pig aplpencredl to have baeo dropel)l)d proitiscnously abolt IbyV one of the local ltter' carriers, whv: npon heing interrogatedl (andtl thlroatedl with a Yule log), appeared to knomi nothing of the mlatter', ialhit the thaot minaitis, and as Barnumn would sty, "tlhee's tihe utn uand there's the Ii" ' Now, tultitudtinons anid iniscellardots as are tile various articles which ,ioss through post oflccs, ftr'om an i ord(liay elrfumtOed billet dolte to ai sausage miltino, and even rats and mnice have sucodedlu in ovadinig tihe ryiying and inquisitive lpties of an ordinary mortal like a pistmasstor, utt pigs B iTh !! Never h!!! They wotld be heardl, s~olt, felt, detected somtehow; and yet are have an autlnotio ca;se that liats thie Itelegralph Iollow, and with who rim to spare. One versioln tuf this wondorfl aflair was to the nfot that one person met the letter.oarrioe in the middle of the road andl asked for a letter, but received instead a well.fed porker weighingi 300 lbs. Another aslking the samequestion was told to go home first, and upon arrival in company with the postman, a pig with a family of little piggies suddenly emerged from that mysterious beg' usually carried by these much hal.p1.l ollicials. Then I heaed that the pigs were to ho seen naross the creek; in faut, it would appear that wherever the letter-oIrrier app-eared pigs would be in galore, My wonder is that one of the genus porci was not found poiambulating Pedlington in the Suise of a stir-.emnup or with a soarlet ouat ou. Hlowever, being of a very inoredillonS di)0po.Sition, your corres. pondent deotrmined te find out, if pos?ible, how this miracle was wrought, and ill dead of night paid a visit (in the spirit) to the laioratory of our inventive genius, when lo I and beohold here sat his Minj-I beg pardon here sat the genius, who looked the very pioturo of an alohemist, with the usual white flowing leard nnd mjiestio wand (in the shape of a walking stick). burroundod by all the paraphornaliat of hisproltesioi. The room was awfully dismal, iand folt as thouo'b intfested with spirits. In one corner / observed, on a long table, an iron liunel, some jair, which looiel very much like batteries, and a large mtial diso, with sundry other mnysterious, tin apparatus, all apparently in full working order, I began at once to cogitato, and at once identified the " Toleport' laboratory, and when leaving saw the glass-honseo; so felt convinced that our looal clever inventor hail improved upon the original and so ftr brought it to perfection. I could not, however, find the wires ; but there can be no doubt but that provisions have been nmade for proper tranmport. I had not been long in the toum before I overheard some of the process being explained. It was as near ia I could recollect thus : " Animal tissues are complosed of four olomentn--carbon, oygen, hydrogen, and iitrigen-aand althlough this is not uuivernal, as compounds are met with in animals which admit of their being atomised, yet it may be accepted in the general sense. Now I can, at will, either dissolve a body into its constituent gasses or resolve it into motlher dust or atoms ; and I can just as easily, by means of my mighty power, re-construot thie one or ro arranga the other. If I chose tlhe gaseous process, you see I raise a ghost." (Hero I looked round and began to olhattor and feeool timid, so much so that I would have oleared out only he didn't 'raise a ghost.') He pont on to say, ' If I adopt the other moethod merely cause the atoms to become Meparated for a while. Now pigs, you know, are of the same nature, and their ultimate atomicity has not been affeotel. The natural aggregation of the individual particles of albumen and fibrine--whioh are built up of the gases I've just named - occurring antecedent to and assisting ovolution from the protoplasm-the primitive basis of all organio tissues-then the amoba or protous, animalcule, and so on, thereby enabling the relationshipl existing prior to tho disintegration of the atoms to exert their natural aptitude, to re.asacemble and thus form \---igs." I hereo forgot where I was, anl irrecistably yelled out hear I hear i I then tried to fancy I was at a prayer meeting, but soon found out my mistake, for it was pandemonium--..suoh soreeching and groaning. I felt myself dragged out into the middle of the floor, whore I was bound. Then I felt that I was about to be aromised and transported-where I dare not think. I tried to call out, but miy tongue refuased to move. I was franti,; in tlacr, nearly madl, when I was awakened by hearing a sweet voio singing "Tom, Tom, the piper's snio, stole a pig, and away he ran"; aid found I lad had a nightmare through surfeiting on pork outlets, 