PRESBYTERIAN ANNUAL CELEBRA TION. A. id*WELaSG, attended by about 250 members and adherents of the Presbyterian Church, was held in the School of Arts on Toeaday evening, and after the eatables pro vided had been fully partaken of, those present assembled in the Presbyterian Church, where a public meeting, opened in the usual manner by the ainglag of a hymn and prayer, was held. The Rev. A. Hay, who occupied the chair, in opening the proceedings referred to the fact that the Church had been much enlarged since they last met, and the condition of affairs wonld be brought before them in a more definite manner by tbe speakers to follow. However, he must say that their meeting in a larger building than last year was grounds for congratulation and t.hanlrfplnfww. He was pleased to see so many members and adherents of tbe church present, and also from other de nominations, which was a matter for rejoicing, ae they came there to give an expression of the catholicity of their views and principles as members of the Christian Church. Presby terians merely claimed to be a section of file Church of Christ, and they could therefore aU rejoice at tbe prosperity of Christ e kingdom. He then called on Mr. A. Meikle, the session clerk, to read tbe annual report of the session* Mr. A. Meikle remarked it was quite an event to see two champions of their Church, the Rev. Colin M'Culloch and the Chairman, present. Anyone who had read the reports of tbe proceedings of the General Assembly in the past would hare seen those two giants, leaders of the church, 6ghting the battfes of the chnrcb. He alluded to the fact that it was well to have a strong opposition in the General Assemblies as well as in the House of Commons, and he was glad to notice that such had been the case in the former for Lome few years. Lately, however, they had got more se- Jed, and they ought to congratulate themselves on seeing the two great leaders of opposite parties sitting side by side and ad vocating the same cause for the benefit of the church at large, of which the Rev. Colin &*Culloch woild no doubt tell them some thing afterwards. He then read the follow ing :— ' The Session have a very encouraging state ment to lay before the congregation lor the ha'F-year which has just closed. It will be remembered that in tbe course of the year end'ng with the 31st March last, the names of 44 persons were added to the communion roll. The last six months have seen a larpe increase in the number of Presbyterians settling in the town and neighbourhood and of these a goodly proportion have already applied fur recoguition rs members of the Church. The accessions to tbe roll of com monttas amounts to 45. These have mostly been members oc congregations in the old country, who have brought their certificates of Church mcfnl*ership with them. But as a large number bave not yet given in their lines, who bave otherwise taken their places as members of tbe Church, and as our losses five or six, it will at once be understood that tbe increase in the congregation has been very consulerable. The Session wonld strongly urge all who have been communicants at borne to u-itply immediately to the minister, whether they have brought their certificates or not, and they w.iuld also express the earnest hope that those who hare been in fall membership at home, and have been in the babit of going to tbe Lord's table there, will not fai1 to take advantage of their privileges here, and thus identify themselves with the Church and cause nf our Lord Jeaus Christ, hy obeying his loviuj* commands, ** Do this in remem brance of me. '* A large number of young persons also who have been brought up in the Presbyterian Church at borne have lately come and settled ic our midst. These we hope to see coming forward into full communion ; and as the sacrament of the Lord's Supper falls to be observed amongst us next month, we trust that a large Dum ber will then be prepared to take their places at the table who bad not done eo at borne. The Session wonld very strongly and f affectionately urge npon the members of the Church, the duty of regular attendance on the public ordinances of religion ; specially i would they call the attention of those who ' bave lately arrived in the colony to the many J temptations to which they will be exposed ' to neglect the assembling of themselves ' together.' We trust that they have brought their like to the ordinances of God, and their , home, and that by their sober, righteous, and codJy lives, all grill nnite in adorning the i doctrine and strengthening the cauae of God our Saviour. Tbe Session would farther ' request the interest and co-operation of all ' the members of ths Chntjph, and especially of parents in the effort to bring up the young, not only in the knowledge of God and the love of the Lord Jesus Christ, but also in attachment to the Church of their fathers. To alL we would eay, lay hold of every young man and woman that belongB to our Church, and use voor influence to eo conrage them to attend divine ordinances, ' and take an active interest in everything that pertains to the cause of God and of the Presbyterian Church. We do not court the members of other churches ; we merely wish to gather together and retain those The Session sincerely hope that a Bpirit of attachment to the Presbyterian Church, and pride in its name and traditions, will animate every member of the congregation ; and that all will be united. Dot only by ties of a also by a common desire to eee our Church growing in numbers and in usefulness t-hrnnahnnt thf innH Aftor th*s amnl*» infar- ' ?nation that has been given to the members I of the Church, regarding the General As- ' sembly's resolution to endeavour to raise \ and getting them in this colony, it is uuneces- j eary for the Session to eay anything beyond ' what you have heard in commendation of it. ? The Session would, however, express a hope j that a result of the visit of the convener of the Home Mission Committee of our Church, ' the Rev. Colin M'Colloch. will be the recog nition of the j-laima of this wide district, with its large and scattered Presbyterian population, for tbe provision of that assis tance which is absolutely requisite to enable j the minuter to overtake the work, and to enable us to hold our own against efforts and influences that tend to draw away our Presby terian people from their own Church. The Session, are happy to say that the difficulties ' and discouragements that have been met with } in this connection in the past are not likely , to be met with in the future, the resolution ' of the Assembly furnishing a pledge that the ; outlying districts of the Church will no longer ! be overlooked or neglected. It must be known to tile members of the Church gene rally that the Mimgfcw has expressed a strong wish to obtain leave of absence to visit the old country. This matter h*x been brought before the Presbytery, the Session, and the Committee of Management, and all have given that efficient supply is provided for the pulpit during Mr. Hay's absence of seven months or thereby : and counting on this consent being given by all concerned, tbe General Assembly of our Chnrch has appointed him to represent it in the Synod and Assemblies of the home churches, and in the General Council of the Presbyterian Churches throughout the world to be held in Belfast in June of next year. The Session would therefore hope that Mr. Hay's request for leave of absence will be favourably considered by the congregation. The Session would call attention to tbe fact that the hymn book in use by the congregation will shortly ceas£ to be printed, as it has been superseded by a greatly enlarged and im proved collection of hymns drawn np for and adopted by the Presbyterian Church of Eng land, under the title of 'Church Praise.' TbeSessiros have resolved to adopt this new hymn book as the book of praise for this con gregation. The new book, however, will be introduced gradually, and it will be some weeks before the booksellers can have it for sale. The Session have to express their regret tbata professional appointment removed Mr. James Craig, who bad so lone and efficiently conducted the choir. He is here at present only temporarily, and the Session are still very anxious that Mr. Craig's place I should be filled by one qualified to carry on his work in connection with the leading of our Church song. We would close by con gratulating the congregation on the growing prosperity with which we have been blessed. This prosperity is th« gift of the Lord Jesus Christ, the only King and Head of the Church, and it has been bestowed that we may be a blessing to others, as well as enjoy the blessing ourselves.' The Chairman wished to add that the Sun day School was m a, very satisfactory com.li- I Hon. There were more names ou the roll than there had been for some years past, hut tbe average attendance was not quite «qoal to what it was last year. It was rathe difficult to account for. bat there were circum stances either satisfactory or unsatisfactoiy to which it could be attributed. No dou-.t children attended some Sunday School, bnt be hoped that parents connected with tbe chorch would use their utmost endeavours to see that their families were in attendance at their own scbooL There were others that competed with them, bat he must impress on them that they should allow no other denomination to come in the way of their prosperity. He then alluded to tbe change that would be made in the hymn books used by the school, and stated that efforts would be made to slide from one into the other without much inconvenience. The new editions were now in use in fingland, the printing of tbe old ones having been stopped, and in the coarse of a few months they would be introduced into the colonies. Mr. A. Bsn- read tbe following annual report of the Committee of Management : — MThe report which the Committee of Management has to lay before the congrega tion fur the last eix months is in most respects a very satisfactory one. The finance* of the congregation are in a healthy and encouraging condition. The enlargement of the Chorch at the beginning of this year provided a con siderable increase of accommodation, and this has borne its fruit in an increase of revenue. The collections for ordinary purposes for the half-year have amounted to £122 12s. 5d., while daring the same period there bas been collected for special purposes the sum of £30 17s. 7-i- making a total of £153 10s., and showing, in the collections as compared with the previous half-year, an increase of over £20. Last year the collections showed an increase over those of tbe year preceding of over £31 ; thus if our present growing rate of collection at public worship is maintained, of wbiuh there can be no doubt, we may look forward to an increase ou the whole year of over £40, or an increase on the last year and this together of over £70. It is to be regretted that in the case of tbe seat rents and stipend fund, we have a very unsatis factory report to render in regard to actual receipts. This, however, is not due to neglect of duty on the part of the menbers of the congregation, who are most prompt and punctual in the payment of tteir subscriptions, but to circumstances which have delayed the sending out of the notices of the subscriptions due for seat rents and stipend fund. The n amber of sittings now provided in the church and open to be let is about 320 ; of these about 2S0 are already let, but the late accessions to the membership may be expected immediately to take up the remainder. Indeed there is every probability thatatt will be necessary for us to provide accommodation for more than the Church is at present seated for. For the remaining current half year we may count on our fnll possible revenue for seat reuts. The following estimate of our in come for ordinary purposes at the end of March next may be presented to yoa : — Collections, £245 ; seat rents, £300 ; stipend fund, £120. The expeuditnre we have to provide for, taken from the expenditure of last year, cannot exceed £505. This estimate, which has been made with a due regard to possibilities, shows a probable surplus on the year of £160. There is, however, another side to this account ; last year's report showed a capital and interest earn of £39S lfe. still due on the church property. This Bum has been increased by tbe interest that has been accruing during the past eix months. Oar indebtedness then amounted to about £410. Towards the removal of this debt subscrip tions have been promised to tbe amount of £137, and there is reason to believe that before long we may be able to realise these promises and at the same time obtain the means of liquidating the remainder of tbe debt. The Committee would call the attention of this meeting to the large additions that have recently been made to tbe camber of members and adherents of the Church. Tbe number of these who have not become known to the Session or Committee as communicants or seat holders cannot be fewer than 100 persons. None of these are statedly subscribing to the church funds. They are no doubt contributing by giving into tbe collection plate on the Lord's Day, and the Committee feel assured that they only require the opportunity to be given to them to subscribe statedly along with their brethren. Were aU who claim to oe ad herents of this Church, and who look to the minister to visit them and render to them the other duties of his office to subscribe to the stipend fund, the revenue of the Church would be very largely increased and its me*'* of usefulness much enlarged. The Committee have therefore made arrangements for giving all the adherents of the Church who do not at present contribute statedly to the funds an op portunitv to do so, and they feel assured that tbe invitations -Brill be cordially responded to. Tbe Committee have only to add that they folly concur with the Session in acceding to Mr. Hay's request to be allowed sufficient leave of absence to enable him to visit tbe old country, and to recommend +Mb request to the favourable consideratioii of the congregation .** The Chairman, in moving tbe adoption of the report, e&id; it was quite satisfactory in every sense, and if the financial condition of the Church was one element of success it was a very good one. The congregation had every reason to be satisded with, the results of the past, and more so for the prospects in the future. He wonld simply move the adoption of the report without further remark, and called on Mr. W. Pattisoa, in accordance with a resolution of the Committee of Management, to second it. Mr. Patti^on said there was one matter he should refer to, and that was that when the question of Mr. Hay's leave of absence came on for discussion the Committee were not ^enUeman'a stipend shonld should eo ou while he waa away. He then undertook to lay the matter before tbe congregation, with a recotzHuendation from the Committee that their pastor should be allowed leave of absence to visit the old found for the pulpit, and that the congregation tico. defray the expenses. He contended that Mr. Hay was entitled to a holiday, and that without deducting one farthing from bis stipend. There was only one matter that the not collecting tbe subscriptions. It took a lot to make him blush, though be was, perhaps, the laziest member of the Committee. He alluded to the amount they would have to pay new ministers, which he held tbey were justified in doing, and stated he was very pleased to see the Rev. Colin M'CuUoch present. That gentleman and the Chairman might have taken dinVrent views on church matters, bat they were fighting for the one cause, and it was pleasant to see them there together. It was the first visit of Mr. M*Colloch to Rockhampton, bat he hoped it would not be the last. He had very great pleasnre in seconding the adoption of the The Chairman explained that he had great interests now in the old country. It was a well- known fact that one member of his family had gone theTe to live and pursue his stndiea for some yean, and be wished to Bee him fairly launched on the four or five years he had before him. Again, the partner of his life was in England, and he felt anxious to go home and bring her back. Besides that, the General Assembly had done him the honour of appointing him as their representa tive to several important assemblies. He did not feel at liberty to say a word more than to si (don.— There being no dissentients the motion was declared carried. Mr. Pattison- moved that Sir. Hay be granted leave of absence to visit the old country, and that he be allowed full stipend while he was away. Mr. Reid had much pleasure in seconding the motion, and in doing so remarked that it was only to be desired that the pastor Bhoald go away untrammelled in any way to enjoy bis holiday. He alluded to the Manse Fnnd always cropping up, and remarked that if members would put their shoulders to the Wheel that debt of £200 would soon be cleared off. — The motion was assented to. The Ch *msiAX returned lhankB to the congregation for the manner in which they had treated him in a few well chosen remarks, in the course of which he alluded to the unanimity which existed between himself and his flock, which, showed that his services had been appreciated. A collection was then made to defray the expenses ff the tea-meeting, after which The Chatrmaj.' remarked that some years ago he had inrited the Rev. Catia WCafloch \\\aA prevented him. from coming until now. There was one remark that had been made he would hare to allude to, and that was that Mr. M*Calloch and himBelf were old foes. Be disavowed that such had been the case ; they bad merely held different views on church matters. There had been two parties in tie General Assembly, Mr. M*CnUoch being the leader of one, and himself appa rently of the other. True it was that they bad been pitted against each other in arguments, bat he was not aware that they were enemie of franh other. As long as there were men. on the face of the earth they would differ. He then alluded in highly eulogistic terms of their visitor, remarking that he was the ablest minister they had in the colony, and ex pressed % hope that bis success in connection with the work he wjb engaged in wooJd be as marked in Bockhampton as elsewhere. He then introduced Mr. M'Culloch to the meeting, and called on him to address them. The Rev. Cous M*CuiiocH, who was greeted with a storm of applause, said that he felt overpowered at the manner in which he had been received. He was filled with con flicting emotions, bnt he was happy to see so many present, and it therefore gave him un bounded satisfaction to be there with them to frntr** part in their services. He had to con gratulate fJigm on the success of their meeting, and on the prosperity shown in every depart ment of church work. It was, indeed, an example to other congregations throughout between the pastor and his flock, such as there was in the Presbyterian Church at HockhamptoOf they would always be willing to give the former a well-earned holiday. Passing on to the statement that Mr. Hay and himself were old enemies he cordially endorsed all the former had said. They had held dif ferent opinions, and fought battle after battle fairly end honourably for the principles they held, and he bad never suspected the Chairman of having any Belfieh or personal feeling towards him, but when Presbyterians diiJered they could give hard blows. They had had a fair stand-up fight, and that was what every honest Presbyterian would find no fault with them for. If there had been enmity between them they would have injured the cause that was dearer to them than life itself. He was very much gratified at being present to witness the honours heaped upon the head of his 'old foe,' which he rejoiced in as much as if he had been, the recipient himself. He stood before them with fear and tremb ling, there being two grounds of impeachment laid against him by the ladies. One waa that he was long-winded and preached too long eermona, which they did not seem to like in Bockhampton, and be was not likely to do it again. The second waa that at the close of the sermon he acted rather the part of the beggar. He had no anxiety to hold each a reputation, and to clear himself from it he most say that of the fond of £1000, which the General Assembly expected them to get from the Presbyterians of the colony, he had the pleasure of giving his qnota. Bat now that he found the ladies against fiirn he was in a very extraordinary position ; he must not be too long. Ah t the cunning of the lxdiea, whose faces he had looked at on Sunday, -when they had the expression of 'Too long,' and their husbands were afraid to differ from them. First they cat off his liberty of speech, and then they told him he must not talk of money matters. He had come to Rockhampton for the purpose of collecting money for the great fund started by the General Assembly, bat be must say the surprise he felt was great when, instead of the handsome contribution he had expected, be h*d found £4 and £3 in the plate. He had anticipated £100 from each a large and influential body as the Presbyterians in Rock hampton. However, Mr. Hay said — ''Leave it to as ; leave it to oar people, and they will not be behind utbera in tbeir contribution to the fund.' He had no other remedy but to do that, and waa sure they would easily accomplish the collection of £100. He would say no mote on that point, but inform tnem as to what would be done with the £1000 when they got it. If £100 was subscribed ia Rackhampton, he saw his way to £600 already. What was to be done with it 1 Why, they wanted men from the old country full of the Holy Ghost and faith, men who would toil for the glory and lore of God. He had received letters here as clergy asking if the congregation here would guarantee a stipend ; was the climate healthy ; and was there much travelling on horseback, or else they would not come ; did the people here furnish a horse ; did they provide a manse ; and did they pay for a horse and horse- feed. When he had to read such letters as that the Com mittee wo a Id jump up from their seats and declare that such men as those would be no nse in this colony. There were some, how ever, who came out 'here from good motives and went far up into the bosh, but they were unable to lire and had to go either back from whence they came, or to the eonthern and mure favoured colonies, and spread reports as to matters in Queensland, such as did not make the reputation of the colony stand very high. It was therefore evident some remedy must be found, and that tbere should be men brought oat who would devote them selves to the great cause of the Saviour, and labour among the white heathens such as others did among the black heathens. The former, which were very numerous, especially in Brisbane, were the moBt impracticable persons ever known, and it re quired men of superior talent and intellect to work among them with any measure of sac cess. A. great many of the infidels had dropped from their ranks, and they well knew that the worst infidels, the most clever, dangerous, and most inveterate ones were Presbyterians from Scotland and the north of Ireland, from the former place especially he feared. The rev. gentleman then entered into an explanation of the reasons for this, and stated that to counteract their influence and convert them to Christ, men must be brought out here who were properly trained for the task that was set before them. He then alluded to the fact that Presbyterians were to be found in Primitive Methodist, VTes leyan, and Congregational Chorcfaes. There was no harm it that, but in those churches they would take a tailor who bad the gift of gab from his board, and with a white choker about his neck, and eet him up as a preacher. How they would fire away. talk for hours together, moving their hands and bodies to and fro. But let an attempt be made to introduce a tailor or other person into the ranks of the Presbyterian Church and there would be an outcry at once. The men he had alluded to would talk away by the hour, and people would eay ' Oh, he is a good man. ' '* Bat what did be ssy, ' another would ask, to which an answer was made ** Oh, nothing* but he is a good man.' In the Presbyterian Church, there was nothing of that ; their ministers were composed of men who were taught by the great masters the truths of the Gospel and tie principle of their religion, and who were leaders of public opinion. There was no public opinion here, he was sorry to say, each as in the old country, to support men in doing the work of the Lord, What could be expected when in the high places of the colony they found men saying if it was lawful to do a thing every day in the week it was lawful to do it on Sunday. But the foarthoommandmentwaBintheway. Then another man advised them to spend their Sabbath in schnapper-Sahing ; the best nse, they said, that could be made of the day. In Scotland aaciua thing would not be allowed for a moment, us there would be an indigna tion storm heard from every corner of the land. But this colony there were weak-kneed Christians who would not stand up to fight for the Gospel. Men must be brought here who would make public opinion, and would look after the interests of all. He then in stanced the manner in which inferior races were imposed upon by merchants and others, and stated that if a man was to go into a place in Queen-street and f^Ar if & cm*'*! ftun nicely got up was a good one, he would re ceive a reply in the affirmative, but if he said ' WHl you sell it to me,' the person in charge would reply, ' Oh, no ; it is only for Kanakas ; burst first time it is used.' When the £1000 was raised men could be brought oat here, and a stipend guaranteed them, and the result would be that a large body of good and earnest workers would be distributed over the land. If a minister waa enable to obtain employment at home on account of his inability, and applied for a position in Queensland be should certainly reject him, as men of more thfn usual enterprise were required for this colony, and those that were unfit for work at home were decidedly unfit for labour here, as they would not succeed. Another reason why men fitted for the work would not come out here was because no provision was made for their reception on arrival, and they were sent to places where they were unable to obtain a living. La fact a great many good men had been lost in that way, and people frequently went over to other churches because the minis ters of their own denomination had gone away. They then became bout, and went over to the enemy. There was. no church in the world like the Presbyterian. Some of their friends over the way were indignant and said they were the oldest body, bat Christianity was in the world 600 years before that body assumed the form it did now. Presbyterianism began with Jesus Christ, and he was sure that if they looked over the history of their country and of the martyrs slain they would not be asbamed ot their religion. He could name some churches that did not raise men at alL When he gazed at the robes those ministers dressed themselves in* and at the adornments they wore, he could Dot but exclaim 'Poor old women.' The Presbyterians had, how ever, raised men who could fight the battles of Christ. Woo was it bat the Presbyterians who had rallied round the throne of Queen Victoria, the most glorious Queen they had ever seen. {Applause.) The rev. gentleman next alluded to the fear that was felt at home th?t if the Channel faiwy l vas Tp**fo 'Rpp^^p*^ would be invaded by foreign armies. There was no such fear, as the men who had been the defenders of 4he great British Empire would rise up and hurl the invaders back from whence they came. He referred to the depar ture of the Rev. A- Hay for the old country, and thanked them for the kindly reception he bad received as representative of the Supreme Court of the Church. He would say no more on the matter bat leave it to their own sense of doty, and to the dictates of their heart ; and resumed his seat amid much applause. The Rev. P. M'Qceen then shortly ad dressed the meeting io an earnest and felici tous manner on the duties which the members of the congregation owed to the Church and to one another; after which tho Rev. A Hat intimated that he purposed starting for the old country about the middle of February, and re turning to Kockoamptoa in time for next anniversary, about the beginning of October of nert year. The meeting was closed with the usual votes -jf thanks. 