SPOIRTING NOTES, (Br SE?oNHOE.) To-morrow the Winter Meeting of the Sale Turf Olnb will take place. The general entries, unfortunately, are very poor, and it is very unlikely that there will be a large number of visitors from Melbourne. However, the acceptanoes for the Winter Handicap and Wattle Steeplechase are very good, and this may prove sufficiently enticing to draw a fair number of members of the ring. Should the weather be at all favourable there will no doubt be a largo attendance from all round Gippaland, and the racing for the handicap and steeplechase should well roe pay them for their visit. The Handicap Hurdle Race is the first item on the pro gramme, and the places should be filled as follows :--liller, 1; Devilshoof, 2; Tattler, 3. For the Winter Handicap there will be about ten starters, and, from the quality of those engaged, it is dillicult to select the winner. The two top weights, The Ghost and Transferred, are the property Mir Veuokes, and the better of the two will be very close up at the finish. Al. lander will need to have improved a great deal to lower the colors of either of the two above him. Taper is the mare that won the Maiden Plato at the last meeting of the club, but as Mr Pearson has two others engaged, I fancy that one of the liglht weights will prove his beat. Phantomn is a horse that performed very well a few seasons back, and as it is not known in what form he is now he must be lot alone. Iron Hand is another of Mr Pearson's, of whom re. port speaks very favourably, but front what I hear I am inclined to believe that he is not quite pink just now. Westbury has done nothmng for some time, but as he is a certain starter, and in rare form, lie will be oery hard to beat. Tantaliser is supposed by many to have been thrown in, but in such company his chance cannot he a very rosy one. Forlorn is a very leinently treated animal and if a starter should inish in a place. MrInmaluke is over matched. Quality another of Mr Pear. son's is one of the most leniently treated horses in the race, and will probably prove the best of the Gippalansders. Nor. folk and Yellow Hammer I do not like. To conclude I like the chances of West bury, Transferred, Quality, Forlorn, Taper, and place them : Pearson's best ... ... 1 Forlorn ... ... ... 2 Transferred ...... ... 3 The Wattle Steeplechaseo should result as follows : Shamrock ... ... ... 1 Coomete .. ... ... 2 Gold Top ... ... ... 3 Speculator may upset the above, but judging from his running in the Maiden Steeplechase at the V.1.0. meeting, I do not think he can do so. Tihe selling races will evince but little interest, and I would advise backers to be careful how they meddle with such events. The Hon. Wm. Pearson's b f Quality has improperly nominated for the Sale Handi. cap, having been entered as a three-year. old, whereas, at the time of entry she was a two.year-old. Quality to.day becomes a thro-year.old, but entries were made last month, hence the mistake. Under the, new V.1.OC. rules a mistake of this kind may be rectified on payment of two guineas fine, and if this is paid in time, a deal of annoyance to the public will be prevented. However, should the mare be disqualified for this mistake, all bets will be off in connection with her. MAr E. Camoron's Mlamaluke has been scratched for the Belling Hurdle Race and Solling Flat Race. 