KINGSTON. (FROM OUB OWN COERESPONBENT.) July 8. The Council election has passed over without much excitement, with the re sult that two of the old members have been re-elected, the third would also, no doubt, had been returned liad he not ex pressed a wish to retire. Of course, there is the usual amount of disappoint ment expressed by the unsuccessful can didates for Council honors, more es pecially by two or three who never had a ghost of a chance, others again would have been a credit to any council, and it is to be hoped that when another vacancy oc curs we may see their names again on the voting papers. No action has, 1 believe, been taken with regard to the protest lodged against the legality of the nominations. From a return of the traffic on the Kingston and Border Town rail w ay j for the year ending 30th June, it will 1 be seen that the total increase of receiptB from all sources over that of the preceding year, amounts to IA,64Z 9s 4d, not a bad sum considering that the . passenger fares have been reduced some 50 per cent. The number of passengers ! has risen from 10,815 in 1882 to 15,832, an increare of 5,017 ; increase of receipts ; L72 18s 9d. Owing to the early rains and the consequent bad state of the ro»ds the traffic on the line for the month of June shows a decrease compared -with June 1882 ; another reason for this may be found in the low price of wheat, which has discouraged shipment. The imports, too have been extremely low for some time, which is fully accounted for by the wretched state of the roads and consequent high price of cartage, detering store keepers and others from ordering more goods than are absolutely required for the present consumption. The flood-water is now coming down in such vast quantities that the Maria Creek is quite unable to carry it off, and the suburban townships of Queenstown. and Rosetown are turned into islands, and exceedingly damp ones they are; even the main Adelaide road is being washed away, and I belieVe it if intended to pe tition the Road Board to construct a culvert south of the Bridge and to raise the road. The steamer Coorong is expected to re Bume her trade in the South-East this week. 