MADGE. \ CHAPTER XLVH (CONTINUED). t ' She is happy,' said Lady Yilliars, ' that is the secret of it all. I wish I could see you as happy, darling. Tell me, as one woman to another, have, you ever thought of the marquis, ever met him before you came to England with me ? Somehow I think Mrs. Chippingdale knew your secret, for she asked me to be very patient and kind to vou, because vou had suffered : and sometimes, especially when yoiv are near \- him, I have seen a look of pain in your face. Remember, I have taken her place, and should be treated with some amount of confidence. Your complaint is of the mind, of that I am assured. Let me be your physician, Madge ; get away from here, the place is killing you by inches.' ' Dear Georgy, I shall certainly scold you,' said Madge with an assumption of gaiety she was far from feeling. ' I declare you watch my every look, and I am denied the pleasure of feeling unhappy at times. I am all right, dear, and only want to be allowed to feel sad if I like. I enjoy life all ? the more because it is made up of joy and sorrow; and really you wish to make a mountain out of a mole-hill. I have felt pain when near the marquis because with a woman's powers of perception I could see that he was throwing away a love that was his in vain pursuit of one that had passed away into the dreary darkuess of a land of phantoms. Come, Georgy, you need not fear I am unhappy on his account ; even if I loved him I would be too proud to sup plant another woman, especially dear Alice.' - But when she was alone she would mourn over the sad necessity there was \- of meeting him every day, hearing his voice, and yet not daring to tell him that she had come back once more into his life. ' I am weary of this constant battling with self ! ' she murmured. ' I feel like a tired soldier who wishes for peace and rest. 'Why should I linger longer on ? There is work for me to do in the world, .sorrows to heal, broken hearts to bind up, instead of » mingling only with a crowd' of pleasure ww._. seekers who live for themselves.' Her communings ran daily thus, and she cast about her for some plan by which once more she might gain her freedom. Alice got somewhat stronger, and the wedding was to take place after all, but how could Madge remain and laugh and be gay, and partake of food that would choke ner, or pledge the happy pair in sparkling wine ? It was asking too much of her, and the strain would perchance either kill S; or drive her mad, and what a pitiful spectacle she would present when her secret became known to the world, and people would talk of her as of one who, having the prize within her reach, allowed another to snatch it away from her, while she crept away into obscurity to mourn and die like a t stricken deer. At last came an event which was to shape her course of action, and it happened in this wise : she had fallen asleep in the recess at one end of the drawing-room, and was hidden by a curtain from view. Presently her rest was disturbed by the ;!? sound of voices, anu starting into watchful ness she heard Ladv Yilliars say : 'I was not aware that you knew my cousin, the late Mrs. Chippingdale, your grace.' ' Oh yes, it was at her house that my son ^ was nursed back to life after his severe acci dent. And you tell me she is dead ? ' ' Yes, some years ago.' ''What, then, became of the girl she be friended — I mean Madge Christmas ? ' ' I do not know ; I never met such a j person at her house. What was she like ? ' ' Oh, it would be impossible to describe her after such a lapse of time. She was fair, and like the ordinary type of girls of her class. 1 suppose Mrs. Chippingdale found her out and sent her back into ser vice.' ' Then she was only a person in humble life, your grace ? My cousin was rather eccentric, and her great hobby was to be kind to the poor and to dumb animals ; but perhaps Miss Astbury could tell you more than I about her mother's protegees ? The family name was changed at her brother's request, who, when he died, left lier his immense fortune which Miss Astbury now ' enjoys.' ' ft Then. Miss Astbury is her daughter ? ' . ' Yes^ I-khew she had a child, but owing to family-differences we never met until slie senfe'for me and gave the young lady into . oiiiy 'care just' before she 'died.' It would be interesting^^ the little mystery, : would it not ? ' ' No, I would rather Miss Astbury was not troubled with it, nor do I wish the girl to cross my path, nor that of my son again ; she was a bold designing hussy, and would ruin the peace of any household. Come, we will now. visit Alice and take tea with \- her!' ' The ladies withdrew, and Madge came out of her place of concealment in a white heat with passion to think that her character should, after so many years had elapsed, be still traduced^ in this cruel way. ' Will they never let me rest ? ' she exclaimed passionately ; ' is the ghost of my past to be constantly raised by some thoughtless remark? Now it is Georgy, my best friend, who is put on the track by the duchess, who is as vindictive against me as ever, and yet she likes me as Madge Astbury. I shall have no more of this, but will seek peace in retirement. Let others fight and strive for prizes in high life ; I .jj am sick of it, and Stanham will never see me again.' The spacious room seemed too small for her to breathe in, too stifling, although the windows were open, and a soft breeze blew through, and she hurried out into the grounds, wishing to escape from her own thoughts, and when the voice of the man who loved her fell upon her ears she turned like a hunted stag and faced him with a look of stern defiance on her lovely face. ' Madge, what ails you ? ' he asked gently ; ' you are strange even to me lately. Have I offended you ? ' No answer ; she simply stood and looked at him, wondering how it was that he could love a hunted creature like her, and one whose very, father had not appeared on the .scene of her life until she had reached the very topmost rung on the ladder of worldly success. \ /ng to take her hand which she drew away with a sharp decisive gesture. ' Are you too among my persecutors ? ' she asked, wildly ; ' why do you not let me alone'? T want rest — rest and peace, and you mock me with words of tbve that I can. never, never reciprocate. What has love ever done for ine but to work my undoing ? I tell you, pririjbe, here, standing face to face under the v$ult of heaven in God's sunshine, that I can never be your wife ! ' ' Madge, you are over-excited and want rest ; leave here, and you will see things in a different light. You are tortured because you are always near him.' 'Ah, so you have guessed my secret — you know that Percy, Marquis of Stangate, is the man who holds my heart ? ' ' Forgive me, Madge, I did not mean to pain you ; I did guess your secret, only half of which you told me ; but I still love you dearly. Do not be angry with me.' ' I am angry with myself, and deserve to suffer as I do. Fool that I was to rest on my own strength ! Go, leave me, think of me no more, except as a friend who wishes you every happiness. With me you could never, be happy, for, like another Wandering Jew, I bring nothing but sadness into every home that welcomes me.' The fever was in her brain again, and flashed from her eyes, and her face was harsh and stern, even to this gentle loving man whose only wish was to comfort and protect her. ' Nay, dear Madge, I will not listen to my dismissal from your lips to-day ; you are not well, not your own sweet self. Let me send for a physician ; you require care and attention ; come, dear, be advised by me, and return to the house at once ; ' and he placed his hand on her arm, but she shook it off, saying : ' I want no advice, my mind is made up. You may think me mad, and perhaps I am, but I tell you that I shall not be your wife ; I have too much respect for you, too much pity, to allow you to sacrifice your life for my sake ; you deserve a better fate. Forgive me, dear friend, and let us both forget that words of love ever passed be tween us. Take my hand, it is stainless, and has never yet wronged any human being, nor shall it begin with you. I would rather it were cut off at the wrist than it should be placed in yours as a wife's. Believe me, the day will come when you will thank me for being brave enough to refuse the honour you wish to confer upon me.' She had clasped his hand now, and was looking at him, as with averted face he strove not to let her see how utterly her words had crushed him, or the tears that glistened, in his eyes because she had told him that there was no hope of her becoming his wife. ' Madge,' he said at last, ' you have spoken to me such words as I never thought to hear from your lips. I was willing to take you to my heart, to love and cherish' you; but you say it cannot be. Qh, my darling, think of what you are^cioiri'g ; is it wise to throw yourself back upon the past, knowing that the man who ought to be all the world to you can be nothing, not so much even as I ? Pause, take time, con sider, I imploi*e^you ; it is not too late to unsay your words ; will you not, Madge, for the sake of thi. great love which I bear you ? ' V His words touclied-iier, and she half relented. But looking up-,, she saw the duchess standing on the terrace^ talking to Lady Yilliars, and her heated imagination told her that she, the poor despised Madge Christmas, was still the theme of their coii-V: versation, and almost fiercely she said, ' I can never be your wife,' and then almost flew from his side to seek solitude amid the trees, and air, and sunshine. chapter xlviii. But there was no rest for Madge any where, and her very soul seemed to rebel against life and its surroundings, and like an imprisoned bird it fluttered against the bars of its earthly cage, wishing to be free and to join those who had already gone before— her mother aud dear Mrs. Chip pingdale. ' Oh, if you could only speak to me, you angels of mercy, I would be content and live on, but I never hear so sweet a voice as one from Heaven ; none but human voices speak to me, and they taunt and mock me. Oh, that I were dead and lying beside my mother ! What has wealth and beauty ? done for me ? Nothing. And now Percy is lost to me too, he can. never be mine ; in one short month Alice will be his wife. Oh, God, it is cruel! But give me strength to drag on my human existence until Thou shalt snap the chain and give freedom to the poor slave. Help me to do good, that when my head is laid low in the dust, there may be some to murmur a blessing on my memory, aud to pray for me— even me, oh, my Father.' She wandered on, unmindful of the direc tion she was taking, and at last found her self near the wicket-gate leading into the old churchyard, where the mighty dead lay resting peacefully, awaiting the last trump of the resurrection angel. If the dead could only know what the living suffer, and if the bonds of sympathy and love which bound them together in life are still unbroken, how the wail of many a broken heart must awaken echoes in that far- off sphere, and those whose piisdeeds while on earth contributed to such anguish, must suffer the torments of the lost', wailing ever because they are unable to undo the misery they have caused. Madge opened the gate and walked to her mother's grave and threw herself ppon it and sobbed as if her heart were break ing ; then rising, she wound her white arms around the little marble cross — that emblem of a Christian's hope — and prayed fervently for peace and strength to battle against gloomy thoughts, to live on from day to day with hope in her heart and human sympathy that could feel for others .who perhaps were more desolate than she. She clung to that bit of inanimate marble, resting her cheek lovingly on its cold polished surface, and overhead the sun burst with one mighty effort through the gathering clouds and poured down a flood of light on her bowed head, as if Heaven had sent its messenger to comfort and bid her have hope, telling her, as it has many a weary soul, that it is ever darkest before the dawn. Meaij^tM^ Pietre was looking' for her nT haYing^gceiyed a tele gram from Ellen Squires, stating that Grabbington had been taken very ill, and wished to see Madge before he died. And the faithful fellow found her in that lonely position at her mother's grave, and wondered why it was she knelt there with uncovered head, her dark hair falling in rich abandon down her shoulders, until it rested among the flowers that love had placed there. ' Madge,' he said softly, ' it is I — Pietre. Are you ill ? Speak to me. See, there is a message for you from London. Mr. Grab bington is ill and wishes to see vou.' She rose and smiled sweetly upon the hunchback, and said — j ' I am sorry he is ill, Pietre ; I will go to him, because he is my father.' ' Your father ! ' said Pietre incredu lously. ' Yes, my poor father ; I am hnmble enough now, you see, Pietre. The great Miss Astbury is only a poor man's daughter. And this is ray mother's grave ; see, it is nameless even. Can any human being be ? more lowly than I? 0, Pietre, my pride has been punished.' 'Poor darling, poor darling!' he mur mured, ' how my heart aches for you ; but take courage, you may yet find true happi ness when you least expect it ; remember that the same Providence which has cast you down can raise you up again, just as it does the flowers which the storm has crushed, and that you were saved from great dangers and perils, and given bless ings without stint. And if that man is your father, what then ? You need not feel any shame, he was a gentleman by birth, as he is by education, and is not the first man who has failed to keep his position. Come, Madge, you must be brave ; face danger, and it is more than half over come.' ' Dear, kind Pietre, you have taught me to look hopefully at things, and I thank you, but, oh, I cannot help feeling sad for Percy's sake. I would save him even now, but dare not ; it would kill her, and her death would lie at my door. Come, I am ready, and you must manage to see me to the station. I will not return to Stanham, but will go back into humble life, for I was never intended for anything else. ^ 'You are too easily cast down, Madge,' he said as he walked at her side, ' you were never meant to be poor ; no, it would be flying iu the face of Providence if you re fused the gifts that it has showered upon you. Why have you made yourself accom plished if you did not wish to shinie in society ? Besides, you owe a solemn duty to the woman who in dying left you her riches, and bestowed upon you her name. Sorrow makes us all selfish. My'sister, ^1 was like it when you fled from St. John s Wood, but now I see that the path of duty is the best and only antidote for unhap piness. You will be brave, will you not, ,Mdge?' r ' Yes ; I had forgotten that I accepted a trust from one who was a very mother to me ; it would be cowardly of me to shrink from doing my duty. Pietre, you are in deed a wise counsellor now as you were in the past, but I do not wish others to know what I have told you, at least not yet.' ' Why should is 110 business of theirs. Keep your oWu counsel, ana. Wat. only those you haf^-iested.' ft You are right, I will ; be ready in an hour's time, and meet me on the road to the station.' ' Rely upon my doing as you wish, Madge. I live only to serve you ; and perhaps when he is married you will let me ,be near you always ; it would be such a cbhafort to me, and perhaps to you.' She pressed his hand, and raising it to her lips kissed it in token of her gratitude, leaving him with bewildering joy on his face and in his heart, and he kissed the spot where her lips had rested again and again, murmuring : ' She does not despise my love, because she knows it is pure and hallowed, and not like his, that burns and destroys. Oh, Heaven, have mercy upon her and give her all her heart's desire, foi* Thou knowest her sufferings, and how she loves him.' Madge grew calmer as she made the few preparations for her journey, and writing a note to the duchess excusing her absence and another to Lady Yilliars, she left Stanl/am^and was soon on her way to London, actuated by a high sense of duty towards one who as yet had only touched the solitary chord of pity in her young heart. CHAPTER XLIX. Once again did Madge flee from Percy's presence, just as she had years ago, when, loving him to madness, she could not listen to love's pleading that meant danger to her honour. And as the train sped on, working and throbbing and forging ahead, she lay back on the soft cushions, but not to rest, for memory, that link between the past and present, was busy at work, bringing before her mind's eye every detail of her strange and unhappy connection with the man she had given her heart to, and which even now clung to him with so much reckless love. Like another Hagar, she had left her Ishmael in the wilderness, not caring to see it die, or to hear its cries for love's food and drink, she in her obstinate pride and strength of will would not provide for it. At Stanham her love would have strangled her, because she could not bear, even though she loved Alice, to see Percy, whom she alone had first taught to love truly and honourably, united to another by 'an indis soluble tie which death alone could sever ; and not being able to conquer, she thought it better to flee from temptation, and to bury herself once more in obscurity, but not to fold her hands and lament idly over the death of hope, but to work in this world's vineyard in rescuing the poor from poverty and sin, and in soothing tlie sufferings of those who lay in the hospitals appealing to their fellow men for sympathy and succour. ' 0,- my love, my love 1 ' she murmured, as the tears dropped from her eyes like gentle rain, ' how can I leave you, how can I keep apart from you in the weary years that are before us ? And yet it must be so for both our sakes, or we maybe tempted to bring sin and dishonour upon our souls. You will not know the sacrifice I am making for your dear sake. I have said 'no.' to the prayer of as good and true a man as ever breathed, and have sent him away full of yearnings for my love,, which never. never can be his. Though I cannot possess you, I shall never be a traitor to love, and no other man shall call me by the sacred name of wife.' And whilst she was thus pouring out the anguish of her soul, at Stanham there were those who thought her mad, because of her strange and hasty flight. 'What do you think of it all, my dear Lady Yilliars ? ' the duchess asked, some what concerned at the contents of Madge's notice, which was very vague, and gave no clue to her intentions or movements. 'Is. Miss Astbury subject to aberration of mind ? ' 'No ; but even I cannot explain or defend her strange Conduct on this occasion. I fear you will have to kindly excuse my further stay, as I cannot rest until I have found her. And one thing I must say, even at the risk of giving offence : I am morally certain, your grace, that your son, the marquis, is in some way connected with Miss Astbury's sudden flight.' # j ' My son ! surely you must be mistaken. He has never dared to address words of love to her when he is on the point of marriage with Alice ! ' ' When, or how, or when spoken, I know not ; it may be that they have met before abroad ; but I have watched her, and know that the marquis was no stranger to her. At times I am inclined to think that Miss Astbury and Madge Christmas are one and the same, especially since you told me that Mrs. Chippingdale had taken her under her protection.' 'Good Heavens! how she has duped us all,' cried the duchess, as a glimmeriug of the truth seemed to dawn on her mind. ' How dare she enter my house as a guest, when she was once only my servant, taken from yonder union out of pure charity ? ' Your grace will please to remember that Miss Astbury is now a lady of wealth and undoubted position, and my ward. I see nothing wrong in what she has done, and I know that it was against her will she ever came to Stanham. Besides you and I may be wrong in our supposition.' 'Here comes Lady Mosely who knew Madge Christmas ; she will be able to tell us whether our suspicions are correct, ' said the duchess ; ' if so I shall never look over her offence. She was always a daring for ward girl, and dangerous in the extreme. ' I will defend her, your grace, against unjust suspicions,' said Lady Yilliars hotly ; ' she is no designing creature.' ' You forget how she has caught the prince in her toils, she whose parentage is of the most ignoble type,' said the duchess \- scornfully. ' Miss Astbury has given up the prince, and refused to become his wife. Does that look like the work of a designing person, your grace ? ' Lady Mosely entered at this juncture, and having overheard a portion of the conversa tion which she gathered related to Madge, at once said : ' Ladies, I beg that you will not discuss my absent and dearest friend, Miss Ast bury. I have heard of her leaving, but am sure that her motive for doing so is right and proper ; she is the soul of honour.' ' There, your grace,' said Lady Viliiars triumphantly ; ' surely two persons cannot be wrong.' i ' Clara,' said the duchess, ' I am sifr prised that you did not put me on my |uard against an adventuress whose conduct -years ago gave rise to much scandal and unhappi ness to my poor Percy. You know who Miss Astbury really is ? ' ' I do ; but I see nothing to blame in her conduct ; she has a perfect right to change her name and appear in society. I only discovered her secret a few days ago. And now, your grace, having admitted this, although I promised to keep the matter safe in my breast, I wish to know whether you can condemn her when the cause of all the mischief lies with your own son ? Have you no pity for the girl he tried to ruin ? no compassion that, loving him, she had sacri ficed her whole life to a sense of duty, and refused his hand even as Miss Astbury ? ' ' What do you tell me, Clara ? ' the duchess almost gasped. 'I will bring Percy here to confront you ; he would not be so base, so lost to all sense of duty and honour as you say he has.' ' Pardon me, your grace,' said Lady Yilliars, ' but if you are wise you will let the matter drop ; not that Miss Astbury has anything to fear ; society would defend her against the malice of even a score of duchesses.' And having delivered herself of this broadside Lady Villiars, with a sweeping curtsy, and a swift look of scorn, left the room, and immediately gave orders to pack and leave Stanham. ' Am I to be insulted in my own house ?' cried the duchess as the duke entered, but not appealing to him as much as to Lady Mosely. ' What is it, Claudine ? ' said the duke, looking from one to the other with a puzzled expression. ' Surely you do not refer to Miss Astbury ? I am sure she would never offer an insult to anyone, and has some good reason for going away so suddenly.' - ' It is about her I am incensed. Do you know who she is, Algernon ? ' said the duchess with lofty scorn. ' Yes — the loveliest girl in England, and a perfect lady.' ' Indeed ! Let me tell you that the so called Miss Astbury is Madge Christmas, and has had the audacity to accept my invi tation, knowing that she once held the posi tion of a servant at Stanham.' 'With your permission I will retire,' said Lady Mosely, who had no wish to stand by and hear her friend traduced. 'You will please remain, Clara,' said the duchess. ' I am not ashamed to speal^ my mind even in your presence.' 'Come, Claudine,' said the duke, 'you must not show such petulance. I remem ber the whole affair, and Percy was entirely to blame. And it gives me great pleasure to hear that Madge Christmas has been our guest ; she is. entitled to our respect and consideration, and in raising herself to our level only proves to me that she is a noble woman, servant or no servant. If Percy were free I should insist upon his making her reparation, and would gladly welcome her to Stanham as my daughter.' ' You ! ' the duchess almost screamed. ' Are you mad ? Has she also bewitched you, Algernon?' ' I have said what I mean, and that is all, Claudine,' he said . quietly ; ' and if Miss Astbury chooses to return, I must insist upon her being treated as an honoured welcome guest. Percy might do worse than wed so lovely, and accomplished a lady. And now you wili kindly excuse me, ladies, I have an engagement with the prince.' When he was gone the duchess turned on Lady Mosely, and said : ' This is all your doing, Clara ; you shielded the girl all through and even i denied that she was at St. John's Wood.' ' Yes, I own I was in the wrong, there, your grace, but there is such a thing as a heart, and I happened to possess one, and could not deliver the girl into your hands to be sent to a reformatory where the whole of her life would have been blasted. She has repaid me with her friendship, and I feel proud of it. It is impossible I can remain under your roof any longer after what has passed.' ' You are right,' the duchess said with a sneer. 'There is a matter concerning yourself which has reached my ears I refer to your secret marriage with one of your own servants. No wonder you defend her so warmly, Clara.' 'Yes, even there you are right. I married for love, and my husband is a gentleman both by birth and education, and no servant as you and others have supposed. I shall not trouble your hospitality any longer, your grace.' ' No, I should think not. Henceforth, we must be strangers,' said the duchess cuttingly. 'Your example, Clara, is dangerous to society. You cannot expect mothers to open their doors to you after the scandal you have created.' ' I shall survive even (hat, your grace. In the love of my husband and child I shall find ample compensation. The day may come when even you will be glad of the sympathy of even such a person as myself. Heaven does not always pay debts with money.' ' Insolent creature ! ' thought the duchess when her dear friend aud relative had left her ; ' to think that I was so blind as to open my doors to two such adven turesses. I shall be the laughing-stock of society, and that hussy, Madge Christmas, will, no doubt, boast of having been toasted by a royal prince in my house, when her proper place should have been the servants' 'hall. I shall go crazy with vexation ; but my triumph will come when Percy is married to Alice, and for ever safe from the . machinations of a girl of ignoble birth.' ' But even in the hour of her supposed triumph there was an invisible handwriting on the wall which would teach her the old, old lesson that ' Man proposes, and God disposes.' Somehow Madge's seemingly eccentric conduct had caused quite a commotion throughout the establishment, and had penetrated from the drawing-room to the servants' hall, where Mrs. Crouch was speaking her mind freely about Adams, whom she looked upon as a rival in Ruggles's affections. ' A very good thing, too, that Adams is going. I never liked her, or her mistress either. I wish she was a servant here, I'd teach her her place ; a nasty forward stuck up hussy with not a single good feature in her face.' This spiteful harangue was delivered to her niece, but was overhead by Ruggles, who happened to be near the pantry, and who at once came in and said indignantly : ' Come, Mrs. Crouch, draw it mild. Adams, as you style her, is to be my wife ; and as for her good looks, I'm satisfied, and that's everything. You wouldn't be a spinster if you could have had your way ; and even now you would like to take some one to church ; but it won't be Ruggles this time. I like grandmothers, but not to marry them.' ' 0, oh ! you, you ? ' 'All right, mother, don't mind me ; sharpen your tongue with a little of the vinegar that's in your face, for I can bear that better than hysterics. We'll send you some wedding-cake so don't fret, old lady ; keep your hair on, and I'll write to you.' 'You nasty Don Juan,' she cried with crooked fingers and eyes that blazed with anger ; ' you know you kissed me, you naughty, wicked man ! ' ' But it wasn't nice, old girl ; it tasted like musty oranges. I keep my kisses for sweet lips. Why don't you rub a little honey on yours, and put a little sweetness into that sour-crabbed heart of yours, then you might be passable to some ancient mariner that's lost an eye, an arm, and leg, &c.;, &c.;, in the service of his grateful country. Ta-ta ; I am sorry I cannot stay longer to enjoy your sweet society ; but I have to see Miss Adams off to London by the next train ; ' this as he took out his silk handkerchief and pretended to wipe his eyes, which were in danger of being scratched out by the enraged Crouch, who had never had her virgin affections so lacerated be fore. ' Oh that I could punish him ! ' she cried, when with a mocking laugh he vanished, leading a delicious aroma behind of wood- violet; 'I never liked any man until he came and kissed me, and now he calls me his grandmother, and mocks me, I that am only a little over forty, and still goodlooking and not a grey hair in my head. Oh man, man ! vain deceiver ! I wish you were all put into a sack and thrown into the sea, then we poor deluded girls would have peace, and our virgin hearts would cease to bump against our bosoms.' 'But, aunt,' said a voice at her elbow, ' I thought you were fifteen years older than mother, and she was forty-five last birth day.' The imprudent damsel received such a box on the ears that she was fain to stagger to some place of concealment and there give vent to her tears, lamenting the fact of Ruggles's approaching departure, he having quite ' mashed ' her young heart. (To be continued.) Under the head of the New Crime the Cincinnati News calls attention to a serious accusation made against the city clerk of Lexington, who has been charged with 'allowing himself to be interviewed.' The case was proved against him, and he has been severely censured in the town council. The interviewer, too, has been harshly dealt with, for he is. described in the report of the transaction as 'a man whose bursting brain had forced the top; of his head through his hair.' . r 