LITERARY CURIOSITY. The following lines (taken from an old number of the Irish Time*), constructed'from Bible texts, have merit as a'pbemj apart from the ingenuity shown by the compiler :— Cling to the Mighty One, Cling in thy grief ? Cling to the Holy One, Be gives relief. Cling to the Gracleus One, Cling in thy pain; Cling to the Faithfnl One, He will sustain. Cling to the Living One, Cling in thy woe: Cling to the Living One, Through all bclo\r. Cling to the Pardoning One, He spcaketh peace; Fa. lxxxix., 19. Heb. xli., 11. Heb. vii, 11. Pa. cxvi., 6. Ps. cxvi., e. Ps. lv., 4. I Tliess. v., 25. Ps. ir„ 24. Heb. vlL, 25. Ps. Ixxxvi., 7. 1 John iv., 10. Itoiu. vii., 38, 3D. John xlv., 27. John xiv., 23. Exod. XT., 25. Cling to the Healing One, Anguish Khali cease; Cling to the Bleeding One, Cling to Kin side,- Cling to the Risen One, In Him abide; Cling to the Coming One, Hope shall arise; Cling to the Reigning One, Joy lights thine eyes. Ps. cxvli., 2. 1 John 1L, 27. John xx., 27. Rom. YI., !). John xv., 4. Rev. xxil., 20. Titus 11., 18. rs.xvi„ 11. l's. xcvi., 1, A WOMAN ALONE IN THE HOUSE. When the house is all alone by itself, inexperienced persons may believe that it behaves exactly as it docs when they are people in it, but that is a delusion, as you willdiscover if you arc ever left alone in it at midnight sitting up for the rest of the family; at tliis hour its true disposition will reveal itself. To catch itntitfi best pretend to retire, put out the gas or the lamp, and go upstairs. Afterwards come down softly, light npinoro than one lamp go into the empty parlor and seat yourself at a table with something to read. No sooner than you have done so you will hear a little chip, chip, chip, along the top of the room—a small sound but persistent. It is evidently the wall paper coming off, and you decide after some tribulation, that/if itdoes come off, you can't help it and go on withyour book. As you sit with your book in your hand you begin to be quite sure that some one iscomingdown stairs. Squeak—squeak—squeak 1 What folly I There is nobody up there to come down ; but there—no, it is on the kitchen stairs. Somebody is coming up. Squeak—snap! Well, if it is{a robber you might as well face him. You get the poker and stand with your back against the wall. Nobody comes up. Finally, you decide you are a goose, put the poker down, get a magazine, and try to read. There, that's the door. You heard the loek turn. They are coming home. You run to the back door, unlock and unbolt it, and peep out. Nobody there. But, as you linger, the door gives a click that makes you jump. By daylight neither lock nor stairs make any of these noises unless they are touched or trodden on. You go back to the parlor in a hurry, with a feeling that the next thing you know something may catch you by the back hair, and now try to remember where you left off. Now it is the table that snaps and cracks, as if all the spiritualist knocks were hidden in its mahogany. You do not lean on it heavily without this result,but E? fidgets you, and you take an easy chair and put he book on your knees. Your eyes wander up and down the page and you oow dreamy, when, apparently, the book case fires Sff a pistol. At least a loud, fierce crack comes from the heart of that piecie of furniture—so loud, so fearce, that you jump to your feet trembling. You caunot stand the parlor any more. You go up stairs. No sooner do you get there than it seems to you that somebody is walking on the roof. If the house is a detached one, and the thing is impossible, that makes it all the more mysterious Nothing ever moaned in the chimney before, but something moans now. There is a ghostly step in the bathroom. You find out afterwards it is the tip dripping, but you do not dare to look at that time. And it is evident there is something up the chimney—you would not like to ask what. If you have gas it bobs up and down in a phantom dance, If you have lamp it goes or.t in a blue explosion. If you have a candle a shroud plainly enwraps the wick and falls towards you. The blinds shake as it a hand clutched them; and, finally, a doleful cat begins t 0 moan in the cellar. You do not keep a cat, and this finishes you. You pretend to read no longer, and sitting with a towel over your heal and face, and hearing something below go "shew, shew, shew," like a little saw, you believe in the old ghost stories. Ten minutes later the bells ring ; the belated ones coiue home; the lights are lit; perhaps something must be got out to cut. People talk and tell where they have been, and ask if you aic lonesome. And not a stair cracks. No slop is heard on the roof: no click to the front door. Neither bookcase nor table cracks. The house lias on its company manners—only you have found out how it behaves when it is alone. 