ST. LEONARDS. (FPeoN AN Occe.sIONAL CORRESPONDENT.) The village wherein I live is prettily situated, quiet and peaceful. The noxious weed that Is as it were a cancer eating into the body of social life, " larrikinism" lhas not extended to it. The village and farmer boys have not forgotten that it is their duty to work for their daily bread, neither do they neglect the illustration of the old saying, "All work and no play makes Jack a dull ihy," but they exemplify the same by a rational enjoyment of our national games, the absence of profanity and the mild and almost excusable indulgence in thoe pipe of peace wetted by a beverage that would gladden the heart of any Good Templar. Sometimes frolic will have its way, and perhaps more noiailyand emphatically than is required ; the village polities or other matters may be dis cussedl at tie corner of oar streets, but the paternal, judicious, and kind warning of our tuperintendent in authority is ever effective, and received with a itharacteristic good will. We are not a big village. We have not even the inevitable local dloctor, neither have we anyone to drag our villagers into the octopus-like claws of chancery. But we have at village parson who arbitrates our little quarrels, administers to our spiritual wants, and by day or night, without thought of fee or reward, hIstens to relieve the ills to which flesh is heir. This being the fact you may fairly suppose, fMr. Editor, that what I am about to tell you ihas caused a great sensation. An old resident in the neighbour hood possesses a family vault, in which have been entombed for very many years his relations. Recently it had to be otpened to place therein one who had been the living pledge of his affection 35 years ago --his daughter. I cannot say what prompted him from my knowledge, not a sense of order, but apparently actuated by some such impulse, ihe personally re- arranged the cofita containing the remains of his relatives, and in doing so deemed it necessary to curtail the number thereof, and remove two. This he did in such a callous manner as to bhe apparently indifferent to the fact that lie did not properly re-distribute the remains of those who, I presume, were near and dear to him in other collins of more' capacity, hut pitched the two collins out of the vault so carelessly as to leave some of the bonsen of the departed on the outside of tile discarded coalins. The village children, with that curiosity natural to those of immature years, might have been seen for some days stealthily, as it wore, peering at the results of this desecration, and one (to my knowledge) little innocent heboy, excited to outdo his compeeors, was known to carry to his mother, with the idea of the samen being utilised in a domestic point of view, a handful of human -hair which was visibly clinging to the scalp of the one who owed her existence to the man who committed this nat of vandalisml. I am not a Churchman. I perhaps do not view all things connected with the burial ground In the' manner thatt Churchmen might consider orthodox, but I confess my own in feriority when I view the remnants of mor. tality, for thereby I- am.. told that -no matter how wise I may be there is one who is . stronger than. I am who tells mu Clhat niotality or immor. tality is dependeit on His'will.' Some may say it is a weak sentiment, hut I cannot help ex preseiog smy thorough appreciation ofr the words of the Poet Laureate in his; 'jIn momoriam," where lie says The fdols of liaibt, iweeetr' seems' . . To rest' beneath the 'loe'rje sobd, "' . Thattakes tlioe'snshine kiid the raids, Or whein the kneeling h'mlet drains ,Tlo chalice of the grapesoof God.:" To a( of. us fools of. habit or not, it must be distressing to hbe ,unwilling witpesses of an act so outrageoss as to be almost beyond belief sno barbranos' n tohb' an'unheard of ann'chlronism in tilis 19th century. Will it he beholieved in more' oivilised regions that in this village in open day a Isuman boiog-nay, rather.a ghost in humam form, drew, fortlh from their resting places the heds in which slept in.pence his relatives, with hihbown hands hi eke them open, asd having rifled them of their contents flung away the empty shells-the wonder and disgust of all hearers and, spectators. With his motives I have nothing to do. Be they what they may they can offer. no justiflcation for this outrage on dedehcy on religion, on publie health and well. holn?.' Blutmerabie dicta, Iam oredltnbahly in formedithat this is'not'the first occasion on00 wltieh a churchyard has been similarly deseo:aited bytthe 'same offender. Of a truth "Oustom Ies made it to hint a proplorty of easiness." eV looli"to,tlie olsrchwlsardenn of tlh prish, to -thd' "Synod,- to the church ad?vocate to preventt a repetition of this' disgeace' graceful conduct, and ,to free us from the reproach of living in a village where such acts are allowed to go unnoticed and unpunished, Not the villngers only, but. the wlhole eomtnu nity. the wholo eivilised' world,- demand that retribution at once overtake this def\ler of graves. ] 