A SILENT WITNESS. OUAPTER XVI. ON the day after Lucy Dormer's funeral, Grace proposed that they should start for Germany. You recollect," she said to her compaulon.with a faint smile, "all the plans we used to make about visiting Paris togetlief, and the hours we passed in dis ,hssing: them, long after the othorgirls were asleep; what visionary milliners' bills we ranuup; what theatres and operas we went to ; and whet; wholesale destruction we caused amongst the hearts of the young marquises and counts of whom our society was to be composed. And now what has beendu thie reality ? My experience of Paris is confined to a sick-room overlooking the courtyard of an hotel and to a certain portion of the Tuileries Gardens, where, like the prisoner of Chillon, I should think my con stantly pacing feeoot must have worn a path; 'I am wearing the mourning which was tnado for me atpoor uncle's death, and have not crossed the threshold of a single milli ner's shop; the young counts and mar quises are represented by Baptiste, the waiter, and Etienne, who brings up the wood; ;and the whole thing has turned out a mockery and a deluhision." "There's a chance for you now, dear," said Anne. " Your self-sacrifice is over so far as poor Luoy is concerned, and there is no reason why you should not see as much of Paris as you may wish. Madame Bay ardo, the landlady, would not as your chlnperon." " And what would you do ? " asked Grace. " I would remain here, making prepara tions for our departure." " You would not come with me to join in all the festivities ? " asked Grace. " 0 no I " replied Anne, quickly, with a look of terror in her face ; "I must not be soon hero or anywhere in public. Of course, in the quietude of Bonn it would not matter, but here in Paris there might bo-some people who would rooognise me, and that would be destruction." Grace looked curiously at her friend. This was not the first time she had soon her entiroly lose her self-possession at the idea of being sooeen and recognised by some per eons; whose names she had never men tioned, to whose actions she had never alluded. It was very strange, Grace thought; but if Anne did not volunteer her confidences, it was not for her to sook tlhem. Moreover, her pallor and tremulousness left no doubt of the reality of her hesitation, and so Grace said, consolingly " There shall be no question of your being seen, dear, anid I myself have not the spirits to attempt to enter into any gaiety. We will leave our explorations of Paris and our fascinations of its inhabitants for somei happier days. You shake your Ihead, Anne, as though you did not believe that such times were in store for us ; the fact being that you are horribly upset and entirely out of sorts, your nerves, are unstrung, and you are labouring under mental depression, which I take to be the reaction from severe excitement. I am sure that the best cure for that will be peaob and quiet, such as you will find in my aunt's house. ' Not with her, perhaps, because she is fidgety and hypo ohoidriacal ; but'..I shall take care to inter pose between you, and shall hand you ovoi to be doiealt with by the professor, who is the dearest old creature in the world, and whose very aspect is suggestive of a benign Scalm. You still shako your head ?" " I am something of a fatalist, I am afraid," said Anune, with a dreary smile ; "and though I love to hear you talk of the Speaco that awaits us in your German home, I cannot got rid of the presentiment'that, so far as I am concerned, it will izot be of longduration. I only hope that the trouble which I cannot explain, but with which I fancy myself threatened, may not be re flected on you." "I would willingly take my share of it, dear," said Grace, embracing her affeootion ately,' ""if by doing so.I could relieve you'; it will be' time enough to ' talk of it when it comes. To-morrow we will leave. this place and commence our journey, but my idea is to travel very leisuroly-we are not pressed for time-and I think that your strength will not be equal to much fatigue." Grace had gauged her friend's condition with tolerable accuracy. Although her desire to got away from Paris-where, had she ventured into the streets she would have run the chance of being encountered by her father, or, worse still, by the man who had a legal right to call himself her husband-had given to Anne Studloy a kind of flotitious stamina, they had made but little progress on their journey before this utterly gave way; and Grace, whoso in tellest and power of will had been much strengthened since she had boon compelled to depend upon herseolf, saw that all her fears wore about to be realisod. At first Anne would not hear of any delay, but when Grace promised to avoid the great towns, and doclared, what certainly had some foundation of truth, that she herself was anxious to take the opportunity of visiting the quaint old Belgian cities which lay almost in their road, Anne could make no objection. $he know, too, that there was no danger in the proposal. Brussels she had heard her father speak of as one of his haunts. There were gaiety, luxury, and society-all of which he loved; and, in a town of clubs and coteries, Captain Studloy would find little difliculty in combining profitable business with his pleasure. But cathedrals and medieval town-halls, bol fries, and 'watch-towers; the masterpiecos of Rubens and Van Eyck ; the memorials of Alva and Vou Artoveldo, wore not likely to rouse the faintest interest iii his breast. So the two friends passed several days in exploring Ghent and ]irisges, and Grace noticed with delight that Anno, freo?d from the iufluenoo of terror, was daily regaining health and spirits. Journeying thus by slow degrees, and stopping on their route wherever they thought amusement or distraction was to he found, they arrived one bright afternoon at the little German town which was for some time to be their homo. Anne was delighted with the first glimpso which loh caurght of its first appearance. Nostling in the valley, the dark towers of its anoient bpildings and the green doors of its modern 'houses standing out in sharp relief against the' show, with which the streets wore rendered dumb; tlho ladieso'with their at tendant cavaliers, woll wrapped in furs, driving in elegant sleighs, the horses at taeehod to which made music with their tinkling bells; the peasants in jackets and kirtles of their own knitting: the dreamy looking students, scorning any increase of clothing, and braving the rigour of the frosts with open necks and uncovered hands-these sights were new and strange to. Anne Studley, and aroused in her a pleasant interest such as she had not felt for many a long day. Their arrival had been expected; and Frank Eckhardt and Paul Fischer, two of the most studious and best-regulated young men of the professor's flock, had beoon sent to meet them. Fully appreciative were the two students of the honour thus conferred upon them; and before the train had come to a standstill they were at the door of the daumencoupe, caps in hand, full of congratulations to Grace on her happy return, and of almost openly- expressed admiration of the friend who accompanied her. Selected for their staid bearing and their scholastic acquire ments, the natural taste of these youths im pelled them to give the preference to a oalmer style of beauty, and to manners less capricious and exacting than those of Miss Middleham; as they walked off from the station, after having seen the ladies safely despatched in a sleigh, it was evident, from the confidence exchauged between them, that both Franz and Paul had been struck by Anne Studley's saddened countenance and tranquil demeanour. "The little Englauderin is u ell enough, seost thou ?" said Franz, the older of the two, as he stopped to light his pipe. "There is much prettiness in her fair hair and blue eyes, but she is light and frivolous, and lacks the repose which her friend suggests." " The newly- arrived one," said Paul, who had endeavoured by hard study to rid him self of a temperament which by nature was intensely romantico, and had not quite suc ceeded, " the newly-arrived one I should judge by her countenance to have undergone much suffering, and thus to have acoom plished that self- purification which is only tam'ht by sorrow. The other is conceited and satirical-more of the character usually ascribed by English romancists to their heroines; the newly-arrived one has a soul which one can see shining through the depths of her eyes." "Thou speakest like the ghost of Uhland," said Franz. "All the overpiling of mathe matics and metaphysics which thou hast laid over the fire of romance inmate within thee, has been insufficient to extinguish it. It is a dangerous spark for thy peace of mind; so before again encountering the young ladies, let us try to quench it with a glass of bear at the verein hard by." A proposal of this kind is never unaccept able toa German Borsch, however roman tically lie may be inclined, and with a nod of acquiescence Paul accompanied his friend into the tavern. The two English ladies had driven to the house in the Poppelsdorfer All6s, on the steps of which the worthy professor, divested of his favourite schlaf-rock, and clad in a wondrous blue coat, which was only brought out on occasions of the highest festivity, stood bare-headed to receive them. His eyes glisteneiod with delight behind his speo tacles as the sleigh drove up, and as soon as Grace alighted hlie took both her hands into custody with his plump little fingers, and kissed her on each cheek with frank heartiness; lhe thoue turned to her com panion, and was evidently quite taken aback by Anne's appearance. The letter which Grace had written from Paris to the Frau Professoriu had prepared the little German household for the advent of a person in a professedly superior position to that which poor Lucy Dormer had occupied; but, al though Anne was dressed with particular plainness, the quality of her clothes being such as would be scorned by many a young lady's-maid, there was a high-bred look about her which could not be hidden, and an air of quiet suffering which could notfail to awake interest in a kindly sympathetic soul, such as tenanted the quaint and homely body of Professor Sturm. It was not pos sible that anyone with such an expression, the professor thought, could be employed in a menial occupation; and if she wore the servant of his young English ward, from him, whose sympathies wore radical and expansivo, she would be entitled to respect ful recognition. So the professor offered his arm to assist Anne to alight from the sleigh, and courteously motioned her to precede him upstairs to the room where Madame Sturm was waiting to receive them. Speculation as to the manner in which the Frau Professorin would receive her friend had occupied Grace's thoughts a groat deal during the journey, and occasioned her no small mental trouble. She knew her aunt to be narrow-minded and obstinate, a great stickler for casto, and resolutely opposed to favourable first impressions. Poor Luoy Dormer had boon decidedly superior to the generality of her class; but that fact had no weight on the Frau Professorin, who treated her with marked disdain, and had boon ac customed to speak of her as "that young person." Grace knew Anne's sensitive spirit would recoil at anything like a sound of harshness, and was more than anxious to discover the effect which the manners and appearance of the now inmate of their houso hold would have upon her aunt. This information came speedily and satis factorily. When Auno had boon half-pro sented, half-pointed out, by Grace, to the Frau Professorin as Mrs. Waller, had answorod a few questions, in her own quiet way, had relieved Grace of her wraps, and arranged Mrs. Sturm's medicine bottle and glass, which wore in a dangerous position on the table, and had retired to unpack thie boxes, the old lady took advantage of the opportunity to deliver her opinion about the new comer. "I like that Waller of yours," sie said, with anu emphatic sniff of approval, as soon as the door had closed behind Anso. " I am very quick at observing, and the way ii which she saved that bottle and glass from falling, showed me that ehe has her head scrowed on in the right plaeo-a woman who, I should think, knew all about medicines and that kind of thing, aid who will be a comfort to have in the house, and able to look after herself; not like that poor girl you took away with you, who was always ailing and moping, as though one invalid in thu plaoo was not onough at a time. Quite a superior kind of person too; and that makes one giffieulty of knowing what we should do with her. We could never expect her to sit down in the kitchen and eat her meals with Lisbeth. No I as you say, my dear, of course not; especially as Lisbeth has a taste for blut-wurst, black-pudding, and onions, which Waller probably will not share; so I fancy it will be beset for her to have her dinner in that little room which you make a sitting-rooir, next to the professor's study, and I will have the sewing-machine moved up there, so that she can take a turn at it when she is not particularly engaged for you; for when people have been in trouble they are apt to be idle and mournful, and there is nothing to make them forget their miseries like giving them plenty of work. By the way, you never found your friend, Tonics, who advertised for you to come to her ?" "No," said Grace, with a blush; "I imagine I was too late." "Ah I I wish you had met Tonics, for I had a kind of feeling that she know some thing about medicine, and that some good would come to me, after you had seen her. Fancy that Dormer girl dying, though I " " Yes, poor creature," said Grace, " she sickened soon after we started, and never had strength to make head against the illness." " She was a weak thing at best," said the Fran Professorin, "and Lisbeth told me after you had gone that she never could get her to eat buttertmilk-soup, and that she always left the cranberry sauce with her roast veal. Now Waller is a woman of a very different kind, and if my judgment is right, will prove a treasure to you. Where did you pick her up ? " " The landlady at the Hotol de Lille in Paris recommended her," said Grace, speaking very quickly. " Her husband was known to them, and she had very good re commendations." "I should think she would be a very great comfort indeed to me, when you are not re quiring her services," said Madame Sturm. She seems a sensible person, that I could trust to bring me my medicines at the proper hour, and be sure that she would never overdo the dose; and the truth is, my dear Grace, I begin to fooeel even more dependent on my medicines than I was before." The truth was that Grace had noticed a considerable chango in her aunt since she made her hurried departure from Bonn. The tricks which she was constantly playing upon herself by eagerly swallowing every now nostrum of which she heard, and the disinclination to take exercise, which had now grown into a positive inability, had told upon the old lady's constitution. In the course of a few days she had become thoroughly accustomed to, and dependent upon, Anne's kindly ministrations; and knowing how far the comfort of her friend was dependent upon the goodwill felt to wards her by the Frau Professorin, Grace waived her claim as much as possible to Anne's society, and allowed her aunt to benefit by it. The conversations between the old invalid and the young girl whose hopes had been wrecked so early in life, would have been curious and instructive had there beeoon any bystander to listen to them. The past was rarely touched upon. At the outset of their acquaintance Madame Sturm, urged not more by feminine curiosity than by a real interest which Anne's kind noess to her impelled her to fool in the for tunes of her now acquaintance, would ask now and then about her family, the ciroum stances under which she had marrio d, and the cause and manner of her husbaud's death. Anne replied to these inquiries calmly and in a general way, des?uribing herself as an orphan who had married to secure a home, and who, upon the loss of her husband, was again cast upon her re sources. The old lady accepted this story in good faith, and only occasionally ro turred to it, her favourito topic of conversa tion being her niece's future. Grace would be of age in a twolvemouth, and, as a great heiress, would naturally be called upon to quit the shelter of their humble roof and take up her position in the world of London. Who was to undertake the duties of adviser and chaperon to the young heiress, sorely puzzled the worthy Frau Professorin. Her weak state of health rendered it impossible that she should undortake the position, ani as to giving it up to some i); to be nomi nated by those lawyer-men, from whom Grace was in the habit of receiving periodi cal reports of what was happening to the property, the old lady declared it unlikely that a pair of musty old attorneys could have any knowledge of what was proper in such a matter. She did not hositate to declare her own wish that Anne should have a voice in the all'air, and having ob. tained from her favourite a declaration of readiness to undortake the charge, professed her intention of seeing the notion carried through. The relations between Grace Middle.ham and the friend of her school- days, notwith etanding that so much of Anne's time was taken up in attending to the Frae Profes sorin, remained as affectionate and as inti mate as over. The promise which Graco had given to trust her friend wholly and unreservedly, and never to question her as to any of the occurrences which had hap poued during the titum they were parted, she had fatthfully kept, and Anis Studloy's life from the time she quitted Gisapono House to the day when sheo eitored poor Lucy Dormer's bedroom at the HLtel do Lille, was a scaled book to her friend. More than this, so particular was Grace to avoid even the slightest appearance of curiosity that, finding as she did that Atio showed a strong disinclination to be told anything concerning the bank and its allfirs-topies which, of course, formed t'io staple of the communications mado from time to time to the young heiress by Messrs. Hilhnan aud Hicks-sho was quite satislied to keep her conlideneos to herself. She cushl not tell Anne anything about the baik and its affairs without alluding to Mr. Heath, and Mr. Heath was, as she institttively felt, connected it some way or other with Anna's unhappy remombrances of homo. This much Grace had learned, and Mr. Heath, and any matter in which his name must necessarily be involved, wore hniceforth taboood subjeots. What the mystery was, Grace, of course, know not ; but she could not believe that there couhl le anything in it prosonal to Mr. Iloath, whom she know her uncle had always highly valued, and of whom, for her uuclo's sake, she entertained the highest opinion ; but out of kindly fool ing for her friend she was content there should be absolute silence on the point. , The coushmtant attendnuce upon the Frau Profcssorin, whose desire for Anne's pro sence and ministrations became greater as her infirmities increased, and Grace's con stantly-sought opportunities for her friend's society, absorbed so much of Anne's time as to give her but little chance for self-com muning. The little German town stood out to her as a green spot, an oasis in the desert of life. Resting in it, she had gradu ally been enabled to overcomin the dread of detection, the terror of pursuit, which had .,;set her inummediately after her flight. Con stantly occupied by her domestic duties, she had lost the habit of recalling those fright ful scenes through which she had passed as in a dream, and a dull and confused memory of which still occasionally haunted her sleep. And upon Anne Studley, as upon so many other afflicted ones, the power of music exercised its blessed in fluence. Within a very short time after her arrival at Madame Sturm's, the ques tion of her position in the household was satisfactorily settled. The old lady herself would not hear of her favourite being shut out from their better society; she was introduced to their guests as Miss Middle ham's friend and companion, and when company was present - or better still, during the long evenings when they were alone-Anne would sit silent and motion less, rapt and entranced at the weird and mystic music which flowed out from the piano under the quiet touch of the pro fossor's melody- compelling fingers. All throughout the house was harmonious and tranquil, the Frau Professorin's querulous complaints were no longer heard, and under the shelter of her roof Anne Studley found a haven and passed a year of peace. CHiiAPTER XVII. " Grace had a letter from England this morning," said Madame Sturm, as she sat placidly sipping her coffee one afternoon with Anne acting as her companion, and reading out such scraps from the newspaper as she thought might interest the old lady; "a letter from the lawyer-men on that dreadful blue paper, and in that horrible round-hand which always reminds me of Chancery-lane. Did Grace show you the letter, my love ? " " Yes, Madame Sturm," cried Anne ; " I have just returned it to her." " O, then you know all about it," said the old lady. "The time is fast approaching now when I shall have to lose my .niece. She will be a great lady; and, I suppose, like all the rest of the world, will forget her humble friends." ?; "I don't think that is likely," saidAinaho warmly; "and you will allow that in such a matter I speak from experience." , . " You are quite right, my dear; aind I am an old fool for giving utterance to such a sentiment; but I am not very strong either in mind or body now,.I .think,' and I'm beginning to get anxious about that dear girl's future. You have discussed it often with her, I suppose ? " " Yes," said Anne ; "it is' constantly present to both our minds; and the re sponsibility which will devolve upon dear Grace is so great that I, at least, cannot contemplate it calmly." "Nor I, my love," said the old lady. "The only one thing which jeoonciles me to it is the knowledge that she will have you at her right hand to counsel and guide her." "I am sorry to toll you that you must give up that idea, dear Madame Sturm," said Anne, laying aside the newspaper. " Grace and I have talked it over thoroughly, and I have proved to hear that, however much I might wish it, it will be impossible for me to accompany her to England." " Impossible for you to go with her ? " said the Frau Profcssorinu, in alarm. "Why, what can be the reason of that ? " " Some private family matters, with which I need not trouble you," said Anne, coldly. " O, indeed," said Madame Sturm, shortly. "Something about thoso bothering Wallers, I suppose ? " Then, relaxing a little in her tone, she added, "well, I call thats great blow. I had thoroughly counted upon your being with her; and it was the only comfort I had." "I do not think I need tell you how keoenly Ifeel it," said Anne; ".but we have talked it all out, and, though Grace would not hear of it at first, she is now half recon oiled to the idea, in thinking that, for some time at least, I shall remain with you." "You are a sweet angel, Waller," said the old lady rapturously, bonding forward her face for Anne to kiss; " and in my wretched state of health are time greatest possible comfort to me. So long as I live you shall never want a home ; but what we have to think of now is, who shall be Graco's companion ? " " Grace was about to suggest, and I am thorefore breaking no confidence in men tioning it," said Anne, " that the professor sbould go with her to London, and remain with her there, at least for a short time." " The professor I " cried the old lady; " why, what are the girls thinling about I Who is to undertake his lectures, and what is to become of me ? " " I shall remain bohind to take care of you, dear Madame Sturm," said Anne; " and as for the lectures, one of the pro fessor's colleagues could act for him in his absence, and the little cihange and rest would do him unbounded good." " That is quite true," said the old lady, meditatively ; " and some years ago ho often used to express a wish to visit England; but he is no longer a young mai, though, no doubt, the pleasure of finding himself known to celebrated people would act as an incentive to him, for we are all of us vain,my dear, more or less." The idea thus struck out was not'suffered to slumber. That same evening, when the worthy old irofessor's heart had boon cheered by a good supper and a bottle of lauenthalor, and when he had lapsed into a dreamy state in listening to a selection of simple Scotch and Irish melodies which Anne had boon playing to him, and which lie dearly loved, the impossibility of Mrs. Waller's accompanying her friend to London was laid bifore him, and the suggestion made that lio should go iu her stead ; and after mush astonishment and persuasion his consont was gained. " It will le hard worls partiig with you again, darling, after being so closely and so constantly together," said Grace to her friend, on the evening when this decision had been arrived at ; " but there is no help for it, and we must accept the iuovitable as best we can," " Not in all your goodness and hindness to me," said Anne, putting her round Grace's neck, "has your trust been so thoroughly shown as by your acceptance of my assurauce of the necessity for silence in regard to that portion of my life which occurred between our parting at school and our meeting at Paris. I would give all I possess-little enough, llcHeaven knows, and entirely owing to your bounty," she added, with a smile, " to go with you now; but it is impossible, and you must accept the fact without asking for an explanation." " I do accept it," said Grace, " and ask no more; my one comfort is in thinking that I shall not be so very long away from you, for aits soon as business matters are arranged I shall leave London, and we can either continue to live on here, or go for a year's travel, as we may think fit." " You are not making allowance for all the attractions which will await the young heiress in the world of fashion," said Anne, with a sad smile. "It would be unnatural, indeed, if you, with all the advantages which wealth and beauty can command, should abnegate your position and waste the brightest period of your life." It would be absurd of me to sneer at temptations of which I know nothing," said Grace, " but the auticiptation of them certainly never occupied my thoughts. I shall stop in London, I suppose, because the lawyers and business people will want me there; but I do not imagine that my arrival will cause any great excitement in the fashionable world." " You are an heiress, which in itself will render it quite sufficient for you to be sought after; but, in addition to that, there are many of your unclo's friends who will be anxious to make things pleasant to you. You will-you will go to Loddonford, I think you said ?" she added, with an irre pressible tremblo in her voice. "0, most certainly not," said Grace promptly, and without noticing her friend's emotion. " My poor uncle laid so many plans for our mutual happiness there, that I could never think of it without recurring to him and all tmhe details of that horrible trmigedy. I shall give instructions to have the place sold, and never let its name be mentioned before me." " There you are right," said :Anne. "There is no reason why you should retain any link to bind you to a disagreeable past; your future, thank Heaven, bids fair to be bright enough, and with that you should occupy your thoughts." " We will not speculate too much upon that, little one," said Anne, stroking her friend's shining curls. " The natural future of all girls is marriage - the happy future, I firmly believe, of many." Her voice shook a little as she spoke. S"But," she continued, " it is impossible to assure it, we are told;. but what is possible you possess. A husband will come for you, my darling, and take you away. from me, rendering you a source of happiness to him and others to come after you. A'nid& ?you also, Anne," said Grace, earnestly; ' why should not such a lot be " Why not,,-for-for many reasons, pet. I must be the maiden.aunt to your children, and contented enough in that." .. 'I think you are talking very absurdly'" said Grace, suddenly. " I don't see any iec?ssity for 'my being married; I am'sure I, have never seen anyone yet that I could care about." " That is because the right ' anyone' has not yet presented himself," said Anne. " I can understand your being heart.proof against the admiration of Paul Fischer, and remaiining unsubdued by the fascinations of little Dr. Krafft; but the conquering hero is yet to crne. Qui que tui soils voils ton maitre -you, with your beauty and riches, are most unlikely to form an exception to the rule." " Well," said Grace with a blush and a smile, "it will be time enough to talk of the t liero when hlie arrives. Whoever he may be, I am certain of one thing, that I shall never love him as I love you, and the first condition of my accepting him, would be that you and I should not be separated." " We will consider these points, as you say, dear, all in good time," said Anne, faintly smiling; " but, from all that one has heard, a husband never fancies his wife's friends ; and lhe closer the intimacy, the less likely are they to find favour in his eyes." "My husband will have to do as Ichoose," said Grace, tossing her head; "and I shall take care that those lawyer-men, as Aunt Sturm calls them, give muse proper authority over my own affairs. What are you smiling at, Anno ?" " At the confident way in which you are speaking, darling. "'He jests at sears who never felt a wound ;' and you, who have never yet had Love's yoke laid upon you, cannot comprehend the possibility of sub jugation. You will think differently some day, little one." " One would think you spoke out of the plenitude of your own experience, Anne," said Grace. But ber friend did not reply to her, and the conversation dropped. (To be continucd.) Writing of breaking-in young horses, Colonel Colman, in the Rural World, says: I think that if thier wore no passionate men, there would be no passionate horses, and I advise that the young colt be given over to a little boy with a good temper. Lot the childron play with him, load him with a halter, and as soon as he is strong enough get upon him, and let him walk about at will, and that horse will require no "breaking" but will come to his work like a rational creature as he is. But when he is suffered to run perfectly wild until he has attained his full growth and strength, and is thou approached with halter, saddle, and bridls, he is terrified and unimnageiblo, and frequently the " breaking" results in breaking his spirit, his constitution, or his neck ; or if he refuses to be subdued, and only yields obedienoO to force, remaining always bulky ind vicious. Philadelphia is just now excited over the capture of a land of grave-robbers, who were caught with six bodies, intended for the Medisal College, in their possession. An inveetigation shows that theme ghouls had almost cloured one of the ceomteries of its occupants. The recovered corpass have bici identified. This capturo was planned by some newspaper reporters attached to the Philadolphia p.oss, who carried it oumt somosesfully, as amateur detectives. 