Tlio PfH*Tr of SnglsjicL Globe. The Old Lady of Threadneedle Street has been putting hex house in order. Whether under the influence of a spirit of rivalry en gendered by the new buildings and fine machinery of the 'kindred establishment on Tower HilL or whether entirely stimulated by the exigencies of increased business, need not. be determined, but the bank of England is just now the scene of unusual bustle and activity. What is practically a new entrance into the building has been recently opened up from Princess street. It has been described as a - doorway. It is hardly this, however. The door has always been there, and some of the very old stagers on the establishment can remember its having been opened. A good many years ago, however, during some time of popular turmoil, this entrance was practically abolished by building up inside it a ponderous mass of brickwork and masonery. This has been removed, and excess to the interior of the bank may not be had on the western side. In side the bank, too, there has been a consider able readjustment of offices. The public draw office, for instance; and the branch bank office have been transferred to the handsome and spacious room which formerly was the account ant's bank-note office — the office, that is to say, in which old bank notes are sorted and registered before being stored away in the dark vaults of the bank, where, for five years, they lie packed away in little wooden boxes, some thing like plum-boxes, ready to appear, like so many accusing angels, against anybody who hns made them the means of fraud. It is a little irregular to have got down into this nether world of pecuniary ghost so early in the course of an inspection of the bank, but, now that we are here, it may save coming down again if we look about us a little. There are probably people about to whom a region of veritable ghosts would be scarcely more fearsome than these gloomy, silent avenues, piled up high on either hand with these little wooden recepta cles. It is rather a startling idea that very possibly flashes upon the visitor as he moves amid these silent witnesses to so many momen tary transactions that if during the past five years he has scribbled his name and address accross a Bank of England, note, probably this signature is here, and that somebody may . som i day bring into the bank up stairs a note bearing the same number as that which he signed. Supposing the new arrival is sufficiently genuine in appearance to pass muster — no doubt, rather a far-fetched supposi tion, unless it really is genuine — within a few hours a clerk will take down as queer a looking ledger as ever went under the. name, and will proceed to ' post ' the note. Then it will be seen that the proper space, for a note of that date and that number, has already been filled in. Something must be wrong. The new arrival may be a good note. In that case the other must be a forgery, and anybody whose name appears on it must expect communica tions. Any day something irregular in the his tory of one of these notes may bring down upon any of us the attentions of a detective, just as Mr. Jas Payn, in his ' Lost Sir Massingbird,' makes the famous old Bow Street runner, Townsend, swoop down upon the simple old farmer who had quite innocently taken one or two of the notes traced to him from these gloomy vaul ts. A clear conscience is a pleasant possession as one trudges through these dark avenues by the glimmer of an old-fashioned lantern. And yet a rogue might pesuade himself that he is safe enough amid this amazing store. The officials give you a little printed slip from which it appears that in the course of five years the paid notes amount to 77,745,000 in number, and that they fill 13,400 boxes, which if placed side by side would reach 2% miles. If the notes were placed in a pile they would reach to the height of 57^ miles or if joined end to end they would form a ribbon 12,445 miles long. Their superficial extent is said to be rather less than that of Hyde Park. They weigh over oo2/i tons, and their original value wasover .£1,750,626,600,. The greatest of rouges might be inclined to find some comfort in the extent and intricacy of such a store of old paper. Of course, however, they are most systematically arranged, and any note of the seventy-seven millions may be pounced upon with the utmost celerity and precision. At the end of five years these old notes are thrown into a furnace specially constructed for the purpose and burned. It is a curious fact, how ever that so firm in texture is the paper of a genuine Bank of England note that burning alone can hardly destroy it. . The authorities have in a little glazed frame the remnants of a note which was in the great fire of Chicago. Though completely chaired and blade, the paper still holds together, and the printing of the note is said to be sufficiently legible to establish the genuineness and to warent its being cashed. There are some other notes here that were cashed after having gone down with the Eurydiee a few years ago, and reduced to a little better than pulp. Indeed the scraps and fragments which sometimes come into the Bank to be cashed have a really ridiculous appearance. On the occasion of a recent visit, for instance, the officiabjhad under examination a number of fragments of discoloured paper, none much bigger than a sixpence, and when put together presinteng to the unskilled eye not the slightest resemblance of a note. And yet it was pretty confidently asserted that the paper would be cashed. It is beneath the dignity of the Bank of England to take, or even to appear to take, advantage of accidents to their notes, and, if there is any possibflty of establishing the identity of one of diem, it is dully honoured. Even where a note is entirely destroyed, proper evidence of the fact, of distraction will be ac cepted and payment made. A lost note will in some cases be paid, and there isoneoccasion recorded upon which the liberal attitude of the directors in a case of this kind involved them in a loss of /30,00a A Bank director de dared that he bad lost a note for that amount, and, upon his giving an indemity for the sum in the event of the note ever turning up, the money was paid to him. Many years after his death an unknown person prsented the note. The paper was undeniable good, and the Bank had '.no alternatiue but to cash it, as it was payable to bearer on demand, and, as tbe heirs of the bank director who had lost its repudiated all liability, the money could not be recovered. The collection of forged notes which have been stopped at the counters and have been accu mulated in a kind of scrap book is very inter esting to tnose wno nave no intention 01 embarking in this line of enterprise. To the great fraternity of forgers — said to bare been entirly envolved as far as bank notes are con cerned since the year 1785— probably no volume extent would afford half the interest of thig curious collection. But we are fairly above the ground again, and somewhere nearer the point at which any methodical account of the Bank's paper currency ought to have commenced. However methodically dis posed . may be the stranger who should thoroughly inspect the bank of England he will probably soon relinquish all attempts at method in arranging his ideas. It is a most bewilder ing place, and the stranger cannot, on the whole do much better than give himself up to his guides and take tilings as they present them selves to his notice. - He mil probably leave the establishment with a grand jumble of ideas, in which piles of coin, and bundles of bank notes, and barrows of bullion, and whirling machinery, and extensive vistas of jderks will be the main details, and if in any attempt to describe what he has seen there is nq iittle con fusion, bis account may fairly be . accredited with the greater ?vraisemblance. Of course, the place is not in confusion. Order is the Bank's first law, and everything is rigidly systematic ; but die impression brought away by strangers — especially if they have penetrated into some of the more obscure nooks and comers of the vast building — will be to the utmost bewilder ment and confusion. We have not space in this article to describe the beautiful new machinery for printing banknotes, which has just been set up, and is now throwing off these dainty little works of art with a rapidity never before attained. 