AN ADVENTURE IN SWITZER- LAND. BY LANCELOT. It had been a season marked by more than one fatality and various mishaps of less moment, when came the crowning event of that year, the terrible accident on the Matterhorn, in which some of the most experienced Alpine men perished, leaving but one—the artist Whymper—to tell the ghastly story of the sudden catastrophe after the first successful ascent. It had so long remained uncon- quered, rearing its singular and incomparable form to the height of 14,705ft., an object of universal admiration from almost every part of the Alps, enhanced by the defiance it had flung to the boldest mountaineer to dare its inaccessible crown, from which such men as Professor Tyndall and others had been so repeatedly beaten back, that it almost seemed as if it had by this event taken its revenge upon its victors. Tired of snow fields, peaks, and glaciers for that year, satiated with the painful details that attended the last neces- sary duties connected with this calamitous episode in Alpine climbing, I left Zermatt, where a hasty grave had been prepared in the little cemetery beside the picturesque old chalets in the hollow, and where the last sad rites man pays to man were paid, and passing through the romantic Valley of St. Nicklaus by the mule path to Visp, on the Simplon route, crossed to Leuk, and walked over the Pass of the Gemmi, commanding superb views of the Alps beyond the Rhone dividing the Valais from Piedmont, and sleeping at the lonely inn of Schwarenbach, passed on the next day by an easy road past rude wayside cross and tinselled oratory to Kandersteg and Frutigen, and by the peaceful shores of the lake to Thun. There is always a reaction after the extreme tension and high excitement of a spell of mountaineering in the High Alps when the physical exertion stimulated by the extreme rarefaction of the atmosphere has been such that the whole system is too highly strung to settle down all at once to the ordinary routine of everyday life. So I decided on loitering in Thun, where the railway commences, for a few days of that delicious idleness which is never more enjoyable than when following close upon arduous muscular effort, before entering on the long run home by Berne, Neuchatel, Portarlier, and Paris to London, without halting en route. The irresistible fascination of the Alps can scarcely be understood by those who have not tasted of that supreme enjoyment, and there are many to whom the vast expanses of snow and ice are Elysian fields. The indescribable beauty and grandeur of the stupendous fortresses of mountains, with battlements overhanging, and great spurs de- scending into the green pastures of the Swiss valleys on the one hand, and Italian vals on the other, is something to be remembered only in dreams. The glory of early morning in the mountains, with the bright, crisp air sending the blood tingling through the veins with the impulsive bound of that perfect health which comes of a period of mountain and glacier climbing through scenes of mingled awe and incomparable loveliness, will deck your mental picture gallery with souvenirs sufficient for a lifetime. The darkness changing to dawn, and then to sunrise, with the beautiful effects of colour which snowy mountains can alone display, as in the Zermatt district when the light of dawn begins to creep over the old Weiss Thor and to cast shadows on the ice, while the western stars disappear, and the distant moonlit peaks, that looked scarcely more substantial than white clouds, begin to grow yellow, while Monte Rosa, still in complete shadow, remains coldly blue. Later, a circle of deepest blue compasses the west horizon, followed by one of lurid red, with pale-blue sky above. Soon the summit of the Matterhorn, standing up grim and ghastly, is touched with the pink flush of sunrise. Next, the Lyskam and the Breithorn catch the glow, the crimson colour spreads gradually over these, changing suddenly to golden yellow, and slowly fades into the common light of day. Then there is the long, long day, with all its incidents seasoned with a spice of danger, the possibility of a break in the weather, the sudden brouillard, or the dread avalanche. Not so much the thunder- ing avalanche of the "Jungfrau," ready to break every bone in your body, which seem to fall almost to order when the sun is up, and warm enough to detach them, but the quiet, malicious, stealthy variety which would quietly take you off your legs, wrap you up in a shroud of snow, and bury you in a crevasse for a few hundred years without making any noise about it. There is nothing finer than to see the skill of a gold Chamonix guide in the midst of baffling crevasses, or to see one boldly cut his way down to the bottom of a crevasse and seek his way along it when other means of advance seem hopeless, or few more musical sounds than that of his axe ringing upon the ice and scattering a shower of glittering gems at every blow, with no other exclamation than the occasional "arretez" or "en a ont." It is a far cry to Chamounix or Zermatt. Shall we ever see that famous rendezvous, the old Hotel Monte Rosa, again? Or drink again once more of worthy Seilers best wines? Thun is one of the prettiest of old medi- æval Swiss towns, with a quaint antique charm which makes it a favourite place of sojourn for tourists starting for or returning from the Bernese Oberland. The lake is one of the most beautiful of all, though small in extent. Seen on market days, with picturesque market-boats laden with fruit and other produce, rowed by nut- brown maidens stand- ing in single file, keeping admirable time with their oars as they propel the boat in their peculiar fashion, and dressed in the distinc- tive costume of their canton, it makes a picture to be remembered. On the pinnacle of a lofty hill immediately overlooking and in close proximity to the town stands the tall, old feudal castle of the Counts of Kyburgh (A.D. 1429), almost grotesque in its antiquity, and long since uninhabitable. It has four square towers, or rather turrets, and bears a distant resemblance to Rochester Castle, having the same looped and dismantled window-holes. Halfway up the steep hill side which leads to the castle, on a plateau-like terrace, stands the beautiful cemetery, thick with black crosses hung with wreaths of immortelles. One evening I mounted to this site, which is celebrated for its extensive prospect. It is a pleasant spot, and one, standing so high, always in sight from any part of the little town. A mere upward glance and the quick see the "God's acre," where sleep their dead. It is a place where people come and sit among the bright flowers, and look upward to the heaven- pointing peaks, or downward to the lake and the broad eaves and gables of the quaint houses where the still population around lived their lives, and now, like run sand in the hour glass of old Time, sleep side by side in their last resting- place. Their last resting place? No, by all that is sacred, no! Life is more than breath, and the quick round of blood. "A sleep and a forgetting!" Like the Kapelbrücke, or covered bridge, of another Swiss town, so happily used by Longfellow as a visible illus- tration:— "The grave itself is but a covered bridge, leading from light to light, through a brief dark- ness." While gazing at the elevated position of the old castle above the thought suggested itself of what a commanding point its topmost height would be for a comprehensive view of the whole range of Alpine peaks visible from this corner of Switzerland. Learning that the old place was in charge of an aged custodian, I the next day determined upon carrying out the project I had formed of making a sketch from one of the lofty corner turrets. The ascent was steep. "Excelsior!" came to be my watchword as I toiled upward, though "bearing no banner with a strange device," but only some sketching traps, a flask, and cigar case. At length the postern gate of this whilom feudal stronghold was reached, and it being no uncommon thing for visitors to come there for the view it com- mands, the aged custodian—who appeared to reside in some apartments by the entrance of the court-yard—bearing a bunch of huge keys handed to him by his equally aged wife, at once preceded me up a winding staircase at the foot of one of the four towers, and un- locked a vast empty apartment which covered the whole space between the four walls of the castle. After gazing out of one of the ruined gaps which once held windows, the custodian took me up another story higher, the vast room being precisely like the other. Explaining my purpose to him, he again preceded me to another floor yet higher, carefully locking the door behind him. This, he said, was higher than visitors ever went, but I persisted in my desire to go to the highest story, in each corner of which stood the four pepper-box shaped turrets crowning the architectural design of the old castle. This floor which we at last reached, was like all the others, except being in a yet more ruinous and abandoned condition. One of the turrets had a huge gap looking precisely in the direction I desired, the other three turrets being closed and walled up, but as the aspect they commanded was in a contrary direction this was of no consequence. I then dismissed the old fellow, giving instructions that he was to return to me at 5 o'clock— fünf ūhr dreizig. The ancient guardian departed, carefully locking all the huge doors after him as he descended. The prospect from the ragged loop-hole of my eyrie was most enchanting! It was one of the fairest days of early autumn. Far below the clear lake spread out like a cathedral pavement, so smooth and tranquil, with all the lovely colour of the Swiss lakes, while on its un- ruffled surface rested vague shadows of the mountains, which I knew would by and by lengthen in the declining day until lost in a mysterious infinitude of purple darkness. Dreamily, and half-concealed by a violet-hued veil of transparent mist, the Bernese Alps trace their softened outlines against the pale blue sky. More immediately beneath, like Lili- putian figures, were seen townspeople moving hither and thither, in and out of the broad- eaved houses in the tortuous streets. Black specks, like common flies, but which we knew to be boats, dart across and about the lake, and one, like a large blowfly, emitted cigarette- like puffs of smoke, whereby we knew it was the tourist steamboat carrying away a freight of happy souls to Interlaken, the Saratoga of the district, where foolish people loiter and dress for dinner each day, persuading themselves they are doing Switzerland. Mules laden with panniers and adorned with jingling bells climb paths among the near suburbs, but no sounds reach the ear: I might as well be up in a balloon. I surveyed all this from the loop-hole of my retreat, and, under the softening influence of the peerless autumn afternoon, scarce marked the flight of time. "Why ever climbing the climbing wave?" is the sentiment suggested. Why desire to ever watch the tedious tossing to and fro of mortal things that this and that way swing, though moving ever "down the ringing grooves of change?" Here rest—our alter ego seemed to whisper—and let the world go by! What a poor little affair it seems from this altitude! Very much after the ant-hill kind of world Mounds of insects speeding to and fro with pieces of straw in their mouths, and other minute property of an equally valuable order. What does it all mean? And do these ants also suspect what a ridiculously small game is this at which the other larger ants work so eagerly, pursue so earnestly and unweariedly and for which they seem to be both red and die grey. I dropped a pebble and watched its velocity until it became lost in the accelerated speed of its downward flight. Presently another dark object came out of a toy-shed on the hill yonder, and put something to its mouth, which I concluded must be a Swiss cow-horn, as it was the occasion of some cattle, which appeared to belong to a child's toy-box, taking their way in the direction of another little wooden habitation, resembling a sixpenny Noah's ark. And then I knew it was evening! A distant sound of the vesper bell seemed to float up and struggle for a moment to be heard, and then all was hushed. Packing up my artistic traps, I wondered at the non-appearance of the old custodian or his wife. Had these antediluvians forgotten the hour, or why did they not keep tryst? What a time to sleep in! Ruined rafters, rats, and rubbish. And where would be the evening table d'hôte! Or were the rats to make a table d'hôte of me? Ugh! Sitting down on the stone recess, these questions kept pre- senting themselves with ever-increasing per- tinacity. So time wore on, and still no cus- todian! Mariana's plaint, "He cometh not, I am aweary," became also mine in a very determined sense. Dropping a pencil, while stooping to recover it something among the rubbish caught my attention from its familiar shape. Picking it up, it proved to be a rusty glacier nail, such as Alpine men sometimes carry loose in their pockets—one which can be readily screwed into the sole of a boot when occasion requires. Looking further, we found four or five others, and shreads that looked like pieces of paper torn from a pocket-book. The soiled and mutilated leaves had evidently formed part of a pocket diary, pre- sumably—from internal evidence and minor peculiarities—belonging to an American travelling in Europe. Many of them were destroyed beyond recall, others existed only in portions, many appeared to have been gnawed by rats, and the leather covers, which doubtless might have had some name inscribed on them, were quite gone, only the metallic edging or binding remaining. Placing some of the torn fragments together, sentences of startling pathos, of deep subdued emotion, and bursts of lofty passionate expression awoke my keenest interest. They were evidently the written thoughts of one who had sustained an irreparable bereavement, whether of fiancée or wife was not quite clear, though allusions here and there indicated the youth of the writer. Also, it was apparent that the writer was travelling alone, without settled aim, unless it was to alleviate the poignancy of a deeply rooted sorrow. Then other fragments seem to imply some strange imprisonment, and others connected it evidently with the place wherein I stood. All this aroused and excited my imagination without afford- ing any clue. In some greatly-defaced passages the approach of death was regarded with almost triumphal expectancy, and yet throughout was a connecting thread which seemed to ally this event with the old keep of the Counts of Kyburgh. Other passages, or rather portions of such, indicated a shrink- ing from the possibility that his fate might never become known, or that his end might be wrongly attributed to some cause within the control of the writer. There was also an appreciable difference in the writing— though written in pencil—and in the want of coherence and lucidity in those portions which appeared to have been the last written. It was all very strange and inexplicable, and I gazed at the bare grey walls around, and out of the rugged cavity which was the only outlet into empty space, until the intense silence became strangely oppressive. . . . . . "I saw last night (so the last portion of the manuscript ran) a light shine on me from your face sweet. It was fairer than the light of setting suns. I felt my cheek swept by the dark tresses of your hair, as by an angel's wing, and I put out my hand to grasp your own, and your breath came quick and warm across my forehead as though it were quite close. . . . Ah! ever in thy place I see a shadow rise, but there came no more the words you never left unsaid, and now the weary waiting is past. Strange that death should come in this guise I, who would have rushed as to an open door . . . . They say that when the lamp of life is wearing low, the earthly clouds that separate the seen from the unseen fade away, and as matter dies off from that which has been fettered and imprisoned by its earthly tene- ment, we see with other, larger eyes than erewhile. . . . I feel that it is so. Things that were formerly strange, and thoughts that could not be followed in their upward flight to the heights to which they pointed, are now quite clear. The mental sight is as that of one who had been partially blind and could now see, not as before, through a glass darkly; and to this is superadded a heart- sight—more penetrating than any intellectual insight—which makes all plain. And to this enlarged horizon there is no limit, and such terms as natural and supernatural have no longer any meaning. . . . We never see the stars till we can see nought but them. When I look down into the soul's depths, and see reflected there that which is more than life—the mysteries of being, the wondrous alchemy, which is even now evolving something which has nothing in common with the life men love to live, as counted by heart-beats or by years, yet not less real to the sublimated intelligence than the material processes of that which men call nature—seeing no farther. Human love and truth are more than dying nature's earth and dust, and though we see not as with those, the tracts by which these lower ends move onward, yet immortal instincts within make me know that we shall together breathe an ampler day. The great hills and solid plains are but shadows which dissolve and melt into new and other forms, like clouds that shape themselves and go, and well know I when these links of time have done with change that we shall meet again. . . . The heart listens, and memory like a cloudless air is full of thoughts of thee— thy calm spirit and fair thoughtful brow is ever nearer than before. Ah, the long ache of parted pain, the fruitless striving to bridge over the hideous chasm which make life but a waking dream. 'Tis we who are shadows, ghosts, passing on to join the innumerable crowd gone before to the living land— land of the great departed. . . . We play fool's-play no longer, a brief vigil to be soon out-watched, and then this hour-girt life is past . . . Men have spoken of the rest associated with the thought of Death—how, with white- opened arms, also whispers Peace. Her heart, though cold, cannot be colder much than man's. Death, the last, best, gift of all! the crown of life. God loves those who suffer, doing no wrong, and Time, the equal-handed, levels all. Sometimes I know not whether it is Sleep or Death, like in the old Greek sculptures Sleep and Death are almost indistinguishable, being both of them winged youths, sad of aspect, and carrying an inverted torch, so that only when the genius carries a sword are we sure that it is really Death. . . . and he is here, and I rest in his hand, soothed by his touch, like a young bird, and, motionless, dreadless— fluttering no longer, but silent, passive, and expectant, knowing that I shall see again those unforgotten eyes re-risen from the dark of death, and that thou waitest for me beyond the pale of azure that comes my imperfect vision." I drew a deep inspiration after reading these fragments, which seemed to come like a message from the sea when all is lost, or from one dying in the bush, alone with night and silence, far from man, and pondered long on the gravity of the situation alone in the gathering darkness, for the sun had disappeared, leaving that after gloom—the Alp- gluhen—on the distant peaks, which is so singular, and so unearthly beautiful; and that was now dying off the distant snows, leaving a pale ghostly reflection quite in harmony with the time and place. Had the aged custodian forgotten me utterly? what was to be the issue of it? were questions that kept pressing without the slightest clue to any practicable solution of them. No sound can possibly reach below. No one will ever know or even guess the secret of my strange disappearance. Do these pencilled fragments refer to some former tra- veller who has been a victim to the same singular misadventure? Is the custodian but a grim ogre in disguise, who entrap the unwary to their fate? The thought of the old, simple, guileless, man's honest face banished the suspicion. All the speculation went on in the fading light, when another more terrible presented itself. Are all these great holes around the edge of the ruined floor tenanted by rats, modern or mediæval? Or are they only the unassisted work of time'? All kinds of long- forgotten stories came thick and fast to memory about the ferocity of these creatures when in numbers. One in particular, which happened long ago in a remote hamlet in the South of England. An officer in the Bengal civil service had visited the village where he had spent part of his boyish days, and he had occupied himself in making a water-colour drawing of the interior of the old village church across the fields, when late in the day the old sexton, who was growing very deaf, quietly turned the key and went home, forgetting that there was anyone within. The next day the stranger was found dead within the church, and also greatly disfigured and mutilated by rats, which were known to abound in the ancient building. However, as time sped on I was not left in any doubt on this subject. First one and then another of these repulsive creatures made their appearance on the scene, until in a short time there was a small legion of them. Then, as I watched them from my turret, they began to run heats across the great floor, then a race all round, some grey old patriarchal ones of enormous dimensions, which might have traced their ancestry back to the time of the Count of Kyburgh, remaining in the centre of of the room, hopping about like kangaroos on the Wimmera plains. Presently they all broke into a kind of "Go-as-you-please" race, round and round, rushing past my turret cell like autumn leaves swept by a keen north-easter. This was all very hor- rible. I could give no analysis of my feelings during the performance! Suddenly the moon, which until then had been partially obscured, shone out with great splendour, throwing a flood of brilliant light right across the vast floor so startlingly that the whole army of vermin dis- appeared as if by magic in a stampede of groundless alarm. There are moments when inaction, during times of emergency, is the hardest of all things to bear. There is nothing to equal it in sensation. Although I knew it would be useless, the impulse came upon me to seize one of the great pieces of loose rafter, and to rain a shower of blows on the heavily mailed door in the vague hope that the sound might reverberate below. No sooner the thought than it has put into action, but the result passes description. A loud prolonged, demoniac howl from one of the other three turrets, which were closed and strongly barred and cemented up, curdled my blood, and I dropped my improvised club as though it had been hot iron. This fearful screech was followed by a similar one from the second turret, and immediately taken up by the remaining one. Then followed a chorus of hideous sounds and shrieks, howls, blasphemous curses in a kind of German patrois, each turret seeming to vie with the other in the production of the most strange and horrible sounds, unlike anything apart of Dante's Inferno. I sat down on a big log and pondered. Here I, who had always dis- believed in spirit-rapping, had raised a crop of diabolical spirits at the first essay, spirits, too, that I was unable to lay. Was this a penalty for my scepticism? What did it all mean? Was I in some enchanted castle supposed to have no existence but in story- books? A feeling of faintness succeeded, for I had been fasting a long time, after which I remember only that I was falling down the bottomless shaft of some mine towards the earth's centre—falling, ever falling, around me rats in showers falling also, down, still down, ever downwards. "Some more water, frau. See, he is recovering," was the first exclamation I heard as I slowly opened my eyes and saw the old custodian and his wife, with lanterns, standing beside me. Soon recovering, I learned, as I suspected, that the old people had quite forgotten the circumstance of any one being up there, but, awaking in the night, had suddenly remembered it, and had hastened immediately to my succour. I looked inter- rogatively towards the three turrets, and they both smiled ingenuously at my recital. There is comparatively little crime in Switzerland, and ordinary prisoners are employed on the roads under supervision. But there is a great antipathy throughout the Swiss Feda- ration to capital punishment, and such male- factors are closely secured in solitary confinement in various strongholds. It was explained to me that each of these three cells contained a prisoner confined there for serious crimes, to whom food was conveyed by a separate, isolated staircase within each of the corner towers from below, and that they had, doubtless, on hearing my unusual noise, set up, either in wonder or alarm, or perhaps in mere devilry, the hideous chorus which seemed so inexplicable. As we were about to descend from this never to-be- forgotten place, one of them, recognising the voices of the custodian and his wife, began apostrophising them in not very choice terms, coupled with a demand for something I understood to be low German for "baccy," at which the old woman laughed and shook her head with a gesture that plainly meant "don't you wish you may get it." But the romance of the unknown traveller and the fragmentary leaves of the mutilated pocket- book remains unsolved to this day. They could tell me nothing, and I afterwards learned that old as they were they had not long replaced a yet more aged custodian and his wife, both of whom had since died, and with them any knowledge that could have served to unravel the mystery. The watchman was chanting a distich in old German, telling the hour of the night, and the weather—a custom still kept up in many old-world continental towns—as I descended the last flight of steps into the Platz and sought my hotel, to which I soon obtained admission. The next day, as the express train for Paris steamed slowly out of the station, I cast an upward glance to the grim keep on the hill above, and though I have several times revisited Switzerland, I have never again seen Thun, or the castle of the old Counts of Kyburgh. 