A Destructive Storm Predicted. Tim American papers contain the text of the following message'to President Arthur, from Professor E. Stone Wiggins, L.L.D., astronomer of the Canadian Finance De partment :— ?' Ottawa, 27th of November, 1 882. To his Excellency President Arthur. jresiaentoi uio uniica nrau», woaaing ton.— May it please your Excellency, — On 23rd September last J announced through the Canadian press that a great storm would occur in March next ; that it would first be felt in tho Northern Pacific, would appear in the Gulf of Mexico on the night nf the 9th, and being deflected by tho Itncky Mountains, would cross this meridian from the west on noon of Sunday, 11th March, 1 883. No vessel, whatever her dimensions, will bo safe out of harbor, and none of small tonnage can hope to survive the tidal wavo and the fury of this tempest. As the wind will blow from the south-oast, the nlnnntnrvfnrrawillhn fmflieifinttn flllbmnrffo tho low lands of the American coBt, especi ally those bordering on the Gulf of Moxico,* and washed by the Gulf Stream, while the air ciirronte for several hunirud miles along tho oast side of tho Rocky Mountain Range, owing to tho great atmospheric pressure in those regions, will spread universal destruc tion. Tho Now England States will also Buffer Bevcroly from tho wind and floods. No point outside of harbor in tho whole area of tho Atlantic, especially north of the equator, will bo a place of safety, for this will bo pre-eminently tho greatest storm' that has visited this continent sinco tho days of your illustrious first President. In view nf thii event,, therefore, I tako the great liberty of representing to your Ex cellency tho advisability of ordoring all United States' ships into safe harbors not later than 5th of March, till this storm bo passed.' A magisterial inquiry was held at Kiandra mi Monday on the bndy of an old limn, named Edward Shinnick, who ilro|-p--d dead on Saturday night. Tho jury fi.und tlint death had been caused by heart disease, accelerated by over exertion. On 9ih instil!!). » young man named John Fox, About nineteen years nf ago, in the employ of Mr. Collelt, of Murray's Flats, nna niiui»Liii^ lit it binuo niiuii hue gun iruinii and badly shattered his left hand. The wound w.ir temporarily bound up, and tho patient at onco drivon to Goulburn in a buggy. Be was attended to by Dr. David- | son, and the injury was such as to necessi- ' tatc the amputation of thn first joint of the - forefinger, while there was a large wound partly sojwratint; the thumb from the fore finger. l''ox had lost much blood and wan very weak in consequence, but it is to bu hoped ho will recovor without further mis chance. — Goulbiirn Herald. Smns of the eccentricities of inonVrn adulteration (says the Now York Medici! Record) are delicately disclosed to the enm momvoalth nf consumers hy a contemporary Gorinau satirist, in tho following neat Halo , fablo : — 'There were onco four UieH, and j nsit hnpponod, they irero hungry niiciixirii- I ing. The first Buttled upon a saiisago of ? singularly appetising appeaiar.cp, and maile. ' hearty meal. But ho speedily died of in- j testinal inflammation, for the sausage was adulterated with liiline. The second 11 y breakfasted upon Hour and forthwith puc cumbed to contraction of the stomach owing to the inordinate qunntitv of alum with which the flour had hucn adulterateil. The third fly wan slaking his thirst with the contents of tho tnilk jug, when violent cramps suddenly convulsed his frame, and ho Boon aava up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration. Seeing thisr tho fourth fly muttering to himself, 'The sooner it's over, the snonor to sleep,' alighted upon a mois tened shout of paper exhibiting tho coun terfeit presentment uf a death's head, and the inscription 'Fly Poison.' Applying the tip of his proboscis to Hi is device, the fourth fly drank to his heart's content, growing innrc vigorous ana cncavnti ;u overy uioumi f ill, although expectant of his end. But he did not die. On tho contrary, ho throve and waxc 1 fat. You see evon tho fly poison was adulterated !' FtOMIBE 1 — FOB THE TlilOTI AND BlH.ATH. — Afowdropsof tho liquid 'Florilinc' Bjirinklod on a wet teoth-bmsli produces a pleasant lather, which thoruujrhly cleanses the teeth from all parasites ur impurities, hardens the giunx, prevonts tdrtur, stops decay, gives In the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a duliglitfnl fragrance to tho broath. It removes all lbiploasantodourariding from decayed t«eth or tobacco etuoko. 'The Fragrant Floriline,' being- composed in part of Honey aud swoct herbs, is delicious tu the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the ago. Trice 2s. fid., of all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to J3, iarrmgdou Koad, Lon don. 1138 Aimer, to Momniis ! — Aro you broken in your rest by a sick child Buffering with tho ]-aiu of cutting tooth i (jo at onco to a chemist and get a bottle of Hns. Wikslow's Soothino Svnnr. It will roliovo tho poor sufferer im modiately. It is perfoctly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet ftlccn, by relieving the child from pain, aud the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button.' It BOOthcs tho child, it softens tho gum?, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, nud is tho beat known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from tcuthius;' or other causes, lira. Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicino dealers everywhere nt 1b. 1^1. per bottle. 1138 Valuable Discovunv fob Tin! ELun. — If your liair is turning grey or white, or falling oft, use ' Tho Mexican Hair Ronewer,' for it will potitirrly restore in nmj axr Omj or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most 'Restorers. ' It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of tho hair on bald upots, where the glands aro not decayed. Ask your Chemist for 'Tim Mexican HubRi newer,' sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. fid. per Bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 33, Farringdon Road, Lon don. 1138 THEOAT AfFEOIIOXS AND HoADSENESS. — All sniftering from irritation of tho throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surmised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of ' Brown's Bronchial Troches.' These famous 'lozengeB' arp now sold by most respectable chonutsts in this coimtrj' at Is. l£d. per box. Peoplo troubled with a 'hacking cough,' a 'ehghtould,' or bronchial affections, cannot try thorn too soon, as similar troubles, if Jlowcd to progress, result in serious Pulmou uy and Asthmatic affections. Soe that the words 'Urown's Bronchial Troches' are on the GoTemincut Stamp around oach box. — Prepared by John I. Beows & Soss, Boston, U.S. European depot removed to 33, Farring don Road. London. '' 1138 TOWLE'S PENNYROrAL AND STEEL PILLS FOR FEMALES quickly correct all rrcgrularitiee, and lt:Hove the distressing symp toms so prevalent with the sex. Boies, Is. 1 Jd. and 2s. Sd., of oil Ohemists. Sole Proprietors —The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drag Co., Lincoln, England. Agents for Sydney — Elliott Brothers and Co., Wholesale Druggists ; W. H. Soul, Pitt-street; Jpiui Wateon, chomiBt. SUFFEBEBS TOOK WlXB ON THE SlOXACR, ln digestion, Gostivcnoss, Giddiness, Sick Head ache, Heartburn, Disturbed Sloop, Palpita tion of the Heart, Colic, Ape, Biliousness, Liver Complaints, skin Brupbons, &c.;, should lose no timo in availing themBolvcs of thatmort excellent medicine-' PAGE WOODCOCK'S WIND PiZiLS, ' Whid for 30 years has held the first place in tho world as an effectual antidote to tho abore ana all complaints arising from a disordered state of tho stomach, bowels, or liver. Tonic, invigorating and purifying, they form the best remedy extant. Sold by all Medicine Vendors in boxes at Is. Ijd., 2s 9d., tnd 4s. 6d- each, proprietor ; Page D. Wood took, Lincoln, England £78 