The Osborne Heresy Case. The District Meeting was continued at the York-street Wesleyan Church on the 19th instant and again on the 20th instant, when the inquiry respecting the charge of heresy against the Rev. J. Osborne was continued. On the first of these duties, before enter ing 'on the inquiry attention was called, as a matter of privilege, to the reported proceedings of the meeting whioh had appeared in thc daily papers. The unfortunate writers or inspirers of these reports^ whom no one seemed to know, were rather severely handled for their ' unbrotherly ' and ' dishonourable '' conduct. Several ministers expressed strong indignation that any member or members of the meeting should act so unworthily as to convey to tho secular press reports of the proceedings 'before the settlement of the whole case. The reports which had been published were unsparingly condemned as unfaithful. A resolution was then moved and seconded, charging the writers or inspirers of tbe said reports with a breach of privilege. This endeavour to coerce the independence and liberty of individual members of the meeting was very warmly re sisted, and one gentleman protested that he would not b9 brought into bondage by any such Star Chamber attempt. This expression was subsequently withdrawn. The resolu tion, however, was ultimately passed by a large majority. On the motion of the Rev. G. Hurst, it was then resolved, — ' That a full report of the proceedings, con taining the entire evidence, with the findings of tha meeting, be published in the daily papers at the close of the case.' The meeting then proceeded to take evidence on the remaining charges, viz., ' General moia ? of preaching ' and ' Ministerial conduct in the circuit.' On the first of these charges, evidence was given by tha Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, who stated that he had heard Mr. Osborne's sermon on Buddhism, and felt deeply p lined as he left tbe church at the almost entire absence of Methodist doctrine throughout the discourse. The Rev. G. Hurst, who had heard Mr. Osborne on several occasions, described what to him appeared objectionable peculiarities in his style of preaching. Regarding Mr. Osborne's ministerial con duct in the circuit, evidence was received by letter aud by oral testimony, but waa not regarded as implying any imng serious, xms compieteu tue evidence in tne case. Mr. Osborne then addressed the meeting at considerable length in his defence. He spoke with great self-possession, clearness, and force, and was listened to throughout with marked attention, lie commenced by stating his belief in all the cardinal truths of Christianity. In referring to his sermon on Roman Catholicism, he repeated what he had before said, that his purpose on that occasion was honestly and fearlessly to exhibit the excellencies and faults of the system. He pointed out that nothing he had then uttered on some of the excellencies of this system was half so broad or forcible as passages to be found in the writings of Wesley on the same subject. Two or three of these passages he read. He maintained that his teaching in that sermon on Romanism was not at variance with the standards of the Methodist Church. While he felt that his motives were -pure and honoet in striving thus to do men good, and especially to be useful to Boman Catholics, he could not retract anything he had said on the subject. He had come to the York-street Church with no other purpose than to preach Christ and Christianity, and he was determined, should it be the will of his brethren to give him the oppor tunity, to continue to do so with all his might. He had already been *gi eat ly encouraged in his work in the city, and sincerely hoped nothing would occur to interrupt him in this work. Mr. Osborne then retired from the meeting, that his presence might in no way embarrass the decision. After long and careful consideration, tbe following resolutions ware passed : 'That after hearing Mr. Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in his atonement for sin by His death, in the Deity of the Holy Ghost, in the plenarj inspiration of tho Holy Scriptures, and in the efficacy of prayer, having heard also his declaration of sincere attachment to Methodist doctrine generally as embodied in our acknowledged stand ards, we cordially accept his statements as full and satis tory. At the same time we regret that his method of pre senting these truths is at times so inexact as to produce the impression on the mindB ot some that he is erroneous in doctrine. 2. In reference to the sermon delivered in 1he York-street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, 1883, on Boman Catholicism, we are convinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in thc doctrines of Protestantism as held by tlie Methodist Church. Yet from the evidence we sra satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so unguarded in his statements as to appear to advance doc trines not in harmony with our standards. 3. That th* president communicate the foregoing resolutions to Mr. Osborne.' 