ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THE GHOST.) June 23. As the time approaches when the halls of our Legislature are once more to re- sound to the eloquence of the chosen of the people, honourable members are again beginning to be soon at their accustomed haunts. They have not been much on view lately, and excepting on Wednes- days, which have been seot apart by Min- isters as sacred to deputations, when they are kept on the tramp, running from one Government office to another introducing constituents and influential local busy bodies, the pavement of Bourke and Col lins streets has not boon much worn by legislative footsteps. To those who merely see the surface of the political world, the present aspect of affairs would lead to the impression that the Government are destined to have a long tenure of power. To others, how ever, who look deeper, there are not wanting indications leading to the con- clusion that the numbers of those who have sworn fealty to the Service-Berry combination are quite ready to be relieved of their obligation, and will cast off the yoke-a galling one to many of them- on the first favourable opportunity that presents itself. Men who have served as officers do not as a rule relish having to accept the position of rank and file, and in the phalanx that backs the Ministry there are too many of this class to whom their present subordinate position must be gall and wormwood. Is Mr. Richardson, for instance, pleased at the prospect of having to sit out in the cold for an indefinite period? Does not the mighty soul of Mirams possess itself in unrest at the thought of the body that forms its habitation finding a resting place on the Government cross benches? And is " the Major," the personal friend and political fides achates of the Chief Secretary, amicably disposed towards his late chief for preferring Deakin and Langridge and Tucker 1 Above all, is Patterson ready loyally to accept the situation 7 When all these questions can be replied to in the affirmative the Government will be out of danger. At present though the cry may be "Peace," there is no peace. The quiet is that of the volcano, which, when its internal bones have gathered sufficient strength, is certain, as our American cousins would say, to " erupt." If, however, there is little apparent activity in the political world, the mining world is showing a large amount of vitality. Sandhurst and Ballarat stocks, even in the old established and favourite claims, are neglected it is true, but a now field has been discovered in the least known part of Victoria that has infused new life into speculators. The Dark river district is now the cynosure of all mining eyes. Its reefs are of fabulous richness and size, only requiring tihe erection of proper machinery to give large fortunes to the lucky shareholders. This Tom Tiddler's ground is sufficiently distant and suffi- ciently inaccessible to invest it with a sort of mystery, and bring the old pro- verb, " omne ignotunm pro nu?glnfico" to mind. You see the ancients were evi dently of the same opinion as the be nighted moderns, who allege that "the devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't know." We evidently prefer new friends to old ones. People are talking of the case of the Italian Napoli, who, incarcerated two years ago to await his trial for a grave offence, was found to be insane and has been detained in gaol and in a lunatic asylum I" during his Excellency's plea sure." Last week he was supposed to be sufficiently recovered to plead, and was accordingly brought into court. But the doctors still averred tihe mn:su was mad, and judge and jury concurring, Napoli was sent back to his cell. The question is being asked why he was brought out of it. The authorities in Italy are willing to receive the unfortunate fellow. Would it not be wise on the combined ground of humanity and economy to comply with the request ? Mrs. Hampson, the lady Evangelist, has been the sensation of the week. The Town Hall has nightly been crowded from floor to. coiling to listen to the eloquent preacher, and her midday ministrations have filled the hall of the Young Men's Christian Association with overflowing audiences. She has quite "cut out" even the pot parsons of our most aris- tocratic suburbs, who must, if clergymen ever indulge in such weakness, feel rather envious at ther immense success. Mrs. Hampson owes nothing to art; she relies entirely on Nature. And sooth to say, Nature has been kind to the lady. She has a commanding pro sence-is in fast what thle French would style un belie femme, and is endowed with a strong, clear, and resonant voice. She throws a large amount of earnestness into her work, and heroin no doubt lies the main secret of her attraction. At each of the services numbers of persons publicly avow their conversion, won over by the persuasive eloquence of the preacher, for in addition to her other gifts Mrs. Hampson undoubtedly pos- sesses that of oratory. Her advent in Melbourne is nothing if it be not the signal for a great religious revival. Annexation, federation, and explora- tion are subjects just, now all receiving attention. The two first have been so "threshed out"-which is a synonym for " worried to death"-by the Press, that there is little or nothing left to write about in connection with them. The exploration of New Guinea to be undertaken at the instance and at the expense of the Age is likely to prove interesting. Mr. Ernest Morrison, who heads the exploring party, is a raconteur:of no mean capacity, and when he publishes his account of "Ye Customs and Manners of ye Natives," will-contrary to the wont of some authors-present us with something worth reading. The stupid prophecies anent impending commercial failures not having been ful- filled, the authors of the silly and wicked reports have been compelled to explain them away. This they do by stating that "the creditors of the firms imply- cated have agreed to. allow them an ex- tension of- time." They would have done.far, better had they had the manli- ness to say that they had been spreading untruths — dealing cowardly stabs in the dark — and for the sake of awakening a little curiosity had descended to write lies. In default of their doing this them- selves, others will do it for them. There is every probability of the exhi- bition of Australian products, which Mr. Twopeny is getting up "entirely in the interests of the colony — and of course utterly regardless of any pecuniary ad- vantages that may accrue to himself proving a great success. The councillors of the Shire of Newhram have expressed their unqualified approval of the scheme, and have signified this to the world at large, through the medium of a circular. This should settle the question. Many persons will, doubtless, ask where is the Shire of Newham ? They will, by consult in, the latest Victorian Gazetteer, dis- cover that it is a "Shire situated at the head of the Saltwater river." In regard to matters theatrical there is not much to chronicle. Miss Jenny Watt Tanner is ill, and her place has been admirably filled by that promising young actress. Miss Maggie Knight. Miss Pomeroy has made her appearance as some of Shakespearo's heroines, which parts suit her.'infinitoly better than do any in the modern comedies in which slce has been seen. Mr. Cates is ably sup porting Wybert Reeve in "Diplomacy," which piece the public are at last begin ning to appreciate, and G. Rignold still continues to fret and foam hia.little hour on the boards of the Royal. 