CORRESPONDENCE. TO CORRESPONDENTS. " Ignoramus."—1. Matins are the earliest of the canonical hours of prayer in the Roman Catholic Church. The canonical hours are the seven hours of prayer observed, it is said, by the Catholic Church since the fifth century, chiefly in monasteries. The number seems before that time to have varied, although some peculiar seasons of the day and night were always set apart for this observance. They became finally fixed at seven by the rule of St. Benedict. These hours are termed, in the language of the Latin Church, matins, prima, tertia, nona, vespers, completa or completorium, which last takes place at midnight. 2. Ember Days, in the Romish calendar, are certain fasts appointed by Pope Calixtus for imploring the blessings of the Almighty on the fruits of the earth, and upon the ordinations performed in the Church at these times. They occur four times a year, or once in each of the four seasons; being the Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday after the first Sunday in Lent, after the Feast of Pentecost or Whitsunday, after the festival of Holy Cross on the 14th of September, and after the festival of St. Lucia on the 13th of December. The weeks in which the ember days fall are called ember weeks. The word "embers" signifies ashes, which the primitive Christians strewed on their heads at these solemn feasts. " Fisherman" has not sent us his real name. "H."—To exterminate beetles—1. Place a few lumps of unslaked lime where they frequent. 2\. Set a dish or trap containing a little beer or syrup at the bottom, and place a few sticks slanting against its sides so as to form a sort of gangway for the beetles to climb up by, when they will go headlong into the bait set for them, 3. Mix equal weights of red lead, sugar, and flour, and place it nightly near their haunts. "Far North" writes:—"Since the appearance of 'Littlefoot's' letter in reference to public teachers' holidays I have been waiting for some abler pen than mine to take the matter up. I think it would be a graceful act on the part of the Government to give such a class of public servants as the public school teachers, whose work is so wearisome and monotonous, a free pass on the railways of the colony during the Christmas holidays. This would be especially appreciated by those up-country teachers with small salaries who are compelled to weigh the question whether it would be better to stay at home during the holidays or go to the expense of a railway trip, and the much-needed recreation which it would bring." "T. Whitchurch."—Your question was answered in the Register of December 6. " K."—Your letter would be useless without your own name. " M. Harris, Jun."—1. A player has no right to touch them. 2. He is not allowed. "J. N. B." writes:—"I have to thank you for your remedy for ants suggested in answers to correspondents, i e., fine sand. A more simple and effective remedy could not be conceived. With less than half a bucketful of sand we have completely exterminated a colony of ants in a garden path with twenty-two holes. I had previously tried many remedies without effect." " A Debtor" has not sent his name. "Thompson's Ghost."—If you will write in your own name we will publish your letter; but unless accompanied with your name your statements would carry no weight, and will not help to the true solution of the question. " A Lover of Fairplay" asks why it is the South Australian Cricketing Association have refused the junior team who are going to Melbourne a practice pitch on the Adelaide Oval when they offered to pay for it. He writes—"Is it because they are afraid they might eclipse the last brilliant score our seniors made in the intercolonial match in Melbourne? How do they expect senior cricket to improve when they do not encourage the juniors?" " H. G., Dry Creek."—We shall not be able to use the verses. "J. Hains."—Yes, he could go alone, but he could not make it the suit his partner turned down. "J. L."—The Bill has not yet been passed, several amendments made by the Council having to be submitted to the House of Assembly. " J. Moorhouse" writes:—" In your issue to-day I was pleased to see a paragraph stating that two iguanas had been caught eating a hare. I hope they were not interfered with. I should think it would be wise if our rulers would preserve iguanas (large ones). I have seen them eat a rabbit; they will kill opossums and rabbits. I consider the ranges in the North are kept clear(a very great deal) of rabbits, for not many rabbits are to be found in timber country where iguanas are plentiful. I hope to see iguanas preserved as rabbit destroyers." "Disgust" writes:—"I am pleased to see that attention is drawn in your issue of to-day to the great damage caused to trees by the careless burning of grass by the Government officials. On the Port line of railway many of the trees are most seriously burnt, and injury is caused, which cannot in some cases ever be repaired. It is an atrocious shame that tall and handsome trees should by ruthless carelessness be destroyed in this wanton fashion. How many hundreds of them suffer in like manner? It is to be hoped that in future greater care will be taken, and public property better preserved than it has been in this respect." "Regulatio" writes:—" Several of your correspondents have called attention to the fact that Model Schools have four, while all other Government schools have three weeks' holiday at Christmas. The injustice resulting from each exquisite management on the part of our infallible departmental magnate has also been shown, and the question has been asked—" Should not the Minister of Education at once rectify this anomaly?' But, Sir, can he? It is one of the regulations. Is it the work of the Minister to rescind some regulations and supply new ones? Is it not rather the work of the Parliament to make laws, and the duty of the Minister to see them fully and honestly carried out? If so, the Minister has not the power, though he may have the will, to do this handsome piece of justice to the hardworked public teacher. Doubtless the Minister would grant (specially) an extra week to any poor brainweary teacher who would officially ask for it, and show cause, if only the Inspector General could be got to see with the same focus." "F. M. P."—1. Yes; it would be a drawn game. 2\. At chess a draw occurs where neither side can checkmate. A stalemate ensues when the side, whose turn it is to play, has no legitimate move left 3\. Yes. " One of Them" writes" I am sure the country teachers feel gratified that you bare urged the justice of giving them same holidays as those of Model Schools. It must be plain to every one that a teacher who has five and sometimes six classes to teach without assistance needs the recreation as much, if not more than, those gentlemen who have so much help." "AnxiousEnquirer, Clare."—1. They are private marks used in the office. 2. The word means that the wording of the original message has been fol lowed, though there 1b reason for thinking that it is Incorrect. S. The half stands for a child. 4. Yes. "C. B."—The Melbourne mint does; but we are not sure about the Sydney. We cannot give you the " Anxious to Know."—Our flies are at your dis posal. We cannot spare the time "P. t. B."—1. No. 2. Yes. "Bod Salt "—On the discovery of indications of copper or other minerals (not being auriferous) on Crovrn lands, a mineral licence can hie obtained for the land on which the discovery is made. The licence gives the applicant the sole right of search over eighty acres of land for twelve months, on pay ment of a fee of £1, with the condition, however, that only one ton of ore can be removed for samples and analysis. No person can hold more than 640 acres under mineral licences. Mineral leases are granted for a term of ninety-nine years, at a mini mum rental of Is. per acre, subject in addition to a royalty of 2} per cent, on net profits derived from the leases, ana for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of such additional rent or royalty the lessee is required to forward half-yearly returns certifying to the amount of profit realized, and the Commissioner can have access to all account books and documents relating to the leases if he wishes to verify the returns, the penalties for false returns being from £60 to £600. The lessee has to expend £6 per acre every two years in developing his lease, or, at his hption, keep three men employed for every eighty acres during nine months in each year. " C. D."—It is not compulsory on the District Council to appoint such an Inspector. If you think one is required in the district you should present a memorial from the ratepayers to the Council, aud if they should then fail to act in the mattor com municate with the Central Board of Health. " Experientia," referring to the reading-mom of the S.A. Institute, suggests that the loose papers should be kept stacked at the ends of the table on which they are placed, and that readers he requested to replace them, when they have finished with them: or secondly, that.a set of pigeon-holes he obtained, and the papers be folded and placed in them, each pigeonhole bearing the name of the paper which it contains. " One Who Does not Know."—We are sorry we cannot oblige you. Apply to the contractor. "B. A. B."—1. Liverpool is a city. 2. Marwood is dead. . "John Hains."—P cannot order him down, but if B chose, he could go alone. " The Joker."—Is it desirable to sow the seeds of discord ? "Scribe" writesChristmas is at hand, and I do not see any advertisements announcing excur sion fares to Melbourne. Holiday keepers will want to know speedily, so as to make arrange ments." "George Haines, Eden Valley," and "AParent who did not attend the Meeting."—You had better forward your letters on to the Inspector-General of Schools or to the Minister oi Education. We will do so for you if you desire. " Coonalpyn" has not sent her name. "F. Heymond."—Yes. In Mr. Charles Todd's letter on the Pons-Brooks Comet which was published in Thursday's Rejister the word " north, indicating the direction in which the comet was moving, should have read "south." " D. B. U. H."—The fowls referred to would he what is known as a Brahma cross. Barndoor fowls are understood to be those in which the original breed has been lost amongst the subsequent crosses —in fact, mongrels. " Visitor."—The date on which theExhibition will be closed has not yet been fixed. The fares to Calcutta are— flrBt-class return, sixty guineas; single, forty guineas; second-class return, forty guineas; and single, tweDty-five guineas. " Tbeo. H. Bobin."—The subject of the essay is "The Australasian Colonies: their history and pre sent Position ; geographical, political, and commer cial.'' -• 