'V MOUNT'S BAY FISHWOMEN. The fiahermen of Mount's Bay, Cornwall, are a hBrd-working, courageous raco. Inured from their oarlieat years to toil and danger, tlioy are robust and self-reliant. During the early aum- inef and autumn they pursue thoir calling on their own eeae, arid at other seasons are found in 1 irge numbers on the Irish and Scotch coasts. They bring to their work great enthusiasm and patience, and are distinguished, boili at home and abroad, by sobriely, love of the S-rbbaih, and earnest religious feeling. Tiiey often suffer much privation, but this is borne wi'lr nobility nnd without complaint. Indepd, we have often known them to endure hardships silently, which, h.id they been the lot of tho population of some of our manufacturing districts, would have otnsed a wail of anguish to ring through the land.. , Few, save those who live amongst them, know how great are their toils and struggles, or how nobly they ere sustained. In these they are I irgely encouraged and helped by their wives "a'-rd daughters, who are true helpers to the brave fiihermeo. These women realise a higher ideal than '.that of Kingsley's well known song. Certain it is tbe " men must work," and work hard aud painfully, slid often with little result ; but the women do better than " weep" — they ;work with sod for the men, aud a fisherman's wife is his right hand. She- keeps for him a cheerful, if poor home, knits bis stockings, -braids his' nets, sells bis fish, and is, to the utmost .-.of her power, a careful mother of his bhildreri; and a faithful wife and friend to him self. By her attention and energy she sweetens and rewards his labour, and makes the lowly cot tage in which he lives to be for him the sweetest, dearest, spot in all the earth. At early morning loug rows of these toilers may be seen with heavily-weighted basket (or aa it is called locally, "cowal") borne on their backs, depending from the wiae strap worn over the felt hat, weirding their way to Penzance and the neighbouring villages to sell tbe results of the night's fishing. Their loads are great, but their countenances are cheerful, and it has often seemed to us that the heavier the load the lighter are their hearts. Accustomed to rise early, so as to prepare food for their husbands, and to meet the boats ou their return from the fishing stations, they think of nothing save the euccess which has been gained. Some of them walk many miles during the day with their heavy baskets, and yet contrive to be at homo in the afternoon to send their " man" with a cheer ful God-speed and a bright smile to his nightly toil. During the pilchard season in autumn and early winter their duties Bre increased by having to " bulk" and salt the pilchards. ThiB they do either in the large seine cellars, or in their own Braaller ones. It is marvellous to see the rapid dexterity with which they handle and build up these fish, in wide rows, until they form a well- arranged: wall. In common with their Irish kinsfolk, they are distinguished by chastity in marriage life and intense love of home. ' Sunday is a great day to the fishing population; Then the women all appear plainly but neatly dressed, and few sights are more pleasant than to see them crowding ' their accustomed places of worship. Well do we remember on many occasions how the long rows of esrueBt worshippers, the men in their well- oared-for blue coaiB and the women in their neat attire, have- delighted and stimulated us when conducting their services. . Circumstances both of race and condition have tended to nurture in men and women a Btrong poetic instinct. The Bible is their delight. As a consequence many of the men are natural orators, and have vivid powers both of conception and expression. i Although for the most part plainly and oven poorly furnished, the tact and care of the fish- women of Mount's Bay make their homes attractive. Spile of hard occupation, they have a natural grace which would not deacredit their more highly favoured sisters. We have often been privileged to receive their hearty but hnmble hospitality, and have learned to admire and esteem their kindness and courtesy. We do not pretend bat that there are some defects mingled with much that is excellent, but these defects' are the outcome of their circumstances, and flow for the mnBt part from tho energy developed in the stern struggles they have to , wage. If at times there seeins as though some what of the softer charms of womanhood were lacking, they are true helpmeets, and their in dustry, courage, fidelity, and good sense, make therii in their appointed sphere heroines in the' battle of life. The last to speak the old Cornish language was a Mousebole fitherwoman, called Dolly Pentreath. A monument has been erected to her memory in St. Paul's Churchyard, noar Moiisehole. The energy arid loyally of these women were well illustrated thirty years ago, when one of- them above seventy years of age walked., from Newlyn to London to see lite Queen..' In the important movement for.Sunday ofosing- of publiohouses in Cornwall, which , is now creating- auoh widespread excitement' in that coumy, the voice of the Cornish women in its favour has made itself heard from one end of tho county to the other. — N. E. Downing, in the Welcome. AA! : ==========— It has been rumoured from time to time that Lord Ripon intended to mark his cou version to the Roman faith by restoring at least a part of Fauutaias Ab bey. Certainly, if there iBto be a revival of monastic institutions in England it would be moat desirable, from an archteological point of view that it should be the means of reBtoriug some of the magnificent remains now scattered over the country. Lord Bipon is very rioh, and has only one child, Lord do . Grey. Fountains was part of the great ostate be queathed to- his father in 1845 by a remote kinf. woman, .. Mrs. Lawrence. In 1822, when' the fall of five arches of the oloister- threatened the des truction of tho aroade, they were re-built, and tho entire roof was shored -up. Then later the tower was're-built, and in 1840 other important repairs were made; ' ' Acoording to the Dublin correspondent ,of a London pape a statement is current in Galway, and is gaining credence among the superstitious, that the ghost of Myles Joyce, a man who declared his innocence of participating in the Maamtrusna mas sacre on the scaffold, is seen nightly round and within the prison of Galway.. Two soldiers, it is said; were visited wliile'on their guard outside the gaol; a night or two previous, by a tall mysterious figure that laid bold of their rifl--s. The matrons aud warders have, it is further said, applied for a trans fer. Helping Himself.—" Can you help : me a little ?" said a tramp, pokiDg bis bead into a country shop. ' Why don't yon help yourself ?" said the proprietor angrily- "Thank you, I will," said the tramp, rb he picked up a botllo of whisky and two loaves of bread, and ditappearcd likoa lightning streak, fo.- lowed by half a dozen lumps of coal . // — Ufa/Me. Sacoharino matter and fusel oil aro both ot open war with all renal disorders. So is certain vegetable matter known to exist, ae chief ingredients, in many of tbe medicated componnds, placarded and pamphleted before tbo public as cither substitutes for, or imitations of, Wolfe's Schnapps. Ti-is load ing preparation is divested of these constituents, nnd is therefore recommended by llio best members of tbo medical faculty as a specific in these ailments 