MR. WALKER AT RICHMOND. Mr. Thomas Walker, the Liberal candidate for Richmond, addressed tbe electors last night in the town hall. Mr. Charles Adklns was voted to tho chair. Mr. Walker thonght he might he considered presumptuous in offering bimsolf as a candidate, being almost entirely unknown in Australia as a politician, but he intended to take an active part in tho legislation of theso colonies, and was determined to go direct to ll?o ccnsti- tucncy, instead of being mixed up with local mon. Ho lmd been told that he would not have tho ghost of a chance of representing Rich mond. Ho was running to represent their political views, and he asked them to leave his religion out of sight, as they would do in the case of any other candidate, and to judge him solely in respect to his political merits. The question they had to decide was whether ho was capable of understanding when an abuse wus practised—of detecting and ex posing that abuse ; and of raising his voice against political dishonor, intrigue and fraud. (Cheers.) If ho were elected to repre sent their Liberal views, and were to change his convictions in tho meantime, ho would resign. He did not believe in a man who would make promise wholesale when canvassing his elec tion, and afterwards turn round ond possibly dis enfranchise those who had given him power aud political honor. They wished to know precisely what were his views. Ho woald tell them tbat be was a Liberal and a Berryite, because he was convinced that Mr. Berry had done more good for tbo people of Victoria than any other legis lator who had takon part in the affairs of this country. (Loud applause.) The previous night Sir Bryan O Loghicu had declared in his apoecb that since he bud taken office peace, progress and prosperity had been known oil over Victoria. \Vhat did that mean in tho light of his own speech? He had been obliged to confess that the programme ho presented nt Lancefield when ho took offico had not been fulfilled ; in other words, that thoy had done no work, and, there fore, he admitted that the peace, progress and . prosperity of these colonics was simply due to their having done nothing. (Applause.! This was u grand political triumph. The fuct of tho ' matter was that our peace, progress and pros- pcrity were duo to the labors of tlie preceding. I Ministry. Tho credit of the colony was not o I high when Mr. Berry floated his loan, but Fir i Bryan O'Logblen had been unablo to do it under moro favourable circumstances. Sir Bryan had ! been lavish in telling the public what he had I seen in his Ministry, lie was careful, however, not ; to say anything about tho lavish expenditure ' and extravagance ot the Ministry. Nor did ho shy a word about another important matter— the , unfair and dishonest method lie employed ot : procuring a dissolution a few days ago. He (Mr. AValkcr) had not seen a word of commendation of that courso fioui ono single source. It had taken the country by surprise, and had possibly pre vented their deciding 'airly between the rival candidates. Iu their own interests tho Ministry had practised a political trick, and ho wa3 sorry to suy that tlie Governor had taken part with theiu. (Applause;) Ho (Mr. Walker) was a Liberal, because be be lieved in tbo advancement of mankiud. Liberal ism was that which moved the world onward ; without it we should have been savages at this dav, sitting in a bog, or wholly content with a wooden plough. A certain class ot the com munity felt that the working man ought to be satisfied with the lot God had given him, bat they wero not contented with their own lot. Liberalism meant growth from tho foun dation. It had become so popular on these shores that the Conservatives and Constitutionalists could not invent a pro gramme of their own without intrenching npon the Liberal programme, so totally devoid wero they of originality nnd gonius of their own. Sir Bryan O'Logblen cainc to the conclusion that lie had only to ask whether the doctors of his con stituency were in favor of tho lato programme. Ho (Mr Walker) had nevor read such a weak political speech as Sir Bryan delivered on Monday night, asking the people to bo satisfied with their do-nothingisro, He would like to ash the Conservative candidates of the Richmond electorate whether tho corruption of tho late Ministry bad not ex ceeded the corruption of any previous Miuistry on record iii this colony. Was it not a foot tliat men had been appointed to posts to which they were in no wise fitted ; that a -.shoemaker at Sandhurst, hocause ho happened to be a brother of the Minister of Minus, was created an inspector of railways without any pre vious preparation ? Also that a daughter of this shoeinakor wus appointed ' to the office of (olograph And post mistress over the heads of others, aguin without the slightest previous pre paration? Sir Bryan had been obliged to tell them that ho was iu favor ol religions instruction in the State schools, hut where wus it possible to find nil tbe scots which divided the community in agreement as to what constituted religious education. The Roman Catholics would not agree with the programme drawn up by the Pro testant ministry ; the Protestant ministry would never allow the Catholics to givo their pro gramme of religious instruction. To introduce ; religious instruction into the State schools was ! to revivo the old animosity. (Cheers.) iic j wished to curtail no man's liberties, but ho' i would let the father and mother give the child : its raligiouB education. The schoolmaster worked hard enough, and had bis share oi the work. Tlie Liberals were going to extend their secuiar prin ciples, nnd to remove all intimidation in every department of thought and life. In regard to the land question, over 19,000,000 acres had passed out of the hands of the State for over, nnd tbe O'Loghlcn Ministry wished to in- crcu.se tho facility ot getting rid of tho land. He objected to the land going into tho hands of a few. We should not only stop tho hind from being further alienated, but when an oppor tunity presented itself with justice to present proprietors, the land ought to lie resumed. If they had not the land they cotild not developo the resources of the country. As tho population increased tho land would riso in value, and tho toiler would get a smaller and smaller share as timo went on. He hoped to make the colony by federation a great nationality, and an example to the world. (Cheers.) Mr. Walker then answered seve al qncstions which were put by the uudicnco, expressing him- self favorable to local option, the, opening of museums, the leasing system, the Education Act, and payment of members according to tho num ber of attendances. Mr. J. Bovine moved, nnd Mr. J. W. Abbott . seconded, the following resolution, which was car ried almost unanimously " That this meeting considers Mr. .Walker a fit and proper person to represent them in tho coming Parliament." The meeting then terminated 