A TRIP TO THE WEST COAST. TO THE EDITOR SIR, — I hope you will allow me some space in your valuable paper to give you a few items of mining news relative to the West Coast. The rich find of Thunder and Greenaway near Long's Plain some four months ago induced myself and mate to go for a prospecting trip in that district. We started by the 8 a.m. train from Launoeston, and had a very pleasant trip to Deloraine, through some fine country. Here the railway line terminates at present, and we had to take the coach to Emu Bay, a distance of 62 miles, changing three times on the road. On arriving at the Bay we put up at Mr. O'Neil's hotel, where there is very good accommodation for travellers, and the civility and kindness of Mrs. O'Neil make one forget the fatigue caused by the long coach journey. We then went to the Tramway Company's office to get our tickets for next morning's tram to Waratah, which starts exactly to time, viz., 7 a.m. The ride was very dull and monotonous to within about four miles of the Mount, when we came up with three young ladies, each loaded with a choice assortment of ferns and wild flowers, and going at a 'go-as-you-please' pace. We had to give the dear creatures a ride, and I munaged to make room for two on my side of the car, and, being inquisitive at seeing such nice ferns and flowers, I asked if they were ex- pecting a visit from Mr. Humphries, the Emigration Agent. Thoy told me not, and they only came for a ride by the down tram in the morning, and enjoyed themselves by picking wild flowers until we came along. If Waratah was as pretty as its young ladies it would baa very enjoyable place to live in. Tho famous Mount Bischoff was reached at last, and we made straight for the well-known hotel kept by Mr. William Ryan. Next morn- ing we started with tho drum on our backs on Shank's pony for Long's Plain, a distance of 23 miles, anything but a good road. Some nice soft soil on this road in two or three places, I can assure you, as I ploughed into it to a very good depth. We arrived at Messrs. Gaffney and Harvey's store after a day and a half's tramp, and started next morning loaded with tucker and tools for Broderick's Creek, a dis- tance of eight miles, a dreadfully bad road, with between 50 and 60 lbs on our baoks. My mate had a fancy for this place, as he worked an alluvial claim a little time before, and got a good deal of specimen gold, which, in my opinion, had been shed from small leaders cross- ing the creek. We prospected this oreek and its tributaries for three weeks, but found noth- ing any good. We then cut a track over the range that divides the Donaldson and Savage waters, and prospected the Donaldson fall of country for seven or eight days with no success. We then agreed to shift our camp to Hall's Creok, where there was a small rush at the time on account of Mr. Pearce and company finding a reef. It is a nice quality of quartz, and very heavily charged with pyrites. I examined the stone, but could see no gold in it. The reef might be gold- bearing north or south of where they cut it in the creek. They started to sink a shaft in the bed of the creek, but I am doubtful if they will be able to get to any depth on account of the water. We prospected here for three weeks, but not finding anything good, and the wet winter season coming on, we decided to suspend opera- tions for the present. During our eight weeks' prospecting we found four well formed reefs, but wanting in the real thing, viz. — the precious metal. The stone in general that I have seen here is of a very barren nature. Coming home one evening to camp by the Specimen claim I met Mr. J. Thunder, with whom I was not previously acquainted, and had some conver- sation with him regarding his reef. He kindly asked me into his prospecting tunnel to see it. This level being a prospecting one only cuts the reef at a depth of 25ft. or 30ft. from the sur- face. I was most favourably impressed with the appearance of the reef for the extent it was driven on and opened up. The stone near the hanging-wall is very rich. It was here the rich specimens were obtained. The hanging-wall is a smooth well-defined one, composed of slate with a little sandstone through it. A cross-cut has been driven 14ft., and the foot-wall has not yet been reached. Mr. Thunder told me there was good payable gold in this big body of stuff right through, and when cut at a deeper level and in settled country it will, in my opinion, be a well-defined reef. The opening up of this reef will not be expensive, as it is good working country and can be mined by tunnelling. The adjoining claims north and south are held by Messrs Kayser, Thunder, Greenaway, Tuder, Pearce, Ryan, Jones, and Hall, and are good prospeoting shows, being of the same for- mation of country as the Specimen claim. This district has the appearance of a reefing one, and I shall not be surprised if it turns out one. It is intersected by numerous creeks, which cut the country to a pretty good depth, thus giving a prospector a chance of seeing any reefs showing in the banks or beds of the creeks. In other respects it is very bad, as it is heavily timbered, with a dense undergrowth. The horizontal scrub in very bad in places, and worse than the roughest part of the west coast of New Zealand. Alluvial mining here has been confined to creek workings, and as a rule they have proved poor, with the exception of Smith, Grey, and Riley's gullies on Long's Plain, and Rocky Creek on the Corinna river, where M'Ginty's party and Watson's party got their large nuggets. The diggers here have to put up with great hardships and bad living, and have to carry their tucker from six to ten miles on their backs, and therefore ought to make more than average wages in such a place. To open up this country the Government should at once cross-cut pack tracks for horses, ten miles apart, and running parallel with each other. Then the diggers could cut branch tracks for prospecting from the main tracks. If this is not done it will take years to open the country. Messrs. Gaffney and Harvey are business men of the right stamp, very obliging and kind to the diggers. I met Mr. Joseph Boland at the Eighteen Mile with men going to open up his tin land on the Meredith Ranges. From the reports I hear it is a very valuable property. I have to thank Mr. Kayser and Mr. Seegrave, the managers of the Mt. Hischoff mine, and Bank of Tasmania for showing me the rich specimens lately got in the Specimen claim, better known as Thunder and Greenaway's ; also some nice samples of alluvial gold obtained in different parts of Long's Plain district. The specimens are very rich, and are the best I have seen. I hear great complaints in Waratah at the delay in surveying the mining leases at Long's Plain.— Yours, etc.. Truth. The Portland Vase. — Messrs. Thomas Webb and Sons, of 41, Stourbridge, Wor- cestershire, England, claim that one oE their employes has discovered the seoret, and they state that he is now engaged in working upon a vase larger than the Portland vase, which will cost £3000 in its production. The manner in which tho work is done is thus described: — 'The ooloured body of the glass is covered with a coating of glass of another colour; The body is then soulptured by the aid of revolving wheels and engraver's tools, leaving the figures of the second colour in relief on the body of the glasa.': ? The Late Mr. E. Costley. — Our intercolonial news a short time since announced a splendid bequest to the charities of Auckland, and we now give some particulars of the donor, taken from the Auckland Weekly News : — We record the decease .of a very old settler, Mr. Edward CoBtloy, at the ripo old age of 89. Mr. Oostley arrived here, via the Bay of Islands, from Sydney, about 1838. Ho left Ireland (of which country he was a native) about 50 years ago, and on his way to the Australian colonies called at the Cape of Good Hope and Tasmania. In talking of the early days of Old Auckland, he was wont to say ho remembered the first burial in the Symonds-street Ceme tery. A few tents sprinkled about the beach of Town (or Commercial) Bay con stituted the city of Auckland. He in vested the money he brought with him judiciously, in allotments in various parts of the city, and with the growth of settle ment and population these have become enormously valuable. Mr, Costley was a man of most peculiar habit3, and most eccentric in some of his ways — a curious compound of penuriousness and liberality. His word was his bond. He retained his faculties to a wonderful degree, being able to read the papers without spectacles. He had been a temperate man, and death was simply the result of old age. The whole estate is valued at £135,000, the legacy duty on which will be ' over £10,000. The legacies are inconsider able, with the exception of that to Mra. Mackie, which is £3.000 or £4000, ,an'd who has attended to him for the past 17 years. Seven charities will have' 'over £14,000 a piece, and thiB is likely to be increased if a rebate of the legacy duty is obtained from the Government. .' Timber Eeserves. — A correspondent desires to know what timber reserves have been proclaimed by the Govern ment. Wo have repeatedly stated that the only use made of the power conferred in the Waste Lands Act of 1881 to pro claim timber reserves has been for the West Coast, where no less than 8350 acres have' been reserved, as follows: — North Heemskirk, two reserves of 1000 and one of 350 acres ; Mount Heemskirk, 2500 aores ; and South. Heemskirk, 3500 acres. No other mining distriot; is apparently deemed., important enough to have any provision made for timber reserves. A telegram received last Monday, however, states that the Distriot Surveyors have been instructed to inquire into the wants of other mining centres. . : . A Man Sawn in Half. — A Napier (N. Z.) telegram dated April 20th says ;— A man named Smith, working at Wild ing's steam sawmill at Waipukurau, was cut in half yesterday by falling from a log on to a twiii circular saw. He was killed instantly. At tho inquest on the body of John Smith, who lost his life at the sawmill at Waipukurau yesterday, the evidence showed that deceased,£who was working nearer the saw than necessary, was at one end of the log, and his brother (E. Smith) at the other.. Deceased . was not seen by either, of the three, witnesses to fall, but they suddenly heard a loud call or scream, . followed by an unusual Bound from the saw. They then saw deceased lying motionless on the bench, with, the saw buried in his body. The engine was stopped almost at the same time as the cry was heard'; but when those near deceased , ran , up- to the bench he was found fcvbe quite dead and his body cut in two. The saw.had! entered deceased's body at '.the right side of his neck, severing the arm at ;the right shoulder and putting through the chest in an oblique direction and coming almost out at the right hip; All the witnesses agreed that death must have been instan taneous. .?,',.. New South Wales Museum. — The report of the trustees of the Australian Museum, New South Wales, for the year 1882 is to hand. It ahows that the num ber of visitors had increased by 18,446 for that, year, over the previous year, the attendance being 81,596 in week days, as against 73,995 in 1881,and 52,505 on Sun days, as against 41,660 in 1881 ; the in crease on week days being upwards of 14 per cent. , and on Sundays upwards of 26 per cent. The annual report of tho Technological, Industrial, and Sanitary Museum, which is published as a supple ment to the above, states that the damage sustained to the Museum by tho burning of the Garden Palace amounted to £10,914 19s 9d, and that the loss of some of the collections, more especially the ethnological, is irreparable. Death of John Brown. — As an nounced by telegram the favourite ser- vant of the Queen died at Windsor Castle on March 27th. A San Francisco tele- gram says he was sent from Windsor to Lady Florence Dixie's to inquire into all the ciroumstances of the outrage said to have been committed upon her, and what with the inclemency of the weather and the mystification which her ladyship plunged him into, he took to his bed and died. The Queen is deeply afflicted over the loss of her servant, and the whole Press Bpeaks of him with great respeot, and almost at as great length as if;he had been a Cabinet Minister. The public expression whioh her Majesty gave of her grief was somewhat extraordinary.' He had served 43 years in- the Royal household. Brown is aaid'to have died worth a million. The Electric Light.— The incandes- cent lamps were lit again in the shop windows last Tuesday night, and made a very good display. The company exhibiting the light has forwarded to the Town Council a claim for the £50 voted for a public test of the light in the town, and the application will be considered at the next meeting of the Council on Mon- day afternoon next. ' The Queen's Birthday. — Thursday next will be the 64th anniversary of the ? birth of her Majesty Queen Victoriajand will as usual be observed as a general holiday throughout the colony. At Ho bart his .Excellency tho Governor . will hold a tee [at 11 a,m., and at noon a royal salute will be fired from the Queen's Battery, and a feu-Je-joic fired by the* Volunteers. At Launceston the first whole-day parade under tho new regula tions will be held by the Volunteers, who will parade at 9 a. fn. At 11*30 a.m. they' will march to the Victoria Square, where the usual Baluto and feu-de-joie will be' fired, n-nd in the afternoon the Garrison, sports will take place on the Launceston Cricket Ground. We may state that the competitors in all the Volunteer events appear in uniform. An athletio club andl gymnasium is being formed in connection with tho Launceston Rifle Rogimentj the ' meetings * to be held at tho- Volunteer buildings, as the members contemplate^ having an hour's Jgymnastio drill after parade on Tuesday and Thursday even The Queen's Wharf.: — The Marine Board hau had under consideration for- . some time past the condition of a portion of the Queen's Wharf, near where 'the Sydney steamer usually berths. A por tion '? of the wharf has been ' for months. ? past bulging out towards the river, and the roadway behind the wharf, which is all made ground, is also sinking. A report has been obtained from Mr. H. Ooriway, architect, who, we understand, recom mends that temporary repairs will b'e'of no use, and that a new piece' of 'wharf, with extra heavy piling, be constructed. The matter is still under the consideration' of the Board. . . ^ , '''. \ ?', Eppinq Belief Fund.— A meeting of the Executive Committee was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday afternoon, his Worship the Mayor (Alfred Harrap, Esq.) being in the chair. A circular which had been widely circulated amongst the Wardens and Police Magistrates throughout the island, asking their co- operation in raising funds, was read. Replies were read, the majority of which promised co-operatiori with the Central Committee. A letter was read from A. Holman, father of the late Alfred Holman, one of the Epping victims, in which the writer expressed a desire to take charge of his son's children, the present Mrs. Holman, jun., being their step-mother. The Chairman reported that the town treasurer, Mr. T. Glad- man, had received £919 towards the fund. Mr. B. P. Farrelly reported that he had then to pay in £41, making a total of £960. It was decided to close the lists on 1st June, and to issue a new circular to those interested, requesting that all moneys be paid to the Launceston treasurer. It .was also resolved that before the method of distribution be determined the Wardens and (Police Magistrates of the districts interested con fer with the Launceston committee. It was stated that Mr. F. Hart purposed forwarding the amount collected by him to the Launceston committee. We learn that W. H. Gibson, of Epping, has col lected £123 10a, and' expended on Mrs. Wilson and her family £22, the balance to be handed to the Launceston com- - mittee. , Storage Ship for Gun Cotton.— The Government is making the necessary ar rangements to store the shipment of gun cotton, imported in connection with the defences for the colony, and expected to arrive at Hobart, says the Mercury, very soon by the ship Warrior from London. The ketch Enchantress, being the sort \ of vessel requisite for holding the gun cot ton, has been purchased by the Govern ment, it is said, for something like £200, Her Majesty's ketoh Enchantress, for this will be the designation by which the vessel will be known in future, will most likely be moored opposite the powder jetty in the Domain. The Industrial Exhibition. — It would appear that the intention of the meoting held on Monday night to con sider th e question of opening an Indus trial Exhibition here, in adopting the term ' International,' was merely to extend the basis of the affair bo that exhibits' from England, America, or Europe might be admitted, and not to attempt an international exhibition suoh as those recently held in Australia. The com mittee appointed will, however, .be. con- vened at an early date, to prepare estimates, and an outline of the pro gramme, and we have no doubt it wiU.be able to place the affair on a satisfactory footing. . Deloraine Notes. — Our correspondent; reports under date of Tuesday : — Matters-- are dull, the price of grain not being at all satisfactory, the only break to the monotony being an entertainment by the Walker family given last night to a full and most enthusiastic house, which they certainly deserved. The performance throughout, both instrumental and mlta tory, left nothing to be desired^ J'; ;-..;.*. Inquest.— -An inquest was held on 11th inst. by Mr. H. Dowling, Coroner, at the Prince of Wales Hotel on the body of an elderly woman named Sarah Prosser who had died on the 9th instant through taking an over-dose of chlorodyne. The husband of the deceased deposed that she had had no sleep for five nights and that she informed him that she took the chlqrodyne to try and procure sleep. Dr. Pike stated that he was called in to see the deceased on Wednesday night and found her in a comatose condition from which she never rallied. Before death she presented the characteristic appear ances ,-., of : chlorodyne poisoning. The quantity of chlorodyne which she was said to have taken (a teaspoonful) would ~be sufficient to poison any one not used to taking the 'drug. The jury after hearing ?'?;?? the evidence returned a verdict to the effect that death was caused through the 'deceased accidentally taking . an over ?doae of chlorodyhe. , Requiem Mass. — A solemn requiem 'rffass was celebrated at the. Church of the Apostles at 9 o'olock on 11th inst. for the repose of the soul of the late Sir John O'Shanassy, K.C.M.G. The Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, presided in pontificials, having as assistant at the ' throne the'; Very Rev., Dean Beephinor. Mass was, celebrated by the Ven^ Archdeacon Hogan, . of ;Westbury, and the Revs. M'Kernan and O'Oallaghan acted ;as ; deacon and sub-deacon respec tively. ; The Rev. P.. Gleespn was master of ceremonies. ' At the'coticlusion of the mass the Bishop pronounced the absolu-: ? tion. i A oatafalque. was;:;erepted inihe centre of the' nave, 'and this: was. 'sur- / rounded with n-umerpus- lighted tapers ; on the top a sword, toga, arid a cross,- the insignia 'of a knight of St. Gregory, were, ' placed; Sir John O'Shanassy: received the 'title of Knight of St. Gregory from the, late Pope Pius IX. There was :a very ' large congregation, all the children attending the , Presentation Convent and boys' school being present. :?.. ?? .--. ?, ' Anniversary: Dinner.— A dinner in celebration of the anniversary of the Loyal .Tasnuin Lodge, No. 4, J.O.O.F., was: !giv'en bri 11th inst. in Talmage's Club Hotel. . : Mr. ;R. H. Davis, V; G .M. , occu pied the chair,1 and Mr. J. Edmondtson;' P.G.M., the vice-chair. After an excel . lent dinner, catered for by Host Talmage, the'usiiul loyal toasts.were. duly honoured. The Chairman then proposed the toast of the 'Grand Lodge of Tasmania.' Mr.i J. Wallace, M.W.G.M., replied. He said it w'as only four months ( since a Grcthd Lodge had been established in Tasmania; , TheiSystem had been found to work very, satisfactorily,: and he believed it would be as successful here as it .had been in' the other'colonies. He'was happy to say that there ^wpuld be an addition of two more Lodges during the present month.. Mr. Wallace :then, in return, proposed; the toast1 of the ' Loyal Tasman Lodge, No:1 4.''': The ,Vice-Ohairman'replied, and in ? doing. so stated, that 'there .were how 50 members in the Lodge, which had. been in existence exactly 12 months. If every member exerted himself as he should during the next year, they would have three, times as many at their next anni versary. The chairman.; then proposed the. health- '?of- 'Kindred Lodges *' to which Messrs. Keats, W.D.D.M., and J. Ranking P.G.M.,, replied. Mr. H.Briggs proposed the' toast of V The Visitors,' to which' Messrs. J. Hynes, W. Cofstain, A. Martiti, and J. F: : Cope replied. :?: Several other toasts, including ; those of the. ' Ladies' and the ' Preks' ware duly honoured, and a number of songs were sung, .the dinner altogether being a most enjoyable affair.: ,,. ??: . ... ?„. , A Frenoh Tragedy.— A tragedy of a very singular kind was enacted recently in a vilklae of the department of Vaucluse (France), called Cheval-Blanc. Ten years ago; an Italian riavvyi who had. been work ing on.the railway then in course of con struction, was tried for manslaughter, . th6 witness who 'was' mainly instrumental in securing his conviotion^beirig a peasant1 belonging. to. the village' of, Oheval-Blaric. . The navvy was sentenced: to ? 10 years': penal servitude ; and on leaving the dock he declared: that when he had, served this tim'e;hB would come backhand'; take, his revenge. Recently he reappeared ,iti': the . village, :and .meeting the wife : of .the peasant told her that she might consider; her 'husband a dead man; : She at once gave information to the1 gendarmerie of liis presence in the district ; but he eluded the searoh made, for him, and made his appearance at, the farmhouse, inhabited by the peasant early one morn ing. The man was stillih bod, and when he looked out of the window arid 'recog- nised the Italian,, he took up a gun which he '.kept by. his bedside arid fired two shots, killing his would-be murderer on the spot. The Italian- was; armed with a. revolver anda-long knife. ;: :; ':t;., . .' : ' ITpvBii ADVERTiBiNa.^-Sbme people are very fond of lugging in their pedigree in season and out of season, but the follow .'..'. .. ing notice of a birth, olippedirom a Mel ' '? bourne paper, caps anything we have seen for a long time s^' On the 18th April,' wife of H. Morrison, baker, houBO deo'prator, nee, Alice, Mary Ohatfield, second daughter of Henry Ohatfield, con fectioner, deceased, of Oastlemaine, who was'the eldest son of Edward Ohatfield, ? : oonfectibner, ? deceased,, of .Brighton, Sussex,', England, of a fine son, at, her reBidencei- ,210-'.Exhibition-street,:: iMel-j bour'neiOity.' (Home'paperB please copy.)' The WESTMEATH'S EMIGRANTS.—The s.s. Westmeath, having completed her coaling, left Hobart on Thursday, 10th inst. for Auckland, her port of destination; but not, however, with her full comple- ment of souls; for we learn from the Mercury that about 20 men who had stowed away in the coal tenders have re- mained behind to push their fortunes in Tasmania. They are mostly firemen and sailors who were working their passages to Auckland at the customary wage of 1s a month. Many of the emigrants also tried to get ashore on the quiet. Few, however, succeeded in their desire, though, it seems that a great number of them, from the accounts that they had heard of the colony during their stay in port, had entertained a decided preference to Ho- bart over Auckland, where they are bound to. Some amusing tales are told of the ingenuity of some of the women who were desirous of leaving the West- meath here. To their tender pleadings to stow them away in the coal tenders the crew turned a deaf ear. One girl im- plored a craftsman very hard indeed to pull her through a porthole and hide her in his craft. The majority of those who succeeded in leaving the vessel, with their traps, are young men who should find no trouble in obtaining remunerative em ployment. .Arrest of a Swiss Forger. —riOnrthe 27th ult. information reached Mr. Brigga, acting Swiss consul at Melbourne, from the Federal departmentpf Justice Switzer land; that a Swiss miller named ' Jean Henri Buenzli had committed forgery in', Berne, in connection with some bills of; exchange, and that he would probably be found on board the s.s. Luaitinia. On. the- arrival of the steamer -in; Hobson'a Bay on the 5th ??', , instant', (says the Age) Detectives ? Mackay , arid Nixon went on board; and after a diligent' search found. Buenzli, who was in bed in; a second-class compartment. Ho denied that he was the person, on. being inter-,' preted by one of the other passengers, .but documents' 'were '.-!' found, upon .him: which clearly established his identifica tion. He was accordingly removed to the1 !detective office on a provisional warrant signed by 'Mr. Panton, P.M., arid ordered, to issue by,' his . i Excellency the Governor, in accordance with' the International ? Treaty of 1874:-': i -: '': ?; ?; ' /;, :- ;'; ;??', ':-,:: The N. S. Wales Land System.—The Herald, in commenting on Messrs. Morris and Ranken^s report on the work- ing of the New South Wales land law, says :— 'It amounts in the main to a complete condemnation of the system bas unsuitable to a country whose territory is leased in pastoral holdings. As in America, so here, whenever there is no conflict of tenure selection before survey answers well enough, but it is only a small portion of our territory that comes under that description. In the old settled districts, where there were hardly any Crown lessees to be dispossessed, free selectors have thriven and met with no enemies; but when, to make their own footing, they had to dispossess somebody else, then the mischief of the conflict was made superabundantly clear. A large part of the evidence adduced . in this: ?report is but a proof of 'that weakness in pur. land system which we have never Iwearied of pointing out, and the demon stration of which is now overwhelining, The Late Sir Salar Jung.— The, following is taken froma1 recent issue. -of/ ?the, Daily Ncxtis : — ' We, stated tha'tj Bbmej suspipibn existed in India that Sir Salar.1 Jung,, the eminent Indian, statesman,, .had come tohis death by foul play. The; following extract of a private letter just received frorri India sheds some further' light1 on this painful subject :— ' On 'the same day, on which Sir Salar ..Jung, was seized with his fatal-illness the following Europeans were also seized with a -like1 attack, though they have, all recovered: —General Sir Charles Keyes,' commanding' ?the Hyderabad Subsidiary Force ; Major Ludlow, magistrate of the, cantonment of Secunderabad ; Major Neville, command irigthe Nizam's Reformed Force ; Oolonel L'Estrange, commanding the British artillery in Secunderabad ; Mrs, Dobbs,' wife of the railway;magibtrate;tand:Mr, Elswprthy, who was in oommand- of the steamer ; in which the pleasure party ? .whose, host Sir Salar Jung was sailed ' on': the Moer Allum lake on the evening' pre-i nona to the death of Sir Salar. v, Surely,, these -facts are sufficient to.fprm.tho grounds of an immediate inquiry.-1''''1-1' ? The Electric Light.—The Lane-Fox incandescent lamps were displayed on Saturday evening in the establishments of Messrs. Kerr, D. and J. Room, Porter, and Dunning, and attracted a good deal of attention. In order to run these lamps the arc lights in the street were shut off, and the public greatly missed the brilliant illumination they have had for the past fortnight. The incandescent lamps burned well, but being, run with an arc machine of high tension it was neces sary to exercise great care in putting on the current, or the. lamps might have beeri: destroyed. When the power was '. in-, creased the display was very effective. We understand it is contemplated, before the plant Is removed, to concentrate the in candescent lamps in one establishment,' so that the public. may , have, anopporr; tunity of judging of their full capa- bilities. Hospital Improvements. — The new wing of the Hospital, which has been in oouriie of erection for ' the paBt twelve months, ia now nearly finished. It will cost altogether about £10,000,. and will complete the original design of the Hospital. ' I|; will comprise six new- wards, accommodating about thirty- fivo addi tional' patients, and it has not. been built top 'soon, us at -present patients have* to be hurried away as quickly aa poasiWe to make] room for new. .'arrivals!'. The new wing has'b.een built \vith apecial provision,' for treating, infeotioua cases, and if neces sary it can be shut off from the rest of the building, access being obtainable from- a separate staircase. . .The new kitchen; arid nursos'quarters' comprise a building by thomsolvoa, communicating with the Hos- : pital by means ? of a : covered bridge. A mistake' has been' made here' in having the kitchen on the grbund floor. A much more suitable and. economical, plan, to adopt would - be that in use in the New York Hospital in. Fifteenth-street, estab lished iri 1878, where the cooking is all' done on 'tHe 'first floor. By this arrarige men't'the, smell from, the .kitchen passes away, .unnoticed, and . the .food is not allowed to grow-cold' by being carried up-, stairs after being cooked. The alteration ' would not be, an oxpensive one', and might be br'oughi;'; tinder, the attention of the Government! Another, matter i to, which attentionishouldi be drawnis the state of the hardwood1 floors, which are fullof gaps arid' require relaying. ', ; ;. Calcutta Exhibition. — The circulars and regulations for the Tasmanian court have been widely ciroulated in northern Tasmania during the past week, and the Executive Commissioner is anxious that intending exhibitors should, communicate aslsoqn as possible.the particulars of their exhibits; ; - A great mineral trophy will be a particular feattire of the court, and Mr. Just ia ; anxious to have- the coopera tion pt mining '] iniinagera' in- procuring suitable specimens for its' erection* '' .- .., ;. Bitter Beer. Among the many articles of -home1 consumption., for: which the. mother country isnbwadaya, indebted ? to.thecbloriiesy materials for adulteration appear to be included; .' It. is. asserted, jsays ; an ' .'English , journal; that British ?brewer's.'.' are1 , .largely dependent upon Jamaica; at, least after, a ba/l hop harvest,) ?for the peculiar flavour, of bitter' :beer. 'Quaasifti'so called- after the: negro Quaahie,;' who first' discovered its medicinal. uses, is' .manufactured ' frpni the, wood: of .a 'West Indian tree, whiohi is imported'into, Great Britain in great -. quantities. Tons and. tons of ' bitter wood' are brought over, much more than could possibly be re quired for , the purposes of the pharma copoeia. The: wopd of the quassia is white, ; odourless, and'when infuBed: in, water has. an intensely 'bitter taBte. The liquid is not absolutely innocuous,' seeing that when soaked into' paper,mixed with sugar, ;' it is most efficacious as a fly-killer. The 'effect upon, human beings: ia not so accu rately known, but no doubt the headaches arid malaise which inevitably ' follow po- .; tations of publio-honie beer may _be: due in a.great measure to', the ' quassia with , which it is concocted. Steam Railway Omnibus. -Some time ago the attention of the Yictorian Rail- way Department was called to the existence in England of a locomotive known ' aa: the ' Steam' Omnibua,' the fa'ain principle of 'which is that the engine, and carriage are all in one, and the, then Minister of Railways ordered one for trial. ? This has reached the port, having beeii brought in the'ship Aberdeen. ' The ';steam omnibus,' as it' is called, travels 'on eight wheels, four of .which' constitute ,'the tractive power, and it. accommodates 48 ,'first; and Be'cond-'class:- passengers. ?Pinderneath; ; the car a framework, of 490 cubic' feet 'in'', extent1' ;ia; pirbvided for, the carriage ' of luggage.' It was at. first snggeated that the .'f ,'buB1' , should: harie : a top: gallery, but- the idea was discarded 'on its being discovered that if it were adopted the vehicles would not be able to pass under the bridge. It is stated 'that in. Running order the car weighs oly 14' tons' j ;'? that it .can achieve aispeed of from 14:.to 30 miles an , hour ,'j, that it can ascend igradatibns of -1 in 30, It is also claimed ? f or the; motive power that it will pull several trucks with the carriage along a good road; arid that as aU; ,'the attendance, required^ is .'a', driver and a conductor, it-will render unneces sary the, erection of stations :in sparsely' populated districts.- If thia ahould prove successful the cars will be useful on the new light lines of railway which are being and are to be constructed—such as the Coburg and Alphington lines. A dupli- cate engine accompanies the car, so that it can be used in the 'event' of any acoi dont happening to' the1 other. _. '., . , The North-West Coast Mails.— Our readers were : recently informed 'through' bur Hobart correspondent's ? telegrams that the Government intended ti establish a supplementary mail to the , N. W. Coast for the convenience of northern residents, leaying Lauricestbri bythe'5' piiri.- train; So far as we can, learn, however, not: the slightest move has been made towards carrying out ; any, -such arrangement, and as .the -contractor has knooked offthb early mail- coach' we fear- the ^public are. likely ,to be fooled, by a promise. made merely, to put'a,.ob;eck,briVpM)-Utf.;'indigna-f tipn,,but -.never Ljiritren.ded) to' be '? ] xarried; put. ,',;-,!''. '-'.!:f? .b. ,;r',i'.-,:7!'i): .V-.;1/ ,.??;','?«- A SOENE IN THE GEELONG PRESBY- TERY.-rWhile the question of ap, 'O^t^K a colleague' to aid, the ministor °* ,'Bt. George's Churoh was before the Gr«.1('ong Presbytery on the 8th inst. a aceD»«,wa? enacted' (nays the Geolong corroapond. ap'' ' of the WoM), between the Rev. M r Gardiner, of Que'enscliff, and thoReiy.; Mr. Campbpll. The formeriwas objectiag to the mode of application used by thcr congregation of St. George's Ohuroh; Iri uricotrrteous language the Rev. Mr. Camp bell answered . ' Its a lie.' Tha^ said Mr. Gardiner, is . strong language ; and ''It is meant to be so,' retorted Mr. 'OampbeH. Again before the'cloae of the, , proceedines Mr. Garbjiner came to words , with the Kov. Mr.- Watrdrop. Mr. G'ardi- . nor intimated aa much' aa that. he would ' not take the word' of honour of his brother riiiriister, which brought forth the remark from Mr. 'Wardrop1 that Sis word, was heleii ire as high an estimation as that of the minister of Queonsaliff. ' Well,' said ! Mr. Gardiner, ' that is a matter of opinion 1 not held by everyone.' ' ;: : The Victorian, Tariff' Commission. r—At, the. meeting, !of the- Tariff Com mission held last, week, evidence, was given' by ; fruitgrowers in favour of 'the maintenance of the duties on fruit such aa can be grown in the colony! \ According to' the fruit 'dealers ' the exportation ; of . Victorian' iruit is increasing.' One dealer' stated thai he exported more tRari he im ported. Mi.,01app, managing director of the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibua Company, advocated a reduction of-; the duties, on maize, pats; and barley. ..yio toriari maize' is, lie said,, for. hofse- fepdirig, purposea,. of an inferior quality.; The price of oats iB about 8d per 'bushel more in Melbourne than in Sydney. : Acoording : to'' the representatives of the produce' merchants who were examined, the ex portation ? of butter and , oheese ,has, assumed suoh large proportions that, there; is jno.'longer any necessity for the 'duties. ? Tlie other, colonies, oxceptirig , rasmania ?arid New Zealand, are our chief criator m era. ; Ham and bacon ourors would not, object- to. the abolition of the duties, on 'those products if the other 'colonies1 also abplished; their similar duties, otherwise ? they would object to the abolition. ', ;'j Telephonic. — A private test took place on Sunday, March 26, of a telephone between New York and Chicago, a dis- tarice of 1000 miles, and the result (says the New York, correspondent of the Standard) was a complete success. Previously the longest: distanoe, , over which a -telephonic message had ''been- .sent was 700 miles, between New York and 'Cleveland. ; ' The present result^ the correspondent adds, is not due solely.: 'to, theutelephonej.aUhough that possesses some novelty, but is mainly due to a novelty in the conductor. ? This consisted of a steel wire core, copporplated, the electrical resistance of which to Chicago, was only 1522 .ohms, as against upwards of 15,000 ohms, the average resistance of ordinary iron telephonic wire. ' This now achievement is regarded as marking anew' era in the development of telephonic com munioation. ; ? Whalebone. — A Boston paper says :r— 'The manufacture of whalebone is not a growing industry ; on1 the contrary, ithas decreased as the industry which gave.it. birth, namely, the whale fishery,, de creased consequent upon the- discovery of petroleum. In former years the amount of whalebone brought in each year was1 ftpiri 3,000,0001b. to 5,000j0001b., while at present 300,0001b, is considered a very large catoh. ,.: The Table Cape Lighthouse. — Messrs. E. M. Fisher, Master Warden, and C. Dowdell, Warden, of the Hobart Marine Board, Wardens E. L. Ditcham and W. R. Barwood, of the Launceston Marine Board, Captain H. J. Stanley, R.N., and Mr. H. Conway, architect, re- turned to Launceston on Friday, 11th inst. from a visit to Table Cape in connection with the proposed lighthouse at that spot. The party were favoured with fine weather during their visit, and the Wardens and Captain Stanley will prepare a report for the consolidated Board as to the most suitable site for the lighthouse, while Mr. Conway will preparo estimates of the cost of construction for the information of the Board, and as a basis upon which a vote for the work will be asked for during the coming session of Parliament. Typhoid Fever. — The serious preva- lence of typhoid fever throughout the colony, has, says the Argus, been the sub- ject of deep- corisideration by the Oeritral Board of Health.' ', At their last meeting on Tuesday Ijit was showri that from no fewer than 143 places was the malady re ported. At Olunea alono there had been .100 cases within the last month, but the epidemic appeared, to , be mild, and1 no 'deaths resulted. ; In 'each instance the' cause, of 'the disease is, ? if possible, dia-. 'covered,1 and precautions taken to prevent ? a recurrence of the outbreak. ' _ ' WINKLEIGH. — A correspondent writes, to say that on Saturday, 5th inst. Pro- fesaor Johnstone gave an excellent enter- tainment in the school-room at the Silver Mines, entitled 'Magic, Mirth, and Eloquence.' His sleight of hand tricks perfectly astonished the natives. The room was crowded to excess, and all ap- peared to be delighted with the enter- tainment. Each of the audience received a present, and for some time to come there will be no lack of broaches, ear- rings, knives, etc. ^, I MiJj ,-''ii'A -Jill i-2 It: :.rnoi;iu 'Aii v-\ [?t.Uin.i- r.l Confirmation at Campbell Town. — Wo learn from a correspondent that the Bishop of Hobart administered confirma tion on Sunday last, the Feast of Pente cost, in St. Michaol's Church, Campbell Town, to 19 boys and 23 girfs. Mass was chanted by the Rov. T. KoIbIi, the churoh - and sanctuary boing docoratod -with flowers, and an inscription, ' Come Holy Ghost, Creator, come,' running across the ^ -reon. After mass the Bishop addressed ? f^K ' candidates, fully Joxplaining to thorn fHo) moaning of 'tho 'ceremonies about to be- .^lerformed. The ' impoBition of' handte' ' followed, and the candidates— girlo' i» whito drosses and veils wearing medal* a. ffixed to scarlet ribbons, and boys witffe crosses of the same material — approaslloci *sv0 aP^ two to receive the 'anointing vriJ^ chrism on their foreheads. Thdy we»e agO'1 addressed by tho Bishop, who expresses1 at tho same time his extreme plfeastfr* 9 ft* tho intelligent replies r 06 the children). He exhorted paronts to support the' Ofo lholio school of their , parish, where jJoligiv. lus aid secular instruc tion were not divoin. '-*&\- but went hand in hand. The r*nowa1 & ' the baptismal vows . followed, and in tho evening after vespers and sermon by Father Jiolsh, tho Bishop gave pontifical Seneditift on of tho bleaaed sacrament; tho altar being brilliantly, lighted, and tastefully .dscorated with flowers. , ' ? Railway Syndicates in America.— Some idea may bo fibrnoec? of tho enor mous interest represented by the various railroads in tho United' SiatM from the following table of the mileage -wl tho prin cipal' 'systerns': — Pennsylvania^ railroad, 6438;' miles ; Missouri' Piucinc-, 5772;. Chicago, Milwaukee, and St. Paul, 4500 ; Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy, 4068 ; Union Puciflc, 3873 ; Chioago and .North Westorn, 3500 ; Wabaah, 3425',-. -Grand . Trunk, 3300 j Central Pacific, 3-10O.. Tha - Pennsylvania road represents nearly ., 5005000,000. dollars— one-third of the ??.?'. United States national dobfr — inito stocker arid bonds. Each of theso roads is governed by an autocrat, or a very small . oligarchy; and vast as they are already,, the process of consolidation is. constantly:, progressing further. The rapid com- ? pletion of the half -a-dnzen roads- frum tho : Atlantic to the. Pacific is due to tho deter mination pn'the part of particular cliquos to Obtain all possible outlets- for their ? roads without depending in any way upon actualor pPssiblo rivals. Crushed by a Lift. — An inquest was held at the Melbourne Hospital on Tues- day, says 'a Melbourne coutomppraty, on : ' the body of John Reid, aged 43 years, a ; labourer j- a resident of Oarlton, who died ,in tho institution on the 6th. It appears , -.; that while : tho decoased was at work at ? M'Oracken's brewery on the 4th of August last he got his back crushed by a hy draulic lift. Ho' was taken to the Hos pital at once in a delirious condition, and : remained an in-patient until the time of his death. At the time of tho accident the deceased waa bulking hops from the ground to tho top floor by means of a lift. Iuatead of going up in the lift, he went up on the top, and on reaching the- upper storey, neglected to stop- the lift, and was crushed against the roof. Dr.' Harbison, one of tho resident staff, stated the cause of death was fracture of the spine. Tho jury returned a verdict to that effect. Irish EMIGRATION. — News by the Cali- fornian mail states : — Systematic depopu lation of parts of tho West of Ireland was begun by the Government on the 31st March,' and will be continued for three months ensuing. Tho Allan line of steamships contracted for the work, and the first vessel, tho Historian, received her proportion' of . emigrants at the date named inBlack Sod Bay. They brought off from the Boll Mullett in the boats of the man-of-war Seahorse, which hitd been detailed for duty. On the west coast the people are described as looking well, and being happy. The Government pays the .expenses of embarkation and passage, and each emigrant gets assistance besides from the late fund. . Thoy are to be landed at Boston, and the Historian will bb followed on the 13th April by another stoamerful from Newport. Those immi grants being desirable, thore will probably be some competition among the American western land interests to securo them. Royal Society or Tasmania. — The report of the Royal Society of Tasmania for the past year shows that the Society is in a fairly flourishing condition, and 'has a small balance to tho good. The iricomp from all sources was as follows :— ?'. . Government, grant in aid to Museum, £200; ditto to gardons, £G00 ; annual subscriptions, etc., £192 10s ; special ? donation from his Excellency Sir G. C. Strahari, tho President, £0 ; from Marine Board, £20 ; sale of plants, etc, at gar dons, £93 8s lOd ; giving a total of £1125 '19s4d. The oxpondituro amounted to £1098 13s 3d ; thus leaving a balance to credit, in tho Commercial Bank of £27, 6a Id. The. outstanding liabilities aro esti? mated at £20. -.?.. Tho approximate number - of-visitors to the gardens during the year ? ^was'SO^gi^bQirig 7878 more than inl881- ' The number of visitors to the Museum during the year was — On Sundays 10,776 ; on week days; ? 10,873 ;, total,',; : 21,649— being an* increase of 6080'on' that1 for 1881. The Victoria Racing Club's added money for the next season's programme is £14,125. 