''?'?. ECHOES OF MELBOURNE '. . ► . . ? : TByThb Ghost. 1 \ . .There are already Bigns and portents -that to oven the uninitiated indicate that Via regard to the parliamentary Bession the 'beginning of the end is at hand. The -Council on Wednesday discharged one bill from the notice paper, assigning as a 'reasqn' that there was no chance of pass ing the measure into law during the pre ? Bent 'session ; and on the. two days on ?which the Aasembly finds work for tho' senators hands to do sits until ton o'clock 'at night. Besides giving their sanction ' 'to two or three minor measures sent up ?from 'the Assembly, they have passed the Mallee Settlement Bill, and made suoh progress with the Mining on Private Pro perty 'Bill that in all probability it will 'on Tuesday next be ready for transmitr ?fliontotho Lower House. 'Whether it ?will ever attain the: dignity of an act of Parliamentis, however, somewhat doubt ful-. ?The 'alteration effected by their ?' 'Lordships ' -in substituting fifteen for seven years as the period during which: ^landed proprietors are to be permitted to -receive , royalties on the gold extracted ; -.from their ground, is sure to meet with' fierce opposition in the Assembly, and if some compromise is not arrived ,at ,, the , bilf will certainly be, .among the slaughtered innocents. tThe Assembly has also, despite the irro ? pressible loquacity of one or two of the , 'members, got through .a creditable ?'amountof work, and would have had even ' more to its credit had not a little stone walling been indulged in. The passing of the Oivil Service Bill through its final i '. stage was therefore delayed a day. But '?now that this somewhat cumbrous piece of Legislative skill no longer blocks the .way, rapid progress will bo made with .the measures dealing with the Public .Health, and Local Government, and the ^Post-office. And if these are placed on, ? the StatutejJBook an amount of work will ;'havo been done which will eclipse all pother performances and. go far towards ..disarming the opponents of Coalition Ministries, and converting the advocates of 'Government by Party.' Hans' Breitmann's query ' Where is that Party now 1' may then come to be answered by ?both Liberal and Conservative ' We ?really don't know, and caro less.' Once more illustration has been afforded 'of the truth of the saying that the unfor aeen. is always happening. Mr. David ; Gaunsori has been elected to represent .Emerald Hill in the Assembly. His chances of success were considered, even 'on the day just previous to the election, as' anything but rosy, and the return of: Mr. Yale looked upon as a certainty. The' three metropolitan, morning paperB all opposed , Gaunson, and went 'bald headed' for Vale. The political builders, however, made the rejected one their corner stone. Two things are .made abundantly: plain by the result of the polling. Firstly, that ?electors resent being ' bossed' by the Press; and secondly, that the publican, the Roman Catholic, and the Young Australian's votes when united are, con trary to 'the generally entertained opinion, quite powerful enough to insure the success at; the booths of' any candidate in .whose favour they may be cast. The re turn of the honourable gentleman to the scene of his former exploits, will, no ?doubt, make matters in the Assembly a trifle more lively than they have been of late, always supposing that two years ostracism from political life have not taught Mr. GaunBon a little wisdom. Sooth to say, Mr. Gaunson has already caused the dry bonos of the Assembly to rattle, and infused a certain amount of liveliness in the Chamber that during the .present session has been, as a rule, as decorous as a Quaker's meetings The honourable gentleman gave the House a taste of his 'stonewalling' capabilities before his new Legislative career was two hours ? old, which must have proved that two! years retirement from political life had' hot effected any change in the 'mari- ners, ' and customs' of former days. ' Age'' has at all events not ' withered, fti'm,' and- the. 'infinite variety' he dis plays':- for delaying public business not i been' staled.' V ., , jtflhe bill to enable the congregation of the Scots' Church to.fleyer their connection ?withri the- Presbyterian/; Church of - Yio- ' tori* is not to be promoted during the present bession of Parliament. The time is too Bhort before tho prorogation; to afford any hope of passing the measure. It is now doubtful whether it will ever be proceeded with. Mr. Strong sails for England early in November, and with his departure the ' necessity' for the bill will ceased Meantime the efforts of his friends are now directed towards securing for presentation to the reverend gentle man a testimonial worthy alike of the donors arid the recipient. The 'gift'' will probably not come in any 'question- able Bhape,' but assume the good, old fashioned form of 'Bawbees.' Mr. Monwure Oonway, who has been lecturing during the week, will leave Vic toria a wiser, a sadder, and perhaps a poorer man than whon he came among ub. Whatever creeds Victoria may or may not hold at the present time— and it is somewhat puzzling to discover what people do or do not believe in just now, as thoticism is not to ,be found among the favourite 'isms.' A diluto solution of Emerson and Carlyle is '' caviaro to the multitude' in this colony. It meets with a3 little favour here as doos the ugly but fashionable colour known as ' orushed strawberry.' Tho farce known as the .Education Commission, being nearly played out is shortly to be withdrawn from' the boards. Nearly £4000 has already been paid in connection with clerical assistance, and tho benefits (if any) that would have flowed from, the labours of Mr.' Rogers and his colleagues will be nullified by the passing of the Civil Service Bill. The chorus of oh's ! with which the announce ment of tho cost of the Commission was greeted in the Assembly virtually sounded the death-knell of tho body. Commercially, socially, and from every other point of view, Melbourne was never so dull as at the present moment. The collapse of the front and side of 'a stone built store . in Flinders-lane has conse quently been promoted into quite a 'sensational occurrence.' Barriers have been erected across the street, over which policemen keep guard, and crowds of people assemble, and for hours gaze at the tottering fabric. As the building has been shored tip, and there 1b no fear of its tumbling down, it is difficult, to imagine what thero can be to look at. Truly small things amuse'., small minds. Judging by the number's' of onlookers, this class of. mind. can-. not be scarce in Melbourne. .':..,. ; At the Bijou ' Qjaraille' and her woes have been during the ; week engrossing public attention, the ' Majeronis' grow ing more and mor3 into public favour. At the . Opera ' House ' Les Manieaux; Nous,' very considerately translated by :tho management into 'The Black Cloaks,' is achieving a moderate success, and at the Princess the 'Grand DacheBs' has replaced ?' Prince Methu salem.' ' Jo' at the Royal has ' moved, on' and ' The Grasshopper' now reigns in his stead. Visitors are arriving from the adjacent colonies, and there is now no longer the beggarly array of empty benches that has been the rule rather than the exception for the previous fort night. October 11. , ? A Hobart Landmark.— A Hobarfc' correspondent writeB — Amongst the most striking objects whioh arrests the eye of , the visitor to Hobart used to be the well knpwn and time- honoured Battery Point Windmill. Approaching the city from seaward the old red brick pile Btood out in high relief, tthe fanning sails welcom ing, as many old salts have said, the mariner's return. And many aro the tales of our 'Van Diemen's ' epoch with which this windmill is conneoted; old hands looking towards the structure now-a-d.ays with a feeling bordering upon veneration. It is related on good authority of by-gone traditions that a pair of self enraptured lovers; who, failing to obtain the consent of the 'stern parent,' at tempted to gain acoess from thetowerto the ievolvingfansonedismalnight,andfastened with e, rope cast their blighted lives to the merciea of revolution in mid-air. Just before the last terrible step was taken the sensational tragedy was happily frus trated by the sudden appearance of a workman who received a substantial sum for his services, and it is said the affair ?waa eventually satisfactorily settled. How ever, the doom of tho venerable pile is, signed. A local firm have purchased the buildings, which are being quickly demo lished for the purpose of securing a quick supply of brinks, which at the present time are in great demand. The property waB offered to the Government for pur chase as adapted with a few alterations as an observatory, but the proposal was not favoured by the Ministry. When this old land mark is razed there are very few of our citizens but will regret its absence. The New Mayor .'of Melbourne.— Councillor O. Smith has been elected Mayor of Melbourne for the ensuing twelve months. The other candidate was Councillor G. D. Carter, The election was very close, the votes boing for Mr. Smith 13 votes, and for Mr. Carter 12. Mr. Smith has twice been Mayor of Richmond. ..;..-..- : ? Court of Appeal from Assessment Roil.— A Court of General'; Sessions will, be held at, Campbell Town on the 12th November next, when all persona thereby affected may appeal against the alters-' tions made in the assessment roll on the lltb. irist. - ?'?-'-? ' ? ??:- ? '?? -'? ? ''?? ?? ? '? ~ . ' '??'.'.'' ' ?' . *? .- The Hobart Volunteers.— Wo learn from the Mercury that on Saturday Inst a day parade of tho Artillery and Rifles was heid at Hobarb, 149 of the former and 132 of the latter mustering in, the Domain, where they were amalgamated for attack and defence movements. The attacking party was composed of one battery, with a field gun, and a company of infantry, under the general command of Major Orowther. The defence force was similarly constituted, and was com manded by Major Fysh. Each party was supplied with 20 rounds per man of small arm blank ammunition, and 25 roundB foreaoh field gun. An ambulance party and signalmen wore also attaohed. The movements took the form of an advance upon an enemy posted in the Domain, and Major Crowther's force was marched out to select ground as the de fence party ; and in duo time the attack ing column moved forwatd, well served by its scouts and advance guard. The drill was an interesting one, and lastod till every round of ammunition n;»s expended. Our contemporary sayB :? — ' The country was not favourable for the use of Artil lery, but its employment is always of advantage in teaching ? the infantry its proper duty as part of a fully organised, force. The relations of Artillery and in fantry were not so closely respected :as they might have been, but that is only a matter of further exercise in combina tion. Tho union of both branches in such movements, besides giving the men an interest in their work, will be pro-' ductive of much material benefit in several respects.' Our paternal Govern ment, however, prevents the Artillery and Rifles at Launceston from receiving any benefit by amalgamating for finld manoeuvres, by refusing to give the former any better weapons than old fashioned field guns, and obsolete Enfield rifles, issued 23 years ago, for which there is no ammunition in the colony, nor any made out of it. This is ' encouraging' the Volunteer movement in the north. ' ; Inverjiat.— A correspondent writes :— r For the last two Sundays gospel services have been held, afternoon and evening, by some of the 'brethren' in a tent erected in Invermsiy Park, and on both occasions they have received signs of dis approbation from tho larrikin element of, the suburban population, and on Sunday evening last the , tent was partially over thrown in the course of the melee. It is a question whether these services are not productive of more harm than good, as ; they form the venue for the gathering, of a largo number of children, who romp and play in tho Park, quite ' contrary to the reverence due to the Lord's-day, and also to the desires of tho promoters of tho ser vices, who, ' however, are, though un willingly, yet in fact tho cause of convert ing the neighbourhood into ''a Pandemo nium, and the desecration of the Sabbath by those who have thus an opportunity , of bringing their native 'proclivities into' action. Almost every week events occur at Invermay which prove' the cry; for police protection there to be' prompted by justice and necessity. .. .,..'?' ; Cornwall Insurance Company. — A special meeting of shareholders in 'the above- named Company was held on Mon day at the office, St. John-street, to con sider the following resolution passed at the speoial meeting of directors :— -That as it is apprehended that the resolution of the directors passed on the 4th day cf April last for extending the oopartner Bhip of the 'Cornwall Fire and Marine Insurance Company for a further term of fourteen years may not be approved of by the special meeting of the Company convened for chat purpose, it is therefore resolved that the existing term' of co partnership of the said Company, which will expire on -the fifth day of November next, shall be extended from that date for such further period, not exceeding fourteen years. Mr. Hart occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of shareholders present. A resolution was passed deciding to extend the term of the present Company from the 5th November next for two years. ...... The Bishop of Hobart.— Our Hobart correspondent has already telegraphed that on- Sunday last, ;at St. Mary's Cathedral, Hobart, was celebrated the thirty-seventh: anniversary of the episco pate of the present Bishop of Hobart, the Right Rev. Daniel Murphy, who was consecrated by the Bishop of . Cork, assisted by the Bishops of. Limerick and Kerry, on the second Sunday of October, 1846\. We understand that the consecra tion took place in the Kinsale Church, County Cork, Ireland, the brother, of the prolate, who was then the youngest bishop in the Church, being parish priest.of Kinsale, the Very Rev. Denis Murphy, D.D. At the consecration service the sermon was preached by the present Archdeacon of Limeriok, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Brien, the, founder of the Catholic, You nc; Men's Society. At the services on Sunday last, the Rev. J. A. Sheehy, prior to the Bishop entering the Cathedral, reminded the congregation of the anniversary, and alluded to the eyentin appropriate terms,, The Bishop, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of perfect health, having read the gospel 'appointed for . the festival,, preached an eloquent and practical, 'sermon. . ',,.., ?'.'.. '' ..,'. . ' ' .'.'?,.. .'.;' : ; Mhander ELEcroRATE.— Thehon. '?'.¥.. W. .. Griibb, . V M. L.r C, announces that' he will be. unable to meet his con stituents until Monday, the 22nd inst. ' ',-./ '? ? ?.' : ,' ' . '. '?',.; '. ; Railway ; Meeting , , at . Fingal. — A large and influential meeting was held at Pingal on Thursday week, the Warden, S. H. Gruqber, Esq., in tho chair, to oon sider the vote of the lion. C. H. Leake, member for South Esk, upon the railway proposals of the Government, generally, and the interests of the fin gal district, of which ho is the representative in tho Council, in particular. The Chairman explained the objects of. the meeting, and said his. own opinion was that their mem ber, whilst advocating the interests of the country as a whole, was bound to con sider those of the district he represented, bo far as local interests contribute to the general welfare. The strength of each stick made up that of the whole bundle, but in the present instance their represen tative in the Upper House .had not only ignored their local welfare, but the interests of the country at largo, to the wealth of which they were in a position largely to contribute. Further, he had failed to. keep those promises to the electors, by means of whioh he was elected, and had therefore forfeited their confidence as representative of those interests ho was : supposed to advo cate. Resolutions, were passed ex pressive of, regret .at the adverse vote of Mr. 0. H. Leake to :the railway policy j of the Government, as injurious to the interests of the district and the colony, considering a letter of explana tion read at the meeting as unsatisfactory, and requesting that if the railway pro posals ; are again, orought ' forward for consideration, Mr. Leake will support the general railway policy of the Govern-, ment. Approval of the railway policy and of the -measures introduced this session by the Government was expressed, aud a vote of thanks was carried to Mr . Adye Douglas, tho representative for the dis trict in the House of Assembly, for the support he has afforded to the interests, of the district and the progressive policy of the Government. A vote of thanks was also passed to the Chairman and Warden for his, steadfast advocacy of the welfare of the district. .The. following, letter was ^prepared, for transmission by the Chairman to ,the hon. C. H. Leake .:' ,— ' I laid your explanatory letter: before .the, meeting to-day.. It, was considered very unsatisfactory,. and : I am requested to convey to you the opinion.,., of, this meeting. They consider that every in formation possible has been brought fprr: ward with reference to , the railway policy oE , the . Government ; . ' that only, such : further details could be furnished as ought to.be left to Ministers to. carry out, and ' that the rejection of their railway policy \ on. the ground stated, and .the , only one, y.iz. , . waitiDg for further information, appears but a mere pretenca, and will greatly retard the progress of the country without any possible benefit accruing.': Crossed in Love. — During the hearing ,ofva charge of vagrancy at , the Police Courtj on Monday, against a; Chinaman; named. Chung 'Hing, a large number of : Celestials were in Court, friends and. acquaintances of . the defendant. . It ap pears that until lately Chung Hing has been in partnership with a fellowcountry man as^ijardeuer ? at Deloraine. . At that place , he saw and loved a fair Tasmaniari, who apparently returned his affection, but soon after 'threw him over,' and hit the neighbourhood. This event seems to have unhinged Chung Hint's, mind, for since then he has been behaving , in -a very peculiar manner, ? his chief mania being to hire a car; drive about nearly all day in it, and then drive to Tom Sing's or Ah Catt's to get hiBifare paid.: The carman soon found out this, and refused to drive him. Another peculiarity he has lately developed is that he imagines every girl he meets is his lost love. About a fortnight ago he was sent to gaol for a week for disturbing the peace, and on Sunday he attended mass at the Catholic Chapel, and when the plate was sent round for ' tho collection he- took a, small gold fish, from his watch chain, and put it in the plate, and although asked after the service to take it back refused to do so. Yesterday ,he was sentenced tq one month's imprisonment for being idle and disorderly, the Police Magistrate saying he hoped while Chung Hing was in prison a doctor would examine him, in order to find out what state his mind was in. When Chung Hing was being removed he asked to be let off that time, as he wanted to get married that day. His countrymen in this tbwri are anxious to get him sent to New Norfolk, and are quite willing to raise a subscription to defray the expenses, and as there is little doubt 'as' to his insanity there' ought to be no difficulty in bringing this about. It is but. fair to state our belief that this is the first time a Chinaman has ever been charged in Tasmania with being ah' idle and dis orderly person, and in this case there are ''extenuating, circumstances.' ' Miners' Association of Victoria; — The annual conference of this Association was held at Sandhurst last week. ? The President, Mr. G. Williams, stated that the Association now represents 18 branohes, with 7009 members, and £6921 funds' During the post year 1638 mem bers had joined;' The Association con tinued to prosper, and was instrumental ia having several.'important ? legislative measures affecting mining carried 'into: \- law. iSteDS1 are, being taken'.', to, extendj ; the OperatiouB o^ the Association to other 'doioniei'. ?*' ???''?'?'??? ??--??????.? .?-?????? Volunteer Ttems. — Sergt: -Major [Brears, R.A., arrived from Hobart on, Monday for one month's instruction of .the Launceston Artillery Corps.. Thisia 'a longer term than usual, but it will be the last instruction for this year, so Volunteers will doubtless take the oppor tunity of the well-known instructor's pretence and attend as many parados as possible. The guns which were ordered from England for the Artillery force of Tasmania are expected to arrive at' the end of this month, or the beginning of next. They number ten in all, four for r Liunceston and six for Hobart. ? Those for the former aro : — Two 7 prs. (jointed) mountain gUns, and two 40 prs: breech loading guns ; the latter guns form part of the heavy unit (Biege): The six guns for Hobart comprise : — Two 13 .prs. breech-loaders (field) ; two 80 prs. con certed from 68 prs. smooth bore1 gun's— that is to say, the inside of 'the bore talion out and a steel tube inserted— and twd 6in. muzzle-loading guns, and' one hundred rounds of ammunition per gun is also to be sent but. The advent of these guns will cause some little excitement, as it will entail learning an entirely new drill, but so far as the Launceston - Artillery are concerned it would' seem that they are to be treated with the same neglect and ' discouragement that has hitherto marked the attitude of the Government towards this corps. : The battery for the siego guns is supposed to be selected in the -bush, about fourteen miles from Launcoston, away from telej graphic connection with either Low Head or Launceaton, but there is no battery yet, nor any provision for even mounting the guns for practice near the town, arid we understand that while Ministers are spending thousands annually on' batteries at Hobart they consider it will be time enough to commence the projected battery at Nelson's Shoals when danger arises of Tasmania becoming involved in actual iwarfare^ or tho risk of invasion by some foreign 'power. Should any report ? upon colonial defences be made to the home authorities, we trust the ideas o£ the coalition' Government for 'en- couraging' the Volunteer movement, 'in northern Tasmania will not be forgotten in it. It is a' pity that' there1 are: 'riot some' Martini-Henry rifles- for the northern corps amongst the 'consignment, as ; they, seem at present to bis more, needed than new 'guns ; but ' Ministerial consideration of such requirements' seems to be entirely- absorbed by 'the 'Premier's 'pet'i corpB,' — the' 'recently1' formed Engineer Corps. ? ;: ?' '' ?': Destruction of S^a ;BfBbs.-f-It was, we believe, at the instigation 'of the late hon. Chas. Meredith that two ^useful and - inoffensive sea birds, :the blackbacke'd gull arid the Pacific gull;: were included in the 'Game Protection Act' (42 -Viet.,1 Nbi 24:); and a penalty not exoeeding twenty1 shillings' imposed' for shooting at or'wil -fully 'killing -ithemi ' The prohibition is, however,- too often ; ignored, and these harmless birds wantonly destroyed in^ the Tamar and on our coasts.' A party of young men from '? Launceston, however, who hn ve been yachting on the Tamar, received a lesson at' George Town on Monday last. Their' vessel' was lying in the Cove on' Sunday morning when, with 'an utter disregard Of the sanctity of the day, one of the party* fired at and killed' a: grey gull that was flying past, but the act was seen by a constable, who very properly summoned, the ;offerider before the Police Oourt'on Monday. ? The quip'rit arid -his comrades duly put in an appearance, the case 'was. proved, and the defendant fined 5s with 8s 6d costs, but the exchequer of the yacht's crew proyingloWjtime was allowed for pay merit. An appeal,' however, to the good natured captain of the ,'b.s. Indignant found him, as ''usual,' willing to act the: Good Samaritan in an emergency;' and the requirements of the law were soon ?atisfied. The defendant and his friends then claimed the dead gull, which was granted by the Bench, 'and a quasi mournful procession was formed to the yacht, from whence ' subsequently arose the strains of the ' Dead Mar'oh,!'1 from a cornet aided by kerosene-tin drum,', a'card being displayed from tho mast with, 'gulls, 13a 6d' thereon, and a .reference to the meat tax as unnecessary to the* welfare of the community. We trust,.', however, that the jokers and others wilL take the hint and remember that:theaei harmless sea birds are protected 'from!' ' wanton destruction. ? . ????' ??'-!? ?'?'-?'? Sudden Death. — A man named George' - Wemhurat,' whose wife was found dead on 20th Septeinber, through injuries received while in a state of intoxication,, has since then been ? drinking heavily himself, and on Tuesday was seized with a fit, arid taken to' the Hospitaljwherehedied Wednesday. Wem hurat, who was 67 years of age, has been for 'close on 35 years in the employ of the late M-\ Wm. Johnstone and his successors Messrs. Johnstone, and Wilmot as storeman, and has been a good servant'. until overtaken recently by intemperate habits., ? A Hoax. — It seems that the notice , of the death of Mr. H. J. Mitchell that ap peared in our' obituary last week was a' hoax, as Wednesday's Melbourne! mail brought u» a letter from Mr. Mitchell intimating' that his' health' was. really ;much improved. What can be the' object of perpetrating such senseless1 aBcfe cruel pieces of deception ?.' , V An Unpleasant Adventure. — A party who drove out from town on Sun day morning to Bishopsbourne in a buggy and pair met with an awkward adventure on their retarn. The party, which con sisted of Messrs. F. J. O'Connor (who was driving), McGlynn, and E. Hunt, had proceeded about three miles on their homeward journey when one of the horses —a young one, and only half broken— became very restive. Mr. O'Connor did his utmost to quiet the animal, but with out success, and the horse at last got its off hind leg over the pole, and commenced kicking, broke the trace, and kicked the splash-board to pieces, throwing the driver out on his head, but happily doing him no injury. With the timely assis tance, of some onlookers the trap and horses were got back to Bishopsbourne, where the three travellers put up for the night, and returned to town yesterday morning little the worse for their upset. The vehicle and horses had been hired from Mr. O'Neil. New Map of Tasmania.— We have to acknowledge receipt from the Lands Office of a coloured and mounted copy of rfche new map of Tasmania, prepared under the authority of the, Minister of Lands and the superintendence of Mr. C, P. Sprent, head of the Lands Office, and Mr. Albert Reid, chief draughtsman, by Mr. Leyenthorpe Hall. It has been litho graphed by Mr. It. Bennett, of the Lands . Departmant, and the workmanship is commendable. The scale is five milesto the inch, and though much remains to make it perfeot, this is undoubt edly the most correot, and reliable, the -colony has ever possessed, and will ?meet a long felt want for a considerable time to come. It is interesting to notice the alterations made in the courses of many' of the rivers, notably the Pieman *?? and Ringarooma, as compared with older maps, but many are still merely filled in by guesswork, amongBt them the Arthur — though a change haB been made, and an extra bend or two thrown in— and the rivers, in the south-eastern portion o£ the colony. More than an approximate, however, cannot be expected at present, and it is satisfactory to find that wherever the' compilers -could supply information they have done it, and rivers and streams whose names are familiar to all interested in mining appear now for the first time upon an official map of the colony. The main and branch' roads, railways, etc. — the Mersey line being fairly taken as an accomplished fact— are all shown, and we are glad to notice that amongst the town&hips; two ?not' originally laid out by Government tout whioh have, arisen from local require ments, viz., Krushka and Heazlewood, are recognised. The mountains are the weakest feature in the map, for though well- known' ranges are1 shown in; some places, in others the principal peaks only,- are given, . as if rising like 'sugar-loafs' out of a ? plain. It is ?/ 'difficult to give a correct' outline of the numerous ranges, but the compilers have' erred in the other extreme when we find-, for instance, that Mounts Barrow, Scott;, Maurice, and Ben Nevis are all' isolated hills, and that from Mount Barrow to Ben Lomond, and from Mount Maurice to the K Blue Tier stretch open plains, and these' remarks will apply to the greater portion of the map. The heights of the majority of the principal peaks and ranges _ are given, and all the tirigometrical stations, and the baae of verification. Whatever its defects , the new map has many merits, and will be welcomed by everyone who has felt the need of some more reliable guide .than the old- fashioned large maps hither.to obtainable, or the more complete . butsmall- sizad, maps recently issued. ? : LATOpjJ&roN; Dramatic Club.— A full ?:' meeting' of the members of the above Club was held, at their Olub-room last ' Monday for the half-yearly election of officers, and the reading of the balance sheet. 'Mr. E. B. Bornsby was voted to the'chair. The following gentlemen were re-elected for the respective offices: — Secretary,' F. J. O'Connor; treasurer, Frank- A. Robertson ; stage manager, Dave, Bishop. The following additional officers were elected :— Business manager, E. B. JETornsby; auditors, Messrs. T. M'Glynn and 0. R. Ure. A Casting Committee was also elected for the pur pose of casting pieces for production. A vote of thanks waB accorded to the officers, for their past services, . and the stage manager caste Byron's great domestic comedy, 'Blow for Blow,' which the Club intend placing' on the boards, at an early date. ' , ^ ''? :- -,.,-: ..\' ? Association' of Fiji with: Australia. -. ? An agitation has. been set; On foot in Fiji' among the white residents, having for its object the admission of Fiji into any Australian convention ; or, failing that, they seek that Fiji' shall be joined to one of the Australian colonies. A. memorial has been prepared for presenta tion to' the Federal Convention to be held in Sydney in November. Accident.— A little girl, a daughter of Mri -Wi Oawston, of St. John-street, met with V' ?& nasty accident , while playing at her parents' residence through falling on -v broken glass bottle, receiving d severe gash ot. the right, wrist; The little .sufferer was promptly taken to the resi dence of Dr. Hardy, who stitched up the wound; ;,and lio unfavourable ? results are «ntidipated from the injury. Paramatta Industrial Exhibition. — We have to acknowledge receipt from Mr. Goo.Richardson,of Hobart,ofa copy of the regulations, table of classification, eto.^of the Intercolonial Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition to be opened at Paramatta Park, N.S. Wales, on 19th December next. We have already noticed the scheme of this exhibition, and may merely mention for the benefit of. any in tending exhibitors in this polony that any information can be obtained on applica tion to Mr. Geo. Riohardson, at Hobart, and that exhibits from this colony will be received if shipped by the 1st December, and will be carried free by the T.S.N. Company. Murder in Melbourne. — ? A -verdict of wilful murder has been returned against a young man,' named -Phillip Blair, at an inquest held on the body of William Oouzier, a groom, who died in the Melbourne- Hospital from the effects of a wound inflicted by the prisoner. The evidence showed that on' the 28th August last the deceased was stabbed by Blair in a quarrel arising from the former inter vening to proteot a' servant girl from in snlting conduct on the .part of Blair. Couzior 'died last week;; blood-poisoning having supervened. ? ? The Bishop of Tasmania. -^-Bishop Sandford, accompanied by Archdeacon Hales, returned to town from George Town by one of the river steamers on Monday, and left by express next day for Hobart. During his stay in the north Bishop Sandford has visited the East and. West' Tamar and the Mersey, but was unable to proceed, as he had at , first hoped, along the N. W. Coast as far as Waratah and Circular Head. He hopes, however,1 to make another tour during the coming summer, and speaks in warm terms of the cordial reception he has everywhere met from members of all communions, and of the 'hearty hospi tality accorded him in every district visited; ' ? ',' ' Supposed Case of Poisoning at Ohud leigh. — We were informed on 12th iust. that .news had reached Ghudleigh of the death ' by supposed poisoning of a Mrs. Francis, wife of a man of that name, who lived at Messrs. Field's cattle station at Middlesex Plains, whioh is about , thirty five miles from Chudleigh, on the; old' Van Diemen's Land Company's track to Bischoff. Mrs. Francis, from what could be gathered, had been on a trip to ?Biachoff— forty miles distant — and had returned, when some high words took place between her and her husband. She then went away as her husband imagined, to sleep1 in one of the adjacent huts ; but upon Jub ^ making1 a search 'for, her in the morning she was not ,? to be found in any of them. ., A further, search ' found : her lying in an adjacent paddock dead, with 'a bottle containing strychnine' (which was kept in the house for the' purpose of ?killing bush vermin) ; tightly, clenched in her hand. Francis then came into Chud leigh: and gave information to the police,1 an|i: Constable Rode'nj who'is stationed at Ohudleigh, at 'once started out with his informant, ,in- ord'er.-.if possible, to bring; the body-in,, so that, an inquest may be held;— ?:^;:\:'-:.--::^-^.1;y-:...? ?_?)-.?:; ???-?.???. A Novel ?PRboESsi- r-M'^'AIime Gerard; '(ah' English 'paper state's) 'proposes tp destroy the germs in' the dead bodies of. diseased animals by treating the carcases with cold concentrated' sulphuric acid. The destruction' of the germs is1 proved to be complete. Experiments' made at St. Gobain show that 321 kilogrammes (about 6431b. avoirdupois) at 60 'proof, dissolved in ten days nine 'sheep, weighing, 204 kilogrammes. The resulting' liquid, mixed with' 440 kilogrammes of coprolites from! Ardennes, produced' 940 kilogrammes of superphosphate of lime, containing 36 per cent, vof nitrogen. Thusbya simple pro cess most dangerous bodies are destroyed, and a valuable fertiliser obtained. ',' \ A Curious Case.— One of Messrs. ,D. j and J. Room's porters, named George' Luoas, was charged on Tuesday at the ' Police Court, and remanded, with absent ing himself without ' leave from their ? service. It appears that Lucas had applied for a pass to be taken over to Melbourne, and as he had worked for the T.S:N. Company, the pass was given him, he at the same time saying he had left Messrs. Room's service. Mr. D. Room heard of this and asked Lucas what he was going away for, when Lucas said his wife had run away from him, and he was . going to look for her. It1 was subse- j quently discovered that Lucas arid his i wife had' moved from where they were I living, leaving two weeks' rent and several j tradesmen's bills unpaid. ?' Lucas, when I arrested, had a pair of gentlemen's kid j boots on, which, he said he had bought ' from the boot saleman at Messrs. Rooms, j but this statement the salesman alleges to ?be untrue. Lucas iB also £4 to £5 in I debt to his employers for goods they have let him have, but he has always borne a good character up to the present time. ' I '-. Auckland Bar. — A recent issue of the , New Zealand HcmU , says :— ' Mr. 0. E. ? Button, ;the new partner in the-firm of Messrs. Whitaker aad Russell (law prao- I titioners) appeared for the first time in the Resident' Magistrate's Court yester day, as counsel, for the defendants in , the ; case of Gilfoyle v. the Union Sash and j Door Company. Mr. Button is evidently ; a skilled advocate and an accomplished legist,' and his accession to; the Auckland ', Bar will be an element of strength, to the .'profession,'1 ? -.'v '??,!? ?;????.?!' -.?u-i. ?.?,??..? ? ?Workmen's Club. — A special general meeting of the committee of the above Club was held at the Club-house, Eliza beth-street,on 12thinst,the business being tp receive the report of the committee on the proposed new billiard- room. There was a large attendance of members, Alderman Ellis being in the chair. Mr. C. K. Ellis brought up the report roconV mending the erection of the billiard-room at the rear of the present building. After some discussion it was resolved that the report be adopted. It was also resolved that the committee should carry out the arrangements as soon as possible, and tenders be called, shortly. The meeting terminated with, a vote of thanks to the chair. ' ''?,!-.- '-?'? ? ' :- '? ?;? - ?? ? Dastardly Outrage.— On night 11th' mat., between 12 and 1 o'clock, a most cowardly action was perpetrated at the establishment^ of Mr. W. B. Dean, of St. ' John-streot. He and his family had re tired to resit, when, 'between, the hours stated Mr. Dean heard the sound of a stone thrown through the drawing-room window in the upper storey of his premises, and jumping out of bed he rushed out in his night- dress, and saw three men running away, . but was unfortunately unable to come up with them. Mr. Dean returned to bed, but on a member of the family going into his room this morning he was .found shaking all over. Dr. Bardy was immediately sent for, who pronounced that the seizure was a paralytic stroke, the political ex citement of the past week, finished up by the repeated attacks on hi3. premises, having doubtless been- the cause; . ; Torquay Band of Hope. — A corres pondent writes: — The third meeting of this Band of Hope was held in the Torquay Town Hall on Thursday even ing, October 11, when there was a large gathering, the hall being crowded to excess. Mr. R. D. Stewart presided, and a capital programme was rendered as follows :— Duet, Misses Drake and Chap man ; recitation, Mr, Cooper ; song, MiBses Sayer ; dialogue, MiBS Sayer and Master Drake ; reoitation, Miss Plummer ; dialogue, Masters Gardam and Stott ; recitation, Mr. M'Oall ; readings, Miaa C. B. Chapman, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Phillips ; reoitation, Master T. Plummer ; song, Miss Higgs ; song (instrumental), Miss E. Chapman ; selection ' of music, Miss M. Stewart; addresses', Messrs. Stewart and Naylor. After the concert 28 signed the pledge and put on the blue ribbon, making a. total of 105 members for the district. i Death of Professor Denton.— Tt will be seen by our telegraphicm'ews that Professor Denton, the well-kiio wnlecturer oh geology and astronomy who accom panied Captain Armit, the special corres pondent of -the Argus to New Guinea,' died of. exhaustion on tjie 26th of August. Captain Armit has returned in' the mission steamer Ellangowan to Cook town in ' Queensland, the whole party with one exception being prostrated with fever. Professor Denton, it will be.ro-. membered, carao to Australia from America in 1881, and delivered .lectures of a sensational character which attracted great attention on the history and for mation of the earth, sun, and moon. r He also visited the prinoipal goldfields of the' colony, with the future of which he, ex-., pressed himself well satisfied, and said that deep leads would probably be found at Temora. Profeissor Denton also lectured in Hobart; where his; remarks created considerable interest. Wesleyan Foreign Mission. — The atinual services in aid of the Wesleyan Foreign Mission were held on Sunday in the Wesleyan Church, Patterson-street, when the Rev. Mr.Youngman,of jViotoria, officiated. For the morning. service he chose' his text from the 17th chapter of. St. John, 3rd verse, and in the evening' from the 16th chapter of St. .John, 16th verse. There were very, large congrega tions at both services. . . Collections, amounting to a substantial sum, were taken up in aid of the Wealeyan, Foreign Mission. During the afternoon Mr. Youngman gave a sermon in Chinese in the Young Men's Christian Association rooms, Quadrant, to a Chinese audionoe. He ohose for his text 3rd chapter St. John, 16th verse. Mr. Youngman is a perfeot master of this diffiou.lt language, having acquired it during his long resi dence in the ' flowery land.'.' Singing of hymns was indulged in by the Celestials to the strains of a harmonium presided over by Mrs. Millard. Fidelity of. A Dog.— A remarkable instance of the- fidelity and sagacity of the dog' happened at Milford Haven. Two men named Davies and Taylor were out in a beat which was swamped. The former of these was the owner of a dog, and whilst the men were struggling in the water the animal caught hold of Taylor with the object of supporting him ; find ing, however, that it was not his master to whom he was rendering assistance, he relinquished hi3 grasp and went to the aid of DavieB, his master, supporting him until he was rescued by a passing steamer, the other man being drowned. Dr.. Caffyn. — From a Melbourne exchange we notice that Dr. S. Manning ton Gaffyn, who was recently practising here, haB issued two pamphlets entitled respectively 'Ho wy When, and Where to;Eat : A Guide. to; Colonial Diet,' and, 'Eyes, their. Use^and Abuse, with Hints on the Treatment of Colonial Eyo Diseasea.' -??_ ? ; ? ??? '?', : ? ?; ? ; ? . ''',t Further Massacres at Api.'— The French schooner Energy, which arrived at Noumea on 18th September, reports (according to the Age) that three more murders have been committed at Api, in the New Hebrides group, and one not far from where the boat's crew of the Lavinia were recently massacred. One of the murdered men was named M'Ewan, an Englishman, and the others were a Frenchman and a native. All were in the employment of Messrs. Morgan. M'Ewan was trading at Api,. and lived with a sea coast tribe, who had quarrelled with an inland tribe. The inland people wanted a body to eat before their wounded honour could be satisfied. So a num ber of them crept through the bush and ifired a volley into their adversary's village, killing M'Ewan.. The Frenchman was in a little cutter buying cocoanuts on the coast of Aaba, when a. number of natives came on board, and when he was in the aot of handing some tobacco to a native' in payment for cocoanuts he was out down with a tomahawk. AMalicolo native shared the same fate, but a Loyalty islander jumped overboard and swam to the shoro amongst the friendly natives. Next day the Loyalty islanders and the friendly natives recovered the cutter, which had been completely pillaged, and navigated her to a place of safety. The two bodies had been taken away and eaten by the murderers. H.M.S. Dart shelled the place where M'Ewan was killed, but directly she ceased firing the natives opened fire on her from the shore with Snider rifles. Analysis of Victorian Coal.— A sample of coal, says ? the Age, from the 30-inch seam recently discovered ac Cape Paterson, was recently , analysed in Ballaratby Mr. S. E. Figgis, with the following results : — Hygroscopic mois ture, 4 '10; volcanic' matter (gas, tar, etc.), 31;18 j fixed carbon, 48'12 ; aBh, 16 10. The analyst announced. that the coal submitted for-his examination was of a kind suited for domestio purposes, that it burned freely, and that its illuminating powers were considerable. Official Visit to Tamar Heads. — The tug Tamar, which proceeded to Tamar Heads on :' 10th inet. . with the Master Warden (Oapt. Gilmore) of the Launceston Marine Board, accompanied by Warden Ditoham and Mr. Ifl. M. Fisher, Master Warden of the Hobart Board, returned to the wharf on Satur day. , An anchor that . has been an obstruction in George Town Cove .for a longtime past : was removed,-' the Hebe Reef was surveyed with a view of ascer taining the best site for , a buoy, , the pilot station and lighthouses at Lagooh; Bay were inspected, and the tug left for town at 8 a.m, on Saturday, reaching the wharf at 1 p.m. '''? , '' I Homing Match. — The. first handicap match under the auspices of the recently formed Launceston Pigeon Homing ?Society took place, on Saturday after noon, there being seven entries, and the birds being flown from EvancJale. The time taken by the first birds .was as fol lows ;— Mr. J. H. Dunning's ,Lurline, 34min. 16sec, winner; Mr. R.,,, West's 'Guesswork, 34min. 54sec, second ; Mr.: It. Dowling's Volunteer; 38min. 55sec.y third. ' The winner is a recently imported' bird, and was bred in Sydney. ', ; SALEi OF THE STATE OF MONACO. — ' Yet a little while,' writes a London .paper,' and there will be one, crowned head .tha less and one state the leas in Europe. The Prince of Monaco wants to sell' the1 remainder of his dominions to the French Republic, and there can be little! doubt that the Government of M. Grevy will soon strike a bargain with his High ness;, though probably not till the latter has abated somewhat of his demands; At present the Prince asks for £400,000 and a recognition of the Blanc concession until, the i year 1910. If the republic agrees to these terms, it will pay a muoh heavier price than was paid by Napoleon III. in 1861 for the major part of the princi pality. In that year the present Sovereign of Monaco— Charles III. is his style — ceded the communes of Roquebrune and Mentone to the Emperor of the French, receiving in return the sum of £160,000. The Prince had every reason to feel thankful that he got anything, for his subjects were in rebellion against him, and clamouring for annexation to France. Prince Charles's actual territory extends over an area of eight square miles, while his subjects number over 7000. He has a standing army of 72 men, including officers ; in spite of which he cannot always feel secure on his throne. A few years since he managed to offend a German gentleman, who threatened to arm a yacht and bombard Monaco. The Frenoh Minister for Foreign Affairs of the day j. good-naturedly agreed to mediate, paeified the angry Teuton, and was rewarded by the grateful Prince with the Grand Cross of the Order of St. Charles.' . . Mulgrave- street. — Mr. John Cox, the successful tenderer for the formation of Mulgrave-street, signed the contract on Tuesday, the amount as previously stated being £979 5s, or about one-half the amount of the highest tender. The differences in the sum totals of the different tenders caused some surprise at the Council meeting, and. an opinion ' -waa expressed that Mr. Cox had written £979 inmistake for £1979. . : . 