MR. TEMPA-NT'S TEMPTATION. (From Truth.) Me. Podmobe TEHPAxr folt vory much dis gusted when the fair widow who lmdconiontod to aluro his naino handod him a valuablo braco lot in ordor that ho might get a misaing stone replaced. He was an elderly baohelor of misorly proclivities, and did not half relish tho commission, though ho could not vory_ woll refuse. It had been the aim of his life to marry a wifo with a fortune, and as Mrs Bram we'l Jivy possessed this desirable qualification, ho was naturally anxious to avoid offending nor. He therefore reluctantly took tho bracolot to Mr. Bevis, the iowollor in Sackullo-streot, but finding tbo cost of roplacing tho missing otono woul-i be considerable, he could not summon up courage to give the ordor. He locked tho bracelet up at his lodgings, and f rottod 11 good doal about tho unnecessary expense tho widow hid put him to. By dfgreos, however, ho became calmer, for it happonod that Mrs. Bramwell Jay omitted to make any inquiry about her property. As time slipped by ho began to hope that tho lady had actually forgotten all about it — which, indeod, seemed to bo tho case. Naturally Mr. Tempauy did not feel ca'lod ? -.*-**. I-.* MaPmsli li (»,. *-i,it,i.^i.tr onrl tlina if*, pjmn about that the.bracelot remained in his posses sion until tho date fixed for tin wedding was close at hand. Just at this inconvenient timo a friend of Mr. l'ompany's —to whom he wa3 under obliga tions in the way of business — must needs get married, and Mr. Tempany felt coinpellod to give him a wedding present. Ho resented this disagreeable necessity very much, because ho had suffored a great deal of uneasiness of late owing to the increaso in his expenditure inci dent to his engaeement. Ho was also, at the moment, pirticularly depressed by tlio prospect of having to pay for a honeymoon trip to the Italian lakes, not to mention sm;h compara tively trifling it ems as an outfit for himselt and promiscuous gratuities to everyone on his wed ding day. Even the consoling refleclion that, once married, his wife's iscome would beamply sufficient for both failod to soothe him, and in this unhappy stato frame of mind he suddenly recollected Mr*. Jay's brace'.ot. Sinco ho abso lutely mu-t give a wedding-presont to his friend Builivant, why should he no', make use of the bracelet ? It was a great temptation, for tho ornament hud lain in his drawer several weeks, and Mrs. Bramwell Jay had apparently forgotten it If she should happen to ask for it before thoir marriage, ho cwld invent some plausible excuse to account for the delay in re Lurning it. When they were married, he could pretend he had lost 'it, or that it had been stolen, aud if drivon into a cornsr ho couid replace it by an inferior article. As i matter of fact, however Mr Tempany iid not pauso to reflect upon remote con tingencies, for ho fflt eo inexpressibly re lieved at tho prospect of avoiding further ex ponse at the moment, that he yielded blindly ts nn overpowering temptation. As to the morality of the transaction, it can only be charitably supposed that he vaguely imagined lie had some sort of legal property in the brace let in anticipation of his rights as a husband. However this/ may be, Mr. Tompany de Bpatched tho bracelet to his friend's wife with a neatly-worded letter of congratulation and good wishes. The fact of one of the stones being missing was a little awkward, because it showed that the bracelet was not now. But Mr Tempany nattered himself that he got over this ditliculty very adroitly by remarking that the bracelet had been a cherished hoirlrom in his family for years, and that he would never have parted with it to any one but the wife of his dear und esteemed friend Builivant. By return of post he received a hearty letter of thanks from the lady, and also from his f 'iend. and Mr. Tempany experienced a thrill of vir tuous satisfaction at having for once in his life gained credit for generosity. Of course, he did not mention this little epi sode to Mr3. Bramwell Jay, and he mentally resolved never to introduco Builivant to her. But a few days afterwards he was considerably startled by the widow saying : — 'By-the-bye, Podmoto, a friend of mino writes that she has had such a nice letter from you Amy Markham and I wero old .school fellows. You never told me you know hor.' ' I never heard tho name,' said Mr. Tenipany, uneasily. ' How stupid of me ! That was her maiden name, of course,' exclaimed Mrs. Braniwell Juy, taking a letter from her desk. ' It appears she has recently been married. Her husband is Mr. — Mr. --such a queer name, and I can't read her signature ! But ho is a friend of yours.' ' Not Bnllivant !' said Mr. Temnanv. with a start. 1 Yes. She writes that hor husband is an old friend of yours, and that you sent her a beauti ful bracelet. How good of you, Podmore! You never gave me a beautiful bracelet,' added tho widow, reproachfully. ' All in the way of business !' miftered Mr. Tempiiiy, feeling faint. ' Amy says she will be passing through town to-morrow,'and will mako a point of calling to show me the bracelet,' continued Mr3. Bram well Jay, innocently. ' She says it is extremely handsome, and sho wants to read me jour kind letter. Are you ill, Podmore !' ' Uo, no. It is tho heat of tho fire,' gasped Mr. Tempany, wiping his forehead. 'I wanted you to come somewhere with me to-morrow, Xheodosia - for the whole day, I mean. I haven't been to the — tho Crystal Palace for years, or to Greenwich Park. Will you come to Greenwich Park, Theodosia?' he added, desperately. ? ' What horridly vulgar placos ! How absurd you are, Podmore!' exejaimod the. widow, looking at Jiim rather curiously, ' Besides, I want to seo Amy when sho calls. I shall cer taiulv stav in for her to-morrow.' ' I shouldn't if I wore you,1 said Mr. Tem pany, earnestly. ' Very inconsiderate of her, I call it, to awoop down upon you like that.' * I don't think so,' returned Mrs. Bramwell Jay. 'I want particularly. to see the bracelet you sent her. Will you come and meet her, Podmore?' ' No, no, thank you. Certainly not,' replied the unhappy man, hastily seizing his li it. 'I mean that I shall be busy all to-morrow — par- ticularly busy. Another timo I shall be delighted.' ' ?? ? 'I Buppose you and Amy have never met?' remarked the widow, with a auspicious glance. 'Never! No, never! I assure you,1 an swered Mr. T.mpany, and being anxious to avoid further questions, he boat a ? hasty ro» treat. ? - ? ? ? His state of agitation and nervousapprehen sion may be-easily imagined, for it seemed in evitable that -the deception he had - practised would bo exposed. The widow could not fail to recognise hor own bracelet; and would; of course, call upon him for an explanation. The situation was embarrassing, to Buy the least, and might lead to awkward consequences. Mrs. Bramwell Jay, in her natural disgust; and in dignation, would 'in all probability break off the engagement on the Bpot, and- the story1 would be known all over London. Mr Tempany got ? no sleep that night, and baoamo more and more uneasy every moment. It suddenly occurred to him, in tho midst of his mental perturbation, that hi had committed an act of felony punishable by liw. It was an awful reflection,' and caused Mr Tempany to break into a cold perspiration. The disagreeable contingency — however remoto —of finding himself in tho clock, had tho offoct oE spurring his imaginative and inventive powers, b-j l.ltut, inspired by sheer desperation, ho at longth concocted a story wliich ho hoped might servo his purpose The conscqtien e was that when, in courso of tho next day, ho roceivod a peremptory noto from tho widow, requesting him to call upon her immediately, he was able to keep the appointment with an outward appearance of calm. ?Mr. Tompany, this is most extraordinary I ' said Mra. Bramwell Jay, aftor a very cold greet ing. ' Amy has been hero this morning, and I find that tho bracelot you presented to her is mine ! I gave it to you to tako to the jeweller's.' ' Nonsonse ! ' exclaimed Mr. Tompany, with a well- feignod start of surprise. 'It is im possible ! ' ' Impossible ! Why, hor« it is ! ' said tho widow, producing tho ornament. ' Th're can bo no mistake about it, I will swear to it. Of courso, Amy returned it to me, and I have lost I no timo in asking you for an explanation.' ' Wha,t an odd circumstance — quitoludicrous ; I must speak to Boris. He ovidently gnvo me back your bracelot in mistake for tlio ono I had bo'ight,' said Mr. Tompany, spoaking quickly and norvously. ' Who is Bovis ? * inquired Mrs. Briunwoll Jay. 'Do you mean the jcwellor in Sackvillo 6treot ? ' ' Yos. I never openod tho oiso. after ho Imndad it to mo across tho counter, but sent it diiect to Mrs. Builivant,' oxphiined Mr. Terapany, gaining confidence ' I recollect it was tho sarao day that I left your bracolet to be repaired. It is clear how tho mislako arose' ' Still, it seems extraordinary ! ' repo ited tho widow, evidently only half oonvincod. ' Tlio jcwollor must bo a very careless man, and deserves a gooi scolding, t-upposo wo go at once and ask him what ho moans by it ? Xho carriage it at the door, and 1 11111 drossod for my drive, as you seo.' ' Pray don t trouble, Theodosia. I — I really think you had botter stay at homo on n cold day liko this,' cried Mr. Tompany, with fearful eagerness. ' I will c ill on Bovis at onco — this instant— but th?ro is no occasion foryou to go.' 1 Oil ! I should liko to go, and shall enjoy the man's confusion,' returned the laiy, rather sharply. ' Besides,. I am curious to see tlio bracelot you have chosen for doir Amy.' Mr. Tempany was so utterly taken aback by this sudden and unexpected -whim of Mrs. Bramwc'l Jay's, that ho c-juld not find another word to say. He followed tho ludy meekly to her carriage and took his seat beside hor, feel ing like a criminal being led to execution. This ill-timed visit to tho joweller's lmut, ho felt, iu ovitably complete his discomfiture, for Mr. Bevis would naturally deny all knowledge of the bracelet. It really seemed as though tho only course open to him was to confess every thing on the spot, to avoid neodlcss exposure and di'grnco. But Mr. Tompany could not bring himself to acknowledge his deceit unless ho was absolutely obliged, and during the drive ho resolved as a last chance to hurry into the shop nlono, on pretonco of inquiring if Mr. Bevis were within, and tako tho opportunity to whisper a word of warning in his our. No doubt the jeweller was open to 1 bribe, and would make no difficulty about screening him. In his desperate slate Mr. Tempany took heart nt this idea, and oven contrived lo converse with tho widow with apparent equanimity. But alas ! his little schomo was f riistro'ed by the accidental circumstance of the coachman takin? a wronff turning, so that when tho carriage stopped, tho sido on which tho widow was seated was nearest to tho pavement. The footman, too, was unfortunately a very smart youth, und doscended from tho box with such alacrity that the carriage door was open before Mr. Tompany had recovered his surpriso nt having reached the jeweller's. The consequence was that the widow a'ighted first and stepped into the shop, while Mr. Tompany, feeling that the Kates wero against him, and that he was pursued by a relentless Nemesis, followjd after hor in n stato of despair. ' Mr. Bevis, how came you to make such an extraordinary mistake ? You are Mr. Bevis. I presume?' said the widow, approaching the countor. 'Yes, madam,' said the jc seller, quietly. ' Will you be seated ? What mistake ? ' Mrs. Bramwell Jay explained with fatal pre cision, whilo Mr. Tempany stood by, bursting with desperate eagornO3s to put in a warning word. By sheer force of will and mesmeric influence he succeeded in catching Mr. Bovis's eye during tho recital. Now Mr. Bevis, the jeweller, was a shrowd little man, and a glance at the agonised expression on Mr. Tempany's eagor and bloodless face sufficed to put him on the alert. He knew the unhappy gentleman Dy signi, ana aiso Dy reputation, aim ciiougn their transactions had been extremely limited in oxtent, ho had pretty well ta- homed his character. He therefore gueiped at once how the laud lay and what was required of him, and though he made no sign, a ghost of a smile flickered for an instant abont the corners of his mouth when tho widow liad finished and awaited liis reply. ' I am extremely sorry, liudiun,' he answered, with calm deliberation.' 'It— it was very careless,' Mr. Tempany was emboldened to say, though his heart was beat ing fiercely. ' Very,' said the widow, emphatically, mani festly ta'ien aback. *I cunnot imagine how you could havo dono such a thing.' ' Mistakes will sometimes happen in the best regulated establishments,' said Mr. Bevis, with humility, whilo Mr. Tempany felt a strong desire to evinco his gratitude by falling on liis neck. ' Where is tho bracelot this gentleman pur chased, then?' inquired the widow, still iu an incredulous tone. For an instant Mr. Tempany's uneasiness revived, but Mr. Bovis was quito equal to the emergency. Without a moment's hesitation ho turned round and produced from a drawer be hind a oase, which ho laid upon the counter. Mr. Tompany was so overwhelmed with a blessed feeling of relief that ho felt no curiosity ns to the contents of the case. His attention was attracted to it by a startled exclamation from Mrs. Bramwell Jay :— ' Oh ! Podmore. What a splendid bracolet ! Why, it is a blaze of diamonds!' sho cried, clasping her hands. ' Eh !' exclaimed Mr. Tompany, hastily put ting on his glasses with a startled air. ' What ! Good heavens ! That iBn't tho bracelet tbut I — choso,' ho added, seeing at a glance that it must be worth several hundred pounds. ' Yes, it 1?, sir, returnod Mr. Bovis, in a very quior, decisive tono. ' Oh ! No. I — I thiik not, at least,' gasped Mr. Tompany, but observing tho shrewd look on Mr. Bevis's face, which said as plainly as possiblo that the bracelot whb tha price of tho service lie had rendorod, Mr. Tempany sub sided ii lo a frightoned and uneasy silence. 'Oh! Podmoro. This is roally too good for Amy. Much more than is necessary, I'insuro,' said the widow, who had beon gazing, on raptured, at the ornament. ' Yes, Theodosia, so I think !' aoquioscod Mr. Tempany, oagerly. ' It is too rioh. I'm sure sho would like something quite plain hotter. A gold band or a simple banglo would bs muoh more suitable. I think I will change it.' 'No, Podmoro j I havo an idea. Amy was delighted with my bracelet, and she ehull havo it. I will keep this one instead of my own as a present from you,' taid the widow, in a tono of decision ' It will be the first really hand some preaont you havo givon mo, you know.' 1 I'm sure you don't want it, Theodosia,' said Mr. Tempany, with b kind of groan. 'It — it doesn't suit your complexion, I'm afraid.' ' You think not ? L ok, Mr Bevis. What do you say?' exclaimed the widow, clasping the bracelet on her shapely arm. ? f Excellent ' cried Mr. Bevis, jin u. tone of emphatic admiration, for whioh Mr. Tompany, hated him on tho spot. 'Nothing could look handsomer.' . . . 'Very well. Thenthat issettled,' said Mrs; Bramwoll Jay, pleasantly. 'I am sure -Amy will bo glad to get my bracelet back again.' : ' You will havo tho stono replaced, of courso,? sir.?' sijd Mr. Boyis, in a business-liko tone, as heitook up tho discarded ornament. : ? ' 'Oh ! certainly,' interposed tho widow, be fore Mr. Tompany could falter a remark. 'In fact, I think tbo setting should bo renewod altogether. It is too old-fashioned.' ' I will mako u good job of it,' replied Mr. Bovis, putting the caso on ono sido. : Good day, madam. Good day to you, air.' Mr. Tempany wont out of the shop without uttering anothor word, being quite speechless with minglod emotion. .His horror at tho pro bable amount of tho jcwollot's bill was only equalled by tho maddening fooling of helpless ness which kept him from romoustrating. 80 far froiii experiencing satisfaction at his o; capo, lie was now inclined to think tint it had cost him too dear, and his sontlments towards Mr. Bovis had changed to doep rofontmenfc. Ho exeused himself from accompanying the widow for tho remainder of her drive, feeling that ho must bo alono to brood ovor his crush ing misfortunes. -Tho lady seemed noithor surpriied nor hurt at this suddon desertion, and Mr. Tempany had an uncomfortable sus picion that she rathor enjoyed his discomfiture. She was charmingly affable, howover, and over whelmed him with expressions of gratitude for his handsomo prosont when ho showed her into hor o»mage. 'By-the-by, Podmoro, dear,' she exclaimed, putting hor hoad out of tho window as pho drovo off, ' what could havo induced you say in your letter to Amy that this lovoly brace let was an hoirloom in your family ?' This significant speech rankled u good deal in Mr. Tempnny's mind when he had sufllciontly rocovored from his state of horrified bewilderment to think it ovor. It really sounded ns if tho -widow sus pected sho had been imposed upon, though she had not scrupled to turn tho rirotimstunco to uccount. It may havo been owing to a guilty conscience, but oTr. Tompany cortainly fanciod that from that day forward tho wHow began to manifest decidod coolness towards him. So apparent did this become to him, that if ho bad had any self-respect he would have termin ated the engagement. However, as Mr. Tem pany rogardod his inarriago, as wo know, from a very material point of viow, he was not in clined to bo easily affronted. At tho last moment, however, an unexpected obstacle occurred. Tho widow's solicitor in tervoned with somo very nasty suggestions about a marriago sottlement. This did no* suit Mr. Tompany's views nt all, and being un able to como to terms with the lawyer, he appealed somewhat indignantly to tho lady herself. Mrs. Bramwell Jay rofused to inter fere, saj ing that she was entirely in tbo ban Js of -her legal adviser, and tho upshot was that, finding tho widow's fortune was so strictly tied up thut he might be reduced to the unpleasant necessity of supporting liis household with his own monoy, Mr. Tompany resolved to remain a bachelor until a more favourable opportunity offered. Of course, this was a dreadful blow to him. It aged him considerably, for when ho came to add up what his engagement had cjst him ono way and unother in actual £. s. d., ho was fairly horrified at tho amount. Mr. Bovib's account brought loirs to his eyes, and reduced him to a stato of incipient imbecility for days. He had to pay it, however, nor did ho get a farthing discount. But it was at least n faint consolation to think that ho would recover something out of the lire. Tho bracelet would fetch a good round sum, evon at second hand, und this reflection buoyed him up a little so long as he was permitted to indulge in it. But alas ! Even this smill solace was denied him, for in acknowledging a sni'ill parcel containing the presents sho had uiide him, the widow wrote ns follows : — T-eak Mb TEMi-Axr, — Thanks for your sod, siul, letter, aud etu'losures. i do not liko to think of whit might have been but for those dreadful lawyers ! I roturn all tho dear gifts you gave mo oxcept one, which 1 am suro you will allow mo to keep and wear as a souvenir. The bracelet — your last gift— I cannot bring myself to pirt with and I promise to keep it always — always ! — Your friend and well-wisher, TltKODOSU. BllAMWKM. JiT. 