sam's sweetheart; BX HELEN B. MATHERS, author of " Coins' Thro' tbe Rye," u Cherry Ripe," etc. BOOK IV. — LSETITU. Chapter XI. 4 If ye love me, my lady gay, As ye protest you do, " Then turn your love from this gay knight And reach your hand to me " Bobbie s exultation at the bridegroom having arrived too late for the wedding did not last many seconds after Guv had bowed j his congratulations, and left the young man | and Cynthia together. I ' He is the Earl of Thor, now,' she said, as j one thinking aloud, and Tishy will marry I him, for she has made up her mind to be a J fine lady.' 1 'You have no right to judge her so j meanly,' cried Bobbie, feeling his light heart I change to lead, ' she always keeps her I promises, and she won't break hers to me.' I 'But he was in time,' said Cynthia j gravely, 'it is she who has failed in the 1 bargain, for he had the special licence in his I pocket, and they could have been married in the schoolroom, or ont here in the spinney— I or anywhere.' I Bobbie stood rigid, his arms hanging at j his sides, his black eyes staring straight | before him. 1 So she was playing the fool with me, he said at last. ( She never loved me any more than she loved him — the only living soul she cares for is herself.' No, she loves you/ cried Cynthia, who I knew her sister's heart as plain Tishy well I enough, ' but Mrs. Traneome is a worldly I woman whu will insist on her marrying Guy ; I and also, I am afraid that Tishy has become I so worldly, too, that she will not make much j fuss ; but she would be a miserable woman,' I added Cynthia, her hot tears dropping fast j on the snow, ( and I believe that even at the I last moment her heart would fail her, and I she would run away to us — the dear, warm- 1 hearted, lovely soul that we all love, and are so proud of.' Borne of the hardness went out of Bobbie's eyes as the girl spoke, and he recalled the look of heartfelt relief with which Guy had looked at him in his character of Letty's lover. The Earl of Thor plainly did not love Letty any better than she loved him, and I should a worldly old woman and the turning of a country girl's head spoil three precious lives? I will give her time to think about it,' he said at last, ' it would be ridiculous if Lord Thor and I were tripping up each other's heels on her doorstep, but I will go np to town to-morrow, and see her next morning/ She will not be allowed to see you,' said Cynthia sadly; 'if I were you, Bobbis, I would wait.' ' For what?' said Bobbie. 'Till you hear from her,' said Cynthia, trembling as she had never thought to tremble before her own and Tishy's play fellow. Till she has had leisure to be talked over bv that old Jezehel. and made to humiliate herself to a man who doesn't want to marry her ?' cried Bobbie, looking black, and fierce, and passionate enough to satisfy even Tishy (who hated fair men on principle). ' I have a good mind to catch the very train that fellow is going up by, and see her to-night.' ' Don't go,' cried Cynthia ; as you Baid, it would be. ridiculous your arriving there together ; she could not listen to you both at the same time.' She may pequre herself fifty times Over,' said Bobbie, doggedly, ' but she loves me, and J will save her from herself if I can.- She shall not be bought and sold by Mrs. Transom6, or anybody elBe, without being given & chance ; but if she is heartless, &b; you think, why, she may go, .and never be troubled by any of us again.' That is what the boys say,' said Cynthia, sighing heavily ; they never thought she would change so quickly ... and all in a short three weeks— she cried when she The proprietors of "The Weekly Times" have purchased the right of PRblishipg this hovel fit Victoria. ' " 1 _ ./ went away, ana she promised to be back for Christmas; indeed we all thought it was only for the chance of seeing you that she went.' 'I saw some paragraphs in the society papers about Mrs. Tcahsoms's beautiful niece, said Bobbie, but how was I to know it was Letty, when I had not ike least idea Mrs. Transoms was your aunt? I could have gone up to see her every week if I had only known, and if the door waB shut against me, have seen her in the street.' You should not have gone off in such a hurry,' said Cynthia, as she turned .her pale face homewards ; she loved you dearly, but I think you two will never marry now — no, never!' A faint whistle sounded in the. distance— a puff of smoke showed far away through the skeleton trees. Guy was on his way back to town — and Tisby. She can't have ohanged so entirely in this short time,' burst out Bobbie, his eyes following the dwindling smoke ; ' you have not seen her, so how can you tell? For all we know, she may have expected me to go to her in town, instead of coming here for her answer.' Cynthia shook her head. Tiehy had found her wings, and would not fold them yet awhile for love of either home or Bobbie. 'Well,' said the young man, grimly, (I don't envy your sister the two interviews before her — unless she means to act like an honest woman, which you don't seem to think her. In the first one she will have to accept a man who doesn't care two pins for her — in the second she will have to look in the face and for the last time jilt the man she really loves, for I'll never ask her again, so help me Heaven 1' Poor Bobbie 1' said Cynthia, not knowing which of the three she pitied most — he, or Guy, or Tishy— she was almost' inclined to' give Guy the palm, since at least the others had love, while he had none. ' Don't pity me,' cried Bobbie, eo fiercely that she jumped with surprise. 'It's bad enough to be a mere slave to her, to long myself sick for a sight of her, to love her so that the loss of her has made me a cantan kerous, bad-tempered fellow, whom everybody fights shy of — ' 'No, no,' cried Cynthia, her heart aching lor him ; ( we all love yon here as well as ever — even she does if only she will be true to herself, and stand firm against that worldly old woman.' Would the talking of fifty worldly old men move met cried Bobbie, as the two came to that wicket gate by which Tishy's heart bad leaped for joy at the sound of her lover's voice ; but she has got some notions in her bead of her duty to her family— poor Boul (and Bobbie's voice softened' and the bitter, worn look partly left his face), ' and I told her that her duty was to herself and me —and for the first time in our lives I was rough with her — and, though she didn't seem angry then, perhaps she thought of it after- Wards, and it turned her against me.' 'She never loved you so well as then,' cried Cynthia, warmly ; ' if only you had stayed — .' And with tears in her eyes she looked at the shabby house that seemed empty and eoldi now there was not Tishy's bright, gay beauty and voice to warm and fill it. ' Father takes it so to heart,' said Cynthia, In the sad, subdued way that had become natural to her of late; 'be blames himself for having let her go. He says Aunt Laetitia trill make Tishy as worldly-minded as her self for a time, and then— then — our sister will be a wretched woman for the remainder of her life.' 4 And why doesn't he exercise his authority, over her and bring her back ?' cried Bobbie. He might have done so yesterday,' said Cynthia ; but not to-day. Guy's return bas reversed everything, and, if be and Tishy makeup tbeir differences, of course, father could not interfere to separate them, and they may as well be together at AuntTransome's as here. 'And yet your father is not worldly- minded,' said Bobbie, bitterly. 'I wonder what he would have said if I had gone to him a year ago and asked him for Letty ?' 4 He would have given her to you gladly,' cried Cynthia, eagerly. 4 He always suspected that you loved one another, and was uneasy when Guy came — for just then, you know, Bobbie, you were away.' And Letty must have a lover,' said the young man, drily. 4 She is so lovely,' said Cynthia, and it is so dull here . - - and she used to love us all dearly, and would have sacrificed herself for us twenty times over . . . bat now , if whfi pftrriflD Gay it will be for herself.' And supposing that I bring her back with me to you here to-morroW ?' said Bobbie, his grasp on the wicket that seemed to live and renew in him the thrill that passed through Letty's hand when his own touched hers and be felt her body turn towards him in the darkness.' " When the sun and moon dance on that green, And that never will he," ' Quoted Cynthia, with hard, deep-drawn sobs checking her speech. She will never com£ back, Bobbie, to you or to me 1' 'Dear old Cinders,' said Bobbie,' roused out of his own selfish thoughts by the girl's soirow, ' don't fret. I'll make a last trj ; and who knows but to- morrow night we three shall be standing here together, loving each other all the better for what we have gone through ?' 'It may be so,' said Cynthia, as. she thought of the long January evening and mill-round of boys lessons that lay before her, with a to-morrow of drearier waiting still, ' but how shall I know? Will you tele graph to me if you are coming ?' 'And have the whole parish know our affairs before we know them ourselves ?' said Bobbie.- ' No ; but if I am not here by ten o'clock to-morrow night, you will know that I have failed.' ' Good luck go with you I' said the girl, and, fffrftppq oat of pure pity or because she was only Letty's sister, kissed her old playfellow's cheek, then turned and went stumbling up -the gravel path to the lonely house. Chapter XII. ' How oft she tried to drown the flame, And oft wept bifcterlie , But stfll shfiioVd the hireman duel, So well's he pleased her e'e." Ooy passed a nigh of madness, but at ten o'clock next morning changed hie clothes, arid withoutAUSing to cat, liroVe to Lincoln's Ihn Ftelds/wbere he was at first received by his solicitors as his ghost, so sincerely had they recently regretted his decease, and the loss of hiB business as the new Earl of Thor. He asked for the documents that attested the death of John Trefusis, and was shown a duly-signed certificate, and certain proofs that removed ail doubt that it was the long- missing map who had died at the place, and on the date mentioned. These papers had preceded Guy by a single mail only, and Were forwarded by a solicitor of the highest Standing in Sydney, who gave only the most meagre details of John Trefasis's death, and beyond the bare fact that he had died of malarial fever, and that no will being forthcoming, his estates de volved on the next of kin, no information whatever was vouchsafed. ' Consistent to the last,' Baid the late John Trefusis's London solicitor, as he rubbed his eye-glasses. ' The man who could walk away from twenty thousand a year, and three of the finest seats in England would scarcely take the trouble to recollect he had nearly half a million to will to anybody he pleased. ( What made him go off like that ?' said Guy ; 4 did anyone ever find out ?' 'From a mere child he had the most extraordinary gipsy instincts," said the old gentleman, ' and the greatest contempt for appearances and ceremony. Before he was five years old he would constantly be missing from his bed, and on being searched for, be found asleep under one of the trees in the park. He never seemed able to breathe save when out of doors, bat when he grew up (having come into the title very young) he went into society, and did pretty much as other young men — only that he showed a reckless dare-devilry that rather frightened people from him — and no one would have been astonished to hear that he had married some beggar girl in a freak, or gone off to the gold diggings — bat when one day he actually disappeared, it made as great a sensation as if he had been one of the most correct noble men living. Guy appeared to listen, but his thoughts were far away ; besides, he had heard some thing very like this before. , < One hour he was walking down St. James's street with one of his acquaintances, the next, his place as host at a table to Royalty was empty, and from that moment till the one in which I received the letter yon hold, not one trace of him bas ever been discovered. At first he was supposed to have been murdered, and his death formed one of the burning topics of the day, but those who knew him best, believed he had gone to Australia, and some ten years ago, a former servant of his came to us, and swore that he had seen his master over there in a bush ranger's dress, and that the recognition being mutoal, the earl forbore to wound him, and rode away.' ' Would to God he were alive now, or had left an heir !' said the haggard young man as he rose, looking as little like a young heir newly come into his kingdom as may be imagined, 'Dear me,' said the old gentleman, per plexed, ' there seems to be a rooted objection to prosperity in the Trefusis family. One wonld have thought it pleasanter to be Lord Thor than a captain on half-pay, for you sold out, I believe, before you went to Australia'.' ' I did,' said Guy haughtily, ' and I wish with all my soul I were in my old regiment now, and without a shilling in the world save what I earned. Good- morning.' ' They are all as mad as hatters,' said the old gentleman to himself as Guy went out ; ' I should not wonder if that young man bolted one of these days — was ever such perversity blown?' Then he rang the bell for his confidential clerk, and set the firBt wheel going in the slow machinery that would presently place Guy in legal possession of the title and estates of his late consin. Chapter XIII. 4 O ! see, for he gangs, an' see for he stands, The wearie heir o'Linne ; O i see, for he stands on the cold causey, And nane ane bids him come in.' When Gny accepted his duty towards Tishy, be did so without any intention of shirking his responsibilities, and on leaving his lawyer, walked straight to Grosvenor- square, and found her park-hack being led up and down outside the house, while a groom waited with another. Sorely, he wa% not expected to ride that morning, Guy thought, looking down on his splashed boots, and not observing how some one was approaching at so equal a distance with himself from the house that held Tishy, as to make both men turn in simultaneously at her door, and at the same moment lift their hand to opposite bells. As it chanced, Guy rang the servant's bell and Bobbie the visitor's, after which they looked at one another, and wretched as he t'felt, Guy could have found it in his heart to | burst out laughing ; the situation was i ridiculous. Bobbie wondered savagely if this j was the other man's first visit — if so, Tishy was not lost yet — arid then he turned from thp contemplation of the sky to find that the door was open behind him, and to hear Guy say, Miss Trefusis ?' Yes, my lord, in the morning room.' ' Take Miss Trefusis this card,' said Bobbie, curtly, as Guy passed in, ' and say that I am waiting to speak to her..' The bntler did not even look at the card in his hand ; he had seen at the first glance that this was the lover who had to be kept out, and his voice was the perfection of respect as he said, 4 Miss Trefusis is sot at home to anyone this morning, sir, except to Lord Thor.' For a moment Bobbie hesitated, the door was open, the hall empty — save for the butler. He could see the distant doorway that bad admitted Guy. Now or never was the time to have it out with her, and so much the better in Guy's presence ; but poor Bobbie had the instincts of a gentleman, and even desperate love and jealousy combined could not force him to so far forget himself. 'You will say that I called?' he said, steadying his voice with a violent effort. f I will, sir,' said the man, and even as he sijoke a distant door opened and Tiehy and Ghy's voices approached. Gently, with no appearance of knowing that Bobbie still lingered on the door- step, Saunders inexorably closed it upon him, and when the soft click sounded close to his ear, Bobbie swore to himself that he-had beta a fool not to push forward add tafc tad get bis answer. . . Excuse m'6, sir, said the butler, as Guy laid hiB hand on the look to open it, someone is just leaving— — ' Stand back,' said Guy, haughtily, and, with Tishy only a pace or two behind him, threw open the door, and the girl found herself face to face with Bobbie. Now— did Guy do this purposely — did he hope that a sadden sight of this lover, whom he knew she preferred to himself, might bring her back to her better self, and so make happy four sodls that now were such wretched ones ? Tishy drew a sharp breath and went white as ashes at sight of Bobbie ; then, with so scarcely perceptible a pause that the butler observed none, she held out her hand to the young man. ' Ah, how do you do, Mr.. Sands 2 she said. I hope your father and all are well at home ? I believe you have not met my cousin before,' and she carelessly introduced them, then stepped out and crossed the pavement to her mare. Two footmen had come out, the grooms were waiting, Saunders stood on the step. ' It looks like rain,' she said, as she patted the beautiful creature's back. ' Will you put me up, Guy?' she added, and when seated, settled her habit to her satisfaction and gathered up the reins. ' Good-bye,' she said, including both young men in her parting salutation ; ' remember, Guy, that we expect you to dinner then rode away, leaving the two standing side by side on the pavement. Bobbie lifted his hat, and without a syllable turned on his heel. There was a hell raging in his heart, but he gave no sign as he walked quietly away, knowing that the worst that could befal him had befallen. ' I never saw punishment given more neatly, or taken better in my life,' said the butler (after an interview with his mistress) to the housekeeper. ' He loves the very ground Bhe treade on — which the other one don't — but he'll never trouble her with a word of love again as long as she lives — not if she were stuffed with diamonds and rabies — or my name's not Timothy Saunders.' BOOKV. Chapter I. — Tuntha and Guv. 4 Mony a ane for him makes mean, But nane sail ken whaur he is gane ; O'ar his white banes when they are bare, The wind sail blaw for evermair.' When Guy found, Yontha gone, and his locket shining in the sunlight, be thought she was only hiding from him, as she had so often done before, and sat down, with the beautiful city set like a jewel in its rich plains before him, his mind still bent to the problem that he had found it impossible to work out during bis few short minutes of absence. He had put thought back during these past days, and while checking any expression of love with an iron hand, had given himself np to the joys of her companionship, the hourly delight of sharing with her the good fortune or accidents of their flight. They had been to each other more as good comrades than lovers who shrank from, yet trembled on, the verge of that passionate con fession which must end or enrich their happiness; bnt one of them knew that the moment must inevitably come when he would have to choose between love and duty, honour and dishonour, happiness and wretchedness, though already his decision was a foregone conclusion. He was at heart a proud man, with stern notions of honour and what he owed to the traditions of hie family — his future, too, had claims upon him that he profoundly acknowledged, and more than all these, that other fetter which had hitherto rested on him so lightly! now closed upon him with leaden weight, and would not be shaken off save by the violenoe of an effort that must leave him vanquished in his own eyeB, and smirched (however much for her sake) in those of the woman he loved. Her self-control had matched his — both he and she were morally and physically well braced up against temptation, and could renounce without sign. Yet there had always been that electric throb of sympathy between them that made the sky clear if they were together, and dark if they were apart ; that made beautiful the commonest duty if shared. . . . Was it ail ever, the wild, fearless, wholesome life ;- those glorious nights, cradled in warm mother-earth, with the blue sky for canopy, and the rustling monotone of the night winds to lull them to slumber, knowing that morning would bring them once more together, each reading bis beauty in the other's eyes, and glorying in it, as if there were but one body and heart betweeen them ? Yonder lay the city, befote him stretched the existence of the civilised being, behind hi tvi the life of the savage. For the one lived in the fullest sense of the term, and the other merely existed, supporting his unfortunate situation by adventitious aids, in not one of which was to be found happiness, so that in dying be clang to a forlorn hope of reaching that shore which imagination paints but no living eye has seen. He could understand now the apparent mwpaa of John Trefusis, for 4 to be a wan derer,' says De Guerin, 4 is to fulfil the truest conditions of humanity,' and the wanderer's cousin felt this truth without knowing that it had ever been expressed. His soul revolted at the petty mill-round of 89 -called pleasure that lay before him. He knew it so well, and now it was not worth one tithe of a true lover's kiss or toe fearless T"flependen0a of a lip that owes no man an-" thing and bows only to his Maker. He bad duties at home— ay— but a mar rarely dies without a better than he springing up to fill his shoes ; and those tenant t he never seen ; those improvement - at Government knew how to carry out 1 <6 efficaciously than he might— would bo ail better for his non-appearance ; and Tisby — , well, Tishy wonld probably resign hei fdf to circumstances and marry toe curate. Poor Tishy! Why had he never loved \:er, yet asked her to marry him ? A little idleness and some pity , & little cold admiration of her beauty, with a great i deed of liking for her unconventional ways landhoneat, hard-working these had made them at ofe ss&ejSjaSss;!- would bring Mr. No doubt sho was sewing herwtajsown now, awaiting his return with the cheerfuL ness that had witnessed his departure and which might be disturbed by the.ifitetogenoe probably now on its road to he? through Garruthers. „ _ . -Had she ever loved him ? once during his courtship of her had he stopped to ask himself toe question. - He had been King Cophetua in the future she the beggar- maid in toe present ; and it was more wit a the generous glow of one who showers alms than the humble, waiting pride of the suppliant that he had wooed and left her, certain of finding her dutiful and obedient on his return. Perhaps she would cry a little on account of her family and herself when she heard the report of his death . . for her family first, since she was a girl in whom home ties were strong, and the acquaintance of a few weeks was not to be reckoned in value beside the associations of yean. Her independence of spirit had attracted him, it was so like his own ; and the women of his world had so entirely failed to tempt or interest him, that a Devonshire girl easily accomplished what had appeared impossible, , so that society experienced a sensation on hearing that the future Earl of Thor was engaged to a consin whose father was 4 passing poor' on a hundred and forty pounds a year. And he had offered to throw her over — to prove himself dead to con science and duty — to give up a magnificent inheritance for toe uncertain one that toe sky and winds permitted' — all this in a moment of madness, when by a decision unconsciously arrived at, he all along intended by one swift, fierce wrench to free himself from his present thraldom and face "his duty like a man. But insensibly this savage maiden had won him, so that he was no longer his own master — her parity, courage, truth, all that he had felt lacking in oivilised women he fonnd in her, nobly seconding the charms of body that had first fixed his gaze, and determined his pursuit of her. In his past life he had been no Bayard, but he had also been no flirt. If Yuntha had not roused in him the spirit of resistance by her seeming coquetry, he might have gone on his way untempted, and died or lived, coldly faitof nl to Tishy to toe end. But if he had kissed and followed lmr as_ a coquette, he had found her none, and with his whole soul he honoured as well as passionately worshipped her, and even while just now he had sacrificed his integrity for her sake, he felt himself lowered in her eyes, and scarcely worthy of the love she had so coldly and proudly confessed. But she loved him, and would bid him stay ; yet the thought of toe 'sacrifice he was making for her cooled the fever-heat of his blood, and dimmed her beauty, as he gazed at the distant Qity, and asked himself if, indeed, be were not a traitor to his better self in ' giving up honour, duty, and self- respect, all for the sake of love. The morning brightened and grew, but still he sat therewith eyes fixed, and deep in thought, hearkening less for toe sound of a footstep behind him than bidding farewell to that life to which honour and duty plaiaty called him. I (TO BE COXTIKTTEp). 