BARELEIGH PRIORY. sI Butthe yoinig lady ievery charylof any in: vestigation into her chamber, of horror, and I am upon expelled .from it, when, om ecca sioiiailva t.to ],ooij' I pop' inpn phoe two ' They blo, no' and then, bt In mist:admit seldom.viesit(Bareleigh, the last occasion being the christening of, my second boy, who was nameind Georgia L i. 'iih.loiior of his'two spoineori they beinig insepiarable-and thus riving him one godmother more than his comn plemhnt';lDr.Sizns, wiho has. gained our sins ,cere.apd friendly regard, standing as godfa'her. ubin'and iI areatialt xeally happy. T ir'f`Tiriidantianropic and exclusive. ' W haerib made some friends and many ac* quidintaice asroog thei ceuhtyfauiilies around u.r(1Bareleigh is no longer, desolate.,a: Ve hinerein a greatieeasuri e restored it to its original design, 'and aboliheld moderi' iinoa vation. for whiih iiiy ieibuid's indifference and his father's-wantaof-taste were responsible Not only are the young tress growing up around us literally,'but thie young saplings of our own reariig lieepour hearts green and our feelings young.l'r j ?r' . 0: , Mysterious corrpors and secret boudoirs are thrown open' to dayghhtia d necho to he sound of tlirhlitzii' &oicesand;'the 'clatter of little 1eet.*o ,I.:: ru'c Z l::: r ce :wU cNo cornetri unexplored., . *,j .ph. how different from my flrt experience of it nio eyears ago. SEven olemn Stubbl'iondeecinds t forget his dignify, aind triot at steady pace witlithe son and heir of the Tuders hion his back, and poor old .elson is the feeble but faithful favourite with all our darlings. :Uyder thepirifying' inifluence of ahlappy inarnage:lsreleigh'a ghost has been laid, sts shadows diapelledow e .h T -. D I i Euthren Tudor has become abetter man, and Ithank God that hehas been so merciful to my sin as to bring ood out of evil and' spare me o tetis those sweets I once in my pride de spiend, the inestimable blessings o wifehood and matermsy. v. - Tbreioe s o inDorchester churchyard kept grie'n iid noar foirgotteii by me. It'stiands not-far froi the Tidoi fault, and there'the early niystery of nif husband's life is buried, the erring son of the erring mother, never wholly resognised in his father's heart. Th f'done cross bpare the simple record of his name and age, f6llobed with thi brief text \--'God will redeem'siy sbul,' but all who re imember him in the days of his early mIanhood, mie inherent vice had deeecrated the fair temple, all who recallUhis brikht face and mery.laugh. I ipeak.softly;'tniskhiidly of poor-Charlie. 