VICTORIA. Melbourne, June 29. The Wimmera has overflowed its banks at Dimboola, and a large area of land under wheat is submerged. The Rev. A, TurnhulJ. Anglican clergy man, has joined die Salvation Army. The railway from Kooran Vale to Bdort was opened to-day. Several Ministers attended the demonstration, and a banquet that followed. The Government contemplate making a large increase in the vote for proepectinp. The Central Board of Health is considering whether it is necessary to impose the quaran tine regulations in view of the outbreak of cholera in Egypt. The railway from Colac to Camperdown was opened on Monday. Medboubxe. July 1. The annual collections for the Pope were made in the Catholic Churches to-day. A tire occurred last night at North Mel bourne. The Advertiser Office was destroyed. Among the property burnt was the Rev. Mr. Macdonald's translation of the Bible into the New Hebrides language. A fire took place in a house at Specimen Gully, near Caatlemaine, on Saturday. Mrs. Turnboll, the wife of the occupier, was burnt to death and beyond recognition. The bouse was destroyed. It is snpposed that the deceased, who was subject to fits, set fire to her dress. Melboc&ke;, July 2. The revenue returns issued show that the total revenue for the quarter was £1,352,296. The receipts from railways and customs and excise da ties show an increase. At the Victoria Amateur Turf CLub meet ing at Canlfield on Saturday, the weather was tine and the attendance good. The racing re sulted as follows : — Selling Race : Castaway, 1 ; Halifax, 2 ; Whisper, 3. Handicap Hurdle Race : Buzza, 1 ; Triplet. 2 ; MQIer, 3. Vic toria Gold Cup : Black Jacket, 1 ; AbdaUab, 2 ; Zerlo, 3 ; won by three lengths ; 4 mins. 52 sees. Ladies' Trophy : The Ghost. 1 ; Liddington, 2 ; 1 ransferred, 3. Steeplechase: General Jacka-on, 1 ; Vaulter, 2 ; Napoleon, 3. Melbourne, July 3. Pariiameot opened to-day. The Governor's Speech refers to the cordial concurrence of the Government in the annexation of New Guinea by Queensland, and their full recogni tion of the importance of the security of the group of islands between New Guinea and Fiji. It also alludes to the satisfactory resolts of the Postal Union Conference, and reference was made to the recent connection by railway of the colony with New South Wales. It states that it is intended to open np negotiations with the other colonies tent to which federation waa practicable at present. Various Bills are promised, in cluding one for the reform of the Civil Service, The Address in Rrply was carried in the Council after a brief debate. In the Assembly numerous petitions were presented against the opening of the Public Library on Sundays. — Mr. Wrixon regretted that the Imperial Government bad refused to annex New Guinea. The Honae cheered him. Mr. Woods said though the decision was unfortu nate, it would urge the colonies to renewed and more determined efforts to convince the Imperial Government that Xew Guinea ought to be annexed. Mr. Service Baid that if Beater's message re specting the annexation of the New Hebrides was correct. Lord Derby had not treated the question like a statesman, but the Government would not be delayed by the state of affairs in Queensland. They would ask the Government of the latter colony what they intended to do regarding the annexation of New Guinea, and would allow Queensland to continue to take the leading position in the negotiations unless that colony was unwilling to retain it, and on a future occasion the Government wonld con sult Parliament on the subject. What was desired was the annexation of New Guinea, not particularly to Queensland, but to the British Empire. Regarding federation he wanted to know what difficulties there were in tfae way of its being brought about ; if there were really any, then he would try to remove them, Having removed some of them theosjestusi would then be — cannot we dis pose of tbe re*. She Addnaa waa carried wftsoaladiTaBoci. Two youths were fined £2 each for violently assaulting the Rev. J. J. H alley, a leading CoQjTtegational minister. In the Assembly Mr. Service eaid that the cablegrams respecting Xew Guinea, published to-day, indicated distinctly that a little more pressnre from the colonies would induce England either to allow annexation or the establishment of a protectorate for that »ri«irt. The Victorian Government, be stated, would cororounicate with Queensland if that colony did not move in the matter in a few days. Melbocrke, Joly 5. The use of both public halh at Kilmore were refused to Mr. Redmond. Two hundred pounds' worth of jewellery was stolen from Behram's shop in Castiemaine on Tuesday night. An application was made in the Equity Court to have the affairs of the late Archibald Johnson, who left over £100,000, administered by the Court. Judgment was reserved. The proprietors of the Evening Berold were fined £25, with costs, for publishing affidavits in an action brought by Herman, a money ender. acainst Mr. Chimside. -whilst the case was mb judiee. In the Legislative Assembly last night, Mr. derailing the Trustees of the Public library for opening the National Gallery on Sundays. After along debate the House divided, thirty seven voted in favour of the motion and twelve against. The Trustees will now revert to the original practice untO Parliament other wise determine. 