XJSONIO GATHERING ATaSTQ2Ti .Mr. J. A. -Roberts, Deputy- Grand Mas, - the newly, formed Grand Ledgo of Froo and Aj. ccptcd Masons of Victoria, entertained abont 60 .'members of the craft at his private residence at Brighton yesterday morning. After partaking r of refreshments the company dispersed about the . grounds, and inspected among other things Mr. ' Bobortri stud of trotting horses, tihortly after nnu o'clock an adjournment was, mado to Grim- bly's Hotel, Brighton beach, where a banquet was provided. Mr. Itoboita was supported on tho right' by lire. George Coppin, Grand Master of tho Grand Lodge of Victoria, and on the left by Bro.. J. S. l'arncll. Grand Master of tho Grand Lodgo of Now South Wales. Among tho visitors wore . D.G.M. Manning, Attornoy-Geacral of' Queens-.- land ; Bro. D.G.M. Booth, of the Now South Wales Grand Lodge ; J. Hunt, Grand Repre sentative Grand Lodge of Iowa ; G. .. T. -, . Starkey, G. R. Welts, . P.M.; Chancellor, repre sentative. of the Grand Lodge of Oregon : P, M. Gray, editor of tho Sydney Freeman ; and several other representative brethren of tho New Sonth Wales and other masonic lodges. After the usual loyal toasts, the chairman proposed The Visitors, remarking that ho Loped ere long to. see a masonic hall erected in Melbourne worthy of the sublime objects to "which it would be dedicated. Bro. Farnoll, in responding, said they came to; assist their Victorian brethren as a labor of love in opening, their grand lodge. It was not, howcTor, their intention to eliminate thcmsolvcs from tho grand lodge of the English, constitution. He believed thpt before many ' months had elapsed the, Sydney, brethren would, receive on invitation to Victoria to assist - in lay- ing the foundation stone of a ball worthy of .the. ancient' Order they loved somach.' Bro! Manning, proposed tbe health of Bra Coppin, Grand 'Master at the'Grand Ledge; of Victoria, in eulogistic terms, which .was drank -with enthusiasm. Bra. Coppin thanked the brethren heartily far the cordial manner in which his health had been drunk, and for the compliments paid to him. He was glad to say that the Grand Lodge of Victoria . had. commenced, its career energetically, and eventually thoy would make their marie all over the world. Ho proposed' the health of their host .Mr. Roborts thanked the brethren for tho honor they had accorded to him, and also to his Sydney friends for being his'ghosts that day. Ho hoped .Ore long to once more seo them on tbo occasion of Isying tbe foundation stone of tho new masonic hall. . The company then . adjourned, to tho Elstorawick' course to witness a '.display of. trot ting by some of Mr. Roberts's homes; .Boccacio especially being much admired. The company were ;then driven to'tho station In vehicles pro Tided for the purpose, and were heartily cheered is the train left the station. 