FICTION. (From BaflUta, American, and other »-«rlMUeal*) Two Fair Women. CHAPTER XXV. FREEDOM. At that, imperative command Howard suspended his chastisement, swung suddenly around, and saw three men peering in between the bars of the door upon the scene just described. His thin, pale face lighted with joy, for he has stantly recognised his friend, who had returned with his companion and another man, whom Howard surmised was an officer. ? He sprang for the key which Griggs had thrown upon the floor, bounded to the door, unlocked it, and threw it open. The keeper, as soon as those merciless blows oessed, started to his feet, and now came forward, forming, and swearing, and vowing vengeance upon his castigator ; but he dare not lay hands upon him again, for he still held that heavy whip, and be still felt the effects of his Indigestion too keenly to wish to test it further at present. He, too, recognised the two physicians who had visited him in the morning, and wondered, while at the same time he did not feel very comfortable at receiving a second call from them. He saw the third gentleman, also, and thought perhaps they had brought another doctor to go over the asylum ; but he did not for a moment suspect their real object. upon their arrival, not finding the keeper in the room which he need for his office; they inquired of one of his assistants where he was, and were told that he was" having a tussle with the wild man," but he would call him at once, if they desired. Dr. Anthony, however, objected to this, saying they had returned to examine that very case, and he immediately led the way to the place where Howard was confined, reaching the spot just as he was getting out the retribution, so long delayed but so richly deserved, upon the cowardly keeper. He knew at once that they had come to liberate him-that his long imprisonment and offerings were over at last, and as he swung wide the door he said: I Come in, gentlemen. You have found me in a state of excitement, and perhaps it was rather beneath my dignity to take matters thus into my own hands ; but human nature cannot bear everything and the limit of my endurance was reached when this william came here with this weapon in his hand a little while since, and sought to drive me about like a dog I wrenched the whip from him, and, as you see, have repaid a portion of the debt I owe him." "Served him right, tool" Or. Anthony muttered with a lowering glance at the discomfited keepers who, as yet unable to speak, stood wiping the per- spiration fromJit|crimson face with¿bandage> regret less aud!trembHrJg thaY'they 6ouldtscà^1y'l&d;?the handkerchief with which he was performing the operation. The angry look from the physician served to bring him somewhat to himself, and he approached them; to pretended alarm, saying : "RtAnfl fi-Jr>1r it and tiXttnmt, is fling I. ma Irrt as! "Stand back, it you please, or there is no knowing that you may not be served in the same way that I have been, for my patient is unusually dangerous just now. I know not what fortune circumstance' has brought you back here at this opportune moment but I am greatly indebted to you for without doubt you have eased my life. After you left this morning this poor fellow broke forth into the wildest raving. Ton remember I told you that the sight of strangers was liable to produce that effect,'' he said, glancing nervously at Dr. Anthony. * ' I came to him several times," he proceeded, and tried to soothe him, but without avail and I was at last obliged to resort to force;' much as I dislike to do so. But I miscalculated; his strength ; he got the best of me, and has nearly beaten the life out of me, as you perceive, as he held out his still trembling bands, which were Covered with livid wells from the blows that he had tried to ward off. While Grigg was making this speech Dr. Anthony had exchanged glances with Howard, making signs to tell him that the stranger accompanying them was an officer, who had come prepared to avenge his wrongs. With a deeply drawn breath, Howard Montgomery stood erect, tossed back the long dark locks from his forehead, and with a smile of scorn curling his handsome lips, he said " I shall not presume to contradict the statements just made, but, instead proclaim this scoundrel, who calls himself Dr. Grigg,' a thief, a perjurer, an abuse of the helpless and suffering, and a villain of the deepest dye-" ''Stand back I" Grigg interrupted, with an angry glance A himv ,*;Lookttnit,cJientlemen, or he will spring upon one of you before you know it. I most insist that you retire and allow me to come, out and lock the door, after which I shall be happy to confer with you." As he spoke, he tried to force them back, and his own way out of the room, i n Note goes so fast, If you please, Dr. Grigg," laconically interposed the officer, and with ironical emphasis. Then going to his side, he laid his hand heavily upon his shoulder, and continued : " It becomes my duty to arrest you in the name of her majesty, the queen. ' "What I-what I-what I" grasped and stuttered the astonished manage what does this mean P-what is the charge against me F" " Well, there are several, if I'm not mistaken, and | you're the fellow that I take you to be but Mt. Montgomery's charges of theft and perjury will do for the present, I reckon," returned the officer, coolly. I The keeper flew into a tremendous passion at this, although his visitor could see that he grew white about the mouth at the remarks of the officer. ' ' " Do you dare to do such a thing, upon the evidence of an insane man and a condemned criminal f I will not stand it-it is a scandalous proceeding, and I swear-" That will do, sir," interrupted the officer, not in the least disturbed by all this bluster. '. Wait, and do your swearing before the judge. But these two physicians have treated the insane for years, and are prepared to make an examination of Mr. Mont* Emery's case, but meanwhile you are my prisoner." The man wore a horrible oath, I " I won't be put under arrest," be screamed, * "rf hat proof have you P" " The proof is upon his own person even now," in tampered Howard, calmly. " Very well, sir ; we will search him," said the officer. Grigg looked relieved at that- be never once thought of the wallet he had stolen three years previously. "All right," he said, heartily; search away as much as you like you will find nothing," and be began to empty his pockets with great alacrity. There were bills and papers, keys, bits of twine and rope, a jacknife and the wallet. " The proof is there," Howard said, pointing to it. Grigg laughed coarsely, but be gave Howard a startled glance nevertheless, while he unhesitatingly opened it and displayed its contents a few notes, some silver, and several bills. " I think you will find nothing there, gentlemen and this wallet I have carried for years," he said. "Yes, for two years and eight or ten months," Howard said, sternly ; then, turning to the others, be continued: " Gentlemen, that wallet of mine ; I bought it four years ago in New York of Anderson, Phelps, k Co., whose name you will find stamped in gilt upon it and now, if you will allow me to take it for one moment, I can convince you that I am the rightful owner" Grigg now began to look alarmed, and cried out that it was a shame for them to stand there and listen to the ravings of a madman, to the injury and ruin of a respectable subject of her majesty, the queen. But the officer sternly bade him be still, and passed the wallet to Howard, who deftly opened the clasp before mentioned, and then handed it back again. " My name," he said, is Howard Montgomery, of Dr. Anthony there can testify, for we were room- mates for three years. You will find ' H. Montgomery engraved upon the inside of that silver clasp, which you perceive is hollow." The officer and the two physicians examined it, and found the name as be had described. Grigg grew livid with fear and rage as he now comprehended that all this trouble had come upon him through his allowing a stranger to visit his victim unattended, and he inwardly cursed himself for his stupidity and neglect. " Now sir," continued Howard, " to still further prove my position, if you will take your knife and rip the stitching di the second pocket, you will find my full name written with Ink upon the rough side of the leather." The officer did as he was requested, the name was found, and then Howard related in as few words as possible the etrenmttaaces of his encounter with the villian of his arrest, and the events which had occurred since, together with the suffering head abuse which he had endured at the hands of the wretch before them. " It is all a lie," Grigg screamed, seeing that at last he was cornered, and with the most dreadful pro- sanity. Then with an energy and agility born of despair, he made a bound for the door in a mad effort to care. But the three strangers instantly closed around him, cutting off every hope in that direction. The officer seized him by the arm, and by a deed troop movement slipped a pair of handcuffs upon his wrists, and he was now a prisoner indeed. "Tr. Grigg, my fine fellow, I know you were in a hurry, he said, with ironical politeness, at he fastened them securely, " but we cannot be deprived of your agreeable society just yet; there are several little accounts to be settled first." " You shall pay dearly for this," formed the dis- appointed mary a madman's word will never be taken in court." "I am afraid the court will find altogether, too much * method in his madness' for your comfort," remarked Dr. Anthony, as be stepped forward and grasped- Howard warmly by the hand. of " My friend," he said, many years springing to his eyes, as I never can tell you how startled and horrid fled I was today, to find you to such a place this and if At," pointing to the vanquished keeper, had happened to be with me when I saw you, I should surely have betrayed myself and you, and he would have escaped arrest, and the penalty he so richly deserves. What a life you must have led-what suffering you must have endured 1" Howard sank into the one chair in the room; his strength was all gone now that his deliverance was achieved, and it was several moments before he could command himself sufficiently to speak, while his friend, observing his emotion, was also so over- come that he was obliged to go to the window to hide his own agitation, Presently, however, he approached the gentleman who had accompanied him. " Howard," he said, leading him forward to his chum, " this is my friend, Dr. Forsyth, of London, and with whom I studied in Germany awhile. We have been making an extensive tour this summer, visiting asylums for the insane in different countries, and looking into their methods of treatment I'm sure I cannot imagine what put the idea into our heads to come to this institution today, but I shall never cease to thank God that we did to," a Amen 1" said Dr. Forsyth, heartily, as he exchanged cordial greetings with Howard, and after a little more conversation that gentleman proposed that they should all get out of that place at soon as possible. "Do yon mean that Zam to go to-day P Howard asked, growing very white. " Certainly ; you did not suppose, I trust, that we intended leaving you behind," replied Dr. Forsyth reproachfully. But are there no formalities to be gone through with, no terms to be made before I am free of Howard asked, with trembling lips. " No-you are just as free to go as we are, and we have a double carriage at the door, waiting to take you with us." " But you forget that I was, in the eyes of the law, a criminal before I became an insane pauper," Howard persisted, with some bitterness, Hope had lain dormant for so long that he could not realize even now the fact of his deliverance. "We have forgotten nothing," Dr. Anthony said, huskily. " There, will, of course, have to be another trial, but we have given bound for you, and hold our selves responsible for your appearance before the nextaatlse«; and also," he added, more lightly, for your good behaviour as a lunatic." " But look at me I my appearance will not be very creditable to either you or myself," Howard returned glancing ruefully at his wretched garments, ," We won't give a thought to that now ; I must get you out of this vile place," George Anthony said, with a shudder. " Besides," he added, " I have a light spring overcoat in the carriage that will cover you finely, and I imagine that we can confiscate a hat of some kind about the premises. " Come," and linking his arm within that of his early friend, he led him from the wretched abode where he had dragged out such a miserable existence for nearly three years." "Come" the officer said to his prisoner, after the others had departed. " I have a carriage waiting for you." " I will not," he answered, hoarsely, and planted himself firmly against the side of the building in a hesitating attitude. " Oh, but I think you and, I make no doubt I could master you easily enough alone, but I'm not fond of over-exerting myself; to If I blow this little whistle my pal will be up in a hurry to see what's wanted. But, the officer continued, with a cunning gleam in his eyes, which looked straight into those of his captive, " can you tell me before we go, what act of Parliament made Jokey Jackson over into Dr. Grigg of The ex-keeper gave him one frightened, despairing look, uttered a groan, and then allowed himself to be led away without another word or act of resistance. " Because," continued the officer, in his off-hand way, as they went down stairs, " I've been looking for that first-named individual for the past five years to settle a little matter down in London for house breaking and robbery, and for an assault upon a defenceless woman. Eh P did you ever hear of such a case P" And while Dr. Grigg, alias Jackey Jackson, was driven away to prison to await his trial, and realise something of what his victim had suffered before him, Howard Montgomery v conveyed to a first class hotel, where, two hours later, died as became his means and position, he sat down to a repast fit for a king, which his friends had ordered to be served in a private room immediately upon their return from their mission. CHAPTER XXVI. TBX MXTUBJJ TO NEW TOM. George Anthony said truly when he told Howard that he had been greatly shocked and excited upon discovering his friend to be an inmate of that institution for insane paupers. After leaving him he had hurried Dr. Forsyth as quickly as possible from the place, and once in their carriage he had sunk into his seat, looking as if he had seen a ghost. " What ails you P" Dr. Forsyth asked him, while be regarded his pale, shocked fact with surprise. "My God, Forsyth! you could knock me down with a feather; that so-called 'madman whom we have just left it one of my dearest friends." "What do you mean?" exclaimed his friend, in astonishment "Just what I tell you ; And besides all this, he is no more mad than you or I. The great English physician could scarcely credit what he heard. a Imponible 1" he ejaculated. "Is he an Amar- seen P" " Yes, a wealthy American gentleman. We were at college together for three years at Yale in New Haven, Connard a finer fellow never drew breath The last I heard of him was that he had married and started on a European tour with his wife. And I tell you, seeing him in that vile den to-day has given me a turn that I find it hard to get over." " I should imagine so ; are you sure of your man P" "As cure at I am of my own identity, and he recognised me instantly." "WhirelsbiiwifeP" "I do not know he did not mention her he had only time for a how words, for he said if Grigg should inspect that he was recognised, his chance for deliverance would be lost," Dr. Anthony returned, and then went on to relate what Howard had told him regarding the strange circumstances which had brought him to such a strait. "It is the strangest story that I ever heard in my life, " Dr. Forsyth said, " and that rascal shall suffer to the extent of the law for the part he has played in it But why on earth did you not denounce him then and there P We could easily have liberated your friend on the spot." " Montgomery thought it would be better for me to return to the city and swear out a warrant against the keeper. If we had attempted to act without authority we might have got ourselves into trouble, and also given the wretch an opportunity to escape Thetis true; your friend's advice is good," returned his companion, "and now we will put this matter through and he shall be liberated before the sun goes down, while that wretched keeper shall sleep In a dungeon." Upon reaching the city they went immediately to the proper authorities, made their statement, gave bonds for Howard, testifying to their conviction that he was a perfectly sane man, and secured a warrant for the arrest of Grigg upon the charges of theft and perjury, and also for the abuse of his power, in cruelly torturing those under his care. Dr. Forsyth, being an Englishman and a gentleman of influence, and also knowing all the inns and outs of the laws of his country, made quick work of the matter, and four hours from the time of their first visit to the asylum, the two physicians, accompanied by an officer, were back again to release Howard, and arrest the villainous keeper. While Dr. Grigg, alias Jackey Jackson, was raving and swearing in a gloomy prison over the abrupt and unhappy termination of his career Howard sat with his friends in a luxurious parlor of a first-class hotel, and told his thrilling experience of the last three years. "It is the strangest tale that I ever listened to Dr. Forsyth said, when he concluded ; " and," he added, his eyes flashing with indignation, " the cruelties and abuse which have been perpetrated in that asylum are a blot upon and a disgrace to my country. I shall bestir myself in the matter im- mediately." And be did most effectually. A year later he had the satisfaction of knowing that those unfortunate beings in that pauper institution were made as comfortable as it was possible for them to be in their lamentable condition, The buildings were thoroughly renovated, improvements in ventilation and drainage made, the inmates comfortably clothed and fed, and kindly treated by the large-hearted, whole-souled man whom the philanthropic doctor himself had recommended for the position. "I do not see how you have ever lived though it all without becoming in truth a lunatic. Have you never had the least opportunity to escape of said Dr Anthony, regarding his friend with something of wonder. " Never. For two^yeanTôrefer times Treobvered my reason, I have been constantly on the alert; but I have been confined and watched night and day. Several times I have appealed to visitors, but they were always accompanied by Brigg, who told them that it was a trick of mine to pretend I was all right ; consequently they gave no heed to me. Two or three times I have been open the point of knocking the wretch down with my chair, but he was too quick for me, and being much more powerful that I I could accomplish nothing in a struggle with him." " You gave him a fine thrashing to-day, however, returned Dr. Anthony, with a laugh, " Yes," Howard answered, his eyes flashing with excitement at the remembrance. "Seeing you, and feeling that you would never rest until you had accomplished my liberation, lent me both courage and strength. I took him entirely unaware, tripped him, and getting possession of his whip, the coward was at my mercy, and I think I Kel give him something to make him remember me for some time to come." "And you have heard nothing from your wife and child P You have known nothing of them all this time P" Dr. Forsyth asked, compassionately. '. No, sir, nothing," Howard answered, huskily, and with a trembling lip. "Where do you suppose they are?" asked his friend. " If they are living," he said, with an effort, " I presume they are in New York with my sister, Mrs. Langley, I think it would be natural for Mr. Montgomery to go direct to her upon her return, and, of course, under the circumstances, she would do everything that she could for her in her trouble." He really believed that Helen would relent, and forget all bar bitterness and opposition to his marriage, when she should learn of his mysterious disappearance, and that her woman's heart would go out to Coolie with sisterly sympathy and kindness. "I presume, however," he muttered a moment after, looking exceedingly grave, that they have all given me up as dead. They would be likely to feel that nothing but death would keep me from them." George Anthony started up at this, saying, with animation : " Give me your father's address, Montgomery, and I will go immediately and came to her that you are safe, well, and will shortly return. They shall remain in suspense no longer." Howard arose, went to a desk that was in the room and himself wrote the message which we have already seen in the hands of Mrs. Langley, and which so greatly disturbed her. That same evening he wrote long letters to both his wife and sister, giving them something of the history of the three weary years during which he had been separated from them, and, as we have seen enclosing the letter to his wife in the one which he had sent to Mrs. Langley. But, alas, for poor Cecile I she never received that precious missive, and we know that Helen herself did not get either cablegram or letters until long after they had been sent. Four weeks after Howard's liberation, the so-called Dr. Grigg was brought to trial, and it is almost needles to state that did not take very lengthy hearing to convict him of the charges brought against him. Dr. Anthony, although somewhat anxious to return to his country, remained to identify his friend, and to testify to his irreproachable character as a citizen of the United States. His innocence of the alleged crime for which he had been so unjustly sentenced three years before was proved beyond a doubt for besides the doctor's testimony, and the fact that Howard's wallet had been found upon the person of Grigg, alias Jackey Jackson, in the presence of three witnesses, his letter of credit had also been discovered among his private papers. The wretch had not dared to make me of it in any way, and for some reason, had neglected to destroy it, thus it not only proved very important as documen- tary evidence, but relieved Howard from unpleasant- ness regarding financial affairs. The ex-keeper was convicted of several crimes, and sentenced to transportation for life, and Howard Montgomery, has innocent victim, went out a free man once more. Meantime he was extremely anxious, because he had not heard one word in reply to his letters home. "Surely they must have received them," he laid, while talking the matter over with his friend, and his face was almost convulsed with pain, " and there has been ample time for a reply. Can anything have happened to them P Are they all sick evidence and be shuddered as this dreadful possibility lathed through his mind. Don't think of anything so distressing as that," George Anthony returned, while his great heart ached for him. "A terrible fear haunts me," Howard answered, wearily ; " but surely it seems at if I have suffered enough without being still further afflicted of and it seemed to hit tortured heart as if the years which he had spent in his vile prison had not been half so long as the days which now dragged so heavily by, " Montgomery, man, you will work yourself into a nervous fever, if you do not exercise more patience and self-control," Dr. Anthony said again and again, as he walked the floor by day, and tossed sleeplenly upon his bed by night, and he was really growing to feel alarmed at his condition, "I know," be returned, with a wan smile, " but this suspense is simply unbearable ; just think, I have been separated from my wife and child, and in utter ignorance of all pertaining to them, for three long years, I do not know whether they are living or dead ; I have written several times, no word comes to tell me aught concerning them, and I am driven wild with doubt and fear." " I know it is hard on you, old fellow, and it is very strange that you have heard nothing; but I fear you are tormenting yourself unnecessarily-it is possible that your sister has changed her place of residence, and your letters have not reached her," best friend said, trying to suggest something to calm his anxious fears. "That may be true" Howard cried, grasping eagerly at the idea. I with you had thought of it before, and I would have written to my lawyer to ascertain her whereabouts for me ; but it is too late now, for to-morrow we tail," He, however, had a more comfortable voyage for this happy thought Six weeks from the day of his release from his wretched prison and the power of his tormentor, Howard Montgomery landed in New York. He was worn and haggard, for the voyage had, at best, been almost unendurable, and a thousand fears had beset him all the way. He was the first to spring ashore when the steamer touched her pier, and without waiting to take leave of his friend, or giving a thought to anything save his dear ones, he sprang into the first carriage that he could find, and was driven with all possible speed to Ne, - Fifth Avenue. He mounted the marble steps two at a time, and rang the bell, for one glance at the door plate told him that the name of Langley was still there. " Is Mrs. Langley at home P" be questioned tremblingly of the water a strange one-who opened the door. " Yes, Mrs. Langley was at home," he said, wondering if he was some relative of the colonel's to be thus excited and overcome. "It Mr. Montgomery bare P" was the next Mg query. The waiter stared. He had never even heard of Mrs. Montgomery.) " No," he replied, he did not think the lady was there." Howard's heart sank. " Tell Mrs. Langley that her brother has arrived. and wishes to see her immediately," and with a face like marble, the perspiration, like great drops of dew ? standing upon it, he pushed by the man and went" ' directly to Mr. Langley's parlor, never on ice thinking that he had come like one raised from the dead, into that house of death, never dreaming that that woman up stairs, In the solitude of her own chamber, badly' spent the whole night plotting for the ruin rs season Idolised wife, and for the blighting of his earthly hope. woman CHAPTER XXVII THE HUSBAND'S DESPAIR. It may be presumed that when Howard sent up word to his sister that he was waiting to see her, it did not tend to quiet her excited nerves. " My brother came 1" she cried, shrilly, when the servant delivered the message. For a moment a deadly faintness seized her, and she sank back upon the pillow from which she has started at the information. But she rallied almost immediately. It was not time to give way to weakness or fear for she had a desperate purpose to carry out, and the would need all her strength and all her will- power to sustain her through it "Go down," be said to the maid, "and tell him that I will be with him directly." For a moment after the girl closed the door she was ghastly, and her teeth chattered nervously, She sat up in bed and pressed her hands hard against her temples, looking wildly about at if she longed to escape the trying ordeal before her. ' " What shall I do," she cried, excitedly. " Howard is all that I have left now. I hate her-the child is dead. If I could only keep him all to myself If I could only manage so that he would never find her Iintfdolt." And murmuring these disconnected sentences, while her cunning brain was teeming with change to accomplish her evil purpose, she hastily dressed herself, and then descended to meet and welcome the wanderer home. As soon as she opened the door of the parlor, where he was impatiently pacing back and forth, she sprang forward, with a glad cry, and threw herself into his arms. She saw how pale and worn he was of the saw that his once raven locks were thickly sprinkled with silver, and wondered what had caused the sad change in him. She saw that his eyes were glowing with eager inquiry and repressed excite-- ment, and knew that it was not of her that he was thinking, or of his long separation from her, but of his wife and little one, and she resolved to hold those dreaded questions trembling upon his lips at bay Be- long as possible. She wound her arms about his neck ; she called" him by all the fond names which she was accustomed to use during the days of their childhood, and? then apparently overcome by her emotion at this unexpected meeting, she burst into tears, and wept so violently that she could not have answered any questions if he had asked them. " Ob, Howard," she said, after awhile, between her sobs, " to think that you should come just at the time when I need you most William died two days ago was thrown from his carriage nearly a fortnight since, and knew nothing afterward." A fresh burst of weeping which drowned even Howard's expression of dismay and surprise. "I was in California," she resumed, at length; " viBlting Fanny Sherman, and they telegraphed for me ; but I did not get here in season to see him before he died." I Then you did not get «y-tetto!^*" Howards began, but she interrupted him] : """* " No. I only found them yesterday, William was away all the time I was gone, and no one knew my address, Oh, dear I am nearly distracted with all this trouble and excitement," and another shower followed this assertion. Howard's patience was well-nigh exhausted, but while she was in that state he could do nothing but try to soothe her. He knew, of course, that if his sister, had but just received his letters, Cecile was still in the dark con* earning his fate, was perhaps believing him dead and still mourning for him. " Helen," he said, at length, when he could bear her weeping no longer, where it Cecile P" "But she seemed to be even more greatly distressed than before at this question. Helen Langley had never went so much in his life, and now the was only seeking to gain time Bad as she was at heart, she instinctively received from carrying out the plot which she had been maturing ever since receiving her brother's letters;. " Ob, Howard t my poor brother t how can I tell you P-it seems as if all our trouble comet at once she sobbed; Howard Instantly sat erect and put her away from him. His face was as white as chalk, and his chest rose and fell with deep, heavily drawn breaths, "What do you mean he cried, hoarsely, while there was a rushing sound in his ears, and it seemed as if hammers were beating upon his temple. But she was trembling violently, her whole body was swayed with sobs, and she appeared unable to tell him. He laid hold of her wrists, and drew her hands away from her face. Helen, have you no mercy upon me P" he said, sternly ; " tell me at once, and do not keep me in this torturing suspense." " Can you bear it, Howard P" Mrs. Langley asked,, lifting her eyes piteously to his face. "I cannot bear to wait; tell me where my wife is," and his voice was strained and hoarse. She threw her arms again about his neck, and held her face upon his shoulder, because she could not meet his anguished eyes while she told her horrible tale. " Howard," she said, sadly, "she can be your wife no longer she belongs to another now." He threw her from him with a despairing cry a cry that rang in her ears long afterward. "You cannot mean it," he said, with asheatipe;. " Cascade the wife of another I" She would never have known the voice, it was so unnatural and full of misery, while his face was perfectly frightful to look upon, and she began to felt that she was carrying things too far; but it was too late to retreat now. And for Howard Montgomery, life seemed like a bitter mockery to him now. With all his ability and fear regarding his dear ones, he had never thought of anything like this. Helen crept close to him again, but he could not bear her to touch him-be received from her prof fered sympathy. " Of course," the returned, " she cannot legally be the wife of another as long as you are alive and have returned ; but-but-she believed you were dead and she is living with a Dr. Mortimer in San Francisco some one whom she met, I believe, when she returned from Europe, and who was very kind to her," and the wicked woman told her cruel falsehood with every appearance of reluctance and sorrow at having such dreadful tidings to reveal. The wretched man bowed his head upon the arm of the gods, and his whole frame shook with the agony which he could not control, while his sister sat by and witnessed it without a twinge of remorse for the suffering she) was causing. If the cold but make him believe this, and file a petition for a divorce, she would be amply revenged upon Cecile for bjtr defiance in the past "How long as it since-since this thing happened P" Howard at length asked. " It is only about five or six weeks since she went to San Francisco, but I do not know how long she has been contemplating the step." " You do not know, Helen P Why don't you know your brother demanded, regarding her searchingly. " Beca'ate she has never confided to me any of her plans," elbe answered proudly, and with rising color. Have you not been interested In Cecile since the returned JP a he asked. "Oh, Rev," Mr. Langley said, glibly, "but she never forgave me for opposing your marriage with her, and she seemed every offer which I made after her return. I wanted to take the baby--" y baby-what of her?" Howard interrupted, suddenly. "' In his agony caused by what he had heard regard ' ing his wife, he had almost lost eight of the fact of his child's existence. " Howard-she is-dead." He put out his hand as if to ward off a blow, and she recoiled as if he had struck her as she saw his face. It was horrible to sit there and witness his suffering, but the had determined upon her plan of action, and the would not swerve from it while, although he did not really know that Daisy was not living, he really believed that she must be dead and buried long before this. They had told her that she was dying when she went to inquire, and of course, she thought it would be responsible for her to recover from a relapse of that dread disease. It was almost more than mortal man could bear to sit there and have all his hopes thus shattered. Cecile gone-won by another-lost to him forever ; his child-that beautiful, blue-eyed, sunny-haired darling-dead 1 and after the exile and suffering of the past three years to return and find himself shorn of all that made life worth living I Surely no one had ever had such a cup of misery to drink before. With his hand pressed hard over his eyes, and his heart growing number within his bosom, he sat still and tried to face it-to realise just what was before him. "Helen," be said, after awhile, "I cannot talk I can scarcely think, and I cannot bear much more ; but tell me in as few words as possible all that has occurred to Cecile since she returned-or, at least, all that you know about her." And the cunning tale which she wove for his singing ears would have done credit to the most extravagant romancer of the age. She represented that, as soon as she had learned of her return, she had an interview with her offering to befriend her in any way that she could, but all her overtures had been indignantly refused, and Cecile had treated her with a haughtiness and overbearance that was intolerable, "That is not at all like Cecile," Howard said, with a troubled look, "But I tell you she has never forgiven me for not being present at your marriage, and for my opposition to it," reiterated Mrs. Langley. " I offered her money when I found she was in trouble --" a You offered her money !" interrupted Howard, in astonishment. " There was plenty of money for her without the necessity of borrowing from any one." \- "But Mr. Grlswold,your lawyer, died just about the time of her return, and as his affairs were in such is a complicated condition, Cecile could get nothing,'' ~~ Mrs. Langlejrexplahied, with ion. measurers. "Mr, Griswold dead 1" her brother died. as everybody dying P Was this good man, one of his best friends, gone too P Was he to lose every thing that be prized out of his life P "Yes," Helen returned; "bodied quite suddenly was in only a few days, and then the colonies thinking we must hear from you before long, took the management of your business interests. Of course, while all this was happening, Cecile needed money, but, as I told you, she indignantly rejected all my advances. she was very haughty and inde- penden ty and went away and hid herself from us." "You should have settled a handsome income upon her, her brother said, sternly. It was entirely unlike his wife to conduct herself in any such manner as his sister represented, and he could not understand it at all. "How could we do that, Howard, when we did not know where she was P" Helen answered, innocently, " But what supported her P She had no money of any consequence when we left England-not even enough to pay her passage, he said, greatly disturbed. "I don't know what supported her," Helen and went with suspicious emphasis : " but she told me that this Dr. Mortimer, who was so kind to her during the voyage, lent her money to pay her passage." " She told you this, and then refused to take what you offered her to cancel her obligations to that man I" Howard Montgomery said, astonished. " Helen," be said, a moment later, " there is some thing about all this that I do not understand What you, have told me is entirely at variance with Ce cures character. Are you sure you are keeping noth ina back F" L" What should I keep back ?" she questioned. " I afterwards discovered by accident where she lived, and, supposing her to be in reduced circumstances, and feeling that it was no way for your child to live, I went to her and offered to take Daisy, and do for her exactly as if she were my own, She insultingly scorned my offer as before, and said she was supporting herself and did not need any assistance from me, She was living in a pretty way; her house was a perfect little bower of beauty and since I learned that she had gone to San Francisco to live with this doctor, I have come to the conclusion that he must have taken care of her all along." Howard covered his face again, and groaned, Could it be possible he asked himself-that her heart could have been so easily won from him P that this strange doctor, whoever he might be, had acquired such an influence over her that she would content to place herself under such obligations to him He remembered how she had once said to him " There is nothing in the world I could not bear better than to lose you or your love." Had she so soon forgotten him and his devotion to her P Was it possible that he could have been so mistaken in her character ? he asked himself, while a strange bitterness began to creep into his heart against her. He had fondly believed that she could never change-that had she watched him sicken and die, and followed him to his last resting place, her heart never would have swerved in its allegiance to him and that she would have turned a deaf ear to every entreaty from another, and gone to her grave alone loving only him. But now, according to his sister's story, she had clung to the first stranger who had admired and been attentive to her; she had laid herself under heavy / obligations to him obligations which made his face' burn with indignation, and his lips to curl with' scorn; and finally, without positively knowing what her husband's fate had been, she had given tea self into this man's keeping, and gone away with him. He did not dream that she could support herself -that her gentle, dependent nature could rise to meet and overcome the storm of fate alone and so, blinded by disappointment and misery, he was forced to accept his sister's story as truth. " Have you never seen her since you went to propose to adopt Daisy P" he asked. " Not until I met her at the house of a friend in San Francisco," Mr. Langley returned, her face flushing hotly at the remembrance of that last winter -lew. "She was fully as overbearing so the had been before, and I assure you the meeting was anything but a pleasant one." "Have you ever renewed your offer to give began scene from my property Pte Howard questioned. " Yes, once ; but she said the was happy to tell me that she had sufficient for all her needs-that even if she never had one dollar of your fortune, Daisy would have no mean dowry when she reached her majority,'" Again Howard groaned ; he could not fail to believe now that Cecile had been provided for in some other way than by her own efforts. She was a delicate, fragile girl who had never been taught to labor or depend upon herself at all how could she then go forth into the world alone, and battle for her living and win a competence. Still he could not quite understand why she should refuse to accept what rightfully belonged to her of his property, unless it was from a sense of guilt, and a reluctance to use his money when her heart had turned to another: " When-when were they-married P" he asked, a shiver creeping over him. I don't know. I do not even know that they are married at all," Helen Langley began, maliciously ; but be interrupted her almost fiercely. " Don't dare to insinuate anything of that kind 1" he said. " She was as pure as an angel, and if she has been won by another, she has given herself away honorably, believing that I am dead." " Yes, the told me, she thought your were dead, as soon as she returned ; but whether she is married to him or not, I saw their shadows upon one of the curtains of their room, as I was passing one evening the house where they board." Howard made a gesture of repugnance. He could not bear to have her go thus immediately into detail ; it tortured him. " And my Daisy-when did she die P" he asked, with a sob of pain. "About that time; she was attacked with diphtheria in its worst form. I was very anxious, of course, and went every day to inquire about her she was your child, and I felt that I had a perfect right to do so. The last time I went they told me she was dying, and that wes poor Daisy's last night on earth," the (alse-bearted woman concluded, with every appearance of grief, "Did you see her after-after it was all over?" " No, I received a telegram that very evening, sey- ing that the colonel had been fatally injured, and I was obliged to come away immediately. Oh, How- ard," she continued, going nearer to him and leaning against him, " I know all this is dreadful for you all that you had has been taken from you, and I, too, am now left alone ; we have only one another now, and we must try to comfort and live for each other in the future." He could not bear one word of sympathy. A cry of despair burst from him. He put her quickly away, arose and left the room without a word. She heard him go up stairs to the chamber that he used to occupy whenever he was her guest, and shut and lock the door, and she knew that if his heart was broken, she alone had done it but there was no sorrow, no regret in her heart for the ruin which she was working. She arose wearily from the sofa, where they had been sitting ; the excitement and sight of his misery bad well-nigh exhausted her also. " Well, that ordeal is over at last, and I have only anticipated events a little after all. Any one could see that that handsome doctor worshipped her, and with Daisy dead, it is easy to see that he will offer himself, and Cecile, worn out with trouble and watching, will be only too glad to find somebody to take care of her. If I can only make Howard believe it, and persuade him to get a divorce, I shall be able to keep my brother to myself, and be amply revenged upon her. How she would rave and tear those golden locks, ii she found all too late that Howard had returned alive and well. And with these malicious thoughts in her heart, Mrs. Langley also sought the solitude of her chamber to plot still further for the ruin of the woman whom she hated, (To be continued.) 