OUR GrOAT. (BY Oun NEW OsCuJI REPORTER). IF I had an enemy to whom I felt utterly, fiendishly reveogeful, I would not invite him to experiment, with nitroglycerine, or to buy land at Stockton, or to speculate in newspapers: I would get him to buy a gear, and sell him-ours. She-our goat -the subject of this sketch, became our property in a somewhat peculiar manner. Our milkman had of late become a philanthropist. He believed the town was being ruined in health by too pure milk, so he took to slashing in water to an alarming extent. My morning coffee, spite of liberal additions of boiled milk, would be black as Erebus, and as weakl as a kitten before its eyes are open. Our tea- best Calcutta-would be poured out strong, and be druuk wishy*wasby, I never doubted the integrity of the milk man, however. I blamed the grocer, and blamed Inglis-till the possessor of cows and pumps came to collect his little bill and desire a more regular settlement, Then my virtuous indignation overcame my judgment. I dismissed the vendor of cbhalk and water, and declared I would be independent of such small-minded trades men. We-my wife and I-first thought ofgetting a cow.. Our hired girl said she had seen a cow milkedt; butI remembered Max Adeler's hired man attempting to milk a cow on its back with a clothes peg, so I discouraged the well-intentioned maid from c~mmitting further breaches of the truth. The wife had never inspected a cow at a shorter distance than one hundred yards, through the circum stance that she feared a cow more than she feared Hamlet's father's ghosts-atthe Victoria. For myself, my life was not assured; so we did not buy a cow. A neighbour suggested we should get a condenser engine. He had heard it was used by shipwrecked mariners and on board ships. When asked whaton earth I would do with a condenser engine, he said he thought I must be a vPery ignorant man not to know that it turned out preserved milk; and holeft because I smiled. Then a friend remarked that I better get on terms again with the philanthropic dairy man, and purchaLse a lactometer. He thought a lactometer dried up the water and chalk if soaked in milk over-night. I said I'd get an hour-glass instead, and so he also went away in high dudgeon. After wild suggestions had been hurled at me from all quarters, all in their turn being rejected, a man who hired Watt street as a goat parade came and said he nad a friend who owned a goat in full milk, with a kid. She yielded a quart a day, and he would part with her for a cousideration. Here was a ray of hope L I had never milked a goat, but a goat could not kick much, and as her horns could be maipulated. I felt no fear of personal danger, and jumped at the chance. " How much did the man want for his goat ?" " Oh," said the man's friend, a matter of fifteen bob won't break you nor make you." I replied that it would not do either, and when would hlie bring the goat around ? "In an hour," said he ; but his friend was short of cash, so would I be able to let him have the money at once 1 Yes I could; I was so eatoger to secure this treasure of a milker that generously gave a quart a day. By and by I went down town, and in the evening I returned home to my little nest near the Folly, eager for a look at my purchase. The first sight I beheld was not the goat, however-she was in a neighbour's bushbousne, as I afterwards discovered, regaling herself on highly indigestible begonias. It was that of my own small orange orchard, dotted all over with fallen fruit, tender branches, and bark. None of the oranges were wholly perfect: they had all been nibbled at by some animal with sharp teeth. On enter ing the house I saw my only son, aged two years and a half, weeping in the hall, with a bandaged head and a soared face. My wife was also in tears, and the back yard was strewn with remnants of crockery. I asked if there had been a hurricane, or if the girl had had a fit, or the boy tumbled down the well. I never thought of the goat. My wife tearfully greeted me with, " Oh, dear, why owhy did you buy that beast! I waited to hear no more, but rushed into the garden to find that goat, and bury her. As I observed, previously, she was not on our premises. I approached our back fence, and saw my neighbour-t-he same who had suggested the purchase of a condenser engine- loading a shot-gun, and preparing something like a forced meat ball out of a packet from Harris's-I knew the label-it was iolded in an in secticide, I said: "Good evening, have you seen my-" " Have I seen your (here, supply some dashes, MIr. Compositor) heron-gutted, omniverous, four-legged fend of a goat 2" roared my neighbour, "Yes, I've seen your goat, and when I've given it a dose of strychnine, you had better bury it in your bushhouse, and wait for begonias next spring; for the --- thing has swallowed all my bulbs, eaten three pots of ferns, and the major portion of my tea-tree covering d--ic. I'll teach yerto keep goats !" Much concerned, I soothed my neigh bour and promised to replenish his bush house as best I could. He then lugged out, by what appeared to be a horn, some-, thing froin his summer-house, bearing a faint resemblance to a nightmare. This he kicked ferociously, led, or rather pushed, to a hole in the fence, and thrust it through, anathematising all the while. Was that a goat? That blear-eyed, melancholy.looking object I I recoiled. My dream of goats was dispelled. I had always pictured in my imagination that a goat was a thing of beauty and a joy for ever. That a gomt was always joyous, always bounding, always fee. That the he-goat of the mountains was a fine fellow. That the she- goat was tender, soft, beauteous. and footsure. This thing before me was anything but footsure: its hind feet sprawled, and its boofs had overgrown themselves and curled out wards. Its back was, to put it mildly, scabby. It had very little hair and shed it profusely. Its eyes stuck out about a foot, and its horns were long, and uncomfortably handy for defensive purposes. On its arrival it had stealthily approached our innocent darling, and rolled him. It had maimed a fowl for ever. It had caused our spaniel dog Jack to weary of his life. Andit had obtained sustenance by pulling down all the oranges it could reachb. Then it had gone to my neighbour's bush-house. Well, I surveyed our goat and pro ceeded to milk her. Observe my caution -I said "to try to milk her." I fetched out some corn in a dish, a large jam pot to catch the milklc, and a string: I tied her to an orange tree and showed her the corn; she made a dash at the corn and broke the string. In my alarm I upset the corn, which was straightway devoured by several fowls and the goat. I tried to catch the goat again, but it was no go. The wife, the hired girl,.the dog, and I, did our level best for half an hour, but that animal dodged all the time. Fatigued and perspirmng, at' length I captured her with a kind of lasso, with some corn as bait. Having tied her to a tree again, I proceeded to milk her-I mean tried to milk her. She stood pretty quiet, only straining the rope to loole round at me reproachfully. At first only a shower of black, dust like substance came in answer to my efforts, accompanied with much hair. Then I remembered having seen kids butt their mothers when extracting suste. nance, so I butted our goat with my fist. She lay down at once. TiThe combined forces of the household having got her on her legs again, I proceeded with my ope ration. After much squeezing, some white liquid substance came forth, quickly becoming dingy amidst the hair anti black duet in the jam pot. At this I felt encouraged. The milk-for it was milk -came in a thin, erratic stream; the jam pot was about one.third full; we were all jubilant-when that goat hitched round her hind quarters, put one hoof into the jam pot and capsized it, milk and all, with the other. Then she lay down :again and began to bleat plaintively. I swore. But I started to try and milk that goat again, propping her up somehow against the tree. Alas! thIe font had run dry! She only yielded hair and minute particles of skin, but no milk. We borrowed some milk from our aggrieved neighbour, who sard it was like our d--d impudence, and ate our evening meal in silence, an hour later than usual. Reader, that goat has never yiolded aught but hair and skin rartioles sinceeI had the misfortune to buy her. Her former owner and her owner's friend have never shown up since that unhappy day, and it is better for their famihes that they have not called. Our goat has laid waste Sour once beautiful gardon. Our dog lives -at a friend's and only pays us occasional visits of condolence. Our fowls have ceased to lay, as they have no peace. My son and hair declines to play in the yard. And that goat ? She marches up and down the boarded floor of our back verandah at midnight till I rush out scantily clothed to see if burglars are about. She sheds hair till everything in ,he house is prickly, and yet she gets no balder than when she arrived. She eats everything. If she has a preference it is strychinne, orange-bark, and stripped paling fence. But never strays. She * never invades Watt.street or the railway l.ine, or the track of a swift omnibus where glory awaits her in the shape of :No, 4 shot or a policeman or a gentle r3queeze. For ourselves we borrow all the milk 'we can, and try to Inll that goat, but in -She is for saln.-a bargain. She is for sale-a bargain. 