SIMON THE SORCEBER. AritiL 1—AFTERNOON. Heading, Acts viii. 19-25. Golden Text, Acts viii. 21. SUBJECT FOB TEACHING.—Tlie two Simons, or the different operations of tho Holy Ghost, revealing life in Simon Peter, and death in Simon Magus. I.—THE FALSE IN THE CHURCH SEEKS TO IMITATE THE TI1UE. Ver. 9." But" follows an account of great prosperity ; there is ever a " but," some flaw, some mischief of Satan in our most successful efforts for good. This "but" is an occouut of the false seeking to imitate tho true. The fathers of the Church called Satan the "Ape of God," bccausc lie has ever delighted by false pretence—imitation, making himself as an angel of light—to hinder God's work. The Bible can be shown, from the time of Cain, to be one long record of instances of this description. Give examples—Magicians and Moses, false prophets and Baal, etc. II.—THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN T1IB TRUE AND THE FALSE. Tl)e false "gave himself out to be 6oine great one." The true forms the lowliest estimate of self. The false wished for personal prestige further to aggrandise self. The true longs for power to convert OTHERS aud glorify God. The false thought to get this power by bribing the apostles. The true knows that is only the result of the gracious gift of God. The false worships money—that is, the world. The true knows there is no greater enemy of spirituality than unsanctificd gold. The false wants power apart from moral considerations. The true knows that without holiness of life no man can see God or possess the Spirit. Self is the life of the false ; God is the life of the true, and this life of God is tho death of self. No Christian worker can be used of God whilst self is first. The Spirit fills empty vessels. III.—THE TRUE IS INDIGNANT WITH HOLT INDIGNATION AT THE FALSE. Peter instantly rejected—the offer, the money, the man. There never can be any compromise between light and darkness, good and evil. IV.—THE TRUE IS SOMETIMES LED TO ALMOST DESPAIR OF THE FALSE. When ? Peter here speaks as if he felt much misgiving about Simon's future (so vers. 22,23). (а) The love of money so blinds the one who loves it, to see Christ through gold is most difficult. " How hardly," said Christ, " shall they that have, or roVE, riches," etc. (б) Insincere repentance blinds men. Simon did not pray for himself; he asked Peter to pray for him, but for what?—to escape penalty, not to get change of heart. He feared punishment, but had no love for good. The union of two such qualities of nature—a passion for money, only influenced by fear of penalty— is a weighty obstacle to real change. Try and sketch comparison portraits of the pure aud impure Simon : the Simon with the right heart and the Simon with no heart; the Simon of heavenly grace and the Simon of worldly gold. EET. E. H. LOVELL, 