NEWS AND NOTES. The Mayoress of Ballarat East, Mrs Fer guson, had a reception of visitors yesterday afternoon. The mayoress, together with Miss Ferguson, attended at the mayor’s room in connection with the council chamber from 3 to 5 o’clock. Each visitor received a most hearty reception/ and . the conversation which followed was pleasant and entertaining. The majority of the visitors were ladies, among whom were the City Mayoress and Miss Clax ton, the ex-City Mayoress, Miss Wilson, and Miss E. Wilson. The following called and left their cards;—Mr W. H. Anderson, Mrs D. and the Misses Brophy (2), Mr F. M., Mrs, and Miss Claxton; Miss Emerson, Miss Eddy, Mr R. S. and Miss Fgley, Mr and Mrs J. J. Fitz gerald, Mr J. Gregory, Mrs B. Grave, Rev. J. W. and-Mrs Inglis, Dr and Mrs Jermyn, Mrs H, Josephs, Mr and Mrs A. H. King, Mr H. A. King, C.E., Mfcs King, Miss Alice King, and Miss Blanche King, Mr J. A. Mulligan., C.PS., Mrs and Miss M'Gowao, Mrs and Miss M‘Par land, Mr and Mrs J. A. Powell, Mr and Mrs E. J. Roeenblum, Mr John Shiels, Mr and Mrs Henry Smith, Mr H. E. Smith and Alves Smith, Mr and Mrs H. B. Saldier, Mrs J. Twentyman and Miss Twentyman, Mr and Mrs A. B. Tre. gurtha, Mr and Mrs J. Noble Wilson. Miss Wilson, and Miss E. Wilson, Mr and Mrs G. Willetts and Miss Willetts, Mrs F. B. Wilson, Mr Robert Coson Young, Mias Coson Young, and Mias Young. The annual installation of officers in connec tion with St. John’s Lodge, 427 LC. waa per. formed :last evening at the Masonic Hall, Camp street. Br J, F. Spillman waa installed as W.M. by the retiring W.M. Be W, H. Hen nah. The following officers were invested S. Br D, B. Wheeler; J.W, Br G. Gross; treasurer, Br J. H. Leggo; secretary, Br Bryce Faton; SD. Br K. luce; J. D. Br T. Curnow; IQ. Br J. T. Marsh; organist, Br J. R. Trevor; tyler, Br P. Todd. During the evening : a Past Masters’ was pre sented to the retiring W.M, Br Hen nah, by P.SL Br S. Marks, in an appro priate speech. The jewel, which is very handsome, was manufactured by A. Marks and Cos., of Sturt street. There were fully SO brethren present during the installation cere* mony. The D.P.G.M,,Br Q. L. Baker, was present, 'and an apology was received from the P.G.M.,. Sir W. J. Clarke. The social evening held subs* quenlly at the Alfred Hall was thoroughly enjoyable. A meeting of the large property-holders of BalUrat West was held at Lester's hotel yester day afternoon,-.the object being to make cer-. tain preliminary arrangements for the confer ence to day with the City Council on the rate question. A' considerable discussion took place, and several arguments were put forward in favour of the continuance of the Is 6i rate. It was eventually decided that Messrs Craw ford, Eyres, G. Smith, and Gibbiugs should attend the meeting to be held, this afternoon at 4 o’clock, or such other hour as the mayor may appoint, and discuss the'matter on behalf of the interested, ratepayers. ' / . A meeting of gentlemen favourable to the formation of a Civilians’Rifle Club in Ballarat is announced to take place this evening in the Mechanics* Institute at half-past 7 o’clock. It is expected that there will be.a large attend? aoce, as a number have already expressed their willingness to join a club of the kind; Several; letters, &c.j; are crowdedoiit. William Piowse was yesterday brought.to Ballarat by' the police; from; Melton, charged, with , having deserted his child. He was arrested on warrant. ; ; ; • * ! Mr Fenton, secretary, of the Residence Area holders*'Committee regarding lease application, wishes to explain, in refer ence to aiparagraph In yesterday’s issue, that' Ur John - James, M.L.A, waa absent from Ballarat 1 - at the time when .the; meeting , was. held in : the Golden.Y*oiat ; Sfcate : BcuoolhouBd.' Mr Fenton’s explanation .is ..therefore given,. but" still we most stats that onrj.faformaHon, ■wu obtained from.several iDfldentisbreaiderits of' the neighbourhood, who expr***®" B r *Jt. dissatisfaction at nonintervention oi nar, James in the matter.' j ■ i ~ J , /. f We learn from Mr Wroford;ihat, numerous, acceptances have already been made,for tn return ball to, be tendered to Major _F UI S a "° _ by the residents of Ballarat Bast. The anal is likely to be well attended and moat success ful. The tickets hare been issued, and are of a very handsome design, refl-oting great credit on the" skill of the printer, Mr W. V. iTKee. ■■ ■ ■■ ■ " . . There is; at .the present time .on a visit to Ballarat h lady,'Mrs Cecilia; Hamilton Hill, who bolds a high position in thd literary world. Prior to cbmrhg to this city, Mrs Hill .travelled extensively in search of information to be em bodied in a book to be entitled, "The Old World'and the New.” The book is to be pro duced to tbs order of a firm of Scotch pub lishers. We notice by Our exchanges that the lady.in question: has' met with a very cordial reception at each place which she haB_viaited both in this and the other colonies. Ballarat citizens, more especially 'the representative and scientific"portions, will, no' doubt, with their accustomed courtesy and, proverbial readiness, not be behindhand in affording Mrs Hill the fullest information upon all subjects neces sary to enable her. to successfully accomplish her mission in this ; quarter. Her present address . is the George hotel, Xjydiard street. In speaking of the visit of the authoress to Sandhurst, the Bendigo Advertiser says “Mrs Cecilia Hamilton Hill, who, has for a number of ; years been engaged in literary pursuits in these colonies, and more recentjy connected with the English press, arrived, in Sandhurst on Wednesday afternoon. Mrs Hill is under engagement to the most in fluential publishers in Edinburgh, to produce a work of ' travel, to be entitled "The Old World and the New,” commencing with Paris and going through the continent and the east. The work, will, _ however, relate chiefly to the colonies, with a view of obtaining material for which Mrs Hill has already travelled, through several of the neighbouringcoloniea and North Gippsland, and for the same purpose is now. on a visit to Sandhurst. Yesterday afternoon Mrs Hill was shown over the works of Messrs Q. F. Pickles’ Carriage Manufacturing Company, and was greatly pleased with what she saw. She was afterwards driven past Lake Weeroona and to the Bendigo Hospital, where she spent about an hour. To-day Mrs Hill will visit the Gar den Gully and Devonshire mines, and also Eaglehawk. She will probably proceed by the evening train for Ecbuca and Deniliquin, and will- return to Sandhurst on' Monday, and make another short stay, Mrs Hill speaks very highly of the courtesy shown her by the Governors, leading citizens, and siquatters of the adjoining colonies and Gippsland, and of; their kindness: in supplying her with useful information for her work. The work will be illustrated, but it will be some time before it will; be ready for publication." Constable Egan, of Ballarat East, a man about 6 feet 3 inches in height, and weighing about 16 stone,-was somewhat startled at an early hour the other morning. The streets were, as usual,' in darkness. In the gloom the con. stable noticed a tall figure noiselessly approach ing him. The policeman coughed in order.to let the “being,” whether natural or super natural, know that there was someone about. The object, which then commenced to breathe heavily, still advanced towards the constable, . who, thinking that he bad a “ real” ghost to deal with, drew bis handcuffs and prepared for action. A couple of seconds more brought the stranger to the spot . where Egan was standing, when the following dialogue took place:—“ Constable—“ Where the dickens did you spring from 1” " Individual (who was bare footed)^—“l am a drover, and! I have been on the spree. I've got plenty of money." Con stable—" What - have you done with your boots ?' Sneaking along the street without boots is enough to frighten people out of their lives at this-hour of the morning.” Indi vidual—” Don't get of tamper, old man. Ton see, I went into a honse down there, and fell asleep on the sofa, and when I awoke I found that the woman in the bouse had stolen the boots off my feet.” This was a spree in Balla rat East. A correspondent writes:—“ Mr Robert Har vey, mining surveyor, was engaged on Thurs day in surveying the land taken up by Mr Wilson for iron mining. The land, which contains rich iron ore, is favourably situated adjoining the railway line between Lal Lal and Elaine, is traversed by the Lal Lal and Dolly’s Creek water race, and is surrounded by heavily timbered lands. I believe Mr Wilson is acting in connection with some well-known Ballarat and other capitalists and manufac turers.” A Reformatory boy, rejoicing in the generic cognomen of Smith, ran away from the Rjfor . matary; yesterday morning. The lad paid a visit to some relatives of his in Main road. Mounted- constable Beckmann- secured the wanderer, and took him back to the Refor matory. The boy has only been in the insti tution for two or three days. ' Ha alleges that the other-lads pelted mud at Lim, and that course of ill- treatment caused him to abscond. An unpleasant occurrence .took place at Clarendon on Wednesday,' It appears that a Mrs Gardiner had died at Elaine from the effects of an accident. The body of the uni fortunate woman was removed to Clarendon, and a number of friends bad assembled to follow the remains of the deceased to the grave. The interment was postponed, as it was thought the body would have to be taken back to Elaine fur the purpose of holding a magisterial enquiry, that place being within the jurisdiction of the Geelong coroner. Yesterday morning, however, a telegram was received staling that an enquiry could be held at Clarendon, and which subsequently took place. The remains of the. .deceased .were afterwards interred in. the Clarendon ceme tery. Our Learmonth correspondent writes:— “ The funeral, of the late Mr M. Cavanagh, of Weatherboard, was followed to the Learmonth cemetery on Thursday by a large and respect able cortege, there being about 50 vehicles, in- • eluding the hearse and mourning coaches, with about. 20 horsemen in the rear. Mr Cavanagh was one of the oldest of our living colonists. He had been 42 years in Victoria, the Erst colony in which he landed and in which he at once settled. He was one of the early employees of the Messrs Learmonth, of Ercildoune. Mr Cavanagh was ' much re spected for bis kind and genial disposition, as was testified by the number of people who came from the various places in which he bad lived or was known to attend, bis funeral. Ha leaves a widow . and respectable family all settled in life. The burial service at the grave; was conducted by the Rev. Father Rogers, of Ballarat.” The box plan for the forthcoming opera season was opened yesterday at Mr J. Harri son’s music warehouse. Many availed them selves of the opportunity offered, and a large number of family ' tickets' for dress circle and stalls were disposed of and' seats booked accordingly. Purchasers of family tickets should lose no time if they wish the first choice for their; seats, for which there is-often a de mand when too late' to obtain them, as well'as to take advantage ot the liberal arrangement offered. Monday last was the monthly practice of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, and they put tho engine to work to pump out a cellar, which measured 32 foot long by 15 feet 6 inches wide, and with 4 feet of water in it. The engine was working at less than half speed, and finished the task in l.hour 50 min., lifting out 12,387 gallons of water, at a cost of about 2s for coal. . The house committee of the Benevolent Asylum yesterday afternoon made an inspec tion of the inmates, with the view of dischsrg' ing any who might be sufficiently able to earn a living without aid from the charity. The inmates were, all examined by Dr Holthouse and the committee, with the result that in no case did they consider themselves justified in sending anyone away from the institution. At the .Town Court, yesterday morning a man was sued for the maintenance of. an ille gitimate child, and ont of seven young men subpoenaed as witnesses for the defence only three put in an appearance. Mr Finlayson, who appeared for the- defendant, asked for a postponement to permit of their attendance being secured, and an adjournment till Thurs day next; was agreed to on his'Consenting to pay; coats. . - It appears that the passenger who gave the information regarding the narrow escape from a collision • at'. the * Windermere' station on Wednesday, .was. needlessly alarmed. We are informed that at no time was . there any possi. .bility v of; a collision, as the. two trains were timed .to meet at the station in question." It is very culpable on the part of anyone to give rise to a rumor of the kind; seeing, that such reports are readily received by the public in consequence of, the number of railway acci dents that have taken place of late. Mr S. Dean,, farmer, of Windermere, has sustained ; the- loesTof .two , fine.children,;the sad events .. occurring from;-- typhoid fever.' Early on Wednesday’morhißgj hia 'BbhAltrcd, I3 years' of age expired.. A meaaonger was despatched to Ballarat to make the necessary ■arrahgemeota for interment. Daring the : absence of the messenger, Me Dean a daughter, 'Clara, 10 years’ of age, also died. Two other | daughters are suffering from the same ill n6The youth Thomas M’Donald was brought up at the City Police Court yesterday on a charge of vagrancy, and remanded until this morning. A misunderstanding, appears to have arisen in Ballarat East regarding the word "recep tion” os applied to the mayoress* reception "of visitors, whiclrtook placa yesterday at the Town Hall. A-number of the Extern rate* payers* came to .the conclusion when they read about the-'“ reception,” that pecuniary relief was to be disbursed by the lady iu question. 'Among the disappointed poverty-: stricken people who called at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon were two .unfortunates P who classed themselves among the blind and the halt. When informed by some official at the council chambers that they had make a mistake as to the meaning of 11 reception,” the afflicted individuals apologised and with* drew. A young man. named Ray, .employed at the Phceoix had two. of bis front teeth knocked out yesterday by a hammer wielded by a fellow employee, Ray was treated at the* Hospital. Mr Morgan Lee’s condition has, we regret to say, not improved, and it is not considered probable that he will, live through the day. ' Football playing,in the streets, to the immi nent danger of passers-by and vehicular traffic, generally, appears to be becoming a very pre valent practice. Yesterday no fewer than three footballs were impounded in Eyre street by the Ballarat South police'/ They were re turned on the rightful owners calling at the station, with the.intimation, however, that on* a repetition of the offence summonses'would! be issued against the offenders. * A horse attached to a buggy, belonging to Messrs Ewart and Hardie, drapers, Sturt street, took fright while standing in front of the firm’s business place yesterday, and bolted down Sturt street and into Windermere street. The runaway, after continuing his career over a heap of metal and other obstacles, was secured by Constable O'Reilly , and ,a atone* breaker. The vehicle and harness were com pletely wrecked, though the two occupants of the buggy sustained no injury. The Queen of Black Hill Good Templars held their ordinary lodge meeting on Tuesday last, at 8 o’clock, Br A. Beyer, W.C.T., in the chair. After the lodge bad been declared open the W.M. retired, and introduced two candidates for initiation. Two names were also given in for initiation on the next session. The W.C.T. spoke at some length on the report of ten and concert committee, the same* being adopted and date being fixed later on,. the second Monday in August. It was re solved that the lodge postpone their proposed official visit to the Sebastopol sister lodge till the 21st of the month. After harmony had been rendered by both visitors and members the lodge closed iu due form at 10 o’clock. We learn that the social evening in connec' tion wlth the Ballarat City Rowing Club has been postponed until the 10th July. We regret to learn that our esteemed fellow citizen, Dr Radcliffe, is laid up with an attack of inflammation of the liver. Fending the doctor’s recovery, Dr Whitcombs . will do duty for bis indisposed brother practitioner. Gr Gregory, of the Town Council, is still progressing u towards recovery. He is, how -1 ever, yet very .weak.: • It is stated that Mr W- D. Hill, a most de* serving young Ballarat citizen, has been ap pointed secretary'and collector to the Ballarat Liedertafel. Mr W. J. Gates, the late col lector, was nob a candidate for the position in question.’ —* r’ ' .’ ’ MrNivec, printer and lithographer, of Sturt i street, has jusb.finished some excellent adver tising sheets for .those.capable aud deserving local amateur performers, the Lome Froliques. One of the sheets is especially good. It con tains coloured figures representing a Chinese in a clog dance, a number of the members of the company performing a statue clog tourna ment, and a highly amusing picture of a stump orator. The - Froliques appear in a variety entertainment on the evening of the 22nd \- instant. . Mr. Milner Stephen has arrived n bourne, and announced bis intention of 11 ing” the afflicted. The many friends of the Hon. J. Q. Francis, M.L.A., will be glnd to hear that his health, has improved considerably within the last day or two. The Colac Reformer learns from one of the contractors fur the Camperdown line of railway that the Commissioner of Railways has de cided to formerly open the line on Thursday, 28th June. Through a slight misprint iu yesterday’s issue iu a letter iu reference to the liquor traffic iu England, the rent of a house re ferred to was given as £2OO, instead of £lOO. - The Portland Guardian says 11 On Tues day SIX baskets of fish were despatched by train from the j-itty terminus, and ou Wednes day 245 baskets followed. Of the total for the two days 420 baskets went to Melbourne,; 126 to Ballarat, sis to Hamilton, two to Branx holme, and two to Stawell. It will be seen from the above figures that there is no falling offiu the large takes we have lately bad to report.” - • ~ ■ Yesterday’s Bendigo Advertiser says“ The* police.on duty in Yiew street early on Wed* nesday morning heard screams of a female .coming from the Camp Reserve. Upon going into the reserve, the police found that an old' woman named Bradley had whilst intoxicated walked into the creek at the back.of the City 6! Sandhurst claim. After some difficulty she was taken out of the creek and taken home.. Strange to say she did not receive the slightest injury.’’ We (Hamilton Spectator) are again called upon to .report the occurrence of a sad accident in consequence of horses being allowed to roam about and feed on vacant allotments in the town. At about midday on Tuesday a little girl named Rachel Harding, 9 years old, daughter of the Town Hall keeper, was playing on a vacant allotment at the junction of Lons dale and MTntyre streets, when she approached a horse feeding there too closely, and received a kick which necessitated her removal to the hospital. Thera she was promptly attended to by Dr Annaud, who found she had sustained a compound fracture of the jaw bone, and who is of opinion that the bone will be permanently impaired. Mr Harding believes the horse to be the same that kicked, end broke the skull some time ago, of a lad named Denny. Whether or not, it is scandalous that horses, cows, and other animals should be allowed to roam about the town, and it would be well were the inspector of nuisances to make a raid, ' A soiree and-concert will be held in the Alfred Hall on Monday evening next in con nection with St. Stephen’s Church, to take the opportunity of saying goodbye to the Rev, Heber T, Tranmar, A meeting of gentlemen favourable to the formation of a Civilians* Rifle Club will be held at the Mechanics* Institute at 7.30 o’clock this evening. 