THE AMERICAN GIRL OF THE , - PERIOD. , fall Mall Budget, March 23. v - j "?, Skobeleff once told an Irish lady that he was in sympathy neither with English constitutionalism nor American democracy, but " he admired the quiet daring of the Americans, and loved them in their reverence for women. He thought an old American lady a more agreeable being to contemplate than the young." Skobeleff estimate of the comparative agreeableness of the American woman in age and youth is not generally shared by Europeans, but its justice is emphatically endorsed by the Rev. Dr. Morgan Dix, who has been delivering some ferocious Lenten lectures at Trinity Chapel, New York, concerning the shocking depravity of the American girl. As the result of the follies and sins by which the women of America have " brought contempt upon their name and cast a blight on their con- dition," the reverence for women which Skobeleff regarded as one of the best features of the American character, is disappearing. According to Dr. Dix, the position of women has distinctly changed for the worse. " The deference paid her is less, homage has turned to mere civility, the public invade her pri vary, the newspapers print her name in full she is treated with no more ceremony than if she were a man." This is alarming news if true, and, as Dr. Dix says, none can doubt that it is, it may not be amiss to glance at his diagnosis of the wicked- ness of the American woman. It has provoked a storm of indignation among the fair sex on the other side of the Atlantic, but, in some particulars, it may be found not without application nearer home. Dr. Dix, in his fourth Lenten lecture, limits himself solely to the consideration of one class of land, which, however, most people will regard as tolerably comprehensive This class of sins he splits up into five groups, as follows: 1\. The lack of serious views of life, and the habit of turning the thoughts exclusively to enjoyment. 2\. The degradation of the idea of matrimony, as shown by entering into that State for low and unworthy motives. 3\. The deliberate determination of some married women to defeat the objects for which marriage was instituted to have no real home to avoid first the pains and next the cares and duties of maternity. 4\. The habit, where a home exists, of neglecting it by spending most of the time away from it, running up and down in pursuit of excitement, and turning their children over to the care of servants. 5\. The growing indifference to the chief of all social abominations, divorce. and the toleration of lax action. These, it may be said at once, are no specially American sins. They have characterised some portions of the sex ever since the world began, and they have afforded thomas for satirists and preachers in all ages and a good deal of what Dr. Dix has to Bay has been said long ago in every country under the broad sky. His special lament is that "real women " are dying out, and that the " ideal of an earnest, modest, simple womanhood" is being superseded by a poor substitute, made of " vulgarity, heartlessness, froth, and chest." The girl of the period in New York, it seems, picks up the slang of her brothers, jests at the world and all things therein, cultivates a cynical indifference, and combines with all these vices a mysterious something, described by Dr. Dix as the worship of pedantic bookings," an offence of which the English fast girl has never been accused. Worst of all, she marries not " to sacrifice herself to one individual, but rather to have free run of all avenues which lead to the enjoyment of the world." To the wife are permitted liberties denied to the maid ; marriage is to her not servitude but emancipation. Fast girls hasten to convert themselves into faster wives, and, according to Dr. Dix, they take good care to escape the domestic duties which in better days were regarded as the natural sequel of matrimony. They have either small families or none at all, and although Dr. Dix indulges in some outrageously tall talk concerning the growth of Nihilism and the organisation of friends whose weapon is dynamite," as the results of this "great, growing, almost national crime," his account of the condition of the chil dren of these households is such as to make it a cause of thankfulness that there are so few of them. For he says : "All about us we see the wrecks of homes, the shadows of ghosts of homes, the parodies of homes. Slowly are dying out the home life, the home influence, the home training, the home religion." The father throws off his duties on his wife and goes his way. The mother's first thought is how to keep the little ones out of the way, and, in order to be free for her pleasure, hands them over to hirelings If such is the fate of the few children who have the misfortune to be born their number, not their paucity, ought to be a matter of regret. That there are many girls in New York as in London, Paris, and every other centre of wealth and luxury as despicable as those whom Dr. Dick describes is true enough, and pity 'tis 'tis true But that this picture of the American girl applies to any more than the mere fringe of the sex we altogether refuse to believe. The worst of it is that Dr. Dix himself, and men of that way of thinking are partly answerable for this abnormal development of female folly. Dr. Dix has just being distinguishing himself by head- ing the opposition which has unfortunately been successful to the admission of women to Columbia College. Notwithstanding the success of Newnham and Girton, and of the Woman's Annex at Harvard, it has pleased Dr. Dix and others to denounce the higher education of women as if it were certain to result in the ruin of the sex. Women, in his opinion, ought to regard the love, admiration, and happiness of man as the chief end of their being, and a well educated woman, he seems to believe, judging perhaps from his own feelings, would be much less attractive to mankind than her more ignorant sister. It is that kind of teaching which leads directly to to the immolation of the child in society which Mr. Dix to bitterly laments. He would shut them out from all but (coal ambition, and an extravagant devotion to society is the natural result. Almost all the abuses which he assails are due to the lack of the higher and wider education which he resolutely denies. It is in vain for any one to preach that either man or woman exists solely for the benefit of some one else. Each individual exists also for him or for herself, and marriage ought no more to be the sacrifice of the woman to the man, as Dr. Dix maintains, than the sacrifice of the man to the woman. It is idle to deplore sordid views of marriage when declaiming against the opening of other means of livelihood to woman. It is a somewhat odd notion that if women are as well educated as men they will be less likely to live happily together in married life. incompatibility of temper is recognised in some States as a legitimate ground for divorce ; but it is left to Dr. Dix and men of that school to regard equality in education as a fatal bar to happy marriages. THERE NEVER WAS so delicious a toilet water as IluiiNErr'H AGUA DE FLOUIMEL. A general favourite wherever introduced. This EXQUISITE TOILET WATER II SO highly concentrated that a few drops will leave Its delightful fragrance upon the handkerchief for many hours Its odour is that of an exquisite bouquet of choice and delicate flowers, without too much of that peculiar sweetness so common in French and German waters, which at first are agreeable, but after exposure to the air become sickening. It is the reverse with BURNETT'S AGUA DE FLOKIMEL. The longer it is subjected to the action of the atmosphere the more refreshing and delicious Its aroma becomes. Try the above to judge of it correctly. For sale by A. P. MILLER, Hobart EDWARD And SON, Hobart. Wholesale by BAD noK, MOXHAM, and Co., Sydney. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR has IUin -If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Renewer," for ñwiUforítivdu restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell mt mort "Ee stores." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful. as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, when glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for The Mexican Ham BsNawaa.* Mid by essayists and psrfnawrs everwhere at say 6d. per bottle. *m>olMû^ acts r«STS<rv«d te 2, I arrTraadM lsad,Uade>. i -ii - 'TTT 