TO THE EDITOn OF THE CLARENCE EXAMINER. Sta,-I feel it my duty OM a spectator and « seaman, to reply to a letter in your paper of tho 7th instan», referring to the capsizing ot a boat at the Heads,, and let Hr Walsh and others see that it occurred! both by his and Hr Hickey's incompetency or stupidity, as will be easily soon by thoso of export «nee. We were stopped when Mr Wallace's boat came alongside to take passengers and mails ashore to links, and I heard Captain Franklin sing out to pat everything for shore in Mr Wnllaoe's boat. The Cap- tain being informed that it wa» done, he went ahead, when Mr Walsh's boat oamofrom around the Austra- lian's «torn, and hove his painter aboard the s.s. City of Grafton to one of the hands who took a turn of it, Mr Walsh never informing the captain as to what he wanted. The captain then went full speed ahead and sang out from the bridge to tho man standing by his painter to " let go," whereupon Mr Walsh shook his hand at the man, saying " you don'tlet go." All this time he was Bitting in the bow of his boat, .nd Captain Franklin sang out to him to get aft, sud Mr Hickey wu shearing her about by pulling tbs yokes of the rudder, first hard over ta one Bide and then the other, insteid of keeping her shenred off a little, Why didn't Mr Walsh show some of his seven years' experience. tbon (as ho says) when he hod an opportunity, instead of sitting in tho bow of his boat causing her to shear about, and looking ns bewildered ss if ha had soon a ghost I whioh is plain evidenao ho was never in suoh a simple predicament lu all his life before, Lut him not tell any seafaring man again that ho eon provo his seagoing qualities, To personate such an honorable profession ho would make a horse laugh at tho idea, He suys they laughed nt him ; it is very probable they did, and why ls. .Because he looked BO ridiculous in a boat. Could they laugh at a utan of experlanuo 1 Ko. Be- cause they could not have tho chance. By tho man- aor in which ho speaks of Captains Fraser and Chud- leigh, they must take special care of him. If ho hod sent off word by Mr Wallace, or have let Captain Franklin know what ho wantod, he would have attended bettor still, bcoauBe of his practical experi- ence. But lot me toll Mr Walsh onoe more, if ever he hoards a ship again, not to forget to sing out. Hop- ing Mr, Walsh will take a lesson by this in the future, and thanking you for your valuable space, T om, &o.;, B. N., AN EYE WITNESS. Grafton, 12th July. 