mihlstrj ' and rtmove to Tennessee. ' 'Pears like,' added Mr. Green sadly, ' ' that there ain't no use in preaching the gospel in Ihisbyer place so long ns a man's 'arnins is carried off hy gliosts.' What the ghost would have replied will never be -fenoiVn, for just as Mr. Green's rrmaiks came to an end the ghost's rohes caught lire as he was care . leeBly standing closu lo the fire- place. The ghost, bieaking into had language, fled from the' house and plunged into the neighbouring creek to extinguish the flames. - He was never seen again, hut ? but as' the'waler was on!y Iwb feet deep, lie bould htirdly have been drowned. . TbiB incident proves that the Hartford (jhdst hus Tieeri anticipated both us to his 'weight iind his boots, and suggests a pos sible method of trying spirits by lire, ' which liiay be of use to the owners of the ' Hartford liauhled house. HEAVY G ti O S (From the New York Timet... The ghost who is at present «ngageft. in haunting a house in Hartford, Conn; is iu son.o respi cts an entirely iiew sort- of ghost. All previous ghosts, so farj as they have bpen examined, bare b^en found to lie imponderable. It has been oue of the distinguishing marks of a ghost that lie or she could float noise lesssly across a rooin and could . p'a=s directly through closed doors or brick walls. The Hartford ghost is, on tlio contrary, very heavy. He manifests his presence by walking with a tread that sliukes flojrs and makes stairs to creak. Furthermore, he wears heavy boots.' it is the opinion of the best authorities that the Hartford ghost cannot weigh less than two hundred and twenty pounds, and that his boots are particularly heavy and clumsy. The popular theory oftheim nonderahilit.r of irlmviio Ima ceived a blow, and ffo must acknowledge that lp avy ghosts exist and wear the boaviest. kind of boots. The Hartford ghost has, however, the power of passing through a closed door, as he has repeatedly proved, but he;re mains strictly invisible — the story of an imaginative youn j w.iman to tlie eflVct tl at she lias seen him being generally discredited. A profound pliilosMplier of the Concord School is of the opinion that tho ghost has no body, and consists solelv ot weight. This theory, which would have done credit to tho schoolmen of tho Middle Ages, who believed that an ol -j-'ct can exist apart from its accidents ia iiigvuiuiu, »us me gnosi s uoots are in its way. We may i)e willing-,' for the sake of argument, to admit that a ghost may possess Weight without posessing ' form or substance, but can tlie weight of a pair of boots lie separated from, the hoots and still bn able to. make floor planks creak ? A Concord philosopher inay, perhaps, be able to conceive of -the independent rxistenca of the wnifriit nf u non-existent pair of boots, but other people will be unable to agree' with him. The simplest explanation of the Hartford ghost is that he is present in the haunted house, but that., like all other ghosts, he possesses the secret of invisibility. lie is real, and his boots are real, but tbe human eye is unable to see them, al though tbe hniuan car, at least in those cases where it is extremely long, is able to hear them. It would be exceedingly interesting to know what is portended by the appear ance of a beavy gboat, lint in our present state of knowledge no conjecture that wo can make is uf any value. That a ^bost should wear heavy liuots admits ' of two explanations. The Hartford ghost may lin\e furnished himself with boots with a view to Wiggin's storm, which, had it arrived, would doubtless have made Hartford ex'reruely muddy. Or he may bave adop'ed boots in consilience of a change of climate in the Suinmer-land. AccorJing to Mr, A. J. Davis, tbe climate of the latter popular, resort is simply perfect, and the happy ghosts have no need of boots, ' imlinrubbers, or umbrellas. The fact that the latest arrival from t'je ghustly world wears boots goes to show that he had his boots oil when lie li-ft the other world, and hcnce that the cliniato thereof is not what it should be. This casts a gloom over the future. If heavy boots are needed in the other world, so arp um brellas and o\ei co its, and the claim #iade l.v Mr. Davis and other Spiritualists that the Summer-land is an improvement upon Newport, or even Coney Island, is rendered doubtful. It lias escaped the notice of those who have iiiscussea tlie ljartlord gnost that lie in not the (iisi und only heavy ghost on record. I-i the spring of 1S67 a heavy shoit appeared to tho Rev. Scipio 'Cse-ar Green, tbe popular pastor of a colored congregation in the western part of Kent.icky. The ghost entered Mr. Green's front door one Friday night just as the reverend gentleman was 'about 'to go lo bud. He was a tall and, }yell pro portioned ghost, dressed in flowing white robes, but vvc,n ing long indiarubber boots undern atb his skirts. Mr. Green was, uf course, terribly frightened, atid bis alarm was increased when the ghost ia a s.pnlchuial vnice 8-iid, 'Gimme them chickens.'' Now, Mr. Green had spent that evening very quietly, but profitably in collecting chickens froip OolouM Mar shall's Jien-hous*», a6d:it waB clegir to him that no one but a genuine ghost could have known the fact, ' He' meekly de livered up half-a-dozen chickens to the ghost, who stalked away, leaving the prints of liis boots in the soft clay of the road. ' ' ..i t'. Three times the ghost retiirhe'd/find it so happened that on every occasion^here u'ore, surreptitious chickens in Mr. Green's kitchen, which weie demanded and received by the glio-it. Mr. Green egan to think that it was useless tor liim to pursue the chicken branch, if h's business if he were to tie watched and robbed by the ghoit. Accordingly, the fourth t inn that the ghost returned and asked fur ' tiicm chickens,' Mr. .Green i ii l that lio was very sorry but thst be bad none. Further, he announced that he intended to . retire from the -colored 