| Sfr. Bird's Best Umbrella^ By F. W. ROBINSON. Autbor of "The Hands of Justice." "A Woman's Ransom," " Poor Humanity," Ac, &c.; Eat-a-tat-a-tat-a-tat-a-tat-a-tat—Bang ! There was a pause, and a long enough pause to give me the impression that I had been dreaming of earthquakes, or of the bombardment of the British Museum, or of a volcanic eruption in Russell- square, to convince me even forcibly that I must have been dreaming, as I sat up in bed and rubbed my eyes and listened. Then —Bang! bang! bang!—rat-a-tat- a-tat a-tat-a-tat-a-tat-a-tat—Bang ! Yes, there ■was somebody evidently knocking at the street-door knocker and throwing his whole soul into the instrument—the house was on fire, perhaps, or we were wanted next door at Brian's, or a lunatic had escaped and was clamoring for admittance, strait waistcoat and all, or else the upstairs lodgers had come back prematurely from their visit to Tunbridge and were anxious to get in out of the rain, which was coming down with a vehemence that was certainly startling. I could sur mise nothing more at a moment's notice and at half-past two in the morning. We all slept very soundly In No. 10, Prossiter street, Prossiter-place, Russell- square, Bloomsbury, for we worked very hard at No. 10, and the house was a large one. It was a house of many lodgers—parlor floor, first floor, and second floor—and all comfortably let, and those lodgers who were at home were all fast asleep, or else waiting for me, the poor, weakly pro prietor of the establishment (Jane Neild, at your service, gentle reader, age twenty two, and an orphan with an establishment on her mind, and a living to get out of the establishment), to call to the servants (Bridget, able-bodied, 'general,' aged forty, and,a frightful temper, and Sarah, aged thirteen, child with a chronic- cold and a red nose, but bandy as a help to Bridget) to get up and see what was the matter at No. 10, or with .the party, out side No. 10 who was ' kicking up such a deuce of a row.' That was the way in which it was put at last by Captain Choppers, my drawing room floor, an irritable old gentleman— not to say violent when roused—who came out on the landing at last in an attire which Bridget told me afterwards was far from decorous, and began bawling voci ferously up the staircase the names of each of my maids in turn, concluding with my own name in a shriek of sheer despair. ' Miss Neild—here, I say—is everybody dead ? Miss N-e-e-e-ild !' ' Bless my soul, captain, what is it now V I cried through the crack in my door. 'Don't you hear that infernal noise downstairs, madam. Who the deuce is it, at this time of the night, who the—what do you say, madam ?' 'I'm going to open the window and enquire, unless you ' ' It's no business of mine, Miss Neild,' bawled the captain. ' I don't expect any body—I'm not going into the drawing room at this time of night with my cold. I'm disturbed enough as it is, through you all being so diabolically deaf. I shall leave this day week, ma'am. There.' And slam went the back drawing-room door, and crick-crack went the key in the irascible captain's lock. I wa3 in my dressing-gown, with a flannel article which. I take the liberty here of calling a muffler, wrapped- round my head and shoulders; and as I went towards the window, trembling, I must say, in every limb, the knocking was repeated for the third time, and with a threefold vigor, born of the delay and irritation at the gross want of attention to past summonses. I waited till there was silence again, or nearly silence—for I could distinctly hear Captain Choppers loading all hi3 firearms —and then opened the window and peered down into the damp, shiny street, which the wind and rain had all to themselves with the exception of a dark figure on my "top step, whose hat I could see was as shiny as the pavement ' What is it ?' I enquired, but the wind whisked my voice into Museum-street, and I had to repeat the enquiry in a shrill falsetto. The man below paused with his hand to the knocker again—for he was just going to begin afresh—listened, and then ran down the steps and stood on the edge of the kerbstone, with his hands be hind him, looking up at me at last. I could make nothing of him in the dark ness from my point of view. 'What do yoa want, sir?' I asked, now that I had secured the attention of this individual. ' What are you making such a noise for at this time of night V ' I'm very sorry to disturb you, lady ' cSo it seems,' I said acrimoniously, but he did not hear me, and perhaps it was as well he did hot. I have not a reputation for being severe in my remarks, but then this was an exceptional proceeding, and deserved rebuke. ' The fact is, madam, the wind has blown my umbrella clean out of my hand into your area. I would not mind so much,' he condescended to explain still further, at the top of his voice, 'but it's an umbrella I set great store by. Besides, its raining tremendously.' ' I really cannot come down at this hour and get your umbrella,'I said severely; ' you must call to-morrow for it.' ' Isn't there anybody in the house—any man—who can get it V ' The house is locked up for the night.' 'It's such a very deep area, or I would drop over and get it myself—but then I don't see how to get out again,' he said. 'I can't help you, sir ; I'm very sorry,' I replied, 'but I can't go down to- night for it.' 'I should be a brute to ask you, ma'am,' he said, politely now, and here I could see he raised his hat to me ; ' of course I could not tell who was in the lionse, or whether it might not be easy to get my umbrella—which I really value very much, I assure you, it's an umbrella which—but I am very sony to have dis turbed you, I will call in the morning— thank you, good night.' And away the gentleman strode, turn ing up the collar of his coat above his ears as he went on down the street. I closed the window, I set my "muffler" aside, and in another moment I should have been in my bumble couch again, when rat-a-tat-a-tat-a-tat-a-tat-a-tat-a-tat-atat— bang! once more aroused the echoes of the neighborhood, but brought no police man to the rescue or any anxious en quirers from the windows, except myself, who, once more enwrapped, and this time trembling with indignation, was a minute afterwards in my old position facing the dangers and inconveniences of the gale, and looking down once more at the figure below me, standing in his old position on the brink of the deep gutter in the road way. 'I beg your pardon again very much ; I am awfully sorry to be such a nuisance, but I really don't know where I am,' he cried, rattling on with great volubility. ' I haven't the least idea, and the streets are all alike, and I am quite a stranger to this part of the world, and I am afraid I shan't know this house from any other in the daylight. Might I just trouble you for the address ' Prossiter-street,' I called do wn to him. 'I thank you very much. Boshington street.' '' Prossiter-street,' I screamed. ' Prossiter — a thousand thanks and apologies. And what number, ma'am, may I ask ? 'No. 10.' 'I am very much obliged to you,' he bawled forth. 'I am exceedingly in debted ; I would not have troubled you in this way if the umbrella had not been ' But I would not listen to any further explanation ; he had already said that he set great store by the umbrella, and I did not want to hear that fact again, with the rain coming down like a waterspout, and the wind blowing every way at once. I closed the window summarily and cut short his volubility, and the instant after 'wards 1 he<?rd him running along towards New Oxford-Street as if to make up for lost time or to overtake a passing cab of which he had pfdfrably caught sight. It was some time before I could get to sleep after so lengthy & discussion under such peculiar circumstaiices. I was an noyed at the man's pertinacity concerning .his trumpery umbrella, his indifference to time, and the personal inconvenience to which he exposed people by his unreason able request, and I lay in considerable fear of his third return and another series of questions at the top of his lungs. But he came Hot again, and I dropped off to sleep at last, and was troubled by dreams of tempests, and tornadoes, and white squalls carrying away whole grosses of umbrellas, till Sarah knocked at the panels of my door with her customary informa tion that it was half past six o'clock. I was perforce an early riser. There was a great deal to superintend, and my parlor floor was a gentleman connected with the railway goods traffic department; who was always getting up early and going out to business and letting himself in again with his latch-key about seven in the morning, when he expected breakfast ready, and ate it walking about the room as a rule, preparatory to running away again in hot haste. I should have con sidered Mr. Goode an irritable lodger if it had not been for the angelic contrast that he afforded to Captain Choppers. As it was, he seemed only a little bit fussy and precise, which was attributable chiefly to his lot in life. Mr. Goode was a widower with two sons at boarding-school; and if those boys had lived and died at boarding school instead of coming home twice a year for the holidays, I think Bridget and Sarah would have rejoiced exceedingly. I remember Mr. Goode asked Sarah that morning if he could speak with Miss Neild before he left, and I went upstairs at once to see him. He was walking about with his mouth full and a slice of bread and butter in his hand. ' That was a dreadful noise last night, Miss Neild,' he began ; {I couldn't get a wink of sleep. The Captain, I suppose, again ? I must certainly ask you in my name to present my compliments to him and ' ' It was not Captain Choppers.' ' Indeed ! No ? Well, I thought I heard his voice,' said Mr. Goode, very much disappointed. 1 here was no homogeneousness between Mr. Goode'and Captain Choppers—I may say even that there were times when they hated and loathed each other. ' He's a beggarly upstart civilian, madam,' the captain would roar in ex cited moments; and 'He a captain!' Mr. Goode would say with withering con tempt, 'captain of a penny steamboat once, perhaps, nothing more.' But to my strange story. 'A gentleman dropped his umbrella down the area and knocked us up for it,' I explained with a little acrimonious em phasis. 'Well, of all the confounded imperti nence!' exclaimed Mr. Goode; 'I should like to treat that party to a bit of my mind. You never got up and gave it to him ?' 'No, I did not.' ' I am glad to hear that. For you must take care of yourself, Miss Neild, and keep strong. You are not looking well,' he said, regarding me with his head on one side as if he had a troublesome wen on the other which he was anxious to keep clear of the edge of his shirt-collar, ' upon my word you are not. You are pale and fragile-looking. A little change at the seaside now would do you a world of good.' * Yes, I dare say it would.' ' This large house is a trial to you—and that captain, with his absurd fancies and his ridiculous tempers, would worry the life out of a saint—and you are really looking extremely pale this morning. And —good gracious, I had no idea it was so late !'-•■ Mr. Goode swallowed the last portion of his bread and butter whole, and dashed like a harlequin out of the front door. When he had gone, I surveyed myself in his parlor glass and wondered if I was looking very ill, or whether, being a dismal man, he was trying to frighten me, and I arrived at the conclusion I was look ing about the same as nsual,' a prim, pale, pert little puss,' as my dear old dad called me once, when I was arguing with him on the housekeeping expenses, and how the weekly money would never hold out if he would continually ask the lodgers in to supper and a game at cribbage afterwards. Poor dad, he died next year, and left me sole proprietor of the lease and furni ture of the house in Prossiter-street, and there were no late suppers and cribbage any more. I was seventeen when he died, and I had had five years' charge of No. 10 since—'getting quite an old maid,' Lily Brian, who lived next door, said, but then Lily was four years younger than I, and assumed upon her youth, as girls will. A nice girl was Lily Brian, and my one friend and confidant, but perhaps too fond of laughing at everything, although that showed she was happy and had a keen sense of humor and a fine set of teeth. Well, perhaps I was a trifle paler, was my second conclusion after the first five minutes, and with a tinge of redness—a mere tinge—about the nose, just as if I was 'breeding a cold,' as Bridget put it. And this was not remarkable, considering last night's experiences, and sure enough the cold ivas bred before my early dinner hour, when the sneezing stage had set in with considerable force. This reminded me once more of the umbrella which had been dropped into the area last night, and I asked Bridget to bring it me. ' The what, m'm ?' asked Bridget with a wild stare. ' Tlie umbrella.' ' Umberella, and down our aiiy, did ye say, m'm ? There's not a scrap of um berella down our airy. I've been in and out twenty toimes, and must have seen it,' continued Bridget. 'Bridget, there must be an umbrella,' I said; 'go and see.' Bridget departed and returned with the information that there was no umbrella in the area, and then I went and looked for myself, and as it was still drizzling with rain I caught another cold on top of the first one, and wa3 at fever heat ere twenty-four hours had ensued. But be fore then the gentleman had called for his property, and I had met face to face the individual who had rendered last night hideous. He came at three in the afternoon, sending in his card by way of preliminary announcement that he had arrived. I did not associate him with the umbrella—in deed, I was feeling drowsy and 'outof sorts,' with pains at the back of my head, when a huge glazed card was presented to me hearing the inscription in large fancy letters of ' Geoefry Bird, Carver and Gilder and Picture Frame Manufacturer, 967, Goswell-road, Islington, N.' 'I don't wantany picture-frames, Sarah,' I said to my small help wearily. ' It's the gentleman about Ms umbrella, mum,'said Sarah. ' Good heavens ! Oh, indeed. "Well, ask him to Btep in, then ?' • My sitting-room was a small apartment at the end of the long passage, the only little room I had to myself and my day dreams—yes, my day dreams—when the house was full, which it had been all these years, for they were the same lodgers who" j had lived with us in father's time—odd, inconsiderate, queer-tempered lodgers enough,- but faitMul to my house, and keeping an old promise to my father, too, ' to stand by the little woman a bit when he was gone.' Mr. Bird was ushered into my presence, and he came in with a low bow and with a trifle too much of a smile to wholly please me, although it suggested itself to me somewhat quaintly that he would not have much to smile at presently. Mr. Bird was a slim and somewhat short man, who wore his black hair long enough for a violinist, and upon the smallest of hands the reddest and most prominent of knuckles. He was rather a good-looking young man, with brown eyes and black bushy eyebrows, and with a habit of making his head suddenly, as if to get jbe hair back from his forehead, or as if he had just come up out of water. He was fairly well dressed, might have passed even : j a gentleman if it had not been for hi3 red knuckles and that verv obtrusive smile. 'Good afternoon, Miss Neild—for I understand your name is Neild,' he began; ' I am very sorry for the third time in my life to be Buch a complete nuisance to you. But I think I am in the right this time, being here by invitation.' 'Yes: I asked you to call at a more seasonable hour, I remember,' I replied. ' but ' F ' ' And I owe you no end of apologies,' he added, 'for the noise I made last night. I was in too much of a hurry—I am naturally impulsive, in fact—and when the wind caught my umbrella, and blew it clean out of my hand into your area, my first impulse was to run up the steps and knock.' 'Yes, I heard you knock,' I said quietly. 'No, I'm sure you didn't,' he said, flatly contradicting me here; 'you couldn't have heard me the first time, for I waited a reasonable period before I knocked again. It was a tremendous while to wait with a fellow getting drenched to the skin all the time. By George, I was never out in such a rain. I shall catch a nice cold, I am afraid. You have a bad cold, young lady V 'I caught cold last night.' 'Hot—not at that window 2' ' Yes, at that window.' 'Oh, come, I am awfully sorry for that,'Mr. Bird cried, 'I didn't think of that. I thought some gentleman, or servant, or porter might be up,:Ior there was a light burning over the hall door, and it wouldn't be a great deal of trouble and save my getting wet through, Why, I would much rather have lost my. um brella altogether than have given you ,. cold, although it's an umbrella which I would not take twenty pounds for—no, nor fifty pounds either.' ' Is it a very valuable umbrella V 'Oh no, not at all; but as you know now, it's my best umbrella in every sense of the word,' he said, laughing, 'my very best umbrella, don't you see 1' But I did not see ; neither the appli cation nor the umbrella was apparent to me, and my heart quite sank at the news which I had to impart to him. The man was so enwrapped in his umbrella—speak ing figuratively—that I felt it was neces sary to break the news gently. ' I'm sorry to say I don't see,' I replied, 'for the fact is ' Yes, he was impulsive, and dashed to conclusions; and the smile did leave his face as suddenly and completely as if somebody had pulled it away by a string, and a settled look of horror, and for an instant open-mouthed idiocy, took it3 place. ! 'The fact is ' he repeated, very slowly at last; 'go on, please.' 'That there was no umbrella down our area at all.' 'Oh 1 that won't do,' he exclaimed, so abruptly and rudely that I felt the color coming up all over me, ' that won't do at any price.' ' I don't know what you mean by any price, sir,'I said, drawing myself up to my full .height, as the novelists say—and that height was exactly five feet three inches and a half when fully drawn and a little bit on tiptoe—' but you must take my word, sir, that I haven't set eyes on your umbrella.' 'Ho, Miss Neild, I don't suppose you have,' he said very quickly; 'don't think that I think, that you think—that—that —why of course I don't,' he said, tum bling into another sentence as the first one became hopelessly involved, 'and it's not at all likely; but it went down your . area—I was perfectly sober—and the servants must have seen it in the morn ing. May I ask the servants 2' 'I have asked them.' 'Isn't there a page-boy, or somebody who comes early to clean something 2' 'Ho.' ' Who is the first to go into that area in the morning, Miss Neild 2' he enquired somebody for coals I suppose.' ' Bridget or Sarah, certainly.' ' I should very much like to see Bridget and Sarah,' he suggested, 'if you would not object.' ' You must be content with my word, sir, that your umbrella i3 not on the pre mises,' I said, still loftily; 'I cannot have my servants subjected to a cross-examina tion on this question. I have already made every enquiry.' ' And they tell you that they have not seen my umbrella 2' 'They do.' 'And you believe themV 'Certainly.' ' Well I don't—and that's plain speak ing,' he said frankly. ' I'm aware of that.' 'Because, you see, it is quite impossible, unless there's anybody else in the house who gets up earlier than the servants. Is there anybody else V he asked. . 'Yes, there's a gentleman who lodges in my front parlor, who leaves very early, but——' ' That's the man. Where is he V cried Mr. Bird, with a frantic dash in a new direction of suspicion, 'I should like to see him. _ ' He's a gentleman holding a high posi tion on the railway, and is not at all likely to confiscate property that does not belong to him,' I said. 'I don't say he has confiscated it,' answered Mr. Bird, less brusquely, 'but he may have seen it this morning, and put it aside for further enquiries.' ' Mr. Goode is not in the habit of going into my area,' I said ; ' I don't believe he has been in the area in the whole course of his life.' ' Not before this morning, Miss Neild— very likely not, having notliingto go for, as it were. But when he caught sight of an umbrella—and a very peculiar umbrella— lying on the wet stones, I haven't the slightest doubt ' ' He could not get into the area, :=ir,' I said ; ' Bridget takes up the key with her every night, and besides, I told him about the umbrella this morning.' ' What did he say to that 2' ' He said it was like your impertinence — "confounded impertinence," I may say, were the actual words used,' I an swered, 'to make such a noise in the middle of the night, and he should like to give you a piece of his mind.' ' Oh, he said that, did he?' he re marked, biting his finger-nails almost savagely. 'Yes.' ' Then he's the man who's got my um brella,' he cried; 'he's keeping it back out of spite!' 'Mr. Bird, this is absolutely unendu rable.' ' I suppose he was the fellow bellowing about the house like a bull last nigb£ trying to make somebody understand that I was knocking. I heard him.' , ' Ho, he was not the fellow,' I replied, severely ; ' that was Captain Choppers.' 'Does Captain Choppers get up early V ' Ho, he doesn't, he's a very late riser indeed ; I believe he's in bed now.' 'That's his artfulness,' said the sus picious individual, 'just to make you. fancy But I could not allow him to proceed any further. I was fairly roused by this stranger's disparaging reflections. _ I rose, looked Bteadily and gravely at him, and said— ' This interview is at an end, Mr. Bird. These gentlemen are my lodgers—I might say almost my friends—and I cannot listen to your.cruel and uncalled-for remarks against their common honesty.' 'Common honesty it may be, Miss Neild,' he replied ; ' but you must allow there is very uncommon dishonesty some where in your establishment.' my little back room there was a great sur prise awaiting me. Nailed against the wall, under my father's cabinet-sized photo graph, was a brand new ornament—a little carving in oak of a dead bird hanging by its claws Lead downwards, and with every feather wonderfully delineated. I stared at ^ it with intense astonishment, and Bridget stood in the background with a grin on her face from ear to ear. 'Where-did this come from? Good gracious, how beautiful! how—weD, I never did!' My thoughts flashed to Mr. Goode, for he was liberal at times, and grateful fop any little attentions in his widowerhood's estate in the shape of darning socks or re establishing the security of loose buttons, but the truth soon came out, and then I was more astonished than ever, you please, m'm, it's the young man who lost his umbrella/ explained Bridget, with a loud guffaw at last and a violent stamping of both her big Irish feet, like an excitable. person with a hone in her throat. 'What!' " Yes, m'm,' continued Bridget; and I was to say nothing about it to anybody but you—and not till you were downstairs again—because he wouldn't have yon worried about anything, be said, not for worlds.' ' He said all that V ' Yes, m'm.' c 'i?? v but ^?sa ®he man,' I exclaimed, what has he leffc this here fop V It s it s a present, m'm, I'm thinking.7 .. present to me, and from that imper tinent being !' I said; ' I'll see about Ms present presently. When did he come ?' ' He s been here every day, m'm.' ' Every day V ' Twice a day,' Bridget replied. ' Ana the day you were so ill he came three times, to make sure the doctors weren't killing you.' t S's Tery extraordinary.' ^He is very 'stronaiy, m'm, asserted -Bridget, shure and there's not much doubt of it. The way he axed me and badgered me about that umbereller, m'm, every day after you were took ill, you'd have thought he was a judge and jury rolled into one—and Sarah, too, poor critter. ^'I never heard of such behaviour in nay ' Bight ye are, Miss Neild, as far as that £°es; but when Sarah Jfowt out crying at ' I will allow nothing. ' I don't mean I want you to allow rae anything for the loss of my umlvella,'he said hurriedly. ' Pray don't understand that.to be my wish.' ' Of course not. The idea!' ' That's all right then; very likely I am a little put out—rude in fact,' he added, apologetically, ' for I'm not a lady's man, and don't know anything about ladies, but as I am quite prepared to take my oath the umbrella did go down your area, it's rather aggravating to be told you don't believe a word I say.' ' I never said that,' I answered. ' I shall find it out my own way, I dare say j I have got a habit of sifting to the bottom of things, they tell me—butl will not trouble you any more about it, Mis3 Nield. If I have been a bit rough,' be said, ' I'll ask you to forgive me, and to believe I don't think for an instant you know any thing about it. Heaven forbid, with such a nice look as you've got ' 'Sir!' 'I beg pardon. Don't mind me, I'm bothered;' he ran on with extraordinary volubility, 'and' this umbrella was my old father's last present—just three days be fore he died—when he was given up, and one would have thought he had had some thing more serious to consider than buying me an umbrella for my birthday. He died on my birthday too, wMch is another odd part of the story,' he ran on j' but, there, good-day, madam, I am bothering you. I wish your cold better—good-day.' And away marched Mr. Geoffiy Bird out of my room, and down the long pas sage to the street door, swinging his arms wildly to and fro. He jumped the whole flight of steps into the street, and was gone, as I thought, for good. The next day I was very ill indeed— too ill to rise. I had caught cold at the open window and in the damp night air, and it had become absolutely necessary to send for the doctor, and to make what I alwayB considered was too much of a fuss over me. Lily Brian told me a week afterwards, when I was able to sit up for the first time in my room, that I had been in a critical state, and there had been one night when everybody was anxious and excited, ;; and even Captain Choppers walked continuously up and down the stairs for two hours and a half, and said, 'Poor girl, poor girl,' and had a secret conference with Mr. Goode a3 to the ad visability of having a physician in the morning, at their mutual expense, and 'say nothing about it, sir, to anyone.' But'I was better that next morning; I changed for the better with the summer weather wMch came in, bright, and fine, and hot, and suggested holidays out of town and by the great green sea for the lucky folk who could afford to spend their money. Illy Brian and her mother and father, and two gawky brothers whom I did not like very much, and thirteen small mem bers of the family, were all going out of town, and '"Why not come with us V Lily had said kindly. My answer was a very old one, and very natural, and very truthful too. ' Because I cannot afford it, Lily.' ' Oh, bother the money,' said Lily. ' That's what I often say myself.' H'lt shall cost you next to nothing hardly anything.' Lily suggested. 'Papa says you will only have to pay for a room somewhere, and you can board with us, and oh, dear, it will be awfally jolly?' ' It's very kind of your papa, and ' and I'll think of it, Lily, at any rate.' ' And make up your mind and say "yes," cried Lily—' won't you, Jane V ' I don'tknow.' ' That fright of a captain's going some where, I know,' Lily said, 'and Mr. Goode has got a free pass down the line, you tell me, and he's sure to go into the country with so little to pay for it; it's just like him. And,do think of it, Jane, there's a love!' I did think of it. Thought of Mr. Brian's large family, eighteen of them altr gether, and whether it was possible I could intrude gracefully upon them. Mr. Brian had retired from a cocoanut fibre and street door-mat business in the Tottenham Court-road, and was pretty well off, with only a slight necessity for letting his drawing-room floor. He was evidently not a rich man, and there were a few struggles to 'keep up an appear ance,' although he went out of town with his family for a month every summer, by express desire of Mrs. Brian, who re quired change every August, and regu larly sallied forth, en Jutnille, from her large establishment in Prossiter-street to a house down a back slum in High-street, Margate, where the rooms were small, and the children were heaped together sardine fashion, and now and then came back with 'something catching' as a wind-up to the season's enjoyment. And this particular August I was asked to join them. There was the sea, and you must take a little change, said the doctor, and Lily Brian was very pressing, and Captain Choppers had talked of going away for a week or two, and the boys Goode were coming home for the holidays, and I, Jane Neild, was able to pay—and would insist upon paying—my fair share for board with the Brians, having my little room out of the house, too, for that peace and quietness wMch is not always found in large families. Yes, I would go dawn to Margate "when I was strong— when I was well enough to bear the fatigue of the journey. This was a Dromise on the day the Brians, with much formality of departure, left town for the season, and I made tip my mind to get well and strong oct UAAn qo ±r ttm ® last he was very sorry and gave her 'arf-a crown ; and bo he did me, m'm, like a teal gentleman, when I thought it was quite time I crie<TK6," whett^^rf- crowns were flying ahout like'that; 'That'll do, Bridget,1 I- said —for Bridget when loquacious was familiar—• ' when was he here last ?' • This morning.1 'Indeed.1 'And I told him you were quite come round, and he said "That's a good job," and went away.1 ' Do you think he'll return ?' ' I don't think so, m'm, for he said, " Good-bye, Bridget; mind you take care of her," as he walked hisself off.' ' Did he say anything else V ' N—no, m'm, I don't seem to recol lcct * •Answer me truthfully, Bridget; what else did he say ?' 'Sorrow a word else, except that he hoped Margate would do you a power of good.' ' How did he know I was going to Mar gate ?' I enquired. ' That's more nor mortal can say, m'm. He knows a great deal more about other people's affairs than he ought. He inter feres like, doesn't he? He's a terrible curious young man.' • Bridget, you have something more to tell me, I'm sure you have.' ' Oh! Miss Neild.' 'How dare you deceive me! how dare ' ' Mercy on us, my dear young mistress, don't go and throw yourself all the way back agin by firing off like this. I'll tell ye everything, and it's not so much after all, if ye'll only keep cool and comforble.1 ' "Well—go on.1 ' And ye may give me a month s warn . ing and send me away afterwards, if ye'll only be cool, miss, and don't blame me too much jest at prisent.'^ ' "Why don't you explain ?' ' Well, then, he took it into his head Mr. Goode had got his umbereller or else Captain Choppers, and one day, when they were both out, he axed me to let him look into their rooms, and I did, ma'am—and begorra I shouldn't havebeen surprised if either of 'em had got it, mane souls that they are, with never a kind word to those who are slaving their hearts out for 'em, and ' ' Bridget, go downstairs directly.' • To be sure, m'm, I willif ye don'twant me any more.1 Bridget departed, and it dawned upon me that she had been imbibing just a little—and this had occurred once before, when papa was alive. And she had too, i but it was for joy that I was better, and to I drink good luck to me she afterwards ! confessed, and I forgave her, especially as on the next day she joined the Blue | Ribbon movement, in sheer contriteness of spirit, and was for ever afterwards— that is, up till now—a worthy, if humble, member of society. But this Mr. Geofiry Bird, how the Tpg-n did trouble me! How his nasty sus picious nature had led him to poke and pry about my establishment, and to take advantage of my helplessness and the proneness of Bridget and Sarah for half crowns to ransack the whole place! My blood boiled with indignation. And then his present—if it were a present—obtru sively nailed against the wall, too, as if I cared for his carvings, or did anything but despise his miserable manners and his uncharitable self. He could not take my word that no one had stolen his umbrella, oh, dear no! He must prove for himself that I was not speaking the truth. How I hated him! I was recommended to take a drive next day, and I hired a hansom cab and went to Goswell-road, Islington, with the carved bird. I discovered No. 967 at last, and found the house empty, and a bill with 'This House to Let1 pasted upon the shutters. Mr. Geofiry Bird had left the neighborhood within the last few days, and no one in Goswell-road knew what had become of him. So I bad my jonrney for nothing, and all the expenses of payment for carrying me through the heart of the big city, where there was not a breath of air stirring that hot day. I don't think the drive did me any good, I was bo terribly vexed that Mr. Bird was not to be discovered, and that I bad to return to Prossiter-street with his hateful carving on my lap, I would have thrown it out of the cab only I was afraid of hitting somebody between the eyes and creating an uproar in the metropolis. 'Put that wretched thing away where I can't see it,' I said to Bridget on my re turn. • Yes, m'm, leave it to me, m m/ * I don't mean where we can't find it,11 added, meeting a decisive expression in Bridget O'Gowan's green eyes that alarmed me; ' Hie man may call again, although I doubt it very much.1 Next week I was strong enough to join the Brians at Margate—that salubrious marine retreat where one meets everybody he knows, if he only waits long enough. And on the jetty extension that evening I met Captain Choppers and Mr. Goode, who had both come down ' by accident,1 and who had been passing each other on the jetty all the evening as though they had never met in the whole course of their lives. Mr. Goode's two sons were in Margate also, but, having fallen headlong into the water whilst fishing, had gone home to bed whilst their suits were being dried. And the next morning _ whom should I meet face to face, and smiling as vigorously as ever, but Geofiry Bird, the carver. It was early morning, when very few people were stirring, and I had gone for a walk along the Fort to put my blood in circulation and get an appetite for break fast. The Brians were not early risers, and I knew it was no use calling at their apartments till half-past eight o'clock. Mr. Bird was clad in a dark blue pilot suit, with a very yellow straw hat set on the back of bis bead and a large telescope under bis arm. He was supremely nautical, and I took him for somebody rather high in the coastguard service—a sergeant or something—before he raised his hat and came with a kind of antelope spring towards me. ' Mi aa Neild,1 he exclaimed, ' I am so very glad to Bee you about again. You really cannot imagine how glad I am!' 'I don't understand why it should occa sion you any pleasure, sir.' I said in my most reserved tone of voice. •Don't you though ? Oh, well, I'll tell you.1 He turned and walked by my side, and I did not see on the instant how it was possible to get rid of him. I felt my equanimity was seriously disturbed by his appearance, by his insufferable obtrusive ness. This was part and parcel of his | ordinary behavior—a total want of fore- ; thought, which was as evident that day as in the small hours of the morning when , he had roused me out of my first sleep by nearly battering the house down. He alluded to that little incident at once. 'In answering me that unlucky night, Miss Neild, you nearly caught your death,' he explained, 'and nobody can imagine how miserable I was—how desperately wretched—until I heard you were out of danger. I should have never forgiven myself, upon my honor, and I did not know a moment's peace till Bridget, your girl, told me you were out of danger. Lor! what a trial it was!' ' I don't see why—I don't understand at all—I " ' I can just fancy how a man feels who has committed a murder and is not found out yet,' he continued; ' it was dreadful, and all my own fault too—every scrap of it.' I did not feel so bitterly towards him after this. His manner was genuine, if too forcible and fluent for every-day wear. I might have even thanked him for his exaggerated interest in my health and said good-morning, if 1 had not sud denly remembered his surreptitious visits to my lodgers' apartments. Then I was adamai0 and? Be tfafcfr X£i Be^ was cer tainly an Observant "man .whom very little Tescaped. I noticed the broad smile dis appear, and he said, almost with astonish ment— ' "Why, you're offended with me still!' 'As I have only seen you once before in my life, I cannot well speak of being offended, Mr. Bird—but I must say- —' 'No, no, don't say it,'he cried, inter rupting me, 'don't say a word more, please. I—I know it was a great liberty — an unwarrantable liberty — but I couldn't help it. I wanted to make a little return for all the trouble and misery I had brought about, and I couldn't think of anything else. I had just done it, you see.' 'Done what ?' I exclaimed snappishly— I could have screamed at him for two pins. ' "Why, the little bit of carving—aren't you talking about that ?' he enquired. ' No, sir, although I'll trouble you to remove the article from my premises as soon as you conveniently can.' 'Oh!' ' But I am alluding now, sir, to your ungentlemanly behavior in bribing my servants to let you inspect my apart ments.' 'I didn't bribe your servants, Miss Neild. Poor girls, I frightened them, but I did not give them money as a bribe. You might have thought better of a fellow than that,' he said, very sorrowfully, 'although why you should I don't know exactly.' "'You had no right to go into my lodgers' rooms and search for that trum pery umbrella you lost.' ' No right!' he repeated. ' Certainly—no right.' ' But one of those two old beggars has got it,' he cried, energetically, ' I'm sure of that.' ' How dare you say this to me !' 'Who else can it be? I know you haven't got it,' he cried, 'I am sure your two servants are as innocent as babes un born, and they were the only two besides in the house that night—the upstairs lot had gone to Tunbridge for two days.' ' How did you know that ?' ' Oh! I made every enquiry,' he ex plained coolly, ' and as the umbrella wa3 a precious possession to me—I think I told you before it was a gift from my father on his dying bed—I made every effort to find out what had become of it.' ' And a very mean way of trying to find out it was,' I said with asperity, ' and—good morning.' ' Go-ood morning,' he said in a low croaking voice. He raised his bilious straw hat, dropped his telescope, which he picked up ana tucked once more under his arm, came suddenly to a full stop, and let me go on my way unmolested any further by him. "When I had got a good distance from him I began to feel a little sorry—even a little in doubt if I had not been too hard upon him. He had appeared so utterly dumbfounded by my last opinion of his conduct, and he had turned of such a variety of colors. Perhaps, from his point of view, and with an umbrella which had vanished from every point of view, he was not wholly to be blamed. Perhaps the captain had—no, that was quite impos sible. Perhaps Mr. Goode—oh, I was getting as miserably distrustful as this unhappy man. Yes, I was a little sorry. As I went off the fortj I stole one glance behind me to make sure what had become of him ■—that his impulsive nature even had not led him to jump off the cliff. He was all right, he was a long way off—indeed, in the very place where I had left him— not overwhelmed or mad with grief and shame, as I had almost feared he might be, but standing with his legs planted widely apart, looking at me through his I telescope. "When he saw I had turned he I wheeled quickly round and feigned an interest in the sea, knocking the hit off a bath-chairman just passing him with an early fare who had lost the use of his legs. Well, there was an end of the intruder, I thought, and I could have wished— yes, I did actually wish—that I had been more of a young lady and less of a vixen in my reproaches to him. I had been put out by his appearance at Margate, by his venturing to address me, and had lost my self-composure, but then a more ob tuse and aggravating person I had never encountered before. Not so very obtuse either, but very quick to take a hint, and to guess where he was disliked and his company was ob jected to. We passed each other twice and thrice a day after that, hut he never ventured to speak to me again. He bowed with great gravity, and exhibited. an extraordinary formality in taking off bis hat, seizing it in the middle of the crown and raising it like the lid of a saucepan, and there was no further occa-; sion to object to his expansive smile. He was a stolid, even a woebegone young i man, with something on his mind. Had { it not been for that everlasting telescope I under his arm one could have imagined I him a prey to the deepest rooted sorrow. I think he was the most sad when I ! passed him in company with the Captain, ; who sometimes condescended to prome i nade with me, and the most angry when I was out with Mr. Goode, to whom I was a relief from the wear and tear of two boys wonderfully full of animal spirits on unseasonable occasions. When I was with Lily Brian he seemed to brighten up a little, and Lily was curious concerning him, and asked me many questions. 'Who is that good-looking young man, Jane, who is always taking his hat off?' she asked one morning. 'He is a carver and gilder; I don't know him—that is, I hardly know him/1 said; ' he called once about something he had dropped down our area, and he's claimed an acquaintance ever since.' 'Then why doesn't he speak? asked the practical Lily, ' He's much too quick with his speech; and it's a very good thing he's a trifle quieter just now,' I said sharply, and Lily looked at me and said eagerly— ' Tell me all about it. Is he——' ' No, he is not.' 'Oh! I beg your pardon, Jane; I thought he was.' ; An enigmatic dialogue, but we perfectly understood each other. And I hoped that I had made Lily understand I had no interest in Mr. Bird, for young girls jump so rapidly to conclusions whers young men are concerned. Not that Lily was in the habit of jumping after young men in any way—I don't mean to convey ihat impression. Lily was full of BpiritB, but a good girl in every respect, with not an atom's worth of the ordinary Margate Jetty girl in her constitution; not she. Still, curiously enough, I was deceived in and by Lily Brian. I had no idea she could have been so cunning or I so Easily deceived. One morning when I walked down the Jetty I found to my intense astonishment Mr. and Mrs. Brian Lily, George, the eldest Master Brian! and Mr. Goode, all talking and laughing with Mr. Bird, and taking it in turns to peer through his telescope at some object on the far horizon. I walked up slowly, and with blushes on my cheeks, I am sure, in my surprise. 'Lfe my dear, here's a gunboat/ said Mr. Brian as I approached; ' this gentle man has been kind enough to allow us to inspect it through his veiy powerful telescope. Look here, child.' Mr. Bird did smile a little, in a sheep faced and embarrassed kind of manner, as he glanced towards me, hut he did not say a word when Mr. Brian handed me the instrument. He even let Mr. Goode focus the instrument for me without interfering in any way, although I fancied I heard him grinding his teeth. 'Jt's a capita! glass, sir,' Baid Mr. Brian to him. Mr. Brian, being of a genial turn, was always disposed to be friendly with the first stranger whom he encountered out of town. fJesj it's a good glass/ ' Had it long, sir ? Would you like to dispose of it,mow 2' was" the i osihuating enquiry. 'It belonged .tQ. my father,' was the reply,' therefore it has not a money value to me. It was las present when I was one-and-twenty, antl I shouldn't like to part with it.' Another birthday present, I thought. Heavens, if he were to lose this too ! ' Certainly not, certainly not,' said Mr. Brian, 'I admire.your good feeling, sir. George, you hear that ?' he said to his son, who was wholly lacking in filial senti ment, and was at that identical moment sucking the bare knob of his stick as if it: was an egg. George nodded' and then winked at me; a most objectionable lout was George, and Mr. Bird scowled ferociously at him, and from him to me. I inspected the gun-boat, or tried to inspect it, for the object-glass was very misty with little transparent worms that seemed to be wrigglingand dancing all over it; I returned the telescope to its owner, who said 'Thank you, ma'am,' very quietly and with his look of sadness highly developed again. Still he remained remarkably non-ob trusive ; he did not attempt to force his conversation upon me in any way, and presently he was walking down the jetty with Mr. Brian, and talMng and laughing, as if he had known him all his life. I thought all this wa3 a new and deep ! laid scheme of his, but it was really Lily J Brian who was at the bottom of it all, or who at least induced her parents and her [ brother to say from that day ' good-morn ing ' to Mr. Bird, and even to shake hands with him. Hence I was obliged to say 'good-morning' also when he directly addressed me, and to become by degrees on speaking term3 with him again, and almost to forget that umbrella question which had been a bone of contention—a j whalebone of contention—between us. Not that the umbrella was off his mind in any way, for he had been introduced to j Captain Choppers on one occasion, by I Captain Choppers's express request, as that gentleman wanted to borrow his telescope, and to my astonishment I heard Mr. Bird say five minutes after the intro duction— ' Y ou see, it was not for the value of the umbrella, but because of the associations connected with it. I hope you under stand, captain.' ' I understand perfectly,' was the reply, j ' but that was no reason why you should have kicked up such an abominable uproar, sir.' Captain Choppers had borrowed the telescope, and was now dominant and rude. The time was drawing near towards the end of the holiday when Mr. Bird and I were friends. I may remark, actually friends, although I will say very firmly, and despite Lily Brian's opinion, nothing more than_ friends. Mr. Bird's holiday would expire a few days before our own, I learned, and though I would not have owned it for untold wealth, I was sorry he was going back to London, He had in formed me of his position by that time, and of his prospects for the future, or of some of them. _ He had given up the business, and his father's business before him, of carver and gilder in the Goswell road 5 he was very clever at his trade, I felt sure, for he had been offered the post of superintendent of work by an eminent firm in Oxford-street, with whom he had done business for years, and at a very respectable salary indeed. He was exceeding communicative the last day of his stay in Margate ; we were sitting together under the shelter of the verandah of the refreshment-room, with the band playing out in the rain. We were alone for a wonder; the Brians were on the rocks in search of anemones, with the exception of Lily, who had left me half an hour ago, with an injunction to come home if it 'poured/ and with an umbrella to shelter me, as I had ventured out without my own. She had seen— having veiy sharp eyes of her own—Mr. Geoffiy Bird advancing down the jetty, and had made some trivial little excuse to leave me, 'togivethepoor fellow achance,' she told me afterwards. And there he was sitting by my side, cool and comfort able, and with the rain coming down in i big drop3 and startling and confounding the pleasure-seekers. ' I shall be quite the gentleman soon, Miss Neild,' he said with a laugh, ' and with a soul above. shopkeeping. I only want a few friends about me to make life worth living; but I have never had any friends. Never had the. .time, or never ! saw anybody who was worth taking any trouble about until—until lately.' I could not reply to this. . I did not ; | know what he meant by ' lately.' I ' People never took to me either,' he I confessed ruefully; 'I have a bad habit | of speaking out what is on my mind, and I'm inquisitive and suspicious at times, and so on. Altogether a beastly character.' He waited for me to reply to th?«, I ! had thought him abrupt and inquisitive I and suspicious, but that seemed a very long time ago now. He had improved wonderfully of late days ; there were little traits of character, of frankness, earnest ness, generosiiy, one could almost admire, but I was not going to tell him so, though he waited patiently as if ha expected something of the kind. As if men were not vain enough in themselves, without being told of their accomplishments 1 'You would not like anybody to say that but yourself,' I said, however, and it was a remark which did not commit me to anything. 'No. I should knock him down pro bably,' he replied, ' especially if it were the captain or that railway goods inspector fellow.' 'Don't you like them?' I. asked inno cently. ' Do you ?' he rejoined. ' They are old friends, almost.' \- 'You don't make all your lodgers friends V he remarked. ' Not always.' ' I should think not,' he said, very scorn fully now. 'But these two gentlemen knew me when I was a little girl.' ' Ah! That makes a difference, I sup pose ; that's why they are both so fond of you,' he added, with a sigh. ' Fond of me!' 'You might marry either of them to morrow, if you cared to hold up your little finger—I can see that.' I ' What nonsense 1' ' Oh! it's true enough,' he cried. I laughed. ' Then I shan't hold up mv little finger.' ' That's right,' he said, and he actually drew a long deep breath, as though it re lieved|him to hear me say so j 'for that captain's a pompous old noodle—a selfish party who's stuck to my telescope a whole week—and the railway man would fidget any woman out of her life in a fortnight.' ' What's the matter with him ?' 'He's an old woman, that's all.* ' Upon my honor, you are very uncom plimentary in your verdict upon my lodgers.' ' I hate your keeping a lodging-house,' he muttered. .'My poverty, and not my will, con sents,' I answered. He was very silent for a long time now. The visitors had hurried homewards or had sought shelter like ourselves, the baud had ceased playing, the rain was coming down in earnest. ' May I ask a favor of you before I go back to London,' he said, suddenly and very hoarsely. What is it ?' * Will you say " yes ?'' 'Not till I know what it Is about,'I replied with spirit,' certainly not.' ' Well then,' he cried,' don't give me back that little bird I carved. You Baid you would, and it has been preying on my mind that it will come flying back some day when I least expeot it, and so upset me terribly, I .want it hanging on your wall to remind yon of me, some times, you know; being a fcw'd, like roe you see, it- must., ,And .though our ac quaintance did not commence auspiciously, still you have forgotten'and forgiven, haven't you ?' 1 Well—yes—almost.' ' And you -will keep that little carving ?' 'Perhaps I will.' 'Blessyou, Jane—Mjs3 Nield, I mean. And now—— I was getting alarmed at his vehemence, and very much afraid of what he would say next. I jumped up. ' I think I will go home to Lily. She's all alone, poor girl.' ' But it's raining cats and dogs.' 41 don't mind the rain, and I'm fond of cats and dogs,' I said, tripping from the shelter and struggling to op an the umbrella which Lily had lent to me. 'You have caught cold in the rain be fore now,' he said drily; 'do stop a few minutes longer.' 'No,'I said, shaking my head, 'I would rather net.' 'Here, let me manage that thing for you, then,' he said, making a dash at the umbrella, opening it, and holding it above my head, 'if you must run away; but you'll get very wet.5 • 'I've got my waterproof.' ' Yes, but—oh, Lord!' ' "What is the matter V I exclaimed, as he turned very red and white, just as I had seen him on the Fort, only now he looked at me as if I were a ghost and my spectral appearance had frightened him. He did not reply at once, and I cried— ' Oh J what is the matter ? Aren't you well ? Won't you tell me ?' ' It's all right—that is, I shall be all right In. a minute,' he answered, in quite a new and hard tone of voice; ' don't mind me.' * What can it be V 'I tell you it's nothing. Miss Neild,' he said, 'don't take any notice of me, please. I had rather you didn't.' It was a strange request, but I did not. I maintained a rigid silence, being a little nettled presently at his own silent move ments at my side, his steady stare ahead of him, the stern expression on his face. He marched along in so grave and dumb a fashion at last that I could have slapped his face for him. What did he mean by such behavior, I wondered; at the end of the jetty he brought my heart into my mouth by suddenly roaring out— ' No, I'll never believe it! It's magic, it's a lying dream, it's anything hut this ! I can't believe it of you—I'd rather jump into the sea than think it for another moment.' 'Think what? Good gracious, why don't you tell me.' ' Think that you have deceived me all the time. You, too, of all the lot of them!' ' What have I done, Mr. Bird ?' ' This—this umbrella,'he cried. 'Well.' ' It—it's the umbrella I dropped down your area. My father's present, I can swear to it anywhere. They're my initials on that silver collar, B." Oh! heaven and earth, to fancy for one in Btant that you—Miss Neild, I am going raving mad. Look at it, look at it.' I stared from him to the umbrella which he had thrust into my handfq and felt going mad myself. I looked so ! terribly mean and guilty, and yet I was 1 so perfectly innocent, and I did not want him now to have one thought against me. ; I was confused, I did not know how to I explain, I felt too indignant in the midst j of my grief even to try to explain, for he ' ■ should not have jumped to conclusions in this way—but have waited and—and then I burst into tears. 'Oh, .pray don't cry,' he called out, 'for mercy's Bake don't, Jane; I don't care about the umbrella now, I don't mind your taking ' ' Its—its not mine!' I screamed out at last, 'it—it was lent me by Lily Brian, because she thought it—it—it wpuld rain before I got home. There!' ' Thank God! What an awful thief she is for one so young,'he cried; 'I am so tremendously glad though, so awfully glad—— ' Take your umbrella,' I cried, pitching it at him, ' and I'm glad it's found, too, very, 'I don't mean I'm glad I've found it, but that you——' 'How dare you suspect me?' I cried, sweeping majestically away from hinrg bub he followed me and held the umbrella over my head again and overwhelmed me with hurried and incoherent apologies which I declined to accept, ' Perhaps it's not mine,' he said at last; ' pray be rational, Miss Neild, " B" stands for Brian as well as Bird. Is Mr. Brian's Christian name George, do you think ?' 'Don't speak to me. You know it's your umbrella.' 'It is a little like it,' he said dismally. 'I dpn't want any miserable evasions, Mr. Bird, and I never want to see or speak to you again, and I ' ' Why, Jenny, what's the matter,' cried Lily Brian, suddenly appearing round the corner of the street, and under another umbrella, and with a shawl over her arm, 'where have you been? Ma was afraid you wanted more wrap3, and has sent me out with them, and—how d'ye do, Mr. Bird ? Who'd have thought of seeing you this wet day ?' 'I've offended Miss Neild,' he said, not smiling in the least at her arch manner of address to him. 'You ! oh, what about?' she cried. ' That nasty, hateful umbrella,' I said; ' where did you get it, Lily 2 oh, where did you get it ?' ' What's the matter with the umbrella ?' asked Lily, very cool and self- possessed. 'It—its not yours!' I exclaimed, 'it never was yours.' ' No; its George's. He lent it me this morning.' ' And where—where did your brother get it?' 'I don't know.' But we did very shortly. George had found it in his father's area, and, with a total disregard of other people's rights— being young and short of umbrellas—had quietly appropriated it without the slightest fuss. > It was like a dispensation having his initials already engraved for him, too. Yes, it was down Mr. Brian's area that Mr. Bird had dropped his um brella that night, and GeoSry had knocked at the next door by mistake. I call him Geofiry now. And a very lucky mistake it was, he always says, even to this day, and I have been Mrs. Bird three years, and there is another little Bird crowing in its nest too. 