MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. A child in Rockhampton was kicked on the breast by a schoolfellow, and died after a fortnight's illness. The egg of sonme enormous extinct bird has been received at Capetown from Madagascar. It is 12in. by 9in. in diameter, and 36in. by 28in. in circum- Lerence. Duncan Sutherland, at Northcote, had his leg badly broken by a fall of earth. Twelve of his fellow- diggers carried him to Thornboroughh, a distance of over twenty miles. Sutherland weighs over 12st. Mr. Spurgeon's popularity seems to be great in America. The Philladalphia Petss says the Crilb" of New York) has thought it worth while to make arrangements to have Mr. Spurgeon's sermons tele graphed across the Atlantic every Sunday night in time for Monday paper. At a kangaroo drive, at Arthrsleigh (N.S.W.), on the 8th instant, Mr. W. M'Court was accidentally shot in the face and body by one of the shooters. One of the shots entered under the eye, passing round the cheekhone, nearly to the ear, causing a deep wound. Had it not been for a log fence, which re- ceived most of the charge, the accident would, doubtless, have had a fatal termination. A southern contemporary reports that recently a female passenger between Hay and Wagga lost a purse containing £200. It was found by an engine driver named O'Reilly, who returned it the owner, refusing a reward. The same woman again lost a purse containing about £180, which was found by a young man and given to the police. The careless woman gave the finder the magnificent reward of 12s. 6d. Two Chinamen, named respectively Low Chow and Ah Sing, fishermen, had a serious quarrel, on Monday morning, which is likely to result fatally (says the Port Douglas Chronicle of the 6th instant), Ah Sing being seriously stabbed with a pocket-knife in the region of the kidneys. The cause of the quarrel is a mystery up to the present. The would be assassin has been arrested, his victim being in the hospital. According to intelligence received from St. Peters- burg, it is reported there on good authority that the Grand Duke Nicholas Constantinovitch, who has been superintending the construction of the Ary Canal, in Turkestan, has been placed under arrest, by command of the Emperor, for having on his own responsibility interfered in matters within the province of the Governor of Turkestan. A tall factory chimney has recently been erected at Breslau, Germany, that is made almost entirely of paper. Some substance is added to the paper pulp to make it incombustible, and it is then run in ring- shaped moulds and subjected to enormous pressure. The rings thus made are laid one upon another and fastened with iron bolts. A paper steamboat is also being built at Lansingburglh, New York, for Pittsburg parties. The slave trade seems to be in full swing at Tangiers. The most recent sales of slaves are re- ported as follows :—A negro boy, aged eight, $38 : and a girl who sold for $24. These were sold the same day. On the following morning a girl was exposed for sale in the market-plaee, and was sold for $33, and two days afterwards a young mulatto was sold, and realised $20. Since April 1,42 persons have been publicly sold at Tangiers. It is reported on excellent authority (says the Northern Miner of thets I Ith instant) that several of the voters returning from Ravenswood in the train on Friday openly boasted of having voted as often as four times at the election yesterday. When mildly reproached for this by one of our leading residents, the dirtiest and drunkest of the lot broke out into double-shotted abuse of Hubert and his serstineer, Mr. Chisholm, claiming to have made that gentle- man and other scrutineers drunk by "' fixing" their drinks. The number of those who repeated may safely be 'estimated at eighty. A great deal has been said about the necessity of developig Irish. fisheries. How successfully this may be done there has been abundance of evidence to show. Lady Bsurdett-Cootts has made a philan thropie and interesting experiment with regard to Irish fishermen of Cape Clear, to whom. in sums varying from £50 to £t00, she has lent in all a total sum of £5000. Reports from her agents show that thIe loans are being repaid with punctuality, and that asome of thle men to wh nt these kindly loans were made have purchatsed lishlng.hoIts ol the hest build, in the Isle of Mas. with which they are doing welL The work might be extended, and woul enrich Ire laud more than some kinds of political agitation. Two tenders (says Wednesday's (Courier) were received at the office of the Contutiesiouner for Rail ways for the constructioa of section No. 7 of the Central Railway, in length fifty-three miles. The lowest was that of Mesrs. O'Rourke ansd Co., £687,077 4s. 4d., or a little less than £1600 per mile, The other tenderers were Mlessrs. G. ]:olhford aend Co. This section carries the line from the Blelyando River (252 miles from Rockhamlpton) to Jericho. The line is anthotised to lfarcaldite, 62 miles further west. Three tenders were received for the railway from Mackay to lJaisilton awl Etos, a distance of thirty miles. The lowest of these was that of Messts. J. Simith and Sons, £41,507 3s., or about £1383 lls. 4t. per mile. The other tendarers were Mtsoers. G. Basuhford and Co. and O'tRcnrke and Co. Ilenry Irving, the celebrated tragedian, was greatly disappointel (say a London paper) at his failure to receive kniglhthoodl at tihe 4th of July haque1tt. He fully expected to he hloneoured, and the P'rince of Wales wat so s.tguine of being able to sceurei his lbRyal mother's consent to confer the order that he caused it to be privately understood among his inntcliat fr'iends that the knighting for the first time of anl actor in England wouhll be the grtat feature of the banquet. There can be no doubt that this understanding was largely instrumental in socaring the presence of many of the most dis tinguished gucots at the dinner, and was the great motive which prompted the greater names upon the list of 250 stewards to give their countenance to the reception : nor can there be any dolabt that the Prince of Wales did all in Ihis power to secure for Iring the coveted honotr, and expected up to the last houar to succeed. So bitterly disappointed was the P'inee over his failure that, although Ihe had eonsented to iet.as chief steward, and to preside, Ite remained away ftrom the proceedings. The Mahtlon crrestpondent of the Artuso gives the following particulars of an assault on a female who was mistaken for a ghost:—" A few tights ago Mirs. Millet was returtinghome, and, whilstwaiting fOr-a friend at a street-corner., was passed by a young man. w"ho, after going past hera few yards, returned, knocked her down, and struck her, giving her two idtlck eyes andt inflicting other injtries. Before leaving, le tIld her he thought he had gitven her enough. On reaching home she informed her friends, who at once cmmunitcated with tihe police, but, tas shte could nttot give any descriptiott of the person who assaulted her, the matter remained a mystery. Re ptrts had for soene titte tont been current that ghosts had been seetn in the neighbourhood of the place where the assault took plae, and thIe following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbounrhood appeared as usual, but with a band aged and hIelless had, and informed his customers that he had been lighting with the ghost. On hear itg that Mrs. Miller's case was in tihe hands of tihe police, he at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and. on finding that she was really the ghost hie had attacked, he olfered a moat abject apology. It is not known whether this has been accepted." The practice of over-working engine-drivers and firemen on the English railways might lately Ihave litd to one of the most appalling accidents on the London and Holyhead line. The Loindon corres- ponldent of the .4trtx, writing on Jn.1te i, relites that passetgero by the Irish mtail had a wonderfully narrow escfape ftrott a terrible eatstropie. The peril was iUtnrrtdl between Lhtndtlno Juncotion andtl Colwyn Bfay. An ongite hadt been taking an ex cursiotta tain to angor, atdl was oil its ilttneward way to OChster; but. solewhetoe betweetn altgor antd Lotududno statin. the driver and the firemean, twearied out with liftet't hours' work and exp.)atre to the heat tf the weather, fell into a profound sleep. The sigtnaltma at the jtnctiotn itttelded to slhut the ,',gi,. int, :?i.in1g, that it might he out of the way of the Irish explecss ; hbut the sleeping driver did lnat s,.c the signals, all.l dashed th'ough ithe statiot. The signtdman, with greI t sagaeity, ,f vi.ed th'a esate tof the nc?lect, and tlegraphtod fotrward t. h:s c lage at (ohlwyn to ru, SCe the ten by f,=g-sig al , This un, ,lone with equal pronlpti tn.ic, and ,el o, the enine was ;:rrcstel, and brouglht inter the t ':, g. it wao f, C tl C t ti t . he t lie was Oth . A little f othtr o it mo tI hat'e eot ot a scta d. still ill t t p t? t.ay iof the .c0a ieg Icrish tttil . tal swouid tlt,dolbte'dly thave ci- etdl a dire dieaster, The dal ,It leiot ro-ef S aid to fitte bnath steti Nad, hub n .thin- is rI'?.tl ed as t e th,, pultishmin)t: duoe to those who kept them at tbe'r exhfusting work for so tanty Ihouis, The Maryborough Choroniile of Monday last states that " the City Fathers will hold their usual fort- nightly corrubhrce to.nor'ow afternioo at tie ac customed camp." ['There is a sad lack of reverence in the tone of this announcemnent.] It is a curious fact that so firm in texture is the paper of a genuine Bank of England not that hturn iug alone can hardly destroy it. The authorities have in a little glaoced frame the resmainta of a note whlieh was in the great fire at Chicsgo. 'lThough completely charrel, and black, the oaer holds to. gether, and the note is sollhiiontly legible to skobdlish ito geuuieneles, andl to be cashed. The Lower Herbert oerrep-.Jl-ent of the Tom.'. vre Jlllrhio, unhder late 7th inustast, says :-"All plautations will 00oon he crushing. airiloch usadl Maeknalde are in full swinag. Nine' miles of railway at Victoria P'lantation are now compllete, and trains run twice at day to the wharf. It loo l(sites like civilisation to see the locounotivcs rushing aout. ain ins wanted very hally, as everything i l?o oking parehel. Vi'ater is shlo t at lhghaml.. \'e have been promised a well for some time',' but as yet it has not been conlmneeee,." The lion. Ion Keith-F.?dcolenr's great feat of travelling oni a bicycle from John o' Groats to L unl's End, a dlstance of 130 mile. in thirteen days, has been eclip'ed by Mr. ,oamos Lounox, con of P'rovost Lennox, of )onofri.s, who has aca:omplishel the dis tance in ninu dlays four hours. This is tlhe greatest achievement on thle bicycle o0 recordl, and is ouhancal by the fact that sole delay was casedl by hlis mi.ichie brleaking down, nod by having, another oceaSion, been compelled by the violoc?e of a gale to stop for several hloura at Th'l'urso. A remarkable inetance of the fidelity and sagacity of the dog happeued at Milford lHaven. Two men natued Davies and Taylor were out in a boheat whlich wa aswampedl. The forioer of tlhese was the owner of a dog, and whilst the men were strolggliog in the water tlhe animal eaughtl hold of T'aylor with the object of supporting lims ; finoing, however, that it wsas not hils Iabte" tO whOm hlie wos renldering assist ance, lie relinquishoed his grasp and wcut to the aid of Davies, his matter, supporting him until he was resuedl by a paosing teamnur, the other mann beiog drowned. "At Hong Kong, on July th," tle China ,11ail reports, "a large twaostoroyedl p:lolic latlrine, licensed forty-eix llper?aso, sudoenly collapeel frooo top to lbotlom, roof and all, the havc ou?ter shell alone remaining staodlin.g. The huihlieg Ivas, unfortu iat-ly, full at the tiome, and as soon as thl' lhst eoinfusion was over, andol a ttempt to clear away the debria and render ansiastance was made, it was funod that two lrrs Ols were killedl,ad no luc wrr th,,, thirty-five injurel, some i:f them wee serioucly. At the inluaest held u0pon the bolies ofi those killed by the eatastroph!e-a faouo'oor who was iausing through here on his way to Sydney ali. and a " u thirteen years-both were idcotilied."-Arfeos. The Syolney eorreslpon?.dnt of the Couhrier writes : -Another easosot has been siglhted, anol as?t'OUO!slecr are exercising their minds aindl their telescopes over the mysterious wandelrer; but it is ioot visible fromi here. 'lie cableglslo conoVeyiog the iteltlig'iece of the discovery is nee:.sscarily brief : " laint cososet oin covered in Diaaae, 3rl Septembaler. ltighltaseension, eixteen houars: dleclination, nIorth, iS'. vinugilg slowly south.." Ill thisllosition it is, of eourse, below our horizoun ; but, allow lug that it loa a quarter of a degree soutlherly lotiouu, it should no w he visible froml Queeienlanld. Those o'iho have telescopes in your culoioy lshould therefore sweep'll the sky as oon alter sunset ias possible, near tile huorizo, a few de grees e thoe west of nuorthi. It is reasonalile to suppose, from its apparent southerly motion, that not ouly will it gradually ooie into our view. but also that it is applroaehing the sun, and miost likely will be nearer to us than it noiw is. The a-iter of a letter, signed " P'otjastler's 'Old Couimade,' " which appeared in yesteodlay's (/oatroer, is of opiinion that the lears entrtaoiie, respecting the safety of Mr. W. Carr-lloyd are almost eanseless. lie says that according to a letter under date April 5, in lwhich the well-known explorer makes known his intenitions, hIl had "a tolerably extessive pro gramione. lightlhunidred miles of conoiry to travel say, to muake eveln a superlicial examination, twelve msiles a dlay or sixty- six days ; foriming a stasioi a monthl-little enolugh even to Isark thile boau'daries of a property 3125 miles in area-tlhen prospeetiting for gold, which is an alonUoi plursuit of inolelinito duration, and finally retoro, i?ea toebuck lehy aidl 'Perth. Mr. lloyd has nowo been out six oelntilis-far too blrirf i. tiie to create anxiety for his safety, and if I can inspire the sanme colislence in his relatives and tt ienods as I feel ouynelf, they will dsliss wlhat I trust are lprenaiatu'e fears." Thle suspiciolo oilsllppearaclc of a Chinailan Oil hCe Russeal lie'r hasleer reportedl to the police by sanne timber-getters just returned fro-o thiat riverI (s?ays the Ihoiros PTel). A Chineiman left Mr. lDe l'uarri'a selection with the intention of journeying to the Johiotone, and on the track ftll in withl the timbeor getters who relorted the occurrence, and fromo whomi he eamlped about half-a-mile of" The natives were here atthoer trloules'noo,, lbut were frightcened away by reports from the fire-ai-rs calrried by the tiulber getters, who then proeeded 1 O tihe track in ?airch of cedlar. On their returni they were anrpsstosl of tat omeetisig the Chionaman, who oosat have followed on their track or returnedl, but ws ?h?o th,'y camie to the lspot -whele e lie Ia eampedt they folUls the blaskets whicih hlie was e.arryiog torn pil. evidentoly by the Idacks, but no Chinaialsi was toi lite fonol, ncitlser has hI', eturned to IhI'. Ihe 'ocurris'. As the nature of thIe country Ipreclu?s Illhs having lakeli any otlher route, it is a oyastery what has becomole of lhis. ond it ia feared he may have fallei a vietim to all attack of the aboriginals. Describing the extraonlinary tildal lphelomlea olh served isi Kiug tGeorge' Sounid. on hMiloay, 'l'u?elay. and Wr,'dnoheslay. Agust , 2, . asoil 'to, the Allcsy Mail saye :-" 'As the A{.M.S. Rosetta was steaming out of the harbeour on Moloolay ailtcerioon, a great rush of tidle like a tidal heore eale in, and the vessel had to put on full speedl to meet it, and on the fol lowing day there were two great ruslies ilnward. anl then a treiomenous rush ottwaard. All thle huoys disaplpeared uldler water, and then roo, to the csur face and toodk moorings andl everything out into the S?uoi. Oln 1IVeilneslday, when the harilour- iuastor wacois?oiing in wih thtie stealmer Coisiato, at 8 p.mi.. the tide otwa'nrds wao runniiog ot such a riate that the ve?sel could hardly mlake headway going full speed. Sauh a tide wa-s lnever ku?iwi lby the oldest uautical illnhabitants of the pirlt, and was stranoge eousidlering'thei slight rise and fall of the tide in this halrbour-only :3 fect. 'Thelre nat lhave io l it be cession of tidhal waves, or severail sih cks of sub umariine eartlhquake." Silar' l phenomenaiih were notieedl at lelaldlltn. -A telegram isom 1 tlhat plaoce. dated Anglst 3:l, ays:-" ti::' ge rumbling sould were hlu'd herel awl aoTl'ilralddeol aul elsewhere ori Monday mnirnog s:lly. and ia mno?t lunuSal rise of tide took plare on Moalay ev, ning at S o'hlock, and again lt Il halflpast 8. The slt reccded over Ill0 yarl, enabling people to pick upI lih ill 0quantities. The dralwbacek waso of short duratiool. 'Il he sea ieterniel with a great rushing noise, and thiose who were fish gathlcritg haId to rue quickly for their lives. Boats that acere high ooiotd othy 001 tes hracish were waeseeaio out anol ewanoped. The tohb Roy 'aol the lighoteis at anchor cecre twisted runlslt. 'loe sea iaose obout loft. It a alort time oll was quiet ngai. except that the ,ooeoai esiutiosoed riniog and falliag till next ntorlsiig." in nis article tooating uq''o the milits-ry stresgth of China, the .lloroisln J'oo sayo :o-"'Alhe Chllilseo field ftores arc divilh.-1 into three i nries of opera ties, ,'aeh ft'oso 30,002 to 4ti,0JO st'oug. to which buot be adlod oa furlbth aroy, of a eotreiogth of oleout 120,000 sneos, which furntisas the ga'risoss for thio vai'ioeus cities. It i-o iat avilsg too oUeih, shrefo'e, that China wouol he abls to opeloce as iosaoing a,'ouy aplslearing lotween s ''isutsiu and Pekin by hi0.000 faisly wellsrilled t-lol iloujeo withl s s ,'lern woa-l)os. As a ioatier of fact, the Chioliose arl-y is at preneat il a state sof s cas goiatiu. The 'Ac-w eos ooy is to be syst?emtacally recinotrucaed on nu eetirela n svcl liaus, tso oqi'tiug ainoy 55UlTyiig mierOei' huloano mosiooic'ial. That'lo anio inolohdsa tJoe e-lhc- ticoo, ]lsaechaso. loll ioti'oolotisi o a ieI " oarl0 both fsr the ioifatity osed artilloey, fhl reol'galiisatiooi of thue exiotisog taitorois for the soasoiifaoteire if inew ams-soo aod aonosusitiooo, the d'Iawhig up of fresh regulatiou, oold inally sloe cstallicsoeits-ot of military soohsuols fur the fuor.atiso of atilitaro eadoles. 'l" queation of the souioos to he antolelt for the Cohiese army swan o-ttlel iu I l.ll0. nhion both tle Maoiser rillo ftr iof.uotsoy and the Kru I-l gua far the artillery pDeie iutrol:ree. Ia flu-ot 3car Laoge clnatata for the Mosoos I s' - 'e cooti-resh iito sith (i.reloo- oooiso ooo f.,tiafes, loI partly clioetei, asd sootioseo throsuoh Io'li. KIulol'8sog.oo floetsa'y furoiosonrd, in 68) htj (aw.o r fhali 1.3s7o ' I-ao uaval gu-'o aoid -l'273 rt'hl g'as. They were all dolive'.--l is China the ac- syrn. 'he Cihiaesc 'ary is hooisg or.a-gcoindi is sloe Is esooians 5:oit, ioo. toll seose'al hor.uaiU r-gula tiioooi asol oilif-osly haln-boioioks have lneeo t'aoolelatood isoto Cliolos: throsgh the direct sgenony of the Clsinime Assshbauaolcor at jherli." - 