CHAPTER XVI. AN UNEXPECTED ARRIVAL. They drove away again with scarcely a word to each other. It was a brifht, breezy, wintry day. The roads about Fairfield were wet with recent rains, and gleamed in the sunshine. The river was as blue as steel, and gave forth a dazzling reflection; the bare trees stood up against the sky without a pretence of aflording any shadow. The cold to these two young people, warmly dressed and prosperous, was nothiug to object to— indeed, it was not very cold. But they both had a slight sense of discomfiture—a feeling of having suffered in their own opinion. Jock, who was much regarded at school as a fellow high up, and a great friend of McTutor. was not used to such uncere monious treatment, and he was wroth to see that even Lucy was supposed to require the sanction of Sir Tom for what it was clearly her own business to do. He said nothing, however, until they had quite cleared the town, ;and were skimming along the more open country roads ; then he said suddenly— "That old Rushton has a great deal of cheek. I should have another fellow to manage my afiairs, Lucy, if I were you." "Don't you know, Jock, that I can't? Papa appointed him. He is my trustee. He has always to be consulted, Papa did not mind," said Lucy, with a little sigh. " He said it would be good for me to be contra dicted, and not to have my own way." " Don't you have your own way ?" said Jock, opening his eyes. " Lucy — who contradicts you ? I should like to know who it was, and tell him my mind a bit. You ! 1 thought you did whatever you pleased. Do you mean to say there is any truth in all that about Sir Tom?" "In what about Sir Tom?" cried Lucy, instantly on her defence ; and then she changed her tone with a little laugh. " Of course I do whatever I please. It is not good for anybody, Jock. Don't you know we muBt be crossed sometimes, or we should never be of any use at all ?" " Now I wonder which she means ?" said Jock. "If she does have her own way or if she don't. I begin to think you speak some thing else than English, Lucy. I know it is the thing to say, that women muBt do what their husbands tell them. But do you mean that it's true like that! and that a fellow may order you to do this or not to do 'that, with what is your own and not his at all ?" "I don't think 1 understand you, dear," said Lucy, sweetly, " Oh, you can't be such a stupid as that," said the boy. "You understand right enough. What did he mean by talking it over with Sir Tom? He thought Sir Tom would nut a stop to it, Lucy." "If Mr. Rushton forms such false ideas, dear, what does it matter? That is not of any consequence either to you or me." "I wish you would give me a plain answer," said Jock, impatiently. •' I ask you one thing, and you say another. You never give me any satisfaction." She smiled upon him with a look which, clever as Jock was, he did not understand. " Isn't that conversation ?" she said. "Conversation!" The boy repeated the word almost with a shriek of disdain. "You don't know very much about that down here in the country, Lucy. You should know McTutor. When he's got two or three fellows from Cambridge with him, and they go at it! that's something like talk." " It is very nice for you, Jock, that you get on so well with Mr. Derwentwater," said Lucy, catching with some eagerness at this way of escape from embarrassing questions. " I hope he will come and see us at Easter, as he promised." "He may," said Jock, with great gravity, " but the thing is everybody wants to have him. And then, you see, whenever he has an opportunity he likes to go abroad. He says it freshens one up more than anything. After working his brain all the half as he does, and taking the interest he does in every thing, he haB got to pay attention, you know, and not to overdo it; he must have change, and he must have rest." Lucy was much impressed by this, as she washy all she heard of McTutor. She was quite satisfied thatsuch immense intellectual exertions as his did indeed merit compensa tion. _ She said, " I am sure he would get rest with us, Jock. There would be nothing to tire him; and whatever I could do for him, dear, or Sii Tom either, we should be so glad, as he is so good to you." " I don't know that he's what you call fond of the country—I mean the English country. Of course it is different abroad," said Jock doubtfully. _ Then he came back to the original subject with a bound, scattering all Lucy's hopes. " But we didn't begin about | M cTutor. It was the other business we were talking of. Is it true that Sir Tom " "Jock," said Lucy seriously. Her mild eyes got a look he had never seen in them before. It was a sort of dilation of unshed tears, and yet they were not wet. " If you know any time when Sir Tom was ever un kind or untrue, 1 don't know it. He has always been good. I don't think he will change now. I have 'always done what he told me, and I always wilL But he never told me anything. He knows a great deal better than all of us put together. Of course, to obey him, that is my first duty. And I always vilL But he never asks it—he is too good. What is his will, is my will," she said. She fixed her eyes very seriously on Jock all the time as she spoke, and he fol lowed every movement of her lips with a sort of astonished confusion, which it is difficult to describe. When Blie hod ceased, Jock drew a long breath, and seemed to come to the surface again, after much tossing in darker waters. " 1 think that it must be true," he said slowly, after a pause, " as people say—that women are very queer, Lucy. I didn't under stand one word you said." "Didn't you, though?" she said, with a smile of gentle benignity ; "but what does it matter, when it will all come right in the end? Is that our omnibus. Jock, that is going along with all that luggage ?. How curious that is, for nobody was coming to day that 1 know of. Don't you see it just turning in to the avenue ? Now, this is very strange indeed," said Lucy, raising herself very erect upon her cushions with a little quickened and eager look. An arrival is always exciting in the country, and an arrival which was quite unexpected, and of which she could form no surmise as to who it could be, stirred up all her faculties. " I wonder if Mrs. Freshwater will know what rooms are best?" she said, "and if Tom will be at home to receive them ; or perhaps it may be some friends of Aunt Randolph's ; or perhaps—I wonder very much who it can be?" Jock's countenance covered itself quickly with a tinge of gloom. " lYhoever it is, I know it will be dis gusting," cried the boy. "Just when we have got so much to talk about; and now I shall never see you any more. Lady 'Ran dolph was bad enough, and now here s more of them ! I should just as soon go back to school at once," he said, with premature indignation. The servants on the box per ceived the other carriage in advance with equal cariosity and excitement. They were still more startled, perhapB. for a pro found wonder as to what horses had been sent out, and who was driving them agitated their minds. The horses, solicited by a private token between them and their driver, which both understood, quickened their jmce with a Blight dash, and the carriage swept along as if in pursuit of the larger and heavier vehicle, which, however, had so much the advance of them that it had deposited its pas sengers^ and turned round to the servants' entrance with the luggage before Lady Ran dolph reached the door. Williams the butler wore a startled look upon his dignified coun tenance as he came out on the Bteps to re ceive his mistress. " Some one has arrived," said Lucy with a little eagerness. " We saw the omnibus." " Y.es, my lady. A telegram came from Sir Thomas soon after your ladyship left; there wasjust time to put in the horses" " But who is it, Williams ?" Williams had a curiously apologetic air, " I heard say, my lady, that it was some of the party that were invited before Mr. Ran dolph fell ill. There had been a mistake about the letters, and the lady has come all the same—a lady with a foreign title, my lady" "Oh!" said Lucy with English brevity. She stood Btartled in the hau, lingering a little, changing colour, not with any of the deep emotions which Williams from his own superior knowledge suspected, but with shy ness and excitement. " It will be the lady from Italy, the Comtesse . Oh, I hope they have attended to her properly. Was Sir Thomas at home when she came ?" " Sir Thomas, my lady, went to meet them, at the station," Williams said. "Oh, that is all right," cried Lucy, re lieved. " I am so glad she did not arrive and find nobody. And I hope Mrs. Fresh water" " Mrs. Freshwater put the party into the east wing, my lady. There are two ladies besides the man and the maid. We thought it would be the wannest for them, as they came from the South." " It may be the warmest, but it is not the prettiest, said Lucy. " The lady is a great friend of Sir Thomas's, Williams." The man gave her a curious look. "Yes, my lady, I was aware of that," he said. This surprised Lucy a little, but for the moment she took no notice of it. " And therefore," she went on, "the best rooms, should have been got ready. Mrs. Fresh water ought to have known that. How ever, (perhaps she will change afterwards. Jock, I will just run upstairs .and see that everything is right." As she turned towards the great staircase, so saying, she ran almost into her husband's arms. Sir Tom had appeared from a side door, where he had been on the watch, and it was certain that bis face bore some traces of the new event that had happened. He was not at his ease as usual. He laughed a little uncomfortable laugh, and put his hand on Lucy's shoulder as she brushed against him. "There," he said, " that will do; don't be in sucna hurry,' arresting her in full career. "Oh, Tom!" Lucy, for her part, looked at her husband with the greatest relief and happiness. There had been a cloud between them, which had been more grievous to her than anything else in the world. She had felt hourly compelled to stand np before him, and tell him that she must do what he desired her not to do. The consternation and pain aid wrath that had risen over his face after that painfnl interview had uot passedawar through all the intervening time. There had been a sort of desperation in her mind when she went to Mr, Rushton, a feel ing that she bo hated the duty which had risen like a ghost between her nusband and herself, that she must do it at all hazards and without delay. But this cloud had entirely departed from Sir Tom's counten ance. There was a little suffusion of colour upon it now which was nnnsual to him. Had it been anybody but Sir Tom, it would have looked like embarrassment, shyness mingled with a certain self-ridicule and sense of the ludicrous in the position altogether. He caught his wife in his arms and met her eyes with a certain laughing shamefaceduess, " Don't," he said, " be in such a hurry, Lucy. Ces dames have gone to their rooms; they have been travelling all night, and tbev are not fit to be seen. It is only silly little English girls like you, that can bear to be looked at at all times and seasons." And with this he stooped over her and gave her a. kiss on her forehead, to Lucy's delight, yet horror—before Williams, who looked on approving, and the footman with the traps, ana Jock and all! But what a load it took off her breast! He was not any longer vexed or disturbed or angry. He was indeed conciliatory and apologetic, but Lncy only saw that he was kind. "Poor lady," cried Lucy, "has she been travelling all night?' And I am sosonyshe has been pnt into the east wing. If I had been at home I should have said the blue rooms, Tom, which you know are the nicest " "I think they are quite comfoitable, my dear," said Sir Tom, with that little run of laughter which was half serious, " you may be sure they will ask for anything they want. They are quite accustomed to making them selves at home." " Oh, I hope so, Tom," said Lucy, " but don't you think it would be more polite, more respectful, if I were to go and ask if they have everything? Mrs. Freshwater is very well you know, Tom, but the mistress of the house " 1 He gave her another little hug, and laughed again. "No," he Baid, "you may be sure Madame Formo-Populo is not going to let you see her till she has repaired all ravages. It was extremely indiscreet of me to go to the .station," he continued, still with that •chuckle, leading Lucy away. " I had forgot ten all these precautions after a few years of .you, Lucy. 1 was received with a shriek of horror and a double veil/' Lucy looked at him with great surprise, asking—"Why? wasn't she glad to see you ? with incipient indignation and a sense of grievance. "Not at all," cried Sir Tom, "indeed I heard her mutter something about English •savagery. The Contessa expresses herself strongly sometimes. Freshwater and her maid, and the Jexcellent breakfast Williams ■has ordered, knowing her ways" " Does Williams know her ways ?" asked Lucy, wondering. There was not the faintest gleam of suspicion in her mind; but she was surprised, and her husband bit his lip for a moment, yet laughed still. " He knows those sort of people," he said. " I was very much about in society at one time you must know, Lucy, though I am such a steady old fellow now. We knew something of most countries in these days. We were Lien vu, he and I, in various ulaces. Don't tell Mrs. Williams, my love." He laughed almost violently at this mild joke, -and Lucy looked surprised. But still no shadow came upon her simple countenance. Lucy was like Desdemona, and did not believe that there were such women. She thought it was "fun,"such fun as she some times saw in the newspapers, and considered KB vulgar as it was foolish. Such words could not be used in respect to anything Sir Tom said, but even in her husband it was not good taste, Lucy thought. She smiled at the reference to Mrs. Williams with a kind of ■quiet disdain, but it never occurred to her that Bhc might require to be kept in the dark too. "I daresay most of what you are talking is nonsense," she said; "but if Madame Formo "—Lucy was not very sure of the name, and hesitated—" is really very tired, perhaps it may be kindest not to disturb her. I hope she will go to bed, and get a thorough rest. Did she not 'get your second letter, Tom ? and what a thing it is that dear baby is so much better, and that we can really pay a little attention to her." " Either she did not get my letter, or I •didn't write. I cannot say which it was, Lucy. But now we have got her we must nay attention to her, as you say. You will nave to get up a few dinner parties, and ask some people to stay. She will like to see "the humours of the wilderness while she is •In it." " The wilderness !—but, Tom, everybody .says society is so good in our county." " Everybody does not know the Formo Populo," cried Sir Tom, and then he burst • out into a great laugh. " I wonder what Her • Grace will say to the Contessa; they have -encountered each other before now." " Must we ask the Duchess," cried Lucy, with awe and alarm, coming a little nearer to her husband's side. But Sir Tom did nothing but laugh. " I've seen a few passages of arms," he said. " By Jove, you don't lrnow what war is till you see two at it tooth and nail. Two— wlint, Lucy ? Oh, I mean fine ladies ; they have no mercy. Her Grace will set her claws into the fair countess. And as for the Formo Populo herself"— "Dear Tom," said Lucy, with gentle gravity, "Is it nice to speak of ladies so ? If ny one called me the Randolph, I should be, : SO" "You!" cried her husband, with a ho' and angry colour rising to his very hair; and then he perceived that he was betraying liimselft and paused. " You see, my love, that's different," he said. "Madame de Formo-Populo is—an old stager; and you are very young, and nobody ever thought of you but with—respect, my dear. Yes, that's the word, Lucy, though you are only a bit of a girl." "Tom," Baid Lucy, with great dignity, "I ha ve you to take care of me, and I have never been alone in the world. But, dear, if this poor lady has no one—and I suppose she is a widow, is she not, Tom?" He had been listening to her almost with emotion—with a half-abaslied look, full of fondness and admiration. But at this ques tion he drew back a little, with a sort of stagger, and burst into a wild fit of laughter. When he came to himself wiping his eyes; he was, there could be no doubt, ashamed ■of himself. "I beg you ten thousand pardons," he cried. " Lucy, my darling ! Yes, yes—I suppose she is—a widow, as you say." Lucy looked at him while he laughed, with profound gravity, without the slightest in- 1 clination to join in his merriment, which is a | thing which has a very uncomfortable effect. She waited till he was done, with a mixture of wonder and disapproval in her serious ness, looking at his laughter as at some phenomenon which she did not understand. *' I have often heard gentlemen," she said, " talk about widows aB if it were a sort of laughable name, and as if they might make their jokes as they pleased. But I did not think you would have done it, Tom. I should j feel all the other way," said Lucy. "I should think I could never do enough to make it up, if that were possible, and to make them forget. Is it their fault that they are left desolate, that a man should laugh." She turned away from her husband ■with a soft superiority of innocence and true feeling which struck him dumb. He begged ■her pardon in the most abject way; and then be left her for a moment quietly, and tad bis laugh out. But he was ashamed of imself all the same. " I wonder what she will say when she sees the Formo-Populo," -he said to himself. 