MY FIRST EXPERIENCE OF OUR COUNTRY HOUSE. Owxno to financial pressure in tho sbapo of heavy losses abroad, I accepted tho offer of an old-fashioned furnished house in tho country, whioh had bcon ten years untenanted, as a residence in tho meantime to savo tho expenses of town lifo ; and thither, in a cold and stormy Novomber day, amid torrents of rain, I Bet out along with all I held most dear on earth — my family. That comprised my wife and three young children. As wo loft our cheery town houso for tho last time, many a heavy thought oppressed mo, on account of thoso dependent on mo, at tho .waywardacss of Fortune, and tho 44 nps and downs" of lifo; and especially as to what sho might still havo in store for uo. Wo had a long drivo in o comfortablo closo convoyanco, hired at tho nearest railway town, from tbo windows of which tho children wero delighted to watch tho now scenery as wo drovo along. Tho smallest littlo darliug of tho threo, just eight months old, was as com- fortablo in his wraps and furs as if ho Urero at tho wannest fireside. At length wo found oureolvcs at tho door of our now house, far in tho heart of tho country. Dreary and soli- tary enough it looked, standing by itsoll at tbo foot of a slope, with its short avenue of trees leading up to tho door. Soon, howovcr, wo were inside, and roaring Area In 'every room helped to raise our spirits and dissipato tho gloom, by imparting that checrinoss which fires only can givo. Noxt morning, on exploring our now quar ters, wo found that their appearanco did not altogether belio their weird and ghostly repu tation. Somo stories we had heard about the house boing haunted, as' tho zdason of its re-' maining so long unoccupied, wb of .course only laughed at. Tho walls wore of enormous thiokness, and &Qvaral; of tho. rooms 'panelled; Already within tho panelling, tho rats and mica, apprised of tho signs of habitation by tho fires whioh had been put in several days - boforo, our arrival, onco. again began to hold their revels. Tho main passage was' narrow, tho stairs of'stono — ono stair leading from tho middlo floor up to tho'' bedrooms above, containing tho publio;r6oms j tho' other |down ' to tho kitchen range of rooms below,' most of which wore really below ground,' damp and dark, with their .walla glistening with moiBture.' This latter Btair led off tho lobby near tho cntrauco, and;tho very idea of descending, it. gavo ono a shudder: Upstairs fl\o walls wero sloped in' ovor tbo bedrooms, and bo as to givo them a square shape, a part of tho width had been out off by partitions next the gablo, whioh loft a largo dark empty spaco all round uukwcuu >vau uuu pacubiuii, uuougii, as mo proprietor said; to accommodate hall a regi ment of infantry. This, however, had the ouQ.advahtrgc of kcoping tho rooms dry. At tho baok of tho houso a olear brook rippled along,- subject to rise and fall with ovory shower of rain. For four or fivo days tho storm that had ashorod ns in, continued, bat at longth ono morning a clear, bright sun broke out over the landscapo, showing 'us, 'from the 'top of tho slope, our insular position with tho Ger man- ocean oh throe' sides in tho distance., Sea-coast towns were also soattered along tho: shore at intervals, and there appeared a pretty undulating country sparsely planted with trees, without village or liamlot anywhora to bo Boon among tho Jorge oultivatcd fields, ox- copfc tho big farm steadings that appeared horo and there at considerable distances apart: As timo passed, and wo settled down in our new abode, I found that the days did not hang so heavily on my hands as I oxpectcd, what wifli tho increasing acquaintanceship with very' kind and pleasant neighbours, and shooting .(kindly granted mo by tho- proprietor) among hares, partridgo, <£o., and especially at' largo flocks of geese whioh had ttuwn a fanoy to tho neignDonrhood. - Tho - children enjoyed' tho country freedom immonsoly, and tho roro's daily deepened in! their cheeks ' from: ; tho Btrohg ocean air- somo Bovcn hundred; feet abovo thc soa lovol.- ; -- ' " .. Ono day I was engaged putting- up 'a -swing for Maud and Will, to thoir great deb'ght, in tho shed that adjoined tho houBb at tho baok —an -'old building- of two stories,- tho' lower ono of which liiid open arohes, and tho upper, onoo used as a granary, was approached by a trap stair. All at onco I noticed through the pano of tho outsido- kitchen -door, that led into tbo long passago of that floor, the flutter of . a child's areas I woll know, and, at tho samo moment, a shadow as of somcono rapidly passing. Hardly bolioving my oyes, I looked again,- knowing that no'.ono went down to that nowdisuflcd floor, the onter door of which remained locked, and least of : all that1 tho baby# would bo taken thcro. There was nothing now to bo Been. Our ono scrvaut, I know, had left for an afternoon holiday, and would not bo back for como houra. with . n shivor running all over me, half congealing my blood, I flow. to tho door and looked along tho narrow passage, but nothing was visiblo. Tho furthest end door that opened to tlio staircasa leading to tho public rooms abovo still remained oloBcd. I kicked .at tho 'out sido door, bat' nothing savo tho. coho replied ; So I noxt rushed to tho low kitchon window and looked in. . All -was undisturbed there ond motionless I . Tho .oobwobs BtiU crossed tho doors and corners just as they had wont to bo, Taking , tbo two .children with mo, I huriicd round to . tho front- of > tho- houso, where I found their inotker at tho front floor, with her knitting, enjoying: the, bright sun- sbino. Quickly tolling her what I. had Been as calmly Us I cquld, though 'not too caro- fuHy, as tho rising pallor on hor faco betokened; I. hurriedly , asked whero : sho had loft baby. Before I had half dono sho was flyingupstaus, followed by mo, to baby's room, whora, as sho said, sho had loft him. quietly slcoping in his cot. Tho cot was empty! Our, darling was away. Tho clothes, oven were gone. With- amomcnt's delay, after a rapid glanco through tho. adjoining rooms,;- wo. hurried downstairs, down tho second flight to tho dark, damp; kitchen floor, and from room to : room wo flow, bat not a traco' of our darling," I had .then to carry poor Helen upstairs— shu had fallon fainting on tho floor. -1 laid her on n couch, and endeavoured to recover hor, in tho first placo. For somo timo sho remained in a dazed state, and: then, as recolicotion gradually came -biiok, I urged tho necessity of her kcoping np till wo -had mado' a . thorough search for our child, as, from tho timo I had seen his dress, it was impossible ho could bo anywhere but still in tho houso With tho dear and rapid "instinct" with which she saw most things, alio mado tho effort needed, and whioh, I could- boo at the timo, was al most boyond her strength. Again wo searched .and scarohcd, in tho houso, round abont tho honso,. and everywhere ' whero thoro was tho faintest possibility tliat tho child could be concealed, bat in vain; and how tbo timo passed from the moment Wo first missed him (about threo in the afternoon) till darkness began to dose in on a short winter day, I can yet bat faintly iraagino.- ' , Going jound onco mora to tho back of tbo bouse for tho twentieth tim% all of a sadden a faint glimmer of light from aeross tho brook oaught my oyo, along with what I felt certain was tho flutter of a child's dross. It seamed in tho dusk to bo only a fow hundred yards off. Without - waiting amomont, and dreading to uttor an alarm, I sprang across tho brook, through tho deep swamp and rushes boyond, and, reaohing tbo hard firm meadow, flow along in . tho direction of tho light, of which another glimmer again dircotcd mo. Tho light, I could sco, was moving onwards, and as I increased my .paco P found l was distinctly gaining on it. .nesh glim mer now and again kept mo right, pud I only feared breaking down ero it could bo over taken. So husbanding my strength as welt as my exoitement would allow, I kopt up the pace, determined to succeed if it cost mo my last breath. Gradually, as tho chaso con tinued, tho light drew nearer, tho glimmer strongor, and tho fluttor of tho ehilcrB dress now proved a ccrtaintv. A fow minutes moro and I must bo up with it. I thought, too, I could distinguish in tho darkness the outlino of a man;. but, so thiok had tho gloom now bocomo, this might havo been fanoy, as no gleam that lit up tho ohild's dress ever fell on tho figure. For a few Bceonds I noticed tho light linger at ono spot, movo ap and down, then again movo rapidly om But now, for tho first time, I lost sight of tho whito dress. In a second or two more I was up to the placo whore tho light had lingered. This brought mo alongsido a broad straggling whin fence, well known to mo as a good covor for partridgo. Whilo rushing past, a conscious ness of somothing white amongst tho furze arrested my steps, and pushing in among thom I bent down ovor what seemed a mass of white liko a snow drift, in tho midst of which, 'sound asleep, and comfortable aud cosy in his worm blankets and rug, as it he wero still in his cot, I discovorod our darling! xuvcu mo uiauKcis oaa ocon urawa caxmuuy up round his soft warm face, to allow just enough room for air without tho least danger of cold. As I pressed my faco to tho littlo round chocks, and felt tho worm broatli coming and going, tho revulsion was so great, -coupled with tho exhaustion of my run.ol over a mile, that I could only at tho moipont sink down besido him. I dared not yet trust myself to carrv him back,- anxious as I felt about thosoat home. Whilo zesting with him in my arms I noticed tho light growing fainter and fainter till it disappeared in the distance. At longth, when sufficiently recovered, I rose with my newly-found treasure, to try and re tract) my steps homeward in tho now pitohy darkness. Carefully I groped my .way. baok, holding him oloso to mo, and foeling as if tho time wore an ago ero; I could roturn to ex- chango tbo grief there for joy. Tho light from an upper window of the house guided' mo, otherwise in tho thiok darkness I. might havo lostmyway. -. At length -tho ripple of tho brook at the baak-door mot my ears, and rocrossing care fully I found myself onoo more at tho baok of tho houso bpsldo tho swing, and at the first seenb of tbo mysterious ftsappearantf , an \- event riovor 'to bo forgotten, though ending ,so happily. ::0n coming round to -tho1 front all was quiet', the outer ddor-still open, the lower lamps- unlit, and not a bound even of tho children's voices to bo heard. I dreaded tho on Helen; and my solo anxiety now was how I could break tho glad nows to her as'gontly ns possiblo. So, quietly ascending'- tho stair, I reaohod hor room, found its door ajar, '.and looked in. < Thcro eko was, seated at a table, hor head bent forward on her hands, and per fectly motionless. Maud and Will were' sit ting on tho hearthrug subdued and- silont,' looking wistfully -np towards 'thoir mother. Softly entering ! the : room L signed to the. children, who at onco saw nio, to- keep silent,1 and as softly I laid him' down onco moro in his cot. . As .his oheok touohed the' pillow a smilo orept bver his face as.if ovon in a dream ha felt ho was ' again in safety. And1 then crossing the room I sat quietly down ' beoido his mothor. ' Sho scorned in a Bort of stupor, ; out of whioh only slowly and with difficulty I succeeded in rousing her, and by degreos, as slio oaught my -ohcorful tono, a now light 'scorned .to break in upon her, and she looked 'mo Straight ih' tho face. There, was no use my attempting to -dissemble.1' The look of good news was too; plain to' bo hidden; though I feared at first tho effect of tho reaotion: -Be fore- 1' had: half -told my tale she odpght tho moaning looks of tho- children; and ; gavo . one' swift glance towards tho cot. ; In an instant .sho was 'there; and: for a moment tho over: whelming joy was almost asoverpoworing as tho griof. -As tho littld 'snbjeot of all this; care was loadod-with carosacs 'lie opened his big blaok cycs with a smilo of wclcomo all round ; aqd as oqch iii turn 'got a .share' of- his -smiles wo could hardly roaliso that tho past had > not all been a3 dream. How ; our houso was changed from ono of 'sorrow to one of joy that evening l ean still. well remember Novae alter tnac was oaby Jott lor ono minnto alono, nor' was there- over a chatico' given1 of . that day'B. history- being rapedtcd. Early next morning wo made a thorough' scorch of tho houso from room- to room, but nowhere could wo obtain a oluoto any scorot door or passage . that might throw light on tho mystery. After . tho foregoing experience it may bo supposed T would fain havo chongcd our residenco had not strong peoanlary reasons r stood in tho way, and bcoide3 I had a strong desire sooner or later to bo at tbo bottom nf tho mystery. , As tho abovo events began to lose their vividness, v/ithout any fresh incident tocx- cita suopicion,. timo paused pleasantly on. Ono day as L wgo round in tho shed outting up somo trees, whioh a rccont storm had blown Aown, with Maud and Will playing by, I suddenly becamo. award of .the shadow onco moro orossing tho -kitchen-door. . This time, hoWovor, it was alono, Our. baby,.I know, was tqo well watched to; bo spirited away again. -, In. a moment I vas at tho door, look- . ing in along tho dark passago ; but. all was ompty, thoro I; Instead, however, nowo! rush ing round to tbo front of. tho koose, as I did beforehand giving, the alarm, I kept watch, uiid eent -Maud quiotly round to givo infor mation.; Keeping Will ; by mq,; I watohed Maud till oho reached tho front, of tho houso, whero J had left, her mothor with, tho ser vant, attending baby in his perambulator. Thoy jvcrq all soon : round,, and, .pointing out' to Helen , a . knoll ; at a littlo dis tance, whioji ; commanded a Yiow. of threo sides: of tho house, .or of any ono attempt ing to leavo it, I asked hor to retire thcro with ,dho , servant, (a stroiig country, girl) and children, and ;keop,' watch. Hardly had thoy. loft when tho. shadow again crossed tho liitohon 'floor ; and immediately, frwardrt a slight sound in tho granary draw my 'attcn- tion. Uimbin to keup buck iongor, or delay for tho sending of a neighbour, which' was my first idea, I sprang up tho trap stair and . listened. In a littlo tho sound wns repeated, ' : now distinctly as of a door olosingt and then ceased ; but no traco could I find of;doo/or opening' of any kmd. I took caro that, from. , where I stood, I could still sco tho group on tho knoll. Striking on tho wall whenco tho sound scemod to have proceeded, a faint ap- . ; .parent echo reached mo ; but this, I thought, could bo traced to a distinct soporato sound. - Repeating tho blow again and again on dif ferent parts of tho wall,- at last a hollow sound seemed to. answer tbio stroke, and ... simultaneously, a part of the. wall I.hadnot : noticed boforo, to tho oido, and nearer tho gablo, opened slightly, disclosing a long < . narrow rent. Anothor stroko onthe samo - placo, I found, was on a stouo that yioldqd to pressure,; and showed a widening crevice. With further pressure on tho stono, which appeared to bo conneotcd.with tho door by a spring, itrcaohed at last Its full width, and " disclosed a narrow, door in tho. .wall, Rom.-; . whioh ft paesago ivith a dark stone, stair case led downwards. Thik staircase was jnst wido . enough for one man; to crush through. Without- hesitating, and with : a ' . eortVof desperation, duo partly, perhaps, do . my entire unbcliof in ghosts, I entered tho / passage and began to descend tho steps, after taking tho precaution to got a heavy lamp of wood and leavo it in tho doohvay ' to prevent any accidental closing. As I wont down tho narrow staiiuwq, a slight rustle from below told mo protty surely. J should find somo ono there. Each step now brought mo nearer the object of my search'; whilo the flicker 'of light that presently camo from boiowhowod mo I was nearer tho foot of tho stair. »In anothor second ortwo I found myself in a . narrow passago at tho foot, faintly lit by a crevico in tho wnll, and with tho figure of a man dimly visiblo before mej)1 . Thcro wo stood confronting each other, not a soand to bo heard but tlio breathing of caoh. After some moments had passed mus in dead silcnco, I put' out my left hand to feol what sort of wall resisted me on that side, and, if possiblo, lot in somo light, and struck against what seemed to be the wooden panel- ' ' ling of a room. Tho movement caused no . change in my t'lY-a-cft. Next.plaoing ray baok against ono sido of thopassagc, I put ' my foot against tho pannclling, and tried to forco open a deal; but in vain. It was too strong to yield to my prossiirc. Still tho figure remained motionless. I then bethought myself of my box of " vestas," which, as a smoker, 1 always carried, and struck a light. As tho darknoss fled, and the wholo passago becamo visiblo, with tho figure in it, whom ' and what did I sco? For a littlo I could ' hardly beliovo my oyes, and wondered if I, too, were in a dream. A man, certainly, in full flesh and blood, and nohost, was thcro, mouomess suu, qjb ncau Bugnuy eons, aaa. eyes fixed on vacanoy as in a dream. No sign of seeing mo, or of .tbo least alarm, at my . presence, appeared in his faco But what . was strangest of all remains to bo told. ' . ' Tho faco was that of ari honest c&rponter; of ' - our neighbourhood, whom I well know as a 1 venr rcspeotablo steady man. ' I'had heard- ho had been in tho habit o! disappearing now i , . , and then from his houso at night for a day or two at a timo, .'-and of returning again'1 . by night as quietly as ho left; while ho either refused, or wits unablo to giyb any ; account of his absenco. Tho trnth was flow plain. The man was a somnambulist,'. There, too, was tho lantern in his hand, still unlit, whioh, on tho former 'occasion, had guided , mo by Its light/ On, boing addressed, ho . . seemed at; first- to como "back to himsolf" ;; : slightly, as if half aware of my prcsehco, and. ; of boing caught, but again lapsed int6;his . dreamy state.. Going up to' 1 him Ibadqhrar'. . follow mo,' whibhho quietly did, tip tho etaiif--' ' caso; and out by tho way/1 had entered, ho appeared at tho -'fooc of tho.'trap'stair in' ;j tho pxcsenco of tho wondcring- gtoup on. tho \ grass, who wore .now jotting anxious about . , myabaonce. " : TolHng tho man quiotly to go hofliq," and to -: bo careful novor to repeat his 'intrusion, ho, / -- v unhesitatingly took' the straight road homo,"'." .and walked steadily away. Tho effect. of t)io' . . discovery on Hclonj her. specehlcss astonish- ; ' morifc Mid rnllcf at thn namo time.. at such a " vory praotical and homoly solution of tbo ' .. v , rebWy'of her'baby, may bo imaginod. . Tlio ':. man, it Appeared, was liablo to ba affected : difforontly at different tiinos;, Somotimea hh; " had more than his ordinary waking' fwits.' about him in a certain groove, in tbo fohnof - oninvinoiblo cunning onablinghim to cludo discovory, and baffling, all attempts, at trao- ing him. AtintoYvals hohad.alwayn'disap- pcared' during the' night, the sbmnambuliam;: ; : '-1 appearing'to continuo for one or two'days at : i0 time/ liia modo of | ingress has been de-. "7 " V scribed;. and I found, on corefnlly (oamining . , L 's the passago, that whilo ono end of it ledAowu;# . from tho granary, as mentioned, the other led >. ' ; np at tho back of apannollingby a flfght of. Btopa to the! rooms abovo, into which ho ob« tainod ontranco ;'by a, sliding daal in,' thh/j ' '' dark enclosure between rooms ahd.gftblo::Thb ; man was about ilfty.fivo, - had resided in tho; > ' district sinco: chilalidod, ;qhd : became' Aq-; 1 . ... quainted with thcecrofc passage .in tho coarsd » ' ; , of somo ropairs, of . which ho alono had chorgo . '1 ; — a scorot ho kopt to himsolf .'I. afterwards' / learnt 'that ho had: gradually' nwbko' on his' : way home/probably .from tho disturbing in'-";' .fluoncos'Ho had oncountorod ; whilo tho warn- / ing given 'him under hiB somhttmbttliSm- had / itseffeot. At tho samo time; needless th say, . ; I had tho secret passages flrmly built up. so ' / that no ono might ngain'l?o' suDjeoted, either' to.sdcrbt intrusion, or to thoso'hours b! sun-'. : penso wo underwent bctweon thq losing and: finding of our child. ' : '.. 1 v , . ' Anfl thus ends my. first oxperionco 'of our country liouso,- rW. B.-in London iiocicttj,: .. 