OUR NEW ZEALAND LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Timaru, June 26, 1883. The opening of Parliament took place on June 14, a fortnight later than it should have been, owing to alterations and additions to the Government buildings not being com- plctcd in time. In past sessions members oomplaincd bitterly of the bad accommoda tion, the draughts, the bad air, and conse quent danger to their health and invaluable lives. Now the alterations have been made at great expense, they grumble more than ever, particularly membern of the Opposition, who it is to be presumed are cither more delicate or place a greater value upon their lives than supporters of the Government. Perhapa the consciousness of being on the side with which tie power lies enables the latter to support; these hardships with a more Spartan-like for titude. The Governor's speech, delivered to a very thin attendance cf members, was chiefly notable for its length, and the exuberant hopefulness of its tone. Mr. Montgomery, whose speeches are asually in the heavy didactic style, aot inaptly described it as containing more words and less matter than any governor's speech he had ever heard, This approaches so nearly to the humorous as to make one in clined to doubt whether the remark could tare been original on the part of the solemn and respectedjeader of the Oppssition. His Excellency expressed gratification at the manner in which he had been received in all farts of the colony, and said hoi? greatly he had been impressed by the cvtdeai prosperity of the country and its vast resources. Tuen ke expressed approval of the proposed an nexation of the New Hebrides and other Pacific islands, after which the satire question oame^ under review. Im migration, surveys, the puatal service, me goldfielde, the revenue, mud the proposed ?Iteration in the constitution of the L?gis ktfire CooncS, were all touched upja. Tee hot item was not a palatable one to the konorable Legislative Councillors, j adding from subsequent expressions of opinion by that exalted body. At present they arc nominated for life, barring reform, with a salary of £200 per unnnm. It may there fore be easily uademood why any geuthi* man holding his on these termi siioild object to the Chamber being made elective. Under an elective system, probably not one fourth of thorn who are Boar LiegialaUveOona eillor would have the ghost of a chance of being returned. One hon. member, a retired Indian officer, expressed his detaraiiaaaoa df opposing any alteration an long as he had a bre&ui; in bU body. One ottier point was touched upon in the Governor's speech. Toe Government hare been so pestered withappli cations to take part in tiUibitiona ia raiuus parts of the world that they have devised a plan for getting rid of the exhiuiuan nuisance once for all. They propose with the co-operation of other colmriwi to Jorm a permanent establishment ia liondon to which Aotbalaaan products may be sent, and where anybody who ioela interested ia the matter may go and see them. Tiie idea does not strike one as being particularly brilliant, and if ever carried out, which is scarcely pro bable, the rmilt would be a fusty and uu frequented momma of colonial products of no absorbing interest to anybody, and would not lead to any abatement ot the prevailing ex hibition plague. Sir G. Grey, \?Lo treats tire G averament and the nominal leader of the Opposition with about an equal degree ot contempt, ha* given notice of several Bills which he intends to bring in of a highly progressive and reform icg character. These Bills are to provide for the imposition of a special land tax ; to f scili - tate the annexation of Pacific Islands; to abolish the [legislative Council, the Govern ment to ??immt only of die Governor and the House of Bepreeentativcs; to saintiiute afiinnaiicEinlieuof Oith ; toenabiethcpeople of Kcw Zealand to make changes in their con stitution; and to farther secure the rights and privileges of members of the House of Re presentative*. No one that I know of, save Sir George Grey, has ever considered the rights and privileges Of members to be in any particular danger. Mr. Montgomery has given notice of a Bill to repeal the Property Itiynwit Act and Property Act, so that if both these gentlemen should succeed in carry ing their measures the people of the colony will have no reason to complain of legislative inactivity. Recent events, however, seem to indicate that these ardent reformers are doomed to the miseries of hop? deferred for at least one session more. Last Friday Mr. Montgomery moved a vote of censure on the Government on account of illegal financial transactions, and upon a division befog called the Government scored the sub stantial majority o? thirteen votes, thus showing their position to be stronger than at any time during the hut session. The circumstance which brought about this vote of censure were of a some what peculiar nature, and seemed to hay? quite overwhelmed Mr. Mo&tcomcry; with' patriotic horror at the enormity of the offence of which ministers had been guilty. He dis claimed all party motives in bringing forward his motion, and was solely actuated by a zeal for the constitutional rights of Parliament. He ecemed to regard bimsplf almost in the light of another Hampdcn resisting the payment of chip-money; but those who are not supporters cf Mr. Montgomery nor well-wishers of the Opposition, that he wished to snatch an inglorious victory by taking the Govern ment by surprise, and forcing on a division without giving the Government an oppor tunity to explain the motives of their action. The Public Revenues Act provides for the expenditure for two months after the expira tion of the tinsntjai year. That period expired on the 31st of May, but on account ot the baildings not being finished Parlia ment could not, without great inconvenience, be called together till the Uth of Jons, thus leaving the expenditure for a fortnight unprovided for according to the ttrkt letter cf the Act. The Govern ment, therefore, found themselves placed in a somewhat; difficult position. If they called Parliament together in time to vote the requisite supplies there was no place ready in which they could assemble. Minis ters probably judged rightly in thinking that members would not care to hold open-air de libciatians in such a climate as .that of Wel lington in the winter, so they had to choose between drawing sufficient money on an im prest to carry them through the fortnight, or to allow all Accounts to go unpaid from toe 31st of May till the meeting of Parliament If they had. chosen the latter *y>nr*f it would bare inflicted a good deal of hard ship and injustice on a large number of people, and in preference to this course they obtained the sum of £192,030 on an imprest on the 3lst M*y. In issuing this mosey the controller and auditor-general, who is an officer of Parliament, protested against it as an evasion of the Act, though not such an infraction of the law as to justify him in not complying with the demands of the Colonial Treasurer. He pointed out that if such a step could be taken in an emergency owing to Parliament cot being called to getter within the time for which supplies were provided, the same course might be adopted by the Government at any tin;e for any purpose, and the whole expenditure of public moneys be changed from one of direct payment to one of imprest payment, and from one of pre-audit to the old system of audit after payment, a system which it was the sole object of the Revenues Act to abolish. In replying to Mr. Mont gomery, the Treasurer complained that the ordinary courtesy of being asked to explain his conduct had not been extended to him. He denied, that there had been any evasion of the law,and w^j??*?n?fl that Government had simply erer?neri a discretion entrusted to them by the House. A fall third of the ordinary public revenue was always spent on imprest without pee au^it, and while he held office he should always chum the right to spend *? arnica as he thought fit for the public gooi. This money might hapc been obtained without a wordhadhe chosen to,have done so, bat be Wished to'doitopen^*, and he left the House to jeggehosr he bad ased his discretion. The spore be saw of the preetnt system ef control (be note he was conciseed that it was ca tsrtly nseless for pzaetioal good. The only difference between this money which h?i been obtained by imprest and that which was paid in the ordinary -way was th.it the controller could not see each item charged to its particular vote, and Parliament bad not in any way lost contro 1. of the money* Sir George CJrey expressed his view of the matter in his usual high- flown style. Tho money had been spent without the consent of Parliament, and that was a great national crime. It was governing without a Parlia ment, a ttate of tilings which had led to dire consequences in other countries. For the Government to attempt to govern the the country for orer fourteen days without parliamentary authority was a great offence, and ought to be resentsd. The msjarity of the House did not appear to ace that any national crime had been com mitted, or that there was any gronnd for resentment; Very probably many of those who voted with the Government disapproved of its action in obtaining the imprest supply, but failed to see in it sufficient grounds for trusting the country to the tender mercies of Mr. Montgomery and bis€ouowere. Sir G. Grey has brought in a Bill for relieving charitable bequests of legacy duty. Tbe aim of the Bill is commendable, as nobody withes to tax the poor and needy. Charitable bequests are not very numerou* in this colony, but thejcharitable institutions of Auckland came in for an extraordinary windfall afew months ago. A Mr. Coatiey, who seems to have been a rather eccentric character, died, and left the bulk o! his pro perty to Auckland charities. The exeiutora base estimated the total value of the eatatc stt £79,300. The legacy duty on thu amounts to about £6,000, so that viewed iv the light of tliis bequest Sir G. Grej's Bill is cos with jut importance. 'Mie third of the Nejr Zealand Shipping Company's direct liae of steamers, the loai i, lately arrived after a passage of forty-thrc? days. She takes back 9.00J frozm circles of mutton. Our frozen meat trade v rapid!? developing, but the supply of f?' stJ-k far exceeds the present *?fHn g of freezing and export, Tbe suitability of the climate for tbe production of turnips and??-titi.ial grasses enables toe grszmg capacities o£ the country to be enormously increased. Ia view of the export trade ia meat imaicn^c quantities of tumipa have been grovn during tfic past season, and the markets are glutted with fat sheep. Another freezing company iv being floated in Christchurcb, and the one already in operation is taking step* to double its plant. Graders may therefore hope to bee the orer supply of fat sheep cor- Kcted before another antnnm comes round- To continue the subject of agriculture, a very vet autumn has been followed by several weeks of exceptionally fine winter weather, but wheat-towing operations are Tery back ward all over the country, and there is co doubt that the area of ltnd under wheat this season will fall far short of that of last year. I see by the statistics that New Zealand pro duced over ton minion bushels of wheat but year, but nnf oxtunately owing to a very wet harvest in some districts an immense quantity is so damaged as to be quite unfit tor export, and neither growers nor merchants know what todo with iv Tbe supply of oats ie so great tbat growers have a difficulty in quitting thtir stocks at any price. Under these discouraging drcamstancca it is not surprising that fanners should be turning tfceir attention mere seriously to grazing tban they have ever done before; and there ie no doubt that the unfortunate experience of the last season in corn-growing will hare a materiel tci.dercy to improve the character of oursfricuUixe. 