ußound the Yule Log." THESE engravings are from a volume of Norwegian fairy tales, oollootod by P. C. Asbjörusen, and vory idiomatically translated by Mr. H. L. Brokstad, fel- low-countryman of tho author's but who has for some years boen rosidont in England. In Norway, as evorywhore elso, the maroh of improvement (?) is rapidly driving away ghosts, logonds, folk-lore, and fairy tales. Mr. Asbjiirnson is 70 yoarB old, and therefore belongs to tho vanishing generation ; yet ho was not a bit too soon when, as a young man, with the prosenfc Bishop Moe, ho indefatigably wan derod about getting from tho lips of minstrels, boat mon; " household paupers," and others tho talos hore sot down in print, and whioh woro already ceasing to bo reproduced orally. There is, of oourBO, a Btrong family likeness between many of thoso legends and thoso of other Indo- Gormanio countries, indicating our common Aryan origin ; nevertheless they have a vivid local colour of their own, savouring of the ruggod mountains, the dark fir forests, and the deep fiords of Norway. Like all other similar collections the Btoros aro of unequal interest, but some of them are vory fascinating to children of all ages and sizes. We say " of all ages," for the man or woman ÍB to bo pitied who has lost all zost for these preternatural tales. We Bhall hore only tell enough just to explain the moaning of the several engravings. 1. The female servants hearing a terrible clatter one night in the kitchen, peeped in, and found the " brownie " stand- ing on the kitchen table, and pitching all tho crockery on to the floor. Nono of it, however, was broken. 2\. Is a Norse version of Henny Penny, and tells how a pancake, running away from the hungry family who were about to oat it, is finally, after escaping many perils, accidentally swallowed by a pig, whoso portrait is hero given. 3. Is a bold billy.goat who transfixes with his horns a malicious "troll." 4. Shows us a tailor in a haunted mill besot by a legion of goblin pus3y-cats. 5. Is a scone from a story on the well-worn theme of three brothers, the youngest of whom alone proves worthy. Hero is an unfor- tunate old lady who for a hundred years has had hor nose jammed in this block of wood, and yet the elder brother only heartlessly laughs at her. G. Is the story of a bullying parson who on the road will make way for nobody, and thereby gets into trouble with the king. 7 and 8. Aro scenes from tho adventures of a little girl who tr "veis with a white boar who is really an an enchanted prince. In the second wo seo her riding on tho back of the North Wind. _ ' ' ' i _' We have Boveral noted violinists, but, after all, Paganini was tho bow ideal of a musician. Albo shful printer refused a situation ina printing office where females were employed, saying that he never '* set up " with a girl in his life. " I have been married now," boasted a prosy old fellow, "moro than 30 years, and have never given my wife a cross word." "That's because you nover dared, uncle," said a little nephew who lived with thom. " If you had, auntie would have made you jump." It is needless to say that after that speech Bilenc3 fell upon the circle. It is all very well to say, " give a boy a chanco to work at what he takes to ;" but supposing ho doesn't take to anything? Why, thon tho best course to Eursue is to give him a chanco to work at something e doesn't take to. If he won't go willingly to work, the work must be brought to him. He who through the many changes to which every life is subjeet cultivates tho powor of adapting him Belf to those changes, and also to tho new Bet of ciroum&tanoes; resulting therefrom, possesses a magic talisman against all the vicissitudes of life. So our lives go on ; the river ends we do not know where, and the sea begins, i 