THE REIGN OF TERROR IN IRELAND. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Your learned correspondent, "John Green Ark," is to be complimented: —" Vires moventea omne neftui animo."— Hor. For the information of the igno rant Irish this means—" When men are moved they can do anything that is wicked." I accept the dictum of the heathen poet. Ireland in the days ot Charles the First illustrates too plainly the assertion ot the poet, and wicked things were done in those days. As to the murder of 200,000 Protestants in 1041, who is his authority? Lingard, Hallam, and Taylor are against him. They are no mean authorities. Mr. Maxwell, afterwards Protestant Bishop of Kilmore, gave evidence of Protestants walking on the water and brandishing their swords, and raising their hands to heaven (see Hallam). These documents are still preserved in the Library of Trinity College, Dublin (see Warner, a Protestant clergyman). The massacre of Protestants in 1041 is a pure fiction (see Taylor, Moore, Ths Four Masters, Lingard, Milner). tSir John Temple, who gave currency to the popular opinion, gained his information from the revelations of Protestant ghosts from the records of thirty-two folio volumes now in Trinity College, Dublin — a literary curiosity, I was simple enough to believe that Johu Bull would give Ireland fair play. No sucli thiDg. In Ireland, just now, there is neither law nor justice. My eyes have been opened fay recent events, and hence, I give my cordial adhesion to the " Irish National Land League." Happilv, Protestants and Catholics are united, ana Home Rule or Repeal of the Union must come. What Constitution can withstand the will of the people ? If I am not guilty of heresy, I will conclude with a very popular proverb, Vox Populi vox Dei. X am. Sir, Sc., J. T. REILLY. Byrom-place, March 4,1883. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—If not taking too great a liberty, may I venture tremblingly to ask your corres pondent "J. T. Keilly" to explain the apparent contrariety in tne following extracts taken from letters bearing his signature under dates of February 12 and March 4 respectively ? May I further make so bold as to kindly | enquire what "recent events" have caused him to give his allegiance to the Irish National Land League, and whether suoli "recent events" are of national or local significance. X am, bir, &c.;« CONSISTENCY. februaryri.—Sir—I am not alone in concluding that a great mistake lias been mode in forming an Irish National League in South Australia. It is not what good, but really what harm this Association is calculated to do, is the serious reflection of every thoughtful man in the community. Heretofore all classes have Jived in peace and harmony. We have been content to discuss politics in a friendly way, nrd while seeing beauties in tbe islands we have scvendly bailed from, have been content to decide which was the most beautiful without calling iu the aid of Paris. Has not Mr. Redmond, however, like Paris, thrown amongst us the apple of discord ? I trow ne has. And why was be not better advised ? Alas! for tbe inconsistency of man! Gentlemen who scorned connection with the late Adelaide Land League were present, and, Phoenix-like, saw it destroyed, and then hailed with delight the new creature called the " Irish National League." The platform being identical, or nearly so, what fatuity! Now, after all, what necessity is there for a National League? If some pirts of Ireland are in distress why not ask the money, and no doubt a general response would have been made. But no; a League must be fovraed. But a National League means expense, continued waste of time, and, what is vo.se, a mischievous play-toy. What possible effect can a South Australian Irish National League have on Imperial legislation? Considering our present monetary diihculties, Irishmen who would contribute to tbe foundation of a National League in South Australia would be like the Pom an fool who slew his fellow- slaves with a sword. The Irish League is just as much likely to obtain their end—the abolishing of landlords—as tbe Jews in their day were able to get their money from tint great statesman Charles Fox, who was always in debt. March 4.—I was simple enough to believe tint John Bull would giv6 Ireland fair play. No sacb thing. In Ireland just now there is neither law nor justice. My eyes have been opened by recent events, and hence I give my cordial adhesion to the "Irish National Land League." Happily Protes tants and Catholics are united, and Home Rule or repeal of the Union must come. WhatConstitution can withstand the will of the people? 