WYNDHAAI RACING CLUB. The above clnbheld a meeting attheWerribeeon Saturday afternoon, when the weather was fine, the course in good order and both the fields of horses and the attendance of the public larger than usual. Rut for an unfortunate fatal acci dent, which marred the proceedings, the meeting might be described as a most successful one in every respect. The special train from Melbourno brought a very large number of visitors, and the attendance on the courso was farther augmented by a contingent from the Melbourno Hunt Club, who had held a meet in the neighborhood during tho earlier part of tho day. Tho Wyndbam meet ing is one which is almost entirely supported by metropolitan patronage, the number of local visitors or local horses being very few. However, the president of the club, Mr. Andrew Cliirnside, is n local resident, and is a host in himself. Tho fatal accident already allndcd to, occurred in the Stooplochase through Sunshine striking a fonco in front of the grand stand, almost turning a somersault, and falling on his rider, a young man named Albert Rose, in tho employ of Mr. R. Howio, of Ballarat. The poor iad was shock ingly crushed by tke force with which the horse's weight came on him, and death must havo been instantaneous. lie was about 21 years of age and had only once beforo ridden in a steeplechase. Barlow, the rider of Rocket, in the same race, also received a nasty spill, breaking his collar bone. The Selling Race was the first of the five events on tbo card, and was won by Nymph after an exciting finish with Ard Righ. Tho winner was bought in for £21, tho club's surplus being £1 only. The Hurdle Race fell to Miller who, aided by his light handicap, ran a good horse, Stormbird, who got second place, also shaping well, bat Merry Moid could get no nearer than third. The principal event of the day, the Wyndbam Handicap, fell to Bonnie Bee, who came through his horses in the last few huured yards, and wus landed a winner in most artistic style by Cracknel!. Barley Brco made most of the running, Coriolanus also being close to tho front all the way. The Steeplechase came next, bringing nine starters to the post. After an eventful race Alagic won with tolcrablo ease at the finish, Peter, who was splendidly ridden out, being second, and Yerlo third; Prido, after having detained the rest of tho horses for some time waiting for his appearance, bolted when being cantered up to the starting post, and .the others were started without him. During this raco the extreme shortness of the days at present was made apparent, as though it was before five o'clock the light was very had. The Werribco Park Handicap, of seven furlongs, was the last raco, and in this The Ghost once,nmreshowed his superiority of speed for a short spin, winning in good stylo from Clitoris the favorite and Gudarz, whose impost of 10 st. 1 lb. was enough to put him out of it. A rush was then made for tke train, though it was found when the platform was reached that there was still a considerable time to wait. No official time was taken for any of the races. Appended are the details :-— Sbuiko Haxuiear, of 50 so vs. Three-qnsri.rs o( a mile. S. O. Cook's b f Nymph, by Hawtliorod.a, 2 yrs., 7 it. (Johnston) 1 J. M'Urft lie's br h Ard Righ, 3 yrs., 6 SL12 lb. ., ., (Croker) 2 A. Saunt's b g Drumstick, 3 yrs., 7 st. — (Walker) 3 E. Wecke'a b o Glory, 3 yrs., S st. S lb. .. (Perry) 0 F. C. Smiley's b m aland, S yrs., 8st- 7 lb. (Barrj O J. Patterson's br h Whisper, a yrs., 8 St. (Hughes) 0 T. Jones's br m Queen Elizabeth, 3 yrs., 7st. 5 lb. (Kilby) 0 C. Young'sch m Queen Mab, 4 yrs., 7 St. .(Stokes) 0 Betting t 7 to 4 against Qtieon Elizabeth, 4 to X Whisper, 6 to X each Ard Rlgb, Nymph and Drum stick. After several attempts the horses were desoatched to a middling start, of which Whisper got rather the heat In company with Queen Elizabeth lie led around towards the buck of the course ; Nymph also being in tho van, whilo Ard lligh and Queen Mab were last. Itouudlug tho turn nfl were under the whip, Drumstick and Queen Elizabeth having the best of the positions. Prom tho turn Into the straight, bow- over, Nymph and Ard Righ came again, a good nice home between tlie pair ensuing, ending in a win for tho former by a head, a couplo of lengths separating Ard Web nnd Drnmatlck. who were second and third. Glory was fourth, Whisper fifth, Queen Mab finishing last. Haxdicav Hcrdlz Raci, of GO sors. About one mile and three quarters. M. Orey's ch g Miller, by Planet, 6 yrs., (1st. Tib. .. (M'Donald) 1 R. Kattv's Stormbird, aged, XOst. 21b. .. (Wall) 2 M. Jacobs's ch m Merry Maid, 0 yrs., 10 st 3 lb. .. _ (IXuUt) 3 T. Herri ngton's b g Springfield, late Stranger, aged, XOst (J. Jellett) 0 O. Glasscock's bk g Tandcrook, aged, 9st. 101b. (Kllduff) 0 J. M'Oraile's bk g Black Prince, aged, lost. Sib. (Floyd) 0 Betting: 2 tol against Merry Maid, 3 tol Stormbird, 4 to 1 Black Prince, 0 to 1 Miller. Stormbird led off, followed by Miller and Black Prince. At the beck of courso Miller bad gono to the front, Black Prince, Stormbird and Merry Mold coming next in the order named, Tanderook being last, a position which ho was unable to Improve upon for tho remainder of the race. Tho order remained much the same. Miller leading past the stand, Black Prince and Stormbird being second nnd third. Merry Maid next. Along tho back of tho course Stormbird Improved bis position, tho others becoming more scattered. No material change for the restof the journey took place, the order at the finish being Miller, two lengths in front of Stormbird, who was a length ahead of Merry Maid, Black Priuco, Springfield and Tanderook in the order given. Wykduam Haxsicap, of GO sovs. One alio and a dis tance. A. M'Donald's br g Bonnie Beo by Bonnie Carlisle, Oyrs., Cat. 8 lb. .. .. (Bracknell) X R. Ii. Maltland's brh Coriolanus, 4 yrs., S St. 9 lb. (Bnrton) 2 S. Davis's bk h Barloy Bree, G yrs., 0 st. 12 lb. (Stokes) 3 It. K. Maltland's br h Gudarz, 4 yrs,, D st. S lb. (Maltland) 0 A. R. Inglis's g m Verdure, G yrs., S st. G lb. ( Everett) 0 J. Patterson's cb g Wizard, G yrs., 8 st. G lb. (Hughes) 0 A. Saqni's b g Squireen, 4 yrs., 8st. lib. (Walker) 0 S. Mlller'sbmCooreena,4yr9.,7st.l3lb... (Carroll) 0 XI. Levin's b m Belle Brandon, 3 yrs., 7 St. 3 lb. (Saunders) 0 II. Connelly's b m Zephyr, 4 yrs., 6 at. 13 lb. (Stratford) 0 J. Taylor'sb b Moscow, G yrs., 0 st. 10 lb. ..(Burr) 0 R. Johnston's b c Kit Nubbles, 2 yrs., 0 St. 10 lb. .. (Brown) 0 T. Phillips's b f Amelia Victoria, 2 yrs., 0 st. 7 lb. (Blair) 0 Betting i G to 2 against Coriolanus, G to 1 eacb Bonnie Bee and Verdure. Tbe thirteen horses were got off to a fair, Coriolanus, Verduro and Barley Breo showing tho way. Tbe latter made the running moat of tho way. Whisper head ing tho next dirislon. At the turn Barloy Bree was still in the leading position, but coming up the straight Cracknell brought Bonuie Bee through in splendid style, winning easily by a length and a half, Coriolanus gaining second honors, Barley Breo third, Wizard fourth, nnd Zephyr fifth. Handicap STKRFkEcaAss, of 30 sovs. About two miles and a quarter. T. Ferguson's b g Magic, by Planet, aged, 10 st. 71b (Thornton) 1 P. Whitty's b g Peter, 0 yrs., 9 et. 01b. .. (Batty) 2 J. O. Inglis's b g Ycrlo, aged, 9 st. 4 lb. (Richards) 3 O. Glasscock's. Scotchman, aged, lOst. 4 Ib.(Kilduff) 0 J. M'Grade's b g Pride, Oyrs., 10p. .. (Floyd) 0 It. Johnston's b g Napoleon, O yrs., 9 St. 12 lb. .. (Eluht) 0 S. Shrimpton's bg Gold Top, S yrs., 9 st, 101b. .. (Carey) O — Kelly's b h Sunshine, Oyrs. ,9 st. 10 lb. (Rose) 0 R. Q. Burton's Rocket, aged, 9 St. .. (Barlow) 0 Betting: 8 to 4 against Msglc, 5 to 1 any others. After tbe fall of the Hag Gold Top and Napoleon were just distinguishable in front. Sunshine, Yerlo, Scotch man nnd Magic coming next in the order named. Over the fence at the turn Napoleon led, Gold Top apparently running round. Rocket was paw also Bhowing towards the front, being in company with Sunshine as they approached the fences In front of tho stand. At the one directly opposite Sunshine fell, turning a complete somersault, killing his rider on the spot. Rocket led round the turn. Napoleon and Magic being the next, while Peter was last. Around the far side of tbe course the order was Rocket, Napo leon, Magic, Gold Top and Scotchman, Peter being behind. Magic now commenced to Improve Ms post tlon, and coming past the stand tbe second time was second to Rocket, who ran very wide round the turn, and so lost some ground. In trying to mako up his rider forced tho pace rather too much, with the result that be came to grief at the next fence. Barlow get ting his collar bone broken. Magic then increased his lead to abont 20 lengths, coming home an eany winner, though Batty, on Peter, cauio up In One stvle, riding his horso right out to the end, decreasing tlie strong lead, which Magic had held In a wonder ful way. ,'Yerlu was third, Gold Top fourth, Napoleon fifth, and Scotchman sixth. Werbisu Pass Handicat, of GO sovs. (tbe gift of' Messrs. T- and A. Cblrnslde). The winner of the Wyndbam Handicap to carry 7 lb. extra. Seven far- longs. T. Jones's r or ch h Tlie Ghost, by Tregeagi?ySyrs., 8 St. 12 lb (O'Brien) 1 T. Chlmside's brf Chlorls, 2 yrs., Ost., 101b. (Cracknell) 2 R. K. Maltland's br h Gudarz, 4 yrs., 10 st. 1 lb. _ (Maltland) 3 A. Seoul's b c Mistake, 3 yrs., 8 st 2 lb. .. (Walker) 0 H. Connelly ns b m Cassiopeia, G yrs., s st. (Gardiner) 0 H. Levin's b m Belle Brandon, G yrs., 7 st. 20 lb. „ .. (Dandys) 0 J, 0. Raid's br g Closer, 4 yrs., 6 (St. 12 lb. (Stratford)- 0 T. Jones's br m Queen Elizabeth, 8 yrs;, Gst. 10 lb (Blair) 0 J. Fitzroy'S ch c Redbank, 3 yrs., U it. 8 lb. M .. ,. .. (Moran) 0 J. Whlttingbam's bl g Rooftree, 4 yrs., C et. 8 lb. (Bacchus) O J. K. Fatreblld's brm Her Majesty, 4 yra.Gat.Tlb. .. .. (Ople) 0 Betting : G to 4 against Chtoris. 7 to 1 Oudarz. Tbe Ghost was qulekest away, and held a leading jiosRion for the whole distance ; Gudarz and Cbloris wore also prominent. A flue race borne between the three end ding In a victory for The Ghost by half a length, Gloria being second and Gudarz tbird, Redbank finish ing last. 