\- ' THE POMEROY DBAMATfO f , .;?; 'I'i-1-!ooi*r;iSnr,'v:1-: .::?.' ''' [?] ' Another crowded ' house greeted' the second performance Of T Bhakespear/a master-piece, 'Hamlet,' last evening at .the Mechanics' Institute, and taking into 'consideration 'the very1 limited 'jBtage allowance, the piece went with a Bmooth n^ss''tt]!atrivas a credit to all the jier formers, and the stage manager. ' The title role was again taken' :4-y ICbb Piomeroy, who all .through acted, her diffi cult character with wonderful fidelity. She : was ' many i ' times most ^ genuinely applauded for her efforts, especially in the last' scene in the combat with Laertes. Her -make-up -was'tixcetlent,' find she spoke her lines with a clearness ! and expression whifch greatly pleased heraudi- ence. . Miss Branton, as Ophelia,1 waVan improvement ,ofi ( hei last performance, and she, came' in; for' !a good share .of applause: !( 'In ' |the -last' nefbtat' one she was truly realistic, 'and- won applause that must have teen gratifying to her. Miss Blanche Lewis, as the ' Queen of Denmark, looked queenly, and pourtrayed - her fine character with ^reat judgement. The Laertes of Mr Elliott was an excellent character in every - ivjiy, and he showed tnat as'a tragedian ' he was 'a great success. Sir. Appleton played.T^ie.Ghost , with 'every. creait;rjwhilst as - Claudius Mr ^ HaU deserves the highest' praise for his* masterly'ren&ering; of this grand character. - - ; He 'was ?well'dress'edy:was perfect ; in' his : ? 'lines',' arid1' spoke and acted them ;in'» manner, that made him a favorite with the ' audience^' Mr Harry Leston in the dual character ' of Kosencraiifcz .arid the First Gravediggej: 'desetvesevery' merit ' for bis aclingj whilst Mr ' Joyce as Polonius and Mr Gerald as Horatio must be credit^a with favorable mention for the. way they - pourtrayqd these two excellent characters. The remiSnierojE* the' .caste was also well sustained. ' '.To-night the emotional drama of; .*' East Iiynne ' Vrillbe.produfceS. 