\- THE WES LEY AN CONFERENCE. 'The ministerial section of the Wesleyan Con ference resumed its sittings on Monday, in the Iionsdale-street church," under the presidency of the Bev.'E. T. Watkin. At the opening of the mixed conference of ministers and laymeD, The President addressed the members. He said that they were there to promote the interests of the Australian Methodist Church of Victoria and Tas mania ;, that . church which was the churoh of the fathers of many of them, and the church of the in dependent choice of all of them. They held that the Methodist Church was a church of the Holy Ghost. They did not suppose that they monopo lised the grace of God, and with all their hearts they prayed that grace, mercy, and truth might be tho portion of the Israel of God. At tho same time they held that their church had vindicated her right to exist in this aud in other lands. Every now and then there were movements in another church, the movers iu which wished to get tho Wesleyatis back' to the fold from Which they said they had strayed. In England is hud been asserted that it was the ambition of the Wesleyan Methodist Mini sters to prevent the Wesleyan Methodist people from going back to the Anglicau Church. That was denied by the ministers. (Applause). The Wesleyan Methodist ministers had nu wish to be re- ordained. The/ were quite sitistied with the or dination that lliey had had — (laughter and applause) — hut' if they did wish to be rc- ordaiued, the Methodist people would have something to say on the matter. (Renewed applause.) The miuisteis \- and laymen were met in that conference on equal terms.. While, as ministers, they thought that God bad 'mado them the overseers of the church, they had rio wish to lord it over God's heritage. Tliey preached not themselves but Christ Jesus their Lord. Methodism owed very much of its success to this, fact that, perhaps more than any other church, it had ' employed laymen— local preachers, cluss leaders, and Sabl uth school teachers -and ho would like on that occasion to refer to the indebtedness which Methodism in Victoria and 'J'nsmnnin held to local preachers, to class- leaders, nod to other luy office- bearers. God forbid that the Methodist people should ever cease to value tho olnss-nieeting as the best means of religious fellowship which the Church bad'yet discovered. (Applause.) He thought it codld1 be- proved .that their Church approximated closoly to apostolic precedent in its religious exer cises. Their people gave attention to instructions, to fellowship, to tho breaking of bread, and to prayers. God bad been with them in tho past, and He Was with them iu the present. The statis tics of the past year, whioli would be reported to the conference, would show that' though they wanted highor spiritual results, and they ought to hivo 'them/they were not cursed with divisions. Other.ohurohea there wore wliioh had men in their pulpits who preached all kinds of doctrines, hut it was tbo glory of tho Methodists that the same truths were preached from all their pulpits. (Ap plause.) Borne considered 'that a reproach, but. Methodists regarded it as their glory. Methodist aoolrine remained tue same now as it used to be, and there was this pleasing fact in tbo history of the Methodist churches generally, that wliilo. tbero Lad been a number of secessions upon pointB of dis cipline there had never been a secession upon any dootrinaF question.. The Wesleyan; Methodists of Victoria hud done a good deal for the highor educa tion of'iho'youth of the: oolony, but their educa tional system would not bo complete until tbey had a Wosleyan . Methodist t. olloge, affiliated to the Melbourne, University— (applause)— ami ho hoped the'tiuio wasnbt far distant when that objoot would Be realised. . ' A motion that Melbourne first circuit be divided into. three circuits was referred, on the suggestion of Mr E. John, to a special comriiittoe ; and this . matter having Toon disposed of, the uiembors joined. |n the saorament of the Lord's Supper, When Daniel O'Counell, while conducting a aaae before Lord Norbury, observed,." Purdoo, my lord ; I am afraid your lordship does not apprehend me." The Chief Justice (alluding to a report that O'Connell had avoided a duel by Bur- rendering himself to the police) retorted, " Par don me also ; no one is more easily apprehended than Mr O'Connell — whenever he wishes to be apprehended." The Frailty of Proverbs. — We are told that " Whore there's a will there's a way but you only just try to throw a will into Chancery, and if ever you find your way out of it, we will pro nounce you to be one of the cleverest fellows alive, such as Barnrim would give any amonnt of money for, if only for the purpose of exhibiting you. Just try it ! The fear of death is an instinctive principle of human life, and its apprehension the pervading idea of human nature. Yet such is our inconsistency, that in tho face of these dread alarms, we are prone to neglect the means of warding off the inevitable issue men will suffer, and procrastinate from day to day in availing themselves of tho means of relief. They will develop acute symptoms of disease, and wait patiently until they bccomo chronic. \\\ ithin their very grasp, for instance, is "Wolfe's Schnapps, and often it is permitted to elude their reach, until too late ! 