ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (Br TIIE GIIOsT.) LMatters political have, for the nonco, been banished from thoe publi mind, Mankind line. during the week, boon more occupied with its Christmas goose than with the doings and say Ingeof Ministers and members of Parliament. One solitary representative of the Government has stayed in Melbourne, the remainder of his Excellency's advisers having hbetaken themsolvs inland or shorewards, far from the busy bum of otflicial life, na inclination or "constitutional" requirements prompted. Mr. Gillie is the only Minister in Melbourne, holiday time being the reverse of what its nanme Implies, to tihe depart ment over which the ionourablo gentleman presides. Railway oniceial and Pressmen have towork in order that others may take their pleasure. For them, as for the wicked, there is Indeed no rest. The Mininter for Lands and his colleague in the Department of Public Works have, how. ever, been striving to combine business with pleasure, and have been on an exploring tour through some of the least known portions of the Omeo district. As a result of the trip, it is not unlikely that there may be another new departure taken in our much tinkered land legislation. Mn'. Tucker has expressed himself " unoicially, of course," as favourable to leas ing the most mountainous parts of the colony in a manner somewhat similar to that which has proved so successful in regard to the ialice country. As most of the land is, however, now let under grazing license to pastoral tenants, the matter is surrounded with complications, which had not tobe dealt with in connection with the No Mlan's Land on the eastern confines of Victoria. In this instance there will be a rob. bing of Peter to pay" Paul, and the squotting Peter is hardly likely to give up the broad acres over which his flocks roam "free," in almost the literal accoptation of the term, with out a severe struggle. And who knows but this seemioglyinnocontproposition may not ocoasion the breaking up of the "unholy allianeo,"of which the present Coalition Government is the outcome t Groat effects have, In times gone by, sprung from smaller causes. Four more unfortunate minera have boon hurried to their fate in what, no doubt,. on the lucus a non lucendo principle, is termed a " safety" cage. These appliances are now proved to be of little use In cases of emergency, and are in truth little better than man traps. They engender a false sense of security which leads to carelessness on the part of the drivers. The man who caused the mishap through overwinding the cage has been committed for trial on a charge of man slauhlter. But this will not prevent the re. eurrence of similar acoidonts. It Is hardly creditablo to our mining engineers that not one of their number has yet succeeded in devising some method of preventing a far too common occurrence. Peorhaps it is because they havoe not borne in mind the homely adage that " prevention is better titan cure," and have directed bchir energies towards contriving a remed for "overwinding," rathier tian towards invention means of rendering such contingonices Impossible. Had there been some means of calling the attention of the engine driver at the Duke mine to the fact that the cage was going up instead of down, the Timor disaster could .npt have happened. Surely some method of doing thisby means of an automatic alarm bell ought not to be an impossible feat. Tho Salvation, the Bluo Ribbon, and the other armies of workers who are striving to bring unregenorato mankind into the paths of sobrity and virtue, ando who, if they do any good, certainly do not effect it by stealth, and blush to find it 'fame, can hardly be congratu. lated on the success of their efforts, if one may judge by results. At no former period of our colonial, history have their been at Christmas tide so many persons locked up for drinking not wisely, ,but too well-as during the festive season just pa=eed. Perhaps the police, among whom there are a number of "new brooms" in tihe shape of young constables, havo shown a little extra zeal and vigilance, and not been, as heretofore, a little blind to the faults of the topers. But whatever be the reason, certain it is that the number of Baeehlanalians " run in" has been during the week exceptionally large. Theloek-upkeeper at Swanqton-street,who, from tihe remark, is evidently a bit of a humorist in his way, says the place has for the last few days been "inconveniently crowded." Tim old Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Ccnpany will have to look to its laurels. The veteran nssociatlon is fast being jostled out of its pride of place, by its younger rival, the Orient line. The Potosi. starting only some 21 lhours later thon the Parramatta, has brought us seven days Inter news. W\he next Victoria enters into a contract for the conveyance of her snails, slho should stipulate for a 32 days service between London and Melbourne. It hs enow been proved that at a very small increase on the present cost this boon might he secured to the colony. The Pitman scandal has, for a few weeks at all events, been withdrawn from lpubli ken. The accused has'been committed for trial at ] the Central Criminal Court, and the case will be tried on the 15th February next, Mielbourno is just now cricket mad. Tihe attendance at the ground to witness tihe InteJ. colonial contest is very large, but consists chiefly of members of the sterner sex. Whereas at other sporting meets, the ladies are" a feature" 1 in the gatlerings, and "all the world and his i wifo" are present. At the match now going on, all the world is there-minus the wife. t A greant deal of unnecessary " gush " is being expended orvr the members of the Pollard Liliputian Onora Troupe. The parents of the precocious youngsters who allowed thoirchildren to take to the stage s a profession, and in e on sidoration of a payment to themselves of a lump sum, or a weekly amount, varying from tiwo to five shillicgs, to accompany tihe fc. pressario, are, it appears, aggrieved at the troupo hcving keen taken to India. A large proportion of the " infantiles "are of the Jowish persuasion;, nd Mr.eox, z.LTA., isconssquently very ative in the affair. Mr. Pollard is, if rumour is to he credited, doing remarkably well, and there is consequently a not unnatural desire on the part of the legitimate owners of the children to, share, in a larger degree than they now do, the managerial profits. Two, and oven five shillings a week, is felt, by the authors of theirbeing, to be too slight a token of lie op preciation in which the talent of their offspring is held. H?neo these tears.. The next " mail news" of the Pollard embroglio will lperhaps, by some people, he considered "black mail" news. The managers' of the Melbourne theatres have displayed more than their arcustomed liberality in catering for tlleir patrons at this holiday lime of te year. The pantomime of "Aladdln," at the "Royal, is mounted with a truly royal magnificene, tihe scenery and costumes alone being sullelont, even witlout the "localisms," to ensurn bumper Iouses for weeks to come. At the Princess also, Messrs. Williamson, OGurner, and Musgrovo have spared no expense in the production of the clever comedy drama "Impulse," which nightly delights large audiences. At the Bijou, "Tie Forty Thieves" has been produced, and this evergreen burlesque appears, if tihe laughter and applause by whcch crowded audiences great it can be taken as a criterion of success, to have hit the popular taste. At the Opera House Planquotte's latest operatic work, " Rip Van Winkleo," has been placed on the boards " regardless of ex poensed," and as tlhe principals are becoming more familiar with their several roles, and tle work, albeit somewhat long, runs smoothly, will no doubt continue for some time to attract the, crowds that have nightly attended to witness the perforniance. .The Lyceum- orstwhile the Polytebhnic-ls occupied by a juvenile com. pany, who are playing the " Pirates of -Penzance," and receiving a fair share of public patronage. 