A *e Real American" Ghost Story. In Linn County, of the State of Iowa, tli ere lived once a well-to-do fanner, whom we will call Mr. G- . . He was a Pennsvlvanian by birth, but ! had married and reared a large family 1 in Ohio, and when be emigrated to Iowa the only child remaining at home was a daughter born to the farmer and his wife late.in life, and just entering her teens when they moved to what was then called the " Far West." At the time of the occurrence I am about to relate, this daughter, who was my informant, was about eighteen years of age. One evening in early summer, the men and maids had gathered to milk the cows. The farmer stood near by feeding the pigs, and his daughter was helping the maids. Contrary to the usual custom, the cows had not been driven into their yard, but stood outside and near the public road, which was not, however, in those early times much frequented. It was a peaceful pastoral scene upon which the declin ing sun threw his Inst beams, the mild eyed cows chewed their end patiently, while red-cheeked Phyllis and stalwart Cory don relieved them of their milky treasure. But suddenly a noise, as of a heavy waggon furiously driven broke upon the stillness, coming nearer and nearer, until the clattering of the horses' hoofs and the rattling of the wheels could be distinctly heard. Mr. G called out to ' the milkers " You had better get out of the road ; I expect a runaway is coming j" and with that all withdrew to the side, though as yet nothing was to be seen. But there was no cessation of the noise, which approached with increasing ve locity, and was by this time almost abreast of the startled hearers. And now the dumb creatures began to show signs of unmistakable terror ; the cows flung their heads high, and, with pitious bellowing, rushed off into the surrounding woods, while the pigs tote around their enclosures squealing in a j most distracted manner. Only the human creatures stood their ground I with staring eyes which saw nothing:, and blanching cheeks which told their fear of this invisible piesence. Having arrived at that side of the road opposite the fence, the noise turned, passed through a " stake-and-rider" fence, every rail of which seemed to fall, adding to the horrible confusion, though to the eye all remained secure, traversed the cow-yard, struck against the fence which constituted the pig-pen, passing in so doing within a few feet of Mr. G-, who staggered back and fell to the ground, and then, as if its mission was accomplished, it turned off abruptly, ran through another fence, and, striking : into an unused woodroad, gradually died away. Meantime, attracted by the noise, Mrs. G came out of the house, calling, " What is the matter 1 whose team is running away ?" When someone answered they had seen noth ing, she grew pale, and exclaimed, " Which one of ns does it mean 1" It was her known belief that her family always received some warning of ap proaehing death, though neither hus ? band nor daughter shared in the super stition. As soon as she learned that the manifestation seemed directed es pecially against Mr. G-she at once made up her mind that it was he who would be called for. Nor did her fears mislead her as in ten days from that time the farmer, who was assisting in digging a well on his place, was over whelmed by the earth caring in and falling upon him. He died shortly afterwards from the injuries received. 