? r ?????;;? ^H^liii^ ^ ^IT^iFfi1*i!l? ? ' : ' SPORTING NOTES , ' ; ?'..??? . my Mekmn.T' ' ' '?'' '? ' The nominations and acceptances for' the i ; T. T.O. '.. races were made on Thurs day last, and will be found in another column; 'With the. exception of the Oup and Steeplechase the list is a remarkably good- one; even1 if we have only three yio ,torian horses entered for the various nvonti: ' Thn VinfnriaTl llm'aon flArf.n.?Tilv could not complain of their handicaps, and' it is to be reasonably presumed that it Is the, ?^ViR.C. Autumn Meeting so near at hand that has kept them away. In fact the/time fixed for the present meet is most inopportune; as it is right in the middle of :liarvesting ? operations. With the V.BiO; Autumn Meeting growing in importance every year,- 'Victorian1 owners of course will' naturally give the big meeting' the1 preference. Would it not 'be better, therefore, to hold the' meeting' early in January, or, better' still, in March, after the V.R.O. Autumn Meet ing1? '-'? This is well worthy the considera tion of the T,T.C. Committee.' For-' tunately the local horses have mustered1 so well that: there is every prospect of a: most enjoyable meeting. The wisdom of having races confined to Tasmania is ' once ' more exemplified1 in the case' of -the1 ' New Uhum- Handicap, which- '' has '-? no lesa ' than- 'sixteen' engaged. '? 'Having been the first to advo cate- the introduction of such races I may reasonably claim' 8ome: credit.1 -With all the handicaps to be made;1 with the ex ception1 of the- Launceston Cup and' Steeplechase,' it is of- little use in at tempting XV prophetic forecast of the' events.! In the Maiden Plate, Pride o': the Hills, GoldlCoaat, and 'Firat Light should fight out' the finish. 'Meteor ^will, I 'think,'1 ?' score ; -his .third 'successive1 triumph in the Twb-Year-Old Race. ! By the withdrawal 'of 'the ? majority1 of the' Yiistorians ;'-.from: '? the ?'; ? LaunceBton Cup' 'the 'task- is j further sim-1 plitid i ?' ; 'andi ';' =of ; ' : the: j two ': - - ? 'left in,i irI; ''should' 'fancy -; that .Rhesus, will- ? prove ': the'; most dat'gorous;: Of the' Tasmanians in this anything; but' artistically framed handicap, I think that The Queen and Sheet Anchor will be hard to beat, and if -the cup is to.be kept in Tasmania : one or- .the other must do it. Hobartiis a- good colt when thoroughly fit, and will, I honestly believe, and allowing him not to have' been himself when defeated by Sheet' .Anchor at Carrick in receipt of 1st. 61b.' it is hard to see how he can- turn the' tables 'at a difference of 13lb'., as on the 'occasion re ferred to he received about a ten pounds beating. True the distance will not suit the Anchor so well as the Carrick Plate, but it must be remembered that he could have won the race if it had been a mile and three-quarters. The Assyrian is out of it, 9st 51b, and I think he -may be passed by. Superb condition and in domitable gameness alone brought the son of Countryman home in $ie great Spring Handicap'of the year. The Barb, 7sfc71b,.has st least a. stone too much, and it is waste of time discussing his chance. He surely ia not able to defeat Sheet Anchor at three pounds, and what performance entitles him to concede 91bs to Rhesus? In the best race of last season, the Brighton Plate, Queen gave him 2st. 2lb. and a beating. Even if we allow that the horse is an improved customer this year, it is rather top much to ask him to give the filly 121b. instead of receiving 2st. 21b. His Campania per formance when he won was not a reliable guide owing to the state of the course, and, owing to Sheet. Anchor and The Assyrian .watching each other.; , More over, he, was. in receipt. of 2st. 111b. from. The Assyrian,;, and lst.^Slb. from;Sheet' Anchor 1 He won by four lengths from the latter, '* and now meets him on 161b. worse terms. What possible chance can he have ? The Squire is not badly in * at 7st!, but I doubt his ability, to lower Sheet Anohor's colours at a difference of lOlbs., and moreover. I am not certain whether he will be fit. Reports reach me, however, that the horse is doing well, and if fit I dp not think . he will disgrace himself. If a surprise is to be effected Jperhaps The SquireJ will accomplish the trick. The Queen is my selection of tho Waverley trio. She had a record last season and scored some wins. It is hardly necessary to recapitulate her per formance, and if ahe stripa in her last year's form she must run a great race. Her display over the water this season was not of an encouraging character, but it must be remembered that it was openly stated in accordance with the honourable tactics that ever 'characterise the Waverley stable that the filly -was completely off. Why should she not regain her old form ? She showed an improvement, although heavily weighted, in the race at Deloraine, which was the only time that The Queen started in Tasmania this season. On her last year's form she is undoudtedly the most favourably handicapped by far of the Ta« manlan lot. Mizpah certainly- must im prove to defeat The Queen at 71bs over. To sum up Lthink that Rhesus will pro bably prove the most f dangerous of the Victorian pair,- and if he is tobe|beaten by a Tasmanian I think that The Queen will accomplish it if she is all right, and is the selected of the stable ; but Sheet Anchor, although I would like to distance another quarter of a mile for him, will be hard to beat, and unless The Queen Btripsin her old form will be the moat dangercus of our local horses, while Don Quixote and : The Squire are the only others that seem to have any possible Bhow. For the Steeple chase Kanaka, list 121b, from his recent performances, reads like a moral. Morven holds the Tasmanian lot safe, and with the fences reduced may probably prove a moral, as he is a faat horse and is well. 'They weight so even,' so says Shake speare, but it could not be said of the framers of the Launceston Cup and Steeplechase handicaps. The weights were -certainly not made with mathe matical preoision. The' local handicapper could not have attended the raoe meet ings held this year or he would ne^er have made such mistakes. The handicaps have by no means gi v£n satisfac tion, and that there Bhould be grumbling cannot be wondered at. Even that ? good judge who handicapped the 'Victorians, and who lias no superior in Australia in adjusting' weights, has pot been so suc cessful, while the local handicapper' s work is far from perfect. It would' be tedious to point . out the faults, more especially 'as I have already dealt with some of them above. .?????? ? The first of : the Victorian trio —Don Quixote— arrived: Thursday, and will be folio wed- by^Rhesus and Kanaka to/day, Of. the local horses Caatlereagh is the', only, one .that has ye b put in an appearance, and is quartered at the racecourse.- , ,, .. ? ...... ;; IVain sorry, to hear that good, , sports man,, Mr., W. ,,T. ,.Bu'rt, has 'met with another piece of bad luck, as the/Duke of Atjlibl.v has r gone, lame, owing to an acci 'dentto his' knee. ', '.'.i The .Duke, - however, , haB.peen entered for, some, of. the minor, events: on the off chances, and if well enough will come to town early next week with Ibna. The hurdle racer. Timothy: hak been ,turned out oE training, and has developed into a fine harness howe. ;;Hobart has certainly been, an, unlucky !°olt, as he has met with another, accident, making the third this season. .Quicksilver hit him on the knee, and cut. him badly, but I am glad to state that it has not interfered much with his work. The Qneen, The Assyrian, and Quicksilver are; all. doing 'well, and are to arrive in Laun ceston on Monday next. Law has a strong team at work at Oat lands, consisting principally of jumpers — Nicholas, Denmark (who is now owned by Mr. C. E., Davies), Yougogo, Colebrook, and the two-year-old Magic. He will start for Launceston early next week.| I believe Powell will have seven — Sheet Anchor, Morven, Alban, Victor, Meander, Blink Bonny, and Echo. ? The majority of 'the team will strip in capital condition, and tho Anchor is going very well indeed at present. Powell, with such a team of good., horses, ought to have a grand innings. : ; That civil and painstaking trainer, Joe Carter, will have a trio— Pride o' the Hills, Meteor, and Apology. The ' two former are reported in great heart, but the pen has been put through Apology's name for the Cup, as she is not good onough at present. Joe will arrive in town on Monday or Tuesday. W. Miller, with the Parknook string, con sisting of Morven, Prodigal, Arra Maida, Gtuy Faux, Royenrine, Townloy, and Mizpah, will also arrive early next week. All the team are doing weli, I baleive, with the exception of Arra Maida, whose leg has once more given trouble. The! horses named with Mr.-'H. Viney's First Light and Cervus — Mr. J. Kearney's two— Gold Coast and Newmarket— and H. Tibballs's Westbury. and Opposition show..that, despite, the falling off in the Victorians, the local iorses will, muster very strongly. Let ns hope that the sport will not be spoiledjby ill- considered and haBty handicapping. Tibballs's name reminds me that he has started in business at Carrick. He has three horsas at present — Opposition, Wostbury, and Bonnie Scotland, and haa room for half a dozen more. It is hardly necessary to point out how successful Tibball3 has been since he commenced training in Tasmania, as Stockwell and Bagot are good advertisements for him. At the committee meeting last week Guy Faux was disqualified for the Laun ceston Oup on account of having been described as a six-year-old instead of The nominations for Hobart races, which take place the week after next, will bo found in another column, and are very satisfactory. The handicaps for the Hobart Cup and Steeplechase are to be declared^pn Friday next, and acceptances are to bevmade on Monday week. . The following horsea have been scratched for the Australian Oup :— Taper, Calm, The Drummer, Lord .Burghley, Lothair, Santa Glaus, Essex., Newmarket Handicap— Sardonyx, Calm, Chatterer, Declamation, Rboftree, Euclid, Odd Trick, Verdure, Qreswick, Baron Von Mueller, Ghost, Lothair, Morpeth, Britisher, Ldrd of , Clyde, Mameluke, Silver Arrow, Walton, Musidora. 'Asmodeua' Bays Bagot has reoently been offered for sale to an Adelaide racing man at a. figure considerably. below what ' his present owner gave for him, and it is naturally conjectured that there is' a screw loose with the,; Tasmanian bred colt, or that he has been tried and found wanting.. '??' The Plunger seems to have, ac'p'ompT lished a real good performance at , Geelong. ., t The . Sportsman says: — The Mares' Prodnoo Stakes caused a good deal of excitement amongst the respective, backers of Fryingpan, The Plunger, and . Boolka. . Mr. Pearson's colt', after his plucky owner had taken £900 to £600, became a firm, favourite ;: but The Plunger party freely accepted , 2 to 1 about their Victorian .Cup winner. Bel mont and Plunger were, together for the; earlier part, of the ':. journey, .'.but_th'e former only , on sufferance^ ^sb,, directly, Fryingpan joined issue Plunger went to the front and made his own running the last three-quarters mile at such a bat as effectually disposed of .his, rivals.. He completed the distance in 2min. 40aec., which is a performance hard to match— at home or. in the colonies— with 8st. 101b. in the saddle.. ',',:;. .. .,,'_ ,.; ?' The; programme for the annual ' meet of the Midland Jockey Club .which, will be held at Oatlands on Wednesday, the 10th March, is published . in another column. The events comprise the Maiden Plate of 20 ao vs., Oatlands Handicap of 50 sovs., Waverley Handicap of 25 sovs., Handicap Steeplechase of 45 sovs., and Flying Handicap of 30 sovs. Nomina tions for all but the Maiden Plate close on Monday' next, and for the Maiden. Plate on . 6th. March. Weights will be declared on 26th February, and accept ances closej on :6th March. . .:,?-. (:: 'Nemo,' the Sydney turf writer, thus sums up 'the handicap for the Sydney Cup :— The handicap must have been. a; rather difficult one to frame, and atMthe weights the following dozen, and one ap pear to .me to be , the best, in ,:— Com-, motion, Hesperian, Sardonyx,; Ores wick, Pell Mell, Comet, Elastic, Mistaken, Soldier Boy, .Rainbow, Valetta, Ad Va^i lorem, and Recovery j and if;ypur readers will ' make a' note- of it,': I doubt not. that the placed 'horses .will be found amongst them., .....,., ,,;{'; :?:?-.'; '-;. Since the issue ^f^the weights, for :the. four principal autumn . handicaps— says a:. Sydney , journal— -there has been but .very little .speculation, although books are open; the double/event prices, being, from ?- 1000 to. 5 to lp., the former quotation; for ; ' mixed gopds.',The triumvirate. fMessrs.; s Jones, Miller, and: OIBrien) laid, tbe;senii sational wager on Tuesday of 100,000 io , 2000 Warwick for the V.R.C. Derby and. Grosvenor for the Melbourne Cup- V '? Our Lefroy correspondent writes :— A public meeting of the Lefroy Raoing Club was held on Wednesday, the ;31st ult., at the Lefroy Hotel ; Mr. Boughtman in; the chair. The tender of Mr. John Luck was accepted for clearing the course, and. it was proposed that a deputation con sisting of the Course Committee wait upon the Minister of Lands re the obtaining of ? a grant for the course, on Friday' evening.: Oapt. A. Coote, . M.H. A., was . elected president ; Mr. A. K. Chapman, judge ; Mr. C. W. Lord, starter; Mr. John Luck, ; clerk of course; Mr. . George. Heyleyy clerk of scales ; Mr. Jas., Barret, handi-. capper* ; stewards, Messrs. D. Morris, D. Counsel, W. L. Sidebottom, . A.. D. White, Jno. Gamble, Sam. Cowap^R. E. Tulline ; hon. treasurer. Mr, W.; J. Heaps; hon.' secretary, Mr* Willie Dix.: The T.T.C. rules were adopted, subject to alteration. , Mr. Heaps read, the sub scription list, from which it appeared that nearly £&7 was subscribed— a very credit able start. The committee, will require about £150 to make the meetings sucoess. The first meeting takes place on. St. Patrick's Day, March 17th. ., . . : The train arrangements for the, race days are very liberal, aswill. be seen ini pur advertising columns. On Saturday, 3rd inst., the booths were spld'kby Mr. W. T.Bell -at ; his. mart;, as.' under ;— :Committee . booth, ,'Mr.' .,- George. Hordet, Newstead Inn, £35; No. 1 booth, .Mr. H. EvanB, Coach and Horaes, £30; No. 2 booth, Mr. R. Smiley, £30 ; No, 3 booth, Mr. J. Maloriey, £27 ; No! ? 4 booth, Mr. H. Evans, £28 ;, also the , following refreshment stalls :— No. 1,' C . Mrs. Barrett, £5 ; No. 2, W. Jones, £3 ; ' ' No. 3, B. Anderson, £2 10s ; No. 4, H. ' Johnson, £1 6s ; No. 6, same purchaser, '':. 20s; No: 6, J. Johnson, £2 ; and the right '.. of stabling, Charles Baker, 20s. . ,;. 