CHAPTER XLIX. A DISCOVERY. Mr. Rennie had his hand on the door when he suddenly recollected something. " By-the-b ye, you used a phrase a few minutes ago,* Mrs. Sotheran, which I should like to have explained. It may be of no con sequence, but in a matter of this kind one should not leave a stone unturned. You said, and the remark showed your knowledge of human nature, that JaDe Lock wood could hardly have imagined herself deserted by Henry Peyton, or Bhe would not have been so solicitous to obey his injunctions. Now, what were those injunctions?" "I—they—I cannot tell you," gasped the widow; " I have told enough." "Pardon me, my dear madam, but you, whose feelings are so manifestly interested in the matter, can hardly be the best judge of that." " She was on her deathbed when she spoke to me, Mr. Rennie. If you had but seen her, and heard how .Bolemnly Bhe addressed me, in the presence only of her unconscious child." " I wish I had," said the lawyer gravely; " for then it would have been unnecssary to have put you to this pain. It is. remember, for the child's sake that I plead. " Would you have me break my promise to the dead? exclaimed the widow, clasping her trembling hands. " She may be looking on us even now?" The lawyer crossed his legs, and put his finger-tips together—his attitude when in structing counsel. " My dear Mrs. Sotheran, this matter has been fully argued, fought out, and Bettled. It is the case of the pious founder. He was generally anything but pious; a scoundrel, who, having lived disreputably, sought by a posthumous liberality which costhim nothing, to atone for his past misdeeds. But let us take the strongest case, and suppose hiin pious. Upon hiB deathbed (a very bad place, by the way, to arrange plans for the benefit of posterity) he made certain arrangements for the public good. Twenty years after wards (as in the present case),or twohuudred years—it doesn't matter—the circumstances with which he made these placs entirely alter; what he intended to be a benefit becomes a nuisance to everybody, and the law very properly steps in and makes them of no effect. No doubt Jane Lockwood meant to do her best for her little daughter; but how could she know that the girl would be one day under Beryl Peyton'B roof, and engaged to be married to your son ? You say that she may be looking on us even now. She possibly may; that is a question which not even the Court of Chancery has the power to settle. But even supposing she is a spectator, she is not a witness of whom we can make much. She is unable to inform us of her present wishes. We may take it for granted, however, that they are in favour of her child—that she desires us to do all we can to ensure her happiness. If what she said to you has no tendency to do so there will be nobarm done; what you tell me will then go in at one ear and out at the other. I have too much to do to interest myeelf, unless in the way of busi ness, in the affaire of any young woman, alive or dead. If, on the other hand, what you have to say is of importance to Mary Marvon, you may do hex a very grievous wiong by concealing it." It was Mr. Rennie's way to take a practical and commonplace view of most things—in which be now and then made a great mistake —but as it happened, he could not, under the circumstances, have adopted amore judicious line with his present companion. His cool ness, his confidence, and bis total want of sympathy with the morbid excitement under which she laboured, tended to steady her nerves. "After all," she answered, "what poor Jane Lockwood said to me was very little. But she left behind her a sacred charge. It was a desk, given her no donbt by the man who wronged her, while she still believed in him, and in her eyes of priceless value." "Nevertheless it was not, I conclude, an empty desk," observed the lawyer drily. I don't know—that is, of course I never opened it, Mr. Rennie," pleaded the widow vehemently, like one who is making his last stand against overwhelming odds; "I not only cave my word to that dying woman, but took heaven to witness that that desk should never he given up save to Henry Peyton." " A dead men at the time you made the promise, madam." " No matter; I cannot commit perjury." " (Still, unless you burn the desk and its contents, which would be a very strong measure, when you are dead and gone some one will open it." "After my death you shall burn it," said Mrs. Sotheran, with the air of one who bestows a favour. " Ypu are very g0obut that is a treat which must needs be reserved for your exe cutor. Is it possible, my dear madam, you do not perceive that Jane Lockwood laid this injunction upon you under the impression that her lover was alive, but that being dead you are placed in the position of his m in not opening that desk, iS&ai; li,|bUhaVe hegleyted a saered duty «vaM»«ilVW 1 SotLfeftii, for t&te; last , „ " Heaveh forgive me," ejaculated the poor lady, "1 Bever thought oi that;" and she burst into tears. " It is^Jihi of omission, my dear madam, said the *&wyer; soothingly, " which, consi dering tlie amount of active misdoing we commit, is not worth crying about. It is as it were but a portion of that peck of dirt which we are all said to eat in our lives with out knowing it. Such an error wonld be Eerious, however, if, being convinced of it, we did not make baste to repair it. I con clude you have got the key as well as the desk." " I have worn it round my neck for twenty years," replied the poor lady. " Sear me, that is being a trustee with a vengeance/' exclaimed the lawyer admir ingly. "I should clank like a ghost if I took such care of my clients' property as all that. The desk I suppose you hardly . Ah, in the sitting-room upstairs, is it? I will not trouble you to fetch it; we will go together." After such work to catch his fish, the lawyer was much too wise to let it 'out of his sight. He had seen too many, apparently well landed on the bank, disappear with a flap of their tails into the river. From a cupboard in the little drawing-room in which no one could think of looking for anything of importance, Mrs. Sotheran produced the desk, end gave the key to her companion. "I have your permission, I conclude, to open it," said Mr. Kennic with professional caution, " I have nothing to say to it one way or the other," replied the poor lady, wringing her hands; her superstitious fears aroused by the sight of the desk seemed to have once more gained possession of her. " The matter is now in your hands, and 1 will have nothing todowitbit," "Very good," returned the lawyer, not displeased with an arrangement which gave him liberty of action, untrammelled by illo gical scruples; " henceforth 1 will take the whole responsibility of it, and reserve to myself the right of communicating to you my discoveries or withholding them. In the desk there was but one piece of folded paper, which the lawyer opened, glanced at, and then quietly placed zo his pockethook. Mrs. Sotheran watched him with half averted eyes, as nervous folks look at a pre cipice. But when he began, " It's only a memorandum, which may or may not be of importance," she thrust her fingers into her earB. " I don't want to hear anything about it at all," she exclaimed with vehemence. "All right, madam, you shan't," bawled the lawyer. Then, dropping his voice, he added, "You are sure that it was in respect to that slip of paper that Jane Lockwood en joined secrecy. " I am quite sure." " She gave you the idea, I suppose, of a very self-sacrificing woman," said Mr. Rcnuie thoughtfully. " Yes, indeed ; she loved not wisely, but too well. She always seemed to me the .gentlest of created beings, and even to the last had not one word to say against the man that wronged her." "That was so, was it?" said the lawyer gravely. " And what are you going to do about it all, Mr. Hennie?" enquired the widow anxiously, as her companion rose from his chair. " How grave you look 1 Surely things are 110 worse than they were five minutes ago." " I don't know; 1 can't tell," said the other evasively. "Let it suffice you to learn that what I have found is of importance and ought to be known, and that to have con cealed it would have been to wrong the dead and the living." " Thank heaven for that, and you for your good advice," exclaimed the widow, fei vently; "I feel as if a mountain had been removed from me." As Mr. Hennie moved down the hill towards the Hall, you would have said that the mountain had been shifted to his own shoulders. His steps were slow, his brow was heavy with thought, and his lips moved uneasily. "If the man were like anybody else," they murmured, "we should have victory all alongthe line. But as it is, noone can tell how he ll take it." 