ABSENT-MINDEDNESS. (Oracle.) Tniä torras and causes of absent-minded- ness are numerous, and authenticated in- stances are easily supplied. But were we to detail them in methodical form, were we to speak of the Count de Brancas, Fuseli, Hogarth, La Fontaine, Newton, Socrates, and other persons of celebrity, we could do it only in a paper which would outrun the narrow limits of the Oracle. We eau, then, merely give tin instance or two at random of what is generally known as absent mindedness, premising that the one quality necessary to support the condition is an absorbing and all-surpassing interest. It is this frequently that, beyond doubt, destroys the balance of the mind, and leaves the sufferer a lunatic. It is this that ren- ders it impossible for an ordinary man, under ordinary conditions, to be absent minded ; ordinary man is without interest, without sympathy, and unless worked upon by some abnormal event, is incapable of emotion. He takes pleasure neither in nature nor science, neither in humanity nor education ; and he prides himself in that he differs from the absent-minded mail. Not that we mean to bestow praise on every form of what may often be, or at any rate be- come, as we have shown, a disease ; but it is well to cultivate a habit of communion with one's self. Without this a man is nota man ; he is at best but a copy of other men. Absent-mindedness is in its nature two- fold. It sometimes knows no second interest, is deaf to every claim ; and some- times it assumes ¡i form that is lather dotible-mindedness, and exhibits an extraor- dinary power of concentration. Such is the power that is seen to be so common with members of the Bar and with the most experienced debaters, who while carrying ona conversation with apparent earnestness, though it be in an undertone, are alive to the weighty arguments that ore meanwhile being adduced against the cause enlisting their sympathies- arguments which later on will require from them a thoughtful reply or an indignant repudiation. An instance in point, remarkable as it is well known, is offered by the conduct of our present Prime Minister, who in the course of a heated de- bate rendered the hymn "Kock of Ages, cleft for me," in Greek verse. But this is no example of abstraction pure and simple, such ¡is hits been seen over and over again in men who, like Edison, have shown them- selves so zealous in the interests of science that they have for days and weeks forgotten home callings and even bodily necessities ; who, like the martyrs of old, have been dull to physical pain in the joyfnl consciousness that they were testifying for the cause they loved ; who, like Grace Darling and the other noble spirits who have dared such deeds as hers have laid down their lives for the lives of friends and unknown brothers. But it is not to everyone that opportuni- ties snell ¡is these occur. Some are perforce content with an abstraction that offers in excuse somewhat less of abnegation, and find themselves in the position of an intelligent lady once known to us, aj¡.a loss to account for the reason that, when asked her name, she was utterly unable to give it. And yet it is clear that in this case, though evidently thinking of herself, she was not thinking of herself with an improper appreciation of her fame. Theie is, perhaps, not so much amusement, especially to the chief actor in the event, in the case of a gentleman, also known to us, who in speaking to a friend at the fireplace, saw ¡i coal the position of which displeased him and caused him lo remove it with his foot, although nnfortunatelyhis con- cern in the conversation prevented him from removing his foot until the fire had pene- trated through shoe and all, to the bared flesh. But if there was tin absence of mind in this, there was certainly an equal abstrac- tion in an episode we cull from the January number of the " Gentleman's Magazine.1' It is an episode of Lessing, who " suffered himself to be turned from his own door by a servant, not recognising him and denying that he was at home, with a ' Very well, no matter ; I'll call another time.' " Yet it is not without reason that, iii spite of his peculiarity, the title of " The Absent Man " fell par excellence on the Eev. George Harvest. This worthy individual, we are credibly informed, was engaged to marry the daughter of Compton, Bishopof London. The day was mimed, and the bride in readi- ness for the important ceremony. But the | groom came not ; fishing, he fished on till the canonical hourhad slipped by-slipped by, ¡is far as he and his intended were concerned, for ever. It is no more surprising that her indignation was such that she broke off the match with the man who could thus heart- lessly forget her on her wedding morn, than that that same man in after years was so treated for the same reason " by a second and equally offended bride." The case insensibly calls to mind that cited by Lord Campbell in his " Lives of the Chancellors," fortunately for the ladies one of considerable rarity. There the offender was " Serjeant Hill-supposed to be the greatest black letter lawyer since Maynard s time, and as much celebrated for his eccentricity as his learning." It is stated of him that on his wedding night, going to his chambers in the Temple, he continued there " reading cases till next morning." He Thought of tho year books and forgot his bride. And this case is analogous to that of Edison, who on his wedding night and for the following night or two failed to remember that he had a wife ; and is in its eccentricity to be compared to an incident given in the Publisher's Circular for the 1st May. Citing Truth on this subject, it adds : " Pictured in an old engraving in our possession, en- titled 'Mental Abstraction,' there is a reader, sitting by the fire with his break- fast waiting for him, who is so engrossed in Ids book that he is calmly boiling his watch ¡uni holding the egg in his hand to count the minutes necessary for the due settlement of the yolk." < Perhaps were we to conclude our paper introductory ¡is it is-at this point, it would be deemed incomplete, inasmuch as there is a lack of variety in the callings of the affected persons, and in the incidents re- vealed. We therefore propose to offer five other instances-extracted from the lives of an actor, ¡i dramatist, a merchant, a poet, 'and a statesman. The first we gather from " Angelo's Reminiscences," and it is given on the authority of Bannister. It is to the effect that an Irish manager, playing the character of King Henry in Richard III., after delivering himself Jöf the speech com- mencing Oh thou, whoso unrolonting thoughts Not all tho hideous terrors of thy guilt can shako Whoso conscience with thy body over sleons sleep on !- " remained, as usual, for some time in silence. Then, seized with one of his not infrequent fits of absence, he availed himself of the favourable opportunity afforded him of counting the house. In another minute he uttered, with evident joy : "Sixteen pounds two in the boxes ; three pounds ten in the pit ; gallery, seventeen thirteens ?" The prompter was frantic-all of no use. Tho manager, sublimely unconscious, stuck to his calculations and his snuff, which he had .now resorted to. It was enough-too much, lfhe prompter rang his bell, and the ghost of Ht'ury VI. sank ignominiously through his trap'- With his disappearance we will turn to .vnother manager, a dramatist and M.P., the celebrated Richard Brinsley Sheridan- Buring a conversation with his sist&t;') in which lie was deeply interested, he " took up a pair of ruflles, which she had just worked at the expense of much tirme and pains, as a gift for her father, and wilth a pair of scissors, which chanced to be u pon the table, gave them a snip for every vv.ord, till the communication and tlie ruffles wei 'e ¡it end together." This was a destructive, i\ not costly, abstraction, which, in this respeeiN compares ill with the creative genius of the merchant referred to by M. H. Lucombe de j?rezel. Not without a family, he was called Oil, in due season, to sign the baptismal certificate of one of his children. It was the work of a moment to inscribe "Pierre - et compagnie." He was not long in finding ot.'t the error of his way, but " il îîe s' apperçut de la sottise que par la risée générale qu'elle excita." The instance we recall of a poet-none other than Dante-is uot so laughable, but it has an interesting phase. He is said to have gone to a bookseller's shop, with the view of obtaining a sight of a public pro- cession that was to pass its window ; but taking up a book, he became so engrossed in its contents that, when he closed it, he was unconscious the procession had passed. But as truly as there was an end of that, so shall there be an end to the specimens of absent-mindedness we adduce with one we clip from " Hand and Heart" for 31st De- cember, 1880. Speaking of "Signor de Sanctis, the Italian Minister.of Education, whose inenUd abstraction is become, since he accepted office, a matter of public notoriety," it says : " Only the other day it was his duty to present several documents of importance to King Humbert for his Majesty's signature. The King, cognisant of his trusted coun- cillor's peculiarity, and happening to be in an unusually jocular mood, handed him back one of the 'decrees unsigned. De' Sanctis returned the document mechani- cally to his portfolio, and was only aroused to the consciousness that he had been guilty of some blunder by an outburst of royal laughter. As soon as he became aware of what had taken place, he hastened to lay the paper again before the King, who signed it ; whereupon De Sanctis, in his confusion and annoyance, mistook the ink bottle for the sand box, and, instead of strewing sand upon the ioy.il sign manual as prescribed by etiquette, emptied the contents of the ink- stand over the King's while trousers, to the uncontrollable hilarity of the good- natured monarch." Till- Townsville Bulletin thus refers to the Gympie, the latest addition to the Q S S Com- pany s fleet -This vessel, built specially for trading between this pott and tho shallow iivcis to tho north, is worthy of a woid 01 two of desciiption ¡bho vi as built by the Camp- belltown Ship Building Company, Glasgow-, to the oidei of Messrs Burns, Philp, and Co, and has since been transfcii ed to the Q S & Com- pany She is built of steel, is schooner i lggcd, 120ft long with 22ft beam, Sft depth of hold, and has compound surface condensing engines (from Messrs Dunistnuse and Jackson's GovanWoiks, Glasgow) of 45 lip (nominal), with all the latest uupiovcments ¿lie is 220 tons gioss, and has every convenience for re- ceiving and discharging cargo When fully loaded she draws Sft, and she consumes eight tons of co ii pet day Her passengoi accommo dation is much supei 101 to that of any other vessel of hoi size and desciiption tiadmg vwth the poits The saloon, which extends the full width of tho vessel, is midships, and is very îoomy considering her sue It is lined with buds eye maple, with teak panels and gold cornices, and his a neat ippcarauco She has accommodation for twenty baloon passengers, and, moreover, a ladies' cabin withfoui berths, batlnoom, &c; Theio is also a bathroom for gentlemenpassengeis, besides captains c-ibin, pan ti y, &,c Accommodation is also piowdcd for eight passengers m the second cabin, and there is loom for sixty on deck. The quarters for tho men are also comfortable and loomy. The appearance of the Gympie is pleasing, and she is in every îespect suited to the ti ade to which sho is to bo dev oted Hei speed on the trial ti îp was 9J tvnots, but as her huh is vol j foul it is not expected sho will be able to steam moto than about S knots until she has boen docked In threo weeks sho proceeds to Brisbane foi this purpose, vi hen she will be thoroughly overhauled and sundry minor alterations which have been suggested since hei arnv al clEcctcd On her retui n she w ill be permanently put on the line bctwem here and the Johnstone Rivei.whcn a trip along the coast will no longer be regaided in the light of a painful necessity The Gympie is under the command of Captain Clarke, late of the Q S S, Company s steamer Gunga, in whose hands it is felt sure she vv ill be made to do her best for her owneis and the public Till. Northern Al gus of Monday last pub- lishes the following in connection with the wieck of the barque Ceres -" It will be seen in our telegrams that a boat containing the chief officer and foui of the eiew of the barque Ceres amved in Keppel Bay v csteiday, and rc poi ted that the vessel had boen wrecked on the 5th instant on the Bampton Reefs while on a voyage from Melbourne to Java The master, who was in another boat w ith hve meo, p irtcd company on tlie 10th, and steering due west it wassupposcdhe would fetch Mackay. When the boats parted they vi ore all w eil and it is pi obable they nave already reached the coast, tor there has been a fine light breeze for the last few days. The Bampton Reefs are situated a long distance outside the Great Barrier, and not far fiom New Caledonia they are 320 miles in a direct north cast line fo Cape Capricorn, and have ilready been the means of moie than one disaster, a brig having been wrecked on them some j ears since the crew coming into Mackay in a boat, rho charts say that the east and north east patts of these reefs are not surveyed, which probably accounts foi the wreck There is no danger to bo anticipated regarding the captain s boat, as there has been splendid weather outside, and we shall doubt- less soon hear of her armai" THE Wagga Express of the 11th instant says -"A sad accident, likely to lead to an untimely end, befel a drover named Michael Leahy on Sunday morning .Leahy had for some months past been engaged by Mr Hann travelling sheep, and being in the habit of camping out was not accustomed to sleep in a house Being used to rising at 4 o'clock in the morning to relieve the sheep watch, he jumped out of his bed and mechanically walked over the balcony, falling on the path beneath The noise caused by the fall awoke some of the in- mates of the house, who went to the unfor- tunate man's assistance, and had him con veyed to the hospital From what can be gathered, it appeared that Leahy walked in his sleep on this occasion, although he did not enjoy the immunity from accident which chaiactenses somnambulistic occurrences .His lnjuries, which consisted of a fractuted spine, were attended to by Dr Piercy, but the patient now lies in a very critical state." ÎÎFVV gas vi oiks aie about to bo constructed m Winnepcg, Canada, on a scale for supplying a city of 100,000 inhabitant«. A no1 E of cast steel has just been sent by the Rocbhngs fiom their mills in Trenton to San Francisco It is 20,440ft long, its diameter is lim , and its weight 51,0001b It was put in two box cars, each open at one end, half the rope m one cai and a hulf in another, but m a continuous coil Tlie rope is foi use ona street traction radway in Sim Francisco OID mon, tottering round from rheumatism, kidnej trouble, or any -weakness will be made almost new by uslii« Hop Bitters ircelj. Read. 