WARKViHBOOLa (from ocr ow>- oorrespokdekt.) January 29. Anything in the Ehape of hounding down a subject who has been indiscreet, an offender against the laws, a criminal if you will, when he has determined to become honest and to con form to the law s of the land, is an abomination in the right of a Britisher. The antecedents of our poor wooden-legged chemist have bees raked up in the Police Court from time to time tfil I am inclined to think that he is as much tinned against as tinning, and perhaps a little more. He had to do Pentridge for an alleged offence which is so remunerative to the medicos of tbe metropolis, an«J, in the meantime, his name was erased from the Pharmaceutical register as a chemist, because be failed to pay up his dues. Now tbe society refuse to allow him to be put on tbe register ; on what grounds I know not. He is a skilful dispenser, and in that respect equal to the other gentlemen whose names appear in the register, and to withhold from him the privi lege of being inscribed is to keep from him the privilege of 1'ring. Now, are there any laws or law on the Statnte book of this fair which can be msde to operate so as to crush a man out of ex;sience? The crime of Xettleton truly summed up is that he dispenses cheap medicine and cheaper advice, and be is there- fnro K/ififf-fcr a/tpr hv 4w» tump. ThmnA dinn. and probably nasty, hie medicine is reported to be good, and his advice too, though perhaps a fictitious vain is ascribed to it. Be tbat as it may, be has effected some cures, and if be has killed a few people, he has only complied with the exigencies of tbe pharmacopeia. . But he is not legally qualified to -»o this, and sotbe pro fession comes down upon him, and he, in con sequence, comes up before the magistrate, and is fined and threatened, and told to close up his shop. That is all very well, or rather, it is very ill, for be eanoot close tbe mouths of h» cbi-dreo, unless he adopts the Borgian method with his stock in-trade. Honestly, I think tbe man should be allowed to live, and to help others to live. Gentlemen of the Pharmaceuti cal Board, doirt be mean ! Put the wooden- legged old sinner on the Register, and don't come 160 miles for the purpose of depriving a poor, much -married, old man of a livelihood ! "Gamb'ing" was the theme of a leader m onr local paper the other day, and it has been the theme of execration amongst a section of the community ever since. We do not like haviDg our faults or vices paraded. It is, never- thelft, true that there is a good deal of gam bling carried <»n here. It is only in a few cse£ that It is practised to excess, bat it has hid the effect of frightening viators, and of obtaining for us an unenviable reputation. I know of one little den, a little off one of the main streets, where bootmakers from the fac- t-iries, batchers'' boys, apprentices, and so forth, assemble nightly, and gamble, and swear, and blaspheme ina way that w.>nld render a nervous man bald in no time. The premises are rented by the operatives, and they invite their friend. id an apartment, eo tilled with smoke that tbe two candles which are on the table are sufficient to illuminate only a small radius, congregate some dozen or more youths. There they gamble sightly, and lay the foundation of an almost inetadicable vice. We find them at th- hotels shortly "chipping in" with their betters. Our active and energetic constable could make a grand haul here with impunity, if he would only find tbe "chink !" The segregation ot estates is as useless as Mr. Berry's bursting-up policy, if the lands of the colony are not opened up by railways, tram ways, or even roads. The 17,000 acres of the Kangatong and Warroug estates, which were offered the other d«y at the Commercial Hotel, contained euine good land enough, but it is too fur from the ports, the markets of the Western district seaboard, and therefore it is relatively depreciated in value. There are thousands upon thousands of the finest agricultural land one could desire, mixed, of course, with inferior and tolerably good, but which will never be put to their proper uses till tbe country is reticu lated with means of transport. A thread or two of train ways would have a great populating effect in tbi6 district. However, with respect to the estates above mentioned, the farming community were disinclined to come up to vendors' values, and after the sale of a few hundred acres, tbe land was withdrawn. The pick of the land would sell readily enough, but one lot of good would not be sold without another lot, inferior, was disposed of, and so the sale missed fire. There is a probability of a good deal of it being disposed of privately. Another estate, one of 5000 acres, at Garvoc, the property of Mr. C. B. fisher, has changed hands. Mr. J. W. Anderson, who was formerly of the firm of Hacgregor and Co. here, has effected the purchase, I bear, with some others, for the purpose of speculation, by cutting the land up into farms. I am told that one dairyman and farmer in the neighbourhood is panting for the land. The Warrnambool Co-operative Com- pany hare been casting np their accounts, and the present the anomaly of a new venture oat ! of monetary difficulties, and paying in a most remarkable manner. After declaring 10 ner cent per annum, the sum of £435 is earned for ward. Preliminary expens-a have all been paid for out of profits, and they have enough money earned, forward to half pay for their Property, which is a good realisable asset at any tame. The company has been exceptionally fortunate, first in getting their premises end plant eo cheap, in meeting with such a favourable year for traffick ing in grain as their initul year was, and thirdly io having such an excellent manager aa j -Mr. Marfell, who is working the concern ad mirably. The town just now is foil of visrtora. The principal hotels have be n crowded for weeks. A lot of invalids ace amongst tbe etrangera, and ! they appear to enjoyttie really beautiful weather we are jn-t now experiencing, but Warrnambool weather is so fickle. Tbe b&ths; are bei g ex tensively patronised, tbe hot water baths with much good effect in many nuirrr The Bohemian cricket- re came on Thursday, and played with onr club on Friday and Satur day. On the first day the Bohemians made 102, which score was just equslled by the Club, when all were out. In the evening the visitors were entertained at shall given in their honour at the Odd Fellows' HaR The game was resumed on Saturday, when the Bohemians scored KB, and Warrnambool 76, thus loaing by 27 runs. Helpman, the Club's colt of the season, dis tinguished himself by carrying out his bat- having been the fifth man to so in— far n patiently got 43. In these days of theoaophy, ghost stories, and virions, if not miracles, are rapidly coming into belief. A bagman, or ragman, or commercial traveller, or all three, encountered the super natural tbe other night in a manner which unhinged bis nerves somewhat. Being surcharged with sleep, and feeling seedy, he retired early — that is, early for a commercial traveller. He dreamed hard, and towards the small hours he was in that transitional period when the active brain strives to arouse the slumbering body. Suddenly, in response to come occult influenoe, the sleeper started up in bed, and then beheld a riit which tranfired him with terror. The chamber was : with a yellowy 4>lue sulphurous light, and there nt the foot of thebedqjpeared the upper portion of a figure. It was a familiar form too. some thing like the terror-striken commercial e dead grandfather, or some other deTnnct member of his family. But it look-d as If it had comeup from Hades, or wherever its abiding place was, in a terrible fright. ItV hair stood on end, it's eyes protruded, and its month was wide open. Ilt appeared to speak in answer to the com mercial's hysterical query — " Who the — an yon?" In the desperate energy of his increasing horror, the occupant of the 'bed grasped » 1 pillow, and threw it with sll lus might at the ghostly visitant The -apparition vamabed instantly, but a temfic crash followed. It wu aa though the content, of noodony rtiop had been cast indiscriminatelyinto tfce, room,- 3h ; landlord, landlady, terants,fu»a n fow dodged mentE, witter jugs and other &rticleB; <Ze chambrt were Ijing in fragments, and the floor sras. wuDped in vaier. A hearty langfa followed when u was discovered £h£ "the ghoss wbs the eonuneraaTs own image reflected mtbe looking- glssE by. the foH moon, when be roe vp in bed m snddenly fresh from. 4he rolototdromisiid.' Tbe bagman dSdn& laugh tiim he found he had' topaj£72s9d, forhrs 1 mna>- meat. 