It' wsb supposed that tbe arrangement made by tbe Governments of New South "Wales and Victoria,' with respect to the changing, stations at Wodonga and Albnry, would give general satisfaction ; bnt it ap pears that this supposition is something of a mistake. Tbe agreement come to is that there shall be two stations, eo that the trains from Yicloria will be run on to Albnry, and those from New Sontb "Wales bo ran through to Wodonga, tbe passengers from either side changing -trains in accordance with this arrangement. Nothing fairer or more conve nient conld have been agreed to ; bnt accord ing to a report of a meeting held in Albnry on Monday, and which we published yesterday, it appears that if an interested section of tho residents of Albnry can have their- way, tho Governments of the two colonies will have to alter tlieir programme or ran tho risk of having the uninterrupted com- mnnicntion between New South Wales and Victoria out in two at the Murray. This wonld be something serions to contemplate, were it not that the movement set on foot at Albnry is so manifestly selfish and pre posterous that it is not likely to receive the slightest consideration in high quarters, either in Sydney or Melbonrne. Tbe report states that " a meeting to protest against tho pro- " posed establishment of two changing " stations for tho janotion of tbe Wodonga- " Albnry railway extension was' held in " Albnry on Monday, the mayor of the town " presiding. Mr. Day, the member for " Albnry, made a violent attack upon the " Now South Wales Government for giving " in their adhesion to the scheme, which was " considered an abBnrdity by tbe oOfioials of " both colonies." Of course, the mayor of Albnry might be expected to take the chair at snch a meeting, end it is, perhaps, not surprising that Mr. Day shonld advocate the caase of his consti tuents — or that limited section of them who are personally interested in this matter, which so far as the Albnry meeting is concerned, is a pnrely publicans' question. There are a few shillings or pounds expended by the pas- eengers travelling by tho overland trains, and Mr. Day is anxious that tbey should all fall into the coffers of bie friends at Albnry. Mr. Lyne, the representative of tho Humo, was also present at the meeting, and 6npported the views of hie friend Mr. Day ; and tbe action of the two gontlemcn suggests the idea that their two constitncnoies shonld be amalgamated, and that they shonld hence forth be koown as the lion . members for the Albnry publicans. Mr. Day predicted that if tho object of the meeting was not attained, the line be tween Albnry and Wodonga would be takeu up within 12 months. Hero is a terrible alternative snbmitted for tbe consideration of the Minister for Poblio Works for NewSonth Wales and the Minister of Railways in Victoria ! According to Mr. Day, the Albnry publicans must have a monopoly of the trade in steakB, chops, and nobblers, or the intercolonial communication just about to bo established will-bo a 12 months' abortion ; and instead of travellers between the two colonies being carried over the Murray in . comfortable railway carriages, they will have to put up with a return to the aocomiiioda- lion afforded by lumbering "omnibuses over crowded with ladies and gentlemen and filthy dmnkards. Mr. Day is wont to be sensible, bnt bis desire to curry favour with the Albury people mast have got the better of his common sense, otherwise he would not have talked snch consummate bunkum as to say that uuless there is a changing station at Albnry only, the line between there and Wodonga would be taken up. Who would lift it? Does he suppose that either the Government of this colony or of Victoria wonld resort to such a dog-in-tbe-manger policy ? Would Mr. Day himself sanction it ? It is all very well for him to talk snch twaddle in order to catch the ear of the Albury groundlings, but we give him credit for better sense than to suppose for a moment that he would bo a consenting party to taking up the Albury- Wodonga junction rails, because the overland passengers could not do all their eating and drinking on this sido of tbe Murray; for not withstanding tbe resolution passed at tbe Albnry meeting, ibis is what the whole " pother" amounts to. The resolution pro tested against the scheme of two changing stations " as prejudicial to the interests of " both colonies as well as tbo travelling "public." This reads very intercolonially patriotic, but unfortdhately" for" this" view of the matter the report discloses at a later "itage'that the " interests of ;both colonies" arid those of " tbo travelling public" merely mean the interests of Albnry. Thus we read that " among the grounds upon which tbe " motion was based was the fact that Albury, " being the larger towni could offer better " accommodation for travellers." The " ac- "commodation for travellers" required at either Albury or Wodouga is merely the supply of a good meal during tbe two hoars' I stay at tbe changing station, and we are not : aware that in 'this item of creature comforts j travellers are likely to be any better cared for I on thiB side of tbe Mnrray than on tbe other. ! Certainly nothiDg could tend to extend the | starvation system of catering which prevails > on the New Sontb Wales lines than to give a monopoly to an Albnry railway-station pur- j veyor; and it is only fair to travell»T3 that if i tbey have to fare upon cold lean chops or j stale sandwiches between Sydney aod the | Mnrray, they shonld have the chance to get 1 a good "square meal" on tbe other side- of j the dividing river. j Apart from this " inner man " aspect of , the question, there can be no reasonable i difference of opinion aB to the equity and - convenience of the arrangement whereby the ; trains from Sydney shall rnn through to Wodonga, and those from Melbourne through to Albnry-. If there is any advantage in a ohanging station it is only fair to divide it, and the convenience of travellers will surely be better served by making a clear start from Wodonga for Melbonrne than if the trains left Albnry, and bad to be detained at Wodonga to take in the Victorian passengers and mails. The people of Wodonga might - jast as reasonably set up a claim to have the j only changing station there. Tbey are : apparently, however, less selfish than their . Albnry neighbours, or, perhaps, they have | more sense than to agitate for a monopoly, which it is qnite certain neither the public . nor the Government of cither colony wonld , sanction. " j Whatever may bo the true value of Messrs, ! Morris and Bankc-n'a late investigations into 1 the woiking of our laud bws — and that can only be correctly determined after set ing tin frni's of tboir labours side by sido with ; ih 'r cist to the country — it is not to ba mai veiled at that the Minister for LandB felt : nrged to exercise a " jodicions discretion," and expnnge from tbe report certain material ' portions. True, it may be that, minus tho excised particles, tbe report is like an un- lODgced M'Elhocc — shorn of its main source of strength; bnt it is equally true that Mr. Farnell, and the Government of which he is a member, would have fonnd the i report in (jloto a handicap that it would be ! injudicious not to discard. At the very j dawn of the session there were not wanting I members of the Assembly, representing both j sides of tho House, who protested againBt Parliament delegating its functions to the | board of inquiry, into which Messrs. Morris and Ranken were so unexpectedly transformed. To satisfy the protest against any encroachment on the unctions of the House, Mr. Farnell felt hitnsclf called upon to explain that " no formal commission was " issued to these gentlemen," and that " their ; " authority was verbal — from myself." At a ; laier date, when Mr. Heydon wished to in clude himself, and Messrs. M'Elhono aud | Barbour, in tbo commission, Mr. Farnell I was explicit in bis definition of the ) duties of tbe board of two, who held their commission under virtoe of _ this verbal appointment. He explained that their mission was to collect certain facts — to compile certain information which -it was necessary himself and all other honourable members should possess beforo they at tempted to frame a Land Bill. By way of particularising their relations with the Go vernment, Mr. Farnell dubbed 'them, in tbe light of Lib verbal appointment, as " clerks " and statisticians," and in order to still fur ther illustrate tho limited character of the. authority with which tbey were vested, he added, " It doeB not matter much who is " appointed ; any man oi ordinary intelligence " and a faculty for collecting information " wonld bo competent." It has thus re mained for Mr, Farnell to learn that some- times an "inch" of authority begets an " ell" of results — an example which should cogently convey to the minds of politicians the lesEon of bow dangerous it is to create commissions on verbal authority, that may be either disputed or exceeded, when there exists a Parliament by wbom the required appointment, defined and delineated, could be authorised. Altlioogh " any man of " ordinary intelligence" wonld havo suited the task, yet tbe main mischief to the Minis terial mind is that the intelligence of the gentlemen appointed did not halt at the ordinary level, bnt was abnormal enongh to exceed tho scope of their trust. By so doing (though actuated, we aro free to admit, by seemingly patriotic motives) tbey impaled their author on the horns of a disagreeable dilemma. Had Mr. Farnell sanctioned the publication of their pronounced inferences, his Laud Bill must either coincide with theso inferences, or show a marked i dissent. In the one caso tho Ministry would i be exposed to tho chargo of evading their j obligations to the people of the oonntry (who j promoted them to power ou certain definite | trusts) by fathering, at second-baod, a Bill I that would be regarded as tbe bantling of the commission. In the other case their dissent would confirm the logic of those honourable members who denounced tho commission as prejndiced and incompetent. Mr. Farnell applied the prnning- knife in time to avert the dilemma, and the respective actions of himself and of the twin commissioners serve -their tnrn by asserting tho impolicy of creating irresponsible boards of inquiry upon momentous State questions at tha breath of a Minister instead of with the concurrence of Parliament. ' The Intercolonial Postal Conference has terminated, and it may now be fairly said of it that, so far as New South Wale3 is concerned, its proceedings have been shrouded in the mystery of a North American medicine man, and tho secrecy of an assassina tion society. When the meetings of the con ference commenced, the representatives of tho Sydney newspapero were informed officially, with gratuitous openness, that a precis of each day's proceedings would bo supplied to the Press for publication. This promiso blossomed into a curious performance. Tbo Press repre sentatives wero doily pormitted to cool thoir heels in u draughty corridor and mako gnesses at when tlio confcrenco would break up. When it did break up, Mr. Stuart was always ready with an explanation that _ Mr. Budge, the Secretary, would furnish all information ; and the obliging Mr. Budge as a rule furnished tbe information that there was nothing to tell, or handed a printed document giving the baro resolutions arrived at to tho representatives of tbo public journals present. Tho delegates from other colonies acted quite differently, and the Melbourne Argue and Mclbourno Age were enabled, thanks plainly to Mr. Berry's proper want of reticence, to give daily a fair report of tho proceedings of the confcrenco. Now, tho objectionable part of this matter is as follows: — If the Press had been admitted to report the proceedings of the confcrenco no complaint could bo made by a nowapaper of want of in formation. If, again — tho Press being oxclnded — they had been informed that, in regard to obtaining information, it was a caso of " devil " take the hindmost," at least all newspapors would lmvo started fairly and without a handi cap. But when tho Press was informed by tile New South Wnles Government that reports would be furnishod, and theso reports dwindled to suppressions, or mere bald records, then a manifest injn&tico; was dono to tboso who trusted that Government. It is becoming pain fully evident that tho New South Wales Ministry regard the Press as an obnoxious insti tution. So it is to those who desire to work in secret. It is a pity that our Government should lmvo acted in such a way as to put tho people of New South Wales in a worse position in respect to tho doings of tho conference than tho peoplo of tho other colonies.. It this cxtremo reticence is to bo observed in the future, the best way to report a conference at Sydney would bo to send a staff of reporters to Melbourne. The gratifying feature about tho adjourned meeting of the Drapers' Association held on Wednesday evening, was tho conciliatory man ner in wluch employers met the requests of employees. Not a single employer opposed tho principle of enabling an employeo to havo some time outside of Sunday for rest and recrea tion during the week. The only difference of opinion that existed was as to tho exact period at which this time for rest and recreation should come in, and as a matter of fact this differ ence of opinion was caused rather by local cir cumstances than by any desire on the part of employers to keep their assistants unduly tied to the counter. Thus, one gentleman frankly owned that quite thirty per cent, of his takings wero received after six p.m., and this gentleman being thus compelled as it seemed to him to keep open late at night, recompensed "his employees by giving each of them a half-holiday once a week, beginning at midday. Indeed, from all that was said on Wednesday night, it was made plain that tho drapers' at present aro acting from individual ideas and individual experiences as to tbe hours during which they should keep open, and profess every desire to still give their assistants EOine time during tho week which shall bo called their own. At the same time it would bo just as well if the drapers took the remarks of Mr. Riley into consideration. As he put it, if all shops closed earlier, the public would be forced to purchase earlier. That is exactly the result that will have yet to he ar rived at. If employers would only recognise that by adopting a uniform hour of closing, the public would get into uniform habits of making purchases, there would be -little or no necessity for early closing movements. But unfortunately one draper finds that by keeping open to a lato hour he docs a largo amount of Inn-incsE, because a neighbour closes early and 1 ;i zy purchasers become aware that they may obtain what they require at tho lato closing I ( ; tablishment. True, the late closing gcntle- : man makes up the diilerenco by giving his employees a weekly half-holiday. But aupposo : all drapers' shops adopted, us lias been said, a ! i rifoim time of closing, wouhl not all interests : i . c vr. i identical, nr.d the public bo compelled to mako their purchases at proper times ? This is what the present movement must result in, bnt stiii, so far aa matters havo gono, great pro gress has keen made. Our cable messages state that the Peruvian Government have accepted the Chilian terms of peace, whereby the provinces of Tacna and Arica have been ceded to Chili for a period of 10 years, at tbe end of wbicb time n plebiscite of the in habitants is to be held to determine whether the provinces are to be restored to Pern. Fitz Harris, alia t "Skin the Goat," for complicity in the Dublin murders, has been sentenced to penal ser vitude for life. Daniel Delaney and Thomas Martin, two' other of the prisoners arraigned for complicity in tbe murders of Lord P. Cavendish and Mr Burke, havo confessed to tbe charge of conspiring to murder. At a meeting of the National Land League a resolution was passed protesting against the action of biB Holiness Pope Leo XIII, in mixing in Irish politics. The Shin- wanis, the Afghan hill tribe, who have been' a trouble to tbe Ameer, and who were recently de feated, renewed their hostility, but were again defeated with great loss. This last reverse baS had a good effect, and tbey are now tendering tbeir submission to the Ameer. Humours were rife yesterday as to tbe intentions of Government regarding tbe appointment of a Minister for Public Works. Of the peoplo who knew all about it, Eome would have it that Mr Copcland was lo be re-appointed. Others again soggcslcd that Mr Wright would take tbe port folio, nnd that 5Ir Jacob would sncceed him a3 Postmaster-General, with a scat in tbo Upper Houre. And yet again it waa suggested that Mr Jacob would take tbe office of Minister for Works, with a Beat in tbe Legislative Council. The immigrant ahip Allansbaw waB towed from' the Quarantine Ground to Neutral Bay yesterday. The single girls were landed during the afterooon, nnd taken to the depot. A portion of tho re mainder will probably be landed to-day. Tbe Immigration Board will meet to-morrow on board tho Allansbaw, for the purpose of examin ing the immigrants who are to be released from quarantine. The vessel has been detained for a much longer period than is usnal for almost purely climatic reasons, the weather having been so unsettled and unfavourable that it has been impossible to go throngh tbe usual ablutionary processes in a shorter period, and added to this an outbreak of sickness has also occurred which bss even now necessitated the detention of some of tbe immigrants with their attendants in the station at North Head. The ship Lcchce, with immigrants from Ply mouth for Sydney, passed Wilson's Promontory at noon yesterday, 71 days out. She will probably reach bere on Sunday next, We are informed that a cable message has been received, stating that vessels going home via the Suez Canal, and calling at Aden, are liable to be quarantined for eight days at Port Said. Captain Brown and the crew of the American barque Illic arrived yesterday morning by the . steamer Egmont from Brisbane. Tbe veBsel struck on a reef on March -1, when entering tha Indispen sable Straits, on tbe noitb-west coast of the Isiind of Gnadaloanar (Solomon Group). She was alter- warda beached, 'and being unsenworthy, the captain and crew abandoned her and took to the boats. After being two days and two nights at Bea in tbe boats, tbey were eventually picked up by tbe ketch Lotus, of Sydney. That vessel landed them at Uji, and from there tbey were conveyed in 11.51, schooner Lark to Brisbane. A fuller account ap pears elsewhere. The nominations for tbe vacancies for Gipps' nnd I'billip Wards in tbe 5Iunicipal Council of Sydney close at noon to-dny. The only candi dates ns yet announced are Messrs Hart and Meeks. 5Ir I'. F. Hart, a candidate for Gipps Ward in the City Council, will address the ratepayers at the Hibernian Hotel, Cumberland-street, to-mor row evening. Lost evening n committee meeting was held in bis behalf, which was largely attended by bis supporters. A requisition, asking him to stand . for tbe ward, appears in our advertising columns. Mr Fremlin, the member for Redfern, who is nfcout changing his residence, was entertained at a banquet on 5londay evening last, at the Sir Joseph Bonks Hotel, by tbe residents of Botany. About thirty gentlemen sat down to nn excellent repast, served in Mr Frank Smith's best style. Tbe Hon. Jobn Sutherland, M.L.C., occupied the chair, and Mr John Geddes, sen,, J.P., filled the vice chair. After the usual loyal toasts had been duly honoured, Mr H. Wcstcott, in an ex cellent and well-timed speech, proposed the toast of tbe evening, " Our Guest." Mr Frem lin suitably responded, arid in tbe course of his remarks said that, although he was removing bis residence from Botany, he would still be at tbe call of tbe electors, as a letter written to bim at any time would command bis immediate atten tion. Ho concluded by thanking thosu present for tbe kindly feeling evinced towards him that evening, and trusted his future conduct would always be such as to merit their approbation. The next toast was "The Parliament of New South Wales," proposed by the Vice-chairman, nnd responded to by tbe Hon. John Sutherland, "M.L.C., and Mr Poole, 5I.L.A. Mr Craig then proposed, "Our local industries," and Messrs John Walsh nnd Jobn Geddes, Een., replied. The proceedings was brought to a termination by the Chairman proposing, "Our next happy meet ing," wbich was drunk in a most enthusiastic manner. After this the company separated, hav- i ing spent a very enjoyable evening. I Tbe now trial motion of Toohey v. Commissioner (or Bailways (part heard), occupied tbe attention of the Banco Court a great part of yesterday, their Honors tbe Chief Justice, Sir George Innes, and Mr Justice Windeyer presiding. Mr Darky, Q.C., and Mr Pilcher, instructed by MessrB Blattery and Heydon, for the plaintiff ; 5Ir Stephen, Q.C., nnd Mr C. B. Stephen, instructed by the Crown Solici tor, appeared to Bhow cause. In this case 5Iargaret Toohey, as administratrix of the estate of ber hus band, Michael Toohey, on behalf of herself and seven children sued the defendant for damages for injuries caused to her late husband by the defend ant's negligence in driving and conducting a tram, by wbich ber husband was killed on December 13, 1882\. The enso was tried before Mr Jnstiee Fancettanda jury of four on the same month, when a verdict was given for defendant. The present motion was for a now trial on tho grounds (1), that the Tramway Act did not anthoriso the running of steam motors in tbe streets of Sydney ; and (2), that the verdict was againBt the evidence. After hearing tbe arguments, wbicb were of great length, the Court reserved its decision. Tbe coec of Cox v. Sala was beard iu tho Banco Court yesterday, before Sir James 5Iaitin, Chief Justice, Sir George Innes, and 5fr Justice .Win deyer ; Mr Pilcber, instructed by Mr T. H. llellyer, for tho plaintiff ; and Mr Bogers, in structed by Messrs RuEsell and Sons, for defendant. This case bad been tried nt Batburst, when plain tiff brought an action against defendant for false imprisonment and malicious prosecution, the jury finding a verdict for the plaintiff, with £100 damages, on the first count, and for the defendant on the second count. Tbe present was a motion for a rale nisi for a new trial, on the grounds that the verdict was against tbe evidence, and tbe damages were excessive. The Chief Justice said that on the ground of tho verdict beiDg against tbe evidence ho was against granting tbo rule, but be wsb of opinion that uuless tbe plaintiff consented to reduce tbe amount of damages to £50 the rule ought to go. Mr Justice Windeyer could not agree with tbo view taken by tbe Chief Justice, aud waB of opinion they should not intorfero with tbe view taken by tbe jury in a ease of this kind. Sir George Innes agreed with Mr Justice Windeyer that the court should be careful in disturbing verdicts, except on very strong grounds, but here the damages were clearly excessive, and, under tbe circumstances in this case, the court was justified in granting the rale, unless the plain tiff reduced his damages to £50. The whole affair aroBe out of a dispute, in which the plaintiff seemed to bo to blamo as well as the defendant ; but there was imprisonment, though the prosecu tion was withdrawn. The court granted the rule on tho ground of excessive damages, unless the damages were rednccd to £50. In the Equity Court yesterday, before Mr Justice Fauceti, the caso of Lailey v. Luke (part beard) was concluded. Mr Gordon, Q.O., and Mr Knox, instructed by Mr B, W. Thompson, of Mnit- land, for the plaintiff ; Mr Owen, Q.O., and Mr O' J. llanniDg, instructed by 5Ir Young, of 5Iaitland, for the defendant. This was a motion for a decree, rektivo to tbe grants of 500 acres of land affd G40 acres of land on tbo Patterson River, made so long ago as the year 1S20 to the widow of Lieu tenant Wurde, who had died very shortly after his arrival in tbe colony. A large amount of docu mentary evidence was tendered, and the points were argued by counsel. His Honor, in giving his decision, declared that tho defendant is a trustee of the 500 acres, not of the G40 acres, and referred to the Master to inquire who are entitled. The question of costs was reserved. In Insolvency yesterday, before the Chief Com missioner, in tho matter of Joseph Wallis and jBmes O'Shea v. Joseph Eirby, an application for compulsory sequestration, the petition was not presented, the application wa3 dismissed with costs, and tbe estate released from sequestration. Accounts and plans were confirmed in tbo estates of tho following insolvents : — Michael Roache, Thomas M. Bolger, James W. Hill, James Blakey, Robert Aitkin, Martin Purtell, F. Wra. M'Dowell, Lachlan M'Auley, William H. Winterbottom, Wm, Whitehead, James Hall, and Wm. Gcoghan. In tho estates of Andrew Stewart and Isaac Barnett, the applications were deferred. An extension of timo for plans was granted as under — Michael F. Molloy, 2 months; John ia. Leathnm, 2 months ; Francis Allard, 1 month ; G. Phillips, 1 month ; and George E. A. Konuy, 2 months. In the matter of IDT J. White, ditectiocs wero rati- fied ; in the matter of Samuel Boulder, no ordSI waa made. In tbe matter of B. O. Holtermann r,1 J, J.Pokomey, application for compulsory seqnes tration, the order was made al solute, the schsdnla and statement to be file! within 10 days aftes service. Tbe matter of Edward Ridley, to very proof of Commercial Bank, was adjourned illf Monday, An adjonrned third meeting was held in ' the estate of Isaac Banks, and ti en further adjonrned to the 31st instant. At the District Conrt yesterday, before Mr District Conrt Judge Dowling, the action of Farleigh and another v. Crombie, was conclude i, This case which was commenced on Wednesday was continned and concluded yesterday morn ing. The plaintiffs, John Farleigh nnd Cosmar Nettheim, trading as MesBrs Farleigh, Nettheim and Co., saddlery and grindery merchants, York- street, sned the defendant, Robert Crombie, master of the ship Port Jackson, for £10 6s, being the amount of damage done to some kegs of nails consigned to them by defendant's vessel from London to Sydney. Thd plaintiffs alleged that tbe kegs had been improperly stowed, aud thct iu consequence they were damaged by sea water. The difendanl'e case was that the kegs were care fully nnd properly stowed, nnd thai ns tha damage was earned by the ordinary perils of tbe so i, the undcrwiitere, aud not he, were responsible. In the course of tfce evidence it transpire! that the vessel had experienced bad weather on ihe voyaee, more especially in the Bay of Biscay, and that one of the' rivets of the stern had given way, in consequence of which a plate of the rudder trunk had started and occasioned a leak. His lienor, pave a verdict for the defendant with costs. 5Ir Bruce Smith, instructed by Mr T. Read, appeared for the plaintiff ; an! Mr P.. E. O'Connor, instructed by Messrs Want, Johnson, and Scarvcll, for the defendant. CT'At the District Court yesterday the ease of Matheson v. Wisbart was heard. The plaintiff, Jobn Mathieon, produce merchant, Darling Point, sued the defendant, James Wisbart, Paddington, for the sum of £30 16s 2d, being tbe omount of a bill for goods supplied and delivered. The defence was, not indebted. His Honor gavo a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. The nex t casewus Simpson v. Simpson. The pat ties in thia case were brothers. Tbe plaintiff, William Simpson, plumber, sued tbe defendant, Alexander Eimpson, stonemason, North Willoughby, for £47 3s, being the amount of a bill for work and labour done by tho plaintiff for the defendant. The defence was, not indebted. After hearing the evidence, his Honor gave a verdict for plaintiff for £18. Some portions of tbe Borough of Alexandria are frequently used as a depot by nightmen. A num ber of the residents also utilize the streets ss runs for their cows nnd horses. All efforts to catch offenders bave np to the present met with little success, and these worries, added to watching the butchers' boiling-down establishments and the Chinese, keep the Inspeotor of Nuisances pretty busily employed. Tbe numerous milkmen in this suburb are also to be put under surveillance, so all things considered tbe position of a nuisance I inspector is not an enviable one. At the Central Police Court yesterday morning, Olnf Olsen, a young Norwegian Eeanian, was lined 20s or Eeven days for insulting John O'Shea iu the bar of the Telegraph Hotel. Harriett Eastwood, I for disobeying a summons, was fined 10s or seven I days. Elizabeth Louisa Lloyd, for having a pair I of shells in ber possession, reasonably supposed to I be etoien, waa sent to prison for a month's hard I labour. Jane 5Iorritt received a sentence of three I months for not earning an honest living. I A meeting e£ the Theatre Royal Fire Brigade | was held at Enstway'a Hotel, King and Castleieagh I streets, last evening, about 25 members being I E resent, 5Ir Er.stway in tbe chair. After the u-ual I usiness had been gone through, the election of I officers took place. 5Ir EaBtway addressed the I meeting, and said he could not tbink of placing I himEelf for election as captain. The following I gentlemen were elected as tbe officers for the I eneuing year : — Captain, Mr J. Smurt ; first- I lientenant, Mr T. Wado ; second-lieutenant, Mr P. I Carroll ; third-lieutenant, Mr T. M'Kellar ; trei- I surer, Mr G. L. Goodman ; secretary, Mr G. W. I Vial ; apparatus officer, Mr A. Jackson ; trustees, I Messrs Dobson and Hawkins. It was resolve! tv I work under Mr C, Bown. The meeting then ad- I journed for a week. I A woman named Hannah Collier, 30 years of I age, of Darling Point, tiied suddenly at her resi- I dence yesterday. No suspicions of any kind Are I entertained by the authorities, and it is considered I that she died a natural death. The ooroncr has I been notified of tbe circumstance, but has not yet I signified his intention oi holding an inquest. I John M'Arrile, 45 yearB of age, left the North I Shore by the ferry on Tuesday night, and on I reaching Circular Quay stepped off tbe boat, when I bis foot slipped, and ho fell, with his left side I against a pile, fracturing some of his ribs. He I was yesterday admitted to tbe Hospital. A woman, I named Helen Wagstaff, deed 23, was yesterday I run over by a cab, in Oxford-street, bnt not I seriously injured, I A very peculiar admiesion wa9 made to the I Hospital at 10 o'clcck last night. A woman, name I unknown, apparently aged abnnt 50, short stature, I black hat, no boots, black dress, white stockings, I was taken there by Police-constable Williams in I an insensible condition, and when examined the I bands and feet were cold, face pale, aud tbe pupils I of the eye equal, but not reacting to light, She I made at times n moaning noise There were no I BignB of injury nor any" smell of alcohol, The I diagnosis of the case is not given, I On Sunday night last a yonng man named Reed, I a conductor on tho tramway, was robbed of a con- I siderable quantity of jewellery and some wearing I apparel. Beed lodges at a house in Liverpool- I street, and tbe articles in question were taken out | of his bedroom. Tboiouse is one where n bed can I be obtained for a single nigbf, and as there were a I number of men about the place at the time, it is I supposed the theft was committed by a bird of I passage, V Yesterday, at the Water Police Court, before Mr I Marsh, S,5I„ Jobn Carroll (16), a van-driver, waa t charged with stealing n lamp, value 10, the pro- I perty of Bernard Ryan. Prisoner pleaded not I guilty, saying that he took un old lamp, in fun, I which he meant to return, Bernard Ryan, the 1 prosecutor, then entered the box, and his Worship, I on hearing that he was the lad's uncle, asked him I to withdraw, which prosecutor consented to do, I His Worship then cautioned the lad against play- I ing practical jokes with his neighbours' property, I and discharged bim. Thomas O'Donohoe, seaman, I of tbe s.s. Lusitnnia, for drunkenness whilst on bond I and for absenting himself from duty, was fined I 20s for tbe first offence, and ordered to gaol for 14 I days in expiation of tbe second. John Egan, 20, I a cabman, for working a horse whilst it wai suffer I ing from sore knees, was fined 10.=, or in default to I be imprisoned for 14 days. Oa the Summons side, I before Mr Addison, S.M., nearly 70 cases were di=- I posed of, and a large number of convictions ob- I lained at the instance of Inspector Waters and I others for indecent language, stone-throwing, the I straying of cattle, and other minor offences against I tbo law, I Yesterday the usual Licensing Court was held I at tbe Water Police Court, and the business for the I week transacted. Tbos. Patterson, Queen's Hotel, I Crown-street, was fined £3 and costs for Sunday I trading ; Mary Clifford and Peter' Keir were each I fined 10s and costs for leaving hotels with liquor in I their possession. Transfers were granted from G. I Gergisou to Honorn Pr.rcy, Rushcuiter's Cay I Hotel ; and from Esther Donnelly to J, Boyce, I Paddington Hotel. Charles Gerth was refused a I license for a bouse in Mill-street, on tbe ground that the house was not required. Wm. Baird, oi 1 the Maurice O'Connell Hotel, Iiiley-3treet, was I acquitted on a charge of selling liquor on Sunday, I April 29. I H.M.S. Ne'jon, the flagBhip on the Australian I station, will take her depnrture to- morrow for Fiji. I How is it that this vessel always leaves a few days I previous to a public holiday 7 I The latest in ghost stories comes from the town I of Newbury, in England. The facts of the case, I which aro;thoronghly authentic, are lhat a chim- I ney-Bweep received an order from a country squire, I residing some three miles out of the town in ques- I tion, to proceed thither on the following morning I to sweep the chimueya of his mansion. Tho order I went further to state that the sweep should be in I attendance at 3 o'clock in the morning. The sweep I gave the order to a subordinate, who, knowing the I importance of the job, determined not to retire to I rest that night, and accordingly whiled away the I evening in a public-house. At 11 o'clock, the I closing hour, he waa ejected, and immediately I stnrted on his jonrney, bat before ha had pro- I ceeded very far a neavy shower of rain came on. I Being near a churchyard he decided to look out I for shelter there, and ultimately fixed upon a I newly-dug grave, which waB covered over with I planks, Whilst dozing, ho suddenly heard foot- I stcpB, and on poking bis bend through tire planks I saw a gentleman appronehing. Not knowing how I long he had dozed he inquired the time. The I shower hnd now censed and the moon waa shining. I Tho Btranger looked in tho direction of the sound, and to bis astonished vision there appeared a head with a blnck face and glaring eyes, and inferring thnt this waB a vision from tho dead, turned round and took lo his heels, never stopping until he reached tho door of his house. 