OUTWITTING. THE BRIGANDS. It was on such a morning as we fog-nor. tured islanders seldom witness at home, that I stood upon the deck of the good steamer Coumoundouros, watching the nearing shores of the l'ireus, which, as all the world knows, or should know, is the port of the classic city of Athens. The beautiful unclouded sky; the bright outline of the sun-bathed coast; the air laden with the scent of the distant Hymettus; the far eminence with the grand old Acropolis standing out white and bold in the clear atmosphere ; and close at hand the mouldering tomb of Themis tocles-all combined to arouse such poetic fancies in my mind, ,that I forgot for the moment the prosaic bnuiness upon which I had come. The screaming engine of the busy little railway which carries the travel ler from the Piriues to Athens, soon re. minded me, however, that I was accredited with a mission from a London Greek firm to their friends in the Attic city; and I was soon whirling over the sacred ground, ,Where history gives to every rood a page! t We passed. the monuments of those f doughty champions of the War of Indepen. a deunce, Karaiskakas and inanlis, and many a other objects of interest; and after a ride of i three or four miles, I found myself at my " destination. t After the first few days, I certainly had a very pleasant time of it, the few hours' work h each day acting only as a stimulus to my t varied pleasures; and having examined the Acropolis, and lunched by the fallen pillar ji of Jupiter, seated myself in the ruins of the Poyx -whence Demosthenes declaimed, and b Pericles evolved his plans-I looked around a like Alexander, for more worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my genial but un. washed host, Kyrie Antonio Pericles Pap- a pademetracopoulos--who, although Plato t was to him a text- book, and the sayings of J Socrates as familiar as the story of Tommy a and Harry to an English schoolboy, was al. a ways as dirty as a sweep-upon the pro- b priety of betaking myself to where a The mountains look on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sea. a For one might as well goto Egypt without visiting the Pyramids, or to Rome .without entering.St. Peter's, as to "do" Greece and t leave Marathon unexplored. And when my hoat tried to dissuade me by assuring me that a Greek gentleman's ear.had been sent u a fortnight before by the brigands to his g obstinate relatives, tohurry the negotia tions for his ransom, it so roused my blood that I vowed I wonld go if I returned as close cropped as an English terrier. So away we started -'myself and Themistocles the son of my hoet, a sallow, unshaven youth, 0 dirtier than his,father-mounted upon two high-spirited donkeys, our revolvers well primed, and our commissariat well stocked. "AJoi Kirie! shouted my long-named t host as we cantered off. "Never fear,"I replied, waving my roe. volver defiantly, and feeling that I should begreatly disappointed if the rascals did nt show themselves.' On we went, enjoying the scenery and holding a hybrid conversation--he in broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek- until in the excitement of the ride, and the glorions panorama constantly unfolding it self to our view, I entirely forgot that there were such beings as brigands in existence. "Now," said I to Themistocles, after a ride of some hours, during which my appe tite had become unpleasantly sharpened, "let us look about for a spot where we can bivouac in comfort." We soon found a delightful place, shel- t tered all round, save where, through a small opening, we obtained a view of a charming landscape. Dismounting, and allowing our 9 animals to refresh themselves on the grass, P we soon made havoc of the good things we had brought I was lying upon my back smoking a cigarette after the meal, gazing dreamily at the blue firmament; and being too lazy to rise, had called upon Themis tocles to pass the bottle. "Has the fellow gone to sleep!" thought I, still indisposed to turn my head. "The mistocles " t But Themistocles heard me not; and when I raised myself upon my elbow, I saw him standing, as if struck dumb and meo tionleas with fear, staring upon theopening. Instinctively I leaped up and clutched my revolver; but before I took a step, the cause of Themistocles' fear became apparent; and three shaggy forms behind three blunder bhsses aimed direct at me, made me fully aware that I was in presence of those saourges of Greece, the brigands i But, oh ! what a metamorphosis ! Where were the natty green jackets with silver buttons, the plumed hats, and the :out enemnb/e of the brigands of my youth, of the operas and the picture- books! Three ragged, disreputable- i looking figures, clad in greasy sheep skins and dirty clothes, unkept, unshaven, took t the place of those tinselled heroes, and with t stern gestures and muttered threats, ordered us to follow them. My first thought was resistance; but when I showed the slightest signs, the three bell-mouthed muskets were bent towards me, and I felt that the odds were too many, and determining to wait events, grimly submitted to be led down the mountain by our unsavory guides. At last, after winding through ravines and hollows, across glens and over mountain paths innumerable, this most unpleasant journey ended .by our guides calling a halt as we gained the summit of an eminence surrounded by trees and tall rocks, forming an extraordinary natural fortress. Beneath our feet, in a deep ravine, with seemingly but oneoutlet, andexceedingly well sheltered by overhanging foliage, was the camp of the brigands; and here we found the rest of the ahaggy '-ufians-with the exception of one who stood sentinel-enjoying their siesta with indolent content. A shrill whistle soon brought the rascals to their feet; and rushing up to meet us, they displayed a dozen of as unfavorable specimens of the human race as could be found. Seizing our asses by their bridles, they relieved our captors, and led us down the ravine; and having roughly assisted us to dismount, brought us into the presence of the chief of the band, "Bravo, lads I excellent, excellent '" he shouted, as his sparkling eyes bent upon us in delight; sand after a cursory examination, we were conducted, amid the excited gesticulations of the brigands and without undue ceremony, into a dark cavern within the ravine. "Shiver my maintops !" exclaimed a voice as I groped my way in; "they might give us eawroom, the vagabonds, and not land us i this lubberly creek; and now they are shoving more craft into anchor !" " Hal in, Jack, old chuml " answered another; "we must make the best of a bad job, mate. To say that my heart leaped to my month at hearing such unexpected words, and find. ing myself in the company of my own Oanntrymen, would no more than describe the cheering sensation that thrilled through me. "What cheer, mates?" I cried in the darkness. Answering exclamations of as tonishment greeted my words: and In a few minutes oenr stories were told;' and I learned that my new-found friends were the Captain and osupercargo of a ship then lying in the port of the Pirmus, who, seeking a like ohbject, had met with a similar fate to my own. "And now," said Captain Jack Jenkins, "how are we to get out of this scrape t If I had Tim and Joe and Black Tom, each with a cutlass and a barking-iron here, we'd soon make a passage, I'd warrant I" "That's all very well," said Will John. son, the supercargo; "but we haven't. If I'd but the opportunity given me, I'd guarantee" Whatever the supercargo was about to say was cut short by the advent of two shock heads at the little opening of our prison, and two harsh voices calling us-as my guide Themistocles informed us- to partake of a feast: for we learned afterwards that the chief, in commemoration of having made such a good haul, had decided to allow us, his prisoners, to partake of the general festivity. But as a preliminary, we had to undergo an examination as to ourcapability of paying the anticipated ransoms. First, we were relieved of our watches and rings, the Captain using language rather strong for translation to Ithese pages, to the great amusement of his tormentors, who, with similar gesticulations to his, endeavored to imitate the sound of the Captain's words, which of course only added to his wrath and their hilarity. " You uncombed, dirty-faced vagabonds !" he shouted, "if I had a few of you aboard the Annie Martin, I'd twist your ugly heads over the yard-arm in the twinkling of a jiffy I" j f course they only laughed the louder at his impotent rage; and I thought it quite as well that they did not understand the language in which he gave it vent. The operation of stripping us of our valu. ables gave me an opportunity to observe the appearance of my companions. Captain Jenkins was the beau.ideal of an English seaman. In age about thirty-five, of a large and robust build, a face broad, manly, and bearded, and limbs such as would delight a sculptor to copy. His height was nearly six feet; and he had an air of command albot him which was doubtless bred of his occupation. The supercargo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ten years younger; nearly as tall as his friend, strong and active ; and take us altogether-for I am of no mean stature myself-we were three men who, under any circumstances, would be no dis grace to our country; and if any oppor. tunity should arise for an attempt at an escape, I felt certain that we should give as good an account of ourselves as any scratch three, here or there. Having satisfied themselves of the value of my late father's watch, which I parted: from with some emotion, and of the intrinsic worth of the Captain's gold chronometer, as well as the supercargo's watch and diamond ring, we were interrogated, through Themis tooles, as to our means. For myself, the name of the firm I was travelling for acted with a talismanic effect upon them, and I was immediately assessed-notwithstanding my protestations-at three hundred pounds. At this price, too, the Captain's freedom was valued; while the unfortunate supercargo whose business they persisted in confounding with that of owner of the cargo and ship was unanimously voted to be worth twice our ransom. Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, if not to ours, we were told to sit down and enjoy ourselves with what appetite we could muster. The smell of the roast lamb andthe freshly baked meal-cakes, however, soon aroused pleasanter sensations, and dimmed for a time the memory of our griefs ; more especially as, under the apparent certainty of obtaining his booty, the chief condescended to be quite patronising towards us, carving the joints himself for us, and delicately banding, on the point of a dagger, our several por tions. After we had satisfied our hunger with the more solid viands, we were regaled with dried fruits as dessert, and a large jar of a peculiar sherry-coloured but bad-tasting wine of a resinous flavor-which Themis tocles described as the common wine of the country-was brought in and set down in the midst of us. This we told them we could not drink, and the chief very gener ously ordered us a couple of bottles from his own particular store, doubtless the proceeds of a raid upon some well-to-do householder. Will Johnson after a time managed to in graiate himself in favor of our shaggy host and his friends by his genial happy manner and frank bearing, favoring the company with many remarks, which, translated by Themistocles, evidently pleased them. When, too, by sleight-of-hand-in which he was an adept-he performed some simple tricks, and gave them a music-hall song with a rollicking chorus, and wound up with a hornpipe accompanied by the Captain with a pocket-comb and a piece of paper, the general enthusiasm knew no bounds, and the beetle-browed vagabonds laughed till the tears rolled down their cheeks. Will now became on such excellent terms with them all, that he proceeded to take some freedom with them; and when he snatched the horn from the cup.bearer, and installed himself in that official's place, ladling the wine out of the wide-mouthed jar and handing it round to the company, his triumph was complete. "For heaven's sake !" he said as he passed us, "don't take any of this stuff, and don't drink much of your own." "Never fear," said Jenkins, making a wry face; "one taste is sufficient." And so Will went round with the cop, making a comical remark to this one, and a grimace at that, until the chief-evidently fearing from their hilarity that they were taking too much-ordered them to desist from drinking, and return to their several duties. Meanwhile, we were sent back into our dungeon, with a sentinel stationed at the opening. .. .. "Not a word," whispered Will, as we settled down in our prison.' "Here's some thing, Captain," he continued, "'that be longs to you." SWhy," said the Captain in reply, as Will handed him the article mentioned, "this is a stopper out of my medicine chest." "To be sure it is, Jack," returned Will; "and I must apologise for the liberty of taking your laudanum phial; but my con founded back-tooth was so painful on board the ship last night, that I got up and took it, and luckily forgot to return it this morn ing. You must debit me with the bottle and its contents, for I dropped them both into the vsagbonds' wine-jar " " hat" we all exclaimod in a breath. "Now, stop your clappers l" continued the supercargo.-" Jack, you kpow I'm nout bad at leight-of-hand tricks. Well, in the first place, having contrived to secrete the bottle while the blackguards were relieving me of my valuables, and thenhaving attained the position of waiter, what was easier than to wriggle the bottle down my sleeve, whip Sout the stopper, and drop the lot into their swipes ; giving the bottle a crack and stirring the laudanum up, every time I dipped the horn into it l" " Bravo, Will 1" cried the Captain, seizing I his hand and giving it a hearty shake. " If Sthat's the case, we're safe; for the Iblack g faced rceals won't wake up for a dozen hours,I'll be bound. There I ourguard has dropped off already I" ".f And sure enough, the drowsy ruffian.had planted himself right across the opening aid was snoring loudly. "Now for it I" cried the impetuous Jack Jenkins, rising. ' "Hold hard l'said Will. " Let them get well off." So, settling ourselves down for lhalf-an. hour, we talked the matter over. -At the end of this time, we sent :the trembling Themistocles to see how things were outside; and after peeping over the prostrate sentinel, he gave us to understand that all were sleep., leg except three, and they. were retiring to the farther end of the ravine, and would in a minute be out of sight. "Capital l" said Will, with suppressed excitement, " Now, each take a pistol and a cutlass from the fellow ,,and follow me"' One after the other we stepped across the sleeping brigand at the entrance, Will re. lieving him of his pistol, dirk, and blunder-. bus ; while the Captain aind I stood by ready to give him his quietus at the slightest sign of his waking,. Then the four of us, gliding like ghosts, assisted ourselves to whatever weapons we could most easily lay bands upon ; and as Themistocles was not of mich use for fighting, we gave him our bag con taining our valuables-which we found by the side of the sleeping chief-as well as several spare pistols, to carry. Picking our way without speaking a word, we advanced towards the open end of the ravine, and just as we turned round a jutting piece of roek, we saw the three sentinels, seemingly in earnest conversation. "Halt " whispered WilL "Now for a rush I" and each singling out his man and clutching his rifle by the barrel-for, we avoided the noise of shooting-we.eprang! forward. Almost simultaneously, and be fore the enemy had time to observe us, we were upon them, and three rifle-stocks de scended upon three shock hends with such force, that two of the fellows dropped like stones. The stock of my rifle glanced off the head of my antagonist and crashed against the rock. With a stifled cry, he turned; but in an Instant my hand was upon his throat, and the sound died in his gullet; while with the strength of despera * .'MISS EM ELIf MEL EVILLE. . tion, Idashed his head against the wall-like rock: and' after a etruggle-in which he wounded me' with his dagger-he fell fron my grap; apparently lifeles. . s J J?': ! m"Now,' sald the aptain,?. here ;are the donkeys :Come, Greeky 1" li ;cried to Themistocleas; "beara hand;" and lokiing around, we espied our four'animals' just as we left them, bht with a brigasid sitting by them- Hdre was an unlooked-forrencontre I Hle was fully a hundred yards off, and to gt' at' him, we should have to cress a small plateau. "Leave him'to' me " cried Jenkins, pre. paring to;.rush" forward.l But under the advice of the supercargo, he stopped. We could have picked him off easily, but dared siot for the noise of the rifles. B Hang it !" impatiently muttered Jen kis, " we shall be trapped again, after all ;" and without further parley, the impetuous fellow started off, running on the tips of his toes, with a drawn cutlass in one hand and a pistol in the other. Just as he was within a few yards of the brigand, the latter turned round, and seeing how matters stood, made for his rifle, which was leaning against a tree a few feet off; but a revolver hurled deftly by Will Johnson - for we had all fol lowed-catching him directly in the face, so etffectually stopped his progress, that he fell stunned to the ground. ' You persist in doing all the work," said Jenkins, as we came upto him. "But quick, lads; off we go !" and in a moment we were on our asses, and under the guid ance of our Greek companion, were making with break.neck speed for Athens. Up hill, down dale, on we went for two hours without stopping or meeting a human beine; then, just as we were about to cross the summit of a mountain at which we had arrived, a harmless-looking peasant wished us " good- day,"and was about to pass on. "Seize him !" cried Themistocles; "he's a scout." So seize him we did, for caution's sake; and as there were no trees near, we tied his hands and legs together, and left him begging for mercy. But there was no mercy in us, more especially as Themistocles ex plained that there was such a curious and mysterious connection between the brigands and villagers, that it was by no .means an likely-had we allowed him to go free-he ~would have bled to the nearest village and roused a 'swarm of semi-brigands about us. -Having travelled for. four hours, and as ur asses could scarcely get along for fatigue,.. we called a halt : and after restleg ourselves ;nd watering our animals, we continued our journey until, late at night, we reached iAthens,. where, round the. hospitable board pC our host, we soon forgot our troubles. rhwusbers'. journal. : 