MJ5WS IN BUJitf. THE reserve from lease number 438, county of Town«cnd, parish of Officer, on the Zara run has Ween cancelled ; and t lade a reserve for travelling stock and water i apply. It contains 1280 acres, and is situated oh the north bank of the BillaboDg creek near the south-east corner of rfcscrve number 811. AH ordinary license for th« storage and sale ot explosives has been gazetted as granted to Thos. Johnston, Deniliquin. . COHPLAIHTS are be tunning to be made in Melbourne, that while Mr David Lee is the city organist the majority of the nusic played on the Town Hall organ is adaptat ions of popular airs by David Lee'1 . . - As " Olde Englishe Fayre " is to be held in iNarandera during the Show 'peek of 1883. MB RUSSBM. BABTOK the I iieniher for Bourke is the silent member of the Legislative Assembly. Like the sailor's parrot "He aint inueb at pitching, but he are a rum 'ui i to think." A if extraordinary scene occurred at the last meeting of the Rotherglen (Victoria) Shire Council in discussing the esignation of the secretary who was amongst tb >se whose accounts were not as straight as they ought to have been at the last audit. L'ESTBAMSE, the Australia ! Blondin, was to have made another attempt tc break his neck or cross Sydney Harbour ridiag a bicycle on Saturday; but it was found that the rope had been cut. , _ , AN unoccupied dwelling Ir Eclitica was entirely destroyed by fire on Sui day morning. THE jewels, which included some of the finest sapphires in the world, presented to the bride of Lord Durham, were valued at £60.0001 WE understand that on and after the first instant several of the Senior-s:rgeants of Police are to be promoted to the position of subinspectors. ..... u- 1.1 THE local paper is charmed rtth the highly moral" tone of Narandera du ring the holidays. There was a clean sheet at the police court. SNOW fell at the head of the Murray on Snnday last. This is the latest fall of snow during the summer months ever chronicled ia Anstra- : ''"THE Albury Water Supply I ite has just been -gazetted. It was four years from the time that VJbe Deniliqwn Water Supply site was gazetted ! that the contract for the erection oi the .water -tower was let. Verb. Sap. A " BOBBY " at Albury hasjbeen fined 5s for using indecent language. He tried to " run in" a man on a charge of drunkenness who was found when at the watch-house to be as sober as a jjiidge. - The language complained of was then used and the erstwhile " drnnk " laid an information against him with the rebult indicated. Two horses attached to the Hay to Balranalil eosch were drowned in crossing the Lachian river at Oxley on Sunday evening. ' 1)B. COBTIS the champion bicyclist of England lias arrived in Sydney. He can r while riding his bicycle stand on his bead and play God save the Queen to an admiring audience I I ACCOBDTHG to some figures recently published it appears that although New South Wales has thirty-five millions of sheep and South Australia six millions we export 6000 bales less of wool. The late Government was always fooling around Sydney looking for the cause instead of going to the fountain head in the country^. SVDNET MOTT of the Hamilton Bicycle Club has just completed a journey of three hundred miles on s bicycle. . HILUTOV people are going off their heads since the newspaper started. They are going to have a fond there now, and the hoisting of & flag created almost irrepressible excitement last week THE " Hillston News " claims j three peculiarities for itself and the town it represents. First: They have a ghost. Secondly: They have 8 sanctum sanctjQjrium (sic) ; and thirdly they have more local news each issue than any other newspaper in Riverina—and bigger margins. The King of Siam has been presented with two emus, one kangaroo, two 'possums, 24 parrots, and 15 cockatoos from Australia. Another big order for harness is wanted. It appears that Sir Patrick Jennings did not promise to give £1000 towards the erection of the new Liedertafel Hall; but would take shares to tha* amount in the venture. £18,000 worth of wool was destroyed on the barge " Darling " last week on the Murray near Kennedy's reefs. THE balance of the money stolen from the Grafton Bank some months ago, amounting to £120 has been discovered under the counter while the bank was removing to new premises. THE department of Public Instruction has decided npon discontinuing the Kindergarten-system which was in use at the Grown street (Sydney) state school. THE Rev. Canon Sandford has accepted the bishopric of Tasmania vacated recently by Dr. Bromby. THE Bendigo Independent has been again larged, and now claims to be seven columns larger than any newspaper published in that district. THE Queensland Railway business is the biggest enterprise ever attempted in the Australian. The Government gives ten millions of acres of land for one thousand miles of railway. 