Stops' Column, MAX BANDER'S WILD TIGElt. J1Y MATTUBW WHITI5, JUNi I dium't like that little French village, Thtul and I wore at our wit's end to find somo way to amuse ourselves. There wasn't any river to row on, nor any hilla to olimb, and not a single person wo could talk to out of the family. Thin you sort of folt as If you wore a lunatio in an asylum; for instead of fences, every houso had a high stono wall around it; that is, ovory houso oxcopt tho ono whero wo boarded, whioh waB surrounded by an iron railing, with the bars just far onougn apart to mako it look liko a cage in a monagorib. At loast this is what l'liad said it reminded him of, and sometimes I used to see him tearing up and down behind it, playing ho was an African lion, I didn't toll him it was Billy, beoause onco in a whilo I turned panther my solf. It was an awfully poky town, About three times every day Thad and I used to bog father to go somowhoro else, but lio always said, "Havo pationoe, boys," I wonder if anybody ever oountod tho number of times fathers and mothers say, " HaVo patience?" If it's as tirosomo to say as it is to listen to, I feel sorry for thorn. Well, ono morning whon they both wore out driving, and tho lanulady had gone to market, and thoro was nobody at homo but tho French cook and us boys, I was that sorry for Thad, not to montion how awfully dull I was myself, that I felt I must do something. So I called Thad down-stairs, and told him I'd invent a new nlay for him. ' " Wo can use tlio fonce just tho Bftrao for a oago," I explainod, " find you'ra to be a tigor a Hooper's trying to tame. I'll be tho keeper, find at first you must snap at mo through tho bars ., but I'll look you straight in tho eyo all the time (that's tho way keepers do), and then all of a sudden I'll open tho door, rush into tho oago, and you'll bo tamed," Thad said that would bo fun, and then I got fathor'a onno, and wo botli went out into tho front yard. Hardly anybody over walked on the street, so I wasn't afraid of being in. torrupted. I went outside, shutting tho gate behind me, and Thad having ourled himself up eloso to the railing, pretending to bo asleep, Ibegan operations by poking him with my stick. At first ho only gave a low growl. (I waBn't suro whethor tigers growled or howled, but I told him a growl would do); but when tho oano slipped and tiokled him under tho arm, he jurapod up, and neither growlod nor howled, but soreamecl, until I was obliged to remind him that ho wasn't a wild-oat. "But tiokling's not fair," ho cried, still squirming a littlo. "All right," I answorcd, begining my ta ming operations, and keoping my oye on him in a way that I think roally began to frighton him. Thon ho started racing up and down in Hido tho fence, I after him on the outaido, un til wo vforo both quite out of breath, and then he stood still, and snapped at ine botwoon the bars. Wo wcro right by tho gate, and while ho had his hoad out, protonding to gnaw my stick, X suddenly let go of it, and slipping through tho gateway, rushed up behind him beforo you oould say " JaekBobinson." " Now 'you must turn around, and wo'll look at eaoh other for a minute, and thon you'll givo in," I oried, making believe crowd into a corner of tho cage. "But I can't turn round," oxolaimedThad. " I can't got my head out," " Why. how did you cot it in. then ?" T replied, 'stopping up to oxnmino into matters. " Twist it tho other way." Thad theroupon obodiently gavo a fresh tug, but all in vain ; his head remained stuck between the bars liko a cow's in llio patent stalls. I was soared then, and ncvor thinking about tigers, took ,him by the neck, antl tried my best to got him free; but I couldn't. Then ho sot up a very unbeastliko yell, which brought tho J?ronoh cook out of the houso, with a bunch of garlio in her hand, When she saw what had happened, sho screamed louder than 'Iliad, Tho nolao thoy both made topether was something frightful, while I ran first ono sido of tho fenco, then the other, wondering dismally if we'd have to livo in that town always because Thad oouldn't get his head out. If wo'dnad any neighbors excopt a deaf old man, a woman who never loft her bed, and two young men who went to work throe miles away, I suppaso we'd soon havo had a crowd around us, but as it was, nobody appeared but a little girl with a hunk of bread, tho sight of which causod Thad to stop hollowing, and tloolaro that wo must bring him something to ant. Whon I hud opened and shut my mouth several times, pointing my finger down it and .then at Thad, tha cook oomprohended what was wanted, and rushing outsido of the fence, put that bunoh of garlic right under my brother's noso, '.PahI" ho exolaimed, and wrenohed his head back so suddonly that X half expected to see both his cars diop off. " Oh, dear," I groaned, " if he oan'l free himself with such a jerk as that wo can never got him out at all." Then recolleoting that Thad hated the smell of garlio as muoh as I did, and seeing that tho cook was still trying to feed him with it, I motioned sternly towards the house, and ordered her to " departez," which wasn't hard to Bay, as you just take an English word and put a little French end to it. She understood me at once, and seemed to feel quite Insulted, for she walked straight book to the kitchen, slamming the gato after her. , The next minuto somebody slapped mo on tho' shoulder, and turning, I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, for it was Tliad, and I was at leaBt five feet from tho fenco. You soe, when the gato was open the space between those two particular bars was a little smaller than when it was shut. Thad and I might have remained in that pickle for any length ol time, ho screaming at the top of his voico, and I dancing around him in agony. 'Who knows how long it would have taken us to find out that all we had to do was to shut the gate, it that woman hadn't got mail and given it suoh an awful slam ?-Harper's Young People, 