EASTER DECORATIONS. T Now. my dear/ said Mrs. Ftfoopthdyite, gathoring up her skirts &nd; making fu* tlio door. * Now, fty dear, we are all ready,aren't we f You take these pots of plants aid I'll carry the cat flowers.' 1 ffow'm I to take thirteen pots of n-asly plants in two hands?' growled Mr. dpo»j5eii dyke, surveying his job with diss&tisfactxm; in his eye. 'What is tndre &bo;'ufc me that siems to give .you, the impression that 1 am a freight train? "What dvye call these things, anyway ? Whit's this-ghost itaodiug up hers with a Candle in his hand ? What particular interest has he got in the Faster business? Hoe'ml going to carry these things ? • Thafe what I want to know 1' 'That's a oa!la lily, dear,' replied Mrs. Spoopendyke, laying down her flowertand turn ing to help her husband. ' Now, yoi can takb these pots in your amis by letting the 53ge of one pot rest on the edge of another. Lei &e; show yoii*—and Mrs. Spoopcnflyke arranged the pots, neatly folded in a clean white paper, in j her husband's arms. 1 That's the way to carry I | them,' she chirped, opening the door for him. 1 I ' Now you are all right!' I j 'Kxpect me to put on my hat with my leg, i i don't you ?' inquired Mr. S. oopendyke, trying ' I to re&oh; around so that he might see out from j his burden. ' P'raps yoa think I don't need , any decoration while I'm carrying these old I I shrubs! May be you think I'd present a more tropical appearance without any hat!' ' I'll put on yonr hat, dear.' fluttered Mrs. I j Spoopendyke, and she carefully put it on hind aide before and flattened it down until the ' back breadth,' as she called it, rested on his shoulders. 'Now you're all right, dear, be careful of the flowers !' Mr. 'Spoopendyke followed his wife to the street and gave the burden a sort of hitch io relieve himself. ' Here 1 Look here!' he cried to his wife, ' You didn't load me straight. These things are slipping I Fix 'em, can't ye ? ' ' We haven't far to go,' plead* d Mrs. Spoopen dyke, who couldn't see that anything was wrong ' Can't you hold them, dear, till we get to the church ? ' 'Oh, I can't hold 'em!' squealed Mr.1 Spoopendyke. ' Get out of my eye I Can't ye take this jailer lily out of my eye P L^ok j out for my hat! Don't you see its slippiog I off? If you don't make some belter arrange ments about these things the neighbours will be startled presently by the sound of cracking J crockery I' ' I hope you won't break any of them,' sighed Mrs. Spoopendyke. Then she pulled his hat; over his eyes and took him by the elbow to lead him along. 1 Look out 1' yelled Mr. Spoopendyke, as^he felt a pot going. * Here's a decoration in danger Catch it, if ye don't want to io«,e a big slice of this reinrrection I Catch it, quick J' But Mrs Spoonpendyke was too late. The pot dropped with a crash on Mr. Spoonpen dyke's imtep, and rolled into the gutter. ' Oh, dear I' moaned Mrs. Spoonpendyke. 'There you are!' roared Mr. Spoohpendyke, hopping with paiu and dropping another pot. ' Satisfied now ? Know anybody you want to back against me for a moisly Garden of Eden ? Got any more horticultural societies you want kno:kedout? Here goes another!' and the third of the series smashed on the sidewalk. '" A charge 1 hare to keep," omitting the fourth stanza,' and down came the largest pot of the lot with a prodigious Doise. 1 Don't!' squealed Mra.Spoonpendybe, watch ing the fate of her dec rations with dismay. 'I ain't I* yelled Mr. Spoopendyke, letting go two more in the effort to keep his ,htfc on 'Who is? Get hold of that off representative j of the day we celebrate,' and Mr. Spoopecdjke clutched wildly at a sliding pot, not that he cared for the flower particularly, buthe lwd felt; I four drop on his foot and ho felt some fears. I 'Confound the pot!' he squarked, as it eluded | him and landed on his best corn. • .t. j 'My dear, how can you talk so?' remon I rtrdted Mre. Spoopendyke, horrified by the | whole spectacle. ~ ' What d'ye expect me to say?' yelled Mr. I Spoopendyke, as another started for the | ground. ' P'raps you think that this is llie place where the Litany comes in! "From lightning and tcmpwtj from ^plaguo, pesti lence, and famine; from battle and murder, ani from sudden death, good Lord, deliver, these pots!" That's what you want? Think I cin keep any lighter grip on tbcie meotly pots, if I surround myself with the consolation of religion? Look out! The veil of the temple is going to burst!' and as ho spoke the rest of tlii flowers came to the ground in a hideous wreck. 'Think that looks any more like Easter than it does like a nor'-wester? Got through decorating, or do you want somo more help ?' 'I think you're real moan!' sobbed Mrs. Spoopendyke, surveying the wreck with stream ing eyes. 'You do, do you V howled Mr. Spoopondyko, who felt as ba tly oa his wife did, now that it was all over. 'P'raps you hsd some kind of a notion tint these pots would fall whon I let go of 'cm! Why didn't you put 'em ia a bag so a man could carry 'em without spilling 'em ? What do you wint of decorations, unyway ?' 'Because to-morrow's Easter, and I wanted to help make t*io church look pretty,' and with this explanation Mrs Spoopendyko brokodown completely, and wept bitterly. 'Well, ain't it just as much Faster outdoors as it is in the church ?' demanded Mr. Spoo pendyke. ' And haven't you decorated as much as any other woman? What d'you expect? Think* people are going to take you for a cathedral just because you take a few shrubs to church onco a year ? Now, you go in the house and don't lit mo hear any more of your whim pering. With your notions about duty, and your desire to get the best of the other women in i'no church, you only want a bell in your mouth and a block collar to your night-shirt to be a whole guild!' And with this iieileaiolioh /Hr.:Spoopendyke started 6f£ to see* Speclewottle, andiiii&ke; auma arrangement with him for going fUliing aa soon arrangement witu him tor going iisung w »wu as the trout ponds should show signs of broah ingup. • oH It is said that'ieoito'ei silks.wdr'e'iiiUeh seen at ths fashionable resorts last season, ovi account ol thoclumsincss of waiters. OiiB'wlio'is to,oomtnand; respeotijnustjflrst command bis toniper, or bo big enough. to make tho other fellow command hia temper. . : .' Thawk Heaven! '' exclaimed a fond father, as he paced the floor' at' midnight with Ins howling heirj 'thank Hoaven you "are not twine!' : lltitintiitr was proild of his extijeitte ug'inefs. So was so ugly that the tides used to. stop him in the street and ask.if Lis face .didn't hurt I him. ' . ... ' Omitted fbou Lindley Mubbay'8 Qbam. Mab.—Never toy 'Co' to a goose ; 'it is. ua grammatical. hay bsau to the gander— belleto the goose. . A II i tie Sunday school miss was asked 'by her teacher—' What must peop'e do in: order to go to heaven? ' ' ' Die, I suppose,' replied the little one. ' Yes,' be said, ' I was absolutely astonished when Mr. Goneworlh asked me to go and tako a drink. Why, it so astonished me that I utterly lost my presence of mind. I declined, sir!' Pome one who has written a. poem entitled ' Cheek will Carry Yon Through,' asks to whom he ought to dedicate it If it is dedicated ' To whom it may concern,' it would perhaps spare the feelings of drummers and lawyers. Is Washington the cry of tho. horse-car I passengers is, ',No seat, no fare;' but a lady who is not blessed with the fatal gift of beauty affirms it as her belief that in a crowdod car the gentlemen's maxim is,' Not fair, no seat.' Aw Illinois butcher'slaughtered a cow that I had swallowed a bundle of greenbacks, and for several days afterwards ho was subjected to great torture in consequence of being asked by almost ovory person he met as to what was liioly to be the effect of Irgel tenders on tender loin. . • f .; 'What would you do if yon were I and I wore you?' tenderly inquired a youjg swell of his lady friend, as ho escorted her home' from church. 'Wei!,' said she, 'if I were you I would throw away that vile ■ cigarette, cut'up my cane for firewood, wear- my watchehain under my coat, and stay at homo at nights,; and pray for brains,' ! No mode of payment can be fair which over looks the previous training of the workman. Sir Joshua Beynolds was once asked .by' a person for whom he had painted a smah picture how he could charge' so much for,a. work that only cmployed him for five day?. t Five days?' replied Sir Joshua; 'why "I. have expended the work of thirty-fire yrars upon it.' Tns as is a family of six living in North Troy, Vermont (U.S.A.), in which there is a husband and wife, father, mother, stop-mother, step father, son, daughter, step son, step daughter, step-grandmother, step-grandson, step-grand daughter, step-mother-in-law, uncle, aunt, niece, some cousins, half brother and sister, members which hare no relationship, a Widow and an | orphani Aw apostlo of culture favours giving one's wife a name asthetically suggestive of her husband's business. A good plan. A chemist's wife would be then Ann Eliza ; a furniture dealer's. Sophia; a farmer's,'Tilly; a fishor man's, Nettie; a tonsoiial artist's, Barbara ; a pawnbroker's,- Jew-lia;-a burglar's, Kit ty; an attorney's. Law-ra; a bar keeper's, Qin-evra ; a-. d an edito.'s, Bit-a. .; Kir Pbbkiks walked into a grocery store the oilier day and asked for a dozen eggs. 'Have not any,' said the inorchant; 'they'io very.' scarce jibont now.' ' VVoll,'said Eli, ' whon all otherresorU.fsii r know how L can get .them; but they mightn't to very* fresh.' . ' Aiid- that isf'qurriid.the.mcrcllant ( 'By .undertaking to loetnre in .u town iwhcroil'ye been before." q uotll Eii,'sadly. .' '•* ^ :'.' '* ' " Iw a country town, not many weeks since, the proprietor of. tlib loc.il journal imported" a metropolitan reporter into his staff; and the .reporter, having become, acquainted with . the notables of llio place, was invited to ac-. company a shooting cxuur.ion on a Sunday— the only day arailablo, apparently, for the spurt. Of cou-se a full account of the day's proceeding, appearo 1 in the paper which tho reporter ropresonled, and this wss about the stylo of the matter:—Amongst tho company w.s 'our highly- esteemed and respected town clerk,' Mr. \V. X. Jones, who, with un erring aim, howled over a hair with his first I barrol. , . . ' The always courteous and [ obliging Mr. , tho well-known and sue- I cessful draper,' rose a strong quail, and of course bagged it in splendid stylo. The best shot of thy day, however, was raado by Councillor , 'who during the tirno he has been in harness us councillor has .distinguished himself by his business-like. utterances.' At seventy yards he killed a hure in sportsmanlike fashion. ... One of the invited guests was Mr. ,' many columns of whoso valued utterances have been taken down by our reporter from timo to time.' Ho fired splen didly all day and bigged two wild ducks 'Ibis kind of description extended over columns, and on being read by tho sergeant of police in charge of the district, ho at onco sawono of the best cases possible, and eorvod tho wholo party —reporler as well—with summonses for ille gally discharging Unarms on Sunday, and shooting quail and ducks during tho close season. Moral; Reporters should bo discrcot men, for in the dosiro to beslobber thoir friends with ill-timed adulation thoy may causo them selves to be placed in a very foolish position,— > Ballarat Courier* 