NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, March 9. An anti-Redmond meeting was held at Newcastle last night at the Victoria Theatre, which was crammed to the doors. Enthu- <*> siastic cheers were given for the Queen, and the lecturer, the Rev. .John Osborne, of New castle. A go called ghost at Shepherd's liilt, New castle, atti'acts large numbei-s nightly. The rcculiar phenomenon seems to be the resul' of phosphorescence, generally visible fro a v to miJuight, when the tide is not too high. A Bill to amend the Licensing Act of the Parkes Government was introduced into th? A^tcnibly this niormu£ by the Minister of Justice, and read a second time. The Premier announced in the House this morning that the Government intend to appoint an oftiser to inspect places of public amusements; that they were getting some valuable information by the last mail from London, and a valuable report from Captain Shaw, of the London fire brigades, was engaging the attention of the commission lately appointed to report on theatres, fie expected in a week or tiro to obtain from the commission a report which would enable him to take definite action. The supplementary estimates for ISS2 and pre vious year, except a few debatable items, were agreed to. A deputation consisting of Messrs VV. H. I'igott, M.L.A., S. Stephen, M.L.A., Neville Griffiths, M.L.A., G. Pile, and I*. N. Treveck waited on the Minister of Works respecting the extension of the railway from the present terminus at Redfem to Circular Quay. Air. Pigott said he was aware the Government were in favor of the scheme, and he presented a petition in support of the pro. jtct signed by 13.U0Q people to strengthen their hands. Mr. Copeland said it was quite true the Government had the matter under their favorable consideration, and the question had bow resolved itself merely into one ef route. The adjourned enquiry by the Mirine Board into the Delcotnyn and Ilala collision was continued to-day. Henry Pettit, assis tant harbormaster, who witnessed the colli sion, did not thick the Delcomyn was going orer one knot an kour when she struck the Ilala, and Alexander Coutti and Daniel Cbridtison corroborated the evidence given by Pcttit. This concluded the evidence. The board reserved their decision until Monday. ?>? Trickett is most fancied for the All-Comers' Jlace to-morrow. L&ycock; has recovered from the attack of dysentery, and is very confident he will win to-morrow. The fccttinjr is unchanged. The Austral was successfully floated off the beach on which she had been placed this afternoon, and towed to the anchorage below harden Island. She will shortly go into dock. The men are now busily engaged cleaning and scraping all parts of the ship. Bather a heavy thunderstorm passed over the city to-day, blowing very strong from the south-west. In the Assembly to-night the Speaker communicated a message from the Go vernor assenting to the passing of the Inscribed Stock Bill and Indemnity Bill. The Kiatna Railway Bill was read a second time, and the third reading made an order for Tuesday. The House then went into committee of supply. The estimates for H.M.S. Wblverine t £7,242 ( and the Governor's residence, £7,063, were passed after a long discussion. The sentences of death passed upon ThO3. Smith for the murder of Captain Boells, at Blanche Bay, New Briton, and James Mooret for an alleged rape at Ashfield, were com* muted by the Executive this afternoon. An inquest was held yesterday at Lithgow touch in c the cause of the fire which occurred on Monday night in the stables connected with the residence of Mr. Win. Gray, Oakley Paik, near Bowenfells. The residence had a narrow escape, and the attempt only proved abortive through the timber fittings being preen : otherwise fully £1,000 worth of pro perty would have been destroyed. A man named Quirk, who had been discharged from the service of Mr. Gray on Monday morning, was arrcittd twelve miles distant, and hu footprints were conclusively identified from the stable about half a mile along the road in the direction in which he was found. A verdict was recorded against him of wilfully and m&liciontly; setting fire to the place. His' Honor Sir George Innes was so iadi '?? posed this morning that the Supreme Court had to be adjourned. ,^ It was stated in the Municipal Council to. day that only one tender had been recsivc i for providing and fixing glass dials in the town ball tower clock, and as this was ia excess of the estimate it was decidri to advertise for fresh tenders, and to advertise in the Melbourne as well as the Sydiey papers. Arrived—Parramatta"1 and] Cheviot jfrom Melbourne: Cry .of Meli>3urne, from Kou niea. Sailed—Kodondo, for Melbourne; Ni/am, it,M..S., for Melbourne and Adelaide. 