GLADSTONE NOTES. (By A-kde.) Much fuuiiug aud ranting has been goiug on amongst excitable Gladstoniaus, owing to the telegraphic interruption between here and Launceston, which histed for several days. Yesterday com munication was resumed. Our telegraphic operator, considering the amount of wiring done here, must have greatly enjoyed the respite. ' It's au ill wind,' etc. I find that the Daily Teleyrapli has become very popular here. The views of its leader-writers are endorsed and lauded by the reading public, and its circulation has increased about twelve-fold within the present year. Its temperate, liberal tone, and logical erudite articles are the theme of general admiration. This extends even to tho3e who are connected with your Northern contemporary. Need I mention that in Messrs. Blacker and Fiuu, your local agents, and also in your local representative, you have genuine constituents. Much regret was felt at the departure, on Saturday last, of our respected towns people, Mr aud Mrs Hague, and. Miss Armfield, the latter's daughter. It is their intention to proceed to their home in Sandhurst, Victoria. Miss Armfield will be missed the more, as she was a teacher in the Sunday Scliool, and also a member of the Choral Union. I perceive the Royal Standard Hotel has changed hands. The purchaser, Mr P. Riordan, has already commenced to conduct the establishment in propria pcrsonu, and that gentleman has become quite popular. A concert, musically a success, came off on Saturday night. The amateurs taking [ part were Misses Dickinson, Saggers, Simmons (2), Riordan (2), and Messrs. Boyd, Mold, M'Gregor, Madden, Crougey, and Dudgeon. Mr Wall , and Bliss K. ttiordan presided alternately at the piano. The brilliant instrumentation of the lady accompanist was much admired. Tlie duet 'Music hath a magic power 'was the gem of the evening. ' Larbord watch,' 'Men of merry England,' ' Cruiskeen Lawn,' 'Heart and Homes,' ' Kiliarney,' 'Maiy of Argyle,' andl 'Mill May,' were well rendered and' loudly applauded, numerous encores being j demanded, and floral tributes being the j rule rather than the exception. In common with many, I regard the repeti tion! of 'Auld Lang Syne 'at all the committee concerts, nothing short of an infliction and an exhibition of bad taste on the part of the conductor. Quite a crowd left the building when this was started that night, and one waggist nomad remarked that Mr Mac, was trying to, ' Scotchify ' the.audience. X consider such action ill-advised, and I say this without wishing to otter aviy insult to my respected Scotch amfrercs, some of whom agree that the perpetual repetition of ' Auld Lang Syne,' or any similar old cuss (especially 1 when trotted out as nudeasthe ghost ofsome 'old mortality'), can be no source of amusememt to the people of to-day, , and no credit to his native land. About a fortnight ago a meeting of the Town Hall Committeee took place, at which it was resolved that on the night of the concert referred to a balance sheet would be read, and an address bearing thereon, would be delivered to the audi ence by the secretary, as he is also the - conductor of the committee concerts. But contrary to expectation, and contrary to what committeemen declared, ho balance sheet was submitted ; nor had the secre tary the common courtesy to assign any reason, much less to tender any apology, for the omission. All Mr Secretary said on the subject was — notliing. ; ' The weather is excellent, and there is, at present, no lack of witer. August 28. 