[?] « »xis merry in the hall -when the beards wag all tut 'tis not always merry and wise. Tongues wag as beards wag, and not always as perfectly sober, reason would dictate. Would it be well to gather all the tongue wagging6 that have accompanied all the beard waggings at the banquets which have occupied the Ministry through vacation ? It might be well to one who desired to harass the Ministers and to confound nnlinvr nf nnca loirmalrinir Tf. miirllt. aIrA TlP Vfill U1CU n»ov ? ? ? — » — 0~ ? ? ? ? for one who had planned to write a book upon the more subtle influences of the glorious vintage of champagne. Above the bottle and beneath the Speaker what a contrast there would be ! A painful contrast possibly to some constituents, and somewhat vexatious to the Ministerial benches. The ghost of wild youth is the ugliest phantom that can meet middle-aged respectability, and very much as the ghost of wild youth must the memories of those banquets be to the Ministers who ate and drank at them. What was said? what was promised ? what suggested? Would it not be well to prelude all legislation by a short bill, which should relegate all the banquet speeches to oblivion ? ' Be it hereby ordained that whatever has been said at any feast or festival of the past shall never be quoted within this honorable House and, as penalty, whoever transgresses this law, let him be excluded from all picnics and banquets for ever. Ministers must talk, we know — Cabinet Ministers and pulpit ministers too ; but it is more pleasant and profitable to see Ministers work than to hear them talk. How much talk now (pulpit talk) have we heard within the year of the poor lost aborigines, how many pitiful appeals have been made for money, and what a very small quantity of real work has been done. Is the episode of the half-caste children of Yass still fresh in the public mind ? Is it remembered how the Hon. Minister for Education's heart before head, as usual, gave orders for them to be admitted into the State school; at which the teachers and the white children's parents raised objections ? Surely, it must be remembered. There was a stir through all the country at the time, and after the stir a lapse, a calm, a period of forgeti'ulnees through which all the dear friends of the aborigines slept, and all the preachers and teachers slept, or all kept quiet because they could do nothing — all save one. Dean O'Keefe, of St. Augus tine's, Yass, prepared a school for them, and on Monday morning last Inspector Brennan gathered up the outcasts and marched them down to the convent, where they were affectionately taken in, Is there not a clear and decisive victory of the denominational over the secular system? The Minister for Education stood aghast in the presence of those poor children ; the rulers of the convent immediately found a place lor them. But where were all the Protestant powers of Yass? And where my Lord Bishops of the Anglican Church, with their pastoral staves and high commissions i ' My Lord !' there is a controversy growing about the term, title, or designation. Tasmanians know not ?whether they will my lord their bishop or not. Christ ?hurch people are bothered in the same way, and we should imagine the bishops are bothered also. We see nothing to desire in that style and title, and cer tainly it degrades rather than elevates the person to whom it is applied. Sum them up, those who are born to the title, and . k what does a bishop gain by association with them — my Lord Tom Noddy and my Lord Adolphus and the rest. What has a Right Reverend Father in God in common with them ? Why, then, by similarity of title should he be associated with them ? Is a title required, and is there not ingenuity enough' in the age to furnish a title ? Then let us search back and inquire of the style of the very earliest bishops, or would it not be simpler to take a leaf from the American book, and let bishop be bishop as judge judge ? The office is high, of course ; but the average colonial bishop does not tower so loftily above his fellows as to merit a special distinction. The peculiar manner in which some men regard imprisonment is shown by a well-authenticated story from Christchurch, New Zealand. An individual with the thoroughly Saxon name of John England Heaver, Btayed on at an hotel on a story of £8000. By-and-by the landlord grew aweary of the story, and expressed a desire to see the colour of his guest's money. Guest instantly drew a cheque for £36, then stepped out, called a cab, and drove to the police station, interviewed Mr. Inspector, and said, 'I surrender, I have passed a valueless cheque — lock me up and pay the cabman.' Now it is evident that that man feared labour in the world far more than punishment in gaol. He was an absolute pauper, des titute of every quality but audacity. He sponged on the landlord as long as he could, and then he stepped into gaol as into a place of refuge. What power have . magistrates to make themselves terrors to such an one as that ? He sentences himself ; runs from impor tunity ; flies from independent effort ; says to gaol walls, ' Cover me, and I know you will not hurt me.' Is not some punishment, short, sharp, and severe, re quired for such cases as that, or otherwise some com pulsory labour equal to that performed in the world without but lacking its reward ? The very latest discovery anent the extraordinary service our gums — I mean eucalyptus trees — can render to the world, has been made in America. It has been proved, at least so states the company who have taken out the patent, that for preventing in crustation in the interior of boilers, no substance is better than gum leaves. The palatial hospital is condemned and the ancient Benevolent Asylum is condemned. Truly the ' Minis try of work' is moving and in the right direction. But strange to say the governors of that Benevolent Asylum cannot rise to the level of the advantage which *he purchase of their site affords them. They will »ot ' trek out.'1 Driven with much difficulty from that exceedingly valuable block almost in the centre they ^e8ire to settle down again in the old Albert cricket-ground, on the skirts of Redfern. Kedfern objects, and naturally ; common sense objects too. What good reason can there be for locating these old men and women and young children, even within Cooee of the town. Have we not railways running south, and west? Are there not abundant good and favourable sites along all these railway lines ? i Why should not every institution be placed i an the centre of a farm, and the inmates - oe so divided that the farm might almost 1 e worked by their efforts ? At present we have 200 i a men in this street, and 200 old women in that, and , 1 tew more old women clothed in broad cloth and - fine lined Tiling as lords over them. And be it also remembered fchat the worth of these Sydney sites would purchase ujagnificent estates 100 miles from the city. But would the governors travel 100 miles ia the interest of their clients ? and who should be first considered, the governors, or the inmates of the in stitution ? As sad a story as can be imagined comes to U3 from Victoria, given in a journal bearing the very appropriate name, of the Alpine Observer. It is of a good man lost in the Gipps Land snow. Mr. J. D. Ireland, 6on of that Ireland who for many years led the Victorian bar, started to walk from Gippsland to the Omeo country, and became lost in the snow upon the Dargo plains. He travelled four days, and then returned to his starting-point to recruit and make a fresh attempt. Poor fellow ! his ' fresh start '' was a luckless one indeed. On September 4 a mining manager found him buried in the snow on the Omeo track. He was stiff, cold, unconscious, expression less. Yet he recovered under treatment, awoke and told his story, lay down again and died. Poor fellow ! To-moriow we may hear of another poor fellow in t.Tiia same Australian land sinking down upon the hot sand of a waterless waste, killed by the heat and the drouth, as young Ireland by the cold and the snow. Any tale of snow or heat brings memories to mind to those who have travelled upon the great face of this continent; and here comes a memory of the snow. It was five years ago, in the Alps that make our southern border. There were five fellows riding through the snow, and by some mischance they lost the track and groped along with hands and feet freez ing through some weary hours. At last they came right fair down upon the hard road upon the bend of a spur. And, lucky always, close to that bend a great bough humpy, built by some roadmen in the summer time. The snow had banked it all about, the snow lay feet deep upon the roof ; it was as warm and cheery within as could be desired. Oh, how those fellows stamped and danced about the floor and thawed theirfrozenhands andfeet; andlast, one, more wise than all the others, said : ' Let us make the fire just with in the door, and we can all sit inside comfortably.' So they made the fire and moulded the ' Johnny cakes,' and filled the 'Jack Sheas' with snow well rammed in, and the light wood blazed up and the smoke rolled about the roof, when suddenly— 'Hey I what ? rain!' Yes, rain! down it came, first in drops, then in streams — over the fire, over the cakes, over the swags. Out all in a hurry, and with language that, if printed, would blister the paper. What was it ? Only the roof thawing ; of course it was the roof thawing. And when they recognised the fact, the four looked upon the one who proposed to build the fire at the threshold, and had there been any coals remaining they would have grilled him. It is indeed a rather ' modest ' request on the part of the Town Council of Newcastle that the members who represent in Parliament that prosperous, though rather grimy district, to agitate in favour of making the Hunier the terminus for the Orient Company's steamers. Newcastle is struggling hard to become the shipping port for wool intended for London, and by and-by may soar higher, and request that the seat of Government be shifted. True, Sydney is supposed to be the finest port in the world, and Newcastle is only 60 miles from the northern shore of Sydney harbour. True again, Newcastle is soon to have its railway almost direct to Sydney ; but the latter change may be regarded as an argument in favour of making the coal port the principal one of the colony. But if the various requests of the Newcastle folk are seriously entertained, ports further north may assert their claims too. Trial Bay and the Clarence may be to the fore. Then southwards Jems Bay, the be loved of certain speculators, or Twofold Bay, both good ports, cannot be overlooked. Before the dis cussions regarding the proposed change are entered upon, I would suggest to the Town Council of New castle the advisableness of doing something towards facilitating the trade which at present falls to their lot. I have heard of ships being unnecessarily detained in Newcastle for several weeks. It is said, too, that there are mines which cannot be worked in consequence of certain combinations. In fact, there is much in the way of improvement which should be effected ere Tort Hunter becomes the port of the colony. The steeplechase on Randwick last Saturday afforded another proof that it is well the course is so fenced that it is almost impossible for horses to go astray while running in the various races. In the flat races the animals contesting have to keep the course. There are no posts to run inside of, no chance to lose save that which a deliberate pull may afford. Now, in the steeplechase a mistake was made simply because it was possible to make one. Song ster was a very hot favourite, an I when headed for heme had the race so well in hand that it was all 'Lombard-street to a China orange' on him; but lo ! his rider, although not a green hand, took the wrong course, and, much to the delight of the book makers assembled, an outsider won. It was an ex traordinary blunder on the part of Songster's rider. The race was one of three miles. The horses con sequently have to pass the grand stand thrice. There is a narrow lane, with a stiff treble to be negotiated. This has to be done twice, and not more, for on the third round the race is along the ordinary straight. Yet Songster's rider thought the treble had to be done thrice. Hence the blunder, and hence the loss of a few thousands by the public. At the recent ram sales in Melbourne there were some very high prices paid for sheep, and it is said that the quality of the lots offered was superior to that of the July sales in this colony. It is even hinted that Tasmanian breeders re serve their best sheep for the Melbourne sales. Possibly such is the case, but I discredit statements of the kind. The averages of prices obtained in Mel bourne are somewhat higher than those obtained here, but we had no sensational items to record. I regret to say too that of late I have enter tained the thought that all salesmen say or write is not to be accepted as gospel. The old rule of multi plying by two and dividing by four, I fear, is too often rendered necessary. In the matter of conduct ing the sales, however, there is one good practice fol lowed in Melbourne. At the salerooms a charge of Is. per head is made at the doors, and the proceeds are divided amongst certain charitable insti tutions. This restricts the attendance, especially at the refreshment bars, and it enables those who really come to buy, and not guzzle, better opportunities to transact their business. ^ According to some of my correspondence from the North Coast, the cane cutters are not above mean, practices. Complaints are being made from tima to time by farmers who are being victimised by the cutter in the following manner, viz. : — When a gang is set down on a farm for the purpose of cutting the cane, they will probably do a few hours' work and then strike for so much per ton from the farmer in addition to that for which they have agreed with their employers, the sugar company. The cutters, instead of striking before they commence work, first scorch a certain area (a preliminary step prior to application of the knife). When the burning is done, and the cutting is absolutely necessary, the cutters throw down their tools and demand a bonus. More reprehensible action could not well be devised. 