MY LADY'S PLOT ; OB, ttHB Ghost of Biarolo Castle. CHAPTER XXH.— fccarrarvxB.} , Supremely delighted -pith hia elegant young feost, Booto? Jeffries spoke with, the hearty sincerity which made one of his chief character istics. Bat 'before he could say more, or Doctor Allingham respond, a diversion was created by 'he sound -of opening doors and rustling h&ng-; in/is to the left of the drawing-rooms. ,/, Two suites of apartments, separated from the freception-room by a side corridor richly carpeted, and hung -with grey damask, bad been suddenly .throws, open. The doorways were arched^ndthe silken hang Sags, just looped back, gave an unbroken view of .'both suites from end to end. Both presented a most costly and beautiful ?»ppearance ; the one furnished and -hung in pale green and gold, the other in green and silver. With a slight gesture to her eon, and a smiling invitation to Mrs. Jeffries and Nina, Mrs. Alling ham immediately condncted the ladies to the first-mentioned mute, -while Berthold Allingham accompanied Doctor Jeffries to the other. \- l Tour ?apartments/ gracefully explained Mrs. .AHinghaTn. as they crossed, the corridor. ' are in the second story; but, knowing how fired you 'weald all be on your arrival, I caused my own_to be in readiness for your occupation till retiring hoar, and my eon's for Doctor Jeffries's.' . * Bat the inconvenience to yourself !' protested 3&xb.; Jeffries and Nina in ft breath. . Mrs. AiHngHiym caressingly silenced Nina by a finger laid gently on the girl's lips, and Mrs. Jeffries, by the entreaty that she would not give tha*u mistaken idea one thought. They entered the dressing-room as she spoke ; tod, glancing to where Brigitta stood in modest Waiting, she added Bmilingly : 'Ana here is Brigitta. But I lay my commands «rpon yon in the direction of careful toilets. Fray follow the good example which I shall set you, end simply freshen yourselves/ She was about turning to leave the room when Nina interposed with a laughing inquiry. 'And so/ she exclaimed! 'Brigitta was also 3n the conspiracy/ 'Brigritta also/ nodded Mrs. Allingham, gayly, adding the next moment, with sudden gravity. 'And I hope, my dear, I shall be able to make ?your happiness, mow I have you here ! I — * ? Mrs. Jeffries hastily interposed, speaking with a solemn emphasis that brought a smile to Nina's Htm * If she cannot be happy with you, Mrs. ?ATlrngham/ declared the doctor's wife, ehe can ?aot be happy with any one on earth. 'That is precisely what I think/ echoed -2&na;» looking at Mrs. Allvngham with & caressing gesture full of simple, earnest grace. ? Mrs. Allingham .stood a moment looking hesi tatingly down from her majestic height upon the girl's pale, exquisite face. The next, she cried quickly, almost vehe tnently: * . v 'lam glad to hear you say it. Miss Beau champ, and «inoe you can, I am going to tell you the simple truth. I am — ' ' Good heavens ?' broke in Mrs. Jeffries, staring »t Mrs. Allingham In open dismay. ' The doctor *don't want her told/ Nina looked in startled questioning from one to the other, but before she could speak, or Mrs. Jeffries titter another tell-tale word, Mrs. Alling Joam hastily but smilingly continued. 'No/ she said: 'the doctor did not want her told. But it is such a trifle, only a business dis patch, my dear/ turning to Nina, 'which will hurry him away from Diavolo Castle and back to London sooner than he anticipated/ Mrs. Jeffries breathed an lnaudable ' Oh ! and wisely clothed her mouth. Mrs. Allingham proceeded, Nina looking at her with relieved but interested countenance. . * He received it at Baden, my dear/ she went Ion, ' but fearing to render yon anxious, would not ^have it mentioned. He fancied you might feel nervous at the idea of being left so soon, and de pided that the better way would be to leave the Castle privately. But I tTiinlr differently/ ' And. you think correctly,' said Nina, ' and I jam deeply obliged to you. Not/ she added, quickly, turning to Mrs. Jeffries — ' not that I fail to appreciate the doctor's motives; but the pain of being so deserted would hava been infinitely greater than the natural disappointment I feel at .your — ' ' Then I, too, am glad that Mrs. AlHTigham has told you/ interjected Mrs. Jeffries, affectionately. * And, to confess the honest truth, my dear child, I have not felt quite easy in my own mind. But you know/ she concluded, ' I always agree with, the doctor/ ? 'T know you are the best wife in the world,* Jaughed Nina. * But how soon «io you leave?* ' To-morrow morning/ * So soon ?' 'It is imperative* my dear. . Bui you won*fc fret, will you?' 'Fret?' echoed Mrs. Allingham, gayly. *Ho» indeed!' Nina smiled, answering gently, affectionately: ' I regret the necessity that separates us so un expectedly, but shall not sink into useless repin injes, dear Mrs. Jeffries/ Having heard and duly applauded that re K, Mrs. Ailingham retired, promising to await guests in the reception-room. 'It was/ she said to herself, as she hurried away to improve her own toilet — ' It was much better to tell her. I have won her confidence by my frankness, and shall aim to keep it. Until a full avowal of the conspiracy, in which I am leagued against her, is rendered absolutely neces sary, she shall trust me. And then the doctor's potion — poor old cafe-paw ! — was simply ridicu lous. It is wonderful how these people, who can be led by the nose in important matters^ will Insist nnnn £hair «T»nir.rm in fcrifl ah 1' As she reached that point in her' medita tions, a door communicating with her son's Apartments at the farther end of the corridor was suddenly thrown open; and Doctor Ailing iham stood before her. She seized him, breathlessly, by both shoul ders. 'Thank Heaven. yon are safe!' a-e cried, in a hurried whisper, her wonderful eyes de vouring his face -idolatrously as she spoke the frorijs. *|Jut what success? . Quick 1 I have bnly a minute 1 ' ?? ? - l - . r- - : 'The best* ? At that low, exulting reply Mrs. Allingham's eyes blazed sympathetically a moment, and then ^softened to an infinite tenderness again. \ '', ' And the danger ?' she whispered shiverinrfy. , Doctor AHingham drew up his tall form with . defiant pride. . .--..,. ' I am not afraid of clanger/ he said, 'But I am; I am, BertHoid j ' exclaimed Mrs. Allingham, passionately, adding, the next in stant, in eager entreaty. : ' And now, 'you will re nounce this hazardous life, won't you ? Think ! The girl is -already enriching us, and when she and the old man are dead our portion will be princely. Promise me, Berthold 1 *' At those concluding words the eyes so like Mrs. lAllingham's own darkened wirh»oudden strange ?expression, which Mrs; ATlinghn.™, in her tender anxiety, wholly failed to observe. . After the briefest pause th« -doctor answered: ' I will think of it, mother. I wfll think of it, ^eriously/ ,., . :..;'?'.. ?« ' With an almost fierce delight Mrs. Allingham drew an arm abput his neck and kissed him. ? 'I can now be happy, as well ae seem happy, iBertKold/ she said. ? ? - '? , J ' ' '. She was turning mway Witt ; those words of im Jpassioned tendern«Mt when she all at once Icheckad herself. .-.-,,;. :-*^.. «/;0 -:' ] 'TSe police P' »b« whispered, casting a quick,, shuddering gl&noe; along the well-lighted oor jridor, and nervously grasping Mb wrist. * You; are sure they are not vmmj&ix; track ? . Ton are iETiretheyhilive^iiotpeiitiatedyoM^sgniBef1 ' As sure *s tiaitiiwmV'. -;:&?£ , orj *«? ? That smiling and. enmiaAio rrfoinder banished Mrs. Allingham's lslrt o0-a$V gfcMMsing- her grasp' li^ hurried again on Wiragr.'r'i Doctor AJl&^liMa ;*rtten«4*o tit* reception. ^t-iS» '(Bf.'T. ^?^S7-*U-* *»*'U-*«- J*WrN«v-r s»Wx.-'_- head he looked absently across the corridor to the dosed doors of his mother's apartments. . 'Yea/ he breathed softly, 'she Is an angel of loveliness! Shall I permit her totte sacrificed? bhalll not rather — ' He suddenly paused. The door on which he had fixed Ms ease had all at once opened,] showing Nina, hesitating with backward glance, in the act of leaving the room. Divested of hat and wraps, and standing there with the soft, brilliant light streaming over her, she looked, in spite of fatigue, and in spite of her simple toilet, purely and indescribably beau tiful. Doctor AUingham's eyes glowed to a dangerous admiration. *Ah!' he breathed again, 'she is a thousand times worth the trouble I And — bhb is tit mi foweb. We shall see !' CHAPTER XXm. A HAUNTED CHAKBEB. As those ominous words passed Doctor Ailing ham's lips Mrs. Allingham's step oame quickly along the corridor. At the same moment Mrs. Jeffries joined Nina, who had paused -for her in the doorway, and the three ladies entered the room together. Almost at the .sama moment Dr. Jeffries appeared. \- Doctor Allingham immediately left Nina, whom he had just seated, and advanced to meet the old gentleman. ' I trust/ be said, ' my valet made himself Intel ligently useful to you, Dootor/ The doctor laughed. ' A capital fellow, that valet of yours, my dear Allingham/ he cried, ' and as useful as a man can be. But, to speak the plain, unvarnished truth, I hate, the whole tribe ! To please Mrs. Jeffries, I have had a score of them, off and on, but they all go the same road, and in about the same time. A week is the limit of my endurance. On the seventh day the valet invariably found himself adrift with a month's wages as conscience money in his pocket/ The doctor's chuckling laugh was still at its height when the announcement of supper called the party from the reception room to the groan ing table which had been spread for them. Dootor Allingham presided at his table with the same courtier-like elegance which had marked his welcome. . _ : But, despite her idolatrous pride in him, Mrs. Allingham was conscious of a growing anxiety. ' Is he/ she at last thought — ' is lie going to commit the egregious folly of falling in love with her ? — and at. this crisis ? But no ! no !' she said to herself the next moment. * I will not believe it ! With all his reckless courage he would never be so insane 1' Her uneasy speculations were at once ended by Nina's voice addressing Doctor Jeffries. Taking advantage of a momentary lull In the easy now of conversation, the girl half reproach fully taxed him with his intention of secretly leaving the castle. The doctor's utter consternation at the unex pected charge brought Mrs. Allingham to his assistance. .As she ilniahed her explanation he cried 'Well, Fm glad you told Her, Mrs. Allingham, and beg you to accept my thanks. I hated to deceive you, my dear/ turning deprecatingly to Nina, * and you must never doubt t meant well. It was only one of my blunders, child.' *A blunder/ smiled Dr. Aning]hn.T»»i Jn 2als slow, deep voice, and with his eyes admiringly fastened on Nina's lovely face, ' which I never should have made. Short as my acquaintance is with Miss Beauchamp, I know I could trust her to bear the inevitable with a true womanly courage/ Nina looked up with a soft blush and a word of thanks. But in a moment the faint damask had flamed to a crimson which suffused her face from throat to forehead. There was that in the gaze with which. Doctor Allingham met her glance that there was no mistaking. Mrs. AUingham's keen, watchful eyes took in the whole. With a quick, abrupt movement she gave the signal to rise. ' He haa gone mad/ she said, angrily, to her self in her fierce anxiety, ' and the girl, innocent as she is, sees it. I'll get her out of the way early, and to-morrow Til speak to him. Not to night. . He shall have to-night for reflection. With Mrs. Allingham, to determine was to act. But in this instance she was favoured with & most willing coadjutor. Nina was only too glad to escape the courtly attentions of her handsome and fasoinating host. Her fine intuitions had ka tr^m 4'^nA a1o«m an^ «*li a man '£«nv*1-L4-A«-i.a-u? __J »N*u*VU |U4O OACU..UJJ 49UIL PUO WV4M* ±-».±J£JJ.ii*3JJ.%5\A. CvilU uneasy without knowing why. Doctor Allingham. saw it, and. with a silent curse at his own folly, vainly endeavoured to place her at her ease again. But, in spite of his delicate and well-directed efforts, Nina retired to her apartments conscious of a deep regret that she had become Mrs. Allingham's guest. * Shall I leave with the Jeffries to-morrow morning?' she asked herself, as she tossed hour after hour on her sleepless couch. .. 'But, then, how can I ?' she asked again, in the very next breath. ' An elderly chaperone is quite as in dispensable as a maid, and their hasty return to London precludes the possibility of supplying myself before their departure. What, then, am I to do ? Can I go out into the world for an in definite period with only Brigitta ? No I Can I go back to my father's house and the deadly macninations or my unscrupulous step-motner P ISever! Never! Never! In her shuddering abhorrence of the idea she started up in bed, vehemently uttering the nega tive aloud. . As she did so her ear caught a quick, rustling sound at the other end of the great chamber. Startled, she turned her head in the direction. The fire, rendered necessary in all the rooms by the chill dampness of the thick walls of the castle, still glowed in smouldering remains upon the hearth, and cast a faint, sickly light among the antique hangings and heavy carved furniture. ' By its light she saw dimbly, close to the tapes tried walls, a tall, motionless form, wrapped in a winding sheet, its ghastly face turned toward her, and its burning eyes fastened in a cold, death like stare upon her own. She saw that, and saw no more. The terrify ing object, added to the fatigues of the day and the anxieties of the night, proved too much for her strength. Without a word or sigh she fell ?back among her pillows in a swoon. When she recovered consciousness, the grey light of early dawn was creeping through the xoug, narrow wmauws, uau xtngicw was sonny HJ jrring -Hin pTT|iy(i1-3t-riTig fir« ?jn «. Hum. She lay quite still, hot even replying when the woman cautiously spoke her name.. , She wanted to be alone.- She wanted time to reflect upon the mysterious and terrifying event of the uight, and time to make a careful examina tion of the chamber. \- Brigitta, imagining her asleep, stole away as noiselessly as she had entered. As soon as the morning was sufficiently ad vanced for her, purpose, Nina rose, and, wait ing- only to don dressing-gown and slippers, directed all her energies to her self-imposed task. . As she vaguely anticipated, it proved a fruit less one. There was no door behind the hang ings— nothing to explain the sudden and mys terious presence which had so alarmed her.' A long range of wall, the once elegant frescoing trokeu and discoloured by time, alone rewarded her patient search. The question whether it entrance could have been made by one of the two doors was instantly answered in the negative. . Dnring the whole of her vigil the previous night her eyes had been wide open^ and the'posi tion of the massive bedstead «U such as'to ren der it absolutely impossible for anyone to enter without tar instant knowledge. ? ? \- That question decided, «ho gave her attention to ihe'examlafttkon of Sob various articles ' of fms Suture/ ? i ? j v ' ??'?€???. y- ??'*??.???}???? f'i;i ? The result wm the«ame. ?? Nothing; to 'onrarel iKhe'myBtery. No sliding' doors, no moyabla ps&ehv; vb;--.- .-:? ?/;?-.-& «?'. * ?--- '?*???-; v**«:i 7 JTaint and sick,' «ne sat down m * gxem.ouk time vkBir, igjfprfeiwb/ ^upltoLriiarBd, #nd draw* close to the hearth, v ?/-,; t-;-^*. -.^w-rnT**-: furnished with f^tt£rlog*ram»«n4 enps«f.gQM| «&ver; and Iroitte. These, with £he lighter but no less costly articles comprised la ?trtae*, -&?&*, l&blea;, ?mall cabinets and Inxuxioosoouohes, made the furnishing of that p&rtof; the chamber devoted to the uses of alwudolr. Beyond this was an aloova, is whioa stood tiie bedstead and toilet appurtenanoea. It ran the whole length of her ohamber, and was partitioned with columns risln? to the celling and curtained with the same priceless tapestry which adorned tho walls. The floor and steps of the estrade were inlaid to match the lower portion of the chamber, and a full and effective view of its interior was afforded by the looped tapestry sweeping back in rich folds to tho columns along their whole stately length. -Nina viewed the apartment from end to end with the fond, appreciative eye of an artist. Gradually, under these healthful influences and the rosy flood of the advancing dawn, her mind drifted from the thoughts of the ghostly visitant of the night to that of the queenly mis tress of the castle. ' They are comparatively poor, I heard her tell Mrs. Jeffries/ she mused, looking thoughtfully around ; 'and yet there is a fortune in this cham ber alone. She said they had paid their debts, and retired with their Lares and Penates to Dia volo Castle, the only home that was left from the wreck. I suppose by ' poor ' she meant it is not always easy to eommand money. And who could blame her for clinging to such household gods as these ? Not L I, too, would rather suffer than At that instant a sharp gust of wind from the open windows caught the tapestry hangings against the wall, rustling1 them with the same Bound that had startled her in tho night. In a moment her mind flew back to the mys terious occurrence. 'Who was it? What was it P' she said to herself, rising and going to the spot Again. ' I do not believe in the supernatural, and yet hew can I account — ' Once more she was interrupted. This time by the opening of one of the doors, or rather, by the sound of Brigitta's voice ; for the door had opened so noiselessly that she had failed to hear it. Her hand was still on the hangings, and her eyes still anxiously scanning the wall, when the maid addressed her by name. Suppressing the scream that nervously rose to her lips at the unexpected voice, ehe loosed her grasp and turned quickly about. ?I beg your pardon. Miss/ began the woman, in surprised, apologetic tones. ' I knocked, hut as you did not answer, concluded that you were still asleep, and as you wished to be waked early, ca— * ' 6he stopped with a startled exclamation. Nina had advanced from the shadowing corner to the full glare of the morning light, showing, as she did so, a face of such deadly pallor that Brigitta was half frightened. Aware that iihe eatasttophe of death was not expected at this time, ehe asked, quickly, anxiously i 'Are you ill, Miss Beauohamp? I mean are you less well than usual f Nina hesitated, eat down, and then, looking hastily up at the woman, asked a totally irrele vent question in rejoinder. ' Is there/ she* inquired, an involuntary shud der running through, her frame as she recalled the dread apparition of the night — ' is there any one about the castle not quite settled in intel lect ? — any one who would conceive it a fine prank to secrete himself in this chamber for the purpose of — ' She hesitated, desiring to express herself in the most careful terms, adding the next mementt ' for the purpose of causing alarm P* The fresh odour in Brigitta's round, fair face paled noticeably. ' What do you mean, Miss Beauchamp ?' she asked, faintly, a mingled surprise and dread in her voice. Struck by the marks of agitation in the wo man's air and tone, Nina answered plainly and to the point. ' Some one was in my room hist night/ she said — ' a tall man, with flowing white hair and beard, and completely wrapped in a winding sheet/ She got no further* 'Oh, great heavens!' gasped Brigitta, her voice scarcely audible, and her face as white as her own white cap. CHAPTER XXIV. JHB PIOTUBB, JUTS A J.TTOKUBSS itESSAQD, f Great heavens 1' repeated Brigitta, shivering from head to foot. * You eaw the master's ghost Miss/ Nina echoed Qx« words, half inquiringly, half contemptuously. Brigitta continued as if the girl had not spoken. 'It's always been said, Miss/ she went on, 'that nobody sees it but the castle folks, and them only a while before daybreak, when it's the darkest. There's many a guest slept here (the haunted chamber it is tailed), but not one before that ever eaw the master, though this,just as it stands, was his own favourite room. The Lord help us t why should he show himn^lf to you P Does he come in anger, or does he come in mercy V Brigitta put those concluding questions looking at Nina with an askance glance, as if in some way the girl had become, aisooi&tad; terrifyingly with ** the'masfcer.' But Nina failed to observe it. She was gazing at the woman in an immeasurable astonishment that burst its way in one alow, amazed question. ' The master's ghost — the haunted chamber — the guests that have slept here/ she repeated, impressively. ' What do you know of all these things, Brigitta t I thought you were a stranger at Dl&yoLo; Castle, and yet you speak like one well acquainted with its secrets/ The blood flowed back to Brigitta'a pale face in one swift, burning tide. The terrors of ' the master's ghost' were for gotten in the present and consequently greater terror of having betrayed herself. Eor one instant she hesitated, guilt depicted on every feature. - The next ehn answered, with a well-asraed air of reproach. ' Sou forget, Miss Beauchmp/ she said, 'that I spent last evening in the servants' hall. The castle's ghost is no secret there, andall thatl know I learned there* I have only repeated what was told me. Miss. And as the servants all sneak of the dead Mr. Allingham as 'the master/' I natu rally fell into—' Nina stopped her, bowing her, head upon one hand in aweary doubt and disgust, and waving the other to enforce silence. 'That -wgR do/ she i said. Then, some subtle instinct warning warning her to he cautious, she added, quietly, raising her head again : ' I was hasty in my conclusions. I did not think of the servants/ . ~ - '' Brigitta's face brightened under an immense sense of relief. ; She continued, garrulously, though her cheek paled a little as she spoke : ' Itfe easy to satisfy yourself, Miss Beauohamp, as to whether it was Mr. AUingham's ghost you «aw. The other door there opens into the room .where your, luggage has been pot. In that room is a email portrait of Mr. .Allingham. One of the men who carried up the luggage pointed it out and told me who it was/ Seized with an unoontrollable desire to see the picture^ Nina hastily rose to her feet. ' But she as quickly dropped b&ck; to her chair again. ? \- You are lalnt, IDsb/ cried Brigitta, running to a console, 'and snatching op a flast of per. fumed water. Nina interposed. * I need nothing/ she said, 'It wfll pass over, if I remain quiet for * Httie/ The woman tkesits&ed; a «-|w«««y4L wn^ then stole foifeft jihs .'pfE *vviwi, ii^ri--^T TgtnrFr^Tg 'or^th the eyes, and with *qnft9^^fc**rjj«jitare, oommanded net to tutu vu6;p£angina]fc96 vo to* ugnt. att»,re7pectfo%/n(rt rfanTtorun any ri«k», yIonVtrougW.m*b^^«li-*o.3j»Te iijWKjy,*ai ?now, vm m puncni -» rowpa. spt%infU|-ft 'Pnnifli -what »w*d tones, *]» wtmtm *t^finyou«aw lastaighV-' :?^ »^} i:r' ;T ?''???'?? ???-:-!; ' ? The event proved her right, and Nina wrong. In spite of herself, the girl's blood seemed sud denly ohllled in her vein*. 'I said so I' cried Brigitta, hoarsely, noticing the wild etare and shivering breath with which her eyes fell upon thepiotured face. With those words she made a hurried move ment toward the room from which. she had jus* come. Nina stopped her on the instant. 'Stay! she said, in clear, calm tones. rI am not frightened. How could I be, gazing at such a face ae that t — a face instinct with every noble aspiration. For a moment I was startled, and etui am deeply mystified.* 'It in the same i' breathed Brigitta. 'It is the same. The young man's face, surrounded by the old man's snowy hair and beard.' 'He went grey in a night T breathed Brigitta again. ' Some shock or other/ she went on, an odd, introverted look in her eyes, as if that shock had been a subject of serious speculation. - ' But what it was nobody knows but the mistress — not even Doctor Allingham, it seems/ Once more that glib utterance, of ' the mis tress.' But this time It escaped Nina's notice. Her intent, fascinated gaze still riveted upon the striking head, she was revolving a certain question. As Brigitta ceased speaking she suddenly looked up and put it. ' I have never/ she said, by way of preface, ' heard the particulars of Mr. Allingham's death/ * Do they say he is dead ; that he is really known to be dead, I mean?' As she spoke those concluding words her eyes went slowly from the woman's face to the spot where she had seen her appalling visitant, thus plainly indicating the doubt in her mind. To Brigitta the question was a grim joke. Had she not seen the coffin lid screwed -down over the master's dead face, and had she not seen the coffin placed in the ground ? A quick smile showed itself 'about her her mouth an instant as Nina's eyes rested on the hangings. The smile suppressed, she answered, ' They told me he died of a slow fever, Miss, and in his bed like a Christian. There's no use/ ehe conoluded, as Nina's gaze returned to her — ' there's no use in thinking he's alive, Miss. It was his ghost you saw, and nothing else t ' Brigitta's face paled a little over those last; words. She could speak lightly enough of the master as dead or dying ; but the master's ghost was a more serious matter. Nina made no reply. She felt it was useless* to combat the woman's superstitious notions, and silently resolving to henceforth sleep with looked' doors, she directed her to restore the picture to ' its place. When Brigitta returned, Nina was already making hasty preparations for her toilet. Doc tor and Mrs. Jeffries were to start for Bftden immediately after an early breakfast, and she desired, above ell things, to be present at the meal. She had, however, been on her feet but a little while when the return of the prostrating faintness 'Put the chamber in order, and make me pre sentable, Brigxtta/ she sighed, 'and then go down and tell them. I am greatly disappointed f but must, perforce, breakfast here/ Mrs. Allingham was the first to appear, run ning np immediately on receiving Brigitta's re port. Her stay was short (breakfast about being served), but her utterances were many, and ef fectively anxious and tender. As soon as breakfast was over, Doctor and Mrs, Jeffries came to make their adieux, the latter in full readiness for her journey. Both felt a certain distress at leaving the girl, but preserved a cheerful demeanour. Nina, on her part, was as considerate of them. * I have made my choice/ she thought j ' and I shall abide by it without indulging in foolish fears or useless repinings. For the pre&ent; I must remain at Diavolo Castle/ Doctor Jeffries examined her carefully, but felt no increase of alarm. The tainfcness was an old symptom,, and its temporary aggravation easily accounted for by over-fatigue -and want of rest. 'A few hours* sleep will set you right again/ he said, cheerfully patting her shoul der with his little fat hand. ' And, my dear/ he continued, 'do not be afraid to trust your self -in JtHiwglnun'n care. He is a man of superior intellect, and most thorough knowledge of his profession. After you ladies retired last night, I had a long and exhaustive conversation with him, and can conscientiously say he under stands your case as well as I do.' ' And what do you think, my dear Nina,' inter polated Mrs. Jeffries, proudly, 'he showed the doctor the manuscript of his forthcoming book ! It's a medical work, and the doctorsaya a magnif icent one 1' * Stupendous !' corrected the doctor, admlr After some further conversation and the many 'last words ' which precede a parting, the kindly but thoroughly duped pair took leave. Nina's eyes followed them in wistful silence till they reached the door. As the doctor opened it ehe suddenly called him, ' Ton will not forget, 'Doctor/ she said, tremu lously, 'to mention my wishes to papa ^mprHfL tely on your return ! If anything should happen me I want them carried out to the letter- re' member 1' ' Happen you ! ' echoed the doctor and his wife, cheerily. ' Nothing is going to happen you but a renewal of health and the merry approach of your wedding day. But never fear, my child, I'll report every word faithfully/ continued the doctor ; ' and more than that, in case of the sad necessity, I will see that your wishes are sacredly ooservea.. Warned by his rising emotions, he hastily closed the door. As he did bo both he and Mrs. Jeffries became aware of the presence Of Mrs. Allrngtin.TTi The surprised, questioning look depicted on her countenance plainly proved that she had heard both request and reply. But, quick to perceive the doctor's gesture, intimating that he would explain below, she silently turned^ and silently led the way down-stairs. At the foot of ike stairs she spoke. Voice and countenance expressive of the. dsepest feeling, she asked hurriedly, 'Have her fears become exoited, doctor F Does she begin to doubt her recovery r 'I think notl I think notl* answered the dootor, with forced cheerfulness j ' though,' : he went on, ' she may be- a trifle depressed this; morning/ 'Her voice certainly indicated it/ remarked Mrs. Allingham, as he paused. 'And her message to her rather indicated lt»* supplemented Mrs. Jeffries. ' Dootor AilitighftTu had joined them as they were speaking, and Doctor Jeffries turned to 'The message/ he explained, 'referred to the event of her death/ startled. Doctor Jeffries went on, ' She entertains/ he said, * some peculiar ideas in that direction— ideas which were engendered by a great shook, received in her childhood, through looking unexpectedly upon a ooffined face, and whiohshe haa for years persisted should be carried out at the time of -her own. death and burial/ * Ah 1 I understand/ exclaimed Doctor AUing ham,.leapi&g; atonoetotheaatore'©! $h» nwMage, ' And may I inquire,' he went on, his voice care fully nodulated to the proper degree of interest* bat his heart throbbing high -with a sudden fierce desire so hear Doctor Jeffries'* answer, 'and nay 1 inquire just what those ideas are t* Without an instant's hesitation Dootor Jeffrie! told him. -??'????? ? ???'-.-- ?: - « ???: ? : ? ^xoung Aittnghftm listened witki*uheaiatea.t fleMMd a growing exaltation It vas bare]* pea ?ibis to oonoeaL ??-??? -»?-??. BV lirtened to tie end. At the «ad he. jweatned,-leep down in his soul, one ominously 4rromphMit word. - ? ' ? ? -' - - ' --'.? ? - ? .? *Bur#karh«iaid, ;.-;.?-??;;??/ ?;?? -; f-; :- 