LATEST Blflî If] SMI. giiSiiljlwSli ¿Lc.iLâi fFsoM. Geevule's Tkleöbam Compaq*.] Monday, received 10,35 p.m. Tho weüt'aor for the past twn days and a half bas been most boisterous, flooding lovr-lying parts of the ! city and suburbs. Since thü coiiimpucezaent of the year fifteen inches has baan the rainfall in the Tïct nity of the metropolis. January w&3, with one exception, the wettest month oí its name for the last forty-three years. The rain extended the lase few days to most of the country districts. At Windsor a man was struck by lightning and his house partly shattered, the man not being seriously injured. At Liverpool, the water dam overflowed, flooding out several families. A son of Mr. Robert Sadlier was drowned in attempting to get away from his home, which was surrounded by water, The first new mail steamers from Australia for Marseilles have left with twelve hundred bales of wool and thirty cases batter. Over a hundred men are constantly engaged in arrangements for floating the Austral. It is believed she will be afloat within a month. The cattle market unaltered ; beef 20a per 100 lbs, Sheep dull ; wetbers, 11s each, On the wharve3 to-day there was a good supply of forage from the Hunter Uiver. Lucerne hay sold at £3 to £4 per ton ; business dull ; maize, 4s to as 3d per bushel, inferior Ss 6d to 4s ; oats, 3s to 3s 9d ; Warrnambool potatoes, £3 15s per ton ; butter, lOd to le per lb. ; eggs, Is 01 to 2s per dozen ; cheese, 4d to 9d per lb. ; bacon, lOd to lid ; ham, 1b to 1b Id ; lard, 8d to 9d ; honey, 5d to Gd. Messrs. Brunker and Wolfes sold by auction lucerne hay from 6S3 up to 86s per ton ; oaten hay, 59s. Lord Clifford, of Chudleigh, who ia on a visit co the colony, has been visiting most of the public In- stitutions, He also visited the Registrar- General's office, his object being to gain information Into the system of transferring lands under the Real Property Act, in which subject he takes a strong interest. Mr, Augustus Morris, one of the special land com- missioners, waited upon Mr. James Mirams, M.L.A., of Victoria, on Saturday morning, and had an inter- view on the subject of the land Byetems of the two olonies. A further interview will take place this morning. Sir John Robertson entertained a large party at his residence, Watson's Bay, on Saturday, at which Mr. Mirams and Mr. J. Thomson, the secretary of the Royal Commission on Victorian tariff, were present Among the guests were Sir Henry Parkes ; Mr, Griffith, leader of the Opposition in the Queensland Assembly; and several members of Parliament. After luncheon the guests ware taken a trip round Middle Harbour. The weather is still threatening ; light rain fell this afternoon, The heaviest flood over known has occurred at Wollongong. It w»s most seveie Bt Dapto and Albion Park. The mailman in attempting to cross the duckhole with a horse and coach was swept away. Two passengers and the mailman bad a narrow escape of being drowned. There is also ¡ fhocs at Windsor, The maize crop is considerably damaged. A heavy sea Is running at North Head and along I the coast. I The California mill a'.eanier arrived at Auckland ' today. Another batch of persons "were summoned before I the police court to-day, for neglecting to send their children to school. Mr, Garnet Walsh, the well-known writer, Is seri- ously iii ia Melbourne. The man Gilboy, the American, who was picked up in an open boat after voyaging from San Fran» cisco, is now ia Maryborough suffering from typhoid fever, Following are the non-acceptances for the Syd« ney Cup ¡-Drummer, Stella, Comet, Henchman, Rainbow, Boniface, Despot, Roy's Wife, Grosvenor! Hilltop, Elastic, Sportsman, Silver Arrow, Thorn topper, Gladiator, Brian Boru, Guesswork, Lord of the Lake, Recovery, Daring the storm on Friday night an accident of a serious nature occurrod at Paddington, A atone wall 22 feet b<gh, erected on the premises of Mi. Zions, Oately.atreet, Paddington-rond, was blown over on the adjacent building, occupied by Mrs, Holt and family. The latter building was all but demolished. The windows and walls were burst in, and the con- tents of the rooms were seriously damaged, A young man, son of Mrs. Holt's, wa9 in one of the rooms most injured, but he escaped unhurt, although he was caught in the debris. The Alexander Duthie arrived to-day from London. Dr. Burt, a passenger, dud from consumption during the voyage. BRISBANE. Monday, The Englishmen won the match against eighteen of Queensland, by one innings and 154 rues. Queensland only made 62 in their first and 49 ia their second innings. MELBOURNE. Monday; The following ara the Mebourne scratchings for the Newmarket Handicap : Baron von Mueller, Sar- donyx, Caima, Chatterer, Declamation, Rooftree, Lothair, Britisher, Lord of Clyde, Euclid, Odd Trick, MuBidora, Mameluke, Verdure, Ghost; The following are the Sydney se ia tellings for the same race :-Morpeth, Creswick, Silver Arrow, Wollon. The following are the horses scratched in Mel- bourne for the Australian Cup :-Taper, Caima, Lothair, Essex, The Sydney scratching« ere Drum- mer and Lord Burghley, In Archbishop Goold's annual pastoral letter read in the Catholic churches yesterday on the question o education. He declared State schools are supported by general texation, and are eo constituted ae to ex- clude Roman Catholic children. An elderly widow named Reilly waa found dead in a bouse at Newlands, with her son, aged thirty, by her ride ia a holpless state of drunkenness, Mrs. R"."!y be'ng afraid to live with her son who threat- ened her life, the latter was bound over to keep the peace, Pending an inquest, young Reilly has been arrested, The ship Berengario, from London, went ashore near Barwon Heads, The passengers were all landed safely, the cargo was thrown overboard, lighters being unable to get alongside. A* further attempt to tow nor off will be made, Mr. Eagers, chairman of the Education Commis- sion, has asked the Attorney- General to proceed against the Age for libal ia tho publication of squibs purporting to be correspondence between himsslf and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen on the work to be done by that Commission. 