BROTHER GARDNER'S FIGURES... The spelling is Dot according to the-dic tionary, but the moral of this arithmetic is first rate:— r • '• • •• ' - " Dia mawcin\ oz X "war welkin* out *mong de sunflowers in de back jard,' began Brother Gardner at the last meeting of the Lime Kiln Club, "Misser Darius Green, de-white'man, come 'long, on' dere was a powerful sad look on his face, ez he leaned ober de fence an* said:' •"ilisfer Gardner, dis sufferin' hcz got to come to a cesse!' - : • "Hez jou got de shakes and chills?" I axed. "'Wuss dan dat, Misscr * Gardner. ; Jze workin* ail'de long week for ten shilling a day, and wh r de money goes I can't tell. De ole woman wants new clothes, de cbillin' want* dis an' d*t, de rent rues behin', and Ize gittin' desperit.' '*' Shoo! now, but let's make some figgers on de fence/ I tole him. ' " *2»ow, den, you chew terhacker V " ' Yes, I chew 'bout ten ceLts* worf a day.' "' Dat s seventy cents a week. An* you drink lager?' " ■ . -. • T-, , '"Well, of course I drink a glass now an' den—majbe fifteen glasses a week.' "' Dat'e serenty-fire cents racah, sabl What ! d'ye do oh Sundays?'! ' * 'OH. go up to de beer garden.* I "'An* you spen'a dollar at lea it?' ! "'Iguess so—maybe two of 'em.' "'Say twelve shiilins, an' dat mnkes two dollars an' ninety-fire cen's. per week. Ircckon you frew away ut least free dollars every week, ftth.* • : *" Frow it away!' 1 "'Yes, sih. Dat money would pay'your rent an' bur your flour.' - " • But a feller must hev some comfort.' "' De same, tab J)e greatest comfort in de world am'to sea de rent paid up, de family dressed up, de table loaded down, an' de ole woman able to go to church. You frow away free dollars every week, sab, an' den jou: go roun' cussin* de times, de wedder, and de'man who hez saved his money.' "Gen'ien, dat white man call me «n ole black fool an a dog stealer, but dat didn't alter de case a bit. He is frowln' away one-third of his weekly wages, an' den' blowin' round' dat he's gettin' d»sper.t an' rsady to head a riot. Dotn' let me hcah any-'member o'dis club apinnin* dat yarn, kase if he does dars gwine to be a committee of inreriigasoun, an' dat com mittee won't whitewash wurf a cent," ' ;A.Bbab Ghost SioriYi-^Say you've seen duo • : Fbebdou of tuf.Citv.—A knife and fork for you always at the Mansion House.,, ; '■ A Tbub SriitiT Medium.—A publican who deals in spirits which are what he calls tlicm. Seasonable ;riiiniTrl—Tn a.,'severely, lift Midsummer: Ice kitchens in Leicester Square. Wnr is a verbal, confession bettor than a written one ? Because a no-pen confession is good for the soul. W. ••• ' IAmbi's fighting qualities should "occasion no' surprise. Though still young, lie is living* w'ltli his thirdVifei . ' ''' ' ' Heaves lies about,us in,our, infancy,'- says tho poet.. Mcs, and our, neighbours, lie about us wheu we grow up., iA cebtaix musical critic is so full of music that lis finds it impossible to eat his meals save with a tuning-fork.: - : ' ' The Best Toast to Pbotose —To gentle men who have'not already drunk inore than is' good for them: ' An anchovy toast. Fboh ocb • Maniacal Meteorologist.— Why ;is .a storm-signaller like , an askcr of riddles Beesusehe's a cono aud-drummir! 1 I Mythology pob the Million.—The Titans were !giants ' who warred: against Jupiter.. Bacchanals—tight 'uns of another description.' i | Isquiby .fob . Evolutionists. — Can the long-lingering belief in.tlie virtue of tlib. divid ing rod be regarded. as, the survival'of .tho fit test?, ' j Mobs than half the newspapers in the world are printed in the English language; that is to say,-in such- 'English as the writer happens - to have on hand; | EDrcAiios lit Cnssisd:—At tlie' School of . Art and Design Open to Lodicsi It ivill give a ei:l a' few 'v agi:l' af few • wrinkles' long before' they're' required. ' ' " ; Neck ob Nothing.—-A, fellow was caught, stealing, cravats. ..When, collared,, he .excused h'imself-on: the ground that lie , wes 'only taking stock.' • j Fa'shi ok now'decrees that a bridal tour need not last over three days,-and'some one says,' 'i most any.sort of-_a couple-can- remain within doors that long." ' { TnEYsay-'A may- is k'nown bylbisi asso ciates.' Of course be is; a man can't associate with .people-for any length of time without their'knowing him. -■• •- • | OBtHOGBAPHrcAB:A>'ECDOTE.'—Afbibuhter, one wet day, sent to a circulating, library, and ordered''' Kcnilworth,"' under? the' impression that it was a sporting novel; [_ ■ . 1 Cos. fob De. Cabpextsb.—Why is a young lady who is very much opposed to tight Jacing like a seller of pens, ink, and paper ?.. Because she is a stay-sliunner, to be,sure ! '{ ' A'WISCONSIN-man has * ci'pectora ed: an' umbrella tip he swallowed in 1874'—so an ex change tells US* -This proves conclusively- that even swall'.wing ah umbrella won't' keep it in the family. , ■'-- - ; ' ■ * ' " ' A New Yobk stone cutter received the?fol lowing epitaph' from a German to be ciit upon the tombstone of-his wife: 'Mine rife Susan is dead., If she had lived till hex' Friday she'd beeni dead shust two-weeks.' , .'A, distinguished novelist observes that he would like to hold an official position in: a Cathedral, as he would then never be at a loss for a chapter; and asfor'ecribbling paper, there would always be a quireTeady at hand.' ■ • ; A New.York paper says 'the ice pitcher is more fatal than alcohol.1 That depends.1 A" ics'pitcher is a harmless thing in itself; but if a man were to shallow one he would no doubt 'wish he had taken a pint of alcohol instead. 1 " Fishy but Fact.—The Court of Aldermen and the Common Council may r.ot be coiiimcnij aware of the circumstance that whitebait are in season to be had atj ha«ing been caught off, Cowes. "Whitebait and Isle of Wight bait. An old;bachelor, was courting a widow, and .both had sought the aid of. art to .give. their r fading hair ti dirVer shade. * That is . going to be an affectionate ..couple/ said a wag. ' How.so.?' .' J hey are both . dying for each, other already.' . .... .-..J Athysician, on .presenting his bill to th'o l executor of the will of a deceased patient, asked, '.Do you wi?h to bave mr bill sworn?' 'No/^replied the executor, 'the death of the deceased is sufficient cvidcncethal you attended hiro professionally.' Josh'Bielixgs says, 'Ihaven't much doubt but that man sprang from the monkey, but wliat bothers me is where the monkey spring from * Why'Josh, monkeys spring from trees It is astonishing that a man of your perception should never have noticed ibis fact. Folk 10BE.—'Tinker, tailor, soldier, tailor, apothecary, plougbboy, thief.' - (Classification in a category traditional umonsst schoolboys of the old school) Why apothecary (respectable medical practitioner) on a plurc with thief? Perhaps, because he lives by pillage.. The Impending Chinaman. — Policeman (who had be n whist lin* down this area all the morning) : ;' Ullo ! What arc • you doing 'ere? Is the cook in ?' Chinaman (blandlr) ; 'Me am cook*y.' [• You "might bare knocked him down with a peacock's feather,' he s'jid.l ' Lshould like to fiavo a coin dated the year of ray birth/ said a maiden lady of uncertain age to a.male acquaintance. • Ho you think you could get one for me?' 'I am afraid not,' lie replied. "These very - old coins arc only to be found in valuable collections.' When" Mrs Tubblcs awoke (she sleeps very soundly) the morning after that farmer's din ner, she found John by her side with his boots on and the umbrella open 1 His explanation was that,'brides being very tired, he perhaps 'fansh'd there wash'ahloriu comin* on !' It came, 1 Rustic WiT.r-Farmcf Hodgo' (beaming) • ' Guess, Giles, your Buoy soon'll bo a brido.' Faririer Giles (darkly) : 'If Bill'don't blow Ins brains, eoiit fore tlio bridal'.' .Farmer Hodge (astonished): € XTc'l' Wlioy?*; Farmer' Giles (chuckling) : ' Ho's always iit our Suey's sido, which shows bis tendencies, arc Suey-side /AsToyisiiixa Tiiu Natives.'—FhvtAliino Tourist : .t I say, Will, are you asleep ?? Second Tourist: ;'Asleep? ;No, i..should, thinknot!. Hung it, how tiny* bito!' Hrat.Tourist: ', Try, mv dotlgo. Light your, pipe and blow, a ; cloud under; the; clothes!; They; let »go ..directly., There's a lot perched on tbe foot-bar of iny bed. .npw-rcoughiug like mad!? . ;.n r j :. f .A Kicir ; but illiterate . Glasgow.1 merchant built-a mansion.' lie ordered a'library, riot becnu-o lie ever read, but because' other rich men had libraries, and he desired that his house should be complete- Repairing I© alurge bookseller; lie bespoke a certain nunibor of books, of different sizes to suit the height of his shelves. The selection of suitable:\rorks was of secondary '-importance* to him,1 arid was left to tlie experience of the bookseller. • • Ycs^sir,* said the latter, wclhplcasbd witb so large and liberal an order • 'and how do you'.wish them; bound - in Russia or Morocco "Roosia and Morpcy, indeed,* angrily replied the untravelled Croesus, who bated foreigners'-and -foreign 'things; 'I'll hae theiri boon in Glasgie ; nano b' your Roosiis and Morockys for mo.'" ' • In the ante-bellum day a A New York grocer raised the price rf a certain grade of tea,from jthirty-eight to forty-fire; cents,. and * an, old 'farmer'who cam©..in' witli a barrel .of cider, 'vinegar to sell '.could -hardly credit his senses' when told that his favourite brand of tea had advanced several cents per priind,. ' What on airtli is the reason for this sudden raiso? .lie inquired. ' Scarcity of tea chests,* was tho brief; answer. 'Do you want any vinegar?V .'How* much ' Eight cents a gallon." 1 I.only'paid, you seven for the last.', Tea;'but .cider lias raised, you iee.\ ' What has brought,cider up ?* askfd the astonished grocer. 'Scarcity of bung hole plugs,' was the iquiet but fserious "rcply. Tliey looked at each other without winking arid, then tca;droppcd back to llurtyreight'ceats'and • vinegar to*seveii cents. .... ? . .... 7.. . \ Last winter n great religious revival was he'd; in a! c?rlain Ohio neighbourhood, and-several good men broughfcall tiieiriofh enco to bear on a certain fanner named Harris. - Aftcrmnny efforts be was brought to the anxious'seat; and then; they ■ had llie'happiness^of !liearing:liitu announce that he felt himself- saved:\ In the course of three or four days the minister mot him and asked::' Well, brother'Harris/h'o«v do you feel?-' * 'Ob, kinder plaguev mean,' was the reply; - 'You do!' What is the trouble? ' '.Well, I hadn't found7 tho Lord over twenty minutes before I ?ruri across a fruit-tree agent who beat me out of 15 dols- last year, There I was ready to fly into tho gates of-heaven/and there he:;was,-' chuckling-to think of . how ho worked off a lot of crab-apple trees on me for a new kind of pear!: I couldn't even breakhis neck, and the old woman she got in and said I was alius git tin'in a box, and tho-hull thing has sorter stirred me up till I ban'tsay whether I'd rather lick a lightning-rod man or.ba an aogeh' ! k •; * 