THE POSTMAN'S STORY. " As I was saying, ft was Valentine's day, 1872\. My routo was from Seventh to Twelfth on Spruce street. The locality was a good deal moro fashionable then than now, and some vqry high-toned' folks lived there. We won't mention no naraes nor give no numbers, but the particular young lady I'm going to tell you about lived just above Tenth street. I had a pretty big load and was not in the' beat of temper with my work, hat when a beautiful young lady opened the door her self in her eagerness to get the large envelope which was addressed to her, and smiled her thanks at me, I felt a different man. Nor did I feci the worse after the hot oup of coffoe which a servant hadready for me, as instructed by the young lady, for it was a bitter raw morning and the bullet wound in the shoulder, which I got at the second battle of Bull Bun, was twitching very ba«. Now a postman can't help noticing liis letters a bit*. Every body hasn't got a letter box to drop 'em in of course, I am referring to routes of private houses-and you are often kept waiting a half minute or BO at the door, The things I've read on postal cards arc a caution I can tell you, A postman learns a good deal acoiden. tally about other people's affairs-but to come baok to tho young lady, " I took an interest in her from that lltb day ol .February, and generally glanced at her envelopes. She got a good many, but nearly all were in ladies' handwriting; letters from girl friends and invitations to balls and recep tions and such like, I gue ss. The exceptions were letters in a bold, masculine handwriting, oil written by the same1 man ; there was no doubt about that. At first I brought them once ft week, and then, after a little while, every day, and sometimes twice a day. She often took them in hersolf, and I always felt happy for the rest of the day. Her bright Kinila sort of went through me.. Onee or twice I received a lotter from hor to post to him, I was sure, not that she told me so, but I could tell it was by the way she blushed when she handed them to me. I looked at the address and name. It was a broker on Third street. On the June following the Valentine's Day the family went away, and did not return from out of town until Ootober, but I did not see the young lady, nor did I have any letters for her. 'Hasn't she re turned yet?' I asked the colored waiter. 1 Oh, hp, she won't be here till Christmas. She i t now on the " continong" with her hus band, They were married at Newport in August.' 'Oh,' says I. And I thought no more of the matter : events had taken their natural course by ending in marriage, as all properly regulated love-letters ought to do. . " Sho came. back with her husband at Christmas, and began housekeeping in the same squaro as her family, so I delivered her letters.. She saw mo on Now Year's Day, and did not forget me, either. What she gave me was sufficient to buy my wife a worm cloak for the winter, with enough left over for a pair of shoes for the baby. The newly-married couple had a heap of letters of all sorts kinds and descriptions, Invitations in any number for both.of them, and plenty of female cor respondence for her. Ho seemed to get let ters from all parts of the world, between them they had more than the rest of the square put together. .There seemed to be some change by April. The envelopes of the letters hod the names of store-keepers on them, and doubtless contained bills. The following month similar letters oamo very thiokly in deed, and so did lettors with the namos o! lawyers on the upper right hand corner of the envelopes. He seemed to be always at hemej for he often came to the door himself and took the lettors from me, as if anxious for the ser I vants not to see them. A good-looking man ho was, with a proud manner and a dissipated face. «»We are going away to-morrow,' said the colored , servant one morning, as I handed him the ordinary batch. " ' Out of town ?' I asked. "1 Out of dis town, I guess,' he replied, with a grin. 1 The sheriff's officers are in the house.' " When I was delivering the letters the next day, a hack drove up to the door, and I lingered a moment out of ouriosity. Tho lady came down leaning on her husband's arm, looking so miserable and alteied I hardly recognised her. She must, have notieed the expression on my face for she nodded to me and Smiled; but such a,ghost of a smile I A fow days afterward the things in the house wore sold by auction, and new people oame to liye there; and soon, amid the, many thoushft of life; I forcot all about the young lady. ",It was in the summer of X877» when I got ;put on a route in Germantown, I was*not very well, and thought the country walking would do mo good, so l changed routes, with tho permission of the postmaster, with a com* rade who worked, as I said, in Germantown. Sorting out my letters,''as I served one of the pretty, leafy avenues{ I came across ono ad* dressed to the old familiar name, Mrs. -» and in the husband's handwriting. Tho postmark was Colorado; so he was awayt that was evidont. She was sitting on the porch of a pretty little oottage, with a child in hor arms. It was easy to sue she was no longer rioh. Tho dresses of liorself and oliild| and the smallness and dirtiness of the Irish servant maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, donoted the fact at a glance; but she did not look unhappy, and she know me at onoo, ' . " Why, postman, she exclaimed, " is it pos sible it ean be you ?' "' Yes, ma'am, I says, 'it is; thanking you kindly for remembering mo, and here is one of his letters for you.' " Sho took it from mo with tho old eager ness, and as sho turned to go into tho house I noticed her pressing it to her lips. Ho didn't write very often to hor-evory two or threo weeks, not more, while sometimes muoh longer intervals elapsed. It used to make me quite miserablo when I notioed her pleading face as I passed morning after morning with out anything for her. "' You arc quite sure you havo not got one, postman'", she would ask. 11 Quito sure, ma'am. Tho Westorn mail is lata to-day-not delivered till to- morrow," was my faltering excuse. " Christmas Day arrived, and I had not delivered a letter from the husband since the middle of October. Sho no longer came tp the door now. The little servant girl told me her mistress was nearly always ill. At last I brought a letter from Colorado-on tho last day of the yoar; and then I dolivered one rogularlv onca or twice a week, until Febru ary. The lady began to come to tho door again, looking something like her former bright self. " The 14th of February-Valentino's Day -oamo round, and I had a Colorado letter for the lady; but it was not in the husband's handwriting. She eame to the door. '"Here is a valentine, ma'am,' says I, cheerily. . I hope it will make you as happy as the ono I delivered to you in Spruce street about five years ago.'" " Thankj you, 'postman,'" sho replied, 'and I have got a hot oup of coffee for you.' , "1 She took the letter, eyed it ouriously, and opened it with trembling fingers, I was watching her while sipping my ooflee-a glance at the contents, and she fell baok life* less, The little Irish girl eame up immedia* tely, and between us wo carried the lady into the parlour, and laid her on the sofa. Then I took up my mail bag, for ol course I could not wait, and oontinucd my delivery. A fevV houses away lived a doctor, and I told hifl servant there was a sick lady who required medioal aid. I had no letters for the cottage the next morning, but the little servant rushed out to tell me the lady waB dying, and the letter from Colorado was from a police justice, saying the husband had run away with a woman to Australia, taking with him a large sum of money he had stolen from his employers, The letter also said it was sup* posed, where he was'working, that tho woman, who was his companion, was married to him, until a scaroh among the defaulter's papers disclosed tho existence of a wife ia . Philadelphia. Before the week had closed, there was a bow of crape on the cottage door, and the dootor's certificate said, 'Died of a broken heart.' Have you got a matoh about you, sir j my pipe has gone out," and the postman trudged ofi( homeward with his mate, the letter-sorter, 