SELECTED POETRY. SEPTEMBER IN AUSTRALIA.. Grey Winter hath gone, like a wearisome guest, And behold, for repayment, September comes in with the wind of the West, And the Spring in her raiment ! The ways of the frost hare been filled of the flowers While the forest discovers Wild wings with the halo of hyaline hour?, ' And a music of lovers. . September, the maid with tho swift, silver feet 1 She glides, and she graces The valleys of coolness, tho slopes of the heat. With her blossomy traces. Sweet month witha mouth that is made of a rose. She lightens and lingers In spots where the harp of tho evening glows, Attuned by her Angora. The stream from its home in the hollow hill slips In a darling old fashion; And tho day gooth down with a song on its lips. Whoso key-note is passion. Far oat in the fierce Jbitter front of the sea, I stand and remember Dead things that were brothers and sisters of thee. Resplendent September. The West, when it blows at the fall of the noon. And beats on the beaches, Xs filled with a tender and tremulous tune Th&t; touches and loaches: The stories of Tooth, of the harden of Time, And the death of Devotion, Come hack with the wind, and are themes of tho rhyme. In the waves of the ocean. - .We, having a secret to others unknowi In the cool mountain-mosses, May whisper together, September, alone Of onr loves and our losses. - One word for her beauty, and one for grace She gay© to tho hours; And thou wo may kiss her, and suffer her face To sleep with the flowers. High places that know of the gold and tho white On the forehead of Morning, Now darken and quake, and tho steps of the Night Are heavy with warning I Her voice in the distance is lofty and loud, Through tho echoing gorges; She hath hidden her eyes in a mantle of cloud. And her feet in the. surges! On the tops of the hills; on the turreted cones— Chief temples of thunder— The gale, like a ghost, in the middle watch moans, Gliding over and under, Tho sea, flying white through tho rack and tbo rain, Leapeth wild at the forelands; And the plover, whose cry is' like passion with pain. Complains in tho moorlands. 0, season of changes—of shadow and shiner— September tbo splendid ! ' My song hath no music to mingle with thine. And its burden is ended; But thou, being born of the winds and the son. By mountain, by river. May lighten and listen, and loiter and ran. With tby voices for ever. Remit Khsdall, 