AN AltTIST'S GHOST STOllW j TUB STRANGE KXFEMEKCK OF THOMAS UnAPHV, I TUB I.ONDON ACADEMICIAN. A KU&inER; of years ago there appeared in Ad tJir Year H'wiid, then conducted by Charles J)ickcns, a paper entitled *4J,,mir Stories.' ^ Ojic of them purported in be the supernatural experience of 41 one Mr. H., an artist.' Shortly after its ap pearance Dickens received a note from Thomas Heaphy, H.A., in which he good-humoredly stated that he was tho ' Mr. H.,' and that tho expe rience was his, bat that lie did not understand lunv it lmd got into print. He also forwarded a co: - ranted version. In his reply Dickens wrote : Gad's Hii.lPi.acb, IIir.nAM- iiY«nocHESTj:R, Ktyr, Sunday, September 15, 1861. Dbar Sir : Allow mo to express to you the sincere rogret 1 feel that your most remarkable story (which I have read with great interest)* should have hcen innocently forestalled in tho pages of my journal. At the same timo I must add that your own version of the exporicnce is so vory curious, and so much more striking than the account sent tome, that 1 shall bo happy lo pub lish it in All the Year Hound, if you should feci disposed to entrust it to mo for that x»'l-ose. I received tho story published 'in that journal first among the 44 Four Ghost Stories ' from a gentle man of a distinguished position, both literary and social, who, I do not doubt, is well known to you by reputation. Ife did not send it to me as his own, but as tlie work of a young writer in whom ho feels an interest, and who previously contri buted (all through hiin) another ghost story. I will immediately lot him know what correspon dence I have had with you ; and you shall Imj made acquainted with the nature of his reply. 4 Faithfully yours, Charlks Dickens. P.S. — I observe in your naiTative that you men tioned the young lady's eating tho beef and drink ing the^fclaret. Do you remember whether the joint was placcd on the tablo or caned on the side-board ? — and whether you seemed to seo the figure served as the three mortal^ wero, or seemed to find ft already carved without noticing the progress ? Thero has just appeared in London a little pamphlet containing tho true version of tliis strange story, written by Mr. Heaphv himself. He died not long ago, and the pamphlet is issued » by liis wife. It is published by Griffith and Farran, and makes a brochure of eighty-seven pages. The narrative is appended. — Ed. I am a painter. One morning in May, 1S5S. I was seated in my studio at my usual occupation. [A paragraph or two is omitted, as ouly intro ducing a lady and gentleman — Mi*, and Mrs. Kirkbcck.] My new visitors were strangers to me.- They had seen a portrait I had painted, and wished for likenesses of thcmsolves and their children. Tlie price I named did not deter them, and they asked to look around the studio to select the style and size they should prefer. ? Tho inspection proving satisfactory, they asked whether I could paint the pictures at their house, in the country, and there being no difliculty ou this point, au engagement wns made for tho following autumn, subject to my , writing, to fix the timo when I might be able to leave town for the purpose. This being adjusted, tho gentleman gave me his card and they left. Shortly afterward, on looking at the card left hy the strangers, I was somowhat disappointed to find that though it contained tits names of Mr. i I and Mrs. Kirkbcck, thero was no addross. 1 tried to find it by looking at tho 'Court Guide,' but it contaiued lie such name; so I pnt tlie card in my writing-desk, and forgot for a time the entire ! transaction. I Autumn came, and with it a series of cngage j ments I had made iu the North of England. To I ward the end of September, 1858, 1 was ono of a dinner-party at a country house at the confines of Yoskshirc and Lincolnshire. Tho party was a numerous one, and as the meal approached its termination, and was about to subside into tlie dessert, the conversation became general. I should here mention that my hearing is defective, at some times more so than at others, and on this particular evening I was extra deaf — so much so that the conversation only reached mo in the form of a continued din. At ono instant, however, I heard a word distinctly pronounced, though it was uttered by a person at a considerable distance from me, and that word was ' Kirkbcck.' In the business of the London season I had forgotten all about tlie visitors of the spring who had left their card without, the address. The word reaching me under such circumstances arrested my attention, aud immediately recalled the transaction to my remem brance. On tho first opportunity that offered I asked a person whom I was conversing with if a family of the name in question was resident in the neighborhood. I was told, in reply, that a Mr. Kirkbcck lived at A ? , at the farther end of the county. The next morning I wrote to this per son, saying that 1 believed he called at my studio in the spring, and had made an arrangehicnt with me, which I was prevented from fulfilling by there being no address on his card ; furthermore, that I should shortly lie in his neighborhood, on my re turn from the' north, but should I bo mistaken in addressiug him, 1 begged he would not trouble himself to reply to my note. 1 gave as my address, The Post-otlice, York. On applying there, tluce days afterwards, I received a note from Mr. Kirk bcck, stating that lie was very glad he had heard from me, aud that if I would call on my return he would arrange about tho pictures ; ho also told mo to write a day before I proposed coining, that he might not otherwise engage himself. It was ulti mately arranged that 1 should go to his. house the succeeding Saturday, and stay till Monday morning ; transact afterward what matters 1 had to attend to in Loudou, and return in a fortnight to execute tho commissions. The day having arrived for my visit, directly after breakfast I took my placo in the morning train from York to London. The train would stop at Doncastcr, aud after that at Retford Junction, where I should have to get out in order to take the lino through' Lincoln to A ? . The day was cold, wet, foggy, and every way as disagreeable as I have ever known a day to be in au English October. The car riage iu winch 1 was seated had no other occu pant than myself, but at Doncastcr a lady 'gut in. My place was hack to the engine and next to the door. As that is considered the ladies' seat, I offered it to lier; she, however, very graciously de clined it and took tho corner opposite, saying, in a very agreeable voice, that she liked to feel tho breeze on her cbe?k. The next few minutes were occupied in locatiug herself. There was the cloak to t-c spread under her, the skirts of the dress to be arranged, the gloves to be tightened, and such other trifling arrangements of plumage as ladies are wont to make before settling themselves com fortably at church or elsewhere, the last and most important being the placing back over her hat the veil that concealed her features. I could then see that tho lady was young, certainly not more than two or three and twenty ; hut being modcrntely tall, rather robust in make, and decided in ex pression, she might have been two or three years younger. I suppose that her complexion would be termed a medium ono ; her hair being of a bright brown or pubum, wliile her eyes and rather deci dedly marked eyebrows' were nearly black. The color of her checks was that pale transparent hue that sets off to such advantage large, expressive eyes an equable, .firm expression of mouth. On the whole, ihe ensemble was ratlior handsome than beautiful, her expression having that agreeable depth and harmony al-out it tliat rendered her face and features, though not 6tiictly regular, infinitely more attractive than if they had been modelled up on the strictest rules of symmetry. It is no small advantage, on a wet day and a dull, long journey, to have an agrcoabl6 com panion; one who can 'converse and whose con versation has sufficient substance in [it to make one forget the length and the dreariness of . the journey. In -this respect I liad no deficiency to complain of, the lady being docidcdty and agree ably conversational. When she liad settled herself to her satisfaction, she asked to be allowed to look at my Bradshaw, and not being a proficient in that difficult work, she requested my aid in ascer taining at wliat time, the train passed tlirougb llet ford on its way back from London to York. The convcrsatiou turned afterwards on general topics, and, sowewliat to my surprise, she led it into such I particular subjects as I might be supposed to be I more especially familiar with ; indeed, 1 could not ' avoid remarking tliat her entire manner, wliile it was anything but forward, was that of ono who had cither known me personally or by report. Thei« was in her manner a kind of confidential jc liance when she listened to me tliat is not usually accorded to a stranger, and sometimes she actually seemed to refer to different circumstances with winch I liad been comiccted in times past. After about three-quarters of an hour's conversation, the train arrived at Retford, where I was to change carriages. On my alighting and wishing her good morning, she made a slight movement of the baud, as if she meant me to shake it, aud on my doing I so she said, by way of adieu : ' I dare say we shall | meet again ; ' to which 1 replied : ' I hope wo shall all meet again,' and so parted, she going on thn line toward Loudou and I through Lincoln shire to A ? . The remainder of tlie journey was cold, wet, and dreary. I missed the agi-eoahlr conversation, and tried t-- supply its placo with a liook 1 had brought with me from York, and the Tunes newspaper, which 1 had procured at llet ford. But the most disagreeable journey comes to auondat last, and half-past five iu tho evening found njc at the termination of mine. A carriage was waiting for me at tho station, where Mr. lurklieck was also expected by the same train, but as he did not appear it was concluded ho would come by the next — half an hour later; accordingly the carriage drove away with myself only. . The family being from homo at the momont, and tho dinner hour being seven, I wont at oncc to my room to unpack and to dress. Having com pleted those operations, 1 descended to the draw ing-room. It probably wanted some time to the dinner hour, as the lamps wore not lighted, but in their ylaco a large blazing lire throw a flood of light into every corner of the room, aud more especially over a lady who, 'dressed in deep black, was standing by tho chimney-place wftrming a very handsome foot on the edge of tho fender. Her faco being turned away from the door by which 1 had entered, I did not at first see her features. On my advancing into tho middle of the room, however, the foot was immediately withdrawn, and she turned round to accost me, when, to my pro found astonishment, I perceived that it was none other than my companion in the railway carriage. She betrayed no surprise at seeing mc. On the contrary, with ono of those agreeable, joyous cx Sressions that makes the plainest woman appear eautiful, she accosted mc with : ' I said we should meet again.' My bewilderment at that moment almost de prived me of utterance. 1 knew of no railway or other means hy which she could have come. I. had certainly left her in a London train, and had seen it start, and the only conceivable way in which she could have come was by going to Peter borough, and then returning by a branch to A ? , a circuit of about ninety miles. As soon as my surprise enabled mc to speak, I said that I wished that I had coiuo hy the same conveyance as herself. 'That would have hcen rather difficult,' she rejoined. At this moment tho servant came \vith tho lamps, aud informed mo that his master had jast arrived, and would bo down in a few minutes. The lady took up a book containing some engravings, and having singled one out (a portrait of Lady A ? ), asked me to look at it well, and tell her whether I thought it like her. I was engaged trying to get up an opinion when Mr. and Mrs. Kirkbeck entered, and, shaking me heartily hy the hand, apologized for not being at home to receive me ; the gentleman ended by re questing me to take Mrs. Kirkbcck iu to dinner. The lady of the house having talcen my arm, wo marched on.' I certainly hesitated a moment to allow Mr, Kirkbeck to pass on first with the mysterious lady in black, but Mrs. Kirkbeck not soeming to understand it, we passed on at once. The dinner party consisting of us four only, we fell into our respective places at the table without difficulty, the mistress and master of 'the house at the top and bottom, the lady in black and myself on each side. The dinner passed much as is usual on sue]) occasions. I having to plav the guest, directed my conversation principally, if not exclu sively, to my host and hostess, and I can not call to mind that I or any oue else once addressed the lady opposite. Seeing this, and remembering something that looked like a slight want of atten tion to her on coining into tho dining-room, I at once concluded that she, was the governess. I observed, however, that she made an excellent dinner; she seemed to appreciate both the beef and the tart, as well as a glass of claret afterward; probably she had had no luncheon, or the journey had given her an appetite. The dinner ended, the ladies retired, and after the usual port Mr. Kirkbeck and I joined them in the drawing-room. By this time, however, a much larger party had assembled. Brothcrsand sisters in-law had come in from their residences iu the neighborhood, and several childrcu, with Miss Hardwick, their governess, were also introduced to me. I saw at once that my supposition as to tho lady in black being tho governess was incorrect. After passing the time necessarily occupied in complimenting tho childreu, and saying something to the different persons to whom I was introduced, I found mj'self again iu conversation with tho lady of the railway carriage, and as the topic of tho evening had referred principally to portraitpaint : ing, she continued the subject : ' Do you think you could paint my portrait ? ' tho lady inquired. 'Yes, I think I could, if I had the oppor tunity.' j ' Now, look at my faco well : do you think yeu 1 could recollect my features ? ' . 44 Yes, I am sure I should never forget your fea tures.' ' Of course, I might have expected you to say ? that ; but do you think you could do me from | recollection?' ' Wsll, if it bo necessary, I will try; hut can't you give me any sittings ?' I 'No, quite impossible; it could not he. It is I said that the print 1 showed to you before dinner I is like me ; do youlhink so?' 1 'Not much,' I replied; 'it has not your ex I pression. If you can give me only one sitting, it i would be better than none.' ' No : 1' don't see how it could bo.' The evening being by this time -pretty far nd : vanced, and the chamber candles being brought in,* on the plea of beiRg rather tired, sho shook me heartily by tho hand and wished me good-night. My mysterious acquaintance caused mo no small pondering during tho night. I. had never been in troduced to her ; I had not seen her speak to any i -one during the entire evening — not oven to wish thorn good- night. How she got across the country was an inexplicable mystery. Then, why did she wish mo to paint her from memory, and why could | she not give mc even one sitting ? Finding the : difficulties of the solution of these questions rather | increased upon mc, I made up my mind to defer iurther consideration of them till breakfast-time, when I supposed the matter would receive some : elucidation. j The brealcfast now came, but with it no lady in | black. The breakfast over, we went to church, came home to luncheon, aud so on through the day, but still no lady, neitlior any reference to her. 1 then concluded tliat she must be some relative who had gone away early iu tho morning to visit another member of the family living close by. 1 was much puzzled, however, by no reference wliaterer being made to lier, aud finding n«i oppor tunity of loading any part of my conversation i with the family toward tho subject, I went to lied j the second night more puzzled than ever. On the servant coming in in the morning 1 ventured to ask him tho mime of the lady who dined at the tablo on Saturday evening, to which ho an swered : , 'A lady, sir? No lady — only Mrs. Kirkbeck, ! sir.' I ' Yes, the lady who sat opposite me, dressed in I black?' 'Perhaps Miss Hardwick, tho governess, sir?' 44 No, not Miss Hardwick ; she came down after ! ward.' ^ I ' No lady as I see, sir.' 4 ' ' Oh, dear mc, yes ! The lady dressed iu black who was in the'drawing-room when I arrived, be j fore Mr. Kiikbeck came home?' , The man looked at me with surprise, as if he doubted my sanity, and only answered : 44 1 never soc any lady, sir,' and thou left. I . Tho mystery now appeared more impenetrable j than ever. I thought it over in every possible as I pcct, but could come to no conclusion upon it. I Breakfast was early that morning, in order to 1 allow of my catching the morning train to Lon l don. The same causo also slightly hurried us, and allowed no time for conversation beyond that having direct reference to the business that brought mo there ; so, after arranging to return to paint the portraits on that day three weeks, I made i my adieus and took my departure for town. I It is only necessary for mc to refer to my second ' visit to the house in order to state that I was assured most positively, both by Mr. and Mrs. I Kirkbcck, that no fourth person dined at the tablo I on the Saturday evening m question, as they had | debated whether they should ask Miss Hardwick, the governess, to take the vacant 6eat, but had I decided not to do so ; neither could they recall to | mind any such pcrsou as I descrilied iu the whole circle of their acquaintances. Some weeks passed. It was close upon Christ mas. The light of a short winter day was draw ing to -a closo, and I was seated at my table writing letters for the evening post. My back was towards the folding doors leading into the room in which my visitors usually waited. I had been eugaged some minutes hi writing, when, without hearing or seeing auytliing, I became aware that a person bad come through the folding-doors, and was then standing beside me. 1 turned, aud beheld tb6 lady of tho railway carriago. I suppose tliat my manner indicated that 1 was somewhat startled, as the lady, after the usual salutation, said : ' Pardon mo for disturbing you. You did not ! hear me come in.' llcr inumier, though it was more quiet aud sub-* ducd than I liad known it before, was hardly to be termed grave, much less sorrowful. There was a change, but it was that land of change only which may often be observed from the frank impulsive ness of an intelligent young lady to tbe composure and self-possession of that same young lady when she is cithor betrothed or has recently become o matron. She asked me whether I had made any attempt at a likeness of her. I was obliged to confess that I had not. Sho regretted it much, as sho wished ono for her father. Sh« had brought an -engraving (a portrait of Lady 31. A.) with her that she thought would assist me. It was like the one sho had asked my opinion upon in the house in Lincolnshire. It liad always boon considered very like her, and she would* leave it with mo. Then (putting lier hand impressively on my arm) sho ndded she ' really would lie most thankful and grateful to mo if I would do it.' And, if I recollect rightly, she added : 44 as much depended on it.' Seeing sho was so much in earnest, I took up my sketch-book, and, by the dim light that w as still remaining, began to make a rapid pencil-sketch of her. On observing my doing so, however, instead of giving me what assistance she was able, she turned away, under the pretence of looking at the pictures around the room, occas ionally passing from one to another, so as to enable mo to catch a momentary glimpse of her features. Iu this manner I made two hurried but rather expressive sketches of lier, which, being all that the declining light would allow me to do, I shut my book and she prepared to leave. This tune, instead of the usual 'Good morning,' she wislied me an impressively pronounced ' Good bye,' firmly holding, rather than shaking, my hand while she said it. I accompanied her to the door, outside of which she seemed rather to fado into the darkness than to pass through it. But I referred this impression to my own fancy. I immediately inquired of the servant why she had not announcod the visitor to mc. She stated that she was not aware there had lieen one, and that any one who had entered must have dono so ? when she had loft the street-door open, about half an hour previously, while she went across the road for a moment. Soon after this occurred I had to fulfil an en gagement at a house near Bosworth Field, in Lei cestershire. 1 left town ou a Friday, having sent some pictures that were too large to take with me by the luggage-train a week previously, in order that they might l*o at the house on my airival, and occasion me no loss of tune in waiting for tlicm. On getting to the house, however, I found that they had not. boon heard of, and, on inquiring at the station, it was stated that a case similar to the one 1 described had passed through and gone on to Leicester, whore it probably still was. It being Friday, and past the hour of the post, there was no possibility of getting a letter to Leicester before Monday morning, as tlie luggage office would be closed there oil Suuday ; consequently I could in no case expect the arrival of tho pictures before the succeeding Tuesday or Wednesday. The loss of three days would be a serious one; there fore, to avoid it, I suggested to my host that I should leave immediately to transact some busi ness in South Stafl'ordshire, as I should be obliged to attend lo it beforo my return to town ; and if I could soc about it hi tbe vacant interval thus thrown upon my hands, it would be saving mc tho same amount of time after my visit to his hous-e was concluded. This arrangement meeting with his ready assent, I hastened lo the Atlierstonc station on the Trent Valley Railway. By reference to Bradshaw I found that my route lay through Lichfield, where I was to change carriages to S ? , iu Staffordshire. 1 was just in tune for tho train that would put me down at Lichfield at eight o'clock in the evening, and a train was an nounced to start from Lichliield for S- ? at ten minutes past eight o'clock, answering, as I con cluded, to the train in which I was about to travel. I therefore saw no reason to doubt that 1 should get to my journey's ond the same night ; but on my arriving at Lichfield 1. found my plans en tirely frustrated. The train arrived punctually, and I got out, intending to wait on the platform for the arrival of the cairiages for the other line. I found, however, though (lie two lines crossed at Lichfield, they did not communicate with each other, the Lichfield station on the Trent Valley line being on one side of the town and the Lich field station on the South Staffordshire line on the other. I also found that there was not time to get to the othar station so as to catch the train the same evening; indeed, the train had just that moment passed on a lower level beneath my feet, and to get to the other side of the town, where it would stop for two minutes only, was out of the1 question. There was, therefore, notliing for it but to put up at tho Swan Hotel for the night. I have an especial dislike to passing an evening at ail hotel in a country town. Dinner at such places I never take, as I had rather go without than have such as I am likely sto get. Books arc never to be had ; the country news papers do not interest me. The Times I have spelled through on my journey. The society I am likely to meet have few ideas in common with my self. Under such circumstances, 1 usually resort to a meat tea to while away the time, and when that is over occupy myself in writing. This wns the first time I had l-ecn in Lichfield, and while waiting for tho tea it occurred to me how, on two occasions within the p;ist six months, I had been on the point of coming to that very place, at one timo to execute a aniall commission for an old acquaintance, resident there, and another to get the materials for a picture I pro posed painting of an incident in tho early life of Doctor Johnson. 1 should have come on each of these occasions had not other arrangements di verted my purpose and caused me to postpone tho journey indefinitely. The thought, however, would oocur to me : ' How strango ! Here I am at Lichfield, by no intention of my own, though I have twice tried to get here and been balked.' When I had done tea, I thought 1 might as well write to an acquaintance I had known somo years previously, and who lived in the Cathedral-close, asking him to come and pass an hour or two with me. Accordingly I rang for the waitress, and asked : 44 Does Mr. Lute live in Lichfield?' 44 Yes, sir.' 4* Cathcdral-closo ?' 44 Yes, sir.' 44 Can I send a note to him ?' 44 Yes, sir.-' 1 wrote the note, saying where 1 was, and asking if ho would come for an hour or two and talk over old matters. Tho uote was taken: in about twenty minutes a person of gentlemanly nppearanec, and what might be termed advanced middle ago, en tered the room with my uote in hw hand, saying that I had sent him a 'letter, lie presumod by mis take, as ho did not know my name. Seeing in stantly that ho was not the person I intended to write to, I apologised, and asked whether there was not another Mr. Lute living in Lichfield. 44 No* there was none other.' 'Certainly,' I rejoined, 44 my friond must have given mc his right address, for I had written him ou other occasions here. He was a fair young man ; he succeeded to au estate hi consequence of his uncle having been killed while hunting with tho Quoni houuds, and he married aliout two years since a lady of tho name of Fairhaini.' The stranger very composedly replied : 4* You are speaking of Mr. Clyne; lie did live in the Catliedral-close, but he lias now gone away.' The stranger was right, and in my surprise I exclaimed : 44 Oh, dear \ to lie suro that is the '' name ; what could have made me address you instead? I really beg yonr pardon ; my writing to yon and / unconsciously guessing your namo is one of the most extraordinary aud unaccountable things I ever did. Pray pardou me.' He continued very quietly : 44 There is no need of apology; it liappens that you are tho very person 1 most wish to soc. You are a painter, and I want you to paint a portrait of my daughter. Can you come to my houso im mediately for tho purpose ? ' I was rather surprised at finding myself known by liim, aud the turn matters had taken was so entirely unexpected I did uot at tlie moment feel inclined to undertake the business ; 1, therefore, explained how I was situated, stating that 1 had only the next day and Mouday at my disposal. He, however, pressed me so earnestly that I arranged to do what I could for him in those two days ; and having put up my baggage aud arranged other matters, I accompanied him to his house. During the walk homo he scarcely spoke a word, but his taciturnity seemed only a continuance of his quiet composure at the inn. On our arrival lie introduced mc to liis daughter Maria, and then left the room. Maria Lute was a fair and dccidcdly handsomo girl of about fifteen ; her manner was, however, iu advance of her years, and evinced that self-possession, and, in the favorable sense of the term, that womanliness, tliat is only seen at such an early age in girls who have been left mother less, or from other causes thrown much on tlunr own resources. She had evidently not been informed of tho purpose of my coming, and only know that I was to stay there for tho night ; alia therefore excused hm-sulf for a few moments, that she might give the requisite directions to tlie servants as to preparing my room. \Vhen she returned, she told mo that 1 should uot see her father agaiu that evening, tho state of his health having obliged him lo retire for the night ; but she hoped I should bo able to sec him some time on the morrow. In the meantime, she hoped I would make myself quite at home, and call for anything I wanted. She herself, was sitting in the drawing-room, but perhaps I should : like to smoke and take something ; if so, there I was a fire hi tho housekeeper's room and she j would como and sit with me, as she expected tho I medical attendant evciy minute, and he would probably stay to smoke and tako something. As the little lady socmed to recommend this coursc, I readily complied. 1 did not scioko or take any thing, but sat down by tho fire, when sho imme diately joined me. She conversed well and readily, and with a command of language singular hi a* person so young. Without being disagreeably in quisitive or putting anj'qm.'stion to me, she seemed desirous of learning the business that had brought me to the house. I told her that her father wished mc to paint cither her portrait, or that of a sister of hers, if she had one. She remained silent and thoughtful for a moment, and theu seemed to comprehend it at once. She told mc that a sister of hers; an only one, to whom her father was devotedly attached, died near four months previously ; that her father had never yet recovered from the shock of her death. He had often expressed the most earnest ^ wish for a portwit of her ; indeed, it was his ono * thought, and she hoped, if something of the kind could be done, it would improve his health. Hero she hesitated, stammered, and burst into tears. After a while she continued : ' It is no uso hiding from you what you must very soon be aware of. Papa is insane — he has been so ever since dear Caroline was buried. He says he is always seeing dear Caroline, and he is subject to fearful delu sions. Tho doctor says he camiot tell how much worse ho may be, and tliat everything dangerous, like knives or razors, is to he kept out of his reach. It was necessary you should not see liim again this evening, as he was unable to converse properly, and I fear the same may bo the case to-morrow; but perhaps you can stay over Sunday, aud I may ! be able to assist you iu doing wha't he wishes.*' I I asked whether they had any materials for | making a likeness— a photograph, a sketch, or anything else for mc to go from. ' No, thoy had nothing.' 44 Could she describe her clcarlv V ' She thought sho could, and thero was a print that was veryinuch likelier, butshe had mislaid it. Imcn tioned that with such disadvantages, and iu such an absence of materials, 1 did not anticipate a very satisfactory result. 1 had painted portraits nnder such circumstances, but their success much depended upon the powers of description of tho persons who were to assist mc by their recollection ; iu some instances 1 had attained a certain amount of success, but in most the result was quite a failure. Tho medical attendant came but I did not sec him. I learned, however, that he ordered a strict watch to be kept on his patient till lie came again the next morning. Seeing the state of things, and how much the little lady had to attend to, I retired early to bed. The next morn ing I heard that lier father was decidedly lwtter ; lie had inquired earnestly, on waking, whether I was really in the house, aud at breakfast-time ho sent down to say that he hoped nothing would prevent my malting an attempt at the portrait im mediately, aud he expected to be able to see ihc in the course of the day. Directly after breakfast I set to work, aided by such description as the sister could give mc. I ? tried again and again, but without success, or, indeed, the least prospect of it. The features, I was told, were separately like, but tho expression was not. I toiled on the greater part of tho day, with no better rosult. The difterout studies I made wero taken up to the invalid, but the samo answer was always returned — no resemblance. I had exerted myself to the utmost, and, in factj was not a little fatigued by so doing — a circum stance that the little, lady evidently noticed, as she expressed hcrsolf most grateful for the interest she eould see 1 took in the matter, and referred the unsuccessful result entirely to her want of powers of description. She also said it was bo provoking ! She had a print — a portrait of a lady that was so like — but it had gono; she had missed it from her book for three weeks past. It was the more disappointing as she was sure it would have been of great assistance I asked 'if she could tell mc who the print was of — as, if I knew, I could easily procure one in London. She an swered, 44 Lady M. A.' Immediately tho namo was uttered the whole scene of tho lady of tho railway carnage presented itself to mc. 1 had my sketch- book in my portmanteau up-stairs, and, by a fortunate chance, fixed in it was tho print in question, with the two pencil sketches. I instantly brought them down and showed them to Maria Lute. She looked at them for a moment, turned lier eyes full upon mc, and said slowly and with something of fear in her manner : ' Where did you get these?' Then quicker, and without waitiug for my answer : ' Let me take them ' instantly to papa.' She was away ten minutes or more. When sho returned her father camo with lier. He did uot wait for salutations, but said, iu a tone and manner I had not observed in him be foro : 44 1 was right all tlie time ; it was you that I saw with her, and these sketches are from her and from no ono else. I value tliem more than all my possessions, except this dear child.' The daughter also assured me that the print I had brought to tho houso must l-o the one taken from the house about tlu*ce weeks be foro, in proof of which sho pointed out to mc the gum marks at the back, which exactly corresponded with those left on tho blank leaf. From tho moment the father saw these sketches his mental health returned. *' I was not allowed to touch cither of tho pencil drawings iu tho sketch-book, as it was feared I might injure them ; but au oil picturc from them was commenced immediately, the father sitting by me hour after hour, directing my touches, con versing rationally, and indeed cheerfully,' while lie did so. He avoided direct reference to liis de lusion, but from time to time led tbe conversation to the mauncr in which I had originally obtained tho sketches. The doctor came in the evening, and after extolliug the particular treatment lie had adopted, prououueed his patient decidedly, and he believed permanently, unproved. Tho next day being Sunday, we all went to church; tho father for the first timo sinco his bereavement. During a walk which lie took with ine after luncheon he again approached the sub ject of the sketches, aud after some seeming hesi tation as to whether he should confide in mc or not, he said : ,4 Your writing to me by name from the iiui at Lichfield was one of thoso inexplicable circumstancos that 1 suppose it is impossible to clear up. I knew you, however, directly I saw you. When those about me considered my intel lect was disordered/and that I spoke incoherently, it was only bccausc I saw thiugs that they did not. Siuce her death 1 know, with a certainty tliat notliing will ever disturb, that at diilercut limes I liavo been in the actual and visible presence of my daughter' who is gone — oftcner, indeed, just after her death than latterly. Of the many times that this lias occurrcd, 1 distinctly remember once seeing her in a railway-carriage, speaking to a person sitting opposite: who tliat person was 1 could not ascertain, as my position seemed to bo immediately behind liim. I next saw lier at a dinner-table, with others, and among thoso others, unquestionably, I saw yourself. I afterward learned that at that time I was considered to be in one of my longest and most violent paroxysms, as I continued to see her speaking to you, in the midst of a large assembly, for some hours. Again, I saw her standing by your sido, while you wero engaged cither in writing or drawing. I saw her oncc again afterward, but the next time 1 saw. you was in tho inn parlor.' Tho pictiue was proceeded with tlie next day, and on the day after tho faco was completed, and I afterward brought it with mc to London to finish. I have often socu Mi*. L. sinco that period. His health is perfectly re-established, aud his manner aud conversation are as cheerful as can be expec ted within a few years of so great a bereavement. The portrait now hangs iu Ins bed-room, with tho print aud the two skofadics by tlie side, and written beneath is : ' C.L., lath September, 1S5S, aged twenty-two.' It may be remarked, for the comfort of honesty poverty, that avarice reigns most in those who have but few good qualities to recommend them. This is a weed that will grow on barren soil. — Hughes. A short lime ago, while getting .out stone in liis quarry a mile south of Kokomo, fill., Gtoree W. Defenboufeh split a massive stab and found embedded in the solid rock a lizard of light color alive and active. 