THE NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. Tub ceremony of laying the foundation stoue of tbe new Roman Catholic church took place yesterday morning immediately altor the 11 o'clock msss. The Right Rev. Dr. Dunne accompanied by the Very Rev. Prior Butler, arrived in Toowoomha on Friday night. There were about two hundred Dersona nresent. Thn foundation nfconn war laid, with the usual cerumonies by thu Bishop, who conducted the appointed servicn in an impressive manner. The Rav. Prior Butler then delivered the following sermon : — May it Please Your Lordship : — The great work that our divine Lord came into this world to accomplish was the establish ment of his church upon earth. For this end he collected around him and chose certain poor men — the Apostles. They were taknn from the humblest rank of life, unen lightened, rude and ignorant men, having no doubt natural good qualities of heart and soul ; hard to teach, hard to daal with and very diffioult to instruct. Thoie men were taught by Jesus Christ for three years. For three years the} listoned to his Divine leHtonn, and wisdom ; for three years did they see his glorious notions, and the miracles he performed on all who came to him in suffering and afHiation. After those long years in the sohool of the Heavenly Master they wore still ignorant, they did not under stand the things of God. When Christ, spoke to them of His Kingdom to come they thought He was going to restore the glorious kingdom of the Jews once more. When he spoke to them of his being the Son of God they had, doubtless, some indeliuite and partial knowledge of what that great dogma contained, They knew not of the Holy Spirit that was to cotno, nor the great mission that Jesus Christ came into the world to accomplish — to lay down his life for the salvation of men. and when that Saviour spoke of his death they marvelled at His foolishness in going up to Jerusalem. They had from the very mouth of Jesus' himself a sharp rebuke for not understanding tha things of God. They had not reouived into their minds and their breasts that it was not in the working of miracles nor in per forming mighty things, but in the suffering of Christ — that they were to glory in His cross and in Him crucified. Not only were the ApostloB ignorant, but they were cowardly. They had fed at the same table with tbe Son of God, They had heard His lessons, and gentle wisdom, and kindly 'olicitude. They had seen Him healing the sick and pronouncing the benediction to tho sinner and outcast. But yet on the moraout of his trial all the thoughts of those three years, of the eating and the driuking with Christ, evon tho partaking of his own Body and Blood were forgotten even at the voice of a servant. The Priuce of the Ap^Btles denied Jesus, ami anoth :r betrayed him, and they all fied away in foar when the terrors of Calvary had sottled ou the Head of the Lord, When the last work was accom plishod there were none of the- Apostlos, save one, beneath tho cross and his Virgin Mother, liven when He appeared to His apostles after the resurrection, they doubted Him : one of them aaid ' Unloss I Beo tho print of tho nails, unless I put my finger into where the lance1 was, I shall not believe.' Whou tho pious wotnoc had told them that they had seen the Lord tboy doubtod. They betook themoelves to an inner ohamber for fear of the Jews. On tho glorious 'Ascen- sion Day' He blessed the apostles, and con soled them, and said to to them ' I will sond you a Comforter who will teach you all things.' And when they wore again in a retired chamber, afraid to oonfess the Lord Jesus Christ, on that greatday which tho Holy Chnroh oommeniorated as Pontecost Sunday, and wero expecting that messenger of love — tho Holy Ghost who procoeded from the Father and Son — suddenly the whole building shook with a tremendous wind, aud fire came down from Heaven and Bottled upon every one of them, and instantly that Spirit of love and truth and holiness took possession of them. Instantly the olouds of ignorauco that hail obsourod their understanding wcro dispelled like tho glorious sun at whoso pieaonco the darkness ceased. When that Divine Spirit dosoonded upon the apostles, they at onoo understood the things of God. St. Petor wont forth and spoke- to the Jews j ho traced back tho whole line of Atlaro.andBpoke of man's transgression, and prophesied regarding tho Messiah, Such was the effect of his sermon that 5000 Jews acknowledged Christ to be tho Messiah and tho Son of God. Tho Apoatles understood tbo great mystery of otoruity and tho other mysteries which they had rejeotod as being contrnry to their reason. They saw tho duty incumbent npon thorn to preach tho Gospt'l and their spirits and hgarts were ennerved to oonfront Kings and hostile peoples and courts and every vice and every sin. Thoy wero taken into the counoil of the Jaws and scourged and went away rejoicing in tho name of Jesus because they had been deemed worthy to suffer for Him, Ski Pftul stood before Km^B with undaunted mien and announced ih-s malolictioa of God against the sinful world so that evon tho Kng upon his royil throne trombled and said. ' Would you have mo ovon to believe in Je-os Christ,' and Peter and I'nol went to tho great Imperial Rime and thoro thoy preached to tho poor, persoontbd ?Tesim Christ. The wisdom of tho world was converted hy them into fouliahues, and tho strong things orushod like the brazen ser pent of old. Everything ol tho world dis appeared before those Heralds- of Jestia Christ armed with the Holy Spirit. Enlight ened by that Snirit from above they taught obedience, and if thuy were to he followers of the cruorified Joiiub, thoy must take up their crosnes and follow Him oven to the height of Calvary. The Spirit of God whioh descended upon them was transfored by them and flowed down like a majestic river. For nineteen centuries had that river flowed down bringing home the truth nnd happiness with hopes of glory eternal hereafter. ' The Church will la-st -for over, and the gatea of Hell shall never prevail against it.' What land was there to which tho Catholic Churob had not been proclaimed the eternal truths of the Gospel. It administered hope and con solation to the dying sinner; emancipated his soul and regenerated it, carried it back to the bosom of the Father from whom it originally came. For ihreecenturios the whole power of the Roman empire tried to ornsh her,- but as an Italian priest had said: 'Tha blond of the martyrs became ns seed from which the church grew.' When the persecution ceased tho Churoh came out; from the catacombs iu which she had long been buried, as tho bride of Christ, radiant with beauty, Kings and emperors supported her, and lavished their wenlth in rearing up grand structures and propagating tho truth, and, if necessary, ready to die for JoBua. It was aaid that the Catholic church was not up to the ago, that she was unchangeable. Why was it that tho sun in tho heavens was unchangeable) ? It was because it came direct from the hands of tho great Creator, ?ml was fulfilling its' glorious mission. If their church had progressed it would have .been the Holy Ghost who was lonrmng and waa was not so ignorant as at first. He iw « great mnny of his own country men amoag his audience whoso an oostora, fourteen hundred years ago, had had the faith brought to them by one of tho descendants of St. Peter, the great St. Patrick, In those days tho priests were persitcuted. and the same price was put upon the head of a priest as upon that of a wolf, The members of the Church were once compelled to hide in bogs, but after ages it emerged and they saw it as it was now as glorious as of old. He iras glad here ti-day in Queensland to see a church being being built in the name of their national Saint— St. Patrick. He hoped that by the amount of their subscriptions they would show the amount of faith there was in them. The Rev. Mr O'Connor aaid that he would now receive subscriptions towards the building fund of their church. The Hon. P. Perkin?, M.L.A.. had promised £250. Altogethsr another £250 wns colleoted, the Right Kev. Dr. Dunne giving £'2o. Ths High t Rev. Dr. Dunne and the Very Rev. Prior Butler leave for Brisbane this afternoon. 