N American journal states that a lady in A 1'arkville, when one of her children was taken with the prevalent scarlet fever, which tends to blend' with diphtheria, and has proved so fatal, resolved to adopt preventive measures, to save at least the other children. She hung up sheets, in thesick mom, that were thoroughly wet with carbolic spray ; nnd pretty much everything else in that' and adjoining rooms was similarly treated. As fast as the wetted articles got "drv, the carbolic acid was renewed. Result •. The sick child rapidly recovered, and neither of the otherB got sick. HE Jamestown heview makes the following T alarming announcement— "The S.A. Presbytery have passed a resolution," With breathless expectation, we await the terrible result! HE vast land monopolies created, by the T railroad grants in America haVettfbaght about a condition of things Q£ which the following extract from the Hartford Weekly Times will give some idea :— Washington, December 11. The Sunday Gazette of this city calls attention to the fact that neither the President nor the Secretary of the Interior refer to the unearned land grants of the Pacific railroads which the judiciary committees of the Senate and House, last session, declared should be forfeited. There are over one hundred million acres of land now held by the railroad corporations which have not been earned, owing to the non-completion of the railroads to which they were issued. By some kind of hocuspocus the railroad company hang on to the land, and keep Congress from acting on the bill reported by the judiciary committee declaring the land forfeited. The Gazette says the whole thing proves that there is a strong railroad lobby at wor&to; prevent legislation in the interests of the people; and it reminds the republican majority that the last two national republican conventions adopted in their platforms planks declaring in favor of the return of these lands to the government, and that the people will hold the majority responsible for continued nonaction. It happens that Roscoe Conkling has been engaged as the attorney for the railroads, which taay explain the entire absence of any reference to this question in the President's message or the report of the Secretary of the interior. Everything looks as if the railroads will get the best of the fight this session, as they did the last, though it may cost them considerable money. The area embraced is as follows :— Acres. Sq. Miles. Northern Pacific 48,215,040 76,336 Atlantic and Pacific 40,690,660 63,579 Texas and Pacific 14,309,760 22,359 Total to the three roads... 103,215,360 161,274 The Gazette concludes its article (which has attracted considerable attention) as follows:— We have a word to add as a republican " dyed in the wool," and that is, if the Forty-seventh Congress retires to the shades without correcting this great evil and wrong, its majority will justly find itself sunk with the party they will have wrecked, to the lowest and hottest depth of the political Hades, which will be justly their fate. HE defeat of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen for T West Bourke gives an appropriate coup de grace to his latest Ministerial career. Vaulting into office by means of the basest political treachery, he has kept his position only by means of the most abject servility and by a clever though corrupt employment of theTefrainof "Placebo." Feeling that he had reached the full length of his tether, the accomplished traitor and renegade had once mere recourse to subtle strategy, and turning round alike on friend and foe, sought to sell both by a sudden dissolution and a hasty election, that allowed no time for canvassing electorates. But sooner or later "a short shrift and the bullet" are the traitor's fate, and Sir Bryan's appeal has brought him his reward. He is expelled from political as well as Ministerial life, and that, too, under the most bitterly humiliating and galling circumstances. The defeat of his party is not so pronounced as that of Sir Henry Parkes, for his real party may be considered to have been composed merely of the Ministers themselves. But Sir Bjyan's own defeat is far more galling than that of the New South Wales Premier. Sir Henry Parkes was 'condemned on account of a defective land policy, and an unconstitutional dissolution. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has received his conge because of his corrupt practices and Ministerial incapacity and the justice of the popular verdict of West Bourke will be endorsed throhghout the length and breadth of Victoria. HE Correspondent who contributes (presumably from the Yarra Bend) to the T " Advertiser" the imbecile maunderings which are dignified with the title of "Our Victorian Letter," expresses his dissent from the decision of the engineering experts of Australasia upon the respective merits of the "Woods^and. Westinghouse brakes. This writer never hesitates to condemn all sorts and conditions of men and things, and the readiness with which his censure is administered brings to mind the story of an afflicted gentleman in a certain institution who, mysseriously told a visitor of the idiosyncrasies of his unfortunate companions; how such a one fancied himself a duke, and another a king, winding up with the informotion that he himself was the Holy Ghost. The idiosyncrasy of the " Advertiser'' scribe, do not perhaps extend quite so far, but it is, to say the least of it, amusing to hear his dictum that a verdict of the experts " seems honest" but is sadly illogical! We question whether the Correspondent's opinion will have more effect on the decision than it sepms to have upon the politics of Victoria. CCORDING- ;to traditional custom the A fete of the Knights of St. George was celebrated at St. Petersburg at the Winter Palace, on the 8 th of December. At the gala dinner, in the evening, the Czar proposed a toaet to the Emperor William, as the oldest Knight of the Order, and another to all the other Knights, his remark being greeted with warm cheers. The Czar, Czaripa, and the other members of the Imperial family afterwards returned to the Auitchkoff palace. OME excitement and alarm was created S at Horsham, on Sunday, February 11, at midnight, when it waB rumored that many of the boarders at the Royal Hotel, and some of the members of the family of the landlord had been poisoned by some portion of the food they had eaten at tea time. The rumor proved to be true, but fortunately after emetics had been administered by Dr. Cross, most of the victims rapidly recovered. The poison is supposed to have been contained in an ox's tongue, and a part of it was sent to Melbourne to bo analysed. HE following case has juet been argued T before the Civil Tribunal of the Seine which raises some curious questions of morals and casuistry, quite irrespective of the legal points of the dispute. The facts, which are undisputed, are these:—Some time before the first French Revolution, two merchants named Monneron left the country and established themselves as bankers in Paris. In 1790 the Duke of Orleans, who is known to history as Philippe Egalite, borrowed from one of tlieMonnerons 000,000 livres, to be repaid in ten years, and the security consisted of the personal property of the Duke. In 1793 the possessions of the Duke of Orleans were confiscated by a decree of the Convention, and when his estate was wound up under the control of a public functionary, securities were handed to Monneron in discharge of his debt, which realised 130,1 l7fr. To-day the Orleans family have been restored to the enjoyment of their estates, and the heirs of Monneron are in poverty. Accordingly the latter have been advised to claim the balance, amounting (to 471,54-8 francs, of a debt incurred ninety-two years ago. The defendants were the Count of Paris, the Duke of Aumale, Montpensier, and Cliartres, the Prince de Joinville, the King of the Belgians, and his brother, the Count of Flanders. The plaintiffs were five members of a family named Changeur — two men and three women—of ages rauging from 60 to 74 years. On the behalf of the Princes it was pointed out to the Tribunal that the value of the property seized by the State was 1G8 millions of francs, and that the amouut restored was only 85 millions. The counsel representing the present Government, contended that the claim was not well founded, and the Tribunal was of the same opinion, Jean Louis Monneron having failed to put forward any claim at the judicial liquidation opened in 1814 and closed 1824. T the recent mooting of the Soeiuto <lc A Geographie, in connection with the third volume of M. Morius Fontano's " Historic Universelle," entitled " Les Egyptes," M. de Lesseps made an interesting reference to Egypt and the Egyptian question. After recommending the book as admirably fitted to enlighten the public, and especially those who have assumed responsibility for the destinies of Egypt, regarding that country, he referred to some remarks he had recently made to the English Trades' Union Delegates. Ho had told them, M de Lesseps said, that it would do great honor to England if, after having re-established order in Egypt, it preserved Egypt for the Egyptians. England would then have on its side all men of progress ready to assist in the civilising work; slavery will be suppressed, the navigation of the Nilo regularised, and Africa pacifically conquered.'' He had added, he said, " Since your fellow-countrymen are in Egypt, let me tell you that tlie Egyptians, sure of recovering their autonomy, absorb the races who wish to master them.' THE tender of C.'S. Johanson for altera! ion of old Court house and oflicc's for police purposes lias been accepted. RECEIVED—The Minutes of the Tenth Annual Conference of the Australasian Wcslcyan Church ai Adelaide. Until furhcr notice the Jcrvois Bridge will be opened from midnight till G o'clock a.m. A boat will be kept plying, for public convenience free of charge during those hours. Mr. H. M. ADDISON reports having sold by public auction on Tuesday, February 20, by order of mortgagees, Section 1081, Hundred of Port Adelaide, known as New Birkenhead, containing 10 acres, at £135 per acre. Total, €1,350. AN attempt to have Sunday trains to Gawler has been defcatedat a town's meeting by 127 to -18. It was stated by one that it would have involved work by railway servants at the rate of .something like one man so half for every probable passenger. THE fact should be chronicled that the rcccnt deputation from the Semaphore to tlie Government has resulted in an effort to improve the footpaths leading to the Uaihvay Station. Let v.s all be devoutly thankful for small mercies. THIS morning aman named Ivcr McGillivray residing in Robe-street, Port Adelaide, bad his leg broken at the ankle whilst working at tlie Queen of the Bay in the Port Dock, unloading timber. The rare occurrence of accidents of this kind is a matter for wonder, careless rushing w,ay in which this kind of work is performed, considered. It would be well if a little more caution were observed. THE General Committee of the Semaphore Institute met last night., under the presidency of: Mr. N. Oldham, J.P,and resolved that tbe expenditure upon the building should for the present be limited to the sum formerly decided upon U4000, inclusive of architect's fees, gas-fitting, and providing seats; Iho general feeling is that no time should be lost in proceeding with the erection of the building. Mr. DIMENT. J.l\, was elected president of the Primitive Methodist District meeting on Wednesday. The following minute was passed with reference to the Adelaide 4th and. Port Adelaide Stations— ''That in the opinion of this meeting the action of the Adelaide 4tli, a part of Port Adelaide, and a few oflicials of North Adelaide Station, in breaking off from the Adelaide District without proper connexional authority and joining the Moonta District while they are still regarded by the English Conference as a part of the Adelaide District, is highly injurious to the Primitive Methodist cause in this province, and detrimental to the cause of Christ generally, and we urge our Conference to protest against such proceedings to the English Conference. THE Marine Board met yesterday when the President and all of the wardens excepting Mr Glyde were present with the Secretary. The chief item of business was the discussion of the Compulsory Pilotage question, which was again adjourned for a week, after Captain Legoe had submitted a motion in favor of re-establishing Compulsory Pilotage at Port Piric and Port Augusta. Mrs. Hook, of one of the Semaphore Jetty si alls wrote with respect to a statement by Mr. Neill that he had heard some ladies saving that wine had been obtained at a stall. None had ever been obtained from hers. She asked that the stalls might remain Mr. Neill said his statement was that he had heard some " females " say so : the wine was obtained from an Italian. Mr. Muecke said he saw that an accusation against the comfortableness of the stalls was attributed to him. He had only spoken of the iiiconvcnieucc of the crush there, which had deterred him from going on to the jelly with his family. Captain Lcgoe said the stalls were certainly 'a convenience. He had once obtained shelter there with some ladies, for an hour and a half, fuoifl a heavy squall, and they must have been drenched had the stall not been there. It was remarked that on the same ground a stall might be asked for at the top of the jetty, another warden suggested and at short intervals along it, Captain Smith finally suggesting the roofing in of the whole of the jetty !. Mr. Neill observed thai an argument was furnished in favor of the alcoves asked fur. It was decided to take no further stops unle.-s applied to by the District Council. TUEBE was a very pleasant entertainment at the Convalescent Home on 'Wednesday oveninir, Mr. Derrington presiding, when tlie following programme was presented successfully. Two overtures on the pianoforte, four recitations : —' (,'nrl'ew shall not ling to-night,' ' The IJaven.' ' Over the hills from the poorhouse,' and ltien/.i's address to the Romans ;' the A ISO Duet, and the following songs—' Tit for tat,' ' In happy moments, ! ' 'The Englishman.' ' Who's tappingat the garden g:ite,'\Vt the Kerry,''Simon the Cellarer.' 'The l-airies.'and "Poor Old Joe and there were also presented a couple of tableaux vivante. The names of ladies and gentlemen t iking part in the performances were SD far as we learnt, Misses McPherson (2) liee'oy, Tiiney, and Mellor : and Messrs. J. II. Sinclair, l'iio.Ips, J. A. Fovneley. Prest, and Savage. A gathering of oll'.'rings for a fund for a new piano resulted in (lie collection of over Ix the case of the sudden death of .Mrs. Dnimmond of Port Land Estate reported in our last, a vcrdiot to the effect that death was from natural causes was returned. A severe censure was administered to one of the sons of the deceased, who displayed brutal hearilossness in waiting with cold indilference, ou heaving the news, to get his hair cut before going to see deceased. Another son in the railway shunt ing department was also censured for not contributing to the support of his aged parent. We have been furnished with the f,Slowing as the correct information of the Dry Creek Railway accident which occurred on Tuesday last, the 20th iiibt.—AVIKII the.".l."5 p.m. north train from Adelaido had reached the Grand Junction Crossing, it collided •villi Mr. Horace Molilin's waggon (which had a large llay-franie fixed on it), drawn b\ three horses, driven by John Cameron, an employe, who was returning to Sali.-bury. 'ihe train was coming at a-vcry heavy speed. The driver asserts that he was attending to hi-; horse::, and the rattling of the waggon frame ill on iinl the sound of the whistle, if he engine drivel .-ounded it. i he damage done to Mr. Miiiliiu's pro, iriy is little less than .tlOO. Two \a)i:abio .shaft horses wore l.ilh-d, the leading luc.se escaping th:v;.gii Ihe halves breaking — bis harness being f--i.;..i < t; ihe engine. Cameron escaped with a fuw bruises, but is confined to iii.s l> d. II.e wa.grn can now i>o fr (n at Mr. Moiiiii's >:!:at;: mills :u I.eadeid.a.'.'-Mnvt. We.are told that the engine uiivei \\\:i i:. :,i.rj :o pull up hi» c'lghitymtjl lie liadjrun borne 7uu or siuo yards. Wis caU attention to an announcement in anothecolumn tliat the Largs Bay and Semaphore Comr pany commence running direct to Ardrossan and Port Vincent early next month, taking up the berth held I5y the s.s. Wakefield. The Ethel is a new boat imported from Sydney, and it is represented to be remarkably fast, and will, it is believed, suit the trade. She is expected to make the run from Largs Jetty in very quick time, to the great convenience of passengers using her. The time saved in the voyage will be it is estimated about one-fourthi and tlic trains running direct to the Jetty passengers will speedily realize the advantage of this route. LAST night as the Casterton was being towed down the stream, she came into collision with the Young Surveyor, which was just entering Hawker's Creek, completely sweeping the decks of that eraft 