THE ELECTRIC LIGHT IN ADE LAIDE. The announcement that the Government are not prepared at the present moment to introduce the electric light in the new Institute building, which was made at the meeting of the Board of Governors reported in yesterday's issue, can occasion no surprise. Their hands are full to over flowing, and they have evidently little or no control over any of the affairs, great or small, which it is the duty of a Government to transact. This much may be said in excuse of their inaction in this matter. But South Aus tralians have been in the habit of priding themselves on the progressive spirit that animates them, and have never exhibited any reluctance to adopt appliances of any kind for the promotion of their welfare that promise any real advantage, and for less appliances that have proved highly beneficial to the inhabitants of other countries, and even of neigbouring colonies. In noticing the report of the Board of the South Australian Institute a fortnight ago, we called attention to the reccom mendations contained in the appendix in which Mr. Todd urged the desirability and practicability of applying the electric light to the illumination of the new Insti- tute building. The experience that has been obtained by the use of the incan descent lamps in the Melbourne Institute would seem of itself to be more than sufficient to rouse our authorities to make an effort to prevent our lagging behind in regard to this matter. It is not creditable that Adelaide does not yet contain a single building, street, or square that is lighted by electricity. There will be found in another column a communication referring to the Electric Exhibition in Vienna, from which some idea may be gathered not only of the multifarious uses to which elec tricity is being applied, but also of the deep interest that is taken in its development both in Europe and in America. Our correspondent informs us that most of the leading nations of the world have largely contributed to the dis play of which he gives so glowing and interesting an account, and in noting that England is but indifferently repre sented he refers to the proud position she occupies among the nations that have recognised the value of electricity as an illuminating agent. Recent visitors to London have been strongly impressed by the splendid effect of the various systems of electric-lighting that they have seen in operation there. For several years the Thames Embankment has been flooded with a mellow and steady light from the remotely-placed electric lamps that line the stream, and many of the leading thoroughfares in the city are equally well illumi- nated by a similar process on the darkest nights. Railway stations and public buildings in increasing numbers have adopted the new method of lighting, and private establishments have in large numbers taken advantage of it as well. Numerous projects, moreover, are being actively promoted which have for their object the superseding of gas by elec tricity as the agent for the lighting not only of places of business, but even of dwelling-houses in the English metropolis. It is quite true that all at- tempts to apply the electric light to the purpose of illumination have not been successful. But this is surely no more than might have been anticipated, Notwithstanding the instan taneous rapidity that characterizes its movements, no one could have expected that electricity would at once, like Minerva, from the brain of Jove, spring forth fully accoutred to accom plish all the practical work it can ever perform. If the scientific doctrine of the identity, conservation, transmutation of force — to quote only a few of the terms used by savants to designate it— be true, it would follow that electricity can be made to supply heat as well as light, and may supplant coal as well as gas. Let it be remembered that coal, gas, and straw, not to speak of oil and tallow candles, are human dis coveries and inventions, and therefore may be superseded by the further pro gress of the same insight and ingenuity that detected and applied them to human uses. But it is no part of our purpose just now to construct one of the "fairy tales of science,'' or in any way attempt to forecast "the long result of time." More than enough has been clearly demonstrated as to the utility and practicability of the electric light to induce South Australia to desire strongly that she should take steps to secure some share in the advantages that others are already deriving from it, whether she can at all assist in the development or application of the force that would seem to be the very quintessence of all forces, whether motor or sensory. The illumination of the new Institute building by the electric light, as suggested by Mr. Todd, would certainly be a modest beginning, and there are no insurmountable difficulties in the way of the experiment. It is evident that the electric light must find its way to the capital of South Australia shortly. In this matter we cannot remain long so far in the background as we now are. The time has fully come when action must be taken, and perhaps with a little pressure the Government might yet be persuaded to introduce the electric light into the new Institute building. i A New Pastorai. Disteict. — Messrs. ITavenc and Crawford have succeeded in Exploring quite an extensive tract of new pastoral country in the Northern. Territory. The reports which they have furnished to the Minister of Education contain most valuable and interesting in formation. It has been usual hitherto to look upon the tract of land lying between the Overland Telegraph Line and the northern portion of the Queensland, boundary as next to useles3. About -twenty-five years ago, when the country was ^ravereed by Gregory, it somehow got a ? bad character which has attached to^ it ever since. But Mr. Favenc speaks^ quite enthusiastically of very large; portions of it. What he and Mr..: Crawford have accomplished is, briefly: ,- speaking, the discovery of a Large and. :fine river, the lower portion of which' alone has hitherto been known— thai Macarthur. This they describe as onei* of the best rivers flowing to the Australian ; coasts— equalin itself to the Batavia River, ; and having tracts of land in its vicinity^ which are immensely superior in quality to whatever is known of the country on1 the latter river. The season in which the greater part of the journeying in South. Australia was accomplished was an ex ceptionally dry one, and it is to be pre sumed that the numerous lagoons and waterholes discovered by the explorers are a3 'securely permanent as any other ?? waters in Australia. Along the shore3 of the Gulf of Carpentaria there Btretche3 a belt of country— very. poor in Queensland territory, but better in South Australia — which slopes down wards to the Gulf. This does not extend far inland, and before passing thai watershed the travellers going northwards had to cross long stretches of well-grassed plains and open forests, some of which they pronounce to be .very good country for Bheep and cattle. Of course there are the UBual drawbacks in the shape1 of mulga scrub and long sandy iidges of desert country intruding upon the grassy plains, while in . many portions the spinifex abounds. But even in much of the countiy covered with this latter sword-gras3 there ifl an abundance of plant3 suitable for stock. Thatthegood country with* fine approach exists there cannot be the slightest doubt Mr. Favenc is not one of those men who are in any way given to let their imagina tion get the tetter of them. The question is whether it can he made available to in crease the p?3toral areas of South Aus tralia. The probability is that it Trill in a very short time be token up by stations ? for breeding and fattening cattle. Stock can be travelled over- from Queensland and set to pasture on country quite equal to the best in that colony. The natural outlet for the trade of the district thus formed is no doubt the South Aus Valley of which the explorers speak. But at firai the trade will de pend chiefly upon Port Darwin and the Pine Creek Bail way. The important discoveries made by Messr3. Favenc and Crawford afiord an additional reason for pjshing on with the construc tion1 of that line ; and they also furnish a strong incentive for the carrying out of the Transcontinental! line, gas they give every encouragement to believe thai it wi'l be a really remunerative work. . ' Eaeltamextaky Bcsetess.— The Laxa tive Cotmcil fat lesi than two and a half hours on Tuesday, and adjourned for a week. Ifce only important matter dealt with by them was the Crown Lands Bill, of which the second leading was moved. To this motion the Hon. H. fecolt proposed the amendment —'That the Eill be read a tecond time this day six months.' In strong terms he con demned the B'Tl a3 ridiculous, aud as con taining provisions calculated only to catch votes. It was, he urged, moreover, contrary to -the spirit of a resolution pas-.edby the legislative Council on July 4 of this year to the effect that except in very special cases ceTectOIS south of C-'oyder's line of rainfall should not be entitled to concessions. It is considered very probable that this amc ndment will be carried. The Assembly were occupied dnrius nearly the whole oftherr erjht hours' Bitting with discussions upon the Tata /o a Bill. The other business done wa3 ms.-e!y formal. Me. Gilbert. M.P.— Mr. W. Cilberi. ALP., one of the members for Tatala who has been suffering for some weeks from serious illneis, was sufficiently recovered on Tuesday to be able to attend in his place in the Assembly for a short time. Me. Johnson, M.P.— Mr. T. Job^sor M.P., ore of the members for East Adelaide, was unable to attend the Assembly on Tues day in consequence of a renewed and severe attack of jaundice. . . Mb. R. Rees, M.P.— There were indica tions of an improvement in Mr. Rees's condi tion on Tuesday mornicfr, and Jate the same evening he was still rallying. The Speaker of the House of Assembly telecjraphod to the doctor in attendance on Tuesday, conveying expressions of sympathy with Mr. Rees, and received a reply signed by Mrs. Rees— ' Slightly belter this afternoon.' \- The Hon. J. Balfoue, M.L.C.— The Hon. J. Eifoar, M.L.G.from Vic jora., a^c.vdid theHouL:3 of Pa-liament on Tue.day, and WPS accommodated with a phce in the Presi dent's and Speaker's galleries. The Iaitd axd Income Tax Bill —In the Assembly, on Tuei.-'ay, the Treasurer moved the second reading of the latest Taxation Bill. He did not make a very lon» speech in moving the motion. He impressed upon the Hoasej however, the urgent and absolute necessity existing for the imposition of some sort of taxation. The receipts for Chtober showed the Bame proportionate falling-off aa those for the first quarter of the financial year, and he calculated that the total amount received for the fonr months ending on Oc tober 31 would be £S0,000 less than one-third of the estimated revenue for that time. He expected the proceeds of this taxation scheme to be as follows :— From the halfpenny tax on ? land pure and simple, £45,000 ; from the sixpenny tax upon the gains and profits from other property, £15,003 ; and from _ the threepenny tax npoa income derived from personal exertions, £30,000. This would make a total of £90,000 ; and taking £5,0C0 from this for collection £85,000 would be left, representing the annual revenue from the taxes. The Hon. Mr. Colton, following the Treasurer, strongly de nounced the complications which the Government had introduced into their.Uill, and insinuated that in introducing them they had been actuated by the hope that, if the measure were complicated as they proposed, the Legislative Council, if not the Assembly, would throw it out. This impeachment they denied. Mr. Howe contributed extempore au item which was not In the programme for the day's proceedings, by moving ' That it is in expedient to determine the issues raised by this Bill until after the next general election.' Mr. Furner, also a prominent supporter of the Government, seconded this amendment, which was advocated generally by the oppo nents of taxation. Upon its going to a division, however, there were only 11 votes in favour of it, whilst there were 25 against it. The second reading was then carried without division. In Committee some amendments of no BDecial consequence were made in the schedules containing the main principles of the tax, the great conflict being upon the ex emptions. The Government proposed to ex empt from the operation of the land tax pure and simple all land with less than £503. Mr. Colton representing the Opposition, moved that the whole amount be struck out. The Government, he urged with great vigour am1 warmth, were completely neutralizing the effect of the Opposition proposals by DroposiiT this ridiculous exemption. ?' It it : ? carried,' he said emphatically, 'the 1 .=- doomed,' and the Opposi tion, mLo believed they detected a dodge. cheered. The Government nevErthelesa Held ? fast to their proposition, although ft was freely stated that it would imperil the BUI— indeed Mr. Howe expressly gave thb as one reason for supporting it— and although some reduction of it, say to £250, was sug gested as a compromise. This wili be moved again by-and-by. After a long and spirited debate the question was put to che vote, seventeen supporting the Government, and only twelve voting for the amendment, which was therefore negatived. The Opposi tion then proposed to strike out the exemption of £25 from the tax on the income from pro perty, with a view of increasing the amount to £50 or £100 ; but they were unsuccessful in this too, as seventeen went with the Govern ment and only thirteen against them. The vital part of the Bill thus passed without alteration. Other amendments were pro posed and rega hived, and the proviso clause had not been got through when the House resumed, the further consideration of the m-asure being postponed until Thursday. Jfc is said to be almost certain that the Bill wQl be rejected on the motion for its third reading. Another Cricket Oval.— Mr. Kingston rntends to ask leave -i the Assembly to-day to introduce 'a Bi'l for an Act to enable the Corporation of the Ciiy of Adelaide to lease a poition of the South Park I/rads for a cricket oval and spoits and general recrea tion grouud.' AiffifDryc the Destitute Laws. — Mr. King intends to move in the Assembly on Wednesday, November 7 :— ' That in the opinion of tin's House it ;s desirable to amend tne Destitute Peioons Act of 1SS1 by repeal ing c^u^e No. 66 thereof.' The c'ausere feircd to reads as follows:— 'At any time before the expiration of the order or mandate authorizing the detention of snch inmate in schools, the Board may bind the inmate of any industrial or reformatory school appren tice to Buch useful calling or occupation as stall be appioved by the Board for a period not exceeding five years ; and such binding shall be as effective as if such child were of full age and by indenture bound himself. '' Tee Land Ofpice Defalcations and Goveenmest Audits.— Mr. Tomkincon in tends to move in the Assembly to-day — 'That the attention of the Commu'sioiiers of Audit be directed to the rec :afc irregularities in the Land Office, and to the necessity of au immediate Bud thorough investigation of the accounts of all the Government depart ments.' AvissriSG the Customs Acts.— The Chief Secretory Baid in the Assembly on Tuesday, in reply to Mr. Ward, that the Government do not propose to introduce any Bi'l for the alteration of the tariff drivm? the present Parfiimc-ut, Previously, however, t^e Trea surer had given notice o£ his intention to move on Thursday— 'Thai the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole, for the puipoie of considering the motion, 4 Th.it it is ciesirible to introduce a Bill for an Act to amend the Customs Act of 1S61' ' SuPBEME Court.— An action was com menced at the Supreme Couri on Tuesday, before Mr. Justice .Bouca^t, between Patrick F. Ryan, cordial marafac^urer, and Edward Eonnett, b- idler, for a decree enforcing specific performance of an agreement to Jep^e. At the clow of the plaictifi'a c?se the matter was adjourned, ?u order to allow His Honor an oppoituuily of inspecting the premises on the question of waste aet up by the defen dant. Colonial Tendeps fob Ironwork.— Mr. Turner asked in the Assembly on Tuesday— 'Is it the intention of the Government to accent colonial tenders for the iron bridces romped on the Naune Railway?' The Chief Secretary informed the house, in reply, that the bridges are included in the tenders accepted for the construction of the railway. As the prices named for colonial work lor the bridges are over 16 per cent, for wongbfc ?ron And 25 per cent, for cast iron in excess of thpse^ for the imported work, the Government cannot arran^fdr the work to be done in the colony. This was the formal reply to the question, and the Chief Secretary added that tenders were called for the rail way, and the contractors were asked to give separate pi ices for colonial bridges and im ported TTo:k. Iu all cases the price of the colonial yo-k was far in excess of the 10 per cent which is usually allowed as the ma-cin which the Government can fairly pav for coloo'al work. Adelaide and Wilutnga Railway — On Tuesday the Chief Secretary laid before the Assembly the following re turn showing the ? estimated revenue and expenditure of the proposed Ade laide and- WiUunsa Railway : -1. The estimated annual cost of maintenance after the first year is £2,300; weekly working expenses are for running a daily train eachway bid; tor running a train alternate days each way, £o0 ; for running a train twice a week each way, £43. 2. Estimated revenue— Pas- sengers. 60 per day- 18,720=53,276 : mails, parcels, &c;, £224. Goods traffic as follows :— Cereals, 2,000 tons, £467; hay, 1,000 tons, £292 ; wine, 100 tons, £62 ; general merchan dise. 2,000 tons, £700 ; slate, 1,000 tons, £292 ; wool, 500 bales, £50 ; sheep, 4,000, £42 ; sun dries, £93— total revenue, £5,500. 3. The area of countiy served, 324 square miles. 4. Amount of produce at present grown in the above area :— Wheat, 38,265 bushels ; barley, 7,S07 bushels ; oats, 876 bushels ; peas. 677 bushels ; hay, 7,911 tons ; potatoes, 69 tops; wire, 37,760 gallons. Live stock in the dis trict — Horses, 2,995; cattle, 4,S05; sheep, 33,548; pi^s, 2.S5S ; poultry, 20,127. Cost op Commissions and Select Com mittees. — The following return, showing the cost of a1! Select Committees and Commis sions held during the years 1878, 1879, 1880, 1SS1, 2SS2, and np to June 30, 18S3, was laid before the Assembly on Tuesday bv the Chief Secretary :— Commissions— Paris Exhibition, £8.279 17s. Id. ; Melbourne Exhibition, £8,613 19s. 6d. ; Sydney Exhibition, £5,376 4s. 6d. : Nt-w Parliament Houses, £233 2s. 6d. ; Tri bunal of Commerce, ^602 Is. 9d. ; Finance, £1,400.03. 7rt. ; Liquor Law, £791 10s. ; Sew age Farm, £350 12s. lid. ; Boothby Board of Enquiry, £271 3s. ; Outer Harbour Board of Advice, £394 7s. lOd. ; Wharf Frontages, £S76 12s. ; Arts Exhibition, £1,485 13s. 5d. ; Education, £1,278 9s. 9d. ; Electoral Districts, £163 9s. lGd. ; Public Works, £1,770 2s. lid. ? Sparrow, £100 ; Destitute Act, £300 ; Bor deaux TVine Exhibition, £3C0 ; Calcutta Ex hbirien, £250; total Commissions, £32,837 7s. 7d. Select Committees— Crown Lands Act, £242 14s. lid. ; Mount Gambier and RivoU Bay .Railway, £756 8s. ; Brands Act, £46 17s 6d-; Sharebrokers Bill, £34 10s. 6i; Electoral Bill, £49 14s. ; Paris Exhibition Commissioner, £86 1b. 6d. : Privilege, D. Murray. £2 12s. ; Railway Routes, £343 19s. 4&. ; Isairne Railway Extension, £317 17s. 3d. : Education Acts, £433 13s. 6d. ; Port Germein, &c;, Railway,, £116 3s. Ud.; Fire Brigades, £61 89. lOd.; Willun3aPoilway.£129 10.3. lid.; total Select Committees, £2,921 12s. 2d. ; making a grand total of Commis sions and Select Committees of £35,758 19s. 9d. Arrival or the Alderqrove with Im migrants. — The Aldergrove being bo well suited for immigration purposes has again been chartered, and arrived 'on Tuesday morning. She is a fine iron vessel of 1,271 tons, under command of Captain Brisga, with Dr. Gresswell as Surgeon Superintendent, and Miss Neil as Matron. The result of the tjassage shows the persons in charge have so far worked amicably as to bring the people to port in the very best order. During the passage there were five cases of scarlet fever, but the prompt measures taken by the Surgeon Superintendent prevented the spread of the disorder, and more than the prescribed number of days had elapsed from the last case on arrival. Dr. Toll, the Health Officer, therefore awarded pratique. As soon as practicable Mr. DafSeld, the Immi gration Agent, mustered the people on board, and a tug was required to be in waiting on Wednesday morning, when the vessel would be taken, into harbour. The whole of those on board were very well spoken of by the doctor, both in point of general good conduct during the ?pacsage and adaptability for colonial life. There are 114 single girls in charge of Miss Neil, 52 married couples, besides 113 children of all ages. The single men number 6'-. : The Proposed CoRPOBATioNOvERDRiiT.— The follovrijij notice has been cerred upon the City Corporation and the Town and Countiy Bank. The action n based upon sections 222 and 237 of Act 190 of 1SG0:— ' October SO, 1883.— To the Corporation of Adelaide : Gentlemen— Take notice that you hp.ving announced an intention to borrow £6,CC0 by overdraft for the purpose of executing works for which a loan was out voted by the ratepayers on a poll demanded by yourselves, and such loan not being for the purpose of carrying on or completing public works in progress at the_ time, and be?ng otherwise contrary to law, it is my in tention as a ratepayer to apply to the Supreme Court for an injunction to restrain your acting in excess of yonr powers. — I am, &c;, Abetas Young, 90, King William-street, Adelaide, a ratepayer,' Embezzlement.— Edward Charles Hardy, who surrendered himself to the police at Ade laide last week, was charged on the 29th inst. at the Port Pirie Police Court, before Messrs. C. W. F. Trapmann and E. J. Hector, J. P. 's, with embezzling moneys and securities, the property of his employer, Mr. James Harris, viz., two cheques drawn by T. J. Brown, of Solomontown, on the local branch of the National Bank of Australasia, for the sums of £13 16s. and £6 3s. 6d., dated May 30, and April 12, 1881. The prisoner was undefended. Mr. James Charles Harris identified the prisoner as the party for whose arrest he had issued a warrant in 1881, and supported the charge. Mr. T. J. Brown swore to having paid the cheques to the prisoner, for which he held Hardy's receipts on the accounts, which were put in. The Manager of the National Bank, Port Pirie, produced the cheques, both of which bore the accused's endorsement, and were paid by the Bank on the date of issue. The prisoner declined to ask the witnesses any questions. On being cautioned in the usual way, and asked if he had any statement to make, he said "No," only that he had travelled 1,500 miles from New South Wales to give himself up, and asked the Magistrates for bail, which was refused. Prisoner was committed for trial at the next Criminal Sittings at Gladstone. The Roadway theoitgh Victoria square.— The City Corporation, determined to lose no time, save instructions on Monday for the removal of the fences obstructing the right-of-way through Victoria-square. The. same night wo/kmen were employed in the removal of the trees and railings, and the sqnare on Tuesday presented a strong contrast to its nsual neat and at tractive appearance. The new railing is on the ground ready to be placed in position, and the pathways will soon be finished, the rubbish cleared away, and the new roadway metalled. The fine proportions of King William-street, with the pleasing bj.ck ground formed by the hills, was the subject of general admiration on Tuesday ; while the ntPity of the charge ou the ground of public convenience was made fully manifest. The South British Fire and Marine Insurance Company of New Zealand.— We have received from Mr. L. A. Jessop the report and balance-sheet f or the yearended August SI, 1SS3, and extract from it the following figures:— The income, including the balance brought forward, was £232,91116s. Id. ; the dividends paid in October, 1SS2, and April, 1SS3, absorbed £12,594 6s. 4d-; the fire and marine losses paid and outstanding amounted to £143,063 0a. 10d.; the expenses of manpgement to £14,9CD 7s. 4d.; the sum of £157 10s. was transferred to Reserve Fund, which now stands at £100,000, leaving a credit balance of £32,076 lls. 7d., out of which the Directors propose to pay a dividend at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum. The assets of the Company amount to £262,603 9s. 3d. Cost of the Hawthorn Railway Acci dktt.— A return m reference to the Haw thorn railway accident was laid on the table of the Le&blatire; Council yesterday (says the Arms, of OcU)ber _25). The letura contained full particulars of the amounts of verdicts and costs obtained in the Supreme Court against the Crown by sufferers in the acci dent, and also of the cases settled by arbitra tion and by the Railway Department. V-rdicts were recovered in the Supreme Court to the amount of £50,693 3§. 3d., the costs of defendants in the cases being £6,690 Is. Id. The sum of £492 Is. 3d. was also piid aVirterc-t on the verdicts, making the cost of the Supreme Court actions £57,880 7s. od., irrespectiveofcounsel'sfees.medical expenses, &c; Awards were made to claimants by the ArbitrationBoird to theamountof £29,483 lls. 3d., the claimants' costs being £3,o39 9s., and ?;ke arbitiators' fees £1.802 17s., or a to^l of ?c~34 823 The sum paid to claimants in cases settled by the Railway Department wai £10,474 15s. lOd. The total amountactnaJly paid as damages to sufferers was £90,186 7s., and as co: is '£10.696 Is. 10d. The Crown, however, also paid, as fees to counsel em ployed by it, £6,806 16s. 10d., and for medical experscs £7,643 15s. 6d. The repairs to the rolling-stock and hue came to £1,661 Us. od. The total cost in all directions to the Stat3 was £119,64S 10s., and the sum estimated as rrquired to cover outstanding claims was £450. making in all £120.098 103. as the loss cuLed to the State by the accident. South Australian Les^eks.— A large and influential meeting of South Australian lessees in the western district of New South 'Wales was to-day held at the office of Elder, Smith, & Co., when the followins resolution was Tmrmmonslv passed :— i:That, relyin? npon the good taith of the Government or New South Wales as to covenants both made and implied, a number of capi talists resident in South Australia have expended very large sums of money in developing their pastoral holdings in the ?western district oi New South Wales. They now viewed with surprise and alarm the proposed Land Bill, which provides for cutting these covenants by extracting a rack rental, which means practically confisca tion of their holdings and ruin to themselves.' All those present concurred in stating that to far as their runs were concerned the pro posed minimum assessment of 2d. per acre wonld make them valueless to the holders. Northern Land and Investment Com pact.— A general meeting of shareholders in the Northern Land Investment Company was held in Beacorsfield Buildings on Tues day morning, October 30; the Hon. J. B. Spence in the chair. The two retiring Direc tors (Hons. D. Murray and R. C. Baker) were re-elected, and the Auditors (Messrs. H. D. O'Halloran and D. Kekwick) also. The balance- sheet ?nd repoifc were adopted. Kensington Cricket, Football, and Athletic Association.— Mr.' John Creswell has been elected the first life-member of this Association, and Mr.. D. G. Evan has been appointed Secretary. Mr. Readford and Party Safe.— The Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C., received on Tuesday from Messrs, McDonald, Smith, and Co., of Sydney, the following telegram re specting the reported murder, on or about September 26, at Attack Creek, of Messrs. Readford, Macansh, Uhr, and Kelly: — 'Reliable telegrams advise Macansh and party all safe. Inform Government.' : The BoorjiAKEas' Strike. — Mothin™ further of any contequence has transpired in connection -with the bootmakers' strike beyond the fact that a deputation of the men have waited on the employers for the purpose of arranging for the holding o! a conference of employers and men, with a vjew to the settlement of the present dispute. We understand that the majority of the employers have consented to attend such a conference, but no date has yet been fixed for the meeting. The Late Dr. Gething.— The friends and admirers of the late Dr. Gething are taking steps to rear a memorial to his memory, and we understand that a meeting will be shortly called in the Port for the purpose of settling the form which it will take. Working.Men's Cutb.— A meeting of the Preliminary Committee appointed at the late public meeting, was held on Monday evening, October 29, in the .office of the Hon. Henry Scott, Eagle Chambers, and there was a good attendance. The Hon. J. C. Bray occupied the chair. It was decided to issue subscription and enrolment list forthwith, and that when 250 members are enrolled the Club to be considered formed, and a meeting of the members and subscribers to be then convened for the purpose of the formation of the club and the adoption of rules and regulations. The entrance-fee for members was fixe,d at 2s. 6d.,- and the subscription at one shilling per month Mr. E. £L Clark wa3 appointed Secretary; Mr. J. Adams, collector ; and the following gentlemen were added to the Committee :— Messrs. T. Tids well, B. Bailev, J. H. Rule, and J. Martyn. The meeting then adjounied for a fortnight. Crops tn she North.— The late rains which fell during the pa'3t week have done an enormous amount of good to the crops in the Hundreds of Walloway, Pekina, Blackrock Plain, Coomooroo, Ersiine, Eureliaand others (rays our Orroroo correspondent), and have added at the very least from one to two bushels per acre to the yield. This calcu lated at the present low price of wheat wonld mean ' an additional sum to the fanners' income in this neighbourhood of be tween £20,000 and £30,C30. It has been estimated that Walloway will now average 6J buBhels ; Pekina,' 10 bushels ; Blackrock Plain, 9 bushels ; Coomooroo, 10 bushels ; Erskine, 7 bushels ; and Eurelia about 10 bushels to the acre. This, of course, means prosperity in the North, where wheat can be put in in snch large quantities, at snch a small cost. It is to be regretted that many of the farms which have only been cultivated for a few years should be getting in a very dirty condition with oats, barley, and. drake. This shows the want of care in tilling and selecting seed. It is greatly to be feared that unless the rolling-stock ?nd haulingpower on our rail way are erea-tly increased within the next month or two large stacks of wheat will be lying at the railway stations when they ought to be on shipboard on their way to market, thus causing heavy losses to both, the pro ducer and dealer. Flinders- street Presbyterian Church. — The anniversary services of tnis Church were continued on Tuesday, when the custo maiy tea and public meeting's were held. At the after-meeting the Hon. J. Balfour, who is here on a visit from Victoria, nresidsd, Pnd was surjpoi ted by the Revs. J. Lyall, D. Paton, R. M. Hunter, and E. Rorke, all of whom delivered addresses. The Chairman expressed his pleasure at being pre sent, and congratulated the ? congrega tion upon the result of the year's work. He also made iqme remarks in defence of the action of the Victorian Presbytery in regard to the Bev. Charles Suron?. The Rev. J. Lyall made a statement, which showed that twenty-seven new members had been added to the Church membership during the year, and that generaUy the Church was in a satis factoiy condition. Lecture.— On Tuesday evening a lecture was delivered in the Caledonian Hall, under the ausrrices of the Caledonian Literary CInb, by Dr. Pateraon, one of the chieftains of the Society, on 'Hippocrates, the Father of Medicine— his life and writings.' There was a fair attendance, and the chair wa3 occupied by Dr. Mann, F.R.G.S. Three Stort-uooks for the Young.— Our boys and juris of all ases have iu these dajs had their lines cast in pleasant p'acc'j. It is bardly possiVe for those of us whose skulls are bald and whose hair is getting grey, or rather white, to repress a feeling of envy when we hurriedly cast our eye over a collection of children's books, many of them artistic treasures, whose loveli ness, like that of beauty, will in crease for ever, or rather as long as they hang together. There was certainly no such provision made for us when we were youne. Nowadays, owing to the spread of education aud the cheapening of the pro cesses of printing, all but the rery poorest of children may possess a few volumes that will profitably enable them to while away a leisure hour through which they might other wise have pined and sulked. The three volumes before ns, for which we are indebted to Mr. George Robertson, our enterprising Australian publisher, are very creditable pro ductions, and 5n every way admirably adapted' to suit the taste of the big boys and girls for whom they are intended. In ' Evenings Away from Home ; a Modern Miscellany of Entertainment for Young Masters and Misses,' Mr. Ascott R. Hope repubUshes a collection of stories that were originally brought out in an expensive form years ago, and have long been ont of print. They areadmirable of their kind. The titles of some of the articles will be enonch to indicate their character. We have 'Ghost Stories, with Moonlight and Gooseflesh Effects ;' ' A Tale of Horror, in the best style of the ' Penny Dreadfuls;' ' ' Tales about Giants, Princesses, Pirates, Indians, Enchanters, Smugglers,' &c;, fee, startling enough Burely to make any boys teeth water. Of the 'Far-famed Tales- from the Arabian Nights' Entertainments,' a volume illnstrated with seventy-eight appropriate wood engravings, we need Bay no more than that the selection has been wisely made, and that care has been taken to excise anything that the young may not honestly read. Hans Andersen's Fairy Tales are nearly as popular with our youth as 'the Arabian x^ights, and deservedly so. In the volume before us will be found two or three of this master's be3t stories, printed in clear bold type, and accompanied by interesting illustrations. Post Presbyterian Sukday-school. — The anniversary of this school was celebrated by tea and public meetings, largely attended, on Tuesday, October 30. Ths Rev. J. S. Angns presided at the open ^gathering, and alluded to the loss which the cause was sustaining bv the projected departure of Mr. A. Kaye to Dunedin. Mr.Kaye had proved specially useful in connection with the Glan ville branch school, and his removal would be terioUBly felt. Mr. J. W, Campbell read the report touching npon the principal features of the school's proceedings during the pant year. The numerical result had been satisfactory, but there was a great want of teachers. The finances showed — receipts, £'S ; and expenditure, £41. The Rev. W. Jones (Baptist) delivered an inte resting address to children of Scotch parents. The Rev. J. C. Kirby (Congregationaliat) spoke npon the importance of colonial Sunday-school work in view of the defects in that national system of education which icnored the teaching of history, iheinculca tion of the ?orinciples of of morality, and inst action in religion. Other speeches followed from the itev. J.- Watson and others. During the evening Mr. Crocker Smith's choir rendeied_ musical selections, and Mrs. Crocker Smith obtained special notice for a solo. Glenelo V.7esley_an Sunday -school.— The anniversary services in connection, with the Wesleyan Sunday-school, Glenelg, were held on Sunday, October 28. In addition to the morning and evening services the Rev. D. O'Donnell delivered an interesting address to the scholars in the afternoon on flowers. The spacious building was beau tifully decorated, and the large audience seemed to thoroughly enjoy the ' ser vice. The tea meeting was numerously attended, as was the public meeting which followed. Mr. D. Nock occupied the chair. The Secretary (Mr. Jones), in_ his report, said the same system of teaching had been carried out as hitherto, and the teachers were sanguine as to the resnlts of their labonra. The library contained 310 books, exclusive of 40 which had been eeat to St. Leonards branch school. The number of officers and teachsrs on the roll were (male and female) 18. There were 166 scholars ou the register, with an average attendance of 100. This showed an increase of seven upon the previous year. Addresses upon Sunday-school work were delivered by the Revs. R. S. Casely and C. Manthorpe, and other gentlemen. Ear-croppino.— At Quorn, on the 26th inst, John Cahill was fined £5 and costs for slicing off by a straight cut about half the ears of five lambs. The Chief Inspector of Brands prosecuted. The Bench inflicted the lowest penalty. The oifence is a very serious one, and was an especially marked feature in the Brands Act, being one of the principal reasons for a measure being required to stop persons from ear-cropping. London to Calcutta in a Week.— Mr. Bourne, C.E., the Principal of the new Engineering College at Muswell Hill, con tributes to the Chamber of Commerce Journal for September an article descriptive of a pro posed new junction railway intended to unite the railways of Europe with those of India, and which will so accelerate communication between the Eastern and Western worlds that by its aid we shall be enabled to travel from London to Calcutta in a week. The design ot this railway is due to Sir Macdonald Stephenson, by whom the Indian system of railways was 'inaugurated, and who, so far back as 1850, brought the project under the consideration of Lord Palmerston, and, backed bv his influence, under the notice of the principal Courta of Europe as an undertaking that must one day be proceeded With, being the necessary complement of the Indian system of railways about that time begun. In 1847 . Mr. Bourne accompanied Sir Macdonald Stephenson to India to com mence the workB of the East Indian Railway —the first line constructed in India, and which has since reached a high measure of commercial success — and he has since, in conjunction with Sir Macdonald Stephenaon, collected all necessary information regarding the commerce, population, productions, trade routes, topography, geological formation, and mineral wealth of the countries intervening between iiurope and India, so as to ascer tain what were the physical difficulties which would be encountered in the construction of the proposed junction railway, and what the prospects were of a remunerative re turn. In the prQBecution of this task about 5,000 volumes, bearing npon such topics, have been examined, and 1,000 maps, and a line has been struck out which there is every reason to believe would be remunerative from the local traffic alone, and which is exempt from Berious engineering difficulty from end to end. The European system of railways ia now complete or being_ completed up to. Con stantinople. The Indian system is complete np to Sibi on the road to Candahar, and the junction link now proposed between theae two points, and which would be 3,000 mileB long; or of the same length as one of the rail ways across America, would ran from Con stantinople through Angora, Sivas, Van, Tabreez, Teheran, Meshed, Herat, and Can dahar. The time, it is believed, has now arrived for utilizing the laborious research continued during so many years. A new and a faster route to India has become necessary. Railways ramifying over ths face of Europe and over the face of India have now been constructed which will collect and dis tribute the traffic of the connecting trunk, and with such aids the through traffic, it is believed, will be large. Every railway in Europe and every railway in India ia in terested in the construction of this junction link, and measures, we are informed, are now being taken for carrying out the under taking without further delay. Solar Phenomenon.— A correspondent of the Ceylon Observer thus describes the abnor mal appearance of the sun : — ' Puleadiera kam, September 12.— I write this from the above place on my way to Trincomalee, being much interested to learn whether the same phenomena exist throughout the island. The sun for the last fonr days rises in splendid green when visible, i.e., about 10° from the horizon. As he advances he assumes a beautiful blue, and as he comes further on looks a brilliant blue, resembling burning sulchur. When about 45* it is not pos sible to look at it with the naked eye ; but even when at the very zenith the light is bhie, varying from a pale bine early to a bright blue later on, almost similar to moon light even at midday. Then, as he declines, tne sun assumes the same changes, but vice vena. The beat is greatly modified, and there is nothing like the usual hot days of Septem ber. The moon now visible in the afternoons looks also tinged with bine after sunset, and, as she declines, assumes a moat fiery colour 30° from the zenith. The people are in terror at these phenomena, some even expectingthe end. Can this be the resnlt of the eruption in the Snnda Straits? P.S.— There is no light, even though the sun is visible, until nearly 7 a.m.' The Plethora of Millionaires in the American RErupLic. — In the course of an article on the society aspects of the United Stales, Mr. Archibald Forbes remarks that 'FoiLy years ago 81CD.CC 0 was accounted a large fortune in the United States, and pro bably John Jacob Astor was the only mil lionaire, and he only a dollar millionaire. To-day there is a rr an in the United States po: 'jesdng a fortune of over 150 million dollars ; there are at least a dozen men who would each 'boil down' for 100 million dollars ; and there are an indefinite number —certainly over 100— the clear assets of each 6f whom range from fifty down to twenty million dollars.' To illustrate the super abundance of money in New York, the writer further on says : — 'A building site in a coveted neighbourhood in New York, and a narrow quarter-acre slip it was, fetched the' other day £65,000. Mr. Vanderbilt's new house cost three millions sterling to build, decorate, and furnish, the pictures not in cluded. For the wooden carving and panel l?ng of one room Mr. D. O. Mills, a Californian capitalist, who has recently come east, and who in the early days was a small money lender in Sacramento, disbursed £100,000. Mr. Vanderbilt drives in his buggy team the celebrated trotting mare Maud S., whose record of 2 min. 10J Eec. is the best the world knows up till now, and for whom he might have any day a larger price than that which Mr. Peck paid Mr. Merry for Doncaster.' Young Hen's Christian Association.— The foundation-stone of the Youne Men's Christian Association Bnildincs, Grenfelt-street, arrived on Tuesday morning. It wefah3 nearly six tons, and came from Fjnlay & Co.ra quanies, Port Elliot. The stone is to be laid by Sirs. Alexander Hay to morrow ; ana the Hon. J. Balfour, M.L.C., of Vic toria, the Hon. Alexander Hay, the Hon. D. Murray, Sir Henry Avers, the Hon. J. .C.JBray, and other gentlemen are to take part in the pro ceedings. ? The HAT-HAfivESTiNG Contest.— Through inad vertence we omitted to mention that land No. 7 at the Salisbury contest was rerped by the Austral asian Implement Company's Walter A. Wood's string-binding harvester, and by a curions mis calculation we credited the performances of each implement in this section by giving itan hour longer than was really occupied in reaping its five acres. The Osborne reaper finished in 3 hours 31 minutes ; theWood's ajid the McConnick in 3 hours 42 minutes ; but time could not be considered in the performances of the implements; because they were stopped very often, and even taken pattly to pieces, in order to satisfy the curiosity of the visitors and the Judges. MacDonnell Ward.— In response to a request preferred by a deputation on Wednesday morning, Mr. J: G. Osbome has consented to stand for MacDonnell Ward. The Insolvent Rule.— The statement in a telegram in yesterday's Rcrjister that Rule had failed to obtain bail was incorrect. Immigration and Emigration.— The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by cea from other ports during the week ending Saturday, Octuber 27, was 258. Of these 115 came from ton don, 140 from Melbourne, 2 from Newcastle, and 1 from Fremantle. The number who left Port Ade laide by similar means drring that period was 277, of whom 252 went to Melbourne, 17 to Albany, i to London, 2 to Sydney, 1 to Fremanfle, and 1 to Marseilles. Chamber of ComrERCE.— The quarterly general meeting of this Chamber ia to be held this after noon. Caledonian SociETy.— A members' Halloween social is to be held in the Albert Hall this evening. Quoits.— A special general meeting of the Hind marsh United Quoit Club is to be held to-night. Received.—' Principles of Banking as applicable to Pastoral and A^ricottural Settlement,' by H. L. E. RuthninR. The Accident at the Anchor Brewery.— We are informed that Mr. W. Wyatt, chemist, of Hind marsh, has consented to act as Treasurer for con tributions on behalf of the widow and child of the unfortunate man Christopher Comas, who are left in poor circumstances. The widow being in a delicate condition makes the case still more distressing. It is proposed to give an entertainment at Hind marsh shortly in aid of the same object, The case is one deserving the help and sympathy of the charitably disposed. 