ECHOES OF MELBOURNE [By The Ghost. 1 SeDt. 15. All work , and no play has evidently made ? our political Jacks extremely ?. dull boys. The pro ceedings in both Housss of Parliament have been as flat as ditchwater, no little 'Hcene' even occurring to varv their dull monotony. The estimate's are, as a rule, not a very enlivening subject, and perhaps now that the report upon the resolutions in regard to the year's expenditure has been agreed to, and 'little more life may be infused into the debates. But there is not much appear ance of any party being prepared to tread upon any other party's political coat tail just at the present, moment. The Oppo sitionists appear for the nonce to have ac cepted the situation. Ministers now talk boldly of 'giving consideration to the matter during the recess,' whioh is tanta mount to the avowal that they see no storm ahead which : may have the effect of keeping them from thii desired' haven of rest. ', Even Mrj Graves and Mr. M'Intyre have grown less, aggressive; arid Major Smith's attacks from the rear lost much of 'thiiir; rigouri'; so .the 'Trork, of,' legislation has gone merrily on. The Judicature Bill has passed the Upper House, and the Melbourne Tramway Bill, with some .trifling amendments, sent back to the Assembly for the final approval of the ' popular branch of the Legislature.' Tho estimates have also run tho gauntlet of their .final stage, and when the post poned Items for the Defence Force and the Public Library have been sufficiently talked over, the Assembly will cease to be troubled: with estimates until they once more appear in the shape of supple mentary ones. Like the postcripts of ladies' letters, these addenda often contain more important ,matterthan the docu ments to whioh .they are appended, and there is'every probability that the, present Government will not depart from es tablished precedent. Private mombers' business has also progressed most satis factorily, tho measures engineered by Mr. Coppin for allowing persons to settle homesteads ,on themselves, Mr. Shield's bill to render the plactiis uxor virtually independent of the Hege .lord, and Mr:: Quick's bill, to- permit tho, incorporation, of literary associations, having all been advanced a, stage. The week's1 work is oertainly ? creditable, and the £6. 5s, coming to each hon. member fairly earned. Some rather queerrevelations were made by some of .the witnesses examined before the Ordnance -Board — a body charged with enquiring into the condition of the military and stores in possession, of the Govornmenfc of Victoria. Dozens . of rifles, have at various times been lent to various , theatres, the managers treating the borrowed weapons with as little cere mony as if they were loaned umbrellas,, and forgetting to return them. Articles have disappeared in ,'a most mysterious way, no record of when, where, or how they vanished being obtainable. And it was further elicited that 'about a ton' of salt beef had been among the sea stores pf the Nelson ever since the arrival of that standing example of official blun dering on the part of 'our lords who rulo the waters,' in Hobson's Bay. The story of that much travelled salt junk would be doubtless an eventful one. It was [given in evidence that the aforesaid beef had been ' re-packed' so far back as 184O.by the home authorities. How long this marine delicacy had been in pickle previous to this renovating process is of course only a matter for conjecture. It mavhave been, for nuerhfc known to tho contrary, frozen during an expedition to the North Pole, or parboiled during a cruise on the coast of Africa. But any way, if Gunner Jubbs is to be believed — and that gallant tar should ba an autho rity on the matter — age has not oaused the 'sailors' friend' to become more toothsome. It has not, like wine, im proved by long keeping. He told the Board that 'ovon the. sharks wouldn't touch it;' and when these omniverous aea monsters turn up their not-over-fas- . tidious noses at ' the antiquated viands offered them, it may fairly be surmised that they can't b,e very appetising. Would it not be well to have some of these sea-stores cooked and served up at the next Ministerial banquet? Salt beef . half a century old would be a decided epicurean novelty. And talking pf novelties one's thoughts are necessarily led to the ' new depar ture' in journalism taken by the Daily Telegraph. In order to gratify a . fad of some of the ' unco guid' among the new proprietary into whosa hands the paper has fallen, there is to be no more work done on Sundays. Henceforth the com positors are to stand idle until the last echo of the midnight chime proclaims the birth of, Monday morning. Then the portals of the establishment are to bo thrown open ; the sleepy reporters who have perhaps juat arisen from their first nap, or been awaiting the ' witching hour of night' in the nearest pub, are to com mence their labours ; and the patient advertisers who have been kicking their heels about waiting for admission, to be attended to. Whether, this plan will be adhered to remains to be proved. It haa the disadvantage, of ' depriving both the literary and . mechanical staffs of their only holiday — Saturday — as in stead of haying nothing to do on that day they have to attend at the : office until midnight. If the -joody-goodies weite to think the matter out, they would discover that under the 'new system there is far more of what .they are pleased to style Sabbath desecration than under the old method of conducting the business of the ?paper. And if they could only hear the very strong language their course of action has provoked among the 'poor printers!' thus virtually nolens volens com pelled to become Sabbatarians, Messrs. Balfour, H. W. Daviek, M'Kiellay, the Rev. A. R. Fjtchett, and the rest of the saintly proprietors might perchance ar rive at the conclusion that in regard to the morals of the B.t T., ' the last state of that house is worse than the first.' : , ''Scape goats ' are as much in request in our time as they were in the days of Abraham and Isaac. The Railway de partment has just afforded the world an example of the desire to affix the conse quences of their own faulty plan of man agement, which proves the truth of the averment of the anxiety which always is shown; by people to ? shift the responsi bility of their own blundering on others' shoulders, ? The engine .driver and' .'the signalman who contributed', towards the ;Newinarket, rail way ;'accideht have been, at tho instance of theRailway department, committed for trial. This step will' not,' however, save the country from the re sults of the disaster. . Claims are being sent in daily for damages, and if the tax payers of the colony escape under £10,000 they will indeed be lucky. Tho next best thing now-a-days to coming in for a fortune is being in a 'railway accident.' It's - safer for a prize than even a ticket in the sweeps of 'Orient' or '{ Adamaster.' White, the alleged forger, haB been brought back from Sydney. Strange to 6ay, his arrival has caused a flutter in many a money-lending dovecot.- It was so simple a way of refusing, to honour an acceptance by. declaring the 'little bill' to be a forgery, that tho privilege, it is believed, has been used rather too freely, and the presence of Mr. White is there fore not looked upon as an unmixed blessing by those whose autographs are appended to tho ' pro mis; a to pay.' ? ' /The, melancholy sensation of- the week has been: the fatal fire at South Yarra, causing the death of five children. :?? Four perished in the burning building, a fifth dying a few hours after from the injuries received. The origin of the 'conflagration will probably . always remain a mystery, the Coroner and his twelve good- men and true having been unable to ascertain ' how the place became ignited. '? The' deepest' sympathy has been evoked in favour of tho bereaved parents, Mr. and Mrs Nash, i .??';? . ? ??.,,' It is somewhat strange our colonial pride has not rebelled before this at the action of the railway authorities: Second class carriages are arriving daily in the oolony, constructed in England on the plan of those in use on the home linos. By the ingenious yet withal simple device of painting out the word' second' and substituting the word ' first' on the panel of the doors, the vehicles are trans formed as by the touch of a magician's wand into first-class carriages. Is this not a virtual admission of. our colonial inferiority 1 What is deemed accommoda tion for second-class English people is: thought quite good enough for ' first class' Victorians. And this is a demo cratic country ! ' i No change has to be recorded in the temples of Thespis, if the ? re-appearance of i the Montague-Turner company1 of English operatic singers be excepted . The return of the two principals to the Mel bourne, stage has afforded the public a real treat. Mr. Turner is in good voice, and Miss Anni3 Montague sings, if possible, more charmingly than ever; The 'Bohemian Girl' has held the boards during the week, .and appears to be as great a favourite as ever. Ditto the Majeroni's, and ditto ' Eureka' at the Royal. .- ' ?? . .''.':' ? 'm ? 