Original Poetry. THE BACHELORS' PORTRAIT. THE naturalists say these singular creatures Are alike in their habits, their forms, and their features; The Benedicts' think that their senses are small, While women affirm "they have no sense at all," But are curious compounds of very hard stuff, Inflexible, hard, and exceedingly tough. The old ones have wigs, the young ones have hair, And they curl it, and scent it, and friz it with care; And turn it to dark should it chance to be fair. They are wanderers and ramblers never at home, Making sure of a welcome wherever they roam; And every one knows that the bachelors' den, Is a room set apart for these singular men-- A nook in the clouds, perhaps five feet by four, Though sometimes perchance it may be rather more-- With sky-light, or no light, ghosts, goblins and gloom And everywhere termed "The Bachelors' room." These creatures they say are not valued at all, Except when the herd give a Bachelors' ball; Then dressed in their best, in their gold broider'd vest, 'Tis known as a fact that they act with much tact; And they lisp, and "How do," and they coo, and they sue And they smile for a while, their guests to be- guile, Condescending and bending, for fear of offend- ing; Though inert they expect to be pert and to flirt, And they turn and they twist, and they e'en play at whist; And they whirl, and they twirl,and they whisk and they brisk; And they whiz, and they quiz, and they spy with their eye, And they sigh as they fly. For they meet to be sweet, and fleet on their feet; Pattering, and flattering, and chattering, Spluttering, and fluttering, and buttering; Advancing, and glancing, and dancing, and prancing, And bumping, and jumping, and stumping, and thumping, Sounding, and bounding, around and around; Sliding, and gliding with minute space, Pirouetting, and setting, with infinite grace. They like dashing and flashing, hashing and splashing-- Advancing, and chasing, and pacing and lacing; They are frittering and glittering, gallant and gay; Yawning all morning and lounging all day-- Love living in London, life loitering away, At the club; and at Crickford's, the Park and play. And sighing, and crying, when lying and dying, Groaning and heaving, though nought he is leaving; But wealth, and ill- heath, and his pelf, and his self. Then he sends for a doctor to cure or to kill, Who gives him offence, as well as a pill, By dropping a hint about making his will; And as fretful antiquity cannot be mended, The lonely life of the bachelor's ended. Nobody mourns him, nobody cries; Nobody misses him, nobody sighs; For nobody grieves when a bachelor dies. But when the bachelor boy grows old And these butterfly days are past; When three score years their tale have told He then repents at last, When he becomes an odd old man With no warmer friend than a warming pan. He is fidgety, fretful, and frowsy, and frail, Loves self, and his bed, and his dinner and wine; And he rates and he prates, and he reads the debates, Abuses the world, and the women he hates, And is prosing, and dosing, and cosing, all day And snoring and boring and roaring away; And he's muffy, and buffy, and huffy, and stuffy, And musty, and fusty, and crusty; Sneezing and wheezing, and teasing, and freezing, And grumbling, and rumbling, and stumbling; Frawling, and bawling, sprawling, and craw- ling, Withering, and dithering, and quivering, and shivering; Waking, and aching, and quaking, and shaking, Ailing, and failing, and always bewailing; Dreary, weary, and nothing that's cheery, Groaning, and moaning, his selfishness owning. Now, gentlemen, mark me! For this is the life That is led by a man never blessed with a wife; And this is the way that he yields up his breath, Attested by all who are in at the death. A JESTERsaJoKED :-W-V- Mark Twain, Joe "G'lidini,';Dan- De Quille, Frank Mayor, Louis Aldrich Dennis M'Oarty, your narrator and other choice spirits had organized a club ap propiately named the "Visigoths." Mark: Twain was then laying the foundation of his future wondronus faame by filling the columns of the 'Virginia City Enteiprisca with the, toughest though richest kind of humour. It' often took the form of the most nebrciless prac-. tical jokes.: None of us escaped his keen ton gue or t reichant pen. So when one day Mark announced his intention of leaving us for the Ray to seek his fortune in a larger field, the " boys" resolved to give him a good send off. "Mark was mysteriously informed that the visi tors were going to do something handscme. Twail, not to be outdone bought a box of chauimpgne, iuad prepared himiself with a most pathetic speech. Wie got ourselves ready for the presentation by buying an elegant morocco caose, properly inscribod, and then quietly and insiduonusly pilaced in it a'clay pipe costin juatj fifty cents. Tio case was locked, and we threw' away the key. I hlappeaed to be the Viking for that week, and it devolved upon me to, make the lpresentatioan sleech. It was done in the molt solemn and dignified -nalinar. MLark's aaiiy noble qualities were onlarged up-i on. Ilis brilliant genious, iha brighlt fut're; how sorrowfull,,y w. par.te\d with the merry,; in a roar.". Then the mneerschanum canse wa handed over to him. The response was so eloquent and pathetic that it moved him to tears, and usntoo-but no matter. The chamn pagne flored fast and furious. But the groat hunmourist and champion seller did not becomeo aware of life treasure till he got home and had procured the services *of a locksmith. They say the air was filled with sulphurous gasses when Mark 'realised the seoll I He did not speak to us for a week.-C. R. Pope in St. Louis Post Dispatch. _; A liuEnEw usurer at Christolhurch, New Zealand, has boon made to disgorge some of his usury. In the Mfagistrate's Court on the 26th ultihlo, a widow sued H. E. N. E. Nathan for £46, for monies excessively charged and distress illegally levied. The evidence showed that plaintiffrgave a hill for £(i0 and received £40. Afterpaying£12 in weekly Installments she gave a renowed bill for £54. She payed £4 of this and renowed it for £56. By Feb ruary sheo had paid £0 offthis, when defendant required a now bill for £60. Plaintiff refused and defendant put in a distress warrant. Judgment was given for plaintiff for £20 for excessive chargo, and .£10 for illegal dis tress. Proceedings have been instituted (says the Melbourne Herald) by Charles Richmond Lam pard, of Melbourne, storeman, for divorce from his wife, Alice Jane Lampard, on the ground of adultery with a dairyman at Emer ald Hill, named Louis Perrett. Similar pro ceeding will be commenced at the next sittings of the Divorce Court by W. J. Carlie, of Carlton, for release from the responsibility of maintaining Elizabeth Jane, his wife. The petitioner is described as an athlete, and was accustomed to figure in walking contests, and the co- respondent, Henry Woods, was his trainer. The design for the now theatre and opera houase at tlhe corner of Market and Gourge streets is dminploted,?mnd a company i? to be formed for the purpose of leasing the, ground for :1 years, ' 