TUXLF GOSSIP br Aiktcb. Seldom or never have I seen a more un lost The weather octafafe the attend ance small, and the racing not .above medio crity. If (he members of the Melbourne Hunt Club are desirona of keeping op the character of the spring meeting they moat make some attempt to popularise tire programme. The near approach of the V.A.T.C. and V.E.C. meetings mast haveits effect upon the H.H.C. githering, for the rich events dispensed bar them induoo owners to reserve their homes, but I think a little more liberality npon the part of the Melbourne Hunt Club would have she effect of attracting larger fields. Three ordystarted for the Hurdlellace, and one of these came to grief, Lottie breaking her off fore leg ao badly that ahe had to be destroyed. I sympathised with her trainer, J. Perkins, who had the mare looking remarkably well, bat bad lnck atnck to nun. Hia boy, too, received a very severe shaking, and as he was lifted into the ambulance waggon andcon veyed to the^caaualty ^ward, the spectators feared bad was b^mi^btne/ ^arraef in Bator's hands, shaped somewhat better than she aid at Wyndham, and waiting on Pemberley until well inside the distance, she beat him Terr easily. Halifax won the Belling Pace with ridiculous ease, and Muqgrove taking to that care not to make a mistake similar which Robertson fell Into at Caulfield, the eon of Hawthoraden had alen "" Recovery was considered a wa„ __ _ for the Hunt Club Cup, which brought «miserable "field of four, and the tavou would have won had not Mr. Jones made it stupid blunder, by going the wrong course when he had a lead of over 100 yards. Young Godfrey Wateon made nomistake on Daylight, and riding like hia father in the olden tune, he just made a race of it to please the public. The winner is said to be by ning Alfred, who has been dead several years. By far the most interesting event of the day was the Flyiug Stakes for two year olds; of the lot that came to the post I liked nothing so well as Falkirk, butthe beautiful Bonne Fortune and equally handsome Sandal were more in favour with the public, and the style in which Sandal won speaks well for Hclene's chance in the Man byrnong Plate. Humour says that the daughter of Tinfinder can give her stable companion 281b. and a beating; and if she can, she ought to win, though the cold she has been suffer ing from may interfere with her chance. 1 don't think I ever saw a greater brute than In victus at the post. He is a good looking colt, and had done a splendid trial on the previous Thursday, but directly he faced Mr. Watson, he turned round and bolted the other way. The lad coaxed him to return, but when, the flag went down he refused to budge, and cantered home some distance behind the others. Directly he entered the weighing enclosure he made a bolt into the saddling paddock, where he behaved like a mad horse until the lad dis mounted. The winner is by Winterlake, who, TothiU informs me, was shot by Mr. Blackler a short time ago& the horse being too 7 7**V "—vwgw, WUC UUIOC UCIUK IAJV dangerous to keep. Sandal is from one of Mr. Blackler'sbeautifully-T lly-bred mares, Instep, by Lord Ciifden from Sandal by Stoekwell, and running back to Industry by Priam. It is again worthy of remark that the three placed youngsters were bred out of Victoria, and they were followed home by Ferrymaid, a useful filly in A. Davies's stable. Songster having gone lame in the shoulder, Mr. Sullivan nad to scratch him for both Hurdle Face and Steeplechase, so that in the latter he had to trust to Squire, and the brown at one time had so strong a lead that he looked all over a winner, but when Vaulter tackled him at the last fence he soon settled him. As usual nowadays, when Mr. Bailey's horses win, the owner hadn't anything on, but the public followed Scobie, who is almost, if not quite, as popular as Corrigan and Batty, and they landed their money. Considering that Blackthorn was carrying 12st 101b., he ran a great race, and was never out of it, though the impost was a little too much for him to struggle home under. Magician cave Isdale a nasty foil, and Fickle grassed Batty, but fortunately neither jockey received much injury, though Isdale appeared to be badly hurt at first Phantom won the mile race in a common canter, so easily indeed as to cause still further astonishment at his defeat on the Ballarat course. Squireen ran up to his form, but he hadn't the ghost of a snow with the grey, who had the race in hand a furlong from home, and he more than satis fied everybody that his victory at Wyndham in the previous week was no fluke Phantom is a son of Lecturer and Mr. L. L. Smith's old favourite Lancashire Witch, who once ran a very fast mile at Flmington. Visitors to Flemington on Saturday last iiad an opportunity of inspecting Mr. Byron Moores late improvements, and not the least appreciated was the increase of elm trees in the saddling paddock. I heard two of the leading members of the club denouncing the expenditure of £20,000 on "that hole behind the stand" as a useless waste of money, but as they had not seen the ac commodation provided, their opinion was taken with the customary grain of salt I believe the principal rooms under the new Stand are to he upholstered, free, by Messrs. Levinson, Steinfeld, and Co. for the spring meeting. From Tasmania I learn that Mr. Alfred Page has hod another slice of bad luck in losing his brood mare Blue Gown. Poisoned grain had been laid down for rabbits, and as the mare ate a lot of it, she died. Mr. David Taylor generously presented the stake won by Forrester in tne Campbell Town St© Steeple chase to Kearney, who trained the horse, and gave Smith the jockey £50, while Mr. R. Harrison gave George Law, "the village blacksmith," the stake won by Luriine in the Hurdle Race. Mr. W. A. Filgate arrived from Adelaide on Saturday last, and brought the two- year old Lavington with him. At last the pen has been put through War wick's name for the V.R.C. Spring meeting, he having been scratched at 85 minutes past 11 a.m. on Monday. I have been informed that it was no fault of the National Agricultural Society that the provision I complained of last week was in troduced to the rules governing the prise for thoroughbreds. The society, however, will give a gold medal, which, I presume, is open to all, and if so, I hope to see some of our best horses enter the ring. From the day that Koh-i-noor was sold ont of the Bnndoora-park stud I've always had an exalted opinion of him. He partially corroborated it when he ran a dead heat with Mata, and afterwards ran such a close race with Napper Tandy at Geelong. I thought these performances excellent for a two year old, bat he didn't realise anticipations subse quently, and when I read that he had been badly beaten in Adelaide a short time ago I began to lose faith in him. On Saturday last, however, he xaisedmy drooping hopes by easily winning the handicap at the A.ILC. meeting, when he carried 7st 121b., and won the mile and-a-half race in the very respectable time of 2m. 421s. Koh-i-noor is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at fist. 131b., and the Melbourne Cup at 7st, so that he is not overweighted, aha if he has improved as he shoukfhave, the South Australians may again have the satisfaction of landing a lug race. Koh-i noor fa bred like a racehorse, and is very closely related to Robinson Crusoe and other great members of the Juliet family, being by Ffscaior (son bf Angler) from Topaz, by Fire works from The Gem, by Maribymong from Chrysolite. Vr. A. F. Smart made a capital bargain when he purchased Charming from Mr. M. Fennel ly, tor he changed her name to Brown and Rose, ran her in the two-year- old nee at Rand wick last Saturday, and defeated her late stable companion Bargo, Lord Exeter, and others. This must have been galling to her late owner, who, however, always bad a good opinion of the filly, and sold her only because he did not wish to keep any horeesof his own. A trip to Mordialloc in the Bpring of the year is most enjoyable, if only to admire the beauties of nature. The effect of the glorious season that we have bad is everywhere visible on the route, and the ti-tree, with its beautiful snow-white blossom, helps to fill up a very pretty picture. What a treat it is to a towns man to stroll along that grand old beach and fnhalejhe healthful breezes that are wafted from Hobson's Bay, To sporting men, how ever. Mordialloc has other attractions, tor Sears. .T. TWiittiniAam and J. B> Ciooke ive there eefabtished mie of the best train ing grounds I have had the pleasure of visit ing. It waa this, and not a aetire to enjoy a dreuj^oiotone, t^tooknm to Monlialloc on Tuesday last. As we did &ot; travel at peed it took over an hour to aecom .run down, andafterenjoying aatooll «n ttoTWhch <Mj a eg^lanobtonat the trf HoeTRexmfaon. himseu a thorough sportsman, Mr. Crooks drove me and.a couple of friends to bis camp, situate, about a couple of miles from the station. Since Mr. Crooke took possession, be has laid down three tracks, and when thoroughly complete they will be even better than those of Mr. James Wilson at St. Albans, the sandy loam forming such a beautiful track that even though it had been raining heavily all night, only the imprint of the horses' feet was visible after galloping. It is the same in summer, so that Mr. Crooke has no fear of horses breaking down from any fault in the ground—in fact, he trains nearly all of his lorses barefooted. Mr. Crooke has not a large string just now, but it includes two or three useful horses, one of them being Pro metheus, who was in physic at the time of my visit, having sprained the muscles of his near shoulder, and though he was much better than he had been, I think it very doubt ful if we shall see the colt in anything like his best form for some time. I thought Clap trap had thickened and improved since I last saw him, and with that well-rounded barrel of his he ought to stay any distance. Merrimn, by Argus Scandal from Chiffoniere, is a very likely-looking chesnut two-year- old colt, engaged in the V. AT.C. Foal Stakes, and as he looks like galloping he may carry Mr. Wbittingham's colours into a prominent position this afternoon. Luck has been dead against the stable during the post twelve months, and I'm sure nobody would begrudge it a big win at Canlfield. Timboon is a very useful colt, with not the best of timber under him. Ironmaster keeps improving, and as he is bound to be served by time he may some day justify the good opinions that were formed of him fast spring. Attach&is; a use ful member of the team, and both be and. Ironmaster shaped well in a mile gallop that they were treated to in onr presence, after which we returned to town well pleased with most enjoyable afternoon's outing. Messrs. W. Yuille and Co. submitted Messrs. Robertson and Wagner's horses to competition on Monday. There was a pretty fair attendance at the bazaar. Great Western was knocked down to Mr. Reid for 190 guineas; Prince Regent to Mr. Connor for 70 guineas; Welcome Jack for 200 guineas; ana Ontario to Mr. H. Conolly for750guineas. Although they were knocked down at the above prices I am in a position to state that they were not sold. St. Lawrenoe was also put up, but the reserve was not reached, and he also returned to Canlfield. Blackthorn and several others were also passed in. Mr. J. B. Pearson, president of the Caster ton Racing Club, and one of the most liberal and enthusiastic supporters of Bpprt, is about to leave the Casterton district Ab a mark of the respect in which he is held by the sportsmen of Casterton, they intend to give a complimentary meeting in hiB honour on Tuesday, 18th December. The programme appears this week, and the chief events are the Pearson Handicap and Steeplechase. Nominations for the handicaps close on Wed nesday, November 14. Owners of horses must not forget the Naxandera Turf Club events, which close with the secretary, Mr. J. F. Willans, at 4 p.m. on Friday next, October 19. The races that dose on that day are the Narandera T.C. Handicap of 80 so vs., and the Town Plate of 50 BOVB# TattersnU's Club Cup iB one of the most popular among the summer handicaps of Australia, and racing men, especially those of New South Wales, will please bear in mind that nominations for this event dose at 4 p.m. on Thursday next, October 18. In order to meet the convenience of the nume rous New South Wales men at present in Victoria, arrangements have been made to re ceive nominations at the V.R.C. office, Bourke-street, Melbourne. Full particulars of the Terrara yearlings to be disposed of by Messrs. Yuille and Co. ap peared last week, and a glance at their breed ing will satisfy intending purcliasers that there are some brilliant gems in the collec tion. There are two or three perhaps a litt'.e too dosely inbred to suit the discerning breeding student, who very reasonably will argue that too dose an alliance will result in a race ol weeds, bnt most of them are from grandly bred mares, and this will not be jost sight of by those who may be hankering after a rimA of the Juliet blood, than which there is nothing more valuable in the world. Robinson Crusoe, one of the most brilliant iTiPmhcrw of the family, is represented by no less than 11 of the 15, the first on the list being a chesnut colt from the Lord of the Hills mare Nell, and then there is a brown colt from Patch, by Fireworks from Syren (dam of Larpent). The Patch colt's breeding I like very much, and with Fisherman on each side, just far enough away, I think this youngster likely to prove a success as a racehorse. Cracker has a brown colt by the same sire, and as the dam of this colt is a daughter of Beatrice, the dam of His Lordship, ffis Grace, and Olga, there can be no doubt respecting the success of the family. Another colt whose breeding I fancy very much is the son of Robinson Crusoe and Lady Laura, by Hamlet from Lady Hilda, by Lord of the Isles from Rigolboche, dam of the English Derby winner Cremorne. Luna has proved herself one of the most valuable among Mr. De Mestre's brood mares, for she produced the Sydney Cup winner A T., Mel bourne Cup winner Calamia, and Geekmg Cup winner Gudarz. A colt by Robinson Crusoe from Melanie (full sister to Grand Prix and The Painter) is another member of a very suc cessful family, and those'desirous of obtain ing plenty of the Juliet blood eonld not nave anything better than the colt by Robinson Crusoe from Maid Marian, by The Marquis from Sylvia. Juliet's name appears in each Bide of this colt's pedigree, and bo it does in the pedigree of the colt by Robinson Crusoe from Ragpicker, full sister to Sylvia. Rose of Denmark is a name that once was idolised on the Victorian tarf, when the beautiful daughter of Stock well and March io ness ran bo forward for two Melbourne Cups. At the stud she ooald claim Florence, Hamlet, Horatio, and Guinea, all good per formers, and as her yearling is a colt by Pis cator it ought to be a very valuable one. A sister to Nicholas, a filly by Robinson Crusoe from Italia, a filly bF Piscator—Lady Spec, and a filly by Piscator from Giovanna com plete a list which could not be surpassed in any Btud in Australia. In addition to Mr. De Mestre's yearlings, there will be submitted several valuable mares and fillies, the property of Mr. J. R. Fairchild. First of all lsthePisherman mare Jessica, the dam of Sybil, Nerissa, and West bury. The imported mare EtinceUe* by Plutus from Aricie, is worth a place in any stud; she is in foal to Calamia. Sybilte brat known as the filly that ran'second to Briseis for the Melbourne Cup, andpfterwarda won the Australiah Cup. Her Majesty, by Kingof the Ring from Ityml j h by Proto-Martyr from J< filly by Ptotodtartyxfi ling filly by Richmond with the others, valuable stud, from Ma day; tn Among the sale^o! S^iod^Botwo6d%"Wd.,T^re the brood mare Coy, by The Marquis from La F^JTv*1 ' v- e%_by Fireworks from Coy : and Young King, by King of the Ring frqm programme which will require the atten nf ?Jio wr5"3® mev «n Monday next is that of the Moonee Valley meeting, as entries close at the Victoria Hotel, EWke-sfawt « ^ %Lcblef item is the Moonee SfeM 100 sovs., the distance being a mile, which ought to suit a large number of horses. The Ngarveao Handicap for two year olds is another event that deserves pat ronage. A steeplechase of 40 sovs., Phoenix Handicap of 40 sovs.. and Selling llace of 30 sovs. complete the bill of fare. • appears that Mr. D. S. Wallace does not intend to reserve Calma for the Melbourne Oup, for, since the demonstration made in connexion with the great spring event of the V.K.C., the owner of the colt has backed bim to win a good stake in the Caulfield Cup, an event, which, I think, is more within his com pasB, though it is perhaps an even more d ifficu 11 task to win the big race at Caulfield than fPat which is decided at Flemington, the distance being easier of accomplishment by a greater number of horses. I believe \- .l 03 been doing remarkably well dur uig the week, and among those that have done a good thing at Flemington is Jose Dhwe. who performed a slashing gallop on rm»day morning, when the track was in anything but a favourable state. The arrival t ®r Pell Mell, and many other cracks at head-quarters has sensibly increased the interest, ami the doings on the tracks are now watched very closely by touts, profes sional and amateur. The Shepparton Turt Club has established a,?1fes Produce Stakes, the conditions of which will ^ be found in the advertising columns. Sires must be nominated with the tefore 8 °n S. Davis has nine roomy boxes to let at the Palace Hotel, Flemington. The stables at Flemington arerapidly filling up with horses from the other colonies. Mr. W. A Filgate arrived from Adelaide on Saturday with a two-year- old colt named Laving ton, by Countryman from Nancy, and he is located at the Racecourse Hotel. James Monachan made his appearance on Monday, and was accompanied by the AJ.C. Derby winner Legrand and Sardonyx, both of them looking wonderfully welL They were to be joined at Butler a Pastoral Hotel by the two-year-old filly \enetia, by Malta—Victorine. She is engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate; and Favo. engaged in the Melbourne Cup, also will take up his quarters at the Pastoral Several jockeys have arrived from New South Wales, among them being D. Nichol son, P. Pigott, B. Colley, JTGrade, and Gainsforth. Mr- William Forrester arrived from Sydney on Tuesday, and was down to see his horses exercise on Wednesday morning. In conse - quenceofa slight accident to the engine, Brown and Iiose, Bon Bon, and Gipsy's did not arrive until Wednesday. Tom Brown arrived from Sydney on Tues day evening, and brought with him Garfield. Lord Exeter and StockdaIe,who joined Pell Mell and Co. at the Laurel Hotel. It is reported that Martini-Henry did a grand gallop with Despot at Itandwick during the week, and had the best of the grey at the end of a mile and a half. The son of Sylvia has been doing famously since he recovered From the conl which prevented him from Putfang in an appearance for the AJ.C. Dcmmt, and as the money that has gone on to On Colour seems to be genuine, the great gun Archie may find a couple of worthy foemen on the first Saturday in November.} Herachel.oue of the most fashionably-bred horses in the colony, is announced to Bfand at >\ ulow-vale at a moderate fee. He is by Tim Whiffler from Vision, by Ace of Clubs from Omen, and was a very speedy gentleman indeed. Tasman, I am told, has added a couple more handicaps to his already long list of victories in New Zealand. This horse has proved nuiteamine of wealth to Dan O'Brien, who will be remembered by Victorians as the rider of Fishhook in years gone by. , rTbere,ar?.8ti.,I something over 100 horses left in the Caulfield Cup, which will probably be contested by one of the largest fields that ever went to the post in Australia. I would remind all who have horses engaged un less they are scratched before 4 p.m. on Tues day, they will be liable for the sweepstakes. The reports from the respective training grounds are of a favourable character, ana there is every prospect of a large number of fit horses contesting the principal events of two metropolitan clubs. At Flemington Archie has been the lion of the morning, and various opinions have been offered respecting his appearance, though there seems to be great unanimity as to his style of going. The two year olds from the other colonies ate equal to any that have preceded them, and to overthrow them the Victorians will have to possess something of the very highest class. Among the three year olds Prodigal appears to improve as much as any thing, but Bordeaux seems to tire after he has gone a mile and a half, and therefore his Cup chance is not now regarded with much ni? w' home that has a host of friends is Fell Mell, who has improved quite as wmr-h ss his relative Commotion, and it is quite possible that this horse will some day be able to hold his own even in (he weight-for-age races. Belmont has not created a very favourable impression, because he has not filled out as he might have done, but his stable companion Delusion fa much fancied. Santa Clans goes on the even tenor of hiB way, and fa doing a most serviceable preparation for the Melbourne Cup, while Nicholas and Aide-de-Gamp mchbis his admirers, many good judges inclining to (he tatter notwithstanding tne respective posi tions of the two in the netting market Navi gator has been merely pottering along. Le grand please.* tha watnhem greatly, and so does bis gams how stable companion Sar donyx one of the earnest homes that ever looked through a bridle. The Tasmanian have been expressed about the colt being cherry nps by Derby day. He has yrt three weeks, however, and htdf-a-doten fast gallops may make a wonderful altera tion in him* At Caulfield. nothing will go down but Oolma, who was much fancied last Mason yet failed to realise the expec tations of his friends. During the last day or however, Norfolk, who did a great gal 4?<R,Pa Thursday, has advanced .in favour, foltio, Sting, fit Lawtenoet and Oorio tanua have been doing. well, and that yeryfine two-year-old Illusion continues to delight aH who see him run-five far longs. At Mordialloc I think the best of the lot fa Cfaptrap, whose curby hock has ~ ~ time, and he apparently — . . work since he Tbecam* convalescent .1^.— — toafahfag <he_touta at jwrW . . - r-''V. ?'■;* '■ u' stUhfa ' "■ m mont and The Drummer. The son of Rapidity continues to put on muscle and im prove, and if he can stay, the Derby ought to be a good thing for him. _ " Nemo," of the Sydney HaV, and " Mar tindale," of the Toirn arid Country Journal, have both arrived in Melbourne to represent their respective journals at the V.A.T.C. and V.R.C. meetings. Trampator," of the Ade laide. Observer, has also arrived on behalf of the South Australians. It is quite evident that the Victora Amateur Turf Club meet ing is increasing in interest in the other colonies. Among those who have come over from New South Wales to assist at the V.A.T.C. meeting is the Hon. John Kales, who is as enthusiastic as ever in his pursuit of the sport. . . The teeners! entries tor the A ictor.a Racing Club spring meeting are in every war satis factory, except that lovers of a great horse will observe that there is no chance of Navi gator running, as he has not been nominated. For the Melbourne Slakes there are 19 entries, including Commotion, First Demon, Legrand, Boolka, Fryingpan, The Plunger, ana Sting IntheHothsm Handicap there are 49, Selling Race 34, Coburg Stakes 49, Hurdle Race 21, Kensington Stakes 24, Railway Stakes 29, Darling Stakes 14, Yan Yean Stakes <33, Maiden Plate 23. Flying Stakes 46, Spring Handicap 53, Royal-park Stakes 22, Veteran Stakes 47, Flemington Stakes 46, V.R.C. Ilandicap 56, Steeplechase 22, Canter bury Plate 22, and Free Handicap 70. This is a splendid result Lord Falmouth has added another of the great races of England to his long roll of victories, and again by the aid of one of the descendants of his beloved Queen Bertha. Petrarch, the sire of the winner of the Middle park Plate, is half brother to our own Proto Mflrtyr. Nominators for the Findon Harriers' Vase j are reminded that certificates have to be pro duced and riders' names submitted at least three days prior to the race, which takes place on Saturday next The master of the Findon Harriers informs me that a rider is not hound to ride any special horse, and the name of his proposed mount need not be mentioned. The secretary of the Wellington (X.Z.) Racing Club has forwarded me a programme I of the February meeting. The chief events ! are the Wellington Cup of 40# sovs., and | W.R.C. Handicap of 200 sovs. The Welling ton Cup closes on the 5th November. A good deal of public money has been lost on Superba for tne Maribyrnong Plate. All through the winter this sister to Segenhoe was one of the favourites for the big spring two-year-old event of the V.R.C.; but when put into fast work it was soon apparent that she was not the best of Mr. White's string, and as she failed to improve, the pen bad to be put through her name. The numerous friends of W. Yeomans will I be glad to hear that there is a probability of this resolute horseman again appearing in the saddle this spring ~ It is whispered that he may be on the back of one of Tom Brown's two year olds in the Maribyrnong Plate. Another batch of the South Australian | division arrived in the steamship Victorian on Friday, in charge of G. Read. The lot consisted of Sensation, Agitation, Albatross, Koh-i-noor, Trump Yoss, The Egyptian, Gymkhana, The Joker, and a three-year-old colt by Conrad—Euphrosyne, and they were taken to their Quarters at Rigby*s Newmar ket' Hotel The Hon. W. Pearson's Sale string of horses, in charge of Mr. W. Gray, arrival at Caulfield on Wednesday. They consist of Speculator, Taper, Ironhand, Quality, Chan doeine, and Lady Rowena. Zulu joined T. Lamond's string at Rand wick, but as his leg showed signs of giving way, it was considered advisable not to perse vere with him. First Demon, Bristol, and The Gem arrived from Sydney on Friday, and were taken to Davis's Palace Hotel Mr. John Tait, although not taking an active part in racing matters, will be present at the V.A.T.C. meeting, having arrived from Sydney with Mr. R. Goldsbrough on Thursday. That very artful dodger of the English turf, Robert Peck, has made another bold bid for victory in one of the great handicaps of the old country. Last year he won tne Cam bridgeshire with a mare named Qackness, and this year he seems to have reserved her for the longer event, the Cesarewitch, bat she was beaten by a colt named Don Juan, by John Davis, a member of the great Volti geur family, which claims so many good Stayers. Snaveller and Vcnetia will shortly join Monaghan's string at Flemington. The Victorian Trotting Club Meeting, originally fixed for Wednesday, the 7th of November, has been altered to Monday, the 5th November. The handsome Findon Harriers' Vase, to be run for next Saturday, is now on view at the establishment of Messrs. Drummond and Co. Game arrived from Ballarat yesterday. ScRATcmsoe.—Warwick, (or all V.R.C. spring en gagements. V. A.T.C. Hurdle Race—Ontario, Songster, Dundreary, Schemer, Lady Hampden, Banker, Gambler, Spring, Ringwood. 2nd Hurdle Race— Rhesus. Tooiak Handicap—Squireen, The Israelite, King Sol, Phantom, The Cockney, Irralee, Stationer, Oontewina. Caulfield Cup—Welcome Jack, Favo, Robert the Devil, Vemet, Too Too, Dunstan, Wizard, Middlemarch, Gloucester, Forest King, Eva, Masque rade, Manfred, Prioress, Britisher, Buttercup, Odd Trios, Linda, Pell Meli, Deepot, Colstoun, Joan, Bathunt, Trump Yoss, The Vagabond. All engage fnenti^Cnba. Steeplechase—Banker, Kanaka, Great Foal Stakes—Sportive. Nursery Handloap—Jocular. BcOing Race — Forlorn. Challenge Cup —Bayard, Clansman. Findon Barriers' Vase—Bayard. V.R.C. MelbourneCnp—Middlemarch, Forest King, Welcome Jack, Gloucester, Zulu, Eva, Masquerade, Cuba, MB narinVa, Pell MelL Ironhand, Britisher. Derby— lilrtdlemarrh. Tripod, Northern Light, Warbler, Oon-j teese. Maribyrnong Plate—Superba. Oaks—Con tease. 