STORY OF THE SOUTHERN SEAS.* [By David Berk In Sarpei's Young Peoplel " Land oh the weather bow!" shouted the lookout at. the foremast-head of theVrouw Katerina, "That must.he St. Helena at last," chuckled the captain to himself. "Good? Now we'll land two passengers at once !" When Captain Matthias E vertsen cliuckled In that way it always meant mischief to somebody; and you would have said, looking at his short thickest figure, and hard, coarse, low-browed face, that he coOld be a very ugly customer if he liked. Like all the Hutch captains of that time he was a first-rate seaman, and as brave as a lien; but, like far too many of them, he could he terribly cruel to any ■ one who offendedhim, which was only too easily done. Two hundred years ago, when a voyage to the East Indies and back often took twenty months or more, the captain of a merchant man in the eastern seas could do pretty much what he liked. To drag a man under the keel of a ship, or keep him in Irons for three days or so without food, was the commonest thing possible. It was a common saying in those days that there was no law beyond the liBe, and when a captain murdered two or three of his crew, or when a crew mutinied and murdered their captain, no one at home troubled himself much about it. When Evertsen spoke of landing two passengers, any one who had heard him would have wondered what ha meant. Tiie only passenger aboard,_ an old Dutch mer chant from Java, had. just died, and it was natural enough to wish to bury him on land; but who could the other passenger be? We shall see presently. Larger and larger, darker and darker, loomed out against the bright evening sky tho huge black cliffs of the lonely islet, one day to be world-famous as the last prison of Napoleon. But at that time it was still un inhabited, and a drearier or a more desolate spot could scarcely have been found upon the face of the earth. At length, just as the sea was all ablazs with the glory of the sunset, the ship anchored close inshore, and Captain Evertsen, order ing his boat to he got ready, went below, and putting his bead into a daik, narrow hutch between- decks, called out, with ono of his ugly chuckles—; "Now, VanDoorp, my boy, rouse up, and get ready to go ashore." A big, sullen-looking man, whose swollen and blood-stained forehead showed that he must have "offended" the captain in some way, rose sulkily at the call. Meanwhile the boat had been lowered, and the Hutch merchant's coffin pat into it, Van Boorp.was then ordered in likewise, and the boat pulled for the shore, " Now, my lads," cried tho captain, " quick,: and put Mr. Van Doorp and his friend ashore. He'll have a whole island to himself, and the other gentleman will be nice quiet company." Evefi the rough seamen stood agha3t at this refinement of cruelty, which doomed a living man'to perish by inches, with a corpse for his only companion. The unfortunate sailor knew his commander too well to plead for mercy; but as the boat began to recede from the shore, he sprang upon a rock, and shouted— " You won't get rid of me so easily, captain. Mark my - words; I'll come back and haunt you for this." Evertsen answered only with a scornful i laugh. A few momehts later he was on his own deck once -more, and the fatal island was soon lost in the fast- falling shadows of night, while the Vrouw Katerina sped on her course. But although the captain laughed at poor Vrn Doorp's threat, it troubled him never theless. Like, most-cruel and ignorant men, he was very superstitious, .; and believed in ghosts, witches, • spectre: ships, mermaids, lucky and unlucky days, and other such absurdities, i as .firmly. :asi hfi did in the ship's compass. It was long before he could get to sleep that night, and when. he_ did it was only to dream that he was. being chased through the water by a shark with a coffin-shaped body and a head like Van Doorp's. Then the dream' changed, and it seemed as if the ship itself had turned.into a coffin, on the other end of which Van Doorp was standing with a loaded pistol, bidding him jump overboard or be shot. About daybreak he awoke to find the vessel becalmed, the cliffs of St. Helena still visible, and bis crew shaking their heads and muttering— "It's a bad lookout to be becalmed here— eb, Hans ?" " True, Peter, we're in a bad way how." "You're right, mates; no luck can come to the old craft, with a dead man's curse follow ing her." This sudden calm, following so close upon bis own evil deed, seemed to the troubled captain a direct judgment from Heaven. All day be wandered about the deck, restless and miserable, watching for some sign of a breeze, but not a ripple was to be seen on the smooth surface. As night feD, a pale phosphoric light began to spread over the sea, till far as the eye could reach it was all like one sheet of fire. Every spar of the ship stood out clearly, and the faces of the crew looked quite ghostly in the unearthly glare. The captain, too ill at ease to go to bed, was moodily pacing the deck, when a cry of horror from his men made him turn around, and he beheld a strange and terrible sight. Bight in the centre of this spectral light the strangest kind of a small craft was float ing toward the vessel. It was rowed with two broken pieces of wood by a figure which, aB it came nearer, was recognised by every one as that of Van Doorp. The crew screamed and ran back like children, while the crael captain fell on his knee?. His strange dream came back to him. Nearer and nearer came the ghostly voyager, till he was heard to shout— "Ship ahoy! Heave us a rope, will you?" Now among the crew .was a reckless Zealander, a special crony of Van Doorp, to whom this voice sounded so lifelike that he began to hope his old chum might not be dead after all. Ho threw out a rope, and the next moment the coffin passenger had scrambled up and leaped down on deck. The thump of his feet upon the planking was so heavy , and unghostly that even the terrified captain felt at once that no spirit could ever have made a sound like that. He started up, and seizing hold of Van Doorp with both hands (as if to make sure that he was really there), gasped out— "Tell me this moment—are you alive or dead?" . "Alive, to be sure," answered the sailor, laughing. "No thanks to you, though. When I found the old craft still in sight this morning I thought I - might as well. give myself one more chance; so I turned Mynheer Kloots out of his coffin, made paddle3 out of the two halves of the lid, atid here I am." "Here's a dollar for you, my lad," said the captain, drawing a long breath, "Go for ward and fake your old berth again, and after this I'll never, punish any man without good reason, and then only in a proper way." And Captain Evertsen kept his word. 