The Storyteller. THE HEIR OF THE CRO , WESTS. Lohd Crowkst left a widow ami three oliil'lrcn — two 'sons and a daughter. The oldest, tho young Earl, was only pix. years of nt-e. When her husband died, ljidy Crowest ceased to reside at Crowest Court, the family seat in Warwickshire. Sho had a prejudice against the place, thouqh it wns the pride of the neiehbrirhond, and she there fore readily consented to the miEuestion .if iii'n ||l liniCOn iMlltV in niiwit'1 wu tsiv nil n Itfril) of years. A tennnt wai forthcoming in the shnpp of n wealthv Australian merchunfc iiamprl Pnlmer. This CRiitleman became highly pnpnlsr in the district. He was a kind and cpnemns lm«t, a thoughtful' neiijli. b'or, nnd n good frinnd to the poor. Hn had .1 pleasant wifn nnd r.wn prrt-ty flanuhtois, and liis wealth naturally obtained for him .?vimiiRinn into the charmad circle of tho best count? society. Crowest afforded capital shooting, and the Palmers always had the house full' of rather nddly-aaaortnd -guests during thn autumn. Ton-arris the en-! of last vear, n vnunir subaltern named Charlie Bathurst was invited for a few days. His regiment was stationed at a neighboring town, nnd Mr Palmer,, happening to hfiar thit the young man was a connection of thn Crowest ? f.itnily— a distant cousin nf the late Karl — good-mtiiredly .i«Und him to cntno find make acquaintance with the nnnestrnl estate, -anri- more pniieu larly with the excellent preserves. Charlie Hnthnrpt wns a handsornp, blue-eyed Ind of 20, who hai a happy knack of ingratiating liimtnlf with every one He was very Imviah, and his honest simplicity and high soirits soon won all hearts. His visit to Onwe&t; was a decided success, and it was prolonged considerably beyond its intended limits. On the evening before the dny on which lie was — after many false starts— to rejoin his regiment, the male guests were seated round the smoking-room fire bef--re retiring to' rest, whun, as frequently happens towards the witching hour of midnight, the conversa tion turned upon the subject of supernatural apparitions. Several sioriea were told of a blood-curdling tendency, and, at length, somn one asked if Orowest Court did not P08SPRR a l.annted room. ' Not that 1 know of, ' answered Mr Palmer. ' There was no ahost included in the lease ; at least I didn't stipulate for one' ' I never hoard of there being a ghost,' interposed a neighbor who had been prevailed upon to stay the_ night; 'but I have a recollection of hearing some story about one of the rooms.' 'To lie sure,' eagerly added another local magnate. 'There is a legend that nnny yeara . ago— at. thn beginning of tho last acnturv — the eldest son of the then Lord Crowest mHrriernd a guest in his slenp. Kver mitted has been kept close, for it ir siid that any heir of the Crowests who sleeps there will never livo till the morning.' 1 Nonsense ! Absurd ! An old woman's story,' said Dr Boulton, a Cambridge Pro fesinr, who had very cut and dried opinions on moBt subjects. ' Very likely ; I am only repealing what T hive heard,' said the narrator, rather curtly. ' Has any hoir of the Crowests evnr died in the room !' inquired Charlie Rathurst, who had listened open mouthed. ' Ah ! it wonld be interesting to know that.' said the Professor, who seemed per sonally nL'crievvd by the story. ' The old housekeeper might know. Shu has lived with the CroweRts all her life. If shfl hasn't gone to bed we will ask her to step in,' said VIr Palmer, ringing the be'l. A few minutes later the old ladv was courtsnying in the doorway, rather abashed by tho company, and coughing at the tobacco smoke. The Professor immediately assaih-d her with questions — ' tackled her.' to use proving that the story was a complete myth. But the housekeeper stood upon her dignity ; and or she evidently rpgnrded tlin haunted chamber hb a. sort of family dis tinction, she did her best to maintain its character, She was forood to admit, however, that no one had over died there within her recollection ; that she had never seen n ghost, nor been witness to any supernatural event in connection with tho room ; and, finally, she was brniurht to confess that tho room was unaccountably dump, which wns tho chief reason of its not having boon utilised. ' There is no mystery whatever, you see,' said the Professor, addressing the company whon tho housekeeper had left tha room. ?This is nn instance of how ghosts aro created. A room ,is shut up for sanitary reasons. It remains shut for a year or two, and then somn idler begins to wag his tong-ue, and gives wind to a cock-and bull Btory which soon develops into a legend. I hopo this shall be the last we hear of there being a haunted ronm nt Crowest You ought to make ono of the sovvnntB sleep there, Palmer, and so put nn end to this nonsense.' 1 1 should never get a servant to sloop in tho room,' said Mr Palmer, ' unless, at all ovpntn, some ono would sleep there first, so as to break the spell. _ I really don't think it is worth while making- a fuss about.' ' Perhaps tho Professor would like to try tho experiment,' suggested oho of tho company, significantly, ' I would without hesitation,' snid the Pro fessor, with evident sincerity ;? ? only I confess that at my age, even in the cause of civilian tionand tho enlightenment of my follow creatures, I shrink from sleoplng in n damp room. Rheumatism makes a man a coward in Buch cases.' ' I will sleep there. By Jove ! I should llko to,' cried young Bathurst, eagerly. ' I'd givo anything to seo a ghost. I've never had a real ad venture in my life, and this will bo something to talk about at moss, at all events.' ' ' Pooh ! Nonsonse, my boy,* said Mr Palmer, laughing, like the rest, at tho young fellow's cagerners. ??What is tho good? Besides, you are troing away to-morrow.' 1 Well, I can sleep there to-night. Do lot me,; Mr Palmer! Please do I' urged tho lad.jwho seemed delighted at the proapeot. 1 But remember the damp. You will catch your death of cold.1 objeoted his host. 'loan have a fire, I suppose? Beside*, what is a'obldT snid the boy with sovereign contempt. 1 Well, you can do as you like, of course, and I will have the room prepared at onco,1 said Mr .Palmer, reluctantly, for his hospit able ooul was vexed at the idea of a guest passing an uncomfortable night, even at his own request 'There can ho no real risk. Yon are not evon the heir of the Crowests,' ' So suuh luck,' said tho boy : ' I wish I wore.' ' Uesid-s, tho story is a vulgar snperstU lion,' addtd tho Professor, convincingly. The ordnr to prepare the room wns given, and oansed Rome little excitement among tho 3orvants. But inasmuch as the apirtmont had been occasionally entered in the day time, and its evil reputation wbb only vaguely known, there was no difficulty in getting the necessary preparations mndo. When it was roady, the occupants of the Rmoking room trooped in ,a hody along the corridor to inspect it. Young Bntburst led the van, evidently proud of his undertaking, aud could not forbear expressing disappointment at the homely aspect of the room. It was of fair size, nnd had apparently henn re papered at no very distant date, though the walls were a good deal discolored with damp. An antiquated four-poster, devoid of hang ings, stood in a corner, but most of the roRt of tht furniture bad evidently been gathered promiscuonfly from other bedrooms. A huge fire blazed up the chimney, and, con sidering the short time nt their' disposal, the servants hid done wonders in making the room eheory aud comfortable. 'Pon my word, it's a cavitnl room,1 Raid the Professor, standing in tlm middle of it and looking around approvingly. ' That, fire has driven away the damp nir id ready.' 'I lutpo so,' said Mr Palmer, who wns fussing about superintending all arrange ments. 'But I shouldn't, sleep her*, my boy, if I were you. A room that hnsn't been slept in for years can't be healthy.' 'Well, here I am, nnd here I'm going to stny,' returned the lad, taking up his stand in front of the tire with an amusing sir of proprietorship.. 'I'll bet you a sovereign, Mr Palmer, I shall sleep ns'well ir you do ' 1 The host laughed cnnd-hiimnrodiv, and having exchanged ' Rood niuht' with every one, young Bathurst at length found himself in possession of the apartment. He cirpfiilly locked the door, nnd then ninde a Rhnrt tonV of inspection. He began to fnel a littlo bit nervous now that he was left alone, for, to tell the truth, the g'lost stories he. hud h'ard had rather upsot his nerves. His purpose pf slnepingin thn room was .1 pi'ce of boyish bravado, arising partly from a love of adven ture and partly from a desire to distinguish himself.. He waR raMier relinved.-.tbererore, ?now th.at it bad oome to the point, .to find nothing in the aspect of the room 'calculated to inspire alarm. .He tocik n precaution, however, upon turning into bed, to place under bis pillow, a neat littl« revolver, which, as a newly-fledged officer, he cirrifd about with him as part of his, personal lng gnge._: Being thoroughly tired put. with tho exertions of the day, he snon became drowsy, and, in a remarkable short space of time, was sound asleep. Breakfast at Crowest, under the Palmers' re'/ime, wns a pleasant, da.-r'dlinq meal, which lasted till mid-day. The next morn ing nearly everyone had assembled ronnd the table at ten o'clock, hot Charlie TSnthurst was one of the. absentees. The younger Miss Pnlmer pouted at this, for she cherished a sentimental attachment for the. lad. nnd felt slighted nt bis being late nn his last morning. But no one else thought anything of the eircumstanoe— or, indeed noted it, for ho was not famous for being an early riser. In the middle of breakfast the post-bag was brought in, nnd a lull occurred in the con versntion, broken only by desultory comments uttered by tho different members of the pnrty in reference to their coTesoondence. All of a sudden the hostess looked up from a letter she wns reading, and littered an exclamation which attracted general atten tiii.i. ' What is it, my dear ?' inquired her husband. 'This is dreadful! I have a letter from Lady Blanche Mnrehmond — yon know who T moan, John : the Earl of Tiindnn's daughter, who iva» so civil to the girls last season containing tho most startling' news. This is what sho says,' and she proceeded to read as follows :— ' You know, dear Mrs Palmer, that T am not a purveyor of scandal ; bnt I cannot help telling you the latest, because it will interest yon very much, as yon an; living nt Crowest, and I am afraid there is no doubt it is per fectly true. You know we all thought Lady Crowest very strange, and considered it oilil o'f her to have preferred to live abroad so minrh, as she was left so well off. There was always a mystery about her antecedents, but us siio was nn American, nobody took any trouble to make enquiries. Tfc now transpires that she had been married before, and what is worse, her husband has turned up. He went to the Crowest family solicitors, anil wished to ho hrnvily bribed, but this was, of course, refused, and the affair is known all over London. Xn one believes Lady Crowpst wilfully committed bigamy : but I fear sho discovered that her hushand was alive soon after she married a second time, nnd concealed the fact from the Karl. People say tho man is a great scoundrel, and Laily Crowest is rather pitied ; but the most dreadful part is the position of the EurPs poor children.' Hero. Mrs Pnlmer came, to nn abrupt stop, and hurriedly folded up the letter, apparently recollecting1 all of a sudden that there were young 'people present nt the table, For the same reason, no discussipn ensued, hut the men exchanged glances. There had been vague rumors concerning Lady Crowest for a long time, nnd the news was more startling tlnn surprising. 1 Who gets the title now. then ?' inquired the Profeasor. in a matter of fact tonp. as he turned to another part of the pnper ho was reading. 1 Hum 1 Ha 1 Very sad,' murmured Mr. Palmer, rather shocked at the Professor's bluntness. ' I suppose it TOill gn to thn late Earl's hrother — poor Jim,' replied a local Squire, pleased to bo able to snpply the information ' Poor chap ? He won't live to enjoy it long. Ho is paralysed, and has softening of the brain. His Hfo isn't worth a year's pur chase.' ' Any family ?' inquired the Professor, who alwnvs liked to thoroughly sift a subject. ' No ; not oven married, nor likely to bo, considering ho is in a private asylum ;' re turned the Squire. ' Who, then, is the next heir V inquired Mr Pnlmor, with suddon interest. 1 Why — let me see ? I don't know much about the ramifications nf the family, but it must be — why, of. course 1 It is the young gentleman who is now staying in the house here — Mr Bathurst,' said tho Squire, looking up wjth the nir of a man who has made a plenfling discovery. ' My goodness me I Do you hear that, Profossorl' said Mr Palmer, looking rather uneasy. ? Ho is the heir of tho Orowosts, and he slept in that room last night. Me doesn't seem to have oome down yet. Here, Jakes,' he added, turning to the hntler, ' go at once to Mr Bathust's room — the blue room in tho north wing — aud ask when he is coming down,1 ' It is rather a singular coincidence, now you mention it,' returned tho Professor, evidently struck. 'But, of. course, the legenod is nil nousenco. He will toll us presently that he never slept bettor in his life,' ho added, iu a reassuring tone. But almost before ho hnd finished speaking, the butler returned, looking rathor scared, He had inet ono of the footmen, who wns just coming to say that Mr Bathurst's room- was locked on the inside, and he could not make him hear, ' 'Come, some of you!1 cried Mr.Palwor, starting up, his ruddy fnco turning suddenly pale. ' I hopo to God no ill has befallen him.' \- Followed toy Beveral of his guosts, Mr Palmer hurried to the corridor in which tho young man's room was situate, and made a vigorous onBlaught upon the panels of the door' with his knuckles, at the same timo calling the lad by naino. No answer being returned, a hurried consnlation was held, nnd it wns decided to burst open the door j but, ere this could be done, . the housekeeper ap peared with a duplicate- key. With some difficulty, tho key on tho inside wns dislodged, nnd the door opened from without. . Tho host wus the first to enter tho room, and, as he did so, ho uttered an exclamation of relief. The young' man was apparently sleeping calmly, his fair head half buried in tho pillow. But a closer inspection excited .1 dreadful suspicion, and it then transpired that tho poor Ind wns cold and dead. On turning down the bed clothes, the cause of his death was at' once revealed. By his side lay his little revolver, which hud evidently been discharged, fov tho white sheets of the bed boro a crimson stain. Of course, this pnioful tragedy was the result of a puro accident, which might have happened to any one. imprudent enough tn slnup with n loule.l rovolver under his pillow. Tho Professor, whoso nerves were Ptronjer than those of the rtst of tbo pirty, prococdel to prove, this to a demonstration thnn and th-jre A tiny fragment of tbo shiiot was turn and adhered to tho trigger of the ruvolvor. Kvidently tha wonpon had flipped down from under ths pillow, and a fold of thn sheet had caught in the trigger. A sudden movement of tho Rleeper hnd caused a strain on this particular fold, which brought nhot-t the explosion of the weapon, with fatal results. The prvor hoy's night shirt wns scorched and blackennd where tho stain of blood appeared, ah.iwinc that tho mnsH!i« of th* revolve must li.ave hoen almost touching his body when tho fatality occurred. ' Tho Professor's theory was plausible f'nounb, and. ,'„ fnet, tliero Reemed littlo ilouht that tin- carl event had come about in the manner snKuoike.l ; yet there was not a person present who did not immediately tecall to mind She .sinister hoi that the poor ynniuj man had met his death in the room winch was said to be futul to the heirs of tho Onuvrst-, * ' There will be an inquest, of course,' con cluded the Professor, ?and then the cause of death will h-- so elenri.y proved, that to con rect it with that ahsur 1 superstition will bo nut. of the question.' — Irutk. 