Grand National Steeplechase Meeting. Bx CAS ri AN. THE BUCCOSS of tho introduction of a whiter steeple nnrl hurdle race meeting bj tho V.h.C. authorities baa been ono of the happiest eiforts made bj the executive of thc premier club of the antipodes, notwithstanding an anti- pathy exists with regard to tho illegitimate business, i Unfortunately, tho mooting last Saturday was marred by tho gloom cast over it through tho death of the well-known and respected jockey, Archie M'Innos. This was caused by Chrysalis miling heavily on him at tho stone wall near the abattoirs, and tho samo brought Australian Court to griof, but for which ho must h .ive won. Tho day was ono of those delightful I glimpses of spring rarely mot with ut such a period of J tho year. Tho lawn and stnnd presented a moro (hun uiii ' mated appearance, probably owing to the favourable tcu I di-hcy of tho " pin vinni god." Thoro wore not those guy, j light, and airy costumes -worn by tho ladies noti eablo at the Snring Mooting, but tho I11103 were more sombre, and decidedly in unison with tho Reason. Mr. Myron Moore ! and his laithful assistant, Mr. Miles, munt have been very j delighted with tho success of their endeavours to »uko ¡ tho reunion what it turned out-a success beyond that of any previous gathering, tho attendanco being about 12,000. A variety of improvements have bcou inado to tho environs of the couran, most notably tho approach to ihe saddliiig-paddock, whero a substantial emmi fence w.t:i light iron po-'tsbavc buen substituted for old wooden bat- tens. The pines, too, aro lending a shade that will be very acceptable in the sumuior. For tho Maiden Hurdle Knee thoro was a held of six starters. The r.ico for t ho first part of the journey was very slow. Ontario was tho great pot ' at even money and 6 to 4 on him, but anyone who saw this 1 son of Panic iu tho straight, sweating and trotting, would i never hnvo backed him, m fact tho horse was not j woll, aud Tho Jt>kor won for Mr. Sum Cook-a coni j parutively easy won race- with Hello Brandon a I fair second. Tattler, had she not run so widely and ! unkindly, must hnvo troublod tho winner. In tho Maiden Steeplechase a 'similar complement started, nnd tho paco being so shockingly slow a numbor of horses baulked ; many of them were used to hoing ridden fastly over teneos, consequently they refused, and Hopo, particii . larly, winch was third, slioul I have won; still 1 must not detract from Shamrock ana ¡-peculator, tho only two i which stood up. The long reign of the formidalo ballarat ' stable was fairly brought to au end m tho Grand National Hurdle líaco, but although overrating ¿hoir horse Pros ! peet, I fully expect to witness him show better form ! next spring. Dizzy, tho winner, is an animal who ] ' has always heaton the favouritoou the flat;, nnd considering ! all things equal, why should lie not beat him over hurdles, ; especially when he was receiving 12IbP Kh<;sus, with list . 01b, ran a vory praud aud constant horse, und I never re ; member seeing Foulsham have him in better buckle. Un I fortunately for tho owner of Matador, thoro was something : wrong iu his entrr money, otherwise it. was thought ii cer- tainty for him; but 1 much question whether he could have ultcrod matters. Tho Grand National Steeplechase i will Jong bu remembered through the death of the jockey I M'lniie.y, caused by Chrysalis iulliug on him. Quito1 a chapter of accidents resulted in the race, owing, j principally to tho paoe made by Australian Court, lt op i pear's that near tho railway bridge Chrysalis went to the front, and came down at tho stone wall, where she fell heavily on her rider, nnd crushed in his chest. This fall also brought Australian Court down. Tho unfortunate rider of tho mai o was quickly brought into tho casualty room, whore ho was attended by several medical gentle- men, but ho died shortly after admission. Dr. L. L. Smith wont round with his " hat," and vory soon gained a hand- some amount to bo couiributed to his mother, of whom ho was the solo support. Blackthorn, tho .winner of tho ruco, has boen a very fair performer, but coming down so frequently over an easier country was not much fancied ; but Sailor, who ran second, waa greatly backed in tho double with Dizzy. Bnnlight, with the odds of /> to 2 on him, won tho Bulling Hurdle Kace as ho lilied, but owing to hoing a quarter of a pound short weight was disqualified, and the ract) awarded to Wild Harry, wlu, on being submitted to public auction, was bought iu by Mr. H. Wilson for 50 gainons. A field of : 23 faced tho starter for tho Flat líaco, aud although 5 to ¡2 was taken about Transferred he was never onco dangerous, j and Mr. Bailey's Virago, by Blunderer from Mina Saxon, j won with comparativo ease from Bonnie Boo and Tho ! Ghost. The latter ran a great raco, but, had not Westbury, I held Bonnie Bos against the rails, thus causing' i her to pull back and come round her horses, she must have won. Bofore concluding my remarks anout the V.K.C. Steeplechase Meeting, I must thank my brother pressmen of Melbourne for their many little kindnesses, especially those of the "Australasian" stall. Below will be found a detailed nccount of the racing : Maiden Hurdle Bnce, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, ¿31 lOa ft, with 150 added. For nil horses which havo never won an advertised hurdle race or steeplechase. Horses that have nover started m a hurdle race allowed 71b. The second horse to receive 25 sovs and tho third 10 sovs out of the stake ; 3 yrs old to carry 9st 7ib ; 4 yrs, lOst 61b 5 6 yrs, 6 yrs, and aged, lOst 121b. About 2 miles. Mr. S. G. Cook's b g The Joker, hy Bismarck, 4 yrs (Batty) . .... 1 H. Levin's h m Belle Brandon, hy Brandon-Lady .Florence, 5 yrs (Cree) ... ... ... .... 2 Messrs. ltobertson and Wagner's br h Ontario, hy Panic-Siren, 4 yrs (Corrigan)...' ... ... :S Mr. H. PhiUips's h m Lottie, by Panic, ared (M'Innea) Hon. W. Pearson's, ch m Tattler, hy King of Clubs, 4 yrs (Cujut) Mr. J. Bimson's bl c Sinking Fund, Tjy Tim Whiffler, 3 yrs (King). Betting : 5 to 4 on Ontario, 3 to 1 against The Joker, 5 to 1 Belle Brandan, fl to 1 others. There was very little delay in despatching the half dozen.! Lottie and Sinking Fund were the first to show in front, with the others close np. Tho pace was slow j during the first part of tho journey, Lottie, Sinking Fund, .and Ontario being in the front , rank. Tattler, running .very wide, brought tip the rear as they passed, the stand tho first time. Along the river sida Tattler joined his field. Beaching the river bridge The Joker took the second place and Tattler led. while the favourite came book to the hast position. At the abattoirs Tattler was leading Tho Joker hy a length, half a .length separating Bello Brandon from them. The favourite and Lottie wert *i pether, and Sinking fond wfcs lotti. Nearing the shads the field were in a cluster, bat on approaching the turn The Joker drew ont from his horses and ran home an easy winner by a length and a holt from Belle Brandon, who was fonr lengths ahead of Ontario, and 4} lengths in front of Tattler. Then came Sinking Fund and Lottie. Time, 4mxn35sec. Maiden Steeplechase, a sweepstake^ of 5 soys each, £1 10s ft, with 150 added. For 4 yrs oldmnd upwards which have never won a steeplechase. Horses which have never started in a steeplechase allowed 141b. Second horse to receive 25 sovs. and third 10 sovs ont of «take ; 4 yrs old, JOstôlb; 5 yrs. llscSlbj 6 yrs and aged, llsfcl2ib. About 2J miles, over snob, course and jumps as stewards direot. Mr. C. Fleming's b g Shamrock, aged (Oreo) ... ... 1 Hon. W. Pearson's br g Speculator, Dj Lamplighter, 6 yrs (Ashton) ... ... . ... 2 Mr. G. Glasscock's b g Hope, by Lambro--Mabel, 0 yrs (Kildutf) . ... 8 Mr. S. Manon's g g Hailstorm, by Snowstorm, 5 yrs (JeUet) H. Conoily- ns br g Hart Boyal, by John Bull, aged (M'Leod) B, Howie's g h Glenara, by Greyskin, aged (M'Gowan). Betting : 2 to 1 against Hope, 3 to 1 Glenara, 4 to 1 .Spe- culator, 6 to 1 Shamrock. Glenara was the quickest on his feet when the flag fell, bat he ran off at the first fence. Speculator and Shamrock were the first over. At the second fence, opposite tho abat- toirs, Uart Boyal came down, and Hailstorm, Hope, and Glenara refused. Glenara never got round. Shamrock and Speculator continued to lead, pursued by Hope and ¡ Hailstorm a fow lengths behind. The same order was 1 maintained to the grand stand, where Shamrock and Specu- lator were together. Thej raced in tho Bama order along "the river side, when Hope and Hailstorm began to move up. The latter fell at the jump near the railway bridge, and left Shamrock and Speculator in command, 20 lengths off Hope. Tho last-named horse fell near the abattoirs; and, although ho was quickly remounted, he could never got upon terms with his leaders. Shamrock eventually won by two lengths from .Speculator, who was 10 lengths from Hope, who came very fast. The othcrg wore out of it. Time, Omiu lo'sec. Grand National Hurdle lîaee, a hnndioap sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, 3 ft, with 300 added. Second horse to receive 50 sovs. third 25 sovs out of stakes. About S miles. Mr. O. Foster's b g Uiazy, by Hugheudeu-HiuuoUiun gio. 4yrs, Ost (battye) ... ... ... ... 1 D. S. Wallace's b g líhesus, aged, Hst 91b (King) ... 2 S. G. Cook's b g Basilisk, aged, lOst 21b (Cree) ... S lt. Howie's b h Lothair, 5yrs, 12st 9lb (Scobie) E. Weekes'sb m Triplet, aged, lOst 121b (lintier) P. Fallon ns br b Prospect, »ged, lOst 21b (Corrigan) ll. Sovior's br li Barwon (late Barwon X'ark), 5 yrs, lUst 21b (Juliet) I. Foulsham's ch g Sparke, 1 yrs. 9st 131b (Kildnff) Betting : 7 toi against Prospect, 5 to 1 Dizzy, 6 to 1 Lothair. 10 to 1 each Rhesus, Barwon, and Basilisk. The Hold wore despatched to a good sturt, and Prospect, Basilisk, and Lothair wore tho first to got away, tho reniaiuder of (ho field being in a cluster. All negotiated thc first hurdle, saloly. Near tho river Lothair fell back last. Along the river stretch Bros peet and Basilisk were still together, a length ahead of ¡- parke, Dizzy, and lihesus, and followed by Barwon. On reaching the river bridge ! Kpiiike, who had boon pulliug double, went to the front, and j led round to tho river stretch, where tho favourite and ! Basilisk headed him. Barwon and bizzy came next, Lothair I and lihesus bein.' their immediate attendants. Passing tho ! abattoirs tho favourito begun to tire, and Basilisk took up J the running. Rearing tho homo turn i.'hesus canto out, und headed him. At tho distance Dizzy was called upon, und wini from. Khet-us by about throe lengths, tho same distance separa', ing tho second hor.;o from Basilisk. Then followed Lothain, Triplot, fápnrke, tue favourite, Barwon, last. Time, öuiin 48$ soc. Grand .National .Stoi-plooha.se, a handicap sweepstakes of I 15 sovs each, .!. it, with 4M) added. .Second horse to receive 50 SOVM, third 25 sovs out of stake. About 3 miles, over such cour.-o and jumps us st ewards direct. j Mr. T. W. Phillips'« br g Blackthorn, by Alarm, 0 yrs, löst 121b (Kildutf) ... . ... 1 G. liusseU's ch g Mailor, by ¡Muncglcr, aged, lOst 101b i (M'Gowau) ... ... ... ... ... 2 J. G. Hoid ns bl tr Black Jackot, by Az/.a Babba, 5 I yrs, 10f t 31b (King) ... ... ... ... 8 W. Pearson's br g Trumpeter, aged, 12st (Halstead) AV. Bniley'H ch g Vaulter, (> yrs, list 51b (Scobie) J. M'Kenzie's b g Harper-Thompson (late Hubbub), by Confusion, 4 yrs (Cree) H. Chifney's br m Chrysalis, aged, lOst 101b (Al'Junes) ' -S. Martin's b g Obadiah, by Snowdon, aged, lOst 71b (Battye) M. Moran's b m Lizette (late Jonny Mooro), hy Hieroglyph-Marv Juno, 5 yrs, lOst (Siinpton) E. Weekes's b g Australian Court (late «tag), by Australian Buck-Gipsy, Ost 01b (Corrigan) G. Grippe's b or br g Mariner, by Troubadqur--Dairy- maid, aged, Dst 711) (Dean). Betting! 5 to 2 against »Sailor, 5 to 1 each Lizette and Australian Court, 0 to 1 each Obadiuh and Chrysalis, 10 to 1 Blackthorn. The flag .was lowered to a good start; Obadiah, Aastra- ! lian Court, and Lizette going to the front. Opposite to tho ¡ stand Lizette took un the running, and led Australian ! Court by half a length. She maintained this position along to the river side ; but at the jump opposite to the railway bridge her rider oamo to grief. Australian Court then took U p-the running, attended by Sailor, Blackthorn, Harper -i, Thompson, and Obadiah. Tho last named shortly afterwards pulled off very lame, and at the next obstacle . Sailor and Mariner baulked, and nearly brought down Chrysalis. Australian Court 'kept the lead pnsfc the sheds, and Vaulter, whilo racing him to tbe.turn was brought to grief, but afterwards remounted, 'leaving Sailor, Trumpeter, Blackthorn, Black Jaoket, and Chrysalis .to follow ata length's interval. On reaching tho railway bridge tho second time round Hlack thorn took tho running from Australian Court, who had Trumpeter and .Chrysalis for his immediate followers. Afc the Sheds Blaok Jacket ran up to third place, and Chrysalis .eoming down, brought Australian Court to grief. .'Passing .the training ground Black Jacket went to the iront, attended by Trumpeter, a length behind, Blackthorn and bailor coming fast. ..At tho distance Blackthorn and Sailor challenged Black Jacket and defeated'him, throo lengths separating the flrBt and second horses,-and four lengths Black Jacket, who was a length in front-of Trumpeter, followod by Vaulter and Harper-ThompBon. The others came to grief. M'Innes,' tho rider of Chrysalis, was much.hurt by his fall, and died' shortly after the conclusion of the race, 'limo, 7min 17*800. Selling Hurdle Eace, a 8weppstakcB*of 3 sovs each, 1 ft, with IOU added. Weights as in Maiden Hurdle Knee. Winner to be sold for £50. 71b allowed for every.£10 re-\ duotion in/Selling price down to £10. 2 wiles. Mr. J. Layton's ch g Wild Harry, aged, £10, by Manuka \ -Deception (Carey) ... ... ... .... lj E. Hatty's b g Stormbird, aged, £10 (Battye) ... li J. M'Grade's bl g Black Prince, aged, £10 (Kilby) , '. G. Pyor's b g Sunlight, aged T. Harrington's b g Springfield (late Stranger), aged, - £.0, by Springfield (Watty). Betting: 5 to 2 against Sonliirht, 3 to loach Black Prince, and Wild_ Harry, 5 to 1 Stormbird. The qirinletto wore Rout away to a good start, the run- ning being carrir-d on alternately by Black Prince, with ¡Stormbird and Wild Harry next, then Sunlight and Spring- field. Beaching tho sheds the lutter began to tire, and Sunlight went up, the lot going in close ordor. Before reaching tho hume tnrn .^unliçht got up with his horses, and led over tho last hurdle, winning a well-contested race by a length from Wild Harry, a length Stormbird, then Black Prince and Springfield beaton oil. Time, 3min88seo. The winner was found short weight, and disqualified. On being submitted for sale, ho was bonght in at 150 guineas by Mr. W. Wilson. Handicap Plat Race, a handicap of 5 BOTS each. £110s ft., with.150 added. For 3-year-olds and upwards. Lowest weight to be not less than 7st.. lmile. ,Mr. W. Bailey's oh f Virago, 3 yrs, by Slanderer-Miss Saxon, 7st Bib (M'Gowan) ' ... ... ... 1 A. M'Uonald's br» g Bonnie Bee, 6 yrs, 8st 41b (HaU) ... 1. ... ... !.. ... 2 T, Jones's ch or rh Tho Ghost, 5yrs. 9st 121b (Battye) ... ... ... ... ... 3 H. WeokB's b o Transferred, 3 yrs, Dst 9lb (OBrien) I J. Morrison's ch c Allandor, 8 yrs, 9st 51b (Lindley) W. Pearson's bl f ConteBsina.S yrs, 8atl3lb (Power) 8\. G. <. ook*s b o Anglesey, 8 yrs, (tot 181b (Johnson) S. Miller's b m Coreena, 4> yrs, Sst 9lb (Garey) M. . Griffin's bl Ja Westbury, 6 yrs, 8st 81b (Bobin. son) ? . ,0. ..Flemming's ch h Turretfield. 4 yrs, 8st 71b iSmlthP . J. G. Beid's ci h Tumult, 6 yrs,: .8st 71b (Strafe, .fordj ? -.. '. . . \ .? . A. Davies* s g m Josephine, 5 yrs, Set Sib (Barr) li. McKinley ns bf Castaway, S yrs. 8st 21b (Davis) C. Flemming's eh gr Forlorn, S yrs, 8at llb (Saunders) J. M'Grade's br h Tantaliser, 4 yrs, 7st lUb (Croaker) W. Langley's br m Mary, 4 yrs, 7st Mb (Brown) A. Saqui's b o Mistake, 3 yrs, 7st 71b (Walker) H. ConnoUj'8 g m Zephyr, 4 yrs, 7st tilb (William. BOB) S. Gardiner's b £ Omelette, 3 yrs, 7st 41b (Lana. J. Wlttingham's bl g Eooftree, 4 yrs, 7st 21b (Shee- han) W. Frame's b £ Flash of Lightning, 3 yrs, 7st (John, son) J. Wittingham's bl f L'Africaine, S yrs, 7st (Crack \- nell) J. Simson's bl c Sinking Fund, 3 yrs, 7st (Kflby). Betting : 5 to ii against Transferred, C to 1 Allander, 8 to The Ghost and Josephine, 10 to 1 others. The flag was lowered to a straggling start, The Ghorf getting away quickest and Josephine last. As the field were running past the nbattoirs Mistake and Allander took up the running, on their quarters being Transferred, The Ghost,Tumuliand Bonnie Bee, thcrestinabunch. Bounding the homo turn Mistake made a rush for first place, and the . field began to take closer order. At the distance The Ghost and Bonuie Bee had Mistake in troublo.and reaching . the half diatanco Virago, who had been in the ruck, made '? a determined rush, and just defeated Honnie Bee by half a ' length, tho same distance away came The Ghost, then i Transferred, Mistako, and Tumult, the remainder straf« gling homo at longth intervals. Timo, linin 45îsee. 