FENIAN INGENUITY. The following is extracted from a mass of similar infamous correspondence appearing in the Irish World, which bears the date of February 17. It is sent by Mr. P. W. Crowe, from Peoria, Illinios, and thus advises Irishmen in that country : — ' As I said before, we will have to fight? Now, any honest, intelligent man, 4 knows that Iieland has no chance of success in a fight with England after the manner of what is caked honourable warfare-— not a ghost of a chance. What then are we to do ? I say we must fight — nght as best we can ; England wont allow us to arm ourselves and learn the use of arm]?, and experience has taught us that we cannot arm in secret. We cannot fight the British Empire after the manner of ' honourable warfare' with old and rusty muskets, pikes, scythes, &c.; No, these weapons would be useless against breach-loading canon and rifles. We cannot afford another '9S, or '48, or '67. But against all these odds, and iu face of all these difficulties, I say we must fight. And this next fight with England, for the freedom of Ireland, must, unlike all our former combats, be fought in England. But, notwithstanding reports to the contrary, I am not a champion of dynamite explosions, for the reason that there is, in London or elsewhere in England, as a mode of warfare, for the reason that there is, to use an old phrase, 'more fuss than feathers' in this dynamite business. I am opposed to destroy ing human life — even English human life — where it is not an actual necessity. The occupation of Ireland by English forces is a matter of pounds, shillings, and pence. England makes money by her occupation of and government of Ireland. I hold that as soon as it becomes unprofitable to her to occupy and govern Ireland, England will cease to do so. Her supremacy in Ireland is worth to England about £60,000,000 a jotn. j.i jLie.Lu.uii ui iiiijuuiBU uesuroy £600,000,000 of English property in England every year, it wont take very long to con vince Englishmen that they were losing more than they were making by holding oil to Ireland ; and, as a matter of course, they will only be too anxious to. get rid of a bad ..bargain. Now, this train of reasoning brings me back to my assertion that we must fight. We must make war— not war on Englishmen or Englishwomen, but war on English capital, war on English palaces, on English warehouses, manufacturing es tablishments, on English shipping, on her dockyards and ports. N'6\, the easiest way to do anything i3 the best way. Mrs. O'Leary's cow did more damage in kicking over a coal-oil lamp in a stable in Chicago than did the German army, with all its artillery, to Paris in four months or more, while they laid seige to it. Therefore I hold that coal-oil, judiciously applied, is a million times more destructive of property than the 'villanous saltpetre.' Now, for this mode of warfare we ought to have 500 sober, brave men ; and we ought to have 50,000 dols. for their support and maintenance for ono year in the field — 300 of these imm to occupy London, fifty for M.inc'ae.stor, fifty iov Liverpool, lii'ty l'os* .Hrisiol, &u-;\ fifty for Glasgow. Each of thoso soluiurs on entering the respective but tin jiro'jii-.l-* to soeuro a r.ioui, a furnished ono. To that room ho ought to convoy a five-gallon can of coal-oii in his trunk, and a box of match'*..-?. On a stormy night, on signal i'rom tho officer f'nmtnunding, 300 fires should blaze out in diilV-Mjnt parts of London, and, fanned by on i-quinootial storm, they would make a blaw that would be the wonder of tho world. Moscow and Chicago would not bo a patch to it in grandeur and magnificence. In its light we should road the charter of our independence as a nation. Now, as it is not difficult to get tho 500 men. but as it is very difficult to got tho 500,000 dols. for this expedition, 1 am in favour of ahirmishing. All groat battles are preceded by skirmish ing. And as those roguish trustees, Devoy and Breslin, have got rid of the original Skirmishing1 Fund, and have spent a greater mi., of it on newspapers, fast living, and wmion, there is no uso in crying over spilt milk. If you, Mr. Ford, will make a call again for a new skirmishing fund to be expended us it is taken in, I have not the least doubt at all about vwoiving enough inoney in the next lOw months to forward, equip, and keep in th« field for oum year fifty skirmishers. Will you do it 'r' 