CRITICISM AND CULTIVATION. On Tuesday, February 6, Mr. James Alexander treated the members of the Wasleys Farmers' Club to a long disserta tion upon 'Our own' Affairs.' The paper had apparently been written in the first place as a letter of remonstrance to the Editor of our weekly issue J but was eventually inflicted upon the members of the Club in question, varied by inter polations in the shape of a letter from Mr. Paterson, of Greentree Hill, near Gawler; and of the word 'gentlemen' brought in to give the composition a col loquial character. The lecturer, with innate modesty, deprecated the idea that he was able or made any pretence of being able to instruct his hpj-'rrt~ in farming matter* n« was, 'if they -j— a no objection to +Ho term, a 'soil robber,' one of themselves,' and would merely give them the result of bis own ex perience and observations, supplemented by those of two or three agricultural friends. Had he confined himself to the programme thus indicated he would have earned the gratitude of every one in South Australia who wishes to see farming progress ; but unfortunately, like the dog in the manger, he will neither teach himself ror will he allow others to do so, and throughout the whole of his address he kept up a tirade of abuse of the hapless editor alternated by contradictory state ment. The main cause of Mr. Alexander's complaint is the employment by the Agricultural Editor of the term 'soil- robbers' to indicate certain persons who have taken up fairly fertile land, and by persistent cropping, burning of the straw, and neglect to return anything to the soil have made their holdings infertile, or, according to the universally accepted term, have ' ex hausted' them. If such things have been done, and are now being perpetrated by those who do nothing but take crop after crop of wheat off the land, what term will more correctly and tersely express the operation ? The phrase was not applied in its more offensive sense, and he must be very thin-skinned and not a little uneasy in his conscience who would attach to it that meaning. As a matter of fact, no man has any right to destroy land or to shut it up from its legitimate use, and he who would deprive the agricultural land of its producing power, not only injures himself, ii he is its owner, but com mits a crime against the community. It can easily be seen that as the farmers are the mainstay of the colony, if a large proportion of such farmers are rendering the soil less and less capable of producing the staff of life, they are doing an injury and inflicting an injustice upon the generations to follow. It is unfor tunate that the English language does not contain another word which so adequately describes this process without being subject to the drawback of wounding the susceptibilities of critics like Messrs. Alexander and Paterson; and it is equally to be regretted that these gentlemen cannot find language wherein to express their dissent from the use of a word -which was only applied to a common practice, and not to an individual without resorting to abuse and threats of personal violence. To complain that a writer is ignorant and incompetent, and in the same breath to speak of dragging him through a horse pond should he dare to Beek for information, is a trifle illogical, yet this is the posi tion taken up by Mr. Paterson, whose letter was read by Mr. Alexander in sup port of an assertion that he did not believe that the ten hundredweight of bonedust applied to land at Beefacres had acted so beneficially on the crop as had been stated cr had cost only 40s. when spread upon the land. We have no inclination to inter change abusive epitheta and flat con tradictions with either Mr. Alexander or Mr. Paterson, but we venture to assert that many of the statements made by both are wide of the fact. That rain fall has a great influence upon the average yield of any crops none but a man bereft of reason will deny, but that proper culti vation will exert* marked influence' upon crops in districts where crops not pro rerly cultivated would fail— in otherwords, ihvt cultivation will do much to overcome unfavourable seasons, we unhesitatingly alirm. It is indisputable that men in the Far North have ploughed and sowed fruitlessly through the absence of rain — no one could expect any other result — and we would be the last to call such victims of the seasons slovenly farmers by reason of their misfortunes. On the other hand, there are thousands of acres which have been merely harrowed or scarified, or even left with the hope of getting a 'volun- , teer' or self-sown crop, and to call such work 'slovenly' is not libellous. When men let their land get so dirty that nothing can be seen but wild oats in the field ; when the character of South Aus tralian wheat is so depreciated in Mark lane that it is placed below that of New Zealand and Victoria, as it was last year, it is time to aver that there is slovenliness somewhere ; but the term only applies to those who are guilty of such practices, and certainly not to every selector. In regard to the statement that land in San Joachim Valley is 'admittedly only scratched,' and will yet yield from 60 to 70 bushels per acre, we should be glad to learn from what source Mr. Alexander obtains his information. We have been under the impression that there is an almost perfect system of cultivation in that region, that the valley possesses a deep rich soil, a complete system of irri gation, and that the average yield is after all about half the extraordinary quantity given above ; but upon these points we shall be happy to receive more light. The problem of how to turn the lands already selected to the best account Mr. Alexander peremptorily settles, so far as much of the country is concerned, by the oracular statement that, 'So long as the climate continues to operate as at present successful cultivation of any kind of crops will be an impossibility.' This done, he condescends to guard his remarks in respect to the older settled districts, he says — ' We would be glad if we could by any means profitably increase our wheat crops. All of us would gladly adopt any system of cultivation that offered a fair prospect, after due consideration, of in creasing the return from our farms. But,' he adds, ' I would just remark that the mechanical treatment of the Boil on our respective farms may, 1 think, be safely left to the judgment of the individual occupier. It is presumption for any outsider to interfere with the details of farm management.' Thus, when the 'Agricultural Editor,' who appears and reappears in the course of the paper with more pertinacity than the ghost of Banquo at Macbeath's banquet, repeats the text of a most successful experiment tried at Beefacres, carried out by a thoroughly practical farmer, who has been edu cated to the business, he is told by this self-constituted censor of the PreBS that he has wilfully made misstatements to uphold his theories. In speaking of the experimf*11*0 carried out by the latfi m». Mechi, Mr. Alexander asserts that they had a disastrous ending, but he omits to say in what respect. In reality Mr. Mechi's farm paid well up to the end, and the 'disaster' to which he alluded was caused thrqush **--» Win*' J a .Bans ui which Mr. Mechi was a Director. Mr. Alexander errs in very nearly every statement he makes, and the facts and anecdotes he brings forward in support of his arguments tell most fatally against himself. He asserts that manuring the land in the North is in jurious, and then gives evidence that it is [beneficial. He has himself tried guano with great results, but does not seem to have followed up his important discovery. He has found wheat growing luxuriantly upon a piece of hard road where a heap of chaff had lain and rotted, and apparently he could not see that it was the better for the manure.. He has tried to scrape it away, and has found that it was moist beneath, and could not observe that in such a depth of comparatively loose mould there would be considerable absorption of moisture from the atmosphere. He acknowledges that there is an excessive evaporation ? of moisture, and yet cannot recognise the fact that the moisture thus exhaled exists in the atmosphere in the form of vapour, which would be absorbed by the soil if the atmosphere could find an entrance. In the early days of fanning in thiscolony cultivators used the single wooden swing-plough, and ploughed ten to twelve inches deep. The yields used then to be from twenty up to fifty and even sixty bushels per acre. The rainfall was no greater, and the heat of summer and the cold of winter was as great as now ; therefore it is a sheer absurdity to say that the land has not been impoverished. Latterly many farmers in the old districts have been applying manures, and some of the paddocks that have been left uncropped have naturally developed some of their latent or dormant fertility ; and this, together with the good rainfall with which the vicinity of Ade laide is favoured, has given the older districts a better average than the North has secured. Il may be news to Mr. Alexander that some practical men advocate drainage even for dry land such as that upon the Olive Hill Farm, which he Bays is already too dry and porous. These 'unreasonable' persons say that by giving free access of air to such soil bhe deposition of water from the moisture-laden air is brought about ; and that such air is moisture laden we have Mr. Alexander's own testimony, because he tells us that during summer there is an exces sive evaporation, the results of which must be stored up in the atmosphere. It would take too much space to con tradict and disprove the many errors and misstatements contained in Mr. Alex ander's paper. We repeat we have never charged the farmers of South Australia as a body with being slovenly ; but there are, unhappily, many to whom that phrase will apply. A very large number deserve all the credit that can be given them for diligence, zeal, courage, perseverance, and other virtues. There are some who farm upon farming principles, and culti vate their land ; but there are many who only harrow or scarify in their seed, and by such practices often decrease the general average yield of the colony, thus helping to make 'patriotic South Aus tralians feel almost ashamed that such an insignificant result from the labours of the fanners should be published to th world.' We do not ignore the fact but rejoice exceedingly that the farmers in various parts are turning their atten tion to other crops and produce besides wheat. We have watched with tll6 greatest interest and satisfaction the efforts of the farmers near Angaston to estabKsh flax - growing, dairy - farming, fruit-growing, &c.;, and of the far.nors near Clare, Mount Gambier, Millicent, and even in the arid district about Port Lincoln, to improve and advance the cause of agriculture. They are on the right path, and we observe with pleasure that they are meeting with a certain amount of success. With the prosj-erity of the agriculturists every ether industry prospers, and we are auxious by every means in our power to promote the well being of the farmers. It is, however,, unfair as well as disheartening to charge us with wilfully misrepresenting facts when we record the exact statement of an experiment as given in the words ot the farmer who conducted it; to threaten members of our staff with personal violence if they apply for infor mation ; and to bo roundly abused for seeking, on the authority not only of theory but of practical experience and of the recorded results of the opera tions of intelligent and enterprising farmers, to assist the agriculturists of the colony in turning their laud to the best account. It is gratifying to know that there are many fanners who give us credit for an earnest endeavour to help forward the cause of agriculture, and that in much of what we have advanced we have the endorsement of so compete»t a judge as Professor Custance, who at the meeting of the Wasleys Farmers' Club, as well as in his annual report, already commented upon by us, has given ample proof that he has the courage of his opinions. The Yachting Accident. — The loss of Messrs. King and Dawson by the accident wliich occurred to the yacht Haidee has very properly formed the subject of dis cussion by the Marine Board. Both the President and Captain Legoe support the view we expressed as to the master of the yacht having slept below at a time when there was great danger of the loss of the tiny craft. It will be observed, too, that the President holds the opinion that in any case there would have been no danger in heaving the yacht to. In fact, he considers that this course would have been the safest even for the yacht herself. The question is not, therefore, like that of the possibility of a captain of a barque when running before a gale in mid-ocean heaving to and picking up a man who has fallen overboard. To attempt to bring her head to the wind would in Buch a case involve danger to the whole ship's com pany. But with a yacht it is different. It ia always possible with such a craft for the captain to stay his course, and this, indeed, is usually the best plan he can adopt in very boisterous weather. It is important to note that two expe rienced authorities have spoken out on this subject. The simple facts of the case under notice are that while Captain Pen nington slept below during the storm a heavy sea sent the unfortunate men over board ; but as the captain was not at his post to decide what should be done, the critical moment was allowed to slip past and the yacht hurried on her course. There is, however, no pro spect of any enquiry being held under the Marine Navigation Act, as pleasure yachts are exempted from the supervision of the Board. This is certainly an unde sirable omission. It precludes the possi bility of dealing with such a case as that of the Haidee, unless by adopting the very extreme and undesirable course of charging the master of the craft with manslaughter. No inquest can be held, as the bodies are still in the water. This is, as every one will allow, a very unsatisfactory position for matters to be in. If a schooner runs ashore and loses a few pounds worth of cargo there is an enquiry ; but if the owner of a yacht or some of his friends or em ploye's be lost under circumstances which render an enquiry expedient on many grounds the matter is beyond the cog nizance of the marine authorities. When the measure was before Parliament a fear was expressed that the power of the Board was unwisely restricted in this respect, and the recent sad accident affords a melancholy proof that this fear was well grounded. The Ostrich- farming Act. — The re- : gulations which the Governor is em poweied to make for carrying out the objects of the Ostrich-farming Act were published in yesterday's Gazette. They are sufficiently clear and explicit, and refer to the manner in which applications for leases are to be made and decided. The question of survey, payment for im provements, and the sale of leases whose holders may become insolvent are also provided lor. A form is provided on which applications for leases are to be made ; and a fee of £1 and a plan of the land applied for must accom pany it. When there are two or more applicants for the same block tho lease will be sold by auction, limited to the competition of the applicants at the Adelaide Lands Office. In cases where im provements have been made on lands applied for it is necessary for the applicant to pay tho value of these to the Treasurer within a fortnight of his application being ap proved, and before the issue of his lease. The Surveyor- General can, when he thinks proper, have the land surveyed at tbe expense of the applicant, who must in such a case pay the cost of survey before obtaining his lease. On the expiration of a lease the Act gives the lessee the right to purchase the land at £1 per acre, but one of the conditions under which the lease is granted provides that if he does not avail himself of this privilege he cannot claim any compensation for his ? improvements, which become the property of the Crown. In cases of insolvent lessees, their interest in the land mav be sold by auction as a part of tneir estates, ana ine person wno purchases a lease in this manner will be come entitled to the same advantages and be under the same liabilities with regard to the land as its former holder. To prevent any possibility of ' ' dummyism' ' in connection with the Act the regula tions prohibit the lessee from assigning or subletting his lease without the written consent of the Commissioner of Lands. A form is provided for the annual return, which must include the number and age of the imported ostriches on the farm, and also the number and age of thoBe which have been reared upon it. Neglect to forward this return within one month from January 1 is punishable by a fine of £5, and a further fine to the same amount will be incurred for every additional thirty days during which the return is withheld. Apparently every thing is in readiness for those who wish avail themselves of the advantages which the Act offers to persons who desire to engage in ostrich-farming. LrSCHEON BY THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THK Govebkment.— His Excellency the Adminis trator of the Government entertained the Chief Secretary and the other members of the Ministry, as well as several other gentlemen, at luncheon at Marble Hill on Thursday. The party returned to Adelaide the same evening 3'l TheGovERNOB.— Pwingtotlie interruption of communication on the Western. Australian line of : telegraph, some difficulty has arisen regarding the reception of His Excellency^ but it ia hoped that repairs will be executed in time to enable Perth to be spoken, so that some idea may be formed aa to when the Isizam will reach here. A fall rehearsal of Sir William Robinson's patriotic song was held in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, over 200 voices being represented. The final rehearsal takes place this evening. Mail Passesgeks.— The following is the list of passengers by the JR..M.S. Indus, which is advertised to leave Glenelg on Saturday, February 17: — For London — Mr. J. C. Lovely and Master Lovely, and Mrs. Hawkins ; for Venice — Mr. W. B. Sells and Miss Sells; for Shanhgai — Mr. Robilliard: for Albany — Mr. and Mrs. Murtha, son, and daughter. The Heat. — From various parts of the colony information was received on Thurs day night of the great heat which had been experienced during the day, and it may be some consolation to our country cousins to know that they were not alone in their dis comfort.' On Tuesday and 'Wednesday the weather was hot, though quite seasonable, but. on. Thursday the intensity of the sun's rays went beyond the point when it is borne without inconvenience or complaint by philo sophical colonists, and the day was generally acknowledged to be one of the hottest of the season. That in fact it was, the temperature in the shade being 109.6°, or only two points below that of January 15, 109.8°, the highest registered, this summer. The reading of the thermometer in the sun was 164° as com pared with 169° on January 15, but on January 14, although the shade temperature was lower than the previous day. t ae extreme heat was 171*. Happily, in the evening cool breezes arose, which were most gratefully appreciated by the exhausted citizens. February Wool Sales.— Cable advices have been received by Messrs. Harrold Brothers that their liners, the South Austra lian, from Kingston, and the City of Ade laide, from Port Augusta, have arrived in London The Marine Board.— This Eoard held a long meeting on Thursday morning. They passed the new by-laws and transacted a large amount of business, though one or two subjects had to be postponed. It was de cided that the Board had not the power to hold an enquiry as to the loss of the lives oi Messrs. King and Dawson at sea, because they were passengers at the time of a yacht used solely for pleasure, an exempt vessel from enquiries of any sort under the Act. Home Loading from Port Victor.— On Thursday we were informed by telegram that the Eastern Monarch, with a large quantity of wool on board, sailed for London at noon that day from the above port. Bahqtjet to the Members forBarossa. — The Basedow and Downer Banquet Com mittee held a meeting at the Town Hall, Gawler, on Tuesday evening, February 13. It was resolved that the banquet be held on Tuesday, March 13, and that the members of the Ministry, the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and the President of the Legis lative Council be invited. Smuggling Watches. — On Monday next a well-known resident of Port Pirie is to be brought up at the Adelaide Police Court oa a charge of smuggling watches through the Post- Office. The Customs authorities are prosecuting. ? February Wool Sales.— A cablegram ha3 been received by Messrs. Stilling & Co., stating that the Pakwan (from Port Augusta October 9) and the Borealis (from Port Ade laide November 2), of the Stilling Line of sailing packets, have arrived at London in ample tune for the February sales. Valentines and the Post-Office.— We ue officially informed that the estimated number of valentines posted for delivery by letter-carrieis ,in Adelaide on Wednesday, February 14, 1882, was 5,404, while the number posted on February 14, 1883, was 4,697, showing a decrease on 1882 of .707. This decrease is no donbt owing to the increasing popularity of Christmas, New Year, and Easter cards. Interruption on the Western Austra lian Telegraph Line.— It has been ascer tained that communication is interrupted on this telegraph line somewhere between Ayer's Sandpatch and Israelite Bay in. Western Australia. It was thought that the line inspecting parties for either end would have met on Wednesday, but no intimation has yet been received of that fact. The Arthuestone. — This immigrant ship was towed into Port at half- past 7 o'clock on Tuesday morning, and during the day all the immigrants except three families and two single men left the ship ; on the following day allnad made arrangements to go. This is thl^^kesJ;.cieSSSge^LiEF''FuND.-We are informed that up to date about £120 has been forwarded to the committee of this Relief Fund. This amount is no criterion of the total sum which is likely to be collected, because no canvasser has yet been appointed, and no country subscriptions have been received. Postal Regulations. — The Postmaster General has for some time past been engaged upon the work of revising and rearranging the regulations bearing upon the management of the department under his control, and has at last completed his task. The regula tions as they now stand appear to be very comprehensive, and, we believe, have been pronounced by heads of postal departments in the other colonies as being pretty well as complete as it is possible to make them. Mr. Todd early in the year issued a code of instructions defining the duties of the night porter, and at the end of January the following directions were forwarded to postmasters for their guidance. Had they been scrupulously observed the public would have had less reason to complain of the harsh operation of the recent rules affecting communications bearing a penny stamp. "In any case where a parcel is wholly closed it should, under the regulations, be regarded as a letter, and surcharged accordingly ; but, where pos sible, postmasters may call the atten tion of the sender to the circumstance, and afford him an opportunity of alter ing it. This will also apply to envelopes containing invoices, &c;, which instead of being open so that the contents can be readily examined, have merely a small piece snipped out of them. In such cases, where it is practicable, postmasters are requested to call the attention of the senders to the matter ; but when this cannot be done they are to cut one end of the envelope open, and if the contents are such as can pass at parcel rates no surcharge is to be made." Another City Fitje— A fire broke out on lhursday evening near the corner of Rundle aud Pulteney streets, at the rear of the premises occupied by Messrs. Rushton and Just, photographers, Mr. Henderson, con fcctioner, and Mr. Hiscocks, fancy goods dealer. The brigade, under the superin tendeuce oi Mr. Moore, was quickly in atten dance, but it was not before Messrs. Kushtons place had been completely gutted that the fire was in any way subdued. The damage done, however, was not of an extensive character, and most of the sufferers were fully insured. 1 he A or wood Reel, which is entirely uncon nected with the incorporated brigades, ren dered very valuable assistance, and to a large extent contributed to the successful manner in which the fire was subdued. Longitude of the Australian Capitals. We understand that good progress is being made with the work of signalling, which has been undertaken by the Government astronomers of the various colonies, for the purpose of ascertaining the longitude of the respective capitals. Splendid clock signals have been exchanged between the Adelaide Observatory and Port Darwin. An exchange of signals has also taken place between Port Darwin and Banjoewangie, and Port Darwin and Singapore ; and last night the wires be tween Melbourne, Adelaide, and Port Dar win were put into requisition for the same purpose. The Break of Gauge.— We have been shown by Mr. W. Gordon, agent for Mr. D. Anderson, oi V ictoria, plans of a patent con trivance by which the rolling-stock on rail ways may be adjusted to any gauge. The nrst part of the invention consists of a peculiar construction of the axles of rolling stock for rail and other permanent ways, in which either wheel is keyed to a sleeve, the inner end of which terminates in a flange, the sleeve slides over and upon the axle and the feathers thereon. The axle is made with a solid collar in the centre, with a hinged and grooved colhr to fit over the flange. The second part consists of a certain combina tion ana arrangement of machinery in which a sole-plate carries the bearings for two sets ot rollers. Each set consists of two rollers, on -which travels a platform, the upper side of which is recessed to the shape of the tire of a wheeL There are other appliances for the easy working of the necessary motive V™ll- J*- are informed that ic November last the Engineer-in-Chief was asked by Mr. portion to grant him an interview, but that he ha3 not yet received a reply. T^Ci?^VJ -RoAD Boahd. — The Central u ? S'ftE^te a deal of impor SptnikrUand ^aiingly, but it drawa SS-d Sf i&F1;*9*1^ Tfle Board afc its nsual monthly meeting on Thursday received S» t\ T'1 *° *? ^apdered a cod. request from the Corporation of Gawler, viz., whither they would perform some required scavenging in Marray- street or refund the Council the ^omt expended In that sanitary work. The of th^Wtely intimated that it was not part £f rmW-duty *? d° *** 8cav?nKkg in portions *» Public roads passing through corporate towns. '- One of the members appeared to , regard Gawler as a somewhat exacting body, inasmuch as the Board, had kept the road from watertable to watertable and given it other benefits besides, while it still re mained unsatisfied. Attention was drawn to some unpleasant observations made in a report in the Bunyip to the effect that the Board was dictated to by its Superin tending Surveyor. This the Board considered beneath formal notice, and contented itself with a flat contradiction of another insinua tion to the effect that the Council had been told that if they could not maintain a certain portion of the road at the end of Murray street they had better close it. This the Surveyor said was never suggested. It ap pears that the Road Board are not quite cer tain of their powers in regard to footpaths on the main road. The Onkaparinga District Council asked them to put them in such charge of the footpaths at LobethaL Hahn dorf, and Woodside as would enable them to protect such paths from heavy traffic. The Board being doubtful of the power to accede to the request have decided to consult their solicitors. Special Lenten Services at St. Peter's Cathedral. — The first of a serie3 of Lenten services took place at the Cathedral on Wednesday night, when there was a fair con gregation. The service began at 7.30 with the singing of Hymn 94, 'Lord, in this Thy mercy's day,' the congregation and choir all kneeling. A few collects were then said by Dr. Dendy, after which an admirable address on ' Our present condition as members of Christ's Church' was given from the chancel steps by Archdeacon Dove. Then followed the last half of the commmation service, be ginning with Psalm 1L, which the choir and officiating clergyman took antiphonally, and sung to the old Gregorian setting. This im pressive service was brought to a close by the rendering of ' The Story of the Cross,' which has now become quite a part of the Lenten Liturgy at the Cathedral, and which from its simple beauty and the refined singing of the little chorister who opens the story has won its way to the hearts of all hearers. We understand that Archdeacon Dove is to ^ive all the addresses at these special services throughout Lent. Sunday Work. — An attempt was made at the Marine Board on Thursday to pass a reso lution which would have defeated the object of the one which a few months ago instructed their officers not to work on Sundays. The purpose of that action, as stated by its advo cates, was to protest against the Sunday work allowed by the Collector of Customs, and the Board knew that through their decision no vessel could clear on Sunday. It was on Thursday last proposed to remove the anomaly presented by the attitudes of the two departments by removing the obstructions to vessels clearing on Sundays, but a large majo rity of the Board opposed the effort. We hear that the Government some time ago gave a private deputation a pledge to abolish Sun day 'shipping work within a certain period, which must be nearly expired. Meteorological.— We have received a copy of Mr. Todd's " Meteorological Observa tions " for the year 1880. Though the pub lication has been long delayed, the work contains a vast amount of tabulated informa tion, extending over more than 300 pages foolscap-folio, with about forty charts photo lithographed at the Surveyor-General's Office. These charts present to the eye the daily changes of meteorological phenomena relative to the rainfall, evaporation, amount of cloud, ozone, humidity of the atmosphere, changes of temperature, direction and velocity of the wind, barometrical readings, &c;, as deduced from observations taken at the Observatory at 9 a.m., noon, 3 p.m., 6 p.m., and 9 p.m., and at numerous out-stations, extending from the southern coast to Port Darwin. The work also contains a chart of the daily ap pearance of the comet of February, 1880, and appendices, showing in a condensed form abstracts of results of the monthly tables, observations of eclipses, occultations and transits of Jupiter's satellites, and remarks on the physical appearance of Jupiter during October, November, and December of 1880. January Land Sales.— A slight improve ment is manifest in the returns of the land sold during last month as compared with the previous month, but the comparison of the receipts for land sold for cash and on credit for January of this year and for the same month last year is not nearly so satisfactory, the figures being respectively £24,630 and £38,687, and the acreage 20,139 and 33,316. Last month 140 acres were sold for cash, realizing £199, or just over £1 8s. per acre : while the land disposed of on credit totalled 19,999' acres, for which £24,430 was contracted to be paid. The amount paid into the Treasury during the month was— Deposits and balances from previous sales, £149 2s. 2d. ; completion of purchase of 15,363$ acres, £16,332 9s. ; second instalment of interest, purchase-money, ' £l,439'19s. lid.' ;~ exhalsuflf of credit for three-fourths of purchase-money, £215 12s. 6d. ; extension of credit for half purchase-money, £180 14s. 2d. ; interest on overdue amounts, £32 Os. lOd. The amount received for improvements, £105 18s. and £273 16s., was paid under substituted resi dence. The grand total payments on ac count of land during the month was £22,186 12s. 7d. In January, 1882, the actual re ceipts were £62,672. City Mission.— The committee of the City Mission held its monthly meeting on Wednesday. Miss Gree', oue of the mis sionaries, who had obtal^d leave from the committee to form a IK,. ?..-.?- Society, with the object of providing clothing for the really poor, to enable them to appear decently in a place of worship on the Sabbath, submitted a draft of rules, which with slight modifica tions were approved. This additional and valuable institution of the mission, which has secured the willing services of a number of ladies to act a3 a committee, is strongly re commended to the favour of the public. The Treasurer reported that funds in liquidation of the debt on the Mission Hall as well as in aid of the various departments of the work had come in very slowly during the last two months, and begged t&e; committee to use their personal influence with friends of the Mission to prevent the account from getting seriously in arrear. The Breakfast Committee reported that the attendance had continued to be large, that the accompany ing religious services weie received with much reverential interest, and that several instances of marted improvement in the character of persons attending justified the continuance of the arrangement. Fouth Australian Steamship Company. — A meeting of the Directors of this Company ?was held at the Semaphore on Thutsday. Mr. Anderson occupied the chair, and the Secre tary brought forward the result of the Com pany's operations, which was considered eminently successful, principally in conse quence of the Company holding the Govern ment contracts for the coast service. It is intended to extend the operations of the Company's steam fleet so as to embrace the coast ports in the gulf. Border Customs Duties. — With regard to the alleged case of shipping tobacco over the New South Wales Border without paying duty, we learn from the Chief Secretary that the owners of the goods are Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., and that the carriers are Messrs. McCulloch. & Co. It seems that in January last the steamer Eliza Jane left Morgan for Wentworth, having on board a small quantity of tobacco, which was entered upon the manifest as duty paid. Thi3 entry the officials take to mean that the tobacco has been imported into South Australia, and that the ordinary import duty has been paid on it. It should be understood that New South Wales does not charge a duty on the imported article passing over the Border, but according to the terms of the Convention concluded with us imposes a duty of Is. per lb. on Adelaide manufactured tobacco, this duty going to South Aus tralia to help to make up the amount paid to the sister colony for compen sation for duties on goods passed over the New South Wales Border from South Australia. Up to the present time, however, no duty lias been collected on tobacco, all previous shipments having been consigned as duty paid, and consequently having been passed by the Sub- Collector at Wentworth. On this occasion the atten tion of the Collecttr at Pooncarrie was directed to the possibility of the ship ment being colonial product. The cases containing the tobacco were accordingly opened, and there was little doubt but that the article was manufactured in Ade laide. The question is an important one, when it is remembered that many other ship ments may have been passed in the same way by different firms, and the Government are accordingly holding an enquiry into the circumstances. We believe that the explana tion offered by the owners of the tobacco is that they had no idea that any exception was made under the Convention with regard to the colonial manufactured article. We are also informed by Messrs. McCulloch and Co that they were not aware of the special rule with regard to colonial tobacco, and that no notice has been posted at the Customs offices calling attention to the fact that this duty is charged while everything else is passed free. Gilcheist Educational Trust.— It is notified in the Gasetie that an annual scholar ehip, of the value of £100 per annum for three years, is offered for competition to can didates from any colony of Australia or Tasmania. Candidates must be at least six teen years of age, but not more than twenty two and must be natives ot Australia, or have resided therein for the five years immediately Preceding the examination. The scholarship will be awarded to the candidate who shall come out highest at the January matricu lation examination of the University oi London, provided that he pass either in the i honours or in the first division. The success ful candidate will be required to proceed to i England, and to prosecute a farther course of academical study in Great Britain, with a view to giaduation either in arte, science, law, or medicine, in the University of Lon don. The first examination will be held in January, 1884, and arrangements will be made for holding a branch examination in Adelaide, provided that notice has been given by a duly qualified candidate on or before the 1st day of September, 1883. Adelaide, Payneham, and Paradise Tramway Company. — An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of this Com pany was held at the Exchange Arbitration room, on Thursday morning, for the purpose of increasinethe Directors' fees to £5 5s. per meeting. There were ? eight shareholders present, and with proxies 9,531 shares were represented. Mr. W. Everard, J.P., .occu pied the chair, and said that the question of increasing the fees of the Directors was raised at the last meeting, but owing to the small attendance of shareholders it was decided to postpone it till ageneralmeeting, to be called for tie purpose. Judging by the attendance that morning there was not much interest manifested m the result ; but he took the shareholders' absence as a guarantee that they appreciated the Directors' services and raised no objection to the proposed increase. The majority of those present at the last meeting admitted that the clause as it now stood was hardly sufficient to meet the care, time, and labour expended by the Directors in connection with the Company. Mr. Dutton Green moved — 'That clause 98 of the articles of association be struck out, and that the following clause be adopted in lieu thereof :— ' 98. The remuneration of the Directors for their services shall be at the rate of £5 5s. per meeting, provided, never theless, that no more than one meeting shall be paid for in any one week.' He had had sume experience in connection with tram ways, and the time that the Directors would lose in looking after the interests of this line should be recognised in the shape of fees now proposed. Mr. H. Hawson seconded. Mr. G. F. Ind said that when the articles of association were being considered he had moved that the fee of each Director should be 10s. or 10s. 6d. a meeting, which was carried, and he saw nothing that had tran spired since that date to make him alter his opinion. The success of the Tramway Com panies had to a very large extent been due to the economical manner in which they had been worked, and economy should commence at the head of the tree, which in this instance was the Directors. He thought they would do as much work, and just as well for a fee of 10s. 6d. as they would if they received £lls.', and it was too much to expect the shareholders to pay the latter. He moved as an amendment — 'That the rule stand as printed.' Mr. H. A. Short seconded. The amendment was put and lost, four shareholders voting for it and five against. Before the original motion was put the Chair man intimated that he would just give Mr. Ind an idea of the work the Directors had to consider at their meetings. They were to meet that morning, and amongst the items to occupy their attention were the following : — To arrange for purchase of cars ; to appoint a clerk of works to inspect line; to advise re rails timber, &c; ; to test plans for car- sheds ; the building of a manager's house; and the widening or bridges on the line. He men tioned that two vacancies would soon occur among the Directors, and he could assure the shareholders that he should also send in his resignation if their services were only to be rewarded by the pitiable allowance they were now receiving. Mr. C. H. T. Hart stated that the Directors did not wish to cavil at the actual amount, but he had proposed the increase so that the Company might re munerate their Directors with a fair sum. It was absurd to think that five gentlemen engaged in business were going to devote their energy, time, and attention as a Board to tramway matters for almost nothing. Besides, he informed Mr. Ind that the Direc tors were liable to the Bank. Mr.. Ind— Not as long as you can call up shares. The Chairman thought it was hardly competent for Mr. Ind to come there and complain of the manner in which the Directors were managing their business. Mn Ind thought these remarks were scarcely justifiable. Surely he could make an amendment without finding fault. Nothing was further from his mind. The original motion was then carried and the meeting closed. Dilapidated Condition of the Local Court.— The Local Court, with its offices and surroundings, is at present in a most unpardonable state of. disrepair. It being, as described, in the 'Building Act of 1881, ' the property of Her Majesty,' no power is given to those administering that law to deal in any way with it, probably because ifrwas imrjlisjj i-tJ&e;_framers of the Act that Her towards a her L property, and therefore* no supervision was needed. Perhaps such an omission from the Act was warrantable on the grounds that the officials referred to are notably ever zealous, painstaking, and energetic in dealing with matters of even the smallest moment or least importance. When, therefore, a public building such as tie Local Court appears in a dilapidated or dangerous state, there must or ought to be some [valid reason for its condition. Want of time on the part of the Government officials, however, might have a good deal to do with the question, to say nothing of the usual short delays caused by that redtapeism which is so moderately displayed by Government officials. When also something out of the way occurs, such as the breaking of a window-cord, it seems as if it is essentially necessary that any repairs should be completed substan tially, irrespective of any inconvenience to the public, owing to the want of proper ventilation caused by the non-opening of the window. In order that the public may fully appreciate the carefulness of these officials it might be stated that last week the cord used for opening one of the Local Court windows broke asunder, and ere it can be replaced the following course of events must take place : — The caretaker must officially report the occurrence to the Clerk of the Court (and it might be stated that it must be no mere verbal report), who in turn conveys it to the Stipendiary Magistrate. This functionary (also officially) brings the matter under the notice of the Attorney-General, who again causes it to be sent on to the Public Works Department, whence it is forwarded to the Architect-in-Chigf s office. Here the roving document rests itself awhile until one of the officers of this department has an opportunity of inspecting the said window and reporting thereon. After some little further delay a new cord is substituted for the old and broken one, and a piece of rope such as that referred to is intrinsically valued at Is. 3d. There are, however, other matters of far more seriousness in connection with the dila pidated state of the Local Court which are at present 'under consideration' in these redtape departments. In a Court where the business is daily increasing is to be found a useless gallery, worm-eaten and ever ready to fall, and at the same time of such a character as to fill the apace which might otherwise be occupied by the foul breaths of those rum soaked beings who so frequently attend our Courts of Justice with no other object than that of idle curiosity. The windows on the north side of the building can rarely be opened except under the forbearance of an abominable stench which emanates from a cesspit which for five years past has not been cleaned out. To this nuisance the Magistrates' rooms are also more espe cially subjected, inasmuch as they are the nearer to it. The water-closets too, like other parts of the build ing, are crumbling to pieces, and being used promiscuously by all sorts and conditions of people, they are, to say the least, very undesirable adjuncts to a Court of Justice, and especially when located in such close proximity. Throughout the various offices there it not one ceiling which is sound, and the majority of them are cracked to such an extent that a brick might easily be placed between the apertures. Not long ago the ceil ing in the public accountant's office fell down en masse, and with such force that a cedar table was broken to pieces by it Luckily, however, the occurrence took place on a Saturday afternoon after the gentleman re ferred to had left bis office. In the Summons Office the floor is constantly besprinkled with carbolic acid, which is used as a disinfectant on account of the disgusting stenches that pre vail there. Thenastothecaretaker'sresidence, which is a sort of half -stable and half house. Here three of the rooms are only six feet high, and have brick floors. The ceilings are mapped out with cracks, and the walls dissevered at the angular points. Over the doors the mortar, aiterstanding for thirty-five years, is dropping piecemeal away, and in one place to such an extent that a keystone which supports the overhead roof has fallen some six inches. The fencing all round is broken, and the wood work throughout must have last Been a coat of _ paint in the very primeval times of its existence, if appearance speaks for anything. This Court is at the present time one «f the most important tribunalsof justice, andin the not veryfar off future it is destined to be come' still more so, and yet what has been stated above is the dilapidated condition in which it 13 now. Accident at Maitland.— A correspondent sends us the following :— A sad accident has occurred here to Mr. Tiddy's son. He is a scholar at the State school, and it appears that during play time the boys had a game of hockey, 'iounjr Tiddy was struck oa the bridge of the nose by a stick, receiving the full force of the blow. Unfortunately he was' detained at the school for some time by the master before being sent to the doctor, who, on examination, found the bridge of the nose to be broken.! HockeyJis newly disciraed at home at Bchoola1 on account of the' dinner arising from the rise' of 'the sticks .by 'the boys; other games, such as foils, racquets, lawn-tennis, football, and cricket taking its place. Eifle Match.— In addition to the two sewing machines presented . by the City Manager of the Singer Sewing Machine Agency, to be fired for by the whole of the Volunteer Force, Mr. E. Higgs, the Mana ger of the Port Adelaide Agency, has kindly offered two machines, valaed at nine guineas and six guineas, to be competed for by the B Battery Carbine Club (Port Adelaide Ar tillery) in a match for rapid shooting. The conditions are 150 yards, standing regulation, third-class targets, each hit or ricochet on target to count one point, the. number of shots to be fired in a minute not to be lim , but each competitor must fire not less than ten shots to entitle him to a prize; leach member to provide bis own ammunition, which must either be taken from pouch or belt. Art.— Mr. MacCormac, the artist, has received definite instructions to paint a life size portrait of Rear- Admiral Pullen, who, it will be remembered, was intimately associated with the early history of the colony. The portrait when finished is to be placed in the City Council Chamber. Theatre Royal.— Notwithstanding the oppressive weather on Thursday evening there was a capital house at the Theatre, when 'Boccaccio' was repeated. The opera, which is fast becoming a very popular one, was received with much laughter, and the principal performers came in for a large share of applause. A Beauty Show.— These are the days of shows. In this country (says the Home. News) we have had exhibitions of all sorts — babies, barmaids, cats, dogs, snuff-boxes, lace, old china, and umbrellas. They are just now organizing in Paris a show of old hats, and it is to be followed by one of old boots. But these are nothing to the 'Beauty Show' lately held in New York No doubt it originated with the visit of the great professional beauty from this aide of tha Atlantic, whom the Yankees have paid for tunes to see, and abused to their hearts' content both for her acting and her behaviour. The contest for the palm, lasted some weeks. It was opened atlJannell's Museum, and the competitors came in hundreds. The. points considered in adjudging the prize were figure, eyes, complexion, features, and hair. The winner, whose superior charms were decided nponbyballot!andwhosecuredmorethan2,000 votes had twenty bona-fide offers of marriage upon the spot, and fifty of morganatic attach ment. When this was' known the excite ment among the rest for the sesond and third places was immense. There was also a prize of a sewing machine for the last in the race — not a bad consolation. The winners of the prizes were duly exhibited at the end of the contest, and there is a talk of sending them all to Europe. Ideas may differ as to which kind of beauty should be preferred. But all ladies might like a recipe for keeping what they have. It is that of a celebrated beauty who is asecondNinon de L'Enclos in retaining ber good looks. She advises a soft sponge and no towel, with clear soft water of a morning ; of an evening warm and soft water, Castile soap, and a soft towel and a flesh brush. She insists also upon a sufficiency of sleep, and is certain that soft water and sound sleep will defy wrinkles. The Mongoose.— I see (writes a corre spondent of the St. James's Gazette) that the people of Australia are about to introduce the mongoose from India, in order that the pest of rabbits may be abated. I only hope the colonists know what they are bringing upon themselves. Some time ago a mon goose came from India in a steamer. He was a lively little urchin of about the size of a pole-cat. His coat was wiry, and each hair looked like a miniature porcnpine-quilL TVith his long, snaky body, his vicious looking claws, his sharp nose, and his vflla nous eye, he was like murder incarnate. As he sidled about on deck, casting keen glances from side to side, and undulating over chains, or ropes, or stray bolts, he looked very fell and uncanny. At night, when the dews came down, the rata would come up to sip the moisture. That was a time of rejoicing for the mongoose. His mode of working was marvellously skilful; not even the celebrated terrier which be longed to Mr. J. Shaw could have equalled him. He crawled sinuously up to his victim until he was within easy distance for a rush, and then struck with unerring aim, nipping the rat just at the base of the brain. The animals rarely had time to squeak so sudden and deadly was the onslaught. In a single watch the mongoose would leave his traces from the companion to the engine- roqnjllajf^ sometimes the slain were found^n to dine b?$* forehatches,^;^ gga tne° ^ wovi& fear and rend with extreme emphasis and enjoyment. By the time the ship got home he had established such a scare that he was obliged to go down below after his game, instead of enjoying himself on the dewy deck. Wherever a rat could enter he could enter; indeed, the sailors declared, and perhaps believed, that he could go through a keyhole ; and in truth that strange little body of his wound in and out of all but impossible places. Had he been full-grown he would not have been so useful; as it was, he nearly cleared the vessel in his time. When he came to England the troubles of his owner began. The young animal developed a j singular ferocity. The sight of any small living creature made him frantic, and until a proper cage of zinc was made for him he could not be kept in confinement. At the most unseasonable hours he would escape from captivity, and when he did escape he made a sensation. He seemed to pervade the house, and his mania for getting into holes was most perplexiag ; for instance, the leg of a pair of trousers, with their owner in them, quite came up to his standard of a negotiable hole. If the Australians intend to let the Indian beasts go loose in their country in scores of couples, as is said, there is a sad future before the Australians, I fancy. Robbers of Grates.— The Philadelphia correspondent of the New York Tribune, writing on December 15, says : — ' Francis McNamee, Henry Pillet, Robert Chew, and Levi Chew were arraigned this morning to answer the charge of desecrating graves in Lebanon Cemetery, McNamee and PUlett pleading guilty. Ihe two Chews pleaded not guilty, and were Dut upon trial. Louis N. Megargee, City Editor of The Press, de scribed the manner in which he and several reporters on that journal discovered the systematic and wholesale robbery of graves; how they watched the body-snatchers for eight months, and finally arrested them at night as they were driving a wagon from the cemetery with six stolen bodies. The Jury, after a brief deliberation, recorded a verdict of guilty. Upon the announcement of the verdict McNamee asked permission to make a clean breast of his connection with the affair. - He was sworn, and made a long statement, repeating his previous confession. He stated that he was en gaged by Drs. Forbes, Benham, and Lehman to do the work, and that the doctors knew that the bodies were taken from Lebanon Cemetery. James Bowser, one of the. trustees of Lebanon Cemetery, appeared before a Magistrate this morning and made an affidavit charging Dr. Wilson S. Forbes, demonstrator of anatomy in Jefferson Medical College and his assistants, Die. Lehman and Benham, with conspiracy with McNamee and others to desecrate graves in the cemetery. Drs. Forbes and Lehman were held in $5,000 bail each to answer.' South Australian Eifle Association.— His Excellency Sir William Jervois's cup, and two others, presented by the Association and Mr. H. Sterner, jeweller, are to be seen at Mr. Hausen's, tobacconist, Bundle-street These trophies are to be competed for at the forthcoming annual matches. Socth Austrai-un Yacht Club.— The races of this Club will start to-morrow at 1 p.m. Military Band.— A concert will be riven bv this band at Glenelg this evening. Presentation.— In. token of the way in which Dr. J. H. Henderson had carried oat his duties as Surgeon- Superintendent of the Aithurstone, as well as because of his ready help in endeavouring to make life on board ship less monotonous, it was resolved at a meeting of the immigrants on Satur day, February 3, to present him with an address and testimonial. In acknowledging the presenta tion Dr. Henderson warmly thankedthe donors. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, February 10, were : —Births— 90 males, 73 females ; deaths— 33 males, 32 females ; total— 163 births, 65 deaths. Excess of births, 98. For the District of Adelaide.— Births— 17 males, 25 females ; deaths— 14 males, 13 females ; total— 42 births, 27 deaths. Execs of- births, 15. Aerated Waters Cohpast.— Mr. W.Bounsevell has been appointed Secretary and Acting Manager to the Aerated Waters and Brewing Company. 