The Irish. (Indo-European Correspondence.) There is <1 phenomenon in connection with Irish history which is truly astonishing, and may at first sight appear unaccountable ; it is the survivance of what is called the Irish race. For more than three centuries there has been a feud in that unhappy island between the Saxon and the Celt, which, besides the animosity of race, was embittered also by religious fanaticism, and kept up by the rivalry of material interests. For three centuries it has seemed to be the policy of the .English to eradi cate the Irish, and to thrust them, root and branches, into or across the ocean. Year after year the war of extermination raged, and raged with such fury that it made those very hands slnink that had kindled it. Elizabeth, we know, was of an unrelenting nature, yet such was the barbarity of her agents in Ireland that she was heard to exclaim “that she had found she hail sent wolves, not shep herds, to govern Ireland, for they had left nothing but ashes and carcasses for her to reign over.” At the time of the Desmond’s Rebellion, so stern was the repression, and so unsparing the retribution, that the poet Spenser draws the following appalling picture: "Out of every corner of the Woods and (llynns, they (the Irish) came creeping forth on their hands ; for their legs could not bear them • they spoke like ghosts crying out of their graves ; they did eat dead carrions, happy were they that could find them. In a short space there was none almost left, and a most populous and plentiful country 1 was suddenly devoid of man and beast.” Instead of showing pity, Elizabeth cut oil 1 from the Irish the only means of rising from I their ruin by confiscating their lands. She then parcelled them out among her greedy favourites, on condition that they would colonise them with Juii/linh tenants. i •James continued the work of fire and blood, ' and if the "wild Dish” enjoyed a breathing interval at the beginning of the eivil war, the Roundheads of Cromwell soon made up for the i respite. Supposing even the accounts that represent them wading with their Imrscs breast - deep through streams of Catholic blood be exag gerated, they still lead to suppose carnage enough to make the smvivors comparatively f; w : and yet Faddy survived ! The cruel policy of t he sanet imonious Protector was continued under the Stuarts; it was con tinued under William and the Ceorgcs. Crom well had relegated the poor do w n-t.t oilden Celts into the wilds of Connaught ; it was the constant endeavour of the rulers of the land after him to prevent them frwin rising, and by foreign coloni sation, or by nat ive aposlucy, to make an un-Irish Ireland ; and yet Ireland remained Irish ! When direct persecution wassioppod bv the Emancipation Act. famine took the place of tire and sword, and the work of depopulation con tinued. \\\ e may safely assume that the stress of emigration told most heavily on the native Irish and Catholic element : yet, afier years of emigration, the census of 1SS” shows t hat the Catholics have maintained iheir proportion to the whole population, or, if any change took place, it was in their favour. This strange tact has become t lie more striking, these last few years, by t he downfall of tin- I risii Church, which was given up by England in despair, and by the breakdown of the Irish Missions, whose exposure we have but lately heard of. Ireland is as Catholic us she ever was since Elizabeth, and if any tiling she is more intensely liDh. Religious animosity may have softened down: but national iuspirat ions have buoyed up, and national antagonism has been intensilied. It is no longer t iie “ Papists ” alone that club together against the English ascend ancy : it is every one ; and the Double given by the Rand Leaguers to the sister isle is none the less trying because their head. Mr. Parnell, is a Protestant. 