A Balloon Voyage Across tlie North Sea. Mr. Simmons, the aeronaut, has given the following interesting narrative of his reccnt balloon voyage across the North Sea from Maldon, in Kent, in company with Sir Claude de Creepigny ' Before we made a start several pilot balloons were launched in order to ascertain, which, direction we wore likely to take. The pilets indicated several currents at low alti tude, but as at the moment of starting the wind gave me a good deal of trouble, I found it necessary to leave the ground with great ascending power, as every attempt 1 made to utilise currents would have been at the expense of gas and ballast, wc naa a aesire to cross ine uerman uceau ; therefore every ounce of ballast and every foat of gas had to be cautiously used. We had not much time to enjoy the glorious panorama ere we found it necessary promptly to discuss the propriety of attempting to reach Holland or Belgium. Fortunately the atmosphere over England was clear. The start was made at 11 o'clock a.m., and we soon crossed tbe Thames, near the Nore. Taking our bearings we were going sharp for Rot terdam. Tbe bottom of the sea was clearly seen in every direction. We see the man-of-war at Harwich very dis tinctly. £ix steamers beneath us appear to be almost in collision. We are at an altitude of 9000 feet. The light ship east of the Blackwater is about the size of a Ilea, but is very distinct. Although the bell is constantly ringing, we can now and again hear Bhouts from decks. We throw out sheets of paper and find them being left a little to our north. This satisfies us that we are making still a trille south of eastward, and our safety and the attainment of our object depend upon being able to continue it. 2 o'clock.— I have not yet spent an ounce of ballast or touched any valve. Altitude at this moment 10,000 feet. Our feet are cold. We appear to be overhauling a mist to the south east. 2.50 p.m. — We are enshrouded in it, and can see nought but ourselves and our balloon. A few minutes later we have a magnificent picture of the balloon on the clouds. We can see our vis-a-vis doing everything exactly as we do, even to the fingers distinctly handling the ropes. Our ghostB are dummies. We make them speak by shouting ourselves, and even in this they exactly imitate us. The grappling cable whioh I have let out is distinctly re produced in reflection or shadow running to the phantom car. 1 call Sir Claude de Crespigny's attention to this apparent negative. He cannot see it where he is sitting, but immediately on coming to my side he sees the rope as distinctly as 1 do. My blue serge suit looks now quite green, and continues so for many minutes. The atmosphere is a very deep blue above us. The gas up through the centre of the balloon is perfectly clear, and the great dome with its gores and diamonds has a very solid and assuring appear ance. Everything is in perfect tranquillity. We can hear the beating of our hearts very distinctly. Our ears are occasionally blocked, but we remedy this little ovil by widely opening our mouths. At 4.30 we both think there i6 a slight sound as of surf. We are very slowly descending and at 4.40 emerge on the under side of the clouds and can see some thing looking like a coast line to the south-east. We are still on the same course we started with. At 4.50 wc have approached near enough to find that our imaginary coast line is a long sweep of shoal, but it encourages us to* think I that we have passed mid-ocean. Another long line of shoal now appears behind to the eastward. As if by magic, we ure in full view of six steamers, as we suppose' These are ull coming from the east. On nearer approach we see they are sailing vessels. They appear to expect we shall require their services, for they are tacking and dodging us. 5.10.— Two steamers are distinctly visible, both going westward. .3.60.— Sir Claude cries, Loot there ; is that another shoal J-' We discuss this matter with much interest. Sir Claude cannot believe it is anything but mainland. I soon begin to think the same, but it continues for a long time very indistinct, and as 1 look very fixedly at it for some minutes it appears to alter its shape, and 1 con clude it can be nothing but a streaky cloud. Instead of in (i casing in distinctness, this long sweep now grows more dim, end at the same time we have other indications which make us think we have changed our course, and that there is a point of north in it. Now for some manoeuvring to try and find out whether a sudden increase of altitude has changed our course. Sir Claude says two or three times that he does not despair of the streak turning out to be land. His distant vision was more distinct than usual.'' At 10 minutes past G Mr. Simmons was perfectly satisfied that he was within a short distance of the coast. ' The sun had been for some minutes deeply shrouded, but he peeped between the clouds, and under the influences of his rays the balloon instantly shot upwards with fearful rapidity. Sir Claude said, ' Do you not smell gas escaping r ' but I did not, and had it not been for this safeguard of his, the conse quences might have been serious. In a few seconds we were over a vast area of what looked like mountains of snow solid enough to wa:k on. The grandeur ot this scene it would be utter folly tor me to attempt to describe. Not the slightest movement could be detected in any part of this vast cloudland ; every mountain peak seemed to stand there fixed for ever. The temptation was too great to go down and leave this grandeur until the greater temptation, the positive sound of the surf immediately beneath us. 1 now opened the valve, and we rushed downwards with great rapidity. A few seconds were sufficient to bring us down from our highest position (17,000 feet} low enough to spread before our delighted vision the beach of Walcheren Island, on the north Eide of the Scheldt River, and the mainland of Holland, shutting us in on the south. Wc had already passed the mouth of the Scheldt. 1 considered we were 6afe enough, and I sketched Walcheren, with the town of Flushing beneath us. The people were now hailing us lustily irom all points. The balloon was brought down splendidly at Flushing, the grappling-iron taking a firm grip in a ditch surrounding a wheatfield. This ditch acted as well as a fence round the balloon to keep off the great crush. When we had emptied and packed the balloon, the ' streets were thronged with people all the way to the Hotel Wellington, where wc were entertained for a short time. After getting some refresh ments we proceeded to the landing-stage and there procured berths on board the mail-steamer Princess Mary, for Queen borough. I had almost forgotten to mention that the cold was intense over the mouth of the West Scheldt, at the alti tude of 17,000 feet. 1 had 4001b. of ballast left when we came down, and our journey could have been prolonged but for our having promised Lady de Crespigny that wo would do our best to descend on reaching the coast. We linded at 7 o'olock.' 