?'.'[ NEWS Ol' THE DAV. "' TUÉ- commercial nows by oablo from London ii o"£ interest. Tho Victorian loan, which proved muon 'lest successful than was anticipated whan tenden .'.were opened a few wooka ngo, has again beer placed, on tho London market. Our message state that ' owing ' to tho arrangements which havt .neon . rn'ndo for deferring payments of tho in .stahnonts, and tho accrued intcrost, amounting to 12e, ¡per 'cont.,, being allowed to subscribers, tho actual minimum prico for tho loan will ba £08 0a. Anothoi ic'aWogrsm relates fo tho London-colonial wool sales, fUp to Saturday 120,000 bales had been catalogued, ¡out ' of: whioh 7000 wore withdrawn. Scoured ¡jnorinos. showed an improvement of a halfpenny pei lb. compared with the Deeembor rates ; but inferior 'iindá wera a halfponny below previous rates. \ ? O^K of our cablegrams a f ow days ago stated that the rtJnitod States Government, sotin motion by a demand tfrom tho British Government for tho extradition of tho joan Sheridan, tho Irish agitator, bolioved to be impli- cated iii the Phoenix Park and other outrages, had ordored ills arrest. Up to Friday; however. Sheridan had not 'been arrooted. Tho French Government seems to be jsomowhat moro anxious to rid tho country of Irish refu- gees. Last week, nt the instance of tho British Govern- ment, Byrne, a-Land Leaguer, was arrested, and now ¿tire', learn that Wnlnh, tho late secretary of the Irish j&imd.Leaguo;, has aleo been placed under arrest. It is ;Mid by a later cablegram that noithor Byrno nor ^Sheridan will bo given up unless strong ovidoace ie , afforded of thoir coinplioity in tho outrages. A warrant 'has' been, issnod for tho arrest of tho myatorious jü.Numbor Ono," who dirêotcd the assassination com ; mittoo in Dublin. .'? ' .Tim Australian moat sont home by tho Chimborazo ,lias, arrived at London in oxcelleut condition. :': Fnoji America we learn that tho Tariff Commissiou )fh&t; is sitting at Now York has recommended an in- crease in the moral tariff, and a reduction of 16 per cont, .'¡ih.tho wóql duties. Tho national debt was, last year, \- reduced by 75 million dollars. . TUE Paoifio Mail Company's steamahip City of Now York, with tho English mails via San Francisco to January 25, is duo at Auckland to-day; ?/.'/.'^ójnxATiqss for Mudgee and tho Upper Hunter 'wcro , made on Saturday. For tho first named con i'rtituency Messrs. A.G.Taylor and John M'Elhone .proposed. For the Upper Ilunter the candidates ''nominated wore Messrs. Wilshire, Fitzgerald, Bowman, ;*nd'M'Élhone. Tho polling in both electorates takes ?place to-morrow. S' WIIEST tho Estimates wore under consideration in the ,'legislative Assembly, on Friday, Mr. Griffiths directed 0 attention to tho necessity for a number of publia works : st Woodburn, on the Richmond liivor. In the report, Woodburn wn3 printed Woodville. Mr. Copeland Boid , that ho was aware of tho requirements of the district , -montionod'by tho hon. mcmbor, and that ho would give , ,tho. matter his consideration. .' ' OI'EKATIO^S at tho Austral on Saturday wore con fined to tho work of partly stripping off tho coffer-dam, 're-flxii)g some o£ tho pumps in a lower position, and M,cleaning up tbono portion,; of. tba ship which have boon ."?'olöiirod of water. Tho Austral'ia still in the samo ""p'osition'as whoa abo was grounded on Thursday. Shois ','>in a soft .bod of mud and sand, and rests on an oven : ;kèel in a perfeotly safe position. On Saturday and i.dttring.tho wbolo of yesterday Neutral Bay was visited by" aa enormously largo number of persons ^oháióúo to seo ibu long-sunken vessel in her new condition^ The raisin;; of tho Austral has brought ;';qu'ito a htirVcflt to th« excursion steamet*. The trips ' th'oy ranko aro aliórt-incroly liam tho Circular Quay, round Neutral Bay, and back again to tho quay--and "thoy lill mp with passengers ahr.nat every trip. It is ^Btated'thaC on Tueuday ouo, if not moro, of the steamers oleared an nverago of £lö «n hour by thoso trips. iTorday work ut tho pumps and tho coffer-dam will bo ^'continuo'd.'and'.if eullieiently advanced it' is proboblo . ;.that an otfort will bo made to-morrow at high tido 'between 8 and _V'lengths further un tho bay, and ground ber in shallower . water. .... ' . ''TUB '' weather on Saturday and yesterday was in ...marked contrast to that on the two preceding dr.ys. " Tho sky was almost eloudloEs.iand light north- east winds . .jtempored tlie aun's rays, BO that walking or riding in tho sunshine was a pleasure and an outing of any kind, .Jwhether by tram, train, or steamer, was mado doubly -enjoyable Tho mornings and evenings have been cool, >-Jwitu juBt enough of tho wintry fool in the atmosphere tp( indicnto tho approach of tho cold season. ??'\ ' Tau evening of Thursday, the 15th instant, has boen definitely fixed by tho Sydney Liedertafel qs that upon / which their next social meeting for ladies and gentle ?''"?inon is to tato placo ; and tho Protestant Hal), being t tho largest aviúiablo building, has been seourod for the i'( occasion. " : 'O;: SAÏCJÏDAY hoing tho last dav of term, the admis > ¡sion of, (solicitera was moved ia the Supremo Court *'.flitting . in "Banco. The Equity appeal of Walker v. i-flTlriilr, atnnila.üitiniirnnd unfit ii»Tt t/>r.n , Tm; Quarter SefsionB at Darlinghurst wero continued "' jon'Saturday morning before Mr. District Court Judge y fowling,, Mr. Healy representing tho Crown. Josoph Hood, convicted on Friday of stealing in a dwelling at i.Terara, and Owen Dockeity, found guilty of inüicting .'.grievous bodily-harm, wore sentonccd, Hood to six « J .'monillo'imprisonment in Maitland Guol, Dockerty to 12 months', in Darlinghurst:. Elizabeth M acfarlanc, charged * -with bigamy, was acquitted by his Honor's direction, tho , Çjçown failing to provo that she know her husband to ;bo'alivo at the time of her second marriage. Mary ; Murphy [Was charged with larceny, but the jury found her not guilty without leaving tho box. ? ; ' Til« eommittoe of tho Wiiarfago Improvement As60 ''.Ration will meet at 40, nunter-streot, at Uo'clook this ^afternoon. Their object will bo to consider competitive . i-plan» for improving tho wharfage accommodation of 9-''the port. These plans wero called l'or in November! , nndjaix have boon sent in, livo of which oro from local *u'designers, and ono of waioh is from Now Zealand, Tho prize for tho best plan is £150, and for the second best ; . .£¡50,. As all the plans are of an elaborate character, and me accompanied by- rathor lengthened details, it is ' ? .earcelyprobable that a deoision with regard to them can ba arrived at immediately, although no timo will be '.^jlost in' dealing with' thom. In connection with this ''-'subject,"; A.Competitor " has written to us suggesting ' that in seleeting plana the eonimittoo should be assisted 'U-lbj! professional engineers. 'À i'uiiLic mooting.of thorosidents of livo Dock took ¿¡j.plapo¡ on.Saturday afternoon to ocnsidortbo question of urging tho Government to ¿stand the tram line .ta that ! ?U township.,, HeBolutioQB wero. passed.to the effect that a, j petition ba presented to the Hon. Henry Copeland, re questing him to have the tram line (now haine coa \- % strùctod alorfg the Parramatta-road) extended to l'iv Dock, viii Nortoniètroût' and tho Dobroyd Estate, uni tl)ut tho mombers for the district be aekcd to hand th petition to tho Minister. A report of tho meeting wii be lound in another column. Tim fiicond annual meeting of St. Paul's Prosbyteria Church, Balmain West, waa held last Wodnesdoy. Th chuir waB occupied by the Hov. George Grimm, ministe of the congregation. Tho Bovoral roports which wer read embraced a period pf 15 mouths, in accordanc with last General Assembly's resolution, whioh wa passed for tho purposo of making tho ecclesiastioa correspond with tho civil year. It was shown by th report of the Kirk Session that tho membership ha< considerably increased, and that tho Sabbath sohooi wai also in a prosperous condition-tho teaohers being ~( in number, and tho children on tho roll amounting ti 20.;. The report of tho committee of management a!s< indicated satisfactory progress. Tho chief itoms ii tho financial otatemcnt wcro as follows:-Seat rents £102 lüe. ; collections, &J;ö'2 lila. 'JIU. ; ouitenta fiori fund, £00 loa. -ld. ; manse building fund, £87( Io's.-making a total .of £10UT Kia. Od. On thi motion of Mr. John Clubb, seconded by M. T. Parkhill tho thanks of thu meeting were accorded to tho com mittce of management. AT tho Coast Hospital, Littlo Bay, Mr. Craig ii roported to bu out of danger, afr. M'ÜJure has consider .ably improved, and thc Chinese patients aro all doinj ?well. The people in quarantine at North Head aro ro ported to bo wei). Thoro is nothing fresh to relati ...ith regard to tho immigrant vessel Iloslin Castle, ox' cept that the ningle girls were all landed on Soturdaj morning, and taken to the immigration depot, Hyde Park. It is probable that the remainder of the imml grants will bb landed in a couplo of days should the weathor keep fine. OXE of our cabio messages of Thursday stated that tho appoal to the Privy Counoil in tho eas« of Miles v. M'llwraith bas been dismissed, with costs. Tho L'risbnne Courier publishes, tho following briof history of tho case:-"The action was brought by Mr. William Milos, M.L.A., under tho Constitution Act, to recovor penalties against tho Premier in conse qtionco of the latter huving, as was ullegod, . sat and voted ' in tho Asaembly whilo being a contractor with tho Govornmont. The alleged contract con- sisted of a charter party for tho conveyance of immigrants to this colony by tho ship Scottish lloro, of which tho defendant was part - owner. Tho ca9o was originally tried before his Honor Mr. Justice Harding and a jury, on tho 22nd AugUB*, ISSI. The jury, in answer to cortain questions put to them, found, amongst other things, that the chatter party roforrod to was mado by Messrs, M'llwraith, M'Eaohcrn, and Co., on behalf ? of tho owners of the Scottish lloro; that it was not made without authority from tho owners of that vca'sol; that the defendant, as a matter of fact, sat and voted on tho days mentionod ia the etutomcnt of claim, when -tho charter party waa in oxistonco; but tho jury did not know whether tho defendant was aware of its legal effects, and there was no ovidenco to show that he sat and voted ' presumptuously,' tho words ot the act being ' presume to sit and vote.' Tho jury also "found that the charter party was made oontrarv tn thu nvnrocn rllrnpt.lnnn nf fhn nnfonrlnnt.. Upon tho flndiuga of tho jury, tho Judge enteret judgmont for tho defendant. Tho plaintiff then appliet to tho Full Court for a rulo nisi for tho roversal ot tb> judgmont or for a now trial, -which tho Court rcfusod Tho principal contention of tho defendant all throng! tho caee wa? that to render him liable to penalties thon must have beon on his part knowledgo of tho charte) party and its cfloct, and that as mich kcowledgo hac not been shown ho wns not responsible. Tho Courl decided in favour of this viow of tho question. Th« plaintiff appealed to tho Privy Council against th< judgment of tho Full Court refusing tho rule nisi, ant tho former tribunal bas now upheld that dechnon. Thc dofendant has therefore been successful all through thc action." " TKIKU as Puru Cold, and othor Talos," is a volunto of short stories bj- Mrs. Chads, a Victorian authoress Tho talos vary very much in merit, como being common placo whilo others are abovo mediocrity, but in all, thc authoress has endeavoured to infuso a healthy tone ot pure religious feeling, at tho same timo avoiding thc danger of making her stories "goody." Whilo there is no evidence of brilliant writing in the book, some ol the tales display considerable dramatic power, and observation of human nature, and all of thom »re well worth reading. One of the stories, " The Haunted Grange," is full of 'dramatic interest, and contains ample materials for a thre» volume novel. Tho book, which is dodicated hy pormiision to the Governor oí Victoria, is published by Messrs. Cameron, Laing, and Co., Melbourne. SINCE the lamentable death by drowning of Mr. Holdsworth and Mr, Hill in tho ocean off Monly on Monday last atronuoua efforts have been made to recoves their bodies, but, unfortunately, those offorts havo not been crowned with any success. Constable Skinnor, of tho wator police, together with a party of four other men specially ongaged, have baan working hard both day and night with a view of Unding traces of tho bodies. They have searched along thc coast in boats for two or three miles around, risking many dangers, and havo usod overy endeavour to lind them, but up to yesterday afternoon, when the soared was given up ns hopeless, they had not discovered a singlo trace of either. Tho bolo in which the bodice were supposed to havo boen tukon by moana of n whirlpool, was thoroughly examined by Conatablo Skinner and party, and thoy roport that no sign of tho bodies was to bo Been in it. Tho conjooturo formed with regard to the bodieo buing tiiken out to sea by the strong uudor-currcnt is now pretty well confirmed, and it is not intended to mako any further soarch for the present When Constable Skinner entered the water on Monday with the greater portion of hie clothing on ha very narrowly escaped being drowned, and it waa only through his having quickly divested himsolf of what clothes ho was thou wearing, and making a determined olTort to reach tho shore, that he escapod. Tho effect which tho under-ourront would havo with rogard to the bodies will be readily understood when it is stated that the clothes which Constable Skinner divested him- self of having sunk they were talton out to sea imme ilintolv nnd Inst niMifc nf. THE City Coroner held an inquest on Saturday after- noon at the Prince Alfred Hospital with regard to the death of a man named William Bone. The deceased shot himself with a revolver in Victoria Park on the 1st instant, and was removed by the police, to whom the matter was reported, to the hospital soon afterwards. Some time ago the deceased was arrested by the police in a low mental condition, and kept in custody for a period of 14 days in order to receive medical treatment. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the de ceased met his death through a wound inflicted by himself. A YOUNO man named James Molloy, 23 . years of ogo, met with o terrible accident at the railway station, liodfern, on Saturday morning. The deocased was omployed in the gasworks, attached to tho station, and he had just completod the process of supplying a carriage with gas, which operation necessitated his getting underneath tho vehicle. Ile was in the act of crossing a lino neighbouring the one on which tho carriage stood, having only come from underneath tho vehicle, whoa ho was knocked down by como other carriages, which were being ohuntod, cud run over. An alarm was given as ipoedily as possible, but not beforo sis carriages hod passed over the unfortunate man's body, mangling it terribly, when tho carriages weroatoppod through the ap- plication of tho brakes. His body was taken out as soon as possible from underneath tho carriages, when it was* found that life was oxtinct. Tho body w-aa removed to tho South Sydney Morgue by Constable Maloney, la the afternoon the City Coroner initiated an inquost on tho remains, at tho Commercial Hotel, Elizabeth-' street South. Henry Buchanan, a boy, 12 years of age, deposod that he witnessed the accident; he first saw thedeceased emerge from under- neath a carriage ; at the eame moment he saw a number of carriages joined together approaching him on a difforont lino to that from which the de- ceased came ; ho attompted to cross tho other lino, and was knocked down by tho first carnage, and the other .onus parsed over his body ; he did not know how many there wera ; there was no engine attached to them ; the carriages were empty ones ; an engine which had been shunting thu carriages was standing a little dis- tance bohiud them ; witness BU W the deceased about to1 i attempt to cross tho track, and he signalled to the driver j of tho ongine to stop, but it was thoa too late' to save him from being knocked down; witness afterwards wont to ono of the shunters and told him of the ocou: renee, ond the latter immediately proceeded to rendí assietanco; the deceased was faoing the carriages, an whon ho attempted to cross in front of them ho w: only a distance of a yard and a-hali from them ; ti carriages were moving slowly ; tkoio waa no- ono koo| iiig a look-out on tho first carriage. Constablo Molong having been examined with regard to tho removal c tho body, tho inquest was adjourned until this inornin at .0 o'clock. The woman Elizabeth Wagner, who was shot with revolver by a man named. John Cosgrove on Thura da. last, in Exeter-place, died in tho hospital from tho effect of her wound, on Saturday. Cosgrove was brought befor tho Control Polios Court on Friday, charged with hàvin, attempted to murdor the woman, and the caso wa remanded until Friday noxt, as tho prosccutrix was rio then in a fit condition to appear to givo evidence. Th City Coroner will hold on inquest on tho body tb i morning, at hia office. O.v tho 27th ultimo a man named Sainnol llalpii went to tho No. 2 Police Station,. stating that ho wai ill and without friends. Ho was taken by the polio to the Prince Alfred Hospital, whoro he died yesterday In the hope that eonio ono who may hayo known hin may givo information to the police concerning him, wi publish the following description :-About 3t5 year« ol age, low stature, sallow complexion, thin wasted appear ance, short dark whiskers ; dressed in dark coat ant trousers and blaok hard felt hat. A unix girl namod Mary Jane Piel was taken tc tho hospital ou Saturday, suffering from a fracturo of the right leg. She met with tho accident whon en- deavouring to scale a lenco on tho samo day. AN important caso was, on Friday (says tho Goulburn Herald,), heard ot tho Collector Police Court, involving a question of somo interest to freo selectors and Crown tenants. Tho plaintiff, Clara Reddall! sued defendant, Patrick "Neville, to recover the coat of 2(J8rodsof fenoing, valued nt 2s. 3d. per rod, which was situated upon land conditionally purchased by Novillo, whioh land woa formerly a part of tho plaintiff's pro-emp tivo loaso. The proceedings wore taken under tho loth section of the Crown Lands Acta Further Amendmont Act of 1SS0. Mr. A. M. Letts appoarod for the plain- tiff. Several witnesses wero examined for tho plaintiff, and the defendant govs evidence on his own behalf, contending that tho foncing was of no valuo to him. After a somewhat lengthened hearing, tho llonoh gave a vordict for the plaintiff in tho sum of £30 8e" with, professional and court costs. Os the cancellation of Dinga Dinga aa a polling place, tho Cootamundra Herald remarks :-"By doin¡ away with the polling booth at Dinga Dinga, Bom voters will have to'travel a distance of 20 milos t< vote. The necessity for maintaining either Dingi Dinga or Cootamundra as a polling-place for Young i made by the fact that that electorate stretches right floros tho back of Cootamundra and within a few miles of tb town. "We on this side have frequently tried to remedy the matter by suggesting. an amondment of th< boundary line." At certain regular intervals there is published in the Government Gazette a long list of articles which have been left in carriages on the Government railways, and in every such list one partioular article is always in cludod a great many times. The article in question (observes tho Albury Banner) is a lunch or dinner bag but it is always described in the Gazette as a " grub bag." In the Gazette of Tuesday last the word " grub bag " ocour« over 50 times, and without any afioctatioi of fastidiousness, we desire to enter a protest againsi this official recognition of a slang term as a propoi English phrase. TUE Hobart Mercury states that Mr. Harvey Patter son, a visitor from Corona, Now South Wales, has had a vory successful day's fishing on tho Derwent abovo New Norfolk, catching tho following:-1 browi: trout, weighing 01b.; 1 eilve'r-speckled brown trout, forwarded for our uso, and which we can pronounce as of excellent ilavour, of 71b,; 1 brown trout, of . 2Mb. 3 brown trout, eaoh of ¿lb. ; 1 brown trout, of 8-Jlb. j 4 salmon trout, of 31b. eaoh. All these fish, with th« exception of tbe iirst-inoutioued, wete caught with tbe ily, the 91b, trout being tallou with tho spinning bait. . Tu HUE can bo vory little doubt (observes tho Scuth Australian lieyistcr) altor tho results of the past busy soaaon on tko livers that South Australia id gradual^' securing more and moro of tho trade with tho extensive and productive Biverina districts, and. that every yest tho advantages of her geographical position are becom- ing moro strongly felt. Much hos boon done- though not . all that is roqnired-to attract the river trado to our ports, and tho good results of one of tho most im- portant works which has only recently been largely availed af have been of the most striking character. Daring tho past seaton a far larger quantity of wool has boen sent down the river to South Australian ports, and .a far larger quantity of goods sent up, than during any previous corresponding period, and apart from tho consideration thai this result is in some measure duo to the early closing of the Echuca routo and the con- tinued favourable state of tho lower Murray, wo are informed that the great bulk of the wool sent down the Darling to. this colony was forwarded hore by the ?pocial instructions of the owners, who aro gradually recognising that in this colony special facilities aro offered' thom. All other things hoing equal, we aro told by those who aro in a position to give trust- worthy information that a largo number of the squatters on tho Darling will in future olect to have their dealings with South Australia. Tho belief is confidently expressed that even when tho river is tapped by tho Now South Wales railways, Port Victor will always have tho largest proportion of tho wools intended for shipment direct home, and thut tho pros- pects of South Australia will bo still, furthor improved when inducements are ciïorod to the Biverina wool growers to send their wools to this oolony for eale, instead of their being obliged) as at present, to make 1 Sydnoy or Melbourne their markets. I THE Western Australian gives tho following, brief account of the trip of Mr. Durack and party across Kimberley :-" They started from Cambridge Gulf iii September and reached tho settlement on the Fitzroy in jSfóvombér. Thèy íound that tho Ord river-which they did not trace , to its motith-and several "other streams were running, notwithstanding that .thore had been no general rain for about two j-ears, although thev observed that thundor showers had fallen in places dur- ing this period pf drought. It is hiost satisfactory tb lind that our own exploreras' report is substantiated, not as to the act uni abundance of grass that they found, but as to tho character of tho country and soil, which is just.such as they know will produco feed suitable for sheep and cattle. In this consists thc inestimable valuo of getting the report of an cxporioiicod maa. A person who had not been conversant with tho nature Of Central Australia would have very probably condemned tho country and discredited Mr, A. Forrest's report be- cause the land appeared parched and bare of grass ; but the experienced eyes of such men as Messrs. Durack and'Gilfoyle-mon oapable of detecting tho evidence of oxeelloncd,and of imagining thecouutry as it would bo in a good season, enabled them to arrivo at a conclusion which: they consider justiíieá Mr. Forrest's report. Some of the country they found to be very similar to that on Cooper's Creek, which for fattening, qualities cannot be surpassed. This report, it must bo considered, is highly satisfactory, second only in importance to that of Mr. Forrest himself. So satis lied aro the4.o. gentle- men that they havo . announced their intention of. immediately starting 6tock ovorloud from Queensland -not a ilook or two of 'sheep, but from 20,000 to 30,00.0 young owes, a'. couple .''of thousand heifers, and , some hundreds of horEOs. . Tho oxplorora found .the country about. Cambridge Gulf very rough for lauding but not impracti- cable, nnd it is there: they propoao to establish their port pending the discovory pf a bettor. 'They were 12'weeks getting through from the Gulf to thc statioa of tho kimberley Pastoral Company. Nntives they'found very plentiful the whole way through. With the ap- pearance of the stook they express themselves'highly ploaàed, thoir , condition and that of the wool being most.encouraging. ' Tho climato' they describo as hot' excessively hot, the beat at Port Darwin in July being grouter than any sinoo experienced." I . . A FnBX.cn, chemist claims to have1 discovered a method of overcoming tho danger threatening vineyards from the ravages of the phylloxera. .. His process is to. inocúlente', the vines with the phenol poison. Tho phjlloxora do not attack plants thus treated,' and aro extirpated ¡for] want pf food. The vibes; aro ia no way injuredby the.inoculation urneeis. ' , "':,'.'?'< ' THE London Haily Telegraph exclaims,'-^'''A', now opponent of 'Sáxoñ'rule ' has cullie' to the 'surface'' in Galway. Tho 'ghost'of Myles Joyce, ono of the Maamtrnsna murderers, has taken up hie quarters in tho county gao!. Tho fact must be eo, since it has been reported, and, what ie more, sent to England by telejraph. To tho lrisi, of cour.o, an ordi- nary ghost moro or less io of no importance ; there aro so muny in the land of the Bansheo, tho Loproeaun, and * good people ' without number. But the presentment of Myles is s political apparition, who has returned to make life a burden to the authorities. Now such a transcendental phenomenon is really too formidable. What is to bo done ? Ho, or it, cannot be arrested, hold to bail, or imprisoned when ho ' re- visits tho glimpses of the moon.' Over his intangible visibility the Coercion Act has no power, and ho takes espeoinl delight in violating tho Curfew olauees, Thero is nothing for it but to send down tho Payohioal Society to reason with him. Tho ¿tory goes that ho has already so terrified the matron end warders that they have applied for a transfer to.some unhaunted gaol. Moreover, 'ho is not afraid of tho armed myrmidons of tho Saxon, for in tho shape of n 'tall, mysterious figure'-the description ehows that Myles has grown in his grave-he not only visitod two soldiers on guard outsido the prison, but had the temority to handlo their riiles. This ia most serious, einco thero is more than a probability that some stolid Tommy Atkins on duty will, ono of thoso nights, teat tho nature ,of the visitant by a bomo-tbrmit with tho bayonet. Tho agitators munt be hard up when they set ailoat such ridiculous gossip among n people prone to superstition ; but since oitr Government has managed to exorcise tho demon of Fenianism, it may fairly bo trusted to lay-tho phantom of an executed murderor.1 ' ' TUE floods' in Badon have boon most disastrous. Th correspondent of the i'ranltfort Journal gives ai account of a voyage ho made with a. rolio: party. The firot vilJago they reached was calle« Friosonheini, and thoro they rescued a number of per sons. Houses wero continually fulling in.. Then the] went to Oppau ; and in both pinces they distributed pro visions'fe the starving people. Ht-re again houeei wore crashing in, und tho eries for help were terrible t( hear. But they had to hurry on, organising rolioi parties in each place they visited, making tho most ol tho precious daylight while it louted. At h^lf-past í in tho ovoning they returned worn-out to Friosonheim but found tho river Btill rising. Tho corrc6pondem fails to compute tho loss of life ; but ia tho neighbour hood ho visited it seemed to bo about lo. In ono cast ' fathor, mothor, and sis childron wero all drownod. Ir another case five porsona tried to escapo on a floating waggon, but they, too, wore sucked into tho rushing ; waters. In another caoo SOO persons wero ' rescued ' from a flooded village by tho.bravo exertions of a row> ing club. TUB proportion of foroign horses entered for tho great thrce-yeor-old raceo in England at the present time (says an English paper) is much tho same cs il has boen for- the last few years, for while there wore 110 out of a total of 781 in tho Two Thousand and One Thousand Guineas, the Derby, tho Oak», and St. Leger last eeaeon', thero are 123 out of 803 in the same five races this Bcason. The 'foreign entries oro , mado up almost entirely of French nnd American horses, though there oro a few Gorman and Austro-Hungarian colts in the Dorby and tho St. Leger, end one Russian colt in tho Doncaster race. There aro nineteen French and Americans out of a total entry of 101 in the Two Thousand Guineas, eight out of au entry of seventy in the One Thousand Guineas, thirty-four out of an entry of ¿MO in tho Derby, nineteen out of an ontry of 109 in tho Oaks, and thirty-one out of an entry of 223 in the St. Leger. THE action of tho British Govornmont in quelling the rebellion in Egypt has been criticised in a hostile spirit in an unexpected quarter. Lord Charles Beresford, who has been eulogised for the gallant part he took in tho bombardment of Aloxandtiu, has written a long letter to tho Times in defence of Arahi Bey, in which he de- clares that the " National" movement had tho sympathy of many officers of the invading force, as it had tho sympathy of the Egyptian people. Lord Beres- ford gives a summary of recent events in Egypt, and thinke tho question may be asked, "" Whoro was England's justification for the late military operations in E;rypt '^-Operations-which many think were undertaken against, a party who wero morely agitating for reforms, the necessity for which is allowed on all sides. Can tho justification bo that it was necessary to continu» tim uolicc- in&iitrurnted.hv; tho loto Government, which aimed at securing a stronger hold of the Suez Canal ? If so, why did not England put this forward as her roason for hostilities, instead of stating that sho was only quelling a rebellion tho causes of which she did not pause to fairly inquire into ? If the lato hostilities wore not undertaken to support tho policy roforred to, it must surely be thought that, without sufficient cause, England drifted into a war cs arbitrary as unnecessary." Tho Figaro, ià reference to the letter, observes,-" To say . tho least of it it was indiscreet. Kot that ho hat nota right to possess his personal opinion os to the advis- ability of tho Egyptian war, but certainly it would havn been better had the commander of n.M. gunboat Condor refrained from insinuating that tho wholo of our interference in Egypt has been a mistake ; that ÍB the viow my Lords tako of it, according to report. If it is becoming for Lord Charlea Beresford to eriticiso in tho papers tho war he helped BO pluckily to wage, it is clear that ovory other naval ollicer ongagod at Alexan- dria may undortnko the same functions. Imagino the resnit of all of them writing in a similar strain to tho Times on the eamo day." \- Mn. Ai.EXANDjjn JAMES DODDS, solioitor, of No. 8, Blifih-r.trcor, Sydney,' han been uppointed by his Honor Sir Charles Lilly, V.J. "of (íuusnelnua, a Coinniipslnuer of the Supremo Court of thnt colony, for taking ollidavits, &c;, in New öouth Wales. THE following is tho report nf tho Prince Alfred Ilosnital for tho week ending 4th March :-Number of in-pationta ut lust report, 08 males, SOfemuIos-total, U8 ; nincq admitted, 10 males, t) females-total, 1U; discharged, ll nuilee. G females-total, 17; died, 3; romuiniug in hospital on 4th March, 1883, Gi males, 33 fournies-total, 07. 