W4M' The House has met, and Sir John Robertson, as leader of the Opposition, has tacked his colours to the mast by a nastier speech than his good nature usually permits 1lim to make about the financial position of the Government. ' You have not got so much money as we left you,' says Sir John, ' and you will have etill less in* year or two. I told you how it would be. There is but one way of keeping a full treasury and a contented people : that is, by selling land.' me answer to this sort of thing is clear as easy, of course : What will you do when all the land is sold ? But Sir John docs not 'fash himsel'' to find an answer to that question. He pulls his silver beard and mur murs, ' In coelo quies.' It is not a very noble creed for such an otherwise worthy old man, and there will be very littlequiet in this colony if by any chance the policy should hold and an inevitable bursting-up policy begin, which would make of us another Ireland. And there is to be a resolute effort to make another Ireland of us by-and-by. There is to be an Irish convention in Melbourne, to which delegates are in vited from all Australian cities. We do not like this convention. We know that it can do no good ; we feel that it ought not to be tolerated ; and yet it must be tolerated as a part of the price we pay for national and individual liberty. It will be a firebrand con vention, and will multiply firebrands throughout the land ; it will not further its proper object one jot, but it will hinder the proper object of every proper Australian. Singular enough, to obtain decent people to head his convention Mr. Redmond has to travel to Queensland, and there hooks the Hon. Dr. Doherty and Mr. John Macrossan. These good gen tlemen *feel constrained to go down and fulminate. Is it the parable of the pine, the cedar, and the bramble over again, or is it absolutely necessary to go to a far land for a king ? 'Would Messrs. Macrossan and Doherty sit at an Irish convention in their own ?cityP or do they go to Melbourne because it is con veniently remote r Poor Ireland ! There was another patriot standing upon the quay a day or two ago, expatiating upon the wrongs and woes of his race ; and he said : ' It is not myself I care for at all, at all. It's clane I am and dacent I am, and vrid two Sundays in every week ; but it's my poor owld divil of a father is neither clane nor dacent, and has ivery day for Sunday, for all good he gits from thim.' Is there power in the universe to make the ordinary ?wharf loafer and labourer happy? Who ever saw him happy at work or at rest? He growls while he turns the winch or carries the skips ; he growls while he sits upon a log and talks about the hard luck that keeps back the ships. The bona tide Tagrant is happy whenever his stomach is full and his back lies evenly upon some space of mother earth ; but in the composition of too many working men there is just enough of the vagrant to breed misery, with no compensating balance of contentment. They have not the faintest idea of duty in labour — indeed that word '? duty ' is practically obsolete amongst the working men of to-day. They regard labour as something wrung out of them 'for a wage which was honestly won by some antenatal labour in which they were in bo way concerned, or as accompanying the simple fact of existence. This notion must be at the root of all the folly which vexes the world just now ; but always side by side with it is another folly, born of the selfishness of the employer ; and the products of the two may be seen in two separate instances, both with us in the present time. « In Sydney the labourers employed by the Railway Departmenthavevery properly sought for and obtained the eight-hour system ; but in working this system they say, ' It is necessary for us to have two breaks ; we cannot accomplish the eight hours of labour with out two spells— the one for breakfast, the other for dinner.' Poor fellows, how the men of the bush why labour 12 hours at the shearing and 14 at the harvest must pity them. It is utterly impossible to work four hours without repose in a Government work shop, is it ? How does the navvy do it in the cut ting—the miner in the shaft? These railway men have not the ghost of a cause. Their opposition savours of impertinence rather than strength. Their plea and trouble come from their own unwilling folly ; they have no notion of doing their plain and easy duty. The other case to be quoted is that of the navvies on the Homebu&h; and Waratah lines. It is probable that there are hardly enough navvies in the country to do the work which the Go vernment of the country has resolved shall immedi ately be done. At any rate, we see contractors in much haste to get men on their works ; we see adver tisements in half the papers of the colonies inviting nien to come here and come there, and promising them large advantages upon their arrival. And the men come and have scarcely completed a month's work when up goes a murmur of dissatisfaction. ' We Were seduced here under false pretences; we were Setting 8s. or 9s. per day at Armidale or ?Dubbo, you have brought us down here, and you offer us 6s. or 7s.' Worse still : from some others is head the complaint, ' You invited us o come here with our horses, and having come you have nothing for us to do ; we have to sell our horses *o carry our bodies back.' The questions the con tractors would oblige by answering are:— Did you state in any advertisement the rate of wages you Were prepared to pay, or did you wait till the men ?were upon the ground before fixing the rate — and, again, Having enough men with horses on the ground, did you make haste to prevent others from co^ing ? And behind these comes another question Which will certainly wait in vain for an answer : — *s the country paying eight and nine, or six and B£V?a s^^'1gs per day for the railway labour ? We shall never know that, but this do we know, that no speculators in the community have put together *-ig fortunes with more ease and rapidity than the great railway contractors. .,?*? National Park picnic wound up the recess, and th *}ICMC *ound occasion for much eloquence, and «ie eloquence, as frequently happens, has opened the £oor of controversy. Sir John went at length into the *«tory of ^g ifational Park- and desired to give Sifr v ite Te8er™tion to Mr. James Manning. But '» John was guilty of one or two lapses of memory in »r~ Btatements, and now, as a man from a forgotten waie, out comes Mr. James Manning with all the facts. Mr. Manning says he found the National Park when out hunting for a railway route to the Wollon gong coal ; but he did not find it for a park — he wanted it for a water reserve. Mr. FaraeU proclaimed it a water reserve; that was the beginning of it. But in telling of this discovery, Mr. jlaiminga U$ tells of how he found a railway route, which went ' right past many of the newly-blazed trees of Sir John Robertson and Mr. Stuart's coal selections, for no other reason than because we found it to be by far the best line, though more expen sive in the first instance.' Why should Mr. Manning introduce that term ' For no other reason r ' Who suspects any other reason ? 'Who, after the most minute examination of the new railway route, the route of the Illawarra Railway now about to be con structed, with all its proposed deviations, would sus pect any other reason than that it was so constructed because it was best for the country ? If he be a man of guileless mind he may study the whole of Mr. A. Stuart's late and early coal selections about that line and still hold fast to his idea. Doubtless there are few sporting men who do not remember the finish of the last steeplechase onRaud wick, when Song6ter was such a very strong favourite with only 2 to 1 against him. It -was, next to the Metropolitan, the greatest betting race of the meet ing, and the gentle and confiding public piled their sovereigns on in a remarkably brisk fashion. It was a significant fact that, although the 'piling' con tinued for a considerable time, there was from first to last Songster money to be obtained. The public were quite right in their judgment. The horse could have won easily, if ? . There are so many ifs about racing. In the case in ques tion, King, simple innocent jockey that he is, finished on the wrong course. The committee of the club, deeming it a mistake, took no action, but out siders shook their heads and fingers were placed on noses, and sundry nods and winks indulged in. Now, it transpires that Mr. King did something at a recent Victorian meeting which, not being regarded as a mistake, Mr. King vras disqualified for three months. He was on another occasion a hot favourite in a hurdle race. Three to one was laid on his mount, for there was only one other starter, a slow horse and a bad jumper. The slow horse won by half a length, while King sat on his steed as quietly as he should were the winning post a mile off. Of course it is quite upon the cards that the horse was beaten fairly, but King is so un lucky in his mounts ! It makes one sad to think that this climate in the spring months is so enervating. I know dozens of oidinarily strong, lusty fellows who at present feel so much cast down that nothing short of a change of air will restore them to normal vigour. Then doctors, ttfo, strange to say, all agree upon one line of treat ment. ' A change somewhere, say in the south. A trip to Melbourne, for instance. Go by sea and return by rail ; a few weeks will leave you a different man.' Poor sufferers ! Many of them, too, will be in Mel bourne about the Cup time, one of the worst seasons for invalids, hotels and lodgings being crowded and living generally expensive. Better a trip, however, than a scries of funerals ; and I might ask the some what trite question, 'What is life without health V' Jones's brother is keen as a woolsorter, but not particularly good at figures. He was speaking of the fleeces borne by those Vermont sheep. His friend expressed the opinion that in scouring they would lose 70 or SO per cent. ' Lose 70 !' said Jones ; ' by Jove! they'll lose 130!' As a good, sensible, courteous, and manly speech, worthy of the close perusal of all classes, but especially our public men, I can confidently recommend the one recently made by Mr. W. G. Murray, at the last meeting of the Wharfage Improvement Association. With regard to the association's wharfage scheme, he says: 'All great schemes have to encounter opposi tion and criticism, but I am not sure but this is a great benefit both to those who project and 'to those who oppose. It cannot fail to bring about a fuller under standing of the objects desired by the projectors. There are two kinds of critics and criticism, that may be designated the friendly and the hostile ; and these again may be subdivided into the indolent triendly, actively hostile. We cannot choose who shall be on our side, but must be prepared to accept adherents of all shades of opinion. We must try to conciliate the hostile, to rouse the indolent, and gain over to the cause clitics of whatever kind. Upon this question we want definite opinions, definite help, and, if we must face it, definite critics and enemies. In this, as in most other matters, an active but honest enemy is preferable to a lukewarm indolent friend. Let us say to all who oppose our scheme, ? Let us hear what you have to say ; we invite criticism ; if you have good reasons for your opposition, or what appear to you good, we beg you to state them. Have you a scheme which you think preferable to ours ? — then pray let us hear what it is.' ' Let us contrast these expressions with koine which we too often hear from certain would-be leaders, who, when they make up their mind, set their feet down and declare that from that po&ition; they will not stir. With such men remonstrance is useless, and advice from any but their own cliques a thing to be abhorred or sneered at. If our public men bore the Murray stamp, it is possible that our railways would ere this have penetrated the city, our public edifices would be placed in suitable positions, our land and other laws would be more equitable and more conducive to our prosperity. There would not be so much wran gling, and there would be much more work performed. Who will dare to say that we are not becoming a thoroughly go-ahead race ? We have now the an nouncement that the Port Jackson Steamship Com pany offer a free pats on their steamers for a term of five years to each person Mho builds a house valued at over £1000 at Manly. This much resembles making a present of the value of £100, for, at Is. per day, the fares would in the time specified amount to that sum. Yet the directors of the company know what they are about. The man who builds the house is not likely to be an old bachelor, or, supposing him to be of that unhappy brotherhood, he is likely to have sisters, coubins, or aunts. If a family man builds there are the wife, the family, the mothers-in-law, the friends and relatives, one and all passengers for the company's boats. The free pass, therefore, is merely the sprat thrown to catch bigger fish. If all the quacks who succeed in making a good living in Australia were placed in the market, there would be a dire fall in poultry. They are everywhere, and are more than ordinarily plentiful in this city. Ihe latest exposure of their tricks, however, comes from Albury. There a certain doctor received from, a resident the rather heavy fee of £2 10s. for a prescription to cure sandy blight. Said or wrote the doctor : ' Take a chicken, cut the foot, and with the blood obtained mix certain powders, and apply the mixture to the eyes.' Possibly more good and much less harm would result if the confiding patient had rubbed his forehead with a brick. Any chemist for one-twentieth part of the sum could have given a mixture more calculated to do good. There is a female quack not far from this city who makes from, her practice quite as much as any qualified medical practitioner of the city. Here is one of her prescriptions to a patient who had a bad aim : ' Steal a fat dog, skin it, and apply the warm skin to your arm.' The man did so, and fancied that ne received some benefit. 