A THRILLING ADVENTURE. Some years ago I had occasion to take a long journey to the North—a journey which would involve my travelling all night. A few days before I had received an invitation from a friend of mine who lived at a town which I had to pass, to dine and stay the night at his house—it would prove a pleasant break in the monotony of the journey. I resolved, therefore, to arrange matters so as to ar- rive at the house in time for dinner and proceed to my destination next morning. When the day arrived I was very busy; so after a hurried lunch I picked up a few necessaries and rushed off to the station, where I arrived with just a minute to spare. I asked for my train, which the conductor pointed out, adding "If you don't hurry up sir, you'll loose it." I took this advice and jumped into the nearest car, the door of which stood open, and in which there was but one occupant. I settled myself for my journey, and for the first time I had the leisure to observe my fellow traveller. Now, I rather pride my- self on being a judge of physiognomy, and my first impressions of him were, the reverse of pleasant. He was evidently a fidgety, restless sort of man. He had restless grey eyes, without much expres- sion in them, while his hair and beard were of a reddish hue. He was dressed in a long ulster, which I thought quite un- necessary, for though it was late in the year the weather was by no means cold. There was on the seat beside him a small oaken box, strongly bound with brass, and his eyes were constantly glancing from this box to me in a way that I did not at all like. I began to have visions of plots, infernal machines, and I don't know what. After regarding me steadily for a few minutes, he said:— 'Is it possible, sir, that you are not aware of this carriage being reserved for State officials?' I looked round, and seeing no indication of the fact, replied: 'I am not aware of such being the case.' 'Then, sir,' he replied, 'I must beg of you instantly to vacate it, and leave me here in solitary silence.' Considering that the train was going at the ra[?]e of for[?] y miles an hour, and would not stop until it reached a small station, half way to my destination, in about an hour's time, I could not quite see why I should comply with his request, or rather command; and I frankly told him so adding that I had as much right there as he had, and did not intend moving. He replied with a most solemn air, 'Then your fate be on your own head." This began to frighten me for the man's manner convinced me that he must be in- sane, and the prospect of an hour's jour- ney in a car with a madman was not calculated to raise my spirits. However, I put a bold face on the matter, and affected to be entirely engrossed with my news- paper, though in reality I was watching his every movement. He suddenly seized hold of the wooden box, and held it on his knee, mumbling inarticulate words, and then suddenly replaced it beside him. In doing so I caught a glimpse of the butt of a pistol sticking out of his pocket. I had nothing more defensive than an umbrella and a ro[?]l of papers which, in consequence of their length, I was compelled to carry in my hand. Presently he began again— 'Have you studied the marvellous powers of electricity, may I ask?' I replied in the negative. 'I have,' said he, 'and have arrived to such a pitch of perfection that, aided by the contents of this box I could blow this train and everybody in it to infinitesimal atoms.' 'But,' I hazarded, 'how about yourself?' 'I should calmly mount into the air and survey the scene without the slightest injury." 'How?' said I. 'That,' he replied 'is my business. Look to yourself." Pleasant this! However, I made some remark which seemed to satisfy him; and he lapsed again into silence. I felt very sorry for him in spite of my dangerous position. I then tried another tack, and made several commonplace remarks to him —to all of which he answered in monosyl- lables, suddenly bursting out with— 'Do you dare to address me, sir, without having first disclosed to me who you are? Your temerity surprises me.' I thought it best to humour him, and handed him my card, on which was in- cribed 'J. B. Smith.' 'Ha! I guessed you were a Smith; you look like one; a blacksmith if I may judge by the smut on your face.' Here he broke into a maniacal laugh. When he had finished laughing he said:— 'Do you want to know who I am?' I said I thought I might as well know his name if he did not mind. 'Well,' said he, leaning forward and peer- ing into my eyes, keeping one hand on the box, 'when you first jumped into the carriage I was the Khan of Tartary; but the wonders of electricity are such that I am even now changing; I suppose I may be anybody in a few hours, or even minutes. I suppose I looked surprised, for he went on. 'Ah, you seem surprised; but, perhaps, you will hardly believe that my temper quite de- pends upon where I may happen to be. Not long ago I was conversing with some friends, and I suddenly changed into the King of Siam, and before they could get out of my way I bit three of their fingers off. You should have seen them scatter. Ha, ha, ha, ha!' 'Good gracious!' I exclaimed, 'you don't mean it, sir?' 'Oh, yes, I do; but don't be alarmed, I'm never dangerous unless I happen to assume that character.' Then he sat quite, and I was thankful for a little peace. All at once, to my alarm, he said, quite unconcernedly: 'I feel it my solemn duty to inform you that I am changing, and that in a few minutes I shall be King of Siam.' Instinctively I looked round for some means of escape, and at the same time grasped my umbrella firmly, and resolved at least to sell my fingers dearly. It wasn't worth while changing cars, as just at that moment I heard the whistle of the train announcing the approach of the next depôt. I collected my things together near me, so as to be pre- pared for a hasty exit ,and more so as I noticed the feelings of his Majesty of Siam were being worked up into a pitch of excite- ment, and the way he showed his teeth would have terrified a less nervous man than my- self. As we neared the depot the train slackened speed and it stopped. Just as I jumped out, the maniac made a spring at me; but I fortunately avoided him and shut the door in his face. I got into the next car, which was empty; and as the conductor closed the door I called out; 'Here, I say, there is a madman in—' But the whistle drowned the last of my sentence, and the train moved off before I had time to complete it. I sat still in a horrible state of nervous- ness, expecting I hardly knew what. At last the train stopped at the station for which I was bound, and I jumped out. As I passed his car I could see him sitting there quietly; and I went into the station master's room and told him what had hap- pened, advising to take some means of securing him. He promised to telegraph, but said it was no business of his, and with that assurance I had to be content. I then went off to my friend's house, where I arrived just in time for dinner. I suppose the traces of my fright still re- mained, for no sooner did I enter the dining- room than my host exclaimed— 'Why, what is the matter, old man? You have not met a ghost on the road have you?' I told him I had seen somebody a good deal worse than a ghost, and during dinner related my adventure, upon which they all congratulated me upon my narrow escape. After dinner I went off early to bed, plead ing fatigue and the next day's business as my excuse. When I awoke in the morning I found my host ready for breakfast, and I joined him at once, as my tain left in an hour's time. As I shook hands with him at the depot he remarked that he should like to hear of the man being caught. I transacted my business, and, as I had time to spare, I turned into the first hotel I came to, and walked up into the billiard room, where I met Fred Cariton, an old school-fellow of mine, who was playing bil- liards with three others. He seemed sur- prised to see me, and asked me how I had got there. I told him I had come down early that morning, and I then proceeded to give him a sketch of my journey of the night before. Fred smiled, and said:— 'Ah, yes, old man; I heard something about it.' 'You heard something?' I said, surprised. 'From whom?' 'Well,' he replied, I'll tell you all about it, for the benefit of the company. Old Harris, the diamond broker, told me last night that he had just come down from the city. When he had taken his seat in a car at——, all alone, just as the train started, some fellow rushed in. Harris said he did not much like the look of the fellow, and as he had about 40,000 dollars' worth of dia- monds with him in a small box, he began to feel uncomfortable. He said the stranger was a strong, active man and, if it had come to a struggle for the diamonds, Harris would have had no chance, for he evidently felt sure the man meant robbery; so he deter- mined to frighten him out of the car by pre- tending madness, which he says he did so effectually that the follow, in sheer fright, bolted at the first stoppage, and left him to finish his journey alone. But we did not know that you were here, old man,' said Fred, as the whole four burst into such a shout of laughter that I never heard before. 'You must stay and be introduced afresh; he will be here to-night.' I did not stop to hear anything more. I rushed down stairs, thoroughly realising that I had been made a fool of, caught the first train home, and have not shown myself in that neighbourhood since 