THE CONTRIBUTOR. CHILD LIFE. Suggested by Chrietmastide and the School Picnic. [By a Colonist of 1839.1 We ore perbapB too fond of boasting of our wondrous age, and of the material and mechanical progress that the civilized world has made within the memories of living people. Emerson says truly that 110 greater men are now than ever were. A singular equality may be observed between the great men of the first and of the last ages, nor can all the science, art, religion, and philosophy of the nineteenth 'century avail to educate greater men than Plutarch's heroes three or four and twenty centuries ago. The arts and inventions of each period are only its costume, and do not invigorate men. Plato is grander than hislongaTrayof pupils. Shakspearehad more insight into human nature than any who have succeeded him, and who had the inheritance of all the ages and Shakspeare's mervellous work amongst them for their in struction and inspiration. But though indi viduals in the past have never been excelled, and perhaps never equalled,_we should have reaped no fruit of their labours if the world was not in many ways wiser, better, and happier. A recent writer in the Spectator, speaking of the marvellous reach of Shak speare's genius, mentions one point which he did not touch, or touched so slightly and with so little of his magic power that it may be" called his terra incognita. And this is child life, which it is the special glory of this age to appreciate and to try to understand. We may reasonably date the dawn of the literature of childhood which accompanied the effort to serve and comprehend it about a century back. It awoke almost simultaneously from two opposite poles of thought and feeling—one the religiously philanthropical, which organized Sunday schools, and by means of these for the first time established a valuable link between the respectable and serious classes, who were teachers and superintendents, and the poor and the vicious by means of their children. No one can tell tne good effects, bodily and spiritually, ^direct and indirect, of Sunday school organization. It brought visitors into squalid homes in cases of sickness and desti tution, it aroused enquiry into cases of injus tice and oppression, and it was a powerfullever for the ad vance of general education. Indeed it rendered possible the secular education which is the only general system which the State lfo " can subsidize and enforce, for it supplements this instruction where it is defective by erouping the children denomina tionally for religious instruction, as the State groups them for general in struction regardless of denomination. The Sunday-school, too, gave rise to a literature suitable for the children whom it taught, somewhat restricted in its scope, but still a marvellous improvement on the cheap biUads, the ghost stories, and the chronioles of crime which were nearly all that found their way to the homes of the poor previously. The same protest was made by employers then which is made nowadays against Government education, that children were being over educated, when at the Sunday-school they were taught to read their Bibles and learn their catechisms. Reading was believed to be a useless and a dangerous acquirement, which would only make farm labourers and domestic servants discontented and revolu tionary. trom the opposite pole cams the other wave of child literature. Among the new thoughts which warmed the hearts and fired the imagination of the overlhrowcrs of old dynasties and old abuses; wbb not only liberty for the slave, but education and care for the children. The great cataclysm 'of the French Revotu tion was preceded in France by the sentimental writings of J. J. Rousseau and of St. Pierre, urging mothers to nurse and care for their own children, and not send them to hirelings, and writing on education generally from the child's point rather than from the teacher's. In England a kindly utilitarian band of educationists began to write books about children for children, and since then an ever-increasing stream of hymns and rhymes, of -real history simply told, and fabled story narrated with as much precision as real history, has poured from the pens of child lovers and taken shape in the press of publishers. We do not believe that anything in our material condition would nave sur prised a visitor from the last century more than the children's picnic given lately by Mr. E. T. Smith. - That a man should be willing to give so much money in. order to gratify two or three thou sand children would astonish him in the first place; hut it would also-he beyond bis com prehension that the enormous staff of teachers would co-operate with him so heartily and efficiently, that for the whole day the hap piness, tf'e safety, and the general wellbeing of the young people were paramount with, every grown person on the ground. The Walpole politician would Eay these children had no votes and needed not to be'bribed. The schoolmaster of the old regime who acknowledged that he knew nothing about teaching, except that he flogged anl the boys learned, would have stared to see notasii g'c instrument of correction in any teacher's hand, and the policemen, orna mental ceitainly but never called into any active seivice. The" employer of lalour would have wondered where the working classes could be found in a com munity where all the boys and girls were so well clothed and so well fed. That these pupils of our common schools were brought down bv the power of steam from Adelaide to' the Grange would be to them less surprising than their being held all _ day so firmly under the power of discipline without the rod and the cane; that_ each school and each class took its place without quarrelling or rude language; that the games were so fairly ccn'ested, and the prizes so numerous and so good; that the fare was so excellent and so abundant; and, above all. that strangers and visitors seemed as' pleased to look on as if it was an amusement meant for themselves. An idea might possibly have entered the mind of an admirer of the Great Frederick that this was a cunning plan of training recruits for the army, for the school di ill might be a good prepara tion for harder military service—but why waste so much labour on the girls, even to fit them to bacomethe mothers of soldiers? And in such a well to-do population it would be hard to find volunteers, and even harder to allow of press-gangs and crimps' such as procured recruits. The simple idea that child-life is a good thing in itself, though as old as the Gospel, was quite loBt sight of until our modern times. All references to education and the? proper rearing of children, even by the most enlightened writers, were as to what would, fit them best to be valiant soldiers or useful citizens, and domestic wives and mothers. To the parents, no doubt, their own children' were dear, though not in the same way as they are now. We hear of children a hundred years ago who never sat down in tho presence of their parents, unless re quested to do so, and who never spoke to them without permission. Lady Jane Grey tells us that one reason why she was so fond of her tutor and of her Greek studies was that with her books she was at peace, whereas her parents were, always harsh, severe, and cruel to her. If children were habitually repressed they were not likely to be very charming. The Spectator writer referred to says that the only child who takes any prominent part in Shakspeare's plays is Moth, and says that this part acted by an intelligent pretty girl of twelve was one of the most charming things he has ever seen on the stage. But if Moth is really meant to represent a boy of twelve, he is to us a very objectionable boy. Bis talk, though very clever, is not child-talk at all, and fie possesses a good deal of what we nowadays would call " cheek." Arthur will come into our readers' minds as a very interesting child, hut he was fifteen years old at the time of the play, and does not talk as if he was younger. Mamiliue, in " Winter's Tale," has almost nothing to say,, and be appears under very disagreeable and: painful circumstances, owing to his father's groundless jealousy. Perdita disappears as an infant, and after a gap of twenty years reappears as the charming heroine of the second part of the play. The Princes in the Tower are to be pitied, but in themselves they have little interest. if Shakespeare could not handle child life, his contemporaries and immediate' successors were still more incapable of it. Milton's relations with his daughters when they were grown up were not' very pleasant, as he taught them to read Greek without understanding it, so that they might read to him for his pleasure, but not their own, so we may surmise that be had little sympathy with them-when they were young.. That part of the " Pilgrim's Progress" which treats of Christian is much more interesting and vivid than the second part which tells' of Christiana and her children, and as the four hoys all get married on the way—one of them to Mercy, who was grown up. when they started—we cannot suppose them to bo very young. The only child like trait in the story lswhep Matthew ate-, green fruit which grew in Beelzebub's, orchard—as all stolen pleasure are supposed to do—but when he was recovering from his attack of the gripes, under Dr. Skill's care, he showed an eagerness in theological matters quite beyond his years. The ques tions which he propounds are marvellously ingenious, but tney are John Bunyan's own. The ballads, as well as the fairy tales, which were the earliest forms of literature which children could be interested in, were not written for them at all, but for menand women. Who knows anything about the childhood of " Sinbad the Sailor," of "Robinson Crusoe,," or of " Lemuel Gulliver," who have been the: wonder and delight of several generations oD children ? If by any chance a child took any? place in a story, the youthful days were hur ried over, he or she had to grow up and he married, or there .appeared to be no need to tell a tale about the child at alL The character of our old nursery rhymes: shows that our great poets had. other things, to do with their gifts than sing to children.. They are mostly silly jiugleB which owe their ■ charms to the tunes. Iudeed, the old poets,, like the French novelists nowadays, made a boast that they did not sing to children or maidens. There is one exception, however. Matthew Prior, a poet and an ambassador of' Queen Anne's time, has left on record two short strains addressed to little ladies of his acquaintance. One of these, Mr. Swinburne, thinks, deserves to be set beside Victor Hugo's charming verses to his grandchildren,! but we shall see a wide difference between, them on careful examination. Prior's idea of a pretty little girl is that, she will grow up to he a beauty and a toast, and lie, alas! will then bo too old to make love to her. Here are his verses written in. the year 1704:— TO A CHILD OF QUALITY, Five Yeahs Old-the Authou then Four. 1. Lords, knights, and squires, tbo numerous banip. That wear the fair Miss Mary's fetters. Were summoned by ber high command, To show their passiooB by their letters. 2. • My pen among the rest I took, Lest those bright eyes that cinnot read Should dart their kindling Area, and look . The power they have to be obeyed. 3. Nor quality, nor reputation, Forbid me yet my flame to te'l; Dear five-year-old befriends my passion,,. And I may write till she can spell. 4. For while she makes her silkworms' beds Of all the tender things I swear, Whilst all the house my passion reads, In paper round her baby hair ; 6. She may receive and own my flame, For though the strictest prudes should know it, „ She'll pass for a most virtuons damo, And I for an unhappy poet! 6. Then, too. alas! when she shall tear The lines some younger rival sends, She'll give me leive to write, I fear, And we shall still continue friends. 7. For, as on- different ages move 'Tie eo ordained (would Fate but mend it!) That I shall be past making love Whan she begins to comprehend it. How differently would any modern poet, write to such a child. Mr. F. T. 1'algrave touches a very different note in the follow ing:— If byany device or knowledge. The rosebud i's beauty could know, It would stay a rosebud for over, Nor into its fulness grow. And if thou could'st know thine own sweetness,. O, little one, perfect and sweet I T hou wonld'st be a child for ever, Ck mpleter whilst incomplete. And nothing could be more foreign to the heal t of Victor Hugo than Prior's ingenious anticipation of Miss Mary's triumphs. Hot only to his grandchildren, but in his verses to all little children there to an absence of this arrtire pens&r.; of flames and passion and love-making. It to tlic old Gospel idea—" Of EuCn is the Kingdom of Heaven," and no earthly thought mingles with it. Whether he watches the " little darliag" run in at the open door to greet his mother;—er when in UAr>nie lerri'le, the poet sits with little Jeanne on his knee, watching her through .. (sickness; or takes sad comfort in her and her -sister when his son is slain—they always appear nearer to Heaven than grown people -are. The activities of children, their curio sities, thejr.eagerness, their contrivances, all interest him. He delights in their unfolding themselves in a sunny and kindly atmo r sphere of love and confidence. He wrote his novel of " Ninety-three" (the ^revolutionary year) without a love plot, and ■with a lovely baby of twenty months old for 'its only heroine, and the description of the three children shut up during the siege of the \- castle is the most wonderfully beautiful thing ■in the book. During "Victor Hugo's long banishment under the Second Empire in 'the Island of Jersey he made friends with all the children he came in contact with, and delighted in nothing so much as giving ' them little treats and feasts, especially to the poorest and the sickliest. His purse was not ■ long, but we are sure his memory is cherished by many little ones to whom he gave a weekly . good dinner. We do not know how many of the \- children who were present at the school -picnic on the 15 th of December will grow up to benefit by the teaching they receive in the furtherance of their for tunes, but we are glad that they have had one happy day—something looked forward to for weeks, and to be remembered, we hope, for much longer. And we are glad that the ' happiness of that special day was so much Aided by the arrangements and discipline of every schoolday of their lives. No one who looked dispassionately on these happy ^and < orderly groups could imagine that this secular \--education would lead to larrikiniBm. 1N0 -doubt ambition enters more largely into the thoughts of the youug Australian citizen than it did into his ancestoi of the same age a hundred years ago, and many children of poor parents hope to rise above mere manual .labour; but," on the other hand, nowhere are the conditions of labour better than they : are here, and at no period in the history of \- our race lias honest work been accounted bo -honourable as it is now. The work of the world has to be done, and we are very sure that our young generation are being trained to do it well. 