MAIN LINE RAILWAY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — Permit mo to make a few romnrks on the management of the Main Lino. Tho way the officials allow the first-class carriages to be crammed to suffocation is something to be re gretted, although the secor.d-class are compara tively empty, which was the oass on tho return, from Hobart on Saturday night. The rowdies rushed tho first-class carriages and orushed out *? l-i-ii7A *i/l»/i lto rl nni/1 firo4-..j-ln oa fnrflo f\n 4-Iia trip down overy one was comfortable and satis fied, although protty olosely packed, being twenty in tho compartment ; but on tho return it was the most miserable nine hours I ever remember to have spent, for after the carriage was paoked with 27 persons two half drunkon young mon forced their way in the carriage. Bolng told thore was' not room for them to sit down, they still persisted iu re maining, though told thoro was plenty of room in sorao of the other carriages, and their behaviour was shameful. At last a fight com menced, and the whole of the passengers in the carriago .were in a state of uproar, causing a young woman to go' into fits, which lasted for hours. This conduct, I was told, had been re ported to one of the guards, but no notice was taken, and so the annoyance continued till the train stopped tho last time, then he mado him self scarce, and ho never got moro sober during tho whole nine hours, for thero was not a' station along tho lino that lie did not fotoh spirits into' tho oarriago, and insult everyono' that would not drink, even the females, puBh-' ing the glass up to their mouths. Everyono in, the carriago was glad to get to the end of the, journey. I-forgot to say that as well as, 26 grown persons there wab in tho same oompart ment sir -dhildren; the'; oldest' about 12 years.' ?Hoping, : Sir, you will insert this' for : the benefit of the public— Yours, etc., .;,,; ,,.??., One of the Annoted. r The Late Loud Stamford.— It, was no secret with Lord Stamford (says ' Atlas' in the London World) that he spent ovor half a million of money on the Turf ! The princely stylo in which he hunted the Quorn for seven years, coupled with his unbounded hospitality at all seasons of the year, the enormous sumshe spent over cricket, and the cost of keeping up his extensive deer forests and grouse moors in Scotland, as well as the preser vation of pheasants and partridges at Enville, Bradgate, and Dunham Alassoy .for his world-famed battues, made a still further drain. Mr. Ounlifi'e Brooks, the banker, is reported to have lent him at various pnriods no less a sum than £950,000, at four per cent., on tho Dun ham Masaey and Aahton-undor-Lyne properties, which kept on improving the more his lordship borrowed. Except Bradgate Park, which goes to his heir 'fcith £15,000 a year, Lord Stamford has left everything tn his disconsolate widow. At her fdeath the property goes to her niece, Miss Payne, daughter of Lady Stamford's youngest Eister. Lord Stam ford had no personal knowledge of Mr. W. Grey, h's heir, who has been for some years past a classical professor connected with the West Indian College of Codring ton. He takes the title of Baron Grey of Greby. Enville Hall and Dunham Massoy are full of 'treasures.' Every bedroom at Enville has a perfect toilet set of Queon Anne silver ; whilst at Dunham Massey the fenders and fire-irons in all the recep tion-rooms are likewise of solid silver of Queen Anne's time. One of Lord Stam ford's ancestors stipulated in his will that a large sum of money should be annually spent in silver ornaments; and it was found necessary to obtain an act of Par liament to put a stop to such unnecessary waste of money. Telegraphic Interruptions. — A memo, received from.' .the . Telegraph-' office on 16th instreported that ihe broken end of the submarine cable between Port .Darwin and Java was picked up at 2'50 a m. that day, and the same evening communication was restored. Mr. Warren, the manager of the Tasmanian Submarine Cable, has forwarded the following account of the interruption received by him from Port Darwin : — ' The Port Darwin Superintendent, Mr. Bernard, states with reference to the interruption to the Darwin and Banjoewangie cables on 5th inst.,that the Agnes (repairing steamer), while grappling for tho old cable, which was interrupted, went through the new cable. On tho 6th inst. they picked up the Port Darwin end of the new cable, and on the 7th the Banjoewangie end of tho old cable, which they joined up to enable the operators to got the traffic off while they grappled for the other end. On the 9th inst. they lost the .Banjoewangie end, tho ship having evidently gone through the cable again, and wo have not heard from the ship since.' The subsequent memo., however, shows the cabla end was picked up again. ^Ministerial. — We understand that tho contemplated tour of the ho as. the Minia ter of Lands and Premier, through the eastern and north-eastern districts, has been unavoidably postponed for three weeks. ' It had been intended to leave on Monday lost, but it is very doubtful if the Premier could get away then, and the postponement will make it more certain -that he will be able to accompany tho Minister ? of Lands to Scotisdale and Ringarpbma, and we trust to tho impor tant settlements lying beyond these, whose wants' have been so sadly ignored in the past. If the residents of the north eastern districts are wise they will take advantage of this Ministerial visit to not only lay their wants before Ministers, but to back them up with facts and figures. Beaconsfield Telegraph Office. — We understand that the authorities are at last going to do something to remedy the disgraceful state of affairs that has so long existed at the Beaconsfield PoBt and Telegraph Offico, where the operators are compelled to transact the business of one of the most important country offices in a miserable little room that is utterly in adequate to meet public requirements. A new building is — and has boen for a longtime — 'going to be' erected for a post, and telegraph office, but the Govern ment have at last arranged for the rental in the meantime of a more suitable ? building than that now occupied, a short distance from it, and fronting on the ' main street. ' . ' The Australasian Shorthand Writer.' — Under this title Mr. Sydney Stolt.of 23,0ollins-streetwest,Melbourne, ia publishing a new shorthand monthly, which will be welcomed by phonographers ? ' both for the interesting and useful infor mation upon journalistic matters it contains, and for the really excellent manner in which tho lithographio work has been executed. In the latter respect it will compare favourably with any of the phonographic works published in England. There are well-written articles upon the history of shorthand in Vic toria, Parliamentary and law reporting, Government shorthand writers, Press jottings, and a number of other matters of intorest. The excellent practice in reading shorthand supplied by. such a work as this, apart from its other merits, will ensure for it a wide circulation among phonographers. The annual sub scription is very moderate. Excursion to Hob art. — The special excursion train from Launceston to Hobart and return, engaged by the Com mittee of tho 3obart Industrial Exhibi tion for the purpose of affording the northern rosidonts an opportunity of visiting ' the capital and the Exhibition, left Launceston on Saturday at a quarter to six o'clock in the morning. The train was a very heavy one, consisting of 13 carriages, containing 450 excursionists. The carriages were crowded to such an extent that at first wayside passengers could not bo taken on. At Flat Top station, however, another engine and ?extra carrisges were put on, by which means the pressure was relieved. Tho train arrived in Hobart at about 12-30 o'clock, and at 11 o'clock at night the return journey was commenced, Launceston being reached at half-past 8 o'clock on Sunday morning. The train was delayed for some tiino by tho engine being unable to pull through tho tunnel near Flat Top, but the excursion passed off without any accident occurring. Our Longford correspondent states that over 20 persons went to Evandalo Junction early in the morning, but only two or three were able to secure seats. Episcopal. — The Roman Catholic bishops of the province of Victoria mot in conference recently under the presidency of Archbishop Goold, and deliberated in private as to the successor of the late Dr. O'Connor, Bishop of Ballarat. Tho result of their deliberations were forwarded to the Pope by the mail steamor that left on 14th inst. It will assume the form of a report and recommendation. The name submitted for approval to the Pope is understood to be that of Monsignor !Moore, the present VicarGoneral of the diocese of Ballarat, who has been con nected with the Oatholio Church in Vic toria for many years. The British Army.— The general an nual return of the British army for the year 1881, prepared by order of the com mander-in-chief for the information of the Secretary of State for War, has just been issued, states The Times of January 11. From this it would appear that the average effective strength of the regular army, including nil rank1), during the year 1881 was 188,798, in which were com prised 17,099 cavalry, 33,397 artillery, 5510 engineers, and 132,792 infantry, in cluding the army service and hospital' corps and the colonial corps. The aver age number of officers was 7612. During 1881 the average number of all arms stationed in England and Wales was 61,631 ; in Scotland, 3790 ; in Ireland, 26,525 ; and abroad, 96,852. The efiootive strength on the 1st of January, 1882, was 189,1 33 ; and on the same date in 1881,188,958. In 1881, 26,180 re cruits joined the army. No sentence of death was passed by court-martial during the year, but 104 mien were sentenced to penal servitude, 3228 reduced to the ranks, 591 reduced and imprisoned, 14 were awarded corporal .punishment, one corporal punishment and imprisonment, 65 were put under stoppages, three sum marily punished under the Army Act, 1881, 12,125 imprisoned, and 42 dis charged with ignominy. The men serv ing on the 1st of January, 1882, who were in possession of e;ood-coriduct medals, numbered : — Medals and gratuities, 2214 ; badges, 77,064. Hobabt Ale. — The Victorian and Tas muiiau fiim of Syme and Co., having strengthened their resources by the re ception into their- brotherhood of Mr. J. Clarke, have made a bold stroke for the monopoly of the celebrated .Ho bart ale, says the correspondent of the Federal Australian. In, Hobart, at least, Grade's ale was more highly esteemed than the Cascade, though perhaps the liquor brewed by Mr. James, of this city, was reputed by the majority as the best Tasmanian. However this may be, the Cascade ale was, when Syme and Co. took over the concern, playing third fiddle, and since their possession has not advanced in popular favour. Their interests were, in fact, threatened by the rivalries of the two brewers referred to. These rivalries are now at an end. Within the last few days Messrs. Syme and Co. have pur chased both James'B Brewery and Gracie's Artillery Brewery, as well as the brewery owned by the family of the late J6hn Walker. It is understood that Mr. James received £10,000 or £12,000 for his busi ness, and will undertake the management of Syrne and Oo.'s now colossal concern. Another version is that he has been re ceived into partnership. Mr. Gracie, it is said, received for his brewery and the eight or nine houses connected with it the sum of £14,000; and for Walker's brewery it is reported that £10,000 was paid. Mr. Gracie who formerly had the management ,of the Cascade Brewery started the Artillery Brewery not so many years ago with a very small capital. A Peculiar Celebration. — One of the most peculiar and ancient of the Now Year celebrations is th»t held . in the Cathedral at Kirkwall, in the Orkneys. The inhabitants, according to old Norse custom, divide into two sections, and meet at the Market Cross to have a gene ral game at football. All living above the cathedral play to get the ball. to the country distriot, those living below the cathedral fighting to take it to the sea, the whole game being played through the principal streets of the town, and hundreds of players of all grades of society of ten take part ia the game. ? Correction. — In our report of the meeting of the Presbyterian Synod' at Campbell Town, on Thursday, an error occurred in the latter part, which should have read a3 follows : — ' The Rev. A. Michie then moved that the thanks of the Synod be given to the present Editorial Committee, and that Messrs. Lyle and Russell bo appointed editors for the next year. This was soconded by the Rev. Mr. Black. The Rev. Mr. Russoll moved as an amendment that the thanks of this Synod be given to the Editorial Committee, and that members of Synod be instructed to give them all possible aid to make the Magazine a success. This was seconded by Rev. Mr. Lyle. On being put to the vote tho amendment was lost, and the original motion carried.' St. Patrick's Day. — Tho nsuol treat in connection with the Catholic sohools, connected with the Church of the ApostleB, was held in a paddock in tho vicinity of the Presbytery on Saturday. The procession of children left the church for the grounds, after the 10 a.m. service, and upon arrival there a programme of sports was arranged, the competitors en tering into tho spirit of the various con tests with great zest. The St. Joseph's and St. Patrick's (fife and drum) bands performed musicil selections at intervals throughout the proceedings, and his Lord ship the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy ( Bishop of Hobart) and the Very Rev. Dean Beechi nor were present during the. day. The children were supplied with abundance of refreshments, and the treat proved very successful, the attendance in the afternoon being large. In the evening the members of the St. Patrick's Society had a banquet at tho Cornwall Rooms ; the President of the Society in the chair. Between 30 and 40 sat down to an excellent spread, pro vided by Mrs. Fahey, and the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were drunk, inter spersed with songs,, etc. A very enjoy able evening was spent. Rev. VV. Law.— The Rev.. William Law, who for upwards of 28 years has been pastor of Prince's Square Con gregational Church, is about to pay a short visit to tho old country. In all pro bability Mr Law will leave next week by the P. and O. steamer Parramatta, and will be away six or seven months. The Rev. Mr Mirams, of Melbourne, will act for Mr Law during his absence. Volunteer Parade. — A parade of the Artillery and Rifle 0orp3 was held at the Volunteer Buildings last Monday, but the inclement state of the weather interfered with the muster. Of the Artillery two officers and 28 non-commissioned officers and men were present, and of the Rifles four officers and 52 non-commis3ioned officers and men. At 8 p.m. the Com mandant, Lieut.-Colonol. Home, arrived, attended by the Staff Officer, and was re ceived in the usual form. The men were marched past, put through a few battalion movements, and then formed ihtoa hollo wsquare, when the prizes won at the intercolonial rifle matches at Williams town last November by the northern members of the Tasmanian team were pre sented by the Commandant. Sergeant Mjijor Martini and Sergeant Gurr re ceived money prizes, but Gunner Peart, in addition to a money prize, is the winner of two very handsome prizes, a tea and coffee service with tray presented for competition by Dr. tB,e,aney, and a plated liquer...!i stand, pror. sented by Messrs. James- 'M'E wan' and' Co. At^ the conclusion of the deremohy' three R^e^ra were '. heartily given' for thb Victorian Rifle Association. After the parade was over the Garrison Sports Committee held a meeting, when a pro gramme was decided upon and the igrangemente advanced a stage. ' St. John's Banner. — By the s.s. Cephalonia, which arrived in Melbourne a short time since, a magnificent banner was imported for'' St. John's Band of Hope. It was made to the order of the Society by Mr. Ealems, a well-known manufacturer, of .London. Its dimensions are 9ft. by 8ft., and it is of a beautiful description, being the design of the Rev. Canon Brownrigg, Incumbent of ? St. John's Church. On the one side a lamb isxepresented drinking at a brook, with the mottoes ' Wine is a Mooker,' ' ' Strong Drink is Raging.' On the other is an excellent painting of St. John's Church, surrounded by beautiful green trees, with the following text : — ' Train up a child in the way he should go.' Tho whole has a most pleasing and picturesque appearance. The Society is to be compli mented on having such a splendid banner. It was unfurled at St. John's School Ia3t Monday, and pronounced by numbers who inspected it to be the premier banner in Tasmania. It will be used at tho grand demonstration on Easter Monday. The sohool is under a great obligation to Miss Stackhouse, the choir, and to all ladies and gentlemen, not forgetting the energetic sooretary, who so kindly assisted at the late concerts. FATAL ACCIDENT. — Our Carrick cor- respondent informs us that Mr. Thomas Henry Mann, of the Oaks, while riding home in company with Mr. William Mantach, from Strath sale, near Hagley, on Thursday, 15th. indulged in a spurt-along the road, but unfortunately came into collision with a cart. Mr. Mann was thrown' from his horse by the shock, and alighting on his head was killed on the spot. Thr West Coast (N.Z.) Sounds. — At the meeting of the Philosophical Sooiety of Wellington, New Zoaland, Dr. Hector took advantage of the occasion to exhibit a number of photographs of the West Coast sounds by means of limelight, and to make a few explanatory remarks on each, in the course of which he said that the examination of that part of tho colony was most interesting, especially from a geological point of view, as such research threw a good deal of light on the manner of the formation of alluvial do posits. The speaker (says the correspon dent of the Otago Times) expressed his opinion that from the great depth of water alongside the precipitous rocks in parts of Milford Sound, New Zealand was evidently a remnant of a vast conti nent, and said it was obvious that tho sounds had been ploughed or gouged out by the action of glaciers and blocks of ice, as these were the only agents which could accomplish such work without leaving beaches and other remnants. He showed several views of huge and tjrand waterfalls, and pointed out that the fall Ing of the liquid from such immense heights had not the slightest effect upon the granito substances of rock, which clearly showed that all the softer parts had boen carried away by ice, forming the various gullies and inlets to be met with in the sounds. Views of Martin's Bay and Lakes Te Anau and Wakatipu were exhibited. Alleged Fraud at George's Bay.— On Monday last, at the George's Bay Police Court, before Henry Dawson, S.M., Samuel lies was proceeded against by Donald Blaokwood on a charge of having, on or about October 15, 1882, fraudulently, and by fatae representations, induced the informant, and another man named George Young, to sign their names to an assignment of an interest in mining land at Blue Tier. Mr. F. C. Hobkirk appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. R. Byron Miller for the defence. The particulars of the case as stated by the counsel for the prosecution were that the defendant, together with John lies, sen., and jun., Donald Blackwood, and Young were partners in the land in ques tion. The defendant acted as agent in certain negotiations to dispose of the ground. , He produced a letter which purported to be signed by Messrs. Roger Rockliffe and James . Clarke, on October 15th, in which an offer was made to buy tho land for £300. Acting on that repre sentation the other partners consented to sell the land for the sum named. Subse quently the prosecutor became of opinion the document was a forgery, and when the defendant produced it, ho had con cluded negotiations with Rockliffe for the disposal of the ground for £800. Mr. Hobkirk stated that this sum was in . fact paid for the land. The accused was liable for having obtained a security through a document purporting to be signed by G. Roger Rookliffe ; which, in reality, did not bear that person's signa ture at all. After hearing the evidence of the prosecutor, John lies, jun., George Young, and Roger Rockliffe, Mr. Dawson stated he did not consider the evidence was sufficient to justify him in proceeding further with the case, which was accord ingly dismissed. The late Captain Standish. — .Our Melbourne telegrams announce the death of Captain Charles Frederiok Standish, of hearfc disease, at the Melbourne Club. The deceased gentleman, who has boen seriously ill for some time, was the second son of the late Charles Standish, of Standiflh Hall, Wigan, Lancashire, and was born in 1824. He was educated at Prior Park-College, and then entered the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, and obtained a commission in the Royal Artillery, in which he served for nine years, and retired with the rank of captain . He came to Victoria in 1852, and in 1854 was appointed Assis tant- Commissioner of Goldfields at Sand hurst, and in 1858 Chinese Protector. When Sir Charles M'Malion resigned the Chief Commissionership of Police in 1861, and took to politics, Captain Standish was chosen to succeed him. The latter held the position until the Kelly gang proved the inefficiency,. of the Victorian police system in force. A commission was appointed to inquire into 'the matter, and one of its recommendations was that Captain Standish should be superannuated. The deceased gentleman accordingly retired on a pension, and was succeeded by Mr. H. F. Ohomley, the present Commissioner. Captain Standish took an active interest in sporting matters, and when he died was chairman of the Victoria Racing Club, a position ho held for some years. Several year3 ago he was known as the owner of racehorses, and the late Sam Waldock was his trainer, but his nearest approach to a great coup was when his Queen of Hearts separated Tim Whifner and Exile for the Melbourne Cup of 1867. . Harbour Improvements. — From all accounts Mr. O. Napier Bell's scheme of harbour improvements, approved of by the Launceston Marine. Board, is to have opposition from those who have 'vested interest ' between the Market Wharf and Soldier's Point. ? A petition is, .it is stated, at present being got up for pre sentation to the Assembly, praying that the plan suggested by Mr. Bell be not adopted.; . ; ? . , : . , : ; , . . ;?? -,; The late Mr.JWilliam Degraves. — We' regret to announco that a telegram was received in town yesterday, of the' death of Mr. William Degraves, of The . Poplars, High-street, while on a visit to'. Hobart. Deceased was son of the late ..; Mr. Peter Degravos, and arrived, we be believe, with his father and other mem-. ? ? bers of the family in the ship !',; Hope in 1824 ac Hobart. Mr. Degraves, sen., obtained a grant of land, now known as the Cascade property, upon which he established a , flour mill, brewery, etoJ The property was still further developed by the sons, but principally by the late Messrs Charles and Joha Degraves, while Mr William De graves extensively engaged in nquatting pursuits, and was established in business . in Melbourne. When pastoral pursuits, , suffered from the general depression then existing in Victoria, Mr Degraves, like the late Hugh Glass and others, suffered '' accordingly, and a long lawsuit with the Union Bank resulted on account of the action of the Melbourne branch. The deceased retired from business with- his capital much diminished, and after a trip to Europe took up his residence in Laun ceston. Deceased was of a straightfor ward disposition, and was muchrespected by all who knew him. .:i/» . .i.) in,- , ., .?, ... Concert at St. Helen's: ?— ?-£.' correspondent writes: — A'.1' 'oon'ce^'1 was given in the Theatre Royal' oh, Siitufc-^ day evening in aid of St. Helen's Church',' which was patronised by his Excellenoy the Governor. The theatre was crowded, ? and upon his Excellency entering the room the National Anthem was sung by the audience. An overture was then played by Miss Steel in very good style, and solos and duets were sung in a most pleasing manner by the Misses Dawson, Bowen, and Treloggen, and Messrs. Dawson, Wright, Forbes, Snowden, : Scannol, and Montgomery ; a recitation was also given by Mr. Rule. The Misses Dawson, Treloggen, and Bowen acted as ' pianists. Mr. Dawson, the chairman, , thanked all present, not forgetting his Excellency, who replied in a few well chosen remarks for the kind reception that had been accorded him, and advised those who possessed musical talents to cultivate them, so that they might give entertainments more frequently for the benefit of those who had not the same advantages. ?'? ! ' Humane Slaughtering. — The sugges- , tion for rapid killing of animals by means of eleotricity has been actually carried out. Some years ago Dr.^ Richardson made use of the large induction coil up in '? the Royal. Polytechnic Institution^ for testing the' question, and killed 'sjiijjejial' sheep and other animals by the electric shock. The experiments led to. results which were to a certain degree promising, and to a ceatatn degree disappoint ing. The electric discharge always suc ceeded in striking the animals into instant insensibility, and in many instances the animals so stricken wore positively killed ';?? but in other instances, after the tem- ' porary production of all signs of death,, there were indications of recovery, so that ' the death had to be completed by other , ? meanB. It was found 'also' that when animals intended for huin'atj' consumption aa food were killed by the shock, some ' parts of the animal were marked by dark lines and spots, which to a considerable extent interfered with the sale of the car cases. Lastly, it was found that the dangers, to the workmen attendant on ' the systematic introduction of the method into general use afforded an important reason for not recommending it. At the ?. same time, the question remains sub ', judice, and the Council of the London ; Model Abattoir Society proposes to con sider the electric with other painless methods of taking a. way. the life of those . members of the inferior creation which minister during their lives toour pleasures or our necessities. Dangbks of Football.— The . Lancet recently heard of two deaths at football— deaths of players who suffered from heart'!' disease. The obvious moral of their . disease is that persons who suffer from1 heart disease should not play football. It ? is not (says the Daily News) a game like cricket, in which you can bat and field short leg; and have a man to run for you. At football every one must do his own running, and take his own share of being kicked all over the frame, and crushed, beneath vast masses of hisfellowcreatures. At the Rugby football, where the ball , may be caught with_ the hand?, and 'dropped' or run with, a man is not1 likely to be so badly kicked as where handling the ball is illegal. Under rules of that sort some one is sure to kick ex citedly at the ball when it is about five feet off the ground, and if the ball is missed a player may receive a kick under the shin. Players who feel that they cannot resist these dangerous temptations should hot take this form of exercise. At school it is easy to make boys pass a doctor's exam- '. ination, and to forbid them to play if their hearts are affected. But the Lancet thinks secretaries or captains of clubs should be compelled to make players take: the same precautions, and this rule it would be hard to enforce. As things stand, the English parent would rather; ? send his boys to a house in any school; that is 'cock-house' at football than to. a: house where the boys are best known for the elaborate decoration they bestow on their studies, for their pioturos, bindings, and blue ohina. Town Improvements.— We understand that Mr J. 0. Ferguson, ironmonger, of Brisbane-street, has purchased from Mr. W. 0. Wilson the allotment a( the corner of Brisbane and George streets, and that it is Mr. Ferguson's intention at an early date to erect commodious business pro mises for himself. The price paid, we believe, was £5000, and, as showing an example of unearned increment, and alao the progress oE the town, it may be men tioned that the price given by Mr Wilson for the land about twelve months ago was £3500. An Unbusiness- like Proceeding. — A correspondent has previously called attention to the short notice allowed by the Government in calling for tenders for the supply of steel rails, fishbolts and ' plates, spikes, etc, required for the com pletion of the Mersey and Deloraine Railway, to enable intending tenderers to obtain the necessary data and informa tion., The advertisement is dated 27th February, and tenders close on the 28th Maroh, the interval being insufficient to permit a letter to be sent to England and a telegraphic reply received. We are, however, informed that a. graver error than this has been committed, and that ?the advertisement has never been in serted in the intercolonial papers. The ?Government have taken time enough *fter the. sanction of Parliament had been obtained to the work before they showed ?any signs of progress and called for tenders; and it would seem as if they now desired to make up for their own delay by curtailing the time that should be ^allowed to tendereft. We trust, however, that if it is found desirable to extend the itime for receiving tenders the Govern ment will not make the extension less than Bhould have been granted in the first HnBtanoe— sufficient to allow for communi cation by mail with Great Britain and the reception of a telegraphic reply. The Hottest Day op the Season. — Our readers have not forgotten the op pressive heat of the weather on Sunday last, and across the Straits it appears to have been as unpleasant. The Herald thus describes the day in Melbourne : — ' Sunday was one of the most unpleasant days experienced this season. March being so far advanced, it would have been supposed that all hot weather had passed, but the heat was almost as intense as any that has been experienced within the last aix, months. A Btrong northerly and very hot wind blew all day and the rays of the aun were peculiarly scorching. . At Gau'nt's, the thermometer registered at one I time 106 degrees in the shade, and reachod as high as 143 degrees in the aun.' To make matters worse, the day being Sunday, there was no street water ing and the dust was almost unbearable. , In the morning the north wind brought down dense cloudB of dust from the dusty high roads' of the northern suburbs, and the.city was completely enveloped by the dust fiend. A change took place in the evening when a southerly wind came up. This cooled the ? atmosphere somewhat, but produced little relief so far as related to the duBt, for what had been blown towards the bay during the day wbb blown ' back in the.evening.' The Klbotric Light.— Oapt. Audley Gooto. M. HiA., has been in Launceston during the past few days making final arrangements with Mr. T. O. Just for the promised exhibition of the electric light in Lauriceston. A number of traders have deoided to have the light laid on to their respective establishments for this experi ment, and .the first exhibition of the Incandescent system .of lighting will take place on Saturday evening, 7th April. This will be continued for' four Saturday evenings, and on the intervening nights the Brush system of arc lighting will be demonstrated in Brisbane -street and the Quadrant by the exhibition of a series of lamps of 2000 candle power. A Successful Brewer. — The Mel bourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator thus gossips : — ' Here are a few facts about beer, which will probably be regarded by some of my readers aB ap proaching romance. Sometime ago the fortunes of a certain brewing firm in Mel ibourne had reached a very low ebb, when there came seeking employment, a brewer. This brewer had made application to another firm previously, and was rejected. He was accepted by the firm of decayed fortunes, and soon proved to be a brewing diamond of the first water. The beer of ?this firm rapidly became famous, and now its net annual profits amount to the nico little sum of £80,000. When our brewing friend had given his employers a taste of his quality he arranged his terms, viz., £1000 a year, fixed salary, and half-a crown on every hogshead turned out of the establishment. The weekly output never falls below 850 hogsheads _ in the worst winter months, and during the summer it reaches 1250. This is every week, mind, so if you add- about 1000 half-crowns weekly to a salary of £1000 a year, you will find that the ' screw ' of a successful brewer is not bo far behind that of a colonial Governor. Bicycle Riding.— It will be seen by ?our Hobart telegrams that Master Ronald Bishop, of Victoria, has accomplished the feat of riding 100 mileB under 12 hours, whioh entitles him, as a member, to the silver medal of the Fernside Bicycle Club. Leaving1 Snake Banks.at.6-30 a.m. on Saturday, Master BiBhop. reached Hobart At 549. p.m., thus covering the 101' milea in lltiours 19 minutes.-.: . ?-.- ,.u Vice-Regal, — His Excellency, Sir George Oumine Strahan, the hon. J. W. Wallop, private secretary, and ' the hon. W, R. Moore, Colonial Secretary, arrived by the express train on Wednesday, and put up at the Brisbane Hotel. The vice regal party joined the train at the Corners station, having spent the previous night at the residence of Mr. J. F. Rigney, Avoca. His Excellency remained in town on Thursday, and on Friday morning proceeded, together with the hon. J. W. 'Wallop and the hon. W. Moore, to Scottsdale, thence to Bridport, Branx holm, 'andiUpper Ringarooma, returning to Hobart about the' middle of next week. . A Broken Thigh. — Richard Richard son, aged 10 years, son of Mr Richardson, chemist of Elizabeth 'street, met with a painful accident on Tuesday. It appears he was playing in the vicinity of the Mar ket Wharf, near whore the new lighters for the Priestman dredge are being con structed, when a spar fell on one of his legs, breaking the thigh in two places. The young sufferer was removed home, where he was attended to by Dr. Hardy, who set the limb, and he w&s;, by latest accounts, progressing favourably. The Diamond Drills. — Wo notice that a new Bet of regulations in connec tion with the leasing and working of the diamond drills ha3 been issued by the Lands and Works Department. . The principal alteration seems to be in the terms of hiring the drills, which are somewhat oheaper than those hitherto charged. The lessee has had to pay £10 & week rent, and all working expenses, amounting to about £50 a month, but the drills can now be hired for the mere cost of working and value of any diamonds lost or worn out while . in use. The department now, however, warned by past experience, insists upon payment beforehand, £70 being paid down in ad vance for' the first month, and any excess or deficiency to be deducted from or added to the nest month's payment. The No. 9. drill, lately employed at Beaconsfield, is now available for hire. The Government have acted wisely in the step taken, for they have been a good deal humbugged over these drills. They were induced to obtain them on the representations made by disinter ested patriots in Parliament, but at the outset found the cost much greater than had. been represented, and when the drills were obtained there was not that anxiety displayed to secure their services that they had been led to expeot, and more than this, there was great difficulty in getting payment for the rental working expenses from those who did hire them. The Minister of Lands does not seem likely to have a very cheorful report to make to Parliament when it meets, for up to the present no important dis covery has been made by, , the drills, and Beaconsfield and. Back Creek -are the only localities. in ? whioh they have been tried at , all. The utility of the drills, and their economy in .' testing- claims does.not seem, to be properly understood yet, and there also seems too much disposition to let the enterprising^ few bear the whole ex pense while adjoining claim holders reap the benefit of the results obtained with . out any oost to themselves. This state of affairs, is not creditable to the mining enterprise of Tasmania. The late Mr. 01 Desailly.— Our obituary notices of to-day contain the death, at the early age of twenty-fire, of Mr. Charles Desailly, at Mount Mulligan, thirty mileB from ; Thorn borough, j[ Queensland. ' This gentleman, who met his death at the hands of the blacks, was a Tasmanian by birth, and son of Edwin Desailly, Esq., of Emu Vale, Gippsland. His friends in Mel bourne received the following detaih ; — ' Thornborough, March 14th— No person' was with Ohas. Desailly ? when he was . killed. He tied his horse to a tree and penetrated on foot into a dangerous gorge at Mount Mulligan. He was surprised by a mob of blacks. He discharged one chamber of his revolver, and afterwards made a determined attempt to escape. He must have run for half a mile. When I saw his dead body there was a barbed spear therein, which had penetrated four inohes through his right kidney. He fell dead on his tracks. He must have been speared last Thursday. I found his body on Friday. He had his revolver clutched in his left hand, with five bullets therein and one chamber discharged. I took possession of revolver, watch, belt, and pouch, and interred the body there. — Thos. M'Oarthy. The Launch of the Lepanto.— The cable informs us of the launch' of the Italian ironclad Lepanto, at Leghorn. The Lepanto is one of two siBter ships, which were begun during the latter part of 1881. Sho is armoured throughout with plates 3ft. thick, is of 14,000 tons displacement, and has engines of- 12,000 horse power. Her armament, is to con sist of four 100 ton guns of the same class as those carried by the DuHio, each firing a projectile of 2,5001b. weight, propelled by a charge of 3501b. powder. The guns are mounted on armoured revolving turrets, of which the bores are enclosed in ironblad compartments covering both the maohinery which moyeB . them and that whioh is used to load. and point .the enormous 'cannon. ' The .vessel also has a cam, and is propelled by twin screws. ?' Prince's Square Band of Hope. — The ceremony of unfurling the banner just roceivod by the Band of Hope con nected with the Prince's Square Congre gational Sunday -school, took place last Wednesday. The banner is a very elegant one of crimson silk with gold border, eight feet by nine feet, and was made and pointed by Mr. William Elam, of London, at a cost of £20. On one side are two female figures, Tomperance and Religion, guarding a youth whom they are leading by the hand ; a serpent on an adjacent bust, and a wine glass upset on tha ground at the feet of Temperance are symbolic of the dangers to which youth is exposed. On the roverao side of the banner is a boy climbing a mountain and bearing a banneret with the inscription 'Excelsior,' after Longfellow's poem. There was a crowded meeting, Mr. James Steer, superintendent of the sohool, pre siding, and the children were delighted with their new banner. An excellent programme was gone through, and the whole passed off pleasantly. Sensational Billiard Match. — Papers received by the last mail record a sensational billiard match, which was played at the St. James's Banqueting Hall, London, for £500 aside, while the game was 3000 up, and the players were William Cook, the olmmpion, and William Mitoholl. Over 250 persons patronised the room the first night, despite the fact that a guinea was charged, while the attendance was still greater the second. The table was slow and the game mono tonous at first, but when Cook was 770 and Mitchell 520, the latter made 259 in one break, and bad evidently mastered the strength of the table, and was seem ingly able to play in any position. ' He followed up his big break with a still larger one of 733, and had possession of the table when an adjournment was made, for the night. He made .992 in two breaks (55 and 187 spots), while Cook made but 18. When the game was resumed Mitchell only added two hazards to bis score of tho previous evening, but still the break ',. was the largest in a match ever made for money. He afterwards made breaks of 145, 163, 210, G4, 182, and an unfinished one of 487, and . ultimately defeated the cham pion by 1639 points, flis spot play is described as perfect, and ' the sporting papers state that it is doubtful whether any professional living can lower ??Mb' colours at his own particular game when fit and well. Cook did not play in his usual form, and never made one break of 100. Christ's College. — An examination in connection with this College will be held early next month. Several' scholar ships will be awarded. White Ants in South Australia. — Amongst other drawbacks that settlers in the Northern Territory of South Australia have to contend against are the ravages of the white ants, of whose destructive tendencies the Government Resident gives the following account in his last quarterly report: — 'The white ants have com mitted great ravages, this season.', Every possible piece of timber not being cypress pine, no matter how well protected, has been destroyed ; even in . tha verandahs of the residences, the only part not cypress pine, and to get at which they had to go through a mass of masonry first and through solid lead. They have overcome such slight difficulties, and are fast eating all the timber away, although I am using every means to save it. They also. demo- lished the roofiing timber of Inspectors' quarters, Government offices/ forge, stables (both police and teamsters), cart shed, Seriior-Oporator's quarters (Over land Telegraph), and, finally, the Court house, which was of weatherboard. All the above are now replaced with cypress pine, and the new stone Courthouse will soon be commenced. My fear is that when the y find no other timber they will at last try the oypress pine.' . ? ' ? Police Greatcoats.- — The Melbourne Herald says :— The police have received an order from head quarters that from the 1st of May and during the winter months officers on night duty must wear the long heavy overcoats similar to those worn in the old country, ? and better known as ' Long Toms.' The order has caused goneral dissatisfaction in the force, not alone on account, of , being compelled to wear the coat, but also to pay for it. The men have very good argument against the coats. They, consider that the cli mate is not severe enough to justify the compulsion, and ' furthermore that it has been previously tried and found to be an inoumbranoe. The weight of. it prevents a man from giving chase toathi»f.or other offender, and in a scrimmage it has been found to be a sore trouble. The men say they can keep themselves warm enough with under flannels, and that if carried out the order will be a great in fliction on them. On the other hand the superior officers contend that to preserve the health of the' constables it is un doubtedly necessary for them to adopt the winter coats. As many as twenty policemen have been known to be confined in the hospital from colds, etc., in one week, and the daily average is about seven. This has led to the order in question. It will be seen by advertisement that Mr. Illman (who is leaving for Europe) has trans ferred his ohina and|gluBS business carried on in Patterson-street for a quarter of a century to Mr. 6. Hubbard, of Brisbane and George-streets. See advertisement. — (Advt.) The New Map of Tasmania. —We have receivod a 'Copy, untinted, of the new map of Tasmania, just published by authority of the Minister of Lands. Our correspondent informs us that 'it has been got up in three weeks by Mr. E. Castray, tho lithographing been done by Mr. Bennett.' ThiB, therefore, cannot be the map which' has been in hand for tho last three years, and whioh is annually inquired for in Parliament. The new map has,. however, been very care fully prepared, and ? is very neatly exocutod and lettered. It contains every township reserve in the island, and all main roads and . tracks, ' but does not attempt to give mining districts unless there is a Government township laid out. It is a useful and handy map, and as far as it goe3 is very correct, but if it is issued as a reliable map of Tasmania it is as great a farce as any of its prede cessors. It has apparently been prepared with every deference to the wishes of the Immigration Board, who do not like to see tho mountains shown, lest intending Immigrants might get a prejudice against the country aB being too hilly, and certainly no one would judge from looking at this map that Tasmania was at all moun tainous. On the contrary, the impression is given of .the greater portion being open plains, with isolated, hills or ' sugar loaves' scattered about from five to twenty miles apart! and onlysome ten or a ' dozen ranges of mountains in the whole colony. Even the great Western' Tiers are conspicu ous by their . absence, , a few of the principal peaks being alone visible, put down as isolated hills, and the rivers of the colony are mainly made to rise out of apparently white expanses of. plaioB.' Residents on the North- West Coast, will smile to learn that from' the Dial Range at the Leven to the sea' at Woolnorth there is not a single range or. even a solitary hill set down within 30. miles inland except the Dip Range, near the Flowerdale River, and this is only a sampleof the style the whole map is com-, piled in. ' It certainlv willnot prejudice immigrants, before their arrival, but when they come to realise the aotual faotB , after ' arrival it will be strange if expressions more forcible than polite are not indulged ? in. '. ' . : The 'Accident of Birth.' — However much we may interest ourselves in the things of a past that would probably dis appoint its admirers could they reoall it, it is certain that sons, as a rule, are by no means given to following in the steps of their Bires, if we may judge by the fol lowing extract lately published in a French paper :— Tho composer Verdi is the son of an innkeeper ; Jules Simon, of a draper ; Oapoul, the favourite tenor, of a maitre d'hotel ; Duchene, of a dentist ; the great aoulptor, Clesinger,- of a' frame- maker ; Baudry, of a maker of wooden shoes.; Pasteur, the great physicist, of a tanner ; pairiery, of an old clothes man : M. Thiersh'ad for father a hanger-on of the. Stock Exchange ; Auber, a picture-; dealer; Tamberlick, an ironmonger1; Nelaton, 'the prince of surgeons,'' au upholsterer ; and so on. Almost all the men most eminent in this day, in art, literature, etc., are the sons of parents in very humble life, and following avoca tions utterly foreign to tho walks of life adopted by their sons. , ? ? ? 1 '?? TheGeographist at Home. — When the English Press discovers , instances of marked ignorance on the part of those who ought to know better, those instances are immediately gibbeted under the head ing of '- The Schoolmaster Abroad !' As we have had so much evidence here in the colonies of, .the culpable ignorance pre valent in the mother country with regard to the geographical position of the Auatralias, we think the heading adopted for this paragraph might be used when dealing with instances of the geographical ignorance of the benighted English, some of whom seem to be under the impression that the Island of Tasmania is located somewhere in the interior of South Australia. One proof of jthja came to hand here yesterday by .pbat'^'. This was a copy of a ' price current', .circular, from Messrs. Maconoohie Brothers^ (Raglan Works, Lowestoft, England,1' and :- ad dressed in a good business hand id ' MrJ' E.' Ackerman, Charlea-atreet, Launceston, Tasmania, South Australia.' . ' A Mystery. Solved. — An Adelaide telegram dated Monday says:— -On Sun day evening as some boys were playing on a sandhill at Kaw, one of them named Kelly found a skull in a hole which it ap peared had.' been made by- a dog. A per son named Manning was informed of the discnvory, and he dug out the body of a boy answering to, the description of a_; lad named Grimes, who mysteriously disap peared from his home at Glanville in the middle of April last year. The sandhill where the body is found is near the fence of the back yard of the house where Mr. Grimes, sen., lived. On Sunday, April 16, young Grimes was sent to the , Baptist Church, and was afterwards seen on the Military-road, but never subsequently. Search parties scoured Lefevre's Penin sula and every place where it was thought he might have gone. The creeks and waterholes were dragged, other colonies communicated with, and a reward offered by the Government. It is now believed that the boy became tired., ? lay down on the sandhill and ? went to sleep, and was smothered by , the drift aand. ' ? ' : '' ''?' ' ' '' ? ' . ' ' ' ?'' '? LarrikinismatHobart. — Tho Southern'1 Star of Wednesday says : — 'Complaints reach us of the grossly insulting behaviour of Hobart larrikins at the railway station as the Launceaton excursionists were ' leaving by the 11 p.m. train ou Saturday. Tho most violent language was used, and as the train left the excursionists were hooted. It is scarcely necessary to say ' that'the police were not to be Been. On behalf of the public of Hobart, we beg to assure- our Launceston visitors that they are heartily welcome at all times ; that the insults offered them on Saturday came from the lowest scum of the city ; and that if tho police knew and per formed their duty, the unpleasant incident would not have occurred.' We are sure the .above assurance will be read '{ with' satisfaction, but from what we can learn some of the excursionists did not oonduct themselves in a very creditable manner, and the epithets and expressions of opinion in-' : dulged in by them towards the crowd of ' ' hoodlums on the platform were more' forcible than choice, and perhaps de served hooting. Hops.— -This season has been a remark ably good one for hop- growers, and one Tasmanian hop-grower, it is reported, will . make a clear profit of about £30,0CO. In , New Zealand, too, large 'sums are being made. 'The Bay of Plenty Times of February 24th says : — ' We hear that a Duriedin merchant, a Mr. Wilson, has astonished the citizens of Nelson (known now as the Sleepy Hollow) by purchasing the whole of the hop crop of this season. This gentleman wired last week to his agent at Nelson, requesting to know the price of hops now being harvested. The reply was Is 6d per lb. ; the reply was ' Purchase all you can;' which was done, amounting to £10,000. The next day the Nfelson hop-growers awoke to the fact that hops had risen in price in London to 5s per lb., and that Mr. Wilson had realised upon his' bargains 200 per cent. , or a clear ga'in of £20,000. The Nelson hop-growers, after this lesson, are now agitating for a co-operative association, by which they will hold weekly markets,. and so have their hops sold by auotion.' JOhbap, Excursions to Hobart.— -The manager of. the Main Line Railway has not been slow to recognise the popularity of the cheap excursion train to Hobart oh Saturday last, and similar trips, are offered on Wednesday next- and Satur day, 31st inBt. The train on Wednesday is! more .especially intended for school children, the teachers receiving free tickets, and will leave here at 5 '20 a.m., and Hobart on return at 10'45 p.m., reaching Launceston on Thursday mprning.. ;The railway tickets- will include . admission to . the Industrial Exhibition. A similar train, but princi pally for adults, will be run on the follow ing Saturday. These excursion trains may be made popular institutions, but to avoid some of the inconveniences which passengers by that of last week had to complain. of we, hope. the manager will give an; assurance that the number of tickets will be limited to the available accommodation, and that extra guards will be ?. appointed to accompany the trains and prevent the many from, being annoyed by a few rowdy indi viduals, i Fine Arts.— There are at present on view at the establishment of Mr. W. Jbscelyne, St. John-street, two new oil paintings by Mr. Joshua Higgs, junr., probably the. last our readers will see from his brush for some time, ? as Mr. Higgs leaves for England at the end of the month to complete his studies, and should health be spared him we shall be indeed' disappointed if he does not prove an honour to this littlo colony. The ? principal picture recalls a familiar scene to those acquainted with the Western districts,; being a view of the Western Ranges, looking southward from a point on the Dunorlan-road, and the time is late in the afternoon of early spring, the winter's snow still lying heavily on the, trees. On the right the end of the Magog Mountain juts boldly forward, and further back in the centre of the picture is the less abrupt Gog Mountain, while between the giant pair is the deop gorge or canon inj which the River Mersey flows far out ? of; sight. In the background tower the Western Tiers from Oumming's Head to the Bastion Range, and portion ' of the Ironstone Mountain, all shrouded in their deep white mantle of snow. The rays of the setting sun, hidden from view by the Magog Mountain, stream up the valley and high up the western side of Gog, the eastern side being cold and dark. In the fore ground the picture is Bomewhat relieved by a few groups of timber and a craggy mass of rock peeping out of tho hill on the left, but the scene is a difficult one to handle, so as to preserve fidelity to nature and yet combine, with it artistic effects. . Mr. Higgs has, however, accomplished the former, and worked up every detail ? with great minuteness. Tho other pic ture is a view of the ' Pier Rook' on the Mersey with the Magog Range behind, and is another of the representations of the magnificent scenery of this district . secured by Mr.. Higgs on a recent sketch ing tour. \ The annual meeting of the landholders in tha Glamorgan and Cornwall Road Diatriot .will be' held -at the Union Inn, Avoca, at noon on. 11th April. ?' -'? ??' '' ?/''??? '' ';'. ?-. '' ' Lajjnceston Police ; Court,. ,— Mr. Murray,, P. Ot., and Mr. Wubster, J.P., presided at this court on WednBeday. Robert Goodwin and George Smith -were charged by Mary Spicer with . damaging ' her property. The evidence, which was of a somewhat conflicting character, ?ho wed that the affair was the result of a disturbance in a brothel kept by the proseoutrix. The Bench ordered the de fendants to pay 103 damages, and sent them, to gaol- for one month. Michael Geary wan charged with endeavouring to obtain money under false pretences from ' Joehn Hollington on the 20th inst. Pro-, aecixtor deposed that . the prisoner called on him on the day in question nnd repre sented himself as a detective sent up to look after him in connection with the recent elopement of his wife. He said he ' would require to remove cerfcain'privale marks from prosecutor's waistcoat, ? so that it could not be identified . by Mrs Hollington. Prosecutor took the waist . coat off in the Market Square and lent it to the prisoner twice. The prisoner re turned it, and prosecutor missed , £3 10a in gold from it next morning. Prisoner said he would arrest Miss Giles, who went awajr. with his wife, for £2, and asked for that'sunir but prosecutor refused to let him ' have h until he obtained the warrant. Prisoner finally obtained 5s from him :??.?'?' and left, and from what he heard subse quently prosecutor gave information to the 'police. George Hollington, son of the prosecutor, deposed he told his father ? who the' prisoner really was. The prisoner, desired to call a witness for the purposo of ,'proying an alibi, and the case was .therefore adjourned until the following day, when he was found guilty and fined £6, in default three months' imprison ment. The charge preferred against the reputed Mrs. Hollington of stealing £11 and a rug, the property of'John Holling ton, was, withdrawn at the Police Court on Thursday, but the defendant was re manded at the request of Mr, Super intendent Coulter until Thursday next, ?when a charge of bigamy will be preferred against her. Magnetism and its Connection with the Human Body. — A lecture on the above subject was delivered last Thursday in the Mechanics' Institute by Mr. Beard. After referring to the earlier history of magnetism, the lecturer went on to describe it as the moving power of human life. He attributed sickness to- a distur bance of the magnetic force, and said that it should always be used for the treatment of disease and sickness instead of medicine, which simply wasted bodily energy. The lecturer laid down that magnetism was Bimply a refined elec tricity. He held that the healing which Christ performed was due to His mag netics power, and that any peraon could produce cures in like manner. At the conclusion the leoturer exhibited; a num ber of magnetic bands and appendages, and explained their use and the mode of application. : ' ' Town Park. — The following presenta tions have Jatoly been made to the Town Park :— A specimen of the New Holland goatsucker, from. Mr. Hubert M. D. Norman,- Gressy ; and a white hawk, from 'Mr. George Eitohie, Belraont, Longford; ? ' ' ' . The P. 'and O. s.s. Parbamatta.— A , telegram received from Melbourne Thurs '?? day- afternoon intimated that, this ship wasquite.full, bo that the Rev. W. Law wilfnot.be able to proceed to England by her as intended, but will have to, wait for the'.next boat, the Australia. GHOSTS.— An attempt is being mada in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another' world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inolined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'B ghost : ' How do I know that you nre not a bit of undigested bread?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of 'heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a ?wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and every good housewife boys it.' 