o?zz?TzT.t, comassroztoss ,. A.NGLO-ISBAELISBf. (To (lhe J'ditr of the HJra'd and Adrocate.) , SaDoublne.s muckh that Lwrote in the 1 tvwo letters I aent you for publicas ,ion,-must have apeared c, many mimds, -!ion0used to anythiog but the hackneyed conventional utterances of the clergy and ministers of the preeent day, at least strange, perhaps unfounded, and' alto. gether too bard upon a cla~s of mann whom mos, of us have, been taught to regard with veneration and atyle reverend. I will therefore tak you to kindly give. re spa~e in your paper for a statement of a few of those laces and truths and their logical consequences, the consideration of which cenac-d me to arrive at the conclu alnas I arrived at, and write as I did. .The prinimal things mentioned in my Movemner ]etter were: that I had come to ;uusertand, from a study of God's Word, whilst acarching it to learn what would ble he consequence of the pastors of Go? a people, Iraeoi, not giving heed to identicy truths, that their conduct is dis pleasing to the God of Israel, that their ministry.must be put aside as incalcating oidlish and blind teaching- fearfully per ciiciouc rather than beneficial-and that Ahe e/m acy or benefit of thoce ceremonies called sacraments, as traditioqaly taught and administered, cannot be upheld by any statements of God's Holy Word. In .iy second lettir, January 14th, I assert that if my belief in, and knowledge of the Scriptnres, now that I have more closely studied them spart from 'what is termed the orthodon or Church interpretation of thenm, lehded upon the interpretations put.upon them by. the so-called church teachers, I woclddenounce the Bible as a compilation .of, lies and fables, utterly?, uhworthy of an intelligent persone ,acceptance, and of the Snpreine 1)eity. Also, -tha the ordinary 'Chriajians, both clerical and lay, are, as was prophesied, covered with gross dark. -ness, and that until they have studied the rScriptures by Identity light they must, remain so they can only confound themselves and . the Sciiptures they quote, and ever continutly ..,ad .by their manifold inconsistencies in their :interpretations to the ranusiof the vast army of doubters which surrounds us on every side. tihGod forbid that I should write one word in eple?n-as I am informed Arch. deacon Ross of Armidale says I did-the fearfully important truths which I am gwven to understand are far, too astound ung, and in a lerge measure to my own mind too painful-as they clearly show the utter rottenness and fallacy of the teaching, which min'ators have hitherto first received and then imparted as truth -to permit me to sovwrite. In fact isis only an overwhelming sonse of responsi. bility- anch as Paul felt when he said, " Woe is me ifI preach not the Gospel," to make known to all men in the plainest way I can the great truths that I now understand, that forces me to seek a hear iog through .the Press. Many can- fully testify, if they think fit to do so, that I bhrank from writing for publication in what, some ofmyjfriends have considered, a fooliably'sensitive manner, I simply assert, for 1myself that the publio might have waited all my life long before they eould have learnt my views through the Press, if the sense of responsibility above referred to, combined, with the certainty iately arrived at that the clergy and mins store "generally will only in-a very. felw and exceptional instinces discover . for themselves, and then teach .the people what is right and irne in this grand subject, had not forced me to do what I cdnsider a duty. . I will now at once proceed to wrtte down in a plain and simple manner-I am quite incompetent to write in any *other. way-some few uothe facts and Saripturee which I considered before I arrived at the conclusions stated or inti mated in my lotters. As a first fact for consideration, I took tho common neglect ol the clergy and j ministers to hocall inquire into Iden tity Teaching, or deal with the subject at all. I, therefore, studied God's Word for furtherlight and instruction in the matter, and I was given to understand the state of the case through the reasonable and logical in terpretatiou of certain prophie?ks and passages of Scripture continoed in Ezeklol, Jeremiah, Paul's Epistles, to the Theocalonians grnd Timothy and certain chapters in the hook ofltovelations. 'Ihe Clergy, or Shepherdns of Icraci, cay thae it is profiteHos to nook after the lost sheep of tt i ouroe of Israel (alafr! many are so ignorant that they know nothing about the subjoot, and are so sellcoun coited that they won't inquiro). The XXXIV of Ezohiel came to uay mind, as in that chapter there is a moht anstructive utd so..nln pJ'ophlJoy, tatiug loth the fact and th,, consequencoot this dorelictiocr from duty. I would remark here that to approach this subject for proitable con. eideratron we must first come to a deter rination in our winds as to which will stand---man's eurmisings and idoas, or God's Word and Truth--there can be no question which-the latter must. force and cruelty, and clothe themselves with the wool, and feed themselves with the fat of the flock. Th2i; is to be the case until and at the tinme God hirr. self take Hsis filcr*: ri. His own hand, and to delivcre tihm ouz t of the handa of tho.e Iho urce t.slitttl of them. There can be no mistake regarding who is concerned, and what is in:ended t-. be taught. The flock are "men," the House of Israel "my people." The shepherds are ministers, pcrors of the flock., Doubtless to those brought up with the idea that the ministrations of the clergy, or teachers of eligion (ca!l them by wnat name you please) are needful and good for them; the thought that they who exercise these Eupposed neceeaary functions are to be put aside, and their teachings, and mimnitrationD to cease must necessarily be most repugnant. The way I reconciled umyself to the fact (for it seemed most in credible and repugnant to me at first) was through a process of reasoning. I asked myselfa few questions-Is God a good, bind, and jaet Being ?. Undoubtedly ! . Is it posible then that such a one.would take away a needed blessing or good thing from His people ? Here it was that I remarked that the very object of re movimg this supposed good roinii5try, but shown to be bad and pernicious, is for the sole reason that a real bless'd and good ministry may replace it. I at once saw, as it were, a clear conurE before me. I understood at the same time, too, how great truths, when understood, grow and develope and enlighten the mind. I'had for some time (as my letters to the Blshop of Grafton and Armidale show) known that the prastices and teaching by the so cailed churches in connection with the Lord's 'Supper were unscriptural and should be di"confinwed and a shore en lightened course adopted. I therefore questioned myself thdu: Ae the teaching with regard to "the S.cra| ment " is not right, can it be that all th.e church's teaching is in some viay imper feet or false? At once, I proceeded to examine it, and I did it in this way. I examined myself as to what were the ideas impressed np:n my mind with regard to my chief and most sacred dunes or ministrauons to the .flock of my pasture when I was ordained a clergymnan of the Church of England ? First in order, I knew that I was fully impressed with the idea that the admunietration of the two sacraments -Baptism and the Lord's Supper-was my most necessary and sacred duty. Had .I not from my earliest childhood had it impressed upon my mind int the catechism that two sacraments were generally necessary to salvation-Baptism and the' Supper of the Lord ? Well, as I had norv coins to understand that whatisa called "the sacrament of "the Lord's Sunpper" was Improperly-i.e.. unecrip tauraly- taught, se; forth, or interpreted, fo'r it is not thl mysteriously awful thing it is represented or supposed to be, but only hie commemoration of the one true Passover (" Christ, our Passover, is esacrificed for us) 'and the feast of un leavened bread. What about baptism ? I I asked, and at fqace proceeded 'to bring i it-- hbpttsm--to the; test'of God'a Word.' In that iWord I could find no aucthority for its administration to infaide, butj much dead against i' when the whole of the ti&chiCbi; under that heed is kept in view and dlly weighpd. John's baptLism was the baptism of repentance, and thosc who did not bring forth fruits meet for the same were rot fitting otbjects for its administration. Adults only could there 'fore be proper recipients of it. Ouri Lord Himself. (who was not baptUcdl' until He was thirty years of .age) duIl not baptise, -but His dsciples did in His. name. Yet these, Bis duly appointel oficers for tho administration of the .ordinance or rite, were the very individuals who would have sent away those little children .who'ee anxious friends brought. them to Jesus. 'Onr 'Lord robuked His disiaples for this, and then they suffered the little oned to'be brought to Hiim, but we should note thbt then He did not turn to these His official administrators 'of baptism, and tell' them to baptise 'these' children. No! He simply laid H's hand. on them and departed thence. When tihe final dis.inct crder to disciple ell netiot a was given, the noteable words were ne?,d; "he that believeth, and is'baptised, shall' be saved,'" but it is not said or added, ha that is not baptised- shall be damned but "he that believeth not shall be damned." Again, when the Joly Ghost was given, and ,the Apostles preached with such power that many were cou., victed of their sin,and asked the question, Men and brethren, what shall we do'? The' npost'o 's imply replied, '" epent, andi be baptisedl" Adults only .then could thus conform. Paul, in his epistle to the Carmfnbians tells them that be was thanlkfal that he had baptised but Crspus and Gami, antd the household of Stoe phanus, ;litlI lia adds, " Jesus Christ sent me not. to bhaptise,'but preach the Gospel." I grieve now when I think of the fuss I made over infant baptism. I believe it nothing more or less.than priestcraft; its object to got from the vry first the child under the power of the priest,.and, in a measure, the pHrints too.' Moat fully do lbelieve in the baptism of those who, having come to years of diecretion,.and beon taught a righ, faith, beliWvesii, and desire to live lives in no coidcinco with the high and holy callirig, and show forth the example of a godly lifo apart foom all hypocrisy and conven tionalism. If baptism waa only adminir tered jindor such oiroumstaneoa.it would not be the'contomptible sham, mockery, find delusion it is now, but a noble, grand, and solema nrdinance. *. * Conlirmatiuo came next for? examina tion, and utter repudiation as slOW admin isntred, because it is only a shameful lar?e and mockor., for the Holy Ghost Is not given by or through it; y.t this Was the only object uf lymg on of bWnds in apostoio days. Mrenlags by a; priest or ,minister hda no scruptural foundation or the burial of the dead either So that "the putting out of the busy myetif.inug officials from their sslf irstitutid .and appointed oftioos will bo a grand deliver ance from their frcead and cruel rule, anI an effectual means of preventing their serving themselves of their llock-"Eat inm the fat and olothinn themselves with the wool." So we see God is not unkind in removing them. Now, sir, I will .proceed to show that our teaching tnder thils head is not founded only on the xxxiv. of Ezkiel, though we start with it as the basis of what we teach. Note again, carefully, the two lat verses of thi chapter, and mrki: the flock are " men "-not sheep -liy Gd r lleid " my T'onpl,'' enon of the hoes of Israel. Now tm'n to the 50th chapter of Jeremiah, and note that rferrinUg to the time of the return (f the childrcu of Israel and thi childrcn of ,Judak together (therefore at a time yt future-for additional confirmation read tho 10th and 20th verses), it is declared, fith verse, " My 2)opli bath been lost sheep; their sheopherds have caused them Well, Ezekiel is told by God to pro. phecy against the Shepherds of Israel1 because they won't seek after the sheip lost in the cloudy and dark day, or feed t'aem in the good part res God would have them fed in; but will rule them with Lu go astray; they have turned them away on the mounotas?" The very thing ahepherds eught no" to do thece are said to have done. Practical patrrliet?s out here In this country quickly give "the v.a'king ticket" to thoes she1.herda whom they may put in charge of cheep and fiid act in this way ; and the day is not far distant when this will be the course of action with regard to the spiritual shepherds, or God's Revelation in the 17th and 18:h chapters is a lie- but more of this anon. Now turn to the 23rd of Jeremiah, and read it throueb, and what is the sum of it ? Woe is pro. nounced against the pastors who destroy and seatter the sheep of Gud's pasture -" The pastors that feed my people,'" and yet have seastered the flock and "driven them away." Tbes tpastors are to be removed and replaced by shepherds, who sbhall feed and guard them properly, but tlhis is sol to be until God's counsel and purposes concerning Israel htave been ffilled (for a right under standing of what these are, read very carefully and thoughtfully, and bring logic to sift the 26th LevitiCUS, the 4th of Den., from the twenty-second to the thirty second verses, and the thirty-first chapter of the? same book., from the fifteenth verse to the end of the chapter); now note the 19th and following verees of Jeremiah 23rd, and see whatis now to be learnt or understood of the prophets or ministers of God's flock, in consequence of their sins-" thleir ways shall be made unto them slippery ways in the darkness, they Shall be driven on and fall therein, for God will bring upon them the years of visitation, i.e., the appointed time of correction or forsaking. The whirlwind of the Lord had gone forth (in.721 B.C.), and His anger would not turn aside until He had executed and peiformed 'the thoughts of His heart-the full and true mesning of these things should not be understood or considered perfectly until the latter days. We can now understand this fairly well. These prophets or pastors, who teed or minister to j0le flock, have not been -sent, by God- they are self appointed-- and have spoken 'onr of their own mind, yet it isdeclared that had they stood in God's counsel, and caused " My people" to hear My words, then the effect would have been that they should have turned them from their evil way and the evil of their doings-but rejecting God's counsel they set forth and prophesy lies out of their own heart,. and " cause 'My people' to*forget My name" (see Es. iii., 15; for Lhis name). The Lord then declares HimcelfiagainSt thlose who cause His people to err by their lies, and says that they shall not profit the people at all, because they have pervertod bte.words of the living God, the Lord of Hosts our Got." He would, therefore, utterly forgetthem, and forsalke them, and bring au everlasting reproach and per petual shame upon them. I can well remember thinking, in- yars gone by, when reading or hearing about Dives and Lazarus, that " Moses. and tbo prophets " would not have effch an effect upon me, to turn me to love- and fear God, and restrain-me from following my own wvll and. pleasure, nas the appear ing of s.mnone from the dead. I thought that- would hIve ic-finitely, more influence over my mind; but now, thank God, I can from my soul endorse the wards Abraham is-represented as using. I am now sure that the appearing of all myrelations and friends, who have died, could not hive anything htko the strong snfluencs. for good upon me as.the reading and study of. Moses and the Prophets: now have, since I have understood them as I now do. Where before the old ay'.tim of reading and teaching the Old Testament Scriptures, all their mighty force and power were by that system quite hidden and lost; now, by identity.ligh±, all is changed, and the simple grandeur of God's wonderful ways are continually un. folding themselves - I no longer see God as the blood-thirsty and austere, law inforcing, and hard being many are driven to 'see by the foolish interpretations put forth, by the so-called teachers of Soriptrtre; but on the contrary, Iesee the infinitely loving, wise, good, long suffer ing, covenant keeping, Almighty God of Abraham, Isaae, and Jacob,- and tracing in Moses and the Prophets the marvel. ious manner in which all these 'adorable qualities are- shown" for our edification and encouragement. AMy whole soul is bowed doin 'with the weight of adora tion and praise I feel and desire to lie possessed of, yet my tongue and pen are uneble to utfor or explain. Paul, in his Enistle to Timothy, speaks of a timn whiz the people would turn from the truth-the covenant promises given to the fathers-and be turned to fables, awl " havifig itching ears should heap to themselves teacbora" to tickle them, and, not being contentivith the pure word of God, they would "depart from the faith"-faith in the promises of a God, one- delivered to the saints. Could anything be more' clearly fulfilled than this - Now, for the most important teachings of thel7eb and 18 h chapters of the Book of Rovelation. -No doubt, the general belief of Cbriciendoin. that a Church, so calle 1, is in some way represented in and by the Whore and Babylon, hea a good foundation, but the usual way of applica. tion is moit certainly not wholly true. Two things have to be represented-the unfaithfulness of the so.called churches this in done through the Whore and. hor harlot daughters- and the power and influenee the Church sydtoma exereie, and its overthrow-this is ehown throuzh the city Babylon. The one great head system or organisation, and smaller ones born of ler, is fsarfully astounding in its wide and bitter signifi.ance, as showing tice various church systems in all their Joathsome eorrnptness. The woman, though clothed magnificoutly, and in the enjoyment of honours, wealth, and pi'le sure conferrod, and ministered by kings and dignitaries of the earth, is all the time only s ceorrupt creature, selling her truth and purity for these delusive, un. satisfying and empty things-- a true fortticatress, tho' styling herself the Bride of Christ, and her daughtere atre much the same es.eorself. Thbs women eits upon many waters, which waters are 'explained to Ibe many people's and multitudes and untions and tougnos ; she traflics too in oIl kinds of ways (2 fanoy fairs, lotteries, balils and uinppora, bazaars and enter. tainments of almost any and every desoription, as long as money is brought in), aFic i ?h oflla the touls ni won for thl, same oursed love of greed; in her, too, ha found the blood of the saints. -laore is a puzzle or riddlo; put the parts of it together and solve what is meant i-The city of Babylon reigns over the kings of the earth - usually kings reign over oities, not. olties over kings. Who are the kings of the earth over whom this Babylon reigns? Pat a partioula, verse oX the 17th of Genesis, and the cry, "Come out of her, my people," together, and see what meaning yen arrive at. There is a perfect fountain of light and instruction to be obtained here for those who will be wise alter a godly manner. Again, mark that this babylon's plagues came in one day, and her judgment in one hour, and her utter overthrow is represented to be brought about in a truly significant manner: a mighty angel caste into the sea, at it were, a great nikietone, and the tLing is done. Here gut the " Stone of Israel," and the atone which, falling on any, shall grind them to p?w der and the waters of the sea together, and you again have a moat aetounding teaching-a thing in thl?proccts of acioin now! I could write much m-re, but refrain, only giving the caution, "He that hath ears to hear, let him hear." Now for a few moments urn and'con template another and more pleasing spectacle. We have dealt with one city, Babylon, representing a church which style herself the Bride of Christ, thouigh she is only a whore, and the mother of harlot daughters. Now,, look as another city,. Jerusalem representing the true Bride the Lamb h Wife. Note that both are shown by-an angel to John, each re presented by'a city; "but the characters, how very different! 'the false and the true, the corrupt and the pure; = one will be rejected with loathing by Him she styles her Bridegroom, but to Whom sheis not faithful; the other recognised and received with loving joy' id satisfaction. Mark that this is not the city home of. the saints suspended in tde heavens over the earth, and the saints live in it during the mil lennial reign of Christ on the earth as some have foolishly surmised. No, the estant who will be like their L.ord when they see Him will no; nied to be guarded by walls100 mileshigh! The"jewels" and lively stones built into the spiritual temple give us&n; insight into whst is figure--these Will be first gathered to Him in the air, and after an interval descend out of ,heaven with Hitr, and reign with him on the earth. t an you, Sir, lisgine any amue man writing such letters as this and the two previous ones you have published, letters which are bound to create an ill- feeling toiw?rds him on the part of those whose systems of teaching and faith he attacks unless he was prepared to defend and substantiate from God's most Holy Word those things which~he teaches ? I think it impossible! I therefore pnu upon yohr readers the obligation as reasonable and intelligent men and women to decide whether I write as a madman or a weak minded fool ? and it they conclude that they are not quite justified m coming to that opinion, then I do most earnestly exhort them to be no longerled astray by tlhose 'whose duty it undoubtedly is to study the subject, and if they object to its truth, show t1om God's Holy Word where it is untrue, and yet refuse to do that duty. " e Believe me, Sir,.yours moat sincerely, ?R-EDERacw GOUOH. Gunnedah, February 19, 1883. - P.S.-In my last letter it was the 11th chapter of Hebrews and not the 5th; and the 84th of' Xzekiel, not the 24th as printed. I We shoud feel obliged if our corres pondent would shorten his letters9 even if he wrote 6otener. Our space is too valu able to .sanction the insertion of such lengthy communications as the above, respecting a question, which, although ot deep interest, doubtless, to some, is not regarded as of vital importance by the majority of our readersa.-Eo. H. di A, 