: "THE HIDDEN MILLION:" A SENSATIONAL STORY By PAUL MERITT, author and part-author of "youth," "the world," "mankind," "new babylon," "for ever," etc , etc. O CHAPTER I. In the summer of 1690, under the most peculiar circumstances, a great treasure was hidden in the side of a mighty chasm on the coast of Antrim. Not very distant was this chasm from the spot where William of Orange landed with his troops, when the Jacobite flags of Stuart and of Bourbon waved defiantly above Drogheda's walls and the great battle of the Boyne was fought. That memorable July day when the united forces of Ireland and of France, under the command of James II., fierce and implacable though they had threatened to be, fell back before the English fire, defeated, routed, shamed, their vacillating king seeking refuge at the Court of France, while the victorious William, emboldened by success, passed with his glorious army through the capital of Ire land to beleaguer Limerick. It was at this important era in the history of Ireland that The O'Maille, of Coleraine, the head of a family ranking with the highest of the great Celtic race, if not the richest and staunchest followers of the Jacobites— goaded to mad-brained patriotism by the defeat of his party — converted all his property to capital to aid the native troops to make a gallant stand at Limerick ; his chief object being the gathering of some eight thousand Rapparees under the enthusiastic leadership of the after-famed O'Donnel. The scheme was eminently successful, for even priests and bishops flocked to the standard of the adventurers, as if the houses of O'Donnel and O'Maille had been as truly and indefeasibly royal as the houses of Stuart or Bourbon. At least more loyal, for their liege defender had forsaken them. However, it is not with the siege of Limerick this story has to deal, but with a hidden treasure once in the possession of the family of O'Maille ere they were scattered about or exiled far and wide, with after fate and honours kept green only by the minstrels' songs or friars' tales, in the more peaceful times which followed strife and faction. About the last convertible property dispatched to aid the Jacobite cause— the only dispatch which neither served its purpose nor reached its destination — was the family jewels of the O'Maille. These jewels, tor the most part hereditary, still in part amassed by their present owner, were much talked of by the peasantry of Coleraine ; for " The O'Maille" had been heard to aver on more than one occasion that his family possessed the finest jewels in the world, and certainly his after patriotism and love for Erin proved that his was not a merely vain and ostentatious boast. In truth the greater portion of the diamonds had been purchased some half cen tury or so before from some English merchants at Surat — the jewels having been found in the rocks of Couloun, in the province ot Golconda. However, the exact value of this property was never ascertained, being only roughly estimated commercially and pri vately when confided to the care of a zealous and confidential Jesuit, who had undertaken to find a market in England for the jewels, and who with that purpose determined to cross St. George's Channel at Carrickfergus point. That a speedy expedition was absolutely necessary was manifested by the threatened want of ammunition and provisions by the Jacobite party, who, having fear of this, hesitated not to pillage without mercy wherever and whenever opportunity occurred. For planta tions, and even villages, were laid waste by the soldiers and Rap parees ; leaving, perhaps, a few naked, starving villagers, content to feed off the husks about their own barn-doors. Thus, O'Maille, feeling keenly this condition of affairs, and aim ing for the nobler end of victory with honour, had made this sacri fice of wealth to aid his country's cause ; and Marcus Verite, a Jesuit priest, a strong partisan to the Jacobite rebellion, had under taken the conveyance of the property : a mission requiring the greatest care — it being so necessary, in the event of search, to avoid all suspicion, that not a scrap of paper was to be detected about the bearer, the nature of his commission being written in invisible ink on the buttons of an under-vest. Therefore, beyond the carriage of the jewels, the greater portion of which were concealed about his clothes and in the lining of a leathern wallet, in which some slight provision for his journey had been made, Marcus Verite bore no tangible evidence of a suspicious nature, save the religion which a Hebrew Bible and his garb ostensibly proclaimed. He had a little English money, by the way, and a little French gold, the brass coin with James's effigy being very scarce, and certainly unsafe for one to trade with in such active party times. Unfortunately, he had not long set forth upon his journey when he got mixed up in a brawl at an inn near Antrim, when, in strict observance with the nature of his mission, he should have shown impartiality by disguising his feelings and steadfastly withdrawing from all dispute, instead of attempting to allay or irritate the fury of the contending factions. But the Church of Rome was a subject nearest to Father Verite's heart, and it was dangerous to say how far his discussion would have carried him on this momentous occasion, had he not remem bered his oath of allegiance sworn to the O'Maille — remembered it only on hearing, with unspeakable horror, the object of his mission whispered at his elbow, and bruited round the inn, divulged by some mysterious means, some idle boast, some hint, or giving out of his he wist not of ; leaving him, however, with but one road open, one recourse — a speedy flight. But chase was given by several marauders who heard of the trea sure this Jesuit bore with him, and on the road to Carrickfergus he was hotly followed in pursuit. But as his enemies did not succeed in overtaking him, it was supposed by many that he had changed his course and taken refuge among the wilds and rocks abounding on the coast of Antrim. For his disappearance was a mystery to all, and that he failed in the object of his mission was a bitter truth too soon brought home to the O'Mailles, who, bankrupt now in every way, sought refuge in the Court of Spain, leaving their treasure and the Jesuit priest to the un known fate which overtook him and his trust. Still the family was never thoroughly forgotten, and for many years the peasantry around Coleraine grew accustomed from their infancy to tell their story — of the noble sacrifice they had made, and of the thousands who had flocked beneath their standard for the common cause of Ireland. But Time steps in and banishes the proudest of remembrances, and when some remnant of the exiled family returned to settle in their native land, little of their past was. known to any but themselves, and even the story of Father Verite, J traditionally told by father to son, grew more and more obscure with each rising generation, savouring more of fiction than reality. But there the truth existed which would come to light some day, the truth which tells the story of The Hidden Million. CHAPTER II. " Is there no place of shelter from this storm ? " "No inn or house of any sort that I can see, but as we must have travelled some twenty miles or more along this wretched road, Bally- castle can't be very far off." " I hope not, " observed the first speaker cordially. " Poor Bess is Jired out, and hasn't known such a canter for many a day ; it 's this blinding rain which makes the way so difficult to penetrate j we have been riding; in the teeth of the wind for an hour or more. Is not that smoke rising yonder on our left ?" added the horseman, after looking about for shelter of some kind. " By Jove, it is," exclaimed his companion, "and there lies the little town beyond. Why, we have been circumnavigating Bally- castle, and just ahead of us must be the Giant's Causeway." " Here is a narrow pathway to our left," broke in the other. "Not safe enough to pass with the horses, though — that confounded wild bush touches overhead almost." " Then we must lead them, that 's all," exclaimed the veteran. " Come, Bess," he added, as with an effort he attempted to alight. " Ah, Maurice, I 'm not so nimble as I was ten years ago. Come, Bess, come. Are yoti all right, Maurice ? " " Quite right, but very wet. Even this sort of shelter is some relief," he added, as the two men led their horses through a narrow lane, or pathway, hedged by hawthorn bushes. " I hope you will be none the worse for this, Michael, or you may have cause to regret your visit to Antrim. Your son would have called it madness to ride beyond five miles of Bray at your age, and here are we touring through " "My son," interrupted his companion, "has done the ground himself, and expressed far more delight in reviewing the county of our ancestors than I have. In fact, my boy Owen had Coleraine Abbey and Antrim on the brain for weeks after his return, and was as enthusiastic in recounting the old legends of O'Maille as — as I was when his age." "For my part," observed his cousin, ankle deep in mud, "I shall be glad when we get back to Bray. Although the northern scenery is wild and picturesque enough, give me the more civilized county of Dublin — the noble bay — the " " Here 's a signboard," interrupted his companion, joyously. " And an inn, sure enough : good fortune to us." So the travellers, brightened by visions of steaming brandy and glowing fires, pushed forward. " Landlord S Landlord 1 ! Ahoy ! ! 1 " " Ho !— ho there 1 " " Here he comes, a regular son of Old Erin." " Good day to yer honours." "The like to you, landlord. Can you put us up for an hour or so ? " " Or until this storm is over?" added Maurice Winterton. " Sure, your honours, and deloighted. It 's moighty hard ridin' through such weather as this. Here, Terry, my lad — Terry 's my son, good gintlemen, and it 's rather deaf of hearin' he is. Terrv ! Terry ! See to these lovely craturs now," added the landlord, as a loutish lad approached from a neighbouring pigsty, chewing a long wheat straw. " Get an armful of hay and a bucket of fresh whather, and rub the pretty craturs down. This way, gintlemen," he added. " It 's niver a grand place I have to welcome the likes o' yer honours, but I '11 warrant ye '11 find it 's as clane iz a new pin." " Any port in a storm," observed Michael O'Maille, shivering after his long exposure to the wind and rain, as he entered the porch, and the parlour, at once. "Have you any brandy?" asked Winterton. " See to that, now — brandy, is it ? " observed the landlord, show ing his disappointment by scratching his head until his hat fell on the sanded floor. " Divil a drop have I, but soue of the finest whiskey, now, as ever ye put yer lips to." " Whiskey will do very well. You had better take your coat off, Michael." " If so be as you 'd like to change intoirely " But the travellers, declining this invitation, divested themselves of their coats and gaiters, and accepting the chairs placed for them before a blazing fire, waited the advent of the whiskey. Sir Michael O'Maille, a descendant of "The O'Maille" w hose- patriotism and love of country was recounted in the opening chapter of this story, was a man who had reached his sixty-seventh year, an. age, however, that very few would have ascribed to him ; light- hearted, jovial, kind to a fault, upright, sincere, with the warmth of an enthusiast, he was more like a man in the summer of his life than one who fast approached the seared and yellow leaf. He was a man. who never liked to be thought old, a man who rejoiced in youth but he was now too corpulent to enter into youthful sports — though, not unwieldy, be it understood, but too comfortably stout. His cousin, Maurice Winterton, though well filled up, possessed not the round, jovial, ingratiating face of O'Maille j there was more of the worldly man in his more thoughtful countenance and heavier brow — a man of cooler calculation and less enthusiasm. Although, some ten years younger than his companion, his hair was really greyer — in a word he was of the build and proportion of an active man. of business. Both travellers were dressed as nearly as possible alike, and both had set out with their own horses, unattended, from the seat of the O'Maille, near Bray, on a touring expedition through the: north of Ireland. Sir Michael O'Maille, who had been a widower for some years,, and his son Owen, now a young man recently attaining his majority, were the only living and direct representatives of the old family of Coleraine. His present companion, Maurice Winterton, was a cousin, of his late wife, and had lived for some years with the family, pre siding as a sort of tutelary mentor to their son, and a faithful ami de: famille. He had also proved himself to be the most invaluable coach when Owen was studying for honours at Trinity College, although it must not be concluded from this that Maurice Winterton was a dependent on the family he courted, for he held the strings of a purse of his own, which, if somewhat scantily furnished, had at least the advantage ol being self-supporting. " I hope the horses will be cared for," observed O'Maille, loosen ing his muffler and wiping his face and neck with a silk handker chief. "That lout of a boy understands his business, I've no doubt," replied his cousin ; " but our host's a lpng time.at that whiskey-jar. What a queer old place it is," he added j " very , jolly on a fine day, though, I should think." " And very comfortable on a wet one," observed O'Maille, still polishing his face until it almost reflected the glow of the ruddy turf fire before them. " I wonder what my boy is doing ? " he added, always pleased to think of others when "himself content. " Making love under the rose to Miss Selwyn at her father's house in London, I'll be bound," exclaimed Maurice. "So he didn't want me with him," he added, " although it 's the first time Owen has crossed the Channel without asking me to bear him company." " Well, he might do worse than marry Grace," observed O'Maille good-naturedly. "Squire Selwyn is rich, and that's the stuff, landlord." " Whiskey, gintlemen, and the horses are doin' famous, my Terry says ; for, though he 's rather deaf of hearin', he knows how to groom a horse wid the best of 'em. Phelim O'Callaghan says to me one day, says he, ' sure your boy Terry 's worth half a dozen o' them weterinary chaps,' says he, 'although he's deaf of hearin'.' Now if yer honours would like a noice sloice of boiled bacon " "The very thing," exclaimed O'Maille. " And pickles, sor ? " "Pickles by all means," laughed Maurice. "A most agreeable fellow indeed," he added, as their host once more retired. "Pork and pickles, eh? well, we might have fared worse had we been left to our fate on that boggy road to-night." " Begorrah and ye moight, gintlemen," observed the landlord, who, busying himself in a pantry just beyond the door, had over heard this last remark. "Ye moight have been garrotted on that same hoighway." "What !" exclaimed O'Maille, "have you marauders hereabout, then ? " " Sure and we have — any number of them. And there 's a divil of a shtir among the polis lately ; but niver a use are they aginst a set o' lawless Rapparees. " " Is it agrarianism, or what ?" asked Winterton. " Sure, sir, 'grarianism it is. Only a week come Tuesday, poor Mick Costigan was found half-dead on the Antrim Road, robbed o' his rints and papers, and poor Mick was as harmless as a — a suck- ing pig, niver an ill look to any one. Cold bacon, only cooked last Sunday week ; and you '11 foind the pickles to your taste, I hope. My woife wad have done as much, but she 's roight under wid the mumps," he added, lowering his voice and glancing uneasily towards the door ; "and, wid str- mgers about, she loses her head entoirely." " Well, I should think #you were pretty quiet here as a rule, though ? " observed Winterton, looking at the bacon. "Quiet, sor? ah, no," replied the landlord, still busying about the table ; " ye come here by the back way — the other side of the inn is the road to Ballycastle. We have as many as three or four parlys' a day during the summer-time. Here 's the steel, sir, if the carver needs a remoinder. We 're slackest in the evening — nobody but a few o' the neighbours to shmoke a quiet pipe by the chimney-corner there. But they '11 stick to their homes on such a noight as this. Hark to it, yer honours, it 's rainin' in torrents. And if ye 'd prefer tne lamp, I '11 just draw the curtains ; unless my boy Terry 's forgot the wick again. Terry 's bak'ard in many things, being rather deaf of hearin'." So saying, he pinned together some old chintz which did duty for curtains, and lighting a paraffin lamp placed it in the centre of the table. " Now, gintlemen, maybe ye 'd like some shtowt. The barrel 's nearly empty, worse luck ; for my Terry 's that slattern wid the tap, and always forgets to turn it off when he 's in the cellar. He can't hear what he does, ye see, gintlemen ; but he manes well, my boy." "Just so," observed O'Maille ; " we '11 try the stout." " Sure an' I can ricommind it to yer honours ; and if you want the horses got ready to-noight " The travellers exchanged significant glances, for as a matter of course they had resolved to remain at the inn until morning, and so expressed their wish, to the landlord's satisfaction and their own. " Now, Maurice, my boy," exclaimed O'Maille, with just a sense of amusement in his tone, as the landlord disappeared, " let me assist you to some of our host's good fare. " But even as he spoke both travellers were startled by a lurid and unearthly flash of light which for an instant pervaded the room. "A coming storm," Maurice exclaimed. " I thought we should have it before nightfall. And there 's its accompaniment," he added, as a peal of thunder grumbled overhead and slowly rolled away. " Bess is always frightened at a storm," exclaimed O'Maille, con cerned for the safety of his favourite mare. " I hope that ' deaf-of- hearing ' boy won't let her break her legs." " Shall I go and see?" asked Maurice, rising. " No, nonsense ; the idea, on such a night." But Maurice Winterton had crossed to the casement, and, drawing back the curtains, was peering out into the darkened night when a low cry of surprise, or fear, escaped him. " What's the matter?" asked O'Maille, turning in his chair and dropping his fork. " Nothing much. A face looking in at the window, and pressed ngainst the glass." "Some inquisitive neighbour, likely, or the landlord's son," observed O'Maille. " No ! " exclaimed Maurice, emphatically. " It was a face familiar to me, the face of a man I saw last in the company of your son, the face of don't laugh, Michael." "No," was the serious rejoinder. " The face of whom ? " " Laurence Selwyn ! " " Impossible ! " cried O'Maille. " Laurence Selwyn," he re peated, "is in London. Owen is staying with him at this moment. He — Grace's father — here? You must be mistaken, Maurice. Try This bacon," he added, with quite a relish, prepared to dismiss the subject and the face at the window as the common curiosity of some begging tramp. " You 're mistaken, Maurice, mistaken. " " Of course — mistaken," murmured Winterton, returning to his seat. " Impossible ! " he added, in an underbreatb, " I am not mis taken. Though in a squalid wretched garb the face was Laurence Selwyn's. What can it mean?" In vain he tried to cast the figure from him as an apparition, a — . c delusion of the moment. He would forget it. But the face rose between him and his appetite, and he could not eat. "What possible' motive could Laurence Selwyn have for masquerading in such: a garb, at such a place, on such anight?" he wondered, confident of a sure and certain recognition. For there are some faces which, once seen, impress themselves upon one's memory for a lifetime. Laurence Selwyn's face was one of these, and had so impressed itself upon the mind of Maurice Winterton, possessing as it did an unfortunate birth- mark, of which more anon, rendering forgetfulness or resemblance in another a thing impossible. Therefore the discovery visited Maurice with a gloomy reticence for hours. - So night succeeded evening, and the meal being removed O'Maille sat before the fire talking long arid cordially of the past, the present, and the future of his son ; but observing at last the strange rind unusually taciturn humour of his cousin, he seemed to sink alike arid grow depressed for something that would pass away an hour. To take a stroll was out of the question, for the storm was at its height, the rain was beating hard against the casement of the window, and the wind was howling still as dismally as it had done that day, "Faricy wearing away one's existence in a place like this ! " ex claimed O'Maille, peering into the shadows of the spacious room and toasting himself before the glowing fire. " Fancy that, eh, Maurice ? " he repeated. " Yes, the ennui would be frightful," responded Winterton, glanc- ing from his companion to the embrasured window, as if the face and figure that had drawn away at his approach still lingered there about. " There goes eight," he added, as an asthmatical clock in a corner of the room croaked out the hour. " I don't suppose they have a ghost of a book in the place, or even a paper of any sort. Pity we: couldn't reach Ballycastle ! " "Let us inquire," observed O Maille. " If they haven't a book they may have a backgammon board, or draughts," he added, draw ing a wry face. " How my son Owen would laugh if he saw me sitting down to a stupid game at draughts. I think you can beat Owen at chess, though," he added. Maurice laughed. Any reference to Owen always pleased him, he loved him as ' dearly as he would have loved a son of his own. " He was my pupil," he would say to O'Maille, " and although he 's your son. the honour of his distinction and success in life is partly mine. " In fact Owen had so crept into the hearts of both father and friend, that they regarded him with an equal air of right and proprietorship. Meanwhile, the landlord, responding to O'Maille's tug at the bell- rope, and anticipating same with lighted candles, was astonished to hear a request for something to read. " Begorrah, sor, I thought it was a bed ye wanted ? " "Not yet, landlord," observed Maurice; " so you may spare the wicks for an hour or so, unless you still observe the curfew toll," he added, pointing to the clock. "As long as ye loike, gintlemen. I thought maybe ye wor toired and would be glad of a rest, that 's all. As to readin'," he added, scratching his head and looking about him ruefully, " I really don't think, yer honours, I've a blessed scrap o' printing in the place, except the Wee kly News from Antrim, and that 's a fortnight past since Monday. " " Of course you have a Bible?" observed O'Maille. " Well, I did have one, sor," responded Dennis, growing very red ; " but my son Terry, he took and sold it clane out wan day to buy Limerick-twist at the fair. He didn't understand the vally of the book, poor Terry ; he never goes to confession, for he 's rather .deaf of heariri'." " Then you have absolutely nothing to give us to read ? " observed Maurice, somewhat techily. " Howld fast, sor," exclaimed the landlord loudly, whereat O'Maille grasped' the arms of his chair with the most startling alacrity. " We have wan book," continued the Irishman, shaking his head, " but it will nivv er see the loight o' day agin, leastways through me. It 's an 'oly Testimint, sor," he added, addressing himself to O'Maille, "and I do not know as ye could understand the printing of it. It isn't Oirish, and it isn't Wtlsh, and it isn't Scotch, but it's an Hebrew wan, and written in a foreign 'glyphic." "Hebrew, eh?" observed O'Maille. "Um — cr, Maurice, we will not venture on that, I think." " And it 's moighty glad I am when ye say so, sor," observed the landlord, " for whin I shows that book, ill-luck of some sort follows. Wanst I showed it to Larry O'Brien, who was curious loike — for priests had blessed it in my father's toime — and three stacks o' ine hay was burned. Another time, yer honours, I showed it to Father Donnovan, who came to bless my little girl — she died that night, but two year old, God bless it ! Another time, only a week gone by, I showed it to my good wife's sister, and sure if it wasn't the very hour poor Mick Costigan was all but killed on Antrim high road." "Mere coincidence, my good man," said O'Maille. " What harm could a Hebrew Testament bring to you ? It were but idle supersti tion to attach importance " "Superstition, interposed Dennis "or not, sor, there was the facts, and I 've wrapped it up extra strong in consequence, although it 's as old and as shabby as my cast-off brogues. But there 's the Oirish 7 dimes to be had every morning at the O'Connor Arms at Ballycastle." "Never mind," observed O'Maille with a smile, "we '11 quench our present thirst for literature with some more of that excellent whiskey of yours." "Sure, yer honours, and I 'd have showed ye the holy book with pleasure if it hadn't cost me so much already." " Never mind the book, bring us the whiskey — three glasses, if you will join us," interposed O'Maille. Dennis humbly thanked the gentlemen for the honour they con ferred, and hastened to execute their order. " I 've no patience with the man," exclaimed O'Maille on his de parture, " full of idle superstition and old women's fancies. ' "Strange, though, that he should attach so much importance to the book, observed Winterton. ' ' Perhaps it has its story, and it may amuse us to hear it," he added, yawning. " Story, indeed 1 " muttered O'Maille ; " why not get rid of the book? Burn it, if it cost all the trouble he ascribes to it." But any further speculation was brought to a close by the re appearance of the landlord. "Do ye know Dunseverick Castle, gintlemen?" he inquired, as he placed his tray upon the table. " I have heard of it," responded O'Maille. " Yes," echoed Winterton. " Well, sor, that same book once lay beside theskileton of a priest found beneath its ruins. My father's great-grandfather found it, and kept the book, and gave it to his son, and his son gave it to his son, and his son gave it to my father, and so it came to me — more 's the pity ; for begorrah ! I wish I 'd niver set eyes on it ; but" he paused, looking at Winterton, who was looking towards the window. "See!" he exclaimed, rising hastily, "that casement has been opened. Yes, I thought so." " Who can have done that now? Maybe the wind," observed the landlord. " But sure, now," he added, refastening it and return ing to his position by the table, as Winterton resumed his seat, "that priest must have been murdered, or he died of starvation, or — — " How do you know he was a priest ? " asked Winterton, impa.- tiently — in a strange mood this night. " His name was in the book, and the year, and " " A priest? His name — what was it !" asked O'Maille, with some curiosity. " Marcus Verite, and sixteen nointy underneath." "Marcus Verite!" exclaimed O'Maille. "Marcus Veritri !" re peated Winterton — both men rising simultaneously and regarding one another with strangely altered looks. " Landlord ! " exclaimed O'Maille, trembling in every limb, " you will let me see that book?" But the landlord shook his head. " Not for foive pounds," he faltered. " I make you the offer," cried O'Maille. " Show me that Hebrew Testament, and the five pounds are yours." You don't mane that, sor?" said Dennis, breathlessly ; "you're excited, the pair of ye." "On my honour as a gentleman, I'll give you 5 to see that book." "You have raised our curiosity, you see," observed Winterton, assuming quiet composure. " Foive pounds ! " repeated Dennis, staring into space. " I think I'll risk the curse of it for that." " Go and fetch it, then, at once," exclaimed O'Maille, his excite ment still manifest. But instead of going directly for the book, the landlord sought the rtf 1l!5 Wlfo. flnH hpinof « cVtr/awrl ari/1 ralniilofinnr " U" VMIWMIUUUg woman, with little further ambition in the world than, to look better than her neighbours, readily assented. " Money down, though, Dennis darling," she observed, " be sure of that " — she was a Scotchwoman — " they may be humbugging ye. But five pounds, I say, Dennis, five pounds will pay the half- year's rent." " I don't like," hesitated Dennis. " But it 's honestly come by," interposed his wife. " They mustn't have it, though," he said, " I '11 never part with the book entoirely." " Let them see it, then. That 's all they ask. Maybe no harm will come of that." So Dennis Quaile, procuring the book from the bottom of a linen chest, returned to his visitors, and placed it on the table between them, though not without much fear and trembling. " Whats this ? " asked O'Mailie, impatiently regarding what he consideredito be a bundle of rags. "The book, sor!" answered Dennis. " But why wrapped up in all this stuff?" observed Winterton, unwinding its linen covering and handing the volume to O'Maille, who, havint adjusted his spectacles, bent over the lamp and read upon the fly-leaf, as the landlord had averred. MARCUS VERITE 1690. "The same! the same!" he cried, "beyond a doubt. The crimson cross upon the cover ; faded, but still there. Dunseverick Castle, too, must be about the spot where Father Verite sought refuge. Hebrew ? — yes ! " he added, running over the leaves of the Testament under his thumb. " And what is this drawing ? " "Ah!" exclaimed Dennis, "that's the awful part of it, sor; that's, maybe, where some, murder was done, and he s drawn the spot to mark it — drawn it in his own blood." " It 's meant to represent a chasm, I think," observed Winterton. "Look ! with an arrow pointing to a cave in the side." "Have you never been inquisitive enough to investigate this matter ? " asked O'Maille. "Inquisitive, sor? I know the spot well, and not a living soul would dare to reach it. Why, it makes me giddy to think of it." " You know the spot, then?" cried O'Maille; " you — you recognize some likeness to it in this sketch ? " "Sure I do, and folks have said " He paused, his sentence broken never to be finished. A pistol-shot had reached his ears above the storm without. " It 's the curse," he cried, breaking an awful stillness by throwing up his arms and shivering with' fear. " The curse o' that 1 " he added, pointing at the book, and growing pale and cold, uiftil he stood like one who had been paralyzed — like one who tries to speak or move and finds both equally impossible. CHAPTER III. " What a pity dad was called so suddenly from home ! you have seen so little of each other since your visit. " " He may return before I leave you, sweet ; still, I wonder what possible business took him to Dublin. Of course, he will call on my father at Bray, and perhaps " Here the speaker paused, and, seeming to dismiss his thoughts, added lightly, "And yet, why should he ? " " Why should he what, Owen?" asked the fair girl, looking up to him. "Well, I thought, perhaps, that knowing so little of my father, he might have gone to Ireland for reasons that concerned our mar riage ; but," he added, cheerfully, observing a cloud on the young girl's brow, "reasons that in no way could affect it, darling." Grace Selwyn raised her face, ana the eyes of (he lovers met, with a glance that needed nothing more to tell how much they loved. With heart and thought, and sympathy in common, theirs was in very truth a love- match. Seated alone in the library of Thurston House, by Gloucester Gate, in London — the residence of Laurence Selwyn, widower — undisturbed by the hum of the busy world without, wrapt up in their own existence, pondering in dreamland over the happy future that would so soon be theirs. No storm-cloud hovering about the horizon of their youthful fancies ; all was peace, and joy, and quiet, and life with them one holiday of love. Grace, the only child of Laurence Selwyn, had arrived at the impressionable age of nineteen ; she was of slender build, though full and round in outline, with grace in every movement and repose in every action. Happily she possessed a very pleasing face — no doll dressed up, but womanly and sympathetic. 'Her features, if riot strictly beautiful, her sex averred, were deli cate and regular. We quote the opinion of her sex advisedly, pre ferring their impartial judgment in such matters to our own. But there was something in her calm, pale face which claimed the right of one's attention. It might have been the melancholy beauty of the great black thoughtful eyes that riveted and chained one so. She looked so like a woman that could suffer and be strong— a poet's heroine, an artist's queen. As certainly well worthy of the man who sought her hand as he was worthy of her. Of the average heieht or more, well-built and muscular, Owen O'Maille had reached his twenty-second year in perfect health and strength. His life, in fact, had been one calendar of perfect health. True, he had his share of the measles and the coughs and the colds and the trying hours of teeth cutting, but now in manhood he was free, light, and happy, unvexed at heart, unworried by the care of — -"i overwork or study, no vixen love to prove untrue, no anxiety of any kind soever ; for even the pain of occasionally instructing a bailiff at Bray to distrain upon such tenants as could and would not pay their rent, was more than reconciled to conscience by his forbearance towards those who would but could not. He was a very good man, better than the majority of his sex. Man is not perfect, but Owen O'Maille as nearly approached that acme as any ever yet has done. He had now turned his attention to a. portfolio of sketches drawn by Grace some years before at. school. " I am at least thankful for this uncertain light," she laughed, ob serving his curiosity with some embarrassment. " Not too dark to see the evidence of genius," he responded smiling. ' "Merci ! " she laughed, looking over his shoulder, "that's Kirk Braddon Church — and in the distance is the Snaeful ; but I am not certain whether the object on the right is a well or a cow. Shall I ring for Jean to bring more light ? " "Jean — not at any price; I think I can reach this lamp, and here are matches." So the lamp was lit, and the sketches examined. " What is this ? " asked Owen. ' ' Rather a-pretty house-; " " But a little out of drawing," laughed Grace, " and yet so like the old school. It brings back memories long forgotten, and conjures faces out of shadows long dismissed. One face above the rest, dear Owen — the hero of my schooldays." " Do you mean that blackguard Lennox ?" " Little did I think him then so bad. I pitied his misfortune and believed him good." And she looked back upon the past, and smiled at what seemed folly to her now, for the very name of Captain Lennox, however and wherever uttered, had borne to her the strangest fascination once. She had met him first when sketching by a country roadside when his1 horse, shying at her cardboard and easel, had given him the opportunity of creating an acquaintance he was not slow to fol low up; for, assuming to know the young girl's name— read in reality from the cover of a pencil-box beside her — he claimed at once good fellowship through a mutual friend, a fellow-officer and gentleman well acquainted with Grace Selwyn's father, and of whom the young girl had often heard him speak, and from whom Fox Len nox had heard something of Grace's beauty. He had even felt a kind of interest in her then, for being informed of Laurence Sel wyn's riches and position, and holding his daughter to be young, pretty, and impressionable, he had determined, with his usual sang froid , to seek an introduction, little dreaming that it would be so soon afforded under far better and more romantic , circumstances. More over, in his heart he very much questioned whether his brother officer would grant him the privilege of an introduction, for the paintbrush of life had daubed him with a very blast character. So he held it wise to say nothing of his rencontre with Miss Selwyn, but to carry out clandestinely this fresh acquaintance — a resolution he put into practice at every available opportunity ; and having every subtle art to win at his disposal, though long past the premib-e jeunesse , Grace saw, or fancied that she saw, much to admire in him, and was immeasurably proud of his attentions. Nor was there any thing about him to create distrust ; he was certainly well-bred, innately a gentleman, his features patrician, his smile so frank and pleasant, being far more calculated to disarm than to arouse sus picion. Grace remembered, too, when looking back upon the past, now smiling at her want of penetration, that his dress had always been relieved by an affectation of pseudo-finery, that two or three rings of false stones were on his fingers, and a horseshoe of diamonds (?) was stuck through his scarf, He had represented himself to be the youngest son of a certain Earl Fox Lennox — which may or may not have been true — continu ally bewailing his brother's better fortune and anathematizing his own "bad luck." But Grace had given him a generous love, deeming the Earl's allowance of three hundred per annum sufficiently princely for a matrimonial partnership. She had not, of course, the least sus picion in the world that Fox Lennox — although he always dropped the Fox with her, and aped the lion of valour — was playing for her fortune. She would have written to her father, having no secrets from him, telling all the truth ; that her hand had been asked of her, that she was really loved, and by a soldier and a hero, who could speak of "most disastrous chances, of moving accidents by flood and field " — she would have written to her father thus from school, imploring his consent, had not Fox Lennox enjoined her to strict secrecy. She never understood his motive rightly then, although his cruel purpose laid it bare in time. She was to be privately married, and until such time as they were man and wife, to tell no word of it to any living soul, and her love and spirit had naturally revolted at such a base and heartless pro position. She seemed to waken from her love-dream suddenly, and waking, felt the pain of what must follow. It was as though her childlike thoughts had vanished into empty space and she had warmed to woman in an hour. She seemed thankful, grateful from her soul for what had happened, and had answered him — no more the Grace he knew, the weak and yielding creature he had deemed her, but a woman, fearless, strong, in her voice a hard contempt which struck him like a blow upon the mouth, though, in her eyes the tears of passion trembled. She remembered how he had dropped into a chair, and how she had left him in the morning-room at Mrs. Tiffany's with the weight of a great care upon him, as though some mask had fallen from his face, leaving it lined and aged. She knew it was in vain to look for any lingeripg trait of good to show itself in him j and she left him, determined to start her life afresh as from a second birth, al though this bitter knowledge and experience of her young heart's love had stung her past forgetfulness She could have no longer faith in him, even had he meant no actual harm and really loved her, for she was inclined to think that his object for their secret union was the fear that her father would, when inquiring into his character and position, withhold his consent. But in a very few days, when Captain Fox Lennox had departed with his regiment, strange stories got afloat concerning him, toge ther with many other tales which the young ladies at Mrs. Tiffany's were not slow to advance, half-spitefully, to Grace, for they had once been envious of the Captain's close attentions. He had left the town deeply in debt, being also much involved with money-lenders, who, it appeared, had been duped by him in advancing on the supposed fortune that would coine to him upon his father's death, but, on writing to that father, had received answer that his son Captain Fox Lennox was in receipt of a certain allowance from him, and that he would in no way be responsible for his liabilities. She never saw him again, however, although she received her first and only letter from him on the night of her refusal ; a letter in which he wrote half threatening, half appealing words ; but in her wounded pride, and after what had passed, she tore it into atoms, and renounced his love indignantly. Still was there something in those passionate words which she could not forget, and constantly the fear would rise that she and he would meet again some day. Even now, with her lover's arm about her, and her heart so full of joy, some remnant of that fear returned, but she would look for ward to the love and home that awaited her and put aside the 0 past, forget the words his hand had penned in cruel threat against her : " While I live you shall be no man's wife but mine." She had told them to Owen and he had laughed at them, but had taken the trouble to inquire the history of Fox Lennox from the time he left the Isle of Man and Mrs. Tiffany's pupil. He had left his regiment, it appeared, and secured a Government appointment in Belfast jail, whither he remained but a very little time, having taken the law in his own hands in pronouncing punish ment on refractory prisoners, and several complaints being made to the Home Office, he not only found himself discharged from the jail, but expelled from his club, where he had been no special favourite from the first. Since that time Owen never knew what had become of him. The earl, his father, was dead, and since his death, though never men tioned in his will, the ex-captain had received a certain sum of money from his elder brother, who, solely inheriting the estate, promised to continue the three hundred per annum allowed in their late father's lifetime. So wherever the man might be he was far from being unprovided for. But the lovers were not going to allow this blot in the firmament to cloud their sunshine all the evening ; so Captain Fox Lennox and his threats were forgotten, the sketches replaced in the port folio, and Owen was turning over the leaves of the latest love-song which Grace sang very softly, very prettily, unstraining for effect. " What beautiful words 1 " exclaimed Owen rapturously, as the last notes of the symphony died away. " The story is a poem, and strangely apropos of " But his eulogium was interrupted by the appearance of a servant, who bore a letter marked immediate, which had been forwarded by a commissionnaire from the hotel where Owen was staying. "Thank you," he observed, and, at once recognizing the hand writing, he bade the servant give the messenger a shilling. " It 's from Maurice, darling," he exclaimed, as the servant dis appeared. _ "You like Maurice Winterton, don't you, dear?" "Yes, because I believe him to be genuine, and your dearest friend." "My dearest friend," repeated Owen. "Yes. May I read it aloud, he added, "that is, if you would care to hear it?" "If it has no secret you would keep from me." Owen kissed her fondly, and she sat at his feet and listened. " ' My dear boy Owen ' — he always calls me his dear boy, he always did — ' you will be surprised to hear that your father and I have been touring through Antrim.' By < Jove, I am surprised. Dear old dad ! I hope the change will do him good." " Is that in the letter, Owen ? " Grace inquired, smiling. "No, dear, no; my own observations thrown in by the way. This has been an artful excursion arranged by Maurice for my father's benefit ; he's getting so dreadfully stout, you know, and," he continued reading, " ' prepare yourself, my boy, for a great grief and a great surprise. We arrived home last night, your father none the better for his journey. . . .'" ' ' Read straight on, O wen, and aloud. Something has happened . " It was Grace who spoke, for her lover had paused, regarding the note mechanically, his face pale, his lips apart, his eyes dilated. . . . . " ' We had put up at an inn to escape a storm on the road to Ballycastle, and there, as by some miracle, we came across a Hebrew Testament, which plainly tells the fate of Father Verity, and gives some clue to find the Hidden Million. . . " Oh, Owen, it is good news, then," Grace exclaimed. " The old story raked up after all these years." " « We had no sooner made this discovery,' continued Owen, eagerly, ' than we were alarmed by the report of a pistol in the storm without. So your father and myself, together with the landlord and his son, hastened out into the night, our search re warded in a short time by the discovery of a body, which turned out to be that of a neighbouring landowner, shot through the heart. It was then we missed your father for the first time ; the storm was raging wildly, and I grew terribly anxious as to what had become of him. It was nearly an hour before we tound him, lying senseless in the barn through which we had hurried on leaving the inn. He had been struck down from -behind, and the only explanation he can give is that he had paused to fasten his silk handlcerchief about his throat, and that the blow was dealt him in that instant. He had cried for help, but no one heard, and then he fell into a kind of stupor, with a heavy sense of pain, benumbed, remembering nothing more until we restored him to -consciousness by the fireside of the parlour in the inn. " Now, Owen, don't, for Heaven's sake, conclude from this that your father was dangerously hurt ; on the contrary he was able, with myself and the landlord, to attend the inquest held in the same par lour on the following day, after which we drove to the nearest station and proceeded home by train. I would have wired across but your father would not hear of it : with his usual good nature and his love for you — God bless him — he did not wish to sjooil your happiness, he said, by any unnecessary anxiety. He would write to you himself, but, entre nous , he is too weak, although he won't admit it. We arrived three hours ago, still he would only let me write to you this brief account of what has happened. He spoke of little else upon the journey but the hidden treasure and of you. A Dublin physician has just left him, and there is no good disguising the fact from you my dear Owen that he looked very grave. The blow has been a serious one, and concussion of the brain might follow. Forgive the preamble of this letter. I daresay I will see you oyer here to-morrow, although I shall not tell your father you are coming ..... I would give my life to have the man who struck that blow before me There may be greater disappointments yet in store for us God bless you, my boy, my boy and my kind regards to Miss Grace. And just fancy our discovering a clue to the old story of the Hidden Million. " ' Your faithful friend and cousin, "'Maurice Winterton. " 'P.S. — I hear Miss Grace's father, Laurence Selwyn, is in Ireland, and called hereon the day we started for the north. I hope' you will have a pleasant journey across ..... Your father sends his love to you and Grace. 1 " M. W.'" « At noon upon the following day, when Owen O'Maille was crossing from Holyhead to Dublin, his father was passing quietly from earth, his head pillowed on the arm of Maurice Winterton. CHAPTER IV. For three months after Geoffrey O'Maille's death Owen spent his undivided time in earnest endeavour to discover some clue to the murderer of the landowner near Ballycastle, for from his hand the blow which struck his father unto death was at first supposed to have been delivered. But it appeared that deaf Terry, on searching the barn more thoroughly upon the evening of the inquest, found beside the door a log of heavy wood, which had fallen from a cross-beam overhead, on which it had for some time rested insecurely. But strange to say, the lad attached but little consequence to his discovery, and allowed some weeks to elapse before mentioning the circumstance, and then quite casually, to his father, who at once conveyed the fact to Owen, rv — — — — expressing as his opinion that it was just possible the log had fallen of its own accord, or was shaken by the storm, as Geoffrey O'Maille was passing through the barn. Owen was very glad to accept this circumstance as conclusive. It eased him of a great responsibility, for, despite the liberal reward and the vigilance of the police, no trace of the assassin had been found ; and it had been the steadfast and determined object of his. life to bring his father's murderer to justice. Seated now with Maurice Winterton in the same large parlour of the inn in which his father sat so recently, full of life and happy thoughts, they sat discussing the one great event which was to bring abrut a happy change in their position, — the discovery of the Hebrew Testament, which the mysterious sketch — a keystone — locked through ages past — revealed to them its story. Sad subsequent events, so little dreamed of then, so greatly mourned for now — alas to Maurice Winterton it seemed but yes terday, when he arrived at the tumble-down old inn, with Owen's father, seeking shelter from the storm ; he could hardly realize so great a blank, so sad a change had taken place within such little time. But he had done his very best to dissipate his cousin's thoughts, and for the last few days of their sojourn at the inn—in fact, since Dennis had spoken of his discovery in the barn — the dead had seldom found an echo from the lips of either man ; both seemed to be trying to forget, but, drawn together by still stronger ties of sympathy and friendship, the past would rise sometimes at neither's bidding, and their hearts would mirror back to life the face they had loved and mourned. Happily their minds were now engrossed with other thoughts, which ripened into action. On the morrow they had decided to seek out the place which the sketch upon the Hebrew Testament so faithfully portrayed, and where, hidden in the cave to which the arrow pointed, they felt convinced the priceless jewels of the ancient family lay buried. Both felt assured the undertaking would be one of peril, but to Owen the prospect was gilded with romance, an adventure in which he felt proud to figure as the hero, remembering the buried genera tions of his family, from whom the story had been handed down to him. He had written to Grace Selwyn day by day a long and full account of his proceedings, and had spent the best part of his leisure conning her replies. Of course, in Maurice Winterton he had an earnest sympathizer, for the old tutor wished no fairer destiny for Owen than to see him the happy husband of Grace Selwyn — his father's latest words had shaped that wish — and yet a doubt rested on the honest heart of Maurice, a doubt that grew into a fear, a fear he dared not whisper to the youth he really loved, and yet a fear no effort of his own could banish. It had haunted him incessantly from the hour in which he saw a pale and frightened-looking face gaze in upon him through the window — the window on which his eyes were fixed again-, this night in earnest thought. Still of opinion he was not mistaken, a fancy came to him to ques tion OWen, who, sealing the envelope of a letter to Grace, seemed to anticipate his friend's anxiety, attributed it to some doubt as to their journey on the morrow. "No, no," responded Maurice, " I was not thinking of to-morrow; I was thinking of the future, and your chance of happiness in it." " Dear old Maurice, unselfish ever. Well, my prospect is a good one ; apart from the past, which has robbed me of so much, I shall find true happiness with Grace." " I hope so, Owen," answered Maurice warmly, " with all my heart I hope so." " Why speak sc earnestly, as though in doubt of what you wish ? ' inquired Owen. ' ' Life is comprised of such uncertainties. One never can be sure of perfect happiness. Perhaps, though," he added, " I am speaking with the bitter memory of the past before me. Forget it ; I am only wandering." " You are hiding something from me, Maurice. Was it any wish of my poor father's ? " "My dear boy, no. Your happiness was his. With the last breath of his life, almost, he blessed your union. He asked me, needlessly, to be your friend — as though I could be anything else," he added, looking into Owen's honest face — "and bade me give you all the help I could to find the hidden million. There would be danger attending its recovery, and I was to see you ran no risk." " But some one must descend into the chasm. Do you mean my valet, Robinson, to do it ? " " No ; I mean to do it myself. Robinson, indeed ! " he added, laughing ; " he is far too flighty for anything so venturesome." "You descend, Maurice? No, dear friend. All the honour of this adventure must be mine." And as he spoke he pictured to himself what Grace would think if he permitted Maurice Winterton to go the perilous journey, whilst he, like a coward, fighting for his own, allowed his dearest friend to take all risks. "No, no — certainly not, Maurice," he observed aloud. Maurice laughed. " Time enough to raise the question of descent when we discover the spot," he observed. "At present we have only the landlord's wairanty for its existence. So your resolution is a detail in the meantime. Are you going to walk into the village with that letter ? ' " If you will come with me, yes." "With pleasure. There are some good cigars in your case, and we can make our final arrangements for to-morrow as we go along." " Good. I '11 just tell Robinson of our intentions. Do you know, I am half sorry that we brought him with us. It seems so absurd to travel with one's valet, to put up at an inn like this." " Robinson has been grumbling, I suppose ? " " Hardly, but he has been indulging his satire at the landlord's expense. A harmless fellow, Robinson. But we need not have brought him ; even Laurence Selwyn never lakes his valet with him when he travels." " He travels a great deal, it seems," Maurice observed thought fully. " His daughter must miss him sadly." . " She is used to it. He was away three years once. When I first met Grace he had just returned. He is always revolving in his mind the most gigantic speculations, and he 'II go to the end of the world to carry them out. He is immensely rich, and a jolly good fellow. Here are the cigars, so while you 're lighting up I '11 just say a word to Robinson about our decision for to-morrow." Thus saying he quitted the parlour and approached the kitchen, where he discovered his valet holding an animated conversation with old Dennis on the question of the Land League. "I am sorry to disturb you, Robinson." "Sir Owen," exclaimed his valet, deferentially, "I would have waited on you " " Mr. Winterton and myself are going as far as the village, and will return to supper, in an hour. In the meantime, please prepare for our departure to-morrow." " And it 's sorry I am to hear it, sor," cried Dennis Quaile, whose sentiments were echoed by his wife, whilst Terry, seated on a pile of turf, which did present service for a stool, said that he was very glad ; but "Terry hadn't understood," the landlord said, apologeti cally, " being rather deaf of hearing" So Owen and his old tutor walked to Ballycastle, and in their absence came a visitor to the inn, asking politely for accommodation for the night. "A stranger to theseparts, sir?" smiled old Dennis, apologizing as usual for the deafness of his son, who bore the strangera luggage to the parlour. . bb b "Have you any other visitors here now?" the stranger asked, avoiding the question, and listlessly reading a copy of the reward which offered two hundred pounds for the discovery and apprehension of the murderer of , which document was posted immediately in front of the old-fashioned porch. "Yis, sor— two visitors staying here a month come Tuesday. Happen your honour has heard o' that murder ? " "No,' replied the stranger, reading the bill attentively. Then raising his eyes, he asked quite calmly, "Aren't the scoundrels found ? " " Scoundrels, sor — there were two of 'em, then ?" "Two ! — did I say two ? No. Were there two ? " " I don't know that, sor, but they brought the poor young master here, shot through the heart, and robbed of every penny, and he had a soight of gold about him, near on seven hundred pounds ; but he was dead— stone dead— and I thought of his poor mother at home. He was an only son, you know." " Tcs — poor devil 1 Can you give me anything to eat ? " "Yes, sor ; we have some boiled beef, sor ; and his mother was well nigh broken-hearted. She came here,' sor, to recognize him, and the country folk for miles around went to his funeral. He was a poor harmless lad, with a kind heart to the' needy. I think o' many acts of his now he ' s gone ; they shine out bright somehow, and keep his memory green. This way, sor. It isn't much of a place to welcome the loikes o' yer honour. " "Who did you say was stopping here?" inquired the stranger brusquely, " Sir Owen O'Maille, sor, and his cousin, Mr. Winterton." The stranger's face turned pale, and then a stern expression — fierce, vindictive— ruled it for an instant and in an instant fled. " Sir Owen O'Maille, eh ? Ah ! a good old family, I suppose ? " " Sure, sor, the O'Maille of Coleraine— — " " Bring me some whiskey and something to eat, — anything will do ; only don't trouble or make any fuss about it. Is this room private ? " "Well, no, sor; it's in a gineral koind of way a public room, being the only wan we have, sor ; but I can shew your honour to a bed-room, it 's pretty large, and sometimes used as a sittin'-room comboined." " Certainly, take me to it," responded the stranger, and Dennis led the way upstairs, passing the kitchen in which the family seated round the fire were silent listeners to the conversation of the land lord and the stranger. " This room will suit me better," observed the latter, "my stay is so short. I leave early to-morrow, and have made arrangements at Ballycastle for a car to meet me here a little after five." " Terry shall attind yer honour. Terry 's my son, sor, and he 's rather " "Was that Sir Owen O'Maille's servant in the kitchen with your good lady as we passed ? " interrupted the stranger, looking hard into the landlord's face. "His valet, sor, and a very intilligint man lie is. Mr. Robin son they call him." " Oh 1 just fetch me the whiskey and tell your son to carry my oortmanteau up here ; and, landlord — but never mind, by-and-bye will do. Thank you, that 's all," he added, for Dennis Quaile was looking at him stupidly. ' ' Whiskey and cold beef, sor," he repeated, taking his departure. The stranger left alone looked round the room. It was large, and being situated exactly over the parlour was consequently of the same dimensions. The furniture was old and limited. A four-post bed stead with sombre drapery stood opposite the low, broad, diamond- paned window, embrasured as the one beneath, through which the setting sun shone with a ruddy glare. The floor was billowy and uncertain, the sloping ceiling down at corners, and the whole apart ment had an air of general dilapidation which the stranger surveyed with an air of disgust, and then pressing the seat of an arm-chair with his hand tested its firmness ere accepting its support. For he was none of the lightest, his frame being muscular, broad and sinewy, and his whole build indicative of considerable strength. ' " Is this destiny or misfortune ? "-growled the fellow in" an under tone : " of course O'Maille won't know me, how should he ? I suppose the marriage is postponed on account of his father's death ? his marriage — with her,n he added, then rose and walked towards the window, and looking out upon the country road which led to Ballycastle, murmured his old song. " Why can't I forget ? She was created for prosperity. With me, a tramp, a pariah, she would have never known a moment's happi ness. I thought I loved her for her fortune, until I found, too late, I loved her for herself. Well, I 've kept away from her some way, and I 've lived, enough and seen enough since then to have killed a score of men. Good Heavens ! how all the past comes back to me to night — the quiet school and country lanes, and the love that grew upon her. How I watched it grow, and longed for it, and climbed for it, and fell. Mad fool I was to try to tempt her into flight, when — who knows ? — in time she might have persuaded her father to let her love me, and he might have overlooked my want of fortune, and I might have been her husband ; or if Selwyn refused, I might still have re tained her secret love. It would have kept me steadier perhaps, and I might have been a better man possessing it. I might have lived within the bounds of a younger brother's miserable income, instead of facing ruin every day, instead of stooping down to crime and shame to shield me from a prison. Oh, if things only had been otherwise. If I had taken my tide of fortune at the flood, I shouldn't have been the wretched beggar that I am. Yes, beggar," he added moodily, " for I 've known starvation. A beggar in every sense of the word but to ask for alms ; and that true poverty never docs ; it steals and lives, defeating earthly justice if it can ; or starves and dies with honour in a garret, and the great world never knows. " He brushed the hair back from his face impatiently, revealing a brow that was prematurely marked, and features which bore the stamp of recklessness and dissipation. Withal a look of hardened vice, which plainly told his story. " I remember frightening her with some weak threat or other," he continued, " if she ever dared to marry while I live. I wonder if she has that letter now, or still remembers it? By Jove," he added, looking through the window to recognize in the two travellers approaching Sir Owen and his iriend, "by Jove, it would seem as though fate reminded me of my threat and armed me with opportunities." He paused, and pressed his finger nails into his hands and turned from the window, adding through his teeth, " Her husband, her husband 1 I daresay he 's very handsome, but I needn't care to look." And yet despite this latest resolution he reapproached the win dow, and studied well and silently the features of O'Maille. " I may want to recognize him some day," he thought, "and a slight knowledge of his features may be useful." He little dreamed how near that day was to his life, or the inci dent of horror it bore with it, an incident by which he would remembei it till death. c <)- " CHAPTER V. The reader ere this will have made a pretty shrewd guess as to the identity of the traveller at the inn, who was no other than Captain Fox Lennox, the pseudo-hero of Grace Selwyn's school-days, and whose present curt and reticent behaviour had excited the conver sational powers of Dennis Quaile for the remainder of the evening. . He had sent his wife to wait upon him, that he might gather her opinion, bowing with humble deference, although with some sur prise, to her assertion that the stranger was at least a gentleman, and that she saw nothing whatever mysterious about him. " Ef you'd been ould and ugly, now, instead of young and ilegant," exclaimed her husband, with a fidgety jealous movement, " happen he 'd have been as short and ketch-you-up- like with you as he was with me." "Oh, you've been offended by him, Dennis, surely," remarked his wife, gratified on seeing her husband's jealousy. "Did he tell you his name?" asked Robinson, who, seated close to Terry, by the fire, was furbishing at his leisure a pair of his master's spurs, which occupation Terry was beholding with his eyes and mouth wide open, his elbows on his knees, and his cheeks upon the knuckles of his hands. "It's writ on his portmanteau," exclaimed the lad, rightly com prehending for once, and speaking in a voice loud enough to be heard all over the house. "Hush!" exclaimed Dennis; "what name was it?" but receiving from his son that peculiar look indicative of deafness, he repeated the question, then as suddenly remembered that Terry couldn't read. " And he's taken it upstairs to the front parlour, where the gentle man isj" he exclaimed; "but maybe, now, as you're a good scholard," he added, turning to his wife, who was busying herself in a pantry near the door, " you could just give a peep at the writing when you bring down his supper-things ? ' " Sure will I ; and if his name's as good as his looks, its roight down handsome it is." " Oh," exclaimed Dennis. For what had the stranger said or done, he wondered, to inspire Mrs. Q. with such admiration for him 1 " Struck me," observed Robinson, slowly, " party looked rather blazzy." " Blazzy ? " exclaimed Dennis in a ' note of interrogation, and showing his ignorance by rubbing his chin. " Who 's he ? " "Afost, reprobatey, go-a-heady sort of man — seemed to me, at least," responded Robinson, delicately yawning, as he continued languidly to apply the leather to the spurs, on hearing which Dennis regarded him and his work with a look that might have_ meant a quiet contempt for his laziness or a dazed admiration of his genius. Robinson wasn't very certain which, as he continued to observe — " Moresomedever, he was struck all of a pile when he heard my master's name ; seemed to know him, taken quite aback, as anyone would be to hear of Sir Owen O'Maille putting up at a da-lightful country 'ostlery like this." " Happen he 's a friend," suggested Dennis, proudly, looking round the "delightful country 'ostlery," as far as the kitchen walls would let him, with a' certain lordly air of proprietorship, until his eyes rested on Terry, where they remained with a look of astonishment that seemed to be looking miles beyond the boy. "Well, he can't be an enemy, dear," observed Mrs. Quaile. " Sir Owen has no enemies, I 'm sure," she added, turning to his valet to endorse her belief. "Well," observed Robinson, pursing his lips and closing his eyes thoughtfully and swinging his right knee about as though over hauling a whole volume of his master's acquaintance, "none as I know of. But," he added, apropos of Mrs. Quaile advancing from the pantry with a brace of cold fowl, "as Sir Owenhordered supper to be got ready against his return, and he 's been back half an hour or more ," at which remark old Dennis suddenly advanced and pushed Terry from his stool, upon which the boy cried lustily that he had set the supper on the table in the window, as the gentle men had ordered, and that it was his mother who kept the pantry key and not him, and that his father should have struck her, not him ; on hearing which reproof the mother glanced indignantly at Dennis, inquiring why he struck the boy, an accusation Dennis instantly denied, upon which the boy became indignant, and pointing at the wreck of his turf stool referred- to Robinson, who saw the deed committed, but whose only answer was, " Cold fowl and 'am," looking at the dish which Mrs. Quaile supported. So supper was at once served, and Robinson being sent for by Sir Owen, advanced towards the open window, in the embrasure of which sat Sir Owen and his cousin. "Shut the door, Robinson, and sit down," observed Winterton, for Sir Owen was scanning some legal-looking documents strewn over the plates before him " Oh, Robinson ! " he said, looking up on observing the entrance of his valet, " one minute, open the claret. Let me help you to some of this fowl, Maurice. You've been with me some years, Robinson," he continued, turning to his valet, " and I 've always found you truthful and honest." "Excellent qualities," observed Winterton, buttonholing his finger- napkin. "Sir Owen," stammered the valet, blushing, or it might have been the exertion of drawing the cork from that bottle of question able St. Julien, " I hope you have no present reason to doubt " "None whatever, — none whatever. I merely supplement the remark as our assurance and safeguard for a secret we wish you to observe, a matter in which we ask your aid. " Robinson coughed delicately twice and closed his lips, looking perfect innocence as nearly as he could, then poured out the claret quietly. " You have everything prepared for the journey to-morrow ? "Yes, Sir Owen, everything; and the train leaves at eight o'clock." "Train! what train?" asked Winterton, commencing on the fowl. "The train to Dublin, sir." " We are not going home just yet, Robinson," observed Sir Owen, quietly ; "we have a mission of importance to go through with first." Then, in as few words as possible, he explained- the motive for their journey to a chasm on the north-west coast of Antrim, in quest of a certain treasure which lay hidden there. " You don't mean to say, Sir Owen, you 've discovered the secret of the old family jewels ? " exclaimed Robinson, who having heard repeated reference of late to some great discovery and undertaking on the part of his master, and knowing well the ancient legend of O'Maille, at once concluded that some clue to the depository of this great treasure had been at last obtained. " Not actually discovered," replied Sir Owen, " but certain facts have come to us furnishing a drawing of the chasm and the cave, which reveal nothing beyond the bare circumstantial supposition that the jewels lie buried there. At all events, we start upon the road to- morrow, and wish you to accompany us." Robinson was overjoyed, and grew perfectly excited, so elated was he at the prospect of an adventure and discovery so great ; moreover, he was flattered by the trust his master had reposed in him, and determined to prove himself worthy of it in all respects. At present his silence only was desired, so he left them promising to o observe their, wishes, although 'twas well perhaps— or ill perhaps, for the future will show— that neither he nor his master knew how terribly unguarded they had been, that every sentence uttered had . already borne an echo to the ears of the traveller who sat beside the open window of the room just overhead, and who had listened breathlessly, keenly alert to let no syllable escape him. Perhaps no one but those who have particularly observed can fully know how thoroughly sound rises, especially when the ear above is undisturbed by any distracting or surrounding element ; for under such circumstances one can almost syllable a whisper into words, certainly an ordinary conversation, as distinctly as the persons ad dressed. In this instance the whole purport of Sir Owen's journey had been overheard by Fox Lennox, who listened as one might listen to a secret plan or purpose, action unconsidered, until time matured his thoughts and shaped them into something like decision. For here was a revelation which concerned him deeply, nay, more affected his own object for the morrow. But thereby hangs a tale, which the future action of Fox Lennox will reveal. True to his assertion, the'car arrived for him a little after daybreak, and partaking only of a cup of coffee he set out upon his journey, following the road to Ballycastle and , the shore, the road which would so shortly afterwards be traversed by Sir Owen and his cousin. Dennis and his wife were perfectly satisfied with the liberality of their short-staying visitor, but both were a trifle disappointed at not discovering his name, for Terry had been mistaken as to the printed matter on the portmanteau, which merely proved to be a north of Ireland railway label, declaring the passenger to have travelled vid Coleraine. Truly, they had discovered by his own confession that he was a tourist bent on doing the northern scenery, to_ which intent he had possibly ascribed his object in carrying with him sufficient provender to appease the craving of an ordinary appetite for two or three days. At least, so Dennis Quaile concluded, for the stranger, paying pretty liberally for his store of provisions, had entirely cleared the larder out that morning, a fact Mrs. Quaile regretted when Sir Owen and his friend demanded a substantial breakfast. However, as both gentlemen expressed their perfect satisfaction at the meal she had prepared, taking no evident interest in her story of excuses, or of the tourist whose only object in coming to the inn had seemed to be to supply himself with an extraordinary store of provisions, Mrs. Quaile at once set to work with Dennis to make out their bill, over which, by the way, she had been wrangling with him half the night, until Dennis fell asleep, dreaming that his life was spent in presenting a copy of Sir Owen's bill to everyone in the neighbourhood, and that his wife stood at his elbow with innumer able receipt- stamps in her hand, Dennis only being prepared to make his mark. This nightmare consequent, on an overdose of whiskey, the first bottle of which Robinson, being in unusually high spirits, had insisted on paying for ; while Dennis, who could never before boast of having entertained a baronet's valet, and could afford to advertise his liberality in consequence, insisted on returning the compliment by paying for a second bottle, which he did, putting the money into his excellent wife's little hand — a suggestive example to Robinson, who did the like ; both men, however, rousing themselves in the morning con siderably the worse for a splitting headache, which neither acknow ledged but which both felt, especially Robinson, who, being un accustomed to such ardent spirit, set about his work in a drowsy, lethargic way which even the prospect of adventure could not dissipate. He had been told by Sir Owen at breakfast to unpack his travel ling trunk, and take therefrom a coil of stout rope. By accident, he emptied out Mr. Winterton's stock of apparel, and finding a thin boll of twine concealed in an empty collar-box, presented it to his master. "Blockhead!" exclaimed Sir Owen, with evident annoyance. " I told you stout rope— a coil of rope — some forty yards long ; you must have seen it a dozen times since we left Bray. Make haste, please," he added, as Robinson seized the door-handle, muttering apologies, " for we have little time to lose. " So the valet hastened from the room to execute his commission, leaving Sir Owen and his cousin in the parlour of the inn for the last time together. " Do you know I have been thinking half the night," observed the former, with a troubled air about his handsome face, "or fancying, rather — for it 's nothing else but fancy, understand — until the fancy worried me past sleep. It's very absurd, I know," he added, break ing off with a smile, "and you, Maurice, will laugh at me on hearing it." "My dear boy, what is it? " inquired Winterton, with some con cern. " Do you remember Grace's father, what he was like ? " Sir Owen asked. " I introduced you to him, you know, when we were in London together in the autumn of last year." "Yes, I remember Laurence Selwyn very well," responded Win terton, looking at his finger nails. " His was a face one would not readily forget." "Just so — exactly. A face that we might describe from memory pretty correctly, eh? A face that would answer to description." " Ye-es ; but why " " Because — well, listen, old friend, and I '11 describe that face — and you must answer if I mirror it correctly." Maurice Winterton walked slowly to the window and looked out ; the window through which he had seen the face in the storm, and his own grew dark and thoughtful as he remembered it. "Well, Owen, my dear boy, I 'm all attention," he observed. " Of course, what I am going to say, Maurice, is merely a coinci dence ; bear that in mind, for Heaven's sake." "Yes." ' ' And that it is very far from any supposition or belief of mine, being a thing impossible — a circumstance which ends in a resem blance, nothing more." "I think I, understand you, " observed Winterton, turning to his friend ; "you have been reading the reward posted all over county Antrim which describes the supposed murderer of the young land owner, who is alleged to be an escaped convict, and you have curiously drawn from that description a striking resemblance to Laurence Selwyn." Sir Owen raised his head, and for a moment regarded his cousin without speaking. "You don't mean to say that the likeness has occurred to you?" he said, at last. " How very singular ! " And then he laughed aloud. "How grave your face is, Maurice, though," he added. " Is it ? " laughed his friend. " For all the world as if you thought there was something in this strange coincidence." " Heaven forbid ! " " Of course," observed Sir Owen, being interrupted by Robinson, who presented a letter to his master, which Sir Owen accepted with a smile, and broke the seal at once. For he had expected to hear from Grace this morning, and with this hope had despatched a mes senger to the post-office in case he might leave the inn before the first delivery. — V_ But the car Was at the inn door now, and the little luggage they had with them was strapped upon the side and guarded by ti e valet Robinson ; and as the mare and Winterton were getting fidgety, Sir Owen had to postpone his letter-reading to wave fare well to the occupants of the inn and take his seat beside his cousin. Mrs. Quaile exhibited an unnecessary show of tears at parting, as Mr. Q. afterwards testified ; but the little woman's heart was touched, she had a son of her own, she said, and could sympathize with Sir Owen. But what that son of her own, who was little more than half the age of the baronet, had to do with her sympathy ft r him, Mr. Q. was again at a jealous loss to understand. However, he was very glad that he had accepted Sir Owen's liberal offer for the Hebrew Testament, and was prepared to encounter any amount of disaster consequent thereon for the sake of the sum he had received for it ; but none followed, and Dennis Quaile, and his wife, and their son, deaf Terry, no doubt pursued the even tenor of their way and prospered — at least, we may hope so, for no longer do they figure in the pages of this story. Meanwhile, the car which had left the inn bore its occupants to Ballycastle, where the luggage was transferred to an hotel and the carman discharged, for the party had resolved to traverse the rest of the journey on foot, and in less than an hour were well upon the road, bearing nothing with them but a Colt's revolver and a coil of rope, which being coiled round the body of Robinson, beneath a long surtout, greatly retarded that gentleman's progress. But as he had taken the precaution to carry a strong vital tonic, many oppor tunities were afforded him en route for keeping up his strength. It were needless to describe the magnificent scenery through which the party passed, it is so thoroughly well known to every English tourist. Beneath them thundered the unbroken billows of the great Atlantic, booming now and then with grand effect against the overhanging rocks and undermining fissures which in the noon day sun broke back in spray of varied hues, glistening and bright as fleur-de-lis or iris in the sunshine. The weather was most propitious for their journey, and ere the sun had set beyond the western sea Sir Owen saw the landmarks by which he was to recognize the spot ; and there, stretching out before them rose a stupendous rock, cleft in twain as by a mighty earthquake, rising with an almost perpendicular steepness to quite a hundred feet above the level of the sea. So steep, in fact, were these great rocks that their summit could only be approached by a narrow footway on the land side, so by such means of ascent Sir Owen at once set out to accomplish, followed by his cousin and Robinson, and on reaching the summit, whose rugged surface was overgrown with vegetation looking more like the production of art than pic turesque nature — words of surprise burst from his lips on the beauty of the scene. They stood alone, no human being in sight, with a great stretch of sea and land around them, and their very loneliness seemed to lend stern grandeur to the place. " See the shape of the rocks — this is the spot, no doubt," ex claimed Sir Owen, looking down the mouth of the cleft, so far above the level of the sea, until he felt appalled and dizzy. " And there, on the opposite side beneath us, are the caves," he added, " to which the arrow points. " "But how are we to reach them? Not from this point, cer tainly," exclaimed his cousin. " No, we must return and reascend on the other side ; there are no other means of approaching it but from the summit, although in any case descent by the rope will be attended with great risk, for heaven knows what lies beneath." " And one has hardly the courage to inquire," thought Robinson, as he followed his masters down the footway, wondering very much which of them would dare to run the risk of being lowered into the jaws of such a danger, hoping from his heart that he would not have to show his cowardice by refusal. CHAPTER VI. In the side of the great chasm which Owen had pointed out to Maurice Winterton, and where he held no doubt the Jesuit priest, when hotly pursued along the Carrickfergus road, had found a haven of security wherein he might conceal the treasure of O'Maille, there were two caves situated one above the other : the lower one hollow ing out many feet of rock, had the wider mouth, and could be seen from almost any point from the summit of the cleft ; but the upper cave being very much smaller in all respects, and so overgrown with vegetation, could hardly be identified as a cave at all, and from the distance looked more like a narrow ledge or crevice, from which a variety of fern and lichen moss were peeping. In truth this very spot had the appearance of being undisturbed for ages, and there being no means by which to reach it — unless one felt inclined to imperil life by being lowered in a cradle, or slipping down a rope, as our hero and his cousin proposed to do this day — it seemed almost impossible to understand how Father Verity had reached the spot unaided. Yet in this little vaulted ledge, completely mantled with vegeta tion of the greenest hue, a starving criminal had refuge'sought for many days, a criminal to whom Fox Lennox hastened when he left the inn near Ballycastle with a wallet of provisions, and whose com ing the trembling man awaited anxiously. The prospect was indeed a very awe- inspiring one, for even with the knowledge.of his present liberty and temporary safety, this poor atom of humahity lay. shivering with fear ; for the strange rumbling, rushing sound coming up from the depths beneath him, where the sea went plunging through the mighty columns, undermining, wear ing, tearing, never wearied of its song, seemed to woo him to a precipice of thought and danger, until with horror-stricken face he would lean over the ledge of his narrow home and gaze down, down into the blazing light and shadow with the midday sun upon the mighty columns of basalt, until he grew dizzy, and would stagger back afraid of himself, afraid of the whispering that haunted him and courted him with fearful fascination to an awful doom. Then when tired out and he fell asleep, he was haunted again by the large sea birds, which would come swooping down to screech around and call their mates, then fly about by hundreds, as though jealously contending for the prey that would be theirs. ' ' How much longer will the Captain be ? " he murmured anxiously. "Does he mean to come at all, I wonder? does he mean curse the bird, how it frightened me ! But why did it ? It 's only a seagull ; I'm getting horribly nervous. Is it want of food, want of drink ? Ah 1 drink, if I only had some now, it would help me to forget that I'm at the mouth of a yawning chasm, waiting — waiting. Suppose he never comes at all, how can I get out of this place alone ? I can't very easily without his help. He knows it, and perhaps he means to leave me here to starve. What devil sent him across my path to threaten me with a prison ? He was a brute then ; none of the convicts ever liked him ; no wonder I did my utmost to escape : but he must have been at low water to let me buy his silence when he found me at large. But what a price I paid him — half of the money I got, the money for which I 've sacrificed my peace on earth. If he doesn't come soon I shall go mad, or roll over this cursed ledge into the water, and be nothing — nothing 1 Well, I some times think it would be a better ending to it all — it would release me from this ceaseless struggle to forget. Ah 1 if the lightning hadn't revealed my victim's fice to me, with the noble look upon it when he fell, and the head of curly hair, and the staring eyes that ( o— seemed to look right through my soul, I should feel less that I was his murderer, and that he did me no wrong. But I wanted money to help me to get. clear of the country, and I had watched him abuut all day. How I watched him 1 I knew it was money, more money at every farm and house he went to : the women had it ready for him at most places, I remember, and met him at the gates with a happy smile; and when they hadn't got it, and their faces were sad, he smiled on them and went away without it, and I cursed them because I meant to kill him.. But I had been seen to follow him, worse luck ; and it must have excited someone's curiosity, for the reward describes me perfectly. The Captain knew this when he took the money, and accused me of the crime. But he daren't denounce me now, or I 'd say how I, an escaped convict, had bribed him to be silent. But why doesn't he come ? It 's five days since he left me, with a promise to come to morrow. What mockery is in the very word ' to-morrow 1 ' To-morrow is to-day ; it has no meaning, and is never born. Why, a fellow could promise to come to-morrow, and wait until eternity's grown old to keep his word — as he will do— as he will do, no doubt. He knows I must ,be starving. I've tried to pretend that I've had plenty to eat — that I could walk a ten-mile journey and be strong; but it's no good. I am starving, and no thing comes to me — nothing but the echo of my own voice." lie looked out upon the stern grandeur of the little world about him, on the clear blue sky above, and the mighty gulf be neath. "It will soon be night, for the sun has set some time," he added aloud. " Well, I am glad of that, for its scorching rays were making me more thirsty every hour. If I only had some water now, I could live on that for another day at least." But this remark had hardly left his lips when he was startled into silence by a voice above. He recognized it in an instant. "Ah, Captain, you have come," he cried, drawing himself full length towards the ledge of his cell. "Yes — at last." The answer came from some twenty feet above, and the speaker, with one arm round the body of a tree, was leaning over the summit to see the man beneath. ' " I 'm starving, Captain 1 " " Yes. I 've brought you plenty to eat and drink." " God bless you — God bless you 1 " Strange words from a man whose brow was branded with the crime of Cain, and on whose life even pitying Heaven frowned. " Give me some — quick 1 " he cried. "I'll lower the wallet down to you by means of this cord " "Yes, yes, Captain; but you're sure it's strong — quite strong enough to bear it, eh?" he anxiously inquired. "Quite. Have you the rope down there by which you des cended ? " "Yes, here at my side." "Then secure it to this cord when you've untied the wallet." " What do you mean to do ? " "I'll fasten the rope round the foot' of this tree, and you will ascend at once." " I dare not until dark. There have been tourists passing nearly every hour ; it 's only at night I dare escape. " " Take off the wallet and fasten on the rope : you must do as I tell you — do you understand? and quickly." " I can't," exclaimed the man, trying to reach the wallet, which was swinging by the cord some inches beyond his reach ; " the risk would be terrible ; the rewards are posted everywhere, and the fatal birth-mark on my cheek would betray me at a glance." "I can't help that — come out of this you must. I have made arrangements for your passage to America; that was your wish, wasn't it? You will ship as a stowaway on board an Italian schooner. There 's not a soul on board likely to have heard of the murder ; it 's your only chance, and " " Then wait till night, for pity's sake," exclaimed the man. " I can't ; you must obey me now, or I will leave you to your fate." "I would sooner hurl myself from here into the depths below, than venture from my hiding-place in broad daylight." " You refuse, then " " Have mercy. Let me reach the food. Swing the cord towards me, I am dying of hunger." " There, you can reach it now." " Yes — oh 1" cried the starving man, as he seized the wallet, and tearing out the contents, drank and ate ravenously for some time, paying little or no attention to the solicitation of his friend above, who still entreated him to pass the rope up by means of the cord. " I don't want you to ascend, as you are so afraid," he muttered angrily, "but I will come to you — understand me, I will come to you — for we 've no time to lose. Let me join you." But as the occupant of the cave thought this request the least probable thing in the world, he still refused to comply with it. The rope was in his possession, so he would keep it, and leave his future in the hands of some tourist or passing vagrant, who might help him from the heights above. Besides, he was not so certain that he could not ascend by the chinks and crevices ; it would be a horrible risk, he admitted, but it would at least be attended by far less danger than an effort to de scend by such means, for no man could possess sufficient nerve to look into the jaws of such a death and seek a hold or footing under neath him. So he argued and wondered, undecided how to act, for he saw no motive for the Captain's strange request. "Will you bind that rope on ? 'he heard him ask again. " Is not this a ruse of yours to steal it, and thus deprive me of my only means of life ? " he answered, doubtfully. Fox Lennox laughed. " If such had been my intention I should have left you to perish and have saved myself the journey here to-day. Of what service is the rope to you unless fastened round this tree above ? " he added. " Come, my wish is to descend, and my object s-hall be our common property when we stand side by side upon the ledge." " Are you alone ?" inquired the man, suspicious still. " By Heaven, I am. It is no trick of mine, I swear." " Here is the rope,, then," said the convict quietly, as he knotted the cord round the end of it ; then, still suspicious of foul play, drew a long clasp-knife from his pocket, and, standing at the back of the shallow cave, waited the action of Fox Lennox. " One word, one look of treachery or betrayal," he cried, "and he who puts his foot upon the ledge shall find his grave in the gulf beneath." " I am content to risk that," responded Fox Lennox lightly. " I don't fancy such a proceeding will be to your interest when you hear my story. Now," he added, " I 'II just pass this rope round the foot of the tree, and lower both ends to you." And suiting the action to the word, the man crouching at the back of the cave shortly saw the ends of the rope pass down the chasm in front of him until they reached some feet below, and then the follow ing inquiry from his companion above surprised him greatly : "Is the rone thus doubled long enough for us to reach the cave beneath you? . "It may be ; I can't say, nor do I care to look." For by this time the speaker had grown rather excited, under the influence of a long draught of neat and fiery brandy which he had foolishly swallowed ere he commenced to eat so ravenously. "No," he added, " here I remain until I know your intentions. Do you think I '11 place myself within the range of a pistol-shot ? Oh no, my Foxy friend, you mistake your man. If you 're prepared with the law behind you, and these provisions are only a ruse to throw me off my guard, why come and take me if you can, and at the peril of your life. " " I tell you I 'm your friend, and in the cave beneath you is hidden a great treasure, a treasure that will make us rich for life. In a little time others will have set foot on this spot — the rightful owner. I overheard the whole thing ; it 's been buried here for cen turies. We must unearth it. It 's hidden in the cave beneath you. Will you tell me if the rope is long enough to reach it." " A treasure — a great treasure," muttered the man ; "well, come and get it ; but I '11 trust no further than I can see— understand that perfectly." "Yes, yes. Not a moment is to be lost. It will soon be dark, and they may be here at any moment now." " Perhaps you would like me to go down into the cave and fetch this treasure out, eh ? " "If you have the courage," replied Fox Lennox, "yes." " Courage 1 yes. But I haven't faith enough in yoil to do it. You might cut the rope, you know — desperate men arc driven to desperate remedies, and who kno ,vs it may be your desperate wish to see the last of me ? " "Curse you and your unbelief, then," exclaimed Fox Lennox. "Look out; help me to reach the ledge; I'll join you. Now!" And in less than a minute Fox Lennox struck the ledge with his feet and landed safely, whilst his companion stood prepared to defend' himself if occasion required. " Now," exclaimed the former, "you were afraid to trust me, and, although I see you are standing on your mettle, I mean to descend into the cave beneath us, only asking you to believe that what I have said is truth." "Well, suppose I believe your story about this treasure, and such a thing exists, am I to participate in the discovery ? " "Yes." "But couldn't you have waited until nightfall, when I had es caped, to make your descent alone, and keep your secret and its results to yourself I " "You argue foolishly. How could I? Didn't I tell you that O'Maille will be here presently to claim it ? " "O'Maille -O'Maille?" exclaimed the man. " You know him ? " interrogated Fox Lennox. " I don't know. An old baronet of that name was at the inn at Ballycastle op the night of the accident ; some one struck him — I didn't, Heaven knows — but he died." " Yes," added Fox Lennox, " through the injuries received ; and his son came down with a lot of high-flown sentiment about vengeance and so forth ; and it was at the same inn I left this morn ing that he discovered, through some ciphering in a Hebrew Testa ment, that some old family property, valued at a fabulous amount, was hidden on this coast ;. and from the description he gave of the place, and his tracings on a chart before him, I immediately recognized it as the very chasm at which I left you five days ago; and if the whole thing isn't a fabrication or old woman's story, the property is hidden in the cave beneath our feet." " You mean this — you mean this, and you 're not deceiving me?" " Why am I here? Why am I risking so much, if what I say be false?" "And you want me to help you ? " " If you like. I will descend, for the sooner I reach terra firma and that rope is out of sight, the better for us both." " I understand." " By Heaven, if I only succeed, this will be a glorious revenge," observed Fox Lennox with an evil smile. " Let me but find the property and I'll leave some evidence of the plunder behind, that O'Maille may feast his eyes upon and groan in despair at his loss." " Revenge? " observed his companion drily. " Is O'Maille your enemy, then?" "My enemy ?" repeated Fox Lennox slowly; "no, my rival; an affair of love. You laugh : to you the word has never had a meaning, I dare say." "Are my looks so hardened, then?" returned the other. "Is there no poetry in my eyes, no sound of love in my voice, no — curse it. nothing — my love and my ambition found a grave together. When I met you first, Fox Lennox," he continued, "you were governor of a jail wherein I was a convict, and I read the story you have told me now ; in many actions of your life, perhaps the shadows of my own found their reflection from them. Anyway, I saw ambi tion was dead in you, and reason argued strongly that there was no woman in the world you cared to please or live for " "Why did you conclude that?" asked Fox Lennox, amused though interested. ' ' Because woman is the soul of every man's ambition, be she wife or mother, sister or lover ; for one of them a man aspires to climb. God help him, then, whose life no woman's smile encourages, for he is lost. He is like a mighty ship without a compass, driving itself to pieces on the rocks, or an engine without steam, or a lamp with out oil." "You are eloquent." " I have suffered. My life has been a rolling stone ; I 've tra velled about here and there, just as my whims directed. I 've fallen into trouble, deep and awful trouble, as you know. No act of mine could bear me lower than I am just now. But these are words, mere words," he added, suddenly, " for that brandy has got into my head. But I know you mean no ill, Fox Lennox, now, he added, looking earnestly at the man, who seemed to be regarding him with much astonishment, " and I can trust you. Only help me to get to England. I don't want to go to America, as you propose ; I want to get back again to London." " You have friends there ?" "It is my home. Trouble and misfortune have severed me too long from it. Oh, Grace, my darling " he muttered, half inaudibly, " why can't I forget ? If you had only known the wretched and degraded being I am." " Hush 1 " cried Fox Lennox. " I hear voices on the summit of the cleft ; if this rope is seen our fortunes and our fate are sealed." But ere the sentence was completed, his compr.; ion, with a hasty movement, had drawn the rope by one end round the trunk of the tree above until the other end fell into the chasm and was drawn into the cave. " What have you done?" exclaimed Fox Lennox. "How are we to ascend ? You have destroyed our only means." " Hush ! you would have destroyed me. That rope would have betrayed our presence here, and in all probability have defeated our object." But Fox Lennox made no answer, for the voices had grown nearer, and two men had appeared upon the summit of the opposite side, shortly followed by a third. " O'Maille ! " exclaimed Fox Lennox, in an underbreath ; " he has outwitted me, by Heaven J whilst I have remained pottering about here, listening to your doubts ; when I might have " 1 ' Hush, hush ! only be patient 1 they are speaking earnestly to gether and pointing to the cave beneath us. Let us wait and see how they mean to reach it. We may outwit them yet." — — -o And as they watched they saw the traveller shortly quit the summit and prepare to descend. "They are going away," exclaimed Fox Lennox, through his teeth, now fully aware of the position in which his companion had left him by drawing down the rope. "Yes, of course, going away. How do you imagine they can reach the cave from that side ? Here, man, have some of this brandy, you 're shaking like a timid girl, and you may have need of all your courage presently." CHAPTER ;rII. "Robinson 1" exclaimed Sir Owen, on the other side of the chasm now, leaning forward by the tree, as Fox Lennox had done so recently, that he might command a view of the cave beneath, "un coil the rope and secure it round this tree. A very happy provision, Maurice," he continued, turning to his cousin, as he assisted Robin son — who seemed to be very unsteady on his legs, for some reason or other best known to himself— to unwind' the rope from his body. "You will be glad to be relieved from this, I should imagine," he added. " Rather stiffish, Sir Owen, and a little awkward, that 's all," re sponded the valet, good humouredly. " Unfortunately, presumed the young baronet, " a projection of rock prevents our recognizing the precise surroundings of the cave, but as it seemed to be situated some thirty feet beneath this tree, we can't be very far out of our reckoning if we descend from here." And as he spoke he assisted in passing the rope round the tree, and then, satisfied that it was securely knotted, he cast off his coat, and turning to Maurice Winterton, who had remained silent hitherto, took him by the hand. But his cousin gently interrupted him with a movement of negation. " It is my business, Owen, to descend." Sir Owen laughed. " What nonsense," he exclaimed. " I am more active, moie fit ' or the attempt. Besides, you are far heavier than I," he added, as, i with all the impetuosity of youth, he took up the rope and advanced to the edge of the chasm. " Owen, my boy," his cousin interposed, " one moment. It was part of our agreement on the road here that I was to descend. When your father lay upon his death-bed I made him a solemn promise that you should' run no risk whatever in this enterprise." " My dear Maurice," returned Owen, " I promised simply to conciliate. Did you . really think I was coward enough to let you place your life in jeopardy for me? No, old friend, you keep strict watch above ; I will descend." "On my soul you shall not," answered his cousin, resolutely. ; "Besides, you forget that I was once a sailor, and know how to handle a rope. With one arm only at liberty, how could you ever hope to ; ascend again? for the chances are that if success attend your efforts, ; the other hand will be occupied. Why, man, in that case you would i have to hang on by the skin of your teeth, and oh, get out of | the way," he added, lightly, "give me the lantern and the belt; you 're too impetuous altogether. And he threw off his coat, and in his turn seized Owen's hand. 1 But the young baronet was still loud in his resistance. " What will be said of me when I return to England ! " he ex claimed. " Why,,. that " " Why, that I allowed my dearest friend to risk his neck to bring me independence. No, Maurice, no, a thousand times ! It shaU not be." " Owen," responded Maurice, gravely, "be calm and reasonable. We are wasting time, arid argument is foolish. You are young, with a long lease of happyife before you ; I am old, — well, then, getting on," he added, with a smile ; " but I leave behind no single soul on earth to mourn my loss, save you. Heavens, man, to risk your life were madness, for if anything should happen it would break her loving heart and leave me quite alone. No, no, dear friend of mine, and Geoffrey's son, let me remember my promise to the dead, and religiously perform it now. Robinson 1 " he added, aloud — "now not another word, Owen — you go to the extremify of the rocks, Robinson, and warn us of the approach of any danger ; al though I don't suppose one is likely to encounter any Rapparees up here," he added, lightly, preparing to descend. " Let me go, Owen," he observed again, with a quiet determination on his face, "let me go. Refuse— but you wont refuse, you won't thwart me in this. It is a pleasure, and I have few pleasures. You never trusted your life to a rope before, I have a hundred times, and so Heaven bless you, my boy." " But look here " "No ' buts,' and, as I said before, you are only wasting valuable time in useless argument ; so, here goes." And before Sir Owen could say another word, or dare to intercept his friend's purpose, he had, after a hurried glance at the fastening of the rope, caught it up and swung over the abyss. " My God, Maurice 1 " exclaimed Sir. Owen, half-paralyzed with fear, as he started forward to look down the yawning gulf, " are you all right ? " " Never better in my life, my boy. " " Be careful 1 " " Careful 1 If you are only half as careful of the treasure when you have it as I shall be in getting it, very little harm will come of it, I promise." And with this final remark, coolly spoken, although his heart was beating wildly, Maurice Winterton slipped down the rope, whilst Sir Owen, to whom every moment seemed an age, knelt beside the tree to make sure of the fastening, until the rope, drawn taut and strained, suddenly slacked, causing Owen's heart to rise with a fearful dread, until he heard his cousin's voice ascending from be neath. " I have reached the cave all right, and landed. Now for the search." On hearing which, Sir Owen could hardly suppress a cry of joy, but he contented himself by asking his valet if any one approached, and receiving some half-alidible answer, which he presumed to be in the negative, he prepared to wait the issue of his friend's investi gation. Nor had he more than half an hour to wait, although it seemed to him long ages, ere the joyful intelligence reached his ear that a leathern wallet, locked, and of exceeding weight, had been dis covered; wrapped round by an old cloak, which, however, had . dropped to pieces at his cousin's touch. Thus had the search been so far rewarded. The treasure existed and was there. But the wallet had neither handles nor straps ; still, Maurice Winterton was not to be nonplussed by this discovery, so taking from his neck a large silk scarf, he placed the wallet therein, and knotting the corners securely together passed them over his wrist, then looked all round the cave again, turning the light of his lantern on the little crevice wherein the wallet had been so carefully bestowed ; but this after-search was rewarded by no further dis covery, no scrap of paper even, no other evidence whatever of Father Verite's presence there — nothing but the remnants of the old brown cloak, as it lay in dust and pieces, disturbed from its rest of ages. It was at this important moment, the moment in which Maurice Winterton was prepared to ascend, that Sir Owen was startled by the approach of a party of tourists ; there was no mistaking the definition, for their air and general bearing plainly indicated that the place was strange to them, and that its magnificence, even in the twilight, elicited frequent bursts of' approval and delight. And as they ascended the narrow path in single file, Sir Owen was at a loss to understand why Robinson, who had been stationed at the head of the pass, had not warned him of their approach ; for wishing in the meantime to excite neither public curiosity nor public advertisement in the recovery of the old family property, they had timed their arrival in the twilight, resolved to wait until such time sis visitors or natives would have forsaken the spot, thus affording them a clear coast for operations. So, on beholding the party Sir< Owen at once quitted his post by the tree, _ and proceeded along the path towards them with somehope toobviate, orat least delay, theirapproach ; and his astonish ment as to his valet's silence was readily understood by him on dis covering that worthy individual in the arms of Morpheus, with an empty and suspicious-looking bottle, labelled brandy, at his side. '/The day's excitement had been too much for Robinson, coupled with his dissipation of the previous night, and the spirit getting mixed up with the rays of a powerful sun, which had shone upon the travellers nearly all their journey, he had found it impossible, even with all the excitement of the scene before him, to keep his eyelids open, so he had succumbed to his fatigue and fallen into a deep and heavy sleep. Sir Owen, however, passed him without notice ; to disturb him now were only to excite the attention of the tourists, if not to arouse their curiosity. So he slowly descended the path towards them, endeavouring to hit upon some expedient to hold them in talk until his cousin stood on terra fir ma. Meanwhile Fox Lennox and his companion in the upper cave were endeavouring with equal tact to hit upon some means of obtaining possession of the treasure with which Maurice Winterton had commenced his perilous ascent. " What do you mean to do ? " asked the former in a whisper, as his companion, lying face downwards on the ledge above, worked forward slowly, knife in hand, to the spot where old Maurice was climbing. In another moment his head would be on a level with the ledge along which his adversary crawled so stealthily. " What do you mean to do ? " Fox Lennox asked again. " It will be all ours," his companion muttered low, and waited. " Owen, my boy," cried a voice beyond them rising from the chasm; but no answer greeted him. " All safe so far," he added. " So far ! " echoed the man from the ledge, loud enough for Maurice Winterton alone to hear; and coming face to face with a danger so undreamt of, the shock was quite enough to have caused a man of strong nerve to lose his hold upon the rope ; but Maurice Winterton was still, quite still, suspended in mid air, gazing with horror at the man before him and the glittering knife he held. It was real, too real, the face he had seen in the storm, the face that had haunted him continually, the face that once seen could never be forgotten, here in this precipice of danger he looked on it again. He looked and trembled, and a word half audible escaped his lips, "Selwyn!" " You know me — ah ! no more, no word, no syllable, no sound above your breath. Pass me that bundle from your wrist, quickly ! " And as he spoke he placed the knife he held against the rope, then added with a look of stern resolve, " The jewels, quick." "Never." " Give them me, I say." " Owen — help — mercy, man ! " "The jewels I" " No 1 " " Then " " What would you do ? " " Cut the rope." "Help!" " Another word, and you are at the bottom. There are five strands to this rope — there goes one," and the sharp knife com menced its murderous work, severing the strand and causing a severe strain upon the others. " Stay, man, for God's sake," exclaimed Fox Lennox, advancing a step. " Fool," hissed his companion. " Be silent." " Ah, you are not alone, then, in your villany?" cried Winterton. " Will you give me the jewels ? " "NoT' " Another strand, then. Now there are but three ; one touch of the knife, and the rest are gone. " " Mercy ! mercy ! " cried the stricken man, as he felt himself descend an inch or more, for the rope was strained to its utmost tension now, and it was very close upon the end with him. "Give it me!" " Here ! take it, quick ! Swear that you won't cut the rope ! " and the trembling man drew the knotted scarf from his wrist, and passed it to his enemy's hand ; but no sooner was this done than the slender strands which still remained uncut were severed, and with an awful cry a human life that had never harmed a creature in this world, dropped from that awful height into the surging foam beneath. Fox Lennox put his hand before his eyes, as though to shut out some great horror ; whilst his companion, tossing the wallet to the back of the cave, rose to his feet and looked about as for some weapon of delence. " What are you going to do ? " Fox Lennox demanded in a whisper, trembling nervously, despite his efforts to be calm. " Ascend ! " replied his companion shortly, gathering up the rope which he had drawn into the cave oh the discovery of the party, and coiling it hastily over his shoulders. " Ascend ? " he repeated. " He may have heard our voices, he will see the rope was cut, and never leave the spot till we are taken." " More crime?" Fox Lennox whispered. " My own safety — at any hazard ! replied the man, as with mar vellous agility he ascended with the second rope about his shoulders and his knife between his teeth. Strange to say, he was not greatly surprised to find no one on the summit when he reached it. O'Maillc, he thought, must have left it for some time, or he would have surely recognized and answered the cries of his friend. With a hurried glance he looked about him ; but it was growing dark, and he could see no one, so with a hasty movement he passed the rope from his shoulders round the tree precisely as Fox Lennox had done before him, throwing the ends into the chasm ; and then, still stooping low, he proceeded to unfasten the rope by which his victim had descended, in order to destroy the evidence of his crime, and leave the disappearance of Winterton a mystery for ever. But his villany was destined to be discovered, for he paused in his work, looking with horror, yet with savage intent, on the man who fast approached him. " Thank Heaven, Maurice, you are safe ! " For Sir Owen had seen the figure ascend as he approached, hav ing successfully dissuaded the tourists from continuing their ascent in the uncertain light— an uncertain light which had deceived him, however, in the present instance, for he certainly mistook the stranger for his cousin. "Have you the wallet?" he added ; but, coming face to face with the man before him, he started back, then paused, as if to reassure himself, ere he exclaimed in a voice of fear 1 : "You here ? How is this ? " For, seeing in the man before him the father of the gi' to whom he was betrothed, he seemed to be remembering something of the past, as he added with a look of horror, " You — are you — the man who is hunted for murder? — you Where is Maurice ? " he added wildly, for an awful doubt had seized him now he could control no longer. Still no answer, and the man was struggling to be free, for Owen held his arm as in a vice. " Why do I find you here? Why — where is Maurice?" " The rope broke," exclaimed the guilty man. " And he—Maurice — O my God ! The rope broke — this rope?" he cried, passing it through his hand until he reached the end of it ; " why, it has been cut — cut here— with a knife. Laurence Selwyn, you have murdered him 1 " " You lie. Let me go ! " "Not now— not now." And the two men closed and wrestled in a deadly struggle. But Owen felt that he was a mere plaything in the hands of so powerful an adversary ; he could do nothing, and he felt his fate was imminent, so he loudly called upon his valet for assistance, rolling with his enemy nearer and nearer to the edge of the chasm, in spite of all his efforts to keep away from it. Moreover, he had received several blows about the face and neck, which greatly diminished his chance of success. And now he felt faint and giddy, and was hardly conscious of a thought beyond a savage wish to kill the man he grappled with. But suddenly another blow was dealt him, and he saw a knife upraised above his head, and as he shut his eyes with horror, power less to prevent the doom he felt was his, a pistol shot resounded sharp and clear, and the arm of the assassin fell powerless at his side. "The revolver has done some service after all," thought Robinson, as, savage beyond measure with himself for having fallen asleep, he hastened to his master's aid, while his adversary, instantly recog nizing his own danger, caught up the two parts of the rope which he himself had lowered into the chasm, and descended quickly to the ledge where Fox Lennox waited his return. But instead of ex tending a brotherly hand, upon hearing his companion's request to assist him to step forward on the ledge, he struck him back with fatal force, and the man — fell, grasping but one part of the rope, which consequently drew the other round the tree, descending with him through the space his victim had so lately travelled. Both Sir Owen and his valet were witnesses to the fall, powerless to protect the rope — even had they wished — as it passed like light ning round the tree beside them ; but neither was aware of the pre sence of a third party, in whose hands the treasure which had cost so much remained. Both fancied that, in his eager haste to descend, the wretched man, being wounded, had missed his hold somehow and brought about his doom. CHAPTER VIII. Meanwhile, Fox Lennox had recoiled to the back of his narrow hiding-place,' trembling, breathless, and afraid. He had murdered his companion. Yes, this was the end of it all — his father's hope in him, his mother's prayers, his wayward life — a murderer ! It was no fancy. He had pushed him off the ledge ; he heard his shriek ; he could hear it again, first loud and low, now near, then far. Would he hear it all his days, and never return to life and action ? How quickly had the evil been inspired ; how quickly realized ; never more to be recalled, never more to be undone. He could feel a benumbed pain in the arm and hand with which he had struck at him, and he wished it had been no part of himself, as he thought of that awful moment. He didn't mean to do it. It was an instant's thought — a devilish wish or fear, arising from a glance at the position of affairs. Pie tried to think why murder had fired his soul as suddenly as a lightning flash springs into life, and living but an instant, blackens and destroys. For so with him this crime had been committed. He had first thought of the wallet at his side, and of the riches which might come to him through it, and then as quickly recognized the danger of assisting his companion to regain the ledge. For his pursuers, discovering his retreat, would never leave the spot, he thought, until aid came, or a descent was made, so he could in any way only have assisted his companion to a temporary refuge. There fore was he deaf to the entreaties of the wounded man, and had struck the awful blow, believing that his own presence was unknown to those above, and that to be afterwards discovered and captured with his companion would be to have placed his liberty, if not his life, in jeopardy. Moreover, he was fighting for the first law of nature ; fighting at any cost for self-preservation, his only hope being that neither Sir Owen nor the valet had seen the arm which struck out at the trembling wretch before him, when he might have lent a helping hand, as his victim no doubt would have done to him, had their positions been reversed. And now he crouched alone — looking anything but a picture of triumph — waning for some sign of life or action overhead. At last he could hear voices, but could not distinguish what was said beyond a rumbling murmur ; in fact, he seemed to possess no heart to try, his mind being so completely filled with a vague and indefinite horror of his crime. For his present safety he had no fear, nor had he need to think of the outside world just yet. He would like to look down, though, if he dared, into the depths where his victim had gone, to see if he could recognize some trace of him; but strong though the wish had grown, he possessed not the courage to gratify it ; he could only hear the water rushing, surging, tearing on beneath, inviting him to creep forward and look down. He tried to think what escape there was for him from such an awful place, for the rope had been drawn away by the fall ing man, and he remembered how he had snatched at it with all the strength and might of dying hope, therefore the only means open to him would be to scale the rocks, an attempt at liberty attended with a frightful risk ; besides, it was growing very dark, the stars were already studding a clear blue sky, and it would soon be night. Then all hope of his leaving the place would he cut off till morning, especially as he had no surety that Sir Owen and his valet had taken their departure from the summit. If he dared but open the wallet at his side and see what it con tained — but he was afraid to move in case a stone might be dis lodged and roll into the depths beneath to furnish the silent watchers with the suspicion of another's presence in the cleft. But he had heard no sound or voice for many minutes now. If he could only discover whether Sir Owen had gone, in which case he would chance an ascent at once, it was life or death with him, he knew ; and with a conscious sense of his deserts he feared that failure was more likely to attend his risky efforts than success. Perhaps Sir Owen had gone for aid to search the place at once, or still more likely gone to procure a boat by which he might enter the base of the cleft from the sea ; for he felt sure that he would do his ut most to recover the body of his friend. They might find the other man as well, and he was troubled at the thought, for might he not possess some declaration or confession that would implicate him in some way ? For his victim had written to him, telling him that he was starving in his hiding-place, and begging for the help he had promised to secure him, and Fox Lennox had answered by coming in person and bringing food, and he looked about the ledge as he thought of it. There lay a brandy bottle, half-emptied of its contents, and the remnants of the provender ; there, too, the wallet of jewels that was to make him rich. And he rejoiced to think that the treasure had fallen in his hands alone— that he had cheated Sir Owen as well as the cunning of his companion. He wondered what the jewels were worth, and felt a strong desire to learn if he had not been cheated. He would satisfy himself if this treasure really existed, and so he crawled nearer to it, relieving the brandy bottle of one-half of what remained in it, and seeming to be strengthened much thereby, as he placed the wallet on his knee and unwound the straps which had bound it for so long. His task was soon completed, and one side of the wallet was thrown back. There were the glittering things of long ago, some rough, some carefully cut and set. He turned them over in his hands, these almost priceless stones, many being of a size he had never before beheld. That necklet must be worth alone five thousand pounds. It was one of the few pieces of jewellery which stood complete in itself, for most of the stones had the appearance of having been broken from their settings. He held it up, and the moonlight shone upon it, and he checked himself in a laugh, then paused to listen. All was still. But he looked around him nervously, as though in his terror he expected people to step forward from the shadows of his narrow home and confront him face to face. For guilt is such a coward, and carries its head so low. He replaced the necklet in the wallet, and fastened it up again. It was all his, this mighty treasure, if he could only gei away from his hiding-place in safety. He crept forward, and, leaning over the precipice looked carefully above him and around. One fact, carry ing a confirmation to him that Sir Owen had left the summit, for there were several sea-birds flying around it peacefully and alighting about the very spot where the struggle must have taken place. He felt now that when cl ylight came Sir Owen would establish a careful search, and that the present was the best opportunity for making his escape. The rock was very steep but rugged, ar.d as he glanced above him in the moonlight, he fancied that he saw the means of a safe ascent. He would summon all his nerve and courage for the occasion, it was his only hope, and he must go through with it, come weal or woe. So he secured the wallet round his arm by such means as he deemed sufficiently strong and satisfactory, then, after a second application of the brandy bottle to his lips, he crept boldly to the mouth of the ledge, wheie he turned round, and, securing a hold on the rocks above him, commenced his perilous ascent. Boldly he went to work at first, and in less than a minute had reached the projection over the ledge which had sheltered him, and on which there was but room enough for him to stand. His tremb ling arms were raised above his head, for his hands were thrust into the crevices of the rock, and his eyes were looking at the goal that was his destiny, as he tried to forget that awful chasm into which one false move would plunge him. He felt that he dared not tarry for a moment, so afraid was he of losing his presence of mind, whilst the most difficult part of his venture was yet to be overcome. Carefully he picked his way, compelled sometimes to trust his weight to the veriest crevice; still he went on, for life and liberty are strong incentives for exertion. But at last the rocks grew beyond the perpendicular and were almost overhanging, and he saw no means of climbing another foot. He could not do it. He dared not. No miracle could save him. The projecting rocks had shut out stars and sky, and the weight of the wallet on his arm was growing insupportable. He would descend again. Yes, yes, he would descend ; it were madness to attempt to reach the summit in the dark. Tie would return to the ledge and eat what food was there, and nerve himself for the attempt at daybreak. But when he tried to put his resolution into practice, and came to look down into the depths below, he found that ascent and descent were very different things, for he had not the moral courage to trust a footing to the crevices beneath, having no means of testing them as in ascent; so his whole resolve was shaken in a moment, and he must go on at any cost. So he worked cau tiously towards the left in order to avoid the more projecting part of the ri cks, but on his way, when seeking for a crevice, a piece of rock came away in his band and — in what to him seemed an interminable space — fell upon some stone beneath, instead of into water, as he had anticipated. It was a terrible shock to him, for he had almost trusted himself to the stone for support, and if it had held another second, he would have assuredly gone with it to destruction. He grew hot and cold in turn and trembled nervously. He was growing lightheaded too, and once or twice he felt that he should like to fall asleep, and in a half-unconscious state fall back into the chasm. The thought was even fascinating him until he shook it off, and con tinued to pursue his way ; great beads of perspiration gathering on his face, which almost blinded him. At last he had gone far enough to the left to see the stars and sky once more, and was re joiced to find that the rocks here took an inward turn, and that in a minute or two he would be able to pick his way to a second ledge, where he might rest, if only for a moment. Then a few feet after that and he would be a free man, free with this great treasure — all his own. He reached the ledge upon his knees, where he remained for a few minutes regarding the rest of his journey, an ascent which looked comparatively easy, and was seemingly attended with far less danger than the way he had already climbed. So at last, having rested, and perfectly assured himself that there was no one on the summit, he continued his journey, but as he was on the point of reaching terra firma , a tall black object standing near proclaimed to him the presence of a human figure. It was no time to hesitate, so he reached the summit of the rocks, hilly pre pared to defend himself. But the strange figure did not move ; its presence grew upon him rather by degrees, until it asserted itself in the familiar shape and form of a stout post, across which was a "danger " board. It was surely that piece of upright rock. behind which had deceived him so outrageously, and he smiled at his own nervousness. He would continue his way at once, nor lose a single moment, and in the hours before daylight try to place as many miles between himself and the chasm as his h gs would carry him ; and as he reached the narrow winding path of broken steps which led down from the height towards the shore, he proceeded unmolested on his way, and in a little time stood out on open country, striking for ward for the first road which met his eyes, although with no definite course before him. It was then for the first time in his life he felt what liberty was worth, and looked back upon the past with the keenest joy of self- congratulation. Of course that disagreeable shriek of his -victim would cease to haunt him presently. He would not keep conjuring it up so deliberately, he would forget it, and as for 0ie death of Maurice Winterton he had no hand in that ; but with the other he had done a great kindness to the kingdom generally by relieving it of a villainous subject, for there was no telling, he argued, to wnat extent this man's horrible tendency to crime might have led him in the future. As to the treasure, it was no more Sir Owen's property than his own, but belonged to the Queen or the lord of the manor on whose estate it was found. So he had no qualms of conscience on that score. But as we have no further interest in following him for the next few days, we will not enter into his plans for crossing to England, \- -o there hoping to find a market for the diamonds, or his resolutions as to the future, which were to change the lives of more than one, he vowed ; but rather let us hasten to the movements of Sir Owen, who, on beholding the fate which awaited his enemy, was not long in re covering from the shaking his struggle for life had given him. '"I hope nothing has happened to Mr. Winterton?:' was one of the first questions addressed to him by his valet, to whose none too timely assistance Sir Owen was indebted for his life. "Yes, he has been foully murdered. That villain cut the rope," was the reply. " Horror — no ! " exclaimed the man, aghast. " But he has richly deserved the penalty of his crime." "And I so heedless of what was going on. Can you ever forgive me? It was the hard day we have had, sir, and some villainous liquor I had taken. Are you much hurt, sir?" "No, scratched about a little. I will be better presently. I am trying to see the end of all this, what information we will have to give to the police, and in what light it will be received. Do you think we could procure a boat about here ? " "Scarcely, I should think, sir, at such an hour." Sir Owen was houghtful for a moment. "It's our duty to try and look for Maurice — poor Maurice, my dear old friend ; I ran t quite realize it yet." "But that scoundrel you were wrestling with — I seemed to know his face, sir." "His face? No, no. you are mistaken, Robinson!" exclaimed Sir Owen, wrestling with bodily pain. "I am not, sir, I 'm sure ; for his face impressed itself upon me at the time as something out of the common. You must have thought so too. I recognized him in an instant, sir, although it was almost dark, and I had only seen him once in all my life before " " You recognized whom — whom ?" repeated Sir Owen; "for there need be no disguise in this — there cannot be, God help her," he added, inadvertently. "You mean MLs Grace, sir. I see you knew him too." "Yes, Robinson," responded Sir Owen, fetling that subterfuge was useless. " I knew him in an instant. He must have been about the only mm in the world, besides poor Maurice, who knew the object of our coming here, and I can understand his movements now, which Grace correctly wrote to me were very mysterious." " She can suspect nothing of this — kr.ow nothing of it, sir, I hope ? " observed the valet. "Heaven forbid she should," replied Sir Owen, fervently, dis guising not his feelings from his servant, for he wanted sympathy in this sad moment of his life; and sympathy makes all hearts feel very much alike. " It will be the saddest task that I have ever had, to break the news of her father's death to her," he added. " A just death, sir, for he deserved no better fate." "No better, truly ; but he was her father — she is an orphan now." lie was silent for a moment, and then at last aroused himself and walked towards the pathway as though he had formed some sudden resolution. "We must get a boat somehow, Robinson, to-night — this very hour, in fact, if possible — and go round by the sea to the cleft in the rock. There we may find some trace of Maurice ; at least, the search will satisfy me, for I shall know no rest to-night." "But the treasure, Sir Owen ?" observed Robinson, as he fol lowed his master down the narrow pathway ; "the hidden million ? " " The Hidden Million 1 " 1 low ghastly sounded the very words, making the awful past seem like a horrid nightmare. It had always seemed a strange story to Sir Owen — a strange story from the very first, but with what a sequel now 1 " " I 'm afraid the treasure lies buried with poor Maurice, "he ob served, " for his murderer never brought it to the surface with him." And there was a hard and bitter smile upon his face as the words were uttered, for he thought how their mission had ended. He remembered how sanguine Maurice had been, and how per- s'stent in his determination to descend. And he had let him, he had given way, simply because of the old man's promise to his father. He even remembered something of his last words to liirn : "You are young, with a long lease of happy life before you, but I am getting old, and leave behind no single soul to mourn my loss save you." lie would not let me risk my life. "If anything should happen to you it would break her loving heart and leave me quite alone." Yes, those were his words — break her heart — break her heart — but she need never know. Why tell her of her father's guilt? Say rather that lie had met him, that they came to the place together, and that in offering assistance he fell into the chasm with Maurice, and was killed. It would be in a measure the truth, the kin lest truth that he could tell her, for it was no fault of hers. Poor trusting, living Grace. And he recalled their last parting, and the hope she had expressed that his poor old dad would soon be better, and the sad and touching letter which she wrote him when she heard of his sad death, and her kind remembrances to Maurice, whom she had called " a dear good genuine old fellow;" a Iding that Owen was to love him in a father's place, that he had always been his friend. And Owen had loved him with the truest and most earnest friendship that can possibly exist in the heart of one man for another. And now he was dead — murdered. . . . lie could think no more ; it involved too much. It cut his heart and paralyzed his brain. He would turn to the more material things which claime 1 immediate action — the search fur his friend, the information he would have to give to the police, and on that point he was troubled, for his story was a strange one, and he hoped that no suspicion would attach itself to him, having so little proof of so incredible a statement There was Robinson's revolver too, and the shot he had fired from it ; what complexion would be put on that, he wondered? Moreover, how could he be able to conceal the name of Laurence Sehvyn in the matter? On oith he must reveal it, when his acquaintance and knowledge of the murderer would be dragged to light, and the shame and trouble of it all would fall upon the woman he had chosen for his wife. A poor orphan, friendless and alone ; her very name a by word and a jeer for every common tongue, or spoken sadly of in a whisper by those more merciful with hearts that feel and pity, and could tell her story with a quivering lip. O, God, it was too hard on him, if slid more hard on her. " Be careful, Sir Owen, the path is dangerous, and runs here very close upon the precipice." " Thank you, Robinson ; all right. We '11 reach the roadway pre sently, then we may find some hut or cottage where we can get a boat." Spoken like a strong man, wiih no trouble on his mind, no suffer ing at his heart, as he pursued his way with a steadier gait, feeling thankful for the warning that was given him. " Will you take my arm, Sir Owen ? the path grows wider here." " Thank you, Robinson ; we will have to report all that has passed to the police, I suppose?" he added presently. " It would be the w'sest thing to do, sir, for the bodies are almost sure to be found, and there are people who may remember that Mr. Winterton set out with us. . . . Poor Mr. Wintcrton, lie was a good, kind man : 'tis death will be a heavy loss to many of the poor around Blackcock. They lost a good friend when your father died, they lose another now in Mr. Winterton. ... I can't think how I managed to take that drink, sir, and rorgct myself so shame fully. ... Is that a cottage yonder, sir? I see a light 1 " he added, for he had rattled on with his conversation uninterrupted by Sir Owen. o — But it proved as he had said, there was a cottage along the coast some half a mile distant, and they bent their steps towards it. It was tenanted by ah old pensioned nival seaman, who had done good slaughter in his country's good, and who, in addition to his pension, now picked up what trifling aid he could by showing tourists over the rocks and causeway, and occasionally rowing them round the coast, which was supposed to afford the best view, and certainly command the best price. But he could not think of launching his boat to-night. He had had his supper grog, and would go to bed. The day had been very fine, and consequently profitable, so he could afford to dispense with a fee at so late an hour. But when briefly informed of what had taken place his face assumed a look of anxious interest. The spot was unapproachable by night, he said ; there were so many sharp and dangerous rocks about, and even with the little sea that was running the boat would stand no chance — nothing could be done till morning. Yes, there was a magistrate lived three miles off — Bushmillsway — and Sir Owen would very likely be able to see him ; but he would have to reach his house by early morning, because he always went to Portrush on a market day. Sir Owen would go at once if he pointed out the road, but he would far sooner pay the old man the price of his boat if he would let him risk it on the rocks this night. But the old salt was obdurate, his philosophy being that if the men had fallen from such a height they were surely killed, and that in searching for the dead they were but endangering their own lives to no purpose. So Sir Owen and his valet set out on foot to the magistrate's, to whom a full and particular account of all that had transpired was duly rendered and religiously affirmed to by Robinson, the name of Maurice Winterton only being mentioned ; although from the description given of the murderer the magistrate expressed himself of opinion that the unhappy wretch who had thus met with such an untimely fate was none other than the long sought for con vict and the murderer of the landowner near Ballycastle. He never for a moment seemed to doubt Sir Owen's story, nor had he ever cause to in the future, as subsequent events will show. He had heard of Sir Owen O'Maille and was once known to his -late father and Maurice Winterton. He had in fact been well acquainted with both men in his early days at the Dublin Uni versity, so no h df-hearted welcome was accorded to Sir Owen in his trouble. On the contrary, lie was invited to put up at the magistrate's for the night, Robinson finding accommodation for himself at an inn hard by — and the small hours were well advanced ere the magistrate and the young baronet retired to rest, for the latter had told the entire history of the object of his visit wi-h his cousin to the coast, together with an account of the strange dis covery of the Hebrew Testament at The Travellers' Rest, near Ballycastle, and the tragedy which happened in the thunderstorm that night. It was still early, and but a little after dawn, when Sir Owen, accompanied by the magistrate and Robinson, drove to the cottage of the old sailor. He had expected them, he said, and was standing in the porch as they came up. The boat could begot ready at once, and lie was willing to row them round to the spot. So they availed themselves of the opportunity without delay, and in a little while the boat had put to sea and was rounding the rocks in the direction of the cleft. The sight was a very grand one, and perhaps at any other time its rugged beauty would have excited some remark from Sir Owen, but he looked pale and ill and restless now, his eyes fixed upon the rocks while the boat was being navigated through many awkward projections. " A terrible place this for a ship to run ashore," remarked the magistrate ; but lie received no answer beyond an anxious look of assent from Robinson, who was really wondering why one of those breakers didn't lift their boat bodily on to a rock and dash it into pieces, for it plunged and scudded about in the most alarming fashion, albeit the old sailor fortunately managed to steer pretty wide of the rocks. At last they stood into the shore. "This is the chasm, I think, gentlemen," observed the sailor, looking up at the towering rocks with an air of familiarity. "Yes," observed Sir Owen. "And yonder," he added, turning to the magistrat " the cave, on the side of the chasm to which poor Maurice descended, and in which his murderer must have been con cealed when he cut the rope. ' The boatman looked astounded. It was murder, then, not acci dent. Here was a delightful incident to immortalize the place, and swell his fees — a murder ! "It's an awful height." observed the magistrate. "No man could live who fell from it ; even if into the water, I am afraid it would be too shallow to protect him from the rocks beneath. ' "Can we not pass into the cleft?' inquired Sir Owen of the boatman. "Why, yes, gentlemen, if you'll keep her off the sides o' them rocks, which 'ud stove her in in no time." " Certainly. Robinson ! " " I 'm all ready, sir." " Then get in the bow, young man, and watch her 1" exclaimed the boatman, as the frail boat danced over the surf and entered the base ol the chasm. They were passing over the place now where Maurice and his murderer had fallen, but everything was quiet and still, and told no tale of crime. "They're gone out with the tide, sir, I expect," the boatman said, quite calmly; "but they'll come back with it to the shore again afore the day s much older." " There is no hope, then," exclaimed Sir Owen, who had been clinging to some vain idea that he would surely find his cousin alive or dead ; but, from the position of the height from which he had fallen, lie must have dropped into the water, and have been borne away with the tide. So, after all possible search had been made, within a mile on either side of the cleft, along the shore, the party landed, and Sir Owen, with a sad and aching heart, bid good-bye to the life of his best friend for ever. The magistrate would not trouble him to remain, he said, nor should he require his presence 1 efore the officials, he would make the report himself from the statement of facts laid before him ; but should Sir Owen's presence be demanded by the police, his promise to attend immediately upon their summons would be quite sufficient, and in the event of anything transpiring, or of the bodies being found, the magistrate would immediately advise Sir Owen by telegram to his house at Blackrock. Thither the young baronet and his valet proceeded without delay, reaching Dublin in the early evening, and Blackrock an hour or so later. We have no time to dwell upon 'the confusion and excitement which prevailed in the old house when the news of the tragedy reached it. Suffice it to say that Sir Owen did not write to Grace that night, determined to do nothing in which she was concerned too hastily. But early on the following morning his lawyer sat with him in his library drawing up a bill for the disposal of his house and estate to the highest bidder. Sir Owen had formed his plans already, never dreaming that there was a man in the world called Fox Lennox who might rise to over throw them, or defeat the end which was now his only object in the life before him. CHAPTER IX. It was at the country house of Laurence Sehvyn, known as " The Elms," which formed a very pretty landscape on the coast of Sussex, and whose claim to the picturesque every passing stranger cordially admitted, that Grace anxiously awaited the return of her father from Ireland. For since Owen had left her, some few months before, when hastily summoned to the death-bed of his father, she had preferred the solitude of her country home to the busy life at Gloucester Gate, and had so transferred herself to the Sussex coast for the summer months. Moreover, she had a passionate fondness for sketching, and, save when penning a note o Owen, it was her first delight to wander along the country roads, and, with pencil in hand and easel before her, find some quiet spot where she might pass the pleasant hours of morning. . Being anxious about her father, it was therefore a joyful surprise to her on returning to " The Elms," one afternoon, after a few hours' study round the ruins of Fevensey Castle, to find him waiting her at luncheon. She could hardly believe the good news when her maid, anticipat ing her return, went out to the gate to tell her so, but hastening at once to her father, she threw her arms about his neck and kissed him with all a child's fond love. " I thought I was never going to see you any more, dear dad. And how good of you to trouble to come all the way down here, rather than call me up to town. And how well you are looking, too." "Yes, Grace, never in better health, thank God, except " " Except what ? " she asked with some concern. " That you almost made me cry out with pain just now, when you threw your arms around me— — ' " I, dad ? " exclaimed Grace, with real alarm, as her father, smil ing, pointed to his right arm, the hand of which rested in the breast of his coat. "Yes," he answered. " Is it hurt ? " she asked. " Wounded by a pistol-shot in Ireland." "A pistol-shot 1 Oh, dad, why didn't you write and tell me of this ? But tell me now. How did it happen ? Wounded — oh ! " the added, with a world of pity in her large bright eyes. " Yes, I was passing along a country road, not very far from Coleraine, when someone fired on me from a thicket. I turned and saw three men beyond it, one of whom exclaimed but there, it 's a long rigmarole, and I '11 tell you all about it some other time," brusquely broke off Laurence Selwyn ; and then, in a playful tone, he added, " and is it likely I was going to trouble my own dear child with a full and particular account of an incident which would have only caused anxiety ? " " But are you sure the wound is not dangerous, that " " Dangerous ? No. In a few days I will be able to use my hand again. But in the meantime you will be my home secretary, will you not ?" And he kissed her brow with fond affection, and stroked with tender touch the hair which fell in freedom round her neck and shoulders. " That 's one advantage of being in the country," he smiled. " I never see your hair like this in Gloucester Gate. It 's always fixed up with hairpins, and ribbons, and goodness knows what. But tell me all the news. " " Have you had luncheon ? " Grace inquired. "Yes — but you haven't." " I am not hungry. But let me fill your glass, it will help you to listen all the better ; besides, you must be tired after your journey." " Tired ? — no." But he allowed her to refill his glass, and then she sat upon a stool beside his chair, and spoke of Owen. " I am only waiting now," she observed, when the whole story of her lover's intended visit to the chasm was explained, " to hear how he succeeded. He was to go last Tuesday, and his cousin was to accompany him; his cousin, Maurice Winterton — jou remember him, of course? he brought him to our house in London last summer." " Yes, I remember well." " Well, he was to go with him. And I am just a little surprised that Owen has not written. But something must have prevented him, for Owen never misses an opportunity of writing— never." And she was thoughtful for a moment, and a smile was on her fare, for she was happy. " But, dad," she continued, presently, "do you know I can hardly realize that this property will be so great — supposing he discover i< , of course — as he said. Not that I want riches with Owen ; I only want enough to live on, that our loves may feel no burden, no re sponsibility, no care. Every post I expect a letter from him, and in his last he said he would shortly come to England to — to fix our wedding day. . . . But, dad, you arc very silent, always a good listener, ble.-,s your dear old sympathetic heart. But you haven't told me what took you to Coleraine ; and I say, we have had any number of applicants for the estate adjoining this ; it has been ad vertised every day by the solicitors. Here it is -lock here," she con tinued, as she took up a copy of the South Coast 'J'imcs , and read therefrom aloud — " 'To be sold, all that finely-timbered and watered estate known as 1 The Woodlands,' adjoii ing ' The Elms,' in the pari.-h and county of, etc , etc., including the tine old mansion known as 'The Hal,' with its numerous offices, outhouses, stables, gardens, etc,' and so on through more than half a column. ' Apply to the Solicitors, Messrs. , or to the trustee, Laurence Selwyn, Esq., of 'The Elms,' adjoining.' " " Well, a good property," observed Selwyn thoughtfully. " Magnificent. Why don't you buy it, dad ? Vou are always going long journeys to buy up property and sell at great profit; here is a tempting bargain at your elbow." " I am too poor, dear, just now to look up nearly forty thousand in a day." " Well," continued Grace, "I hope nice people will buy it, for we don't want anyone for our neighbours, do we ? " " Certainly not." " But you haven't told me what took you to Coleraine, and why you were detained so long there." Laurence Selwyn smiled. "It is a secret," he observed. "Do tell me," she pleaded, smilingly too. "No? Why won't you ? " " Because it is not good for you to know — loo soon." " You have a surprise in store for me, then ? " "Yes — a surprise 1 " "Very well, I 'II just tease you until you do tell me. 01 course you are going to remain here for a day or two ?" she added hope fully. " So long as you like, dear ; I have plenty of liberty now. Is there any spot you would like to go to this afternoon ? " "I would sooner stop at home with you. Remember, I haven't heard your voice for so long, and I don't want it to grow strange to me " Thus saying, she left her father and hastened from the room to change her hat and walking dress, forgetting her sketch of Fevensey Castle and her drawing paraphernalia, which Laurence Stlwyn took up and, lying back in his chair, regarded thoughtfully. He was a man of five-and fifty years, well built, tall and muscular, his hair was raven black, his features full and bold. No haii had . _( : grown upon his face, a fact rather to be regretted, as a blood-red birthmark covered his right cheek from e\ e to neck, disfiguring features which were really well defined. His eyes of darkest brown were surmounted by an earnest, thoughtful brow, and the whole expression of his face was that of grave intelligence and steadfast resolution. He sat nursing his daughter's sketch for' nearly ten minutes in silence, thinking deeply ; but whether of the sketch, or of his daughter, or of other things, it were difficult to say, for beyond a wearied and worn-out expression as of one who had come fixm a long way off, he seemed to be enjoying perfect ease and quiet content. A smile had even once lit up his features, from which he drew liis breath in as in pain, and passed his left hand over his injured arm, letting the sketch lall from his knees upon the floor. Then, .as he stooped to raise it, his eyes encountered the figure of a servant standing in the doorway. " A gentleman, please, to see you, sir." " Tq see me ? A gentleman ? Did he tell you his name?" "lie merely asked for Mr. Selwyn, sir, and I told him you had just arrived from Ireland, sir, and he said he was sorry to disturb you, but would not keep you long." " Oh, ask the gentleman's name." And as the servant disappeared Laurence Selwyn rose and stood upon the hearthrug with his back to the fireplace and his face towards the door. The -servant re-entered almost immediately, bearing a salver on which lay the visitor's card . Laur'ence Selwyn raised it instantly. "Captain Fox Lennox," he read; "I know no person of that name," he added coolly. "I will see him here, however. Where is M isfi Grace ? " "In her own room, sir." "Oil, then ask Captain — cr — Fox Lennox," with a second re ference to the card, " to step in." This the servant did, and closing the door upon her master and the visitor, took her departure. Fox Lennox was the first to speak. " Mr. Selwyn, I have ventured " — but he stopped dead, looking at the man he addressed as one might look upon a face recalled from the grave. " You ! " he exclaimed under his breath. "I beg your pardon," Selwyn interposed, "you — er " " No, no, it is I who must beg your pardon ; I — I have called, Mr. Seiwyn, to was it cold down there?" he added, with a strange smile. "Down there! Down where, sir?" " Eh? Oh well," thought the fellow, as he remembered his share in that. night's work, " if he is prepared to forgive, I am equally pre pared to forget." "You regard me as though we had met before, Captain Fox- Lennox?" " Yes, that 's just it." "What is just it?" inquired Selwyn with an amused smile. " I little thought the shadows of the past would cross my life so soon," Fox Lennox murmured. " Heaven only knows what may be your motive for denying me. I can't conceive it. 1 cannot un derstand. I speak as if we had met before, do I ? Heavens ! man, have you no reason to remember it? You are wounded, I see." "Wounded, yes," responded Selwyn, mechanically. " Accident? "No, I was fired at." "A bullet, eh?" "Yes, sir, a bullet." "In England?" " No, in Ireland. I was mistaken for some honest rent-payer, no doubt, and " " Dear me," interrupted Fox Lennox, perspiring freely, "and we have never met before ? " "To the best of my belief, sir, never. But you are pale, captain — er — Fox Lennox," he added, with a third reference to the card; " can I ofier you any light refreshment ? " "No, no; nothing, thank you." "Then I will esteem it a favour if you will acquaint me with the object of this visit. " Fox Lennox hesitated for a moment. " I believe you are the trustee of the adjoining estate called ' The Woodlands'?" "Yes, T am. Are you here with a view to become its pure haser ?" " Well — er — yes, yes. May I ask you what, in round figures, is the price ? " " Forty-five thousand pounds." " Including everything? '' " Everything as advertised. The freehold, and every stick and stone upon it. The title is clear as daylight, and a third of the purchase-money may remain on mortgage at low interest." " I should not require the accommodation." "The present owner will like you all the better. You would like a receipt in full, then, I suppose?" he added. ' A receipt in full — yes ! Shall I show you my credentials ? " " Your credentials, captain ? " " Yes ; for I possess man's best passport : a talisman that secures him welcome everywhere, a rebuff nowhere. It creates friends, dis arms foes, covers vices, and discovers virtues." " May I ask what is this magic thing of which you are so happily possessed ? " " A heavy balance at my banker's." " You are cynical. ' " I am rich. Now, if you can, show me the plans of the estate." "Yes, I believe there are copies in my library. The originals, together with the title-deeds, are in the hands of the solicitors. If you will wait here for a few moments I will look them out." " With pleasure." And Fox Lennox, with some degree of trepidation, found himself alone. "My goodness," he thought, wiping his forehead; "the same face, the same stature, the same voice. A bullet wound in the right arm, received in Ireland too, and which he readily admitted. Jove ! and he — I have found him here in Sussex — her father, her father. And have come face to face with him, when I ventured with an ob ject. Oh ! how different. Her father— and no reproach for me, no word, no accusation. How the devil d'd he manage to escape that awful death ? and why is he so silent ? Let me think—let me think. He was described as William Manning, the convict : the world has never known him as Laurence Selwyn. And when I come to remember, the name of ' Grace ' escaped his lips on more than one occasion. Now, there is no witness — nothing but his accusation — to prove the attempt I made upon his life, and how that priceless treasure passed into my hands — my talisman, as I called it ; but I could call a dozen— ay, a hundred — men to witness h s identity. But silence for silence. Laurence Selwyn, my fangs shall lie perdu unless driven to bay." And as he arrived at this resolve he turned towards the door, for he could hear the rustling of a silk dress, and "Dad, I YOU!" Yes, through all that had passed she remembered the face — loo well she remembered it, and in its presence recognized the evil he had threatened long ago. " Miss Selwyn, observed Fox Lennox, bowing low. Q- CHAPTER X. Laurence Selwyn was greatly surprised on returning to the room, where he had left his visitor alone, to find him in conversation with his daughter. He was moreover at a loss to understand the familiar manner in which Fox Lennox made some reference to the past, and the half nervous answer it elicited from Grace. That they had met before was very evident. But Laurence Selwyn made no comment whatever until his visitor had departed, and then he ques tioned Grace without reserve. She told her story simply — a story which her father had in part been told before, and he listened with a grave attention. "And now this man has crossed my life again," she said, "at the very moment my heart is all anxiety for Owen. Why does he not write?" "That is a question, Grace, which time alone can answer," responded Selwyn. " The place is rather out of the way perhaps of any town or postal village, and Owen's love of the picturesque may have induced him to linger about the coast for a day or two. " " Without ever writing, dad? Oh no ! Still, a letter may arrive to-night," she added, hopefully, "for I have generally received his letters in the evening." But the evening came and with it no letter from Sir Owen O'Maille, and for the first time since hrr betrothal, Grace went to bed and cried herself to sleep. It was so unkind of him, she thought, not to have written, know ing her anxiety as to the result of his enterprise. But morning dawned and wakened her with the same shadow of doubt clinging round her happier thoughts, despite a steadfast reso lution to look upon the brighter side of things. Her first action that day, however, she esolvcd, would be to influence her father against accepting Captain Fox Lennox as a purchaser for " The Woodlands." He had evidently some secret motive for possessing the property, and she had guessed that motive pretty correctly. Not with the fear of any evil consequence arising therefrom, but merely that her dislike and contempt for the man resented the thought of his becoming a neighbour. For with the knowledge of his presence she would feel less at ease, less able to roam about at her pleasure; she would have to abandon her free- willed journeys, simply from the fear that this man would be con stantly at hand. She remembered past experiences, and the few words he had said but yesterday, with significant emphasis, warned her that his presence was a menace and a danger. But her father, greatly to her surprise, seemed to take a different view of things. This man had offered to purchase ' ' The Woodlands " at the sum demanded, some five thousand pounds more than Selwyn hoped to get from any one else. It was very difficult, he explained, to argue a man out of a property on which he had set his heart, with out any tangible reason. Moreover, when Fox Lennox knew of the engagement existent between Sir Owen and his daughter, what pos sible steps could he pursue to render her unhappy? Still Grace would not be satisfied. And she felt vexed that her father had treated her fears so lightly. " Of course, as trustee, I fully recognize your position in the matter," she observed, "and that it is to your interest to dispose of ' The Woodlands ' to the highest bidder ; still, I cannot help being sorry at the prospect of a sale which will constitute him the owner." But a little while after this discussion., when Laurence Selwyn had gone, as he said, to look over "The Woodlands," and Grace sat alone in the library, low spirited and full of aching doubts, the servant, ignorant of any one then occupying the room, ushered in Fox Lennox ; but reading her mistake at once by the expression on her young mistress's face, readily observed — "My master is at ' The Woodlands,' sir, and if you've called about the place, and would like to see him at once " But Fox Lennox interrupted her. " How do you do, Miss Selwyn? I am in no hurry," he added, turning to the servant, "and will wait for Mr. Selwyn here, if Miss Selwyn will allow me." " Certainly." And Grace crossed towards the door. " Will you permit me to retire? " she asked, bowing formally. "One moment, Miss Selwyn. May I crave one moment's con versation with you?" he asked, motioning away the servant with a wave of his arm. " I claim but a few moments," he added, coolly offering Grace a chair. " I can recognize no claim on my attention, sir, by you. If it be any reference to the past. I must decline " " Miss Selwyn, the past is dead." Fox Lennox interposed. "I have ttied my hardest to forget my wretched share in it. I have tried, I say, tried hard and failed, and, with, the humblest apology that a man can offer, I beg you to take the most generous view of the part I played, and pray you to believe that, though ruled by merce nary thoughts, my love at least was pure and truthful. Difficulties beset me, and I cruelly tried to see my way from them through you ; but amidst the black pages of that past which my own conscious shame and scorn and deep humility have lorn and trampled on, one purer page remains, one honest truth at least, a man's strong love. Vet stay, Miss Selwyn, let me beg your patience for a little longer. I will speak of the past no more, but of the present, from which my better heart has struggled night and day." He paused and dashed his hair back from his brow. " My coming here has. been a great surprise to you ; a pain to you, perhaps, if you will have it so ? " " A surprise, yes," murmured Grace, reproachfully. "And a displeasure?" added Fox Lennox. "Pray don't let politeness stand in the way of truth on my account," he continued, observing her silence keenly. " You promised to be brief with me, and if this k the nature of your conversation I must decline to hear you further." "Then in as few words as possible let me candidly express my true motive for coming here. I am about to purchase the estate hard by, 'The Woodlands.' " Perhaps Fox Lennox looked for some surprise from her ; but she stood quite still, betraying no feeling. She hated this man — really and truly hated him — for she thought of the power he once held over her heart, and how he would have used it. More than once she had made an effort to leave him now, but some look of his, some threatening fascination, some secret fear, bade her remain and listen, against her very will. " When I met you first, Miss Selwyn, I was a poor officer, to-day I am rich, rich. It is therefore my intention to buy ' The Wood lands,' as I say, because — but I dare not hope that you will even guess my reason." " Presumedly a good investment," Grace observed. " Far from it. I believe the property to be dear at three-fourths the price. But I am anxious to possess it, to be near ' The Elms ; ' your father may need a friend some day. a day not far removed, per haps, from this, when he will call me by that name. But I speak in riddles, riddles that you cannot understand, yet riddles that may stab home to your heart as awful truths too soon. " " I cannot understand you." " Nor my anxiety to become possessed of 'The Woodlands?'"' lie inquired. " Having no possible interest in the matter, I possess no wish to understand." "Then I-have fenced about the truth too long, " he observed, in- a tone which plainly told her what must' follow. "Miss Selwyn," he continued, humbly, yet terribly in earnest, " there is a feeling so U Intense, so absorbing, and so true, that it forgets everything, re nounces everything — kindred, friends, or life, if needs be — to realize its own. That feeling, need I say, is love. " Grace Selwyn looked him in the face. " Love, sir, to realize its own must be a sentiment reciprocal, not an article for sale, but for fair exchange." "I offer mine to you," he murmured, madly, for he loved Grace Selwyn, really and truly loved her. as he had never loved in his life before he mat her at that quiet country school, — he had nevrr loved a woman since, nor ever would, he swore. lie remembered all his empty resolutions, his respect, his silence, his efforts to forget in the flight of time that had kept him away from her; but they had melted into nothing, and all his hopes and wishes of the past crept back into his life. He had dared to see her once again, and his struggle to be honest was a hard one. He felt he had the poor girl in his power, that the coming of her own lover would even lend him strength to strike ; he thought of all, and gloried in his capability to wreck a simple, honest heart. He had offered her his love again — a keener insult' to her pride than the love he offered long ago ; and yet she answered, bearing with him as she spoke, with no contempt in her face, n scorn in her voice— - "' " I am the betrothed wife of Sir Owen O'Maille." Her listener's face grew white with passion at the mention of that name. "But docs he love you? Will you be his wife? Will nothing . part you ? Grace looked at him and smiled— a smile that seemed to pity his poor knowledge of a love so great as theirs. What in the wide world could ever part her from Owen's love but death ? She could afford to smile, being happy ; and yet the smile wandered away from her, as she met the glance of the stern knit face before her. It seemed to be threatening, with a power to threaten. "And yet you have not heard from him for days?" it said. "You are in mourning, too, I see ;" for it was looking at her dress she wore in memory of Owen's father. And yet Fox Lennox had not spoken. " You avoid my question," he said at last. " It has no answer — let me go 1 Something has happened. I am afraid of you." And she moved towards the door. " Something may happen, but it is happily in your power to avoid it. I don't suppose you will ever hear from your lover again." Grace Selwyn laid her hand on the back of a chair and looked at the speaker, endeavouring to be strong, and calm, and fearless. " Unless a formal letter breaking his engagement," he continued, " he will never claim you as his wife." " What do you mean ? " For Fox Lennox was speaking in a low and careless tone, that seemed to say he would continue only at her wish. " Your father has been in Ireland lately. Did he tell you how he came to get that bullet in his arm ? " "Yes — he told me," answered Grace, half audibly, trying to understand, to link events together in a half-entangled way. " What of it?" she inquired, for lie still imbed her to question him. " You seem to be in ignorance of vh.it look place last Tuesday, then, in Ireland ? " "In Ireland?" " Yes. At a chasm on the coast of Antrim 1 " " What took place ? Owen is not — hurl ? Speak 1 in mercy tell me what you know of him." "Little of him. It is to his cousin and your father that the tragedy refers. " "Tragedy 1" cried Grace. "Well, murder is a better word, perhaps." " Murder? — who was murdered ? " " Ilis cousin, Mr. Winterton." "His cousin — murdered ? By whom ? " " Your father, Mr. Selwyn 1 " "My father?" she repeated, stupidly. "Myfalhcr— hush— ishe.'e! "Ask him, then," said Fox Lennox coolly, as Laurence Selwyn entered. CHAPTER XI. But Grace had not the courage, she had lost all power of speech ; and her father stood before her, strangely perplexed and frowning. "Good morning, Mr. Selwyn," observed Fox Lennox. "Why, child, what is. the matter? you are ill 1" exclaimed her father, taking no notice of the sliangei's greeting. "Was this in terview of yu r seeking, Captain Fox Lennox ?" he added, sternly, " lor your presence seems to have distressed my daughter sadly." " Of my seeking, yes! Have you nothing to say to your father, Miss Selwyn ? " "No, no, nothing — now," was the answer, spoken hur riedly, almost beneath her breath, as she made some attempt to leave them. " Thank you, dad, thank you, I can go alone," she con tinued, as her father led her towards the door. " Will you come to me presently ? " she added, timidly raising her eyes to his face. She did not think him guilty for a moment, but the Captain's coolness had frightened her. He had asked her to court inquiry in I is pio- tence, a desire he would hardly have gratified unless able to m In stantiate his accusation villi something like good evidence. She wanted time to think, and 'this she would endeayour to gain in the solitude of her own room. It vas a room which opened out upon a lawn, a room whose sur roundings were indelibly associated with memories of Owen — memories which arose before her now like so many evils bringing pain. His cousin, Maurice Winterton, was murdered, and her father had been accused of the crime. There was nothing in it, of course ; it was all false ; false as the man who had risen like a coward to accuse him. What should she do ? Owen's terrible silence, her father's willingness to accept this man as the owner of "The Woodlands," and — worst fear of all — how came Fox Lennox to know of Owen's visit to the chasm, and the result of it ? Why had she not heard herself of what had happened ? If Owen's cousin had been murdered, would he not have been the first to send her word ? But he re the information had reached her, in her own home, from other lips, from the lips of a man v ho had threatened long ago to work her all the evil that he could ; to come between lur and her love at the e'eventh hour, was this the beginning of his horrible work, she wondered? VMiat if all were true, and he could prove his awful threat? For she remembered his words, "Something may happen, but it is happily in your power to avoid it." Was it the old, old story she had read about so often — a daughter's heart to save a father's honour? Would that be his condition fur silence? But she turned from her thoughts with a wild cry of delight as she gazed upon the figure of Sir Owen O'xUaille, who was crossing the lawn towards the window. She threw open the casement, he advanced to meet her. "O, Owen, my love, my love, thank God you have come back ' to me." - - - " My poor little bird 1 Yes, I have come. Don't tremble so, my darling, don't tremble so." o u — — "It was all a dream, Owen, wasn't it, a horrible dream," she cried, " from which you 've wakened me ? " Her lover's face grew pale. What knew she of the awful truth he bore of her father's crime, of his cousin's death ? " I know you must have been anxious, my sweetheart. Forgive me, forgive me for not writing ; but I knew that I could speak much better to the purpose." " Owen, you are cold to me. O, heaven ! yes, cold in spite of your words. What has happened ? Tell me all the truth, the truth, remember. " " Cold, my darling, no 1 " he answered, " you are dearer than life to me, for without you my life could never know a moment's peace." " Owen ! " she cried, and laughing strangely, nestled close unto his heart. "You ask me to tell you tbi truth. I will do so. But you must prepare yourself for a surprise." " I am prepared for anything you tell me." Owen regarded her in silence for a moment. Of course her anxiety had risen through the prolonged absence of her father, and he would contrive to break the knowledge of his death to her in time. It would be a fearful blow, loving him as she did — this he knew and recognized, never dreaming for a moment that her father was living and beneath the very roof that sheltered him that hour. " My mission was useless, dear, and I completely failed in it. The treasure was found, but lost again. It lies buried beneath the surging waters at the foot of the chasm. The spot is inapproachable almost, certainly at times, still, I had it dragged, and employed divers, but without success. The treasure is lost to us for ever. Would that its story ended there." He was silent for a moment, until Grace spoke. "You lost the treasure, Owen, then?" "Yes, and my cousin Maurice, too " Grace seemed to slip out of his arm and out of his life somehow, as he made this answer ; for she crept apart from him, her head in clined, her eyes cast down, looking like an image of despair. " Yes, poor Maurice ; you will be sorry, Grace. It was the end of him. My father's old companion, my cousin, and my friend." He set his teeth together firmly, and his fingers were closing into the palms of his hands, as he remembered. And he turned his face away from Grace that she might not see it, or that he might not look on hers, as he continued,— " He was murdered ; cruelly, foully murdered." He waited as though Grace would make some answer. But be yond a low cry of shivering horror no word or sound escaped her. " His murderer cut the rope as Maurice was ascending, consigning him and the treasure to the sea beneath. Or if he robbed him of the treasure he gained no end by it," he added, loosening a scarf from his neck as though he wanted air, and revealing at the same time to Grace that his face and neck weie bruised ; " for the cave in which he had sought refuge was exactly over the cave in which the treasure had been hidden," he continued, "and on causing it to be searched no second trace of the wallet could be found, so there was but one conclusion as to its destiny, it had either gone down into the gulf with poor Maurice. or with the murderer himself who shared his fate." "Who shared his fate? "repeated Grace. "Then your cousin's murderer is dead ? " she cried. "Yes, there can be little doubt of that. He scrambled to the summit of the chasm, where I, advancing, mistook him for Maurice, for it was growing dark, nor did I discover my mistake until I re cognized — a stranger. Then it was that missing my cousin I sus pected foul play. Then it was that I discovered the rope io have been cut, and accused — this fellow of having murdered Maurice. 1-Ie didn't attempt to deny it, but instantly closing with me, we wrestled, Grace, this man and I, on the precipice of eternity for very life. But he was a strong man ; I had no idea he was so strong." " Of whom are you speaking, Owen ? " Grace inquired, in a voice that was strange to the listener. " Of my cousin's murderer ! But my valet Robinson was near, and as this scoundrel — who had rendered me almost senseless by the repeated blows he rained about my head — raised a knife to finish his awful work, a bullet whizzed above me and his arm fell powerless at his side." "Which arm?" asked Grace. "I mean— the arm in which he held the knife, was it ? " "Yes, his right arm. Then, seeing his danger — for Robinson was advancing with the revolver in his hand — he swung over the chasm, and attempted to descend to the cave beneath ; but, on reaching the ledge, he lost his hold and fell back into the depths below. Thus retribution overtook him in his crime, pronouncing earthly punishment." "How horrible, how horrible!" repeated Grace; "and you wrestled with this man and saw his face ? " " Yes ! " "Won't it live in your memory for ever, Owen?" she asked, drawing nearer to him. "I hope not, dearest ; I will do my utmost to forget it, and the fate which overtook my cousin in the last and noblest action of his life. We have much to be thankful for," he added, "for if that man had lived now, the law would have compelled inquiry, and a trial would have followed, and a verdict and a sentence, and — it is better as it is," he murmured, taking Grace's hand, and raising her pale, tearless face that he might kiss it. " This story has upset you, darling. You will forget it in time, as I shall try to do. Why, child, how cold you are — like death. It is not cold here, either," he muttered, half aloud. " One question, Owen ; answer me one question. Was your cousin's murderer a stranger to you ? Ah, it is you who turn pale now ! " she cried ; no love in her eyes, no love in her voice ; for as fate had risen to put two lives apart, nothing but fear and horror. " Why do you ask me this?" "Because — oh, how can I answer?" " In heaven's name, my darling, tell me what you mean." But she drew away at his approach. " Captain Fox Lennox has been here," she said. " Fox Lennox ? Has he dared to cross your path again ? " "Oh, Owen, if that were all, but he is here to brand my own father with the crime of Cain, — with the crime of having murdered Maurice Winterton." "Am I awake? He, Fox Lennox, docs this? My God, how did he know?" cried Owen. " The truth — it is the truth, then !" murmured Grace, catching at his words, and swaying to and fro, clasping her hands together wildly. " And you come here with loving words and mercy and forgiveness for me ? Oh, Heaven, why can't I die, — why can't I die? " "What can I say to her, how comfort her?" thought Owen. " Your father is at rest, Grace. He is dead ! " "Dead !" " 1 had hoped to conceal the truth," he continued, in a broken voice, "but this man has dragged it into light, Heaven knows how ! and has used his knowledge to torture you. My innocent love ! " he added. "Your father's sin should shed no curse upon your spot- . less life, it should bring mercy rather — pity — love. Let him do his worst ; and if the world should turn from you, we '11 scoff at its opinion hand in hand." o "Ah no, don't take me to your heart again," she answered, shud dering, "you have yet the truth to le rn. My father is not dead > he live ; and is beneath this roof." " Lives — but when — when did he return ? " cried Owen, aghast at this d iscovery. " Yesterday ! " " Impossible ! or I have been mistaken," he added ; " for the man who fell from such a height could not be living now. It were a moral impossibility ; he must have been dashed to pieces on the rocks. It was nearly dark, ami Oh, heaven forgive me for causing you a moment's doubt ! " " There is no doubt, Owen," observed Grace, whose every word seemed to be spoken with an effort. " A stranger's face could never be mistaken for my father's, and even if it could, there is a pistol wound in his right arm which will rise in certain proof against him. But hush 1 hark ! " she added, wildly. " I hear his voice ! he is coming this way — to this room ! I asked him to " I cannot see him ! " " Owen " " I dare not. I 'am staying at the Eagle Inn — the little inn we sketched together long ago," he added, hastily. " Good-bye ! may Heaven bless you, my poor love 1 " And he hastened through the window, and across the lawn, as he had come ; as he would come again when an awful truth was known — a truth he little dreamed of now. And she — listening to her father's voice as it drew near, and to her lover's footsteps as they died away — stood spellbound, fixed as fate. "Who has just left you, Grace?" asked Selwyn, with a quick and anxious glance across the lawn. Only a low cry answered, like the wail of a lost happiness, as she staggered and fell at his feet. CHAPTER XII. The inn to which Owen had referred, and towards which his steps were slowly bent on leaving Grace, was situated but a few minutes' walk from "The Elms," and being removed some hundred yards or so from three cross roads, it was approached by a pathway — bounded on the right by a little rivulet, and on the left by a hedge of myrtle guarded by a fence of iron railings, which suddenly bearing to the left disclosed a garden of showy flowers, centred, by a large eagle on a piece of rugged stone, so high that one might marvel how it got there, throwing its shadow on the broad two- storied 1 uilding of whitewashed stone and climbing rose trees which appeared beyond, resembling more a country farm-house than an inn. For in the rear, fenced oh irom the extensive sloping fields whereon the cattle grazed, was a small yard in which were pig-stys, fowl-houses and duck-ponds, serving to supply the travellers, or temporary residents — for the Eagle Inn boasted of three spacious bed-rooms, set apart for family use — with pork and eggs and poultry ; whilst an old-traditional well supplied the house and yard with water. Indeed, it was a very pretty spot, its extreme cleanli ness being its most noteworthy feature; and Grace last year had sketched it from the field beyond, with Owen lying at her feet, sharpening her pencils and reading " Queen Mab." How well he remembered it. The little sketch in a plain oaken frame, hanging in his bed-room at his house at Bray. And how he had secretly anathematized the arrival of a waggonette from Hastings, with its party of thirty travellers, as they came flaunting out at the back of the inn, and along the fields rudely crossing his resting-place. Two lean old gentlemen who ought to have known better, and three stout Malaproprian ladies (?) who were levelling their badinage at an inoffensive member of their party, who had been made a bride that day, and — but why on earth recall all this, thought Owen, with his heart so full of aching doubts and fears ? Was it that the memory of those quiet hours with her brought some joy to him as he tried to dissipate the shadows of the present in the sunshine of the past ? But he had now reached the inn, and as he crossed its threshold he was accosted by the landlord's niece — a buxom wench of some eighteen summers — with the surprising intelligence that a gentleman wished to see him, and had been waiting for the last half hour or more in. his private room. " A gentleman — who can it be?" observed Owen, unconsciously aloud, " I can't say, sir ; he came in, looking very worn and tired, for he's not a young man, sir, and asked whereabouts was 'The Elms,' and I told him, but he didn't seem to want to go, but sat down, and father asked him if he would like anything to drink, seeing he was a gentleman, and willing to pay for it out of his own pocket. But he would take nothing, he said politely ; then asking father for writing paper, what did he do, sir, but set and wrote a note addressed to you, and asked if father would send it to 'The Elms.' Of course we told him you were staying here, and his face lit up with joy, and he tore up the no: e and said he would wait till you came back, and he 's up in the room now, sir." " Oh," observed Owen, who had listened with the utmost patience and attention to the young girl's story. " He didn't mention any name, I suppose?" "No, sir, and of course father couldn't ask him that ; but you'll find him up there, sir," she added, as Owen proceeded to mount a staircase on the left, wondering what manner of man this stranger could be. Ilis valet Robinson, perhaps; yet no, he knew "The Elms " very well ; he had been there once before — moreover, she had said he was an old man. Whom could it be? And he turned the handle of the door and entered. Before the fireplace, with one hand on the mantel-piece and the other on a chair back, looking very ill and very aged, as though a score of years had passed since last these two men met, stood an old friend, brought back from the grave. " Owen, my boy ! " And Sir Ow. n walked towards the figure slowly, silently, as he might walk towards some object in a dream, whose reality he doubted, till he stood quite close. " Maurice ! Maurice ! " "Yes, Owen, my boy." And the old man fell forward, his arms about Sir Owen's neck, sobbing like a child who had lost its way and found some friend in its trouble. It was long before he could be calm enough, or strong enough, to tell the story of his marvellous escape, and then he spoke in broken and disjointed sentences. Sir Owen recognized the awful change in his old friend, and saw that his mind was seriously shaken. For more than once in his story he would break off to recall incidents which had happened years before, and were wholly foreign to his recent peril, but which need not be observed in telling his story. There was also a wan dering, shifting look in his eyes, as though crazed with care or fever, and Sir Owen persuaded him to first snatch a few hours' sleep, or wait until he were better and stronger altogether, before he exerted himself by further speaking, but Maurice Winterton protested. It was of the utmost importance that no single hour should be lost, he said, to get at the bottom of this awful mystery. "When I had found the treasure, Owen," he observed, " I called to you, but you made no answer. 1 paid little heed to that, I : ( thought the wind might have carried my voice away, for it was rising then. So securing the wallet — a large and heavy wallet, Owen — in the silk scarf from my neck, I slipped it over my wrist, and com menced to ascend. I hadn't proceeded many feet, although it seemed an age to me, above that awful place, when I was startled by a voice before me, and I saw the figure of a man crouching on a ledge but a foot from my own face. . . . He carried a knife in his hand. ... I recognized him at once from the description of the man who murdered that poor young fellow near Ballycaslle. . . . Yes, I recognized him at once. He asked me for the wal let of jewels ; I laughed at him, and called for you ; but you must have gone away." ' ' I had ; I had ; a party of tourists was advancing, and I tried to keep them off." " Then he put his knife across the rope, and cut one of the strands above my head. Owen, my sensations were indescribably horrible. He asked me again for the wallet, and I answered never ; then he severed another strand, and I felt myself going. My God, Owen, it was awful. . . . Awful. . ' . . Anything would be better than such a death ; and if I fell the treasure would be buried with me, so I gave it up to him, and tried to clutch the rope above the severed strands; but he wouldn't let me, Owen. . . . He wouldn't let me. . , . For he put his knife across it. . . . And I fell. I was perfectly conscious, Owen, my boy Horribly conscious. ... It was only a second or two, that fall. But it seemed an age, in which I waited for the end. I waited to be dashed to pieces. ... It was an eternity of hell, and I gathered every nerve and muscle in my body to meet the awful shock. Splash I went, with terrific force, into the rushing water. I 'm fond of the water, Owen, and can strike out pretty freely, but I couldn't then. My limbs might have been paralyzed for all the use they were to me. I couldn't tell whether I was hurt, either. I didn't think about it, even. I was borne on a fearful current with a wild impetus.. . . I was dying, Owen, and I rose and fell with the rushing water as it drew me down over some stone or rose to stem another. I felt I was dying, and death seemed to have lost its terror. Still I was borne onwards, and into sudden darkness, for the water had entered some subterranean passage which opened out into a cave of shallow water, in the centre of which I found myself — breathing, my head well above the water, which still rushed on about me. I don't fancy that for a single second from the moment of my fall I was wholly unconscious of all I have described. I tried to raise myself and look about me. There was a dark roof over my head, which I knew was not the sky, and from an opening at either end of this underground passage strong light entered, the light of the world by night, yet still enough to let me see the most fantastic forms on the roof over my head, like a fairy palace, Owen, I have seen on the stage, when a boy — glittering with stalactites. I tried to speak, but I was afraid of my own voice, for its echoes came back to me like thunder. ... In time I grew more accustomed to the place, and could see fragments of fallen rock, buried here and there, round which the current flowed and rushed out at the far end, awakening most unearthly echoes in the cavern. " In a few minutes I had grown quite cold, and the place seemed to have grown darker, and the roof less shining, and even the rush ing water seemed to make less noise, or I had grown accustomed to its murmur. I began to feel that I was hurt in many places, too ; my head and arms were sore andsadly bruised, forthe water had grown very shallow as it bore me on, and I had struck against lh<! stones repeatedly. . . . I was beginning to wonder how it would all end, Owen, and was nearly succumbing to the temptation to crawl into the deeper water again, and let it bear me through the cave into open air, for I knew that it was either life or death beyond, and that one or other would be my lot before the night was gone. I say that I was wondering how to act, wondering in a sort of nightmare, when I was startled by the shriek of a human voice. I listened, I waited, but no further sound reached me ; nothing but the noise of the water as it went sweeping past. But in another minute — it might have been a minute, Owen, as far as I can guess — I could see a dark object coming along the water from the entrance to the cave, but it was soon borne out of the stream of light towards me, when I lost sight of it for a moment ; but in the next I could see it sweeping by me, the face" and body of a man. I had no need to put out my hand to stop its progress, for it rested suddenly and rolled over on the shallow, as no doubt I had done. It rested there for some time, motionless; and, Owen, my boy, something whi pered to me that the body was yours — that an attempt had been made upon your life as on my own — and I crawled towards it, But the man was alive, and he tried to rise. I spoke your name in that horrible pkice, but he answered with an exclamation of horror. I knew then who it was beside me, and recognized his voice ; knew, too, that I was confronted with another peril, for he was slowly creeping towards me, resting on one arm. 'What are you going to do?' I cried ; and as I backed away from him — not that I was afraid, Owen, but that I was bruised and weak — he followed, crawling along by the aid of his left hand, when sudd, nly, and just as he raised his arm to strike me, I fell from my Ldge into deep water, and, as a drowning man will clutch at anything, I clutched at him, and he fell with me, and we were borne along the stream together. I don't suppose there was more than three feet of water in that stream, but we had closed, preventing one another from securing a footing. He must have been accustomed to the water, Owen, or he could not have borne what followed, for on reaching the passage which opened out from the cave we were borne over the ledge with a fearful force into a lake beneath. The fall was only a few feet, but we struck the ground, and in another minute, wrestling apart, we stood in shallow water, regarding one another beneath the light of the moon. "I ha e made no mistake in the man ; I should have killed him, Owen, I know, if I had had the strength, but I contented myself in following him to the shore ; but, once on land, he soon outwalked me, and I was too weak to pursue him any farther. But, by the aid of a market cart, I managed to reach Bushmills in the early morning. The carrier was rather inquisitive; however, I succeeded in evading his questioning. But my clothes dried on me, Owen, and I am none the better for the knockabout I had that night. It is like a horrible dream with nothing real about it, for at times I can hardly realize that I experienced what I did." "But in the interval," exclaimed Owen, who had never once in terrupted his friend's narrative till now, "where have you been? how have you contrived to live ? " "Live?" "Yes; how did you manage to come to me, to know that I was here? Don't attempt to disguise the worst from me, old friend, for the worst is known already." And then he proceeded to tell his cousin of all that had transpired to him that night, his recognition of Laurence Selwyn, his struggle and its result. Then how he had sought Grace to gently break the news of her father's death, and his surprise on hearing he had re turned. Of course, he could understand now his manner of escape, and any doubt that had crossed, his mind this day on leaving Grace was at once banished, and his fears rose again in all their awful and prophetic truth ; whilst to his cousin, who for the sake of his hap piness and future had suffered all in silence, he expressed his thanks in tender, heartfelt words, his surprise and joy at his deliverance knowing no bounds. And when he continued to narrate more par ticularly the scene t' at had transpired between himself and Grace- how Fox Lennox had arrived with a knowledge of her father's crime IB _f0r the first time Maurice "Winterton rose from the sofa on which W he had reclined during the recital of his suffering and escape ; for W , one important fact he had entirely overlooked — a fact which Sir H Owen's story of Fox Lennox happily brought back to his remem- m brance. p "Laurence Selwyn was not alone in his crime," he exclaimed, " for in the shadow of the cave from whence he crawled to do his fearful work there crouched another. I had -seen that man before quite recently, but I couldn't remember where or when. I 've tried to think, but memory won't aid me. Still 1 fancy I should know i him again if I saw him. But the treasure, Owen," he added, break ing off, "the treasure that cost so much, did you secure it from — him?" "No. I saw no trace of it. It was not in his possession when he ; ascended to the summit, nor was it in the cave when after-search was ! made." "Then, Owen, it was taken by the second man I saw, and it must be the object of our lives to find him." He paused before the window as he spoke, for he had been pacing the room excitedly, and looked out upon the garden, on the spread- eagle in the centre, on the path beyond, and the rivulet which mar gined it, until his eyes rested on the figure of a man who was approaching ; but his eyesight was not strong, and he did not recognize in him the second person to whom he had but now re ferred, and to find whom he had said must be the object of their lives. A few moments' later the landlord's niece entered with two letters, | one of which she presented to Sir Owen, with the remark that it had been brought by a messenger from " The Elms." " This is not for me," he answered, frowning, although he recog nized the handwriting of Grace Selwyn. " This note is ad ressed to Captain Fox Lennox." "I beg your pardon, sir," exclaimed the girl ; "it 's for the other i gentleman who 's staying here. This is yours, sir ; I made a mis take, "she adde 1, extending her hand with the other letter, and proceeded with the first to a room on the ground floor, whose oriel window opene 1 oi the garden, and through which Fox Lennox had that moment entered. CHAPTER XIII. "My darling Owen, — At the risk of ofience I will address you thus, for in all human probability it is the last time you will ever hear from me. ' "I have been able to think more deeply and calmly of all that has been said against my father since we parted, and I have come to the conclusion that if he be guilty he can simulate innocence with wonderful hypocrisy. For without deliberately taxing him with what I have heard, I hinted sufficiently to let him know that I have a full knowledge of his crime; a knowledge which, had it alone reached me from the lips of Captain Fox Lennox, I should have re- 1 futed, casting the lie back to his teeth, but — from you, oh my love, it is too terrible. "But I mean to be strong, Owen, and to defend my father if I can, for from my soul I shall believe him innocent till he be proven guilty, or admit his crime. But now he seems quite perplexed at my behaviour, and asked me why you left the house at his approach, as though avoiding him. He demanded as his right, in fact, that I should tell him what had happened, and when I answered that his f life was in great peril, he calmly looked at me as though he thought me mad. " Ah, Owen, if I am not mad now I soon shall be. I seem to be a new being, with new fears, new hopes and instincts, since the re velation of this awful crime. " But let me tell you why I have written this. Captain Fox Lennox came yesterday to ' The Elms ' and made my father an offer to purchase ' The Woodlands ' for ready cish. Now where, in the first place, can he have possibly obtained the money to keep up such an estate? And how, in the second place, came he to witness your cousin's murder ? Two important questions, Owen, which I mean to fathom if I can. " I have written to him ; he is slaying to-night at the same inn as yourself — a fortunate occurrence, for you can watch him. You see, I still regard you as though you had my father's interest and my own at heart, in spite of the love you bore for your poor cousin ; but to whom else can I turn in my awful trouble but to you ? I have written to Captain Fox Lennox, saying I have considered his pro posal — an infamous proposal, Owen, — and will call at the Eagle Inn at eight o'clock this evening with my answer. For I may as well tell you that his ' silence ' or ' exposure ' will be governed by my acceptance or refusal of his hand. Now, Owen, I want you to be near me when I see this man, to watch his every movement, for I mean to play a hazardous game, and yo :, dear, will not judge me falsely, whatever I may do. "Yours faithfully in affliction, " Grace. " "My own dear Grace, — I send this in answer to your note by special messenger, as it is necessary I should put you in possession of one or two important truths before you face Fox Lennox. "After leaving you to-day, and arriving at the inn, I was in formed that a gentleman waited to see me, and so hastened to my , room. Now, Grace, don't let this news excite you, for it is good news. Maurice Winterton is alive: after a miraculous escape from death, he has come quietly to England, and is before me as I write. It will serve neither of us to disguise suspicions, dear ; and although | Maurice declares that your father cut the rope, he also declares that a second person was with him when the crime was committed, and that the treasure is not at the bottom of the gulf, as I expected, but in the possession of this unknown accomplice or accessory to the crime. "Now, without arriving at any hasty conclusion as regards Fox Lennox, but duly considering the two important questions you have urged, it would be advisable to bring my cousin, who declares he would recognize this second man, and Fox Lennox together. Then, in the event of mutual recognition, I think our friend the captain will readily waive his modest threat and infamous proposal ; for, as it is our object to discover how he has learned so much, you will have a strong weapon to wield by invoking the aid of a man he fully believes to be dead. ' ' I need not tell you to be brave, my darling, for I know you to be nerved for this great struggle. " Maurice sends his best wishes, and prayerfully hopes that your father is innocent of the awful attempt upon his life. " To-night, then, at eight, my dear one, I will watch, and wait ; till then "Believe me, dearest Grace, " Always your own, "Owen." CHAPTER XIV. It lacked some forty minutes to the hour of eight when Laurence Selwyn, presenting himself at the Eagle Inn, was shown into the private room occupied by Fox Lennox, who, seemingly unprepared for any interruption of the sort, was at that moment minutely exam ining the contents of a portmanteau, from which he turned with a startled look, then, hustling everything together, shut up the port- manteau with an effort, evidencing anything but composure on be holding his visitor. " I fear I interrupt," said Selwyn, quietly, " Not at all ; I was merely getting my things together, preparing for a journey to-morrow. " But his face belied his confession, and Laurence Selwyn was shrewd enough to detect his embarrassment, as he carefully closed the door and advanced towards the table, placing one hand upon it as if to steady himself. "You look very pale, Mr. Selwyn; are you ill? "Fox Lennox asked, with a mock alarm for his visitor's health, but with real alarm to know the purpose of his visit. For to him Laurence Selwyn was a nightmare, a horribly incomprehensible dream; for despite the man s cool and magnificent assumption of innocence as to the past, he knew him to be his awful companion in the chasm. If he would only say something, instead of standing; there with that pale face, and those great troubled eyes, which seemed to be reading him and taking in the surroundings of the room, together with its probable weapons of defence. "Yes, I am ill." " Your wounded arm, perhaps——" " No ; it is illness of the mind." " Oh ! " "Yes!" " I am very sorry to hear it ; if there is anything that I can do " A great deal ; that 's why I have come to you." "Oh!" " Yes. Since your .visit to my house everything has changed, and a mystery'is wrapped about it all. For my daughter, tutored, sir, by you, seems to suspect me of some crime. What crime, I ask?" " And are you come to me for the answer? " "I have come to you for an explanation. My daughter and you were for some time together, yesterday. When I left her, some 1 hour or so before your meeting, she spoke in the bitterest terms of you, begging me not to accept your offer for ' The Woodlands ;' and yet, when I return, I find her in your company, casting im ploring glances, as though begging you in mercy to withhold some secret ; and from that hour her life has changed towards me, Even her future husband, Sir Owen O'Maille, escapes from my approach, when we have not met for months." " For months ? " Fox Lennox interposed. "For months, I say. What does it mean? You, sir, can tell me. You know that as well as I." "Well — yes ; as well as you, perhaps." "Then in the name of common humanity tell me what all this mystery means. And of what crime do I stand accused? For, judging from my daughter's wild and incoherent words, it can be nothing short of murder. Are you listening ? " " Yes, of course," respondedFox Lennox, who was at that moment regarding his companion with a stupid, far-off look ; ' ' only compose yourself," he added, as he fixed his eyes upon him. ' ' This is a terrible affair, and you have not overhit the mark in arriving at murder ; but if you would see your way through it safely you must keep cool." "Cool !'' exclaimed Selwyn, hotly, "cool to face an accusation like this? No, sir, under such circumstances guilt only can be cool. I appealed to my child this afternoon to explain herself more fully," he added, " to tell me without a moment's hesitation of what she suspects me ; but all I could get from her was that Sir Owen's cousin, Maurice Winterton — a very worthy man, I have been told — has been murdered ; added to which she made some lame reference to a rope which some one had cut — which I had cut. What rope, I ask ? " "Why, the rope down the chasm," was the answer. Laurence Selwyn started back, passed his hand over his face and head as if to assure himself that he was awake. " What chasm ? " "Eh ? " observed Fox Lennox, with confusion. " What chasm ? " repeated Selwyn ; " who said it was a chasm ? " "Why, didn't you?" answered his companion, somewhat un easily. "No — chasm ? .It is very strange ; only yesterday you used that word to me." "Did I?" "You did. And when you were shown into my room, you staggered back at the sight of me. Good heavens, man, you can't deny that, surely." " The fact is I — er — I am of a nervous temperament, and am often startled without cause." " Indeed ; and yet you say you take things coolly." " Mr. Selwyn, what am I to understand by this cross-questioning? IIow much longer are you going to support this comedy — or shall we call it tragedy ? What the devil do you hope to gain by all this mystery and denial ? " Again Laurence Selwyn looked about the room, his eyes wander ing from the window to the fireplace and the door, his hand still resting on the table. " I don't know what I 'm saying or doing, that 's a fact. I feel quite giddy and sick." tf» But he made an effort to movc-as he continued, half inaudi- bly,— " Let me recall that night. — I was attacked by three men, who shot at me from a thicket, and I heard one of them exclaim, ' He is not our man. You always were a bungler ; let him defend himself if he likes.' But I hastened away to Coleraine, where a surgeon of police extracted the ball, and taking down a statement of all that had happened, a patrol of mounted constabulary was sent out in the direction of the agrarians ; but surely," he added, " nothing can have come of that to threaten me with ill ? I know of nothing else. I will see Sir Owen O'Maille, who is slopping at this inn." "At this inn?" exclaimed Fox Lennox, anxiously. " So they told me. and I should like to see him. I want to know of what I am accused ; it 's my right to know it," he added, firmly, "that I may defend myself in his eyes, and my daughter's, and the sight of the world. I can't prove my innocence when I don't know what it's about. How very dark it 's growing," he added, with a stupid look. " As dark as his soul," thought Fox Lennox ; "for he 's a mad man 1 " But he contented himself by observing aloud, — " The evenings are drawing in ; winter will soon be here." "Yes, but what was I saying just now? Oh, about my daughter. Does she really fancy that I commit' ed some murder, now?" "Yes ! " replied his listener, dubitably. " Why did you tell her?" "She was speaking of your wounded arm, and " Here he paused, regarding Selwyn earnestly, as though some new light were breaking in upon Lim. Laurence Selwyn had changed his tactics, surely. "What else?" asked his listener, equally earnest now. "You loved my daughter once, and would have worked her evil ? Didn't you — wouldn't you?" " No, I swear not — that. I loved her, and I love her now, dearer than anything on earth ! " " Then tell me what this mystery means?" " I can tell you nothing more than you know yourself," answered Fox Lennox, drawing out his watch, as the recollection of Grace Selwyn s promised visit flashed upon him. In twenty minutes she would be asking for him at the inn. He had managed to dispose of , c the landlord, on a mission that would secure his absence for an hour or so ; the labourers in the fields would have gone to their homes ; the only house- servant had gone into Hastings ; so when Grace Selwyn arrived there would only be the landlord's niece in the place, for he had no knowledge of Sir Owen's presence until Selwyn told him of it, and he somewhat feared the consequences now. However, he must submit to circumstances ; he had a very sure hand to play, and that, at least, was a comfortable thought in his well-planned inten tions for the future. "I think I will remain here for a few minutes, a little rest might pull me together; I haven't the heart to face my child just yet." "Very .well," Fox Lennox answered with well assumed in difference, "no one is likely to disturb you in my room." " No, thank you, I will seek another room in the inn, and write a few words to Sir Owen, and ask him for an interview. Perhaps he will give me the information you refuse." A resolve to which Fox Lennox kindly expressed himself, hoping that matters would come right in the end, having himself no doubt of it, etc. Then, left alone, he proceeded to light an oil lamp which stood on a table in the centre of the room. " Whew," he murmured, turning up the wick, " this is a singular business, and I don't half like it. Am I deceived ? Is it possible that this man and the escaped convict are different persons ? Tscha ! such a thing were impossible ; Selwyn is playing some game beyond my comprehension, and it is evidently not to his interest to denounce me for the attempt I made upon his life ; and yet he must suspect me to have possession of those diamonds. 1 :11 go up to London | to- morrow, and find a market for some more of them ; for I shan't feel f thoroughly secure until I see that portmanteau clear of them en tirely. A quarter to eight. In a quarter of an hour she will be here. I. wonder if he. knows of her coming, and has feigned illness to remain. at hand and hear exactly what she knows? And there 's O'Maille in the house, too. I'm beginning to feel confoundedly uncomfortable. If he would only be candid with me. Perhaps it's better not, though ; and yet, there 's more than I can spend in my lifetime, unless 1 fling it away. In four days I shall have realized nearly two hundred thousand pounds, and all left within six or seven of our principal cities. I 've got the receipts all right, and I shan't stick out for the sake of a few hundreds ; besides, what the deuce do I know about the price of such things ? What's that ? " and he listened. " Footsteps — footsteps, hurried, and approaching this door." He paused abruptly, and raised the lamp above his head, as a stranger, closely muffled, entered hastily, from the passage and closed the door behind him. CHAPTER XV. On leaving the presence of Fox Lennox, Laurence Selwyn pro ceeded at once to the bar-parlour, where he made inquiries for Sir Owen O'Maille of the landlord's niece, who readily answered by conducting him to the door of the baronet's room, upon the threshold of which he paused for a few moments, and then knocked lightly for admission. His summons was answered from within by a voice which he immediately recognized to be Sir Owen's, so he boldly opened the door and entered. He was determined to fathom this mystery that was closing round him, a mystery shutting out hearts that were nearest and dearest to him ; determined to discover why his name was so suspiciously as sociated with the death of Maurice Winterton, a man he had but seen once in his life, and then when he had dined in his house in Gloucester Gate as Sir Owen's frit nd and cousin. He would also discover why Sir Owen had fled from his daughter's presence at his approach, and what offence he had committed that he should have put this slight upon him — upon him, whose chief de light in life was to witness his daughter's happiness with the man whom she had chosen of all others in the world. "Sir Owen O'Maille," he exclaimed, but broke off suddenly, startled at the presence of another. It is all a mistake, then, after all, he thinks, for before him stands the man declared by his daughter to have been murdered But why does he not come forward "and take him by the hand ? Why does Sir Owen, too, regard him with a look of horror, his eyes wandering from his face to the sling in which his wounded arm is resting ? He has a right to know what it all means — this cold ness and this shrinking back from him. "You did not expect to see me here?" observed Winterton, endeavouring to be calm in the presence of the man who had wrought him so much evil ; endeavouring to be calm for the sake of the man so dear to him, and the woman who might have been his wife without the memory of a crime or the shadow of a shame to mar their youthful happiness. "I did not expect to see you, but I am very glad," responded Selwyn gravely, " for your presence helps to dispel some of the doubts and fears that have been crowded on my life to-day. You stand aloof, Sir Owen. Please give me the opportunity of defending myself, for I am in the dark as to how I have offended you and yours." Sir Owen was silent, his anger broken down, his power to strike completely gone, before the calm and honest eyes that looked into his own. But the feeling was a transitory one, for the next moment, remembering the past week with all its ghastly truth, and the part this man had played in it, he observed in a cold, harsh voice — "Are you come from your companion in crime to work us further evil ? " " My companion ? " "Yes — Fox Lennox." " Fox Lennox ! He is no companion of mine, he presented himself at my house yesterday for the first time to my knowledge ; I had just returned from Ireland. I went to Coleraine on business, Owen, business in which a wish, expressed by you some months ago, was materially concerned, and which, if you only knew, you would hardly turn away from me as you are doing now." "My happiness?" echoed Sir Owen; "where did you meet with that wound ? — a bullet wound, I think." " Yes, a bullet wound," responded Selwyn, nursing his arm ; " I was fired at on the road to Coleraine." "Heavens, man!" exclaimed old Maurice, wralhfully, "have you no soul that you can stand there lying like Judas? Look at me, ' and tell me where we last met face to face." "I remember well," observed Selwyn, trying to speak calmly. " I was thinking of you as I came in here. It was at my house in London." "Never since?" " Never to my knowledge." " Then you are either a clever villain or an honest man ; either a convict and a murderer, or there is a pale, blurred image of yourself wandering the earth. How came you and Fox Lennox here to gether ? how came you with that bullet in your arm if you and I did not meet four days ago, when you made a brptal attempt upon my life? — ah 1 you are turning very pale, sir. Now, perhaps, you can recall to mind a chasm with a trembling wretch — myself — dinting to a rope above its depths, whilst over him another leaned with a knife in his hand — a knife with which he cuts the strands which bound his fellow-man to life. Do you remember ? " " Nothing, unless you would have me think that I am mad. A chasm ? — you all speak of a chasm. Fox Lennox did just now r Am I mistaken for another ? Am I mistaken for — oh, no ! that were impossible. HE died in the Crimea. I should have heard of it ; yes, yes. I should have heard of his existence long ago." Thus saying, or rather murmuring to himself, for he had spoken half in whispers, he sank into a chair, but started up again,, as a cry rang through the inn — a woman's cry for help. CHAPTER XVI. It was some time ere Fox Lennox could recover from his surprise on beholding a man who was not Wholly a stranger to him ; a man who needs some slight description at our hands. He was of five and fifty years, well-built, tall, and muscular ; his hair was raven black ; his features full and bold. No hair had grown upon his face, a fact to be regretted rather, for a blood-red birth- mark covered his right cheek from eye. to neck, disfiguring his features, which were really well defined. His eyes, of darkest brown, were surmounted by an earnest, thoughtful brow, and the whole expression of his face was that of grave intelligence and stead fast resolution. lie was outwardly dressed in a slouched hat and a long overcoat, whilst his right arm hung powerless at his side. " Now be careful, or you '11 drop the lamp, ' he hissed, advancing on Fox Lennox, who was visibly trembling ; " spill the oil and spoil the carpet. " " You ! " " Yes. Don't staTe so, you cur ; spectres don't dress in top coats, or carry these things," he added, producing a revolver, charged and ready for action. " Put the lamp on the table, man. How your hand trembles — that treacherous hand which forced me into the chasm." "Hush, hush 1 " murmured Fox Lennox, with a hurried glance towards the door just closed. " I 've waited nearly half an hour before I ventured here. I saw the man you were talking to. He has just crossed the passage, and is in the room beyond." " He will overhear you — yes." " Ah, I should be sorry for him to do that," he responded, lower ing his voice. " If'Uiere 's a key in that lock it would be advisable to turn it." . ' Fox Lennox obeyed implicitly, waiting afterwards to listen. " I dare say it 's a riddle to you, my foxy friend, how it is you see me here, and alive. You 've been a lot of trouble to me, but that 's all over now, and at present our interests are in common if our hearts are at war. The police are on my track," he added, speak ing hurriedly, "and are at present engaged in hunting up the lord ol 'The Elms,' on a charge of murder and robbeiy, and being an escaped convict, and two' or three other charges of minor import ance, which they mean to prefer against him." " What do you mean ? " " Two common articles," replied the man, looking hastily round the room, " money and revenge." " On whom do you mean to be revenged ? " "Oh, not on you ! that's a secondary consideration, but on Lau rence Selwyn. Do you think I have been playing hide-and-seek with the police for the last week with no definite purpose? No ; I should have been taken long ago, or have bljwn my brains out, but for this one hope." " What is Laurence Selwyn to you? " "My brother." "Does he know you are in England?" asked Fox Lennox, still doubtful whether this man was not really Laurence Selwyn tricking him again. "No ; he fancied I was killed in the Crimea, and went so far as to raise a tablet recording my virtues." " How, then, has he wronged you ? " "We were twin brothers, and by means of our resemblance, which has startled more than you, he wormed himself into the heart of the girl I loved — taking advantage of my absence with my regi ment, like the coward that he was, to win her to himself. lie never even told me of his marriage till I returned to find her his wife, and then he answered that he did not know I loved her — like the liar that he was. In a few days my regiment was ordered to the Crimea. I was reported by mistake among the dead, and I never thought it worth my while to apprise my only brother of the fact of my existence. Perhaps he mourned me — perhaps she did — a little. But I changed, went wrong ; and at his door I lay the cause of all my after sin. He cheat< d me of my love by our resemblance then, I cheat him of his life by our resemblance now." A clock in the passage struck eight. " She will be here directly," murmured Fox Lennox unconsciously aloud. " Who will be here? " "Ilis daughter, Grace." " That was her name, but she died— died young." " You don't seem to be afraid of any danger ? " "Afraid — no. There's such a thing as getting past fear. But why is Grace Selwyn coming to this place ? he added. " She wrote making an appointment here at eight. That clock is slow which struck just now, it's nearly ten minutes past. She will be here directly. What do you mean to do ? " But ere the question was asked a light knock at the door fell on their ears. "Behind those curtains — quick!" exclaimed Fox Lennox, and as his companion hastened to obey he advanced to the door, and, quietly unlocking it, gained an easy position in an arm-chair as the knock was repeated. " Come in ! " The landlord's niece entered. "A lady, sir, wishes to speak to you for a few minutes if you will be so good as to " " Show her in here, please," interposed Fox Lennox, with a nervous glance towards the curtains. " It is Miss Selwyn, from ' The Elms,' sir," she continued in a whisper. " Yes, I expected her — keep close." This last remark addressed to his companion as the young girl disappeared. Fox Lennox waited, and in less than half a minute she returned, showing in Grace Selwyn, looking very pale but very beautiful, he thought. CHAPTER XVII. Fox Lennox advanced to greet her, and feigning not to recognize her cold reception of him, passed a chair towards her, with a hurried nervous glance in the direction of the window. " May I ask to what fortunate circumstance I owe the honour of this visit?" he inquired. Grace drew herself up slowly and threw her head a little back, as though steeling her heart for what she had to say. "There are moments when grief is an excuse for almost any step, however apparently immodest," she observed, speaking very low ; " such a one is this. Let grief be my excuse for coming here to night." Fox Lennox turned up the wick of the lamp, and in a tone of deepest reverence again begged her to be seated. But she did not seem to know that he had spoken, as she con tinued hurriedly, still speaking low, and looking round as though in fear of listeners. o — " Your words of this morning have made me very, very miserable ; I don't know what to think." ' ' I wish to Heaven I had spared you the awful truth of it, Miss Selwyn, or that it had fallen to your ears from other lips than mine." Still unobservant of his words, which sounded nothing short of mockery to her, and had been better left unsaid, she continued calmly — " They told me as I passed in here that my father had been with you but a little time ago." " Quite true ; we had some business to transact — he has not yet left the inn, I fancy. " "Captain Fox Lennox, you have advanced an awful accusation against him, and have imposed upon me the power to purchase your silence. Suppose now I agreed to your conditions, do you think we could ever be happy together ? " " Happy ? " echoed her listener, madly, all his lost passionate love for her springing into life and light, " happy with you ? oh yes ! " he continued, advancing towards her ; but something in her cold, calm face repulsed him, and he paused to add, " You hate me, that is clear. Very well, after all it 's better so, perhaps. If I were silent, as you wish, your lover would speak out. He was standing quite close to her, struggling with his own deep love, and the villainous advantage he believed that he possessed. She would never be happy with him, she had said. Perhaps not. But the joy of possession would make amends for that, and her love might grow to him in time. She had spoken as though she had come prepared to sacrifice her future hopes to save her father's life ; and the thought was like a great deep joy to him ; he loved her with all the passion of his narrow mind ; and this woman, who had changed his life to crime and sin, might recreate it yet ; why should he hesitate ? " "Miss Selwyn — Grace — oh, hear me," he added, interposed ly, for she had shaped her lips to interrupt him. " Since I had the misfortune to meet you long years ago, my life has changed little by little for the worse, and all that is good in me has slowly died away in the years that have divided us. But one thing will save me — your love ; without it I will not look an hour into the future, for it has no place for me. Despise me, hate me, if you like ; I will abide any treatment at your hands, so that I possess you. I am rich," he added, hurriedly, "very rich. You will never know a moment's poverty or hunger. I will take you away from here, where your name will soon be tarnished by a father's crime, and your puling friends will point with pity and compassion at the daughter of a mur derer. Do you think O'Maille will ever care for you, or love you as in the past, or make you his wife in the face of all that threatens and will surely befall your innocent life ? Do you think " "Oh, horror, no!" cried Grace, "no more ! You will spare me ? You will not force me to become your wife? To your nobility as a man, to your soul as a gentleman, to the heart that speaks of love for me, I now appeal : have mercy ! " She bowed her head to hide the feeling of revulsion which she felt her face must show, for it was so difficult to hide her contempt for the man in whose heart she knew too well that neither quality she spoke of could preside. "You came here to give me your answer," said Fox Lennox, hoarsely, remembering the silent witness to this interview, " and yes or no is quickly said." " Before I answer, tell me what proof I have that you are rich ; and that, being once away from here, you will not drag me down through poverty and cast me off in shame ? " " The proof of all that I possess, the proof of my strong love." ' ' I have no faith in your possessions ; they may be but a part and parcel of your deep-laid plan, for anything I know." " Will a single proof of my wealth cont. nt you ? " he asked ; " if so, here are notes for several thousands — genuine, you see — and here my mother's necklet, worth alone five thousand pounds." " Let me see the necklet." He took it from the same large leathern pocket-book in which he had the notes. " Will that suffice you ?" "Yes. Now answer me two questions, on your soul, and if ycu answer me the truth, I will be your wife." " A score of questions, if it pleases you to ask them," he re sponded, readily. " No, I only desire two." Fox Lennox observed her closely ; she was trembling, visibly trembling, and yet her voice betrayed no inward struggle. " How came you in possession of this great wealth?" she asked. He was evidently prepared to make answer, for upon hearing her question, no single movement of his features betrayed embarrass ment. "My brother has been visited with qualms of conscience — I was the younger brother, you know — and on hearing of my wretched and dependent state, he has shared my father's property wiih me, including half the valuation of his estate, as it stands, half all in vested moneys, and an equal division of our family heirlooms, of which the necklet I have shown you is one." "And, on your soul, that is truth ? " " Yes. And now," he added, " half your promise is fulfilled — what is your second question ? " " This. How came you to be a witness to the crime alleged against my father ? Where were you when the murder was com mitted ? " Fox Lennox laughed uneasily. "That is two questions, eh? However, I am willing enough to answer them." " On your soul, remember ! " " On my soul, yes ! " The pause was but a momentary one, during which his eyes had wandered in the direction of the curtains. "I was exploring the coast, and had fallen asleep at the mouth of the chasm, though on the opposite side to that on which the crime was committed. I was awakened by voices, and saw all that took place. I never knew the murderer was your father until I saw him at ' The Elms,' and recognized his face, and the wound he had received in his arm from O'Maille's valet. Now," he added, with the look and triumph of a conqueror, ' ' your promise is given and— — " " One moment. You have answered — lies ! " "How?" " The wealth that you have spoken of as coming from your brother was derived from the contents of a wallet of jewels stolen from the hands of the murdered man, and is the property of Sir Owen O'Maille." " By , you lie !"' ' "No; that necklet bears the ancient arms of The O'Maille. I recognized it in a moment. Now, brand my father as a murderer, and I will prove you an accomplice and an accessory to the crime." Fox Lennox regarded her with a savage smile. "You are very beautiful, ma hel/e, and have played a very pretty little farce for my amusement. What a pity it is not founcV on fact, though, instead of supposition. But do you think such heroics will save you ? " he added, savagely. " Upon my soul it makes me love you more, and more intent am I upon my resolution to possess you." " That you shall never do," she answered, " nor do you leave this inn until you have satisfactorily accounted to Sir Owen for your possession of that necklet." It was a bold declaration for her to make. Fox Lennox thought so too, as he responded savagely, " Take _Q care, or yrvi will force me to be dangerous. I see this is a plot of your--, or Ins, to fngnien me. But that doesn't make your father less a murderer, and as such I will denounce him now, for you 've been tricking me — acting a vile deception." "My father is no murderer, she answered quietly." And as she spoke a truth dawned suddenly upon her listener. What if Maurice Win'erton really lived, and she knew it ? For was it not more likely thai he should have been saved than the man who had returned with wounded arm and broken limbs that hour? Was every hope passing from him ? Were the meshes of the web which he had weft for others closing round himself? It should not be ! She was laughing at him with contempt, and had rejected his proffered love wiih loathing ; but she had spoken truly, that he knew, and he cursed the moment in which she had so cunningly prompted him to revejl the necklet. What a fool he had been, and must she be the victor in the end ? No, a downward path was before him, and he would drag her with him, or suffer his own defeat. She had been the curse of his life ; yes, a life he was within n ace of destroying once when her mocking words had made it little better than a curse to him. She was in his power, and he would use it now. " Grace Selwyn, you shall leave this place with me at once." But she only laughed. She knew that help was near, ami she was safe. She had fancied that she heard her lover's footsteps more than once, and what had she to fear-? Her end was gained ; she had defeated this man, and discovered sufficient to prove him the aider of a hideous attempt upon a fellow-creature's lile, and the compounder of a felony. But she was not prepared for the horrible earnestness with which he advanced towards her and seized her by the wrist, or for the sight of some glittering weapon in his left hand, a revolver or a knife ; she was certain it was one of these, and that he stood before her now a desperate man. "What would you do?" she cried, with sudden and alarmine fear. " I choose," he hissed — quietly locking th door and returning to her — " between the gallows and your love. A murderer's doom or a life with you — which shall it be ? " He swung her round him and she fell upon her knees. ' ' Help — oh, help ! " " Silence. There is none ! Be quiet, release my wrist , or I will plunge this knife into your heart. I love and hate you in one breath. Your will ? " he cried. "Oh, help!" Having no means to quiet her, Fox Lennox felt that it was very close upon the end with him, and recognized the folly of his actions; she had alarmed the house, and already footsteps had approached the floor without. In his present madness he had forgotten all but his companion of the chasm, who had stood concealed behind the curtains all this time, and whose safety he had seriously imperilled. But the man in hiding made no effort to advance ; once he had opened the fastening of the' window with a view to escape therefrom, but the figures of two men without were too well known by him. He had evaded them in Ireland, in England, in London, at " The Elms," and now from his heart he cursed the folly of Fox Lennox, for these detectives had traced him to the inn. They had not arrested Laurence Selwyn then, skilfully as he had lured them to his house, unless his brother still remained at the inn ; in that case hope was still before him : but the loud cry for help from Grace now startled him, and with it came a hammering at the door. Such blows would quickly send it into splinters, he thought, recognizing his escape by the window to be still cut off by the vigilance of the detectives, and, in less than a minute, as a piercing shriek broke from the lips of Grace, the door was broken down into the room, and Sir Owen entered, followed by his cousin. It is difficult to say whether Fox Lennox, armed with a weapon and his rage, would not have had a speedy advantage over Sir Owen — being far the stronger man — had not Laurence Selwyn, who was responsible for Sir Owen's delay in answering Grace's cries, rushed forward to his assistance, whilst Grace sought the protection of Maurice Winterton, who clasped her to his arms with nervous haste. i ' Be brave, my child, be brave ! Never mind Owen ; he is a'.l right. lie '11 soon pin that scoundrel. I recognized him in a moment. See, he recognizes me ! — the accomplice of a murderer — courage, now, the officers are here. " "The officers !" cried Grace, as she saw her father reel forward from a blow levelled at him by Fox Lennox — " not, not to take him — my father — they have not come for that ? " " It'll all come right — only wait, only hope. Well done, Owen, my boy," he added, as coolly as though he were looking at some school fight. " Now, Captain Fox Lennox, I think you have lost the day. " For he had been thrown back upon the floor, and Sir Owen lnd planted a knee upon his chest ; he had also taken the knife from him before it had done any mischief, and it lay some distance from them on the floor. Never once had Sir Owen or his adversary spoken ; their faces had been sternly knit, and now they were quite breath less, Fox Lennox looking more like a savage animal in defeat than a human being. "You coward!" Sir Owen hissed at last; but all expression vanished now from the face of his bitter, st foe, as he lay in lost reason, his features relaxed, composed, as though he had fallen asleep. Sir Owen rose and looked at Grace, then at her father and his cousin ; for a stranger stood upon the threshold of the door. " Laurence Selwyn, "he exclaimed, producing a pair of handcuffs, "alias William Manning, alias Hammond. I apprehend you in the Queen's name for the murder of James Donoghuc, in Ireland, in June last, by ill- 'Travellers' Rest' Inn, on the Ballycaslle Road, also for several other counts preferred against you in this warrant. You 've given us a deal of trouble," he added, wiping his forehead, " but I think you may as will come quietly now." Laurence Selw)n made no answer, but extended his hand and accepted the warrant from the officer with a perfectly bewildered look. " I — arrested — for muider? " he said, turning an ashy paleness. " No, no ; oh, father, quick — escape ! " cried Grace. "That won't save him, miss," the detective interposed, " rr.y mate's outside that window, he's tried that rc- acl already. I think lie had better come while all his limbs are whole." " It can't be — it can't be," muttered Laurence Selwyn, half in- audibly ; " he died in the Crimea." " Oh," exclaimed the detective, " a wandering in his mind now, eh? Insanity's no go, my friend, ii 's been tried too often, and folks are getting pretty sick of it by this time. Come — your wrists.' CHAPTER XVIII. " Cai.m ? Yes, Owen, I will be calm. But to see my own fabia, whom I have loved and venerated all these years, arrested 011 a charge of a murder, handcuffed to a detective's wrist, and borne away from me ! If they had but let me go with him ! Why would tl'«b not? I would have sat with him all through the weary journey to 'he- land, and have talked to him, and have told him that I would bcliciv. in his innocence to the end. It would have made him happm, pe-haps ; he would have felt less keenly the horror of his position. I or I do believe him innocent ; I will never think him guilty m the ; __ -o q : face of his own denial. It is circumstantial evidence alone that will condemn, the false connivance of others that will bring an innocent man to an ignominious doom. But you seem in doubt, Owen ? not of his innocence? don't tell me that ; don't tell me that 1" And the troubled face was raised to his, but took no hope from it. "I don't know what to think : would to Heaven I did, for your sake," he replied ; " for it seems to me to be as difficult to reconcile myself to believe in his innocence as to believe in his guilt. They are hard words, Grace, and every one is a wound to me ; but I am not speaking of my own heart, or my own opinions and convictions in the matter. God knows I want to think the best of him I can. I am speaking as one of the people, before whom all facts will soon be laid, and it is their voice that will speak the words of life or death to him. The evidence is more than circumstantial, dear ; it is posi tive. alas ! and as such they may consider it, unless " "Unless, oh, Owen, unless — " " Unless he can prove himself to have been somewhere else at the precise hour in which the murder was committed, and that another, who may bear some close resemblance to him — a resemblance that could even cheat myself and Maurice — is the murderer." "Then let them find that man," cried Grace. "Ah, Owen, he must be found, he shall be found, if such a man exists." " It is quite possible," exclaimed Sir Owen, as though some ray of light was breaking in upon the darkness ; "for your father most imperatively denies that Fox Lennox and he had planned a crime together, that they had never met, in point of fact, till yesterday. " " And I believe him," Grace exclaimed ; " if he had been guilty, he would have denounced this man, he would have told us how he got possession of the diamonds which I know to be yours, Owen, and part and parcel of the hidden million." " That we have yet to discover, Grace. I have set a detective to watch the inn. Fox Lennox cannot get away from it without my knowledge. We must wait and be patient; if I had this man arrested on suspicion, and the jewels turned out to be those so treacherously taken from Maurice, his evidence might only tell against your father ; so that it is not to our interest to arrest him yet, we must only watch and wait. It is a fearful mystery, dear ; but if any man can tell the truth of it, that man is certainly Fox Lennox. Your father was with him at the inn to night an hour or so before his own arrest, and he had spoken to him of a chasm which your father denies all knowledge of, whilst Fox Lennox, by his own confession, has told you he was there. But there was nothing to be preferred against him beyond a personal chastisement for the insult he had put upon you." " I thought that you had killed him, Owen, at first. I dread, even now, the look he gave you when he returned to consciousness — a look which took the shape of a surprise, I thought, when he saw my father arrested and that he was still free. I thought he seemed to wonder why he was not taken with him, after all that I had learned, and that he seemed to glory in the thought of his escape." Sir Owen was silent for a moment, pacing up and down in the room at " The Elms," from which he had hastened at the approach of Laurence Selwyn. It had ended just as he had feared. And there sat Grace, her troubled eyes upon him as he moved about, as though she only turned to him in all the world for hope and pity now. What little could he do or say to comfort her in the face of his own belief? He wanted to think Laurence Selwyn innocent, but how could he, when he himself had seen him, as well as Maurice Winterton, and even his valet, who had recognized him in the instant? There was the wound in the arm, too, and the circum stance of his having been in Ireland — in the neighbourhood, in fact — on the very night of the crime. Who would believe in his inno cence? Who could believe in his innocence, in the face of such c inflicting evidence as this ? At last he paused before the trembling figure of Grace an I took her hind, in his, and raised her up to him. "Ah! Owen, no; don't kiss me — never again, never again! Oar lives are changed, and we cm be so little to each other from ti-day. I was to i happy, far too happy ; yet in my happiness I always feared that some event would rise to set Our loves apart, but I never guessed at anything so horrible as this." And she gently broke away from his caress. He had held her to hit heart as she hid spoken, and that embrace should be their last. Her faith was in herself so stron j, that she would live for no end but to prove her father's innocence, < >r, failing that, to go away where Owen would not haunt her by ',is pra-ence ; away from the places sacred to a father's love, and the peace and quiet of a home that once was hers. She wotdd prepare at once to go to Ireland, and if they would not let her see her father, she would take some lodging where she might look upon the prison walls. She could not remain in England ami he so far away. It was her duty to believe in 1 im, let the evidence against him be ever so strong he would refute if, he would < xplain it all away. It was cruel of Owen to doubt him, or to have stood quietly by and have allowed such an indignity to be put upon" him. " Grace, you musn't turn away from me like this ; we were to be man and wife, loving each other as man and wife should. It is only in such moments as the present that our love is tried. This i i a grief in common, and the right is mine to go through with it, to share it with you as a common grief, and I claim that right as mine, dear one, as sacredly and as religiously as though the law had made us man and wife. I pledged my word to you — in this very room, Grace, do you remember, long ago? — and you said that you would be my wife. I hold you to that promise now, through trouble and affliction, and, if needs be, through shame." " Ah, Owen ! y-.u don't know what you ask, or the shame and trouble such a step would bring upon yourself. The world would " " Hush, hush ! " he interposed ; " my world is here, my home is in your heart. No man's opinion shall come between me and the voice of my own conscience. Why do you speak like this, or try to put me from you ? Do you think, my trembling bird," he added, with a smile, " do you think you 're going to win your freedom back on such a poor pretext ? " He held her to his heart before she knew, and softened her re sistance into tears. "God bless you, Owen," she sobbed, hysterically, "God bless you, my own dear, generous love." And she clung to him, her arms about his neck, her head upon his breast. Yet, from her wild and passionate love, and from her hard despair, hers might have been the last embrace of some fond wife, ere her husband went to sure and certain death, it was so little like the meeting of two hearts that neither sorrow, wrong, nor shame could ever separate. It was some little time ere either spoke, they seemed to be listening to men's voices in an adjoining room. What could it mean? Grace fancied there was no one in the house but the servants, and the voices that she heard belonged to none of them. Bat Sir Owen at once guessed this invasion to be in some way connected with Laurence Sely wn's arrest, and that they were, in all probability, detectives searching the house. " Do you hear those voices, Owen? it cannot be that they have brought my father back again ? " Sir Owen approached the door without answering, but it was opened from without, and two men, with very little ceremony, entered the apartment. In the first Sir Owen recognized one of the detectives present at the inn when the a arrest was made, ami the second was a stranger to him. He no longer doubted the object of their visit. " 1 .am very sorry to disturb you, miss," observed the first man, removing his hat politely. " But time's everything with us, and this warrant will excuse the liberty we 're taking for searching the prisoner's premises." Grace shuddered, and sinking on a sofa buried her face in her hands. And the men commenced their search. " Daughter, sir ? " asked the first man, jerking his thumb in the direction of Grace, and speaking in an audible whisper to Sir Owen ; but meeting with no answer he turned away, with a keen sense of the slight and insult put upon him, an insult he determined to resent at once. You re the young gent who made the report to the magistrate at Bushmills, aren't you, about the murder of your friend ? "—for the detective was, of course, in ignorance of Maurice Winterton 's escape from death. " If so be, the odds are that you '11 be wanted in Ire land to give evidence against the prisoner." But Sir Owen, bending over Grace, did not seem to consider the existence of the detective at all, who continued in a louder voice, growing more and more annoyed, keeping one eye on his assistant, who had forced the lock of Grace's writing-desk, and was examining its contents. " '? S'ven us a deal of trouble, and one should meet with a little civility from a society as benefits by the capture of such a scoundrel. My only wonder, sir," he added, blandly, "is how he has managed to steer clear of our hands so long. I might have taken him yes'erday morning at Belfast, if I 'd been only surer of him then ; but I followed him over to England ; and he knew I was fol lowing him, bless you, for he nearly gave me the slip last night at Fleetwood. _ But I traced him to London this morning. I thought he was making for the continent, when he came down here and " He paused, for Sir Owen had raised hi- head, and was regarding him attentively. " Did you say in Fleetwood yesterday, and that you traced him to London this morning?" The detective smiled. This high and mighty chap had condes cended at last, had he ? "Yes, that 's true, and I haven't had a wink of sleep for the last fourty-eight hours." " Do you hear what this man says, Grace ? " " Yes," she answered. " Of whom was he speaking ? " "Of Laurence Selwyn. He declares that he traced him to London this morning." "That is impossible," Grace exclaimed, "for my father slept beneath this roof last night, and arrived here yesterday." " The prisoner, miss ?" exclaimed the detective. "Leastways, the man who is arrested on suspicion ? " he added, a little more kindly, as he glanced at her pale sad face. " Yes, my father." "You 're mistaken ; although it goes against my grain to say it, miss, but you 're mistaken. Me and my mate most certainly followed that man from Belfast to Fleetwood, from Fleetwood to London, and from London down here." "Then you have mistaken your man, sir," exclaimed Sir Owen. Bat the detective only laughed. " This ain't a bit of good," he said ; " it '11 only tell against him in the end. I 've been twenty years in this purfession, sir, and know who's who, and what's what." "I tell, you ihat you are mistaken," continued Sir Owen, abstractedly, for he wanted to understand this mystery himself ; " and if you followed your pursuer down here this morning, he his escaped you, and you have arrested a perfectly innocent man." " I tell you it 's no good," persisted the detective. " I saw his face a dozen times at least, and heaven knows it 's next door to impossible for a fellow to mistake that. . . Nothing here, then, sergeant," he added, turning to his companion, who, having finished his search, now stood in the doorway. ' Good day to you, sir; good day to you, miss. The next floor, sergeant?" " Yes." And as soon as Sir Owen and Grace were left alone the latter rose excitedly, about to speak, when Sir Owen interrupted her. " One word, Grace — never mind these men — one word, for much depends on it. When you were with Fox Lennox at the inn to- night, your father came to my room, and from his earnest looks and honest questioning. I wanted to believe him innocent in the face of my own conviction, in the face of all that happened on that awful night I wanted to believe him innocent ; but the voice of poor Maurice, who had suffered so much, drove back all thoughts of pity or belief. Yet something strange your father said returns to my remembrance now. It was spoken in a half- whisper, and was of some one he might have been mistaken for ; but the light of hope in his eyes vanished quickly as he added ' No — he died in the Crimea !' Now who was it that had borne this strong resemblance to him ?" " lie could not mean my uncle Philip," Grace exclaimed, "he has never mentioned him for years, and " " I never knew he had a brother," Sir Owen interposed. "Oh, yes ; my father and he were twins. He was a soldier, and was killed in the Crimea." " Then, Grace, this man may still be living ! " exclaimed Sir Owen; "and he it must have been who baffled the detectives in their search ; bringing them down here to beg your father's help, or throw himself upon his pity and protection as a refugee." At all events, the detective's statement was something for them to work upon, he thought, for they would be able to prove beyond doubt, — on the evidenceof the servantsat " The Elms, "on the evidence of his own daughter, on the evidence of his own labelled luggage, — that he had returned from Ireland, vid Kingstown and Holyhead, two days ago, and that the arrest had been one of mistaken identity. As to the wound in his arm, and his presence in the neighbourhood of Coleraine on the eventful night at the chasm, he would doubtless be able to disprove any evidence that might be brought against him on that score, and Grace was all the happier for having won the assurance and belief of her lover in her father s innocence. Moreover, there was a second surprise in store for them this night, for the postman on his rounds left a note at "The Elms," addressed to " Laurence Selwyn, Esq.," from a firm of solicitors in Coleraine, and which, upon Sir Owen's advice, Grace opened without delay. It ran thus : — " Dear Sir. — "The purchase-money for the ancient castle of the O'Maille's, now better known as 1 Coleraine Abbey,' having been re ceived from you, you will be pleased to expect the title-deeds, etc., in the course of the week. " We have, as desired, been careful to keep your name, in nego tiating for this property, as private as possible, but cannot conclude without expressing an earnest wish that the bride and bridegroom for whom this handsome gift is intended may enjoy every prosperity and happiness that life can bestow." Grace could read no more. And even Owen remembered the point of her father's words at the inn that night, with some remorse : " I went to Coleraine on business, Owen ; business in which a wish expressed by you some months ago was materially concerned and which, if you only knew, you would hardly turn away from me as you are doing now." It was nearly midnight when Sir Owen left "The Elms," and walkcl down to the Eagle Inn. Q CHAPTER XIX. Fox Lennox did not leave the inn on the night of Selwyn s arrest, but, taking an early supper, repaired to his bed-room, where he turned the key upon, himself, and, lighting a candle upon the dressing-table, looked into the shadows of tSe room. There was plenty of food for reflection awaiting him, much to devise and carry out ere his companion of the'ehasm would be satisfied. "We can talk more safely here, we might have been surprised at any moment in that wretched parlour," he observed. "Yes!" " I have brought a little supper for you, if you're hungry; but we must speak low and " "Hadn't you better put that light out ? " returned his companion, advancing from his place of concealment. " This cursed place is watched," he added, in a hoarse whisper. " I crept to the window just now, and saw a fellow standing behind that large stone in the middle of the gardens, looking in here and waiting." " He didn't see you, I hope," observed Fox Lennox, anxiously. "Do you think I have worked and planned and carried my ends so far But what have you in that battle ?" he added, breaking off. " Whiskey." " Give it me. No, no, Fox Lennox," he continued ; " my brother is on his road to London by this time, and in the very safest of good company, and to-morrow night will see him lodged in Antrim jail." _ " Is your hatred for your brother then so great that you will let him perish for your crime ?" " Say our crime, for if you had no actual hand in it, Fox Lennox, you played the double on me and got the money. That fellow Winterton knows very w 1 11 that you were an accomplice, and were hidden in the chasm ; in fact, your liberty is worth but little more than mine — a little less, perhaps, if Grace Selwyn can work you any harm." " Speak lower. " " She 's a cleverand very beauli ul woman, though beautiful and false, like her mother. " " I shall never forget her," said Fox Lennox quietly, " and I think I love her more for what she 's done to-night. But I am under suspicion, there 's little doubt of that, and I shan't feel safe until I am quit of every stone belonging to that treasure." Then the two men were silent for a moment, for they could hear the landlord's niece clearing away the supper things in the room Fox Lennox had just left, so they waited until she had gone away and they recognized the closing of the door. "Did that fellow seem to be watching this room?" inquired Fox Lennox, glancing in the direction of the window. "Yes, so there is no escape for us to-night." " Ah ! that 's very bad, so far as you are concerned. For myself, it would never do, in the face of what has happened here, to run away ; it would only excite suspicion." " Selfish to the last, Fox Lennox," replied the other. " I can go and hang, or lie a mangled corpse at the hotlom of a chasm, so long as it suits your purpose to be rid of me. But you 're mistaken about my leaving you, for that I '11 never do. The risk we 've run together in the past we '11 share together in the future. You will have to take care of me, Fax Lennox, for the remainder of your life." And the man laughed coolly and carelessly. "Your words are both mad and unreasonable : besides, you'll be heard all over the inn, if you laugh like that ; Don't touch any more of that whiskey ; .you forget where you are, man, and the danger which threatens us." But Philip Selwyn heeded not the warning, as he asked aloud, in a strangely altered voice — " Have you got a portrait of that girl about you ? " "What girl?" "My brother's child," he answued presently, "she is so like her mother, or what her mother was, and has been in my memory all these years. I thought I looked on her to-night — it was only for a moment — and if you knew the black thoughts in my heait when you threatened her with shame or death you would have feared me, feared me, on my soul, Fox Lennox, for that moment was very near your last. It was only the knowledge of self-danger that held me back, fur I knew that had I protected her I should have forfeited my freedom and my life. Poor child, her cry went through me in a voice that bore some echo of the past. It seemed to me as though the years that rolled between that time and now were never bridged, and that she stood before me as of oil ; renewing my tale of anguish, grief, and wrong, so long gone by, to creep back again with busy thought to-night. It was all that was honest in me, all that was good, and I thank God, in my guilt and wretchedness, not making professions or craving for pardon ; I have sunk too low for either, but I thank God that I never breathed a breath of harm to her." Fox Lennox looked about him anxiously. It was his companion's weakness to talk like this when he got the drink in him, but it gene rally foreshadowed some e vil resolution, and he rather feared him at such times than otherwise. " Forget it, Selwyn ; that past is dead, it 's no good looking back upon it now. Will you go abroad ? " " No ; I tell you I will stay with you ! " "You forget the murder you committed on the Ballycasllc Road ; you forget you are an escaped convict ; that " "Oh, no, I don't; my brother will suffer for those crimes, as I have suffered by his actions all my life. An eye for an eye, misery for misery, and some day, when this horrible miscarriage of justice is discovered, when they find how I have cheated the hangman— for they shall know it, Fox Lennox— I will confess it; it will help to lift the stigma of an endless shame from the life of the only child she bore him." " Such heroics are absurd ; if you 're going to confess, you hod better do it now, rather than let another suffer for your crime. What will be the good of confession or repentance then? — the evil will never be undone. Belter tread yourself the path to the scaffold than ' "The scaffold!" Philip Selwyn interposed, with a sad smile. "That will never be my fate. If I were arrested to-morrow, and tried and condemned, and sentenced to death, if my last hour had come and I were pinioned in my cell, I would defeat the hangman — I would fall dead at his feet. He should never lead me to the scaffold ! " lie rose as he spoke and paced the room excitedly, despite the symptoms of alarm exhibited by his compani' n. who was really beginning to look upon the fellow as insane. "What do you mean ? Are you mad ? Dj you really wish to alarm the house and have us both arrested ? " " I am speaking calmly, and I mean what I have said. It's my last resource ; a desperate expedient that cannot fail me in the end. And if that end should ever threaten me, you will understand the meaning of the words I've said to-night." Still pacing up and down the room, though taking every care that his shadow should not fall upon the blind, he once more approached the window stealthily. " You had bettei put that light out now ; to burn the midnight oil in such a place will only excite suspicion," he observed. " Besides, I want to see if that fellow still remains there watching? What can be his motive ?" he added anxiously ; " having arrested their man, it can't be me they want — but you, Fox Lennox." "Very likely," responded his listener, extinguishing the light. — Q " But that mustn't endanger me. You understand, Fox Lennox, that mustn't endanger me. You are the only living being in posses sion of the truth about myself : the world will think that Laurence Selwyn was the guilty man, and if you should be taken, you must swear that he, not I, was your accomplice in the chasm." Fox Lennox hesitated. " But if, in after years, you should confess, as you have vowed to do?" he said. "Then you were mistaken by bur likeness — as better men than you have been — that 'sail." And he advanced towards the window. " What are you going to do ? " exclaimed Fox Lennox anxiously, for his companion h id drawn up the blind and was unfastening the w indow. "This place is suffocating me, I want some air." Spoken in a voice that Would brook no contradiction, in a voice that;made Fox. Lennox fear this move of his but some pretext for other purposes. He remembered, too, that he was armed with a revolver, otherwise the advantage would have been well upon his side being far the stronger man. But now he had opened the window, and the cool air of night was wafted in the room. " He 's there still," Selwyn observed, "and the moon is full upon his face. No, no ! not his ; it's the face of Sir Owen O'Maille. But he 's, not looking this way, he is talking to someone behind the rock ; I can see his head and shoulders in the shadow of that stone eagle. . . . He is looking towards this window now, "he added, drawing back. " Who is this Sir Owen O'Maille? and what is he doing here ? " ".He is engaged to Grace Selwyn." ".Engaged to her?" ",Yes ; lie . fancied that it was her father who made the attempt upon his cousin's life. Even I was deceived in your resemblance, for when I came face to face with Laurence Selwyn, I most certainly mistook him for you. He had a wounded arm, too, and I saw your arm' was wounded when — — " he paused, but his companion sup plied the rest of the sentence : " When you pushed me down the chasm — 'exactly. But surely this Sir fchven O'Maille has broken off with Grace now that he believes her father to be guilty ? " " No ; from what I can make out the knowledge has but endeared him| to her. She said as much to-day, and he proved as much when he struck me ; he is a strong man, and even science stood no chance against him." "!Yes, a strong man," repeated Selwyn, slowly, "to be true and constant to her through a shame like that." And he returned to the window to look cn him again, but as quickly turned back into the room, and laid his hand upon the arm of Fox Lennox. " I must escape from this place, I must get right away from it at once, or my conscience will get the upper hand of me. I don't suppose it 's with the young as with the old ; it isn't likely it should be, with youth and ;hope before them. But when the better part of a man's life is spent, and he 's got nothing but doubt and pain, when his mind is dark and there is only one future before him — a future that 's un known and feared — then he grows, somehow, as if he didn't seem to care. That 's how it is with me to-night ; and if it wasn't that I dread the punishmentt hat waits me I would confess all, from the first jfatal step into which drink and despair drove me until that awful day when I was starving, and followed that man from house to house, from farm to farm, growing richer as he went, and I, un daunted even by the storm, shot him down at my feet and robbed him. I look back upon that now and shudder ; it seems so hard to realize that it was any acted portion of my life. I try to put it from me fis a thing impossible, and I believe that I am innocent some- timejs, through my own efforts to forget that I am guilty." " .Speak lower, man, speak lower, and you hurt my arm." But Philip Selwyn continued hurriedly, as though no one had spoken : " Can you believe me when I tell you this, and think with me that we are born to sin, that the spirit of hell is more or less withj every man, but that so few are tempted ? " Fpx Lennox was silent, and his companion hurried on. "When it was given out that I had perished in the Crimea, I never undeceived my friends, but took a passage to Australia. There I came across an old schoolfellow of mine, who was a surgeon dentist, and with whom I lived for many months, until I grew a burden to him, because I earned so little, and he had a wife and family to keep. But he was very good to me, and never told me to go ; it was I who felt myself a tax upon his generosity, and went. I returned to Europe under another name, for something kept urging me to go nearer and nearer to the happiness I had lost ; but I had no money. I coultf only get an odd job here and there. So years went by, to find tne sinking lower and lower every month, until the news came to me that she was dead. It was then I think I felt my loss more bitterly than ever, for I idly argued this had never happened had she Ijeen my wife. It was then I fell into the lowest grades of crime, putting aside the evil of to-morrow, living only for to-day." Arid a silence fell upon the men for upwards of an hour. Each seemed to be tracing out his future way, until Selwyn spoke again. " Qncel went to see a fellow hanged for murder done — it haunted me for days. saw him supported to the scaffold, I saw him look uponjhis own coffin, and the quicklime by his open grave ; I went awayj and tried tc think how a fellow could escape a death like that if it .confronted him. I thought and thought, and planned and planned, Fox Lennox, until an idea came to me. I had arrived at many, but nothing such as this. All others would have surely been detected, but this could never be." " What was it?" asked Fox Lennox hoarsely. " I cannot tell you. I may yet have need ol it ! " I low soon he little dreamed. "l you say that you think it is I whoam watched ; if that be so, it will bi death to you and to your plans of vengeance to be taken with me." " Perhips you are right," responded Selwyn readily ; " I have been thinking over what I said about not leaving you I was in the wrong, 't is better that we should part. What money have you?" " About two hundred pounds and the rest of those jewels." " Is that all ? " " The remainder I have to collect from the different places where I lefithe diamonds on sale," he answered candidly " Then you can afford to g.ve me this two hundred pounds ? " " |Yes ; and the remainder of the diamonds " " I don't want them.; they are not the safest things to travel with : you nriy have thought of this when making your generous offer?" ' ' p pon my " " Oh, don t ; but listen to my plans." " jVhat are they?" asked Fox Lennox, grinding his teeth at this man ts coolness and urbanity. " " I shall leave the inn at daybreak." " ilow can you hope to do that with these fellows guarding the place ? " But Selwyn evaded the question. " Where is that money, the two hundred pounds, you spoke of?" " Here." "In notes?' " Some of it, the rest in gold ! ' " That 's all right. My eyesight is growing dim, or I would count them, but I take you at your word. Besides, there's enough to keep me as long as I shall want to live. Now," he added, " I '11 borrow a coat from you in place of the one I wear." "But " "J — — "Yes, you want to know how I am going to get away? Well, you shall help me. You— as it is you who are watched — shall lead these men away from the place before any one is stirring, and when they are fully interested in your movements I will look after mine. I only want you to give me sufficient time to get away; when, having smoked your early cigar, you can return, and little or no suspicion will be aroused thereby; on the contrary, they will have more reason to believe in you, being disappointed over a chase. You under stand ? " And he sank upon the bed as calmly and as coolly as though he had no trouble on his mind, so perfectly assured was he that fear would keep his comrade wide awake. But sleep closed not the eyes of either men, and it was a little after four — when day commenced to dawn — that Philip Selwyn rose from the bed, and, after a hasty wash, and an exchange of coats, stood ready for his departure. It was then arranged that Fox Lennox should quietly reconnoitre, fur the man had evidently abandoned his watching, no trace of him being seen from the window of the bed-room ; but inthis they were mistaken, for he had entered the inn by a side door with Sir Owen, and had renewed his vigilance from one of the windows overhead, which happily commanded a good view of Fox Lennox's only means of leaving the inn, and was also within easy call of. Sir Owen, who, having given up his bed that night to Maurice Winterton, had thrown himself on a couch in an adjoining room to get a few hours rest. Therefore, when Fox Lennox unlocked his bed -room door, and entering his sitting-room passed through the windows into the grounds, his departur , was at once observed by the man above, who hastily aroused Sir Owen, and watched with him the movements of the-Captain. Only for a moment Sir Owen seemed at a loss how to act, for ere Fox Lennox had disappeared from sight the detective had stealthily left the inn as he had entered it, and was following on his track. It was almost daylight now, and Sir Owen watched the men until they disappeared, Fox Lennox never once seeming to turn round to see if he were followed. Certainly five o'clock in the morning was an unusual time for a man like him to be about, Sir Owen thought ; for, if he meant escaping from the place, he must certainly have left most of his things behind him. He, too, would leave the inn and follow along the road, for Fox Lennox having gone in the direction of " T' e Elms," Sir Owen thought he might have had some object for s_ doing, and that object he would endeavour to dis over. Br . he had hardly crossed the grounds when he was startled by a cry fo'„ help. Pie stood spellbound, for the voice was most familiar to him, and he recognised it on the instant. Was he awake ? was this reality ? Ah, yes, again his name was cried aloud, and it was the voice of Grace Selwyn that called him. CHAPTER XX. For many hours after Sir Owen had left Grace Selwyn at "The Elms " she had no thought of rest. She felt that she could win no sleep, however she might court it. Her heart was all anxiety to prove her father's innocence, for there would be no difficulty in establishing it, she thought, in the face of all that they had learned this night. How bitterly she reproached herself for the cruel, unjust suspicion she had nursed, though even for a moment, against her father's innocence. She knew how her estrangement had pained him — the fears and doubts which she expressed intuitively ; and, remembering this, she wondered if his heart would ever warm to her again. Ah, yes ! he would forgive when she told him how she had been miserably led by others into doubting him ; and when he returned a free man, when this awful shadow of a crime was removed from his name, when the guilty man — but there she paused. Who was the guilty man? How was he to be found? For she felt that mistrust and dark suspicion would always cling around her father's name until the real criminal were brought to justice. 'Twas thus she sat, and thought, and doubted, until entreated by her maid to snatch a few hours' sleep, that she would be all the stronger for her journey to Ireland on the morrow, it being arranged that she should leave for London with Sir Owen about noon and travel to Antrim Gaol ; so, thus persuaded, she retired to rest, and in a little while, being quite worn out, she fell asleep. The day had dawned, and the morning light was streaming into her room when she awoke. A clock on the stairs had just given out the half-hour, and she thought it must be later than it was, until she consulted her watch, and found it was only half-past four. But she could rest no longer ; she would dress herself, and go out for a walk ; the cool air would refresh her : it was a little earlier than her custom, but what mattered it? The villagers would not be yet abroad to stare at her, and point, and whisper of the shame that had befallen her, for she felt that everyone in the village would have heard of the charge on which her father was arrested on the previous night. And if her footsteps bore her in the direction of the inn there would be little harm in that. It would satisfy her, in a measure, that all was quiet and safe within ; so thus resolved she no longer hesi tated, but as she passed down the broad old-fashioned staircase, which led into the hall, she was greetedbyalargeboarhcuad,hc r only companion as a rule upon her early wanderings. But this morning she felt no inclination to humour the dog's desire to accompany her, so ordered him, with a wave of her arm, to the rear of the hall, but the dog refusing to comply, set up a loud deep bark, and set his face so steadfastly towards the door, that she had no alternative but to submit ; an arrangement which provoked another bark from the boarhound as he preceded her down the steps, and passed out at the carriage gate with her into the road. She saw no one about, every thing seemed at rest, at peace, until she suddenly caught sight of the boarhound some fifty yards ahead, standing in the roadway, as the only living thing, wagging his tail, and waiting her coming patiently. But as she turned down a lane, by which she could avoid a good deal of the winding road, and which she knew to be the nearer way to the inn, she forgot all about the dog until he suddenly returned to her and followed close at her heels. She had just arrived on the road again, and the Eagle Inn would stand in view when she reached the bend to the left. Sir Owen might be abroad, like her, and would see her perhaps ; and she thought of the sketch she had taken with him in the pasture field s > recently — but who was this hurrying round the bend of the road towards her, and in whom she recognized a pale blurred semblance of her father ? Only an instant and the truth flashed on her — so like he seemed, yet so unlike — and she no longer doubted, but stood directly, bravely, in the path of Philip Selwyn. With a hasty, nervous glance, in which some recognition trembled, he moved aside to pass her, but she laid her hand upon his arm to stay his purpose. " What's the matter? What do you want with me?" he asked. But her face was pale, and her lips were set as though bereft of speech. " Who are you? Will you let me go?" he cried, still offering no resistance. " I am— Grace Selwyn — Laurence Selwyn's daughter — you are his brother— Philip," " Let me go ! Let me go 1" And he struggled to be free. " I le i; suffering for your crime. He " "Let me go !" he cried, eyeing with fear the boarhound which was growling at her side. "No!" she answered firmly, an! called aloud for help. But as he struck her from him, the boarhound sprang at him and set his teeth in him, and gnawed and worried him, until he fell in a vain attempt to strangle the dog, and they rolled in the road together. It was a horrible sight. His face and hands were torn and bleeding, but Grace could do nothing but call for help, whilst the dog grew madder and foamed at the mouth, bting set to his work like a tigress. Would no one ever come ? Could no one hear her cries ? At last, with a yell of triumph, Philip Selwyn secured his revolver and fired upon the dog, again, and then again, until — fur he saw not this— he was pinned from behind by Sir Owen O'Maille, and the dog lay dead at his feet CHAPTER- XXI. When Philip Selwyn, more dead than alive, was borne back to the Eagle Inn, and a surgeon arrived with the police to attend to his wounds, it was pronounced that none were very serious— that he was, in fact, more shaken and exhausted, and that a little careful nursing would pull him safely tluough. In the meantime, the police were not unoccupied, for they had found in the luggage of Fox Lennox proof in abundance that the wallet of stolen jewels had been secured by him, a fact which, coupled with the testimony of Maurice Winterton, would certainly convict liiui as an accomplice and accessory in the attempt upon his life. It was astonishing how quickly the news of this fresh arrest flashed all around the neighbourhood, for before noon a crowd of people had assembled at the inn, and before noon, also, a telegram reached Sir Owen from the detective he had employed to follow Fox Lennox, to the t fleet that it had evidently been the Captain's intention to return to the Eagle Inn, until he was warned from it by the cries of a woman and the discharge of firearms. He was now in a little inn on the St. Leonards road, where he had remained for upwards of an hour, and he — the detective — only awaited Sir Owen's instructions to arrest him ; instructions which, it were needless to add, were borne by the police to that little inn in question, and before the day was over, Philip Selwyn and Fox Lennox were taken up to London, where the former, by certain marks in the possession of the police, independent of his own strong individuality, was idemified as an escaped convict, a fact which secured for Laurence Selwyn a release from gaol, having obtained, to quote some local literate, " a full and gracious pardon." But there is one more incident, strangest of all perhaps, which closes this eventful story. Philip Selwyn had been sentenced to death on the only charge prc- feired against him, the murder of the young landowner on the Bally- castle Road ; and, drawing a veil over the meeting of the brothers — for Laurence Selwyn had gone tc see his brother in the end — we arrive at the eve of his execution. In the same prison, though within another cell, Fox Lennox had heard that day his verdict — seven years of convict life ; and as he thought of all the past, and knew that in a few hours Philip Selwyn would be launched into eternity, he remembered a confession he had made, with such a fate before him. Would he go through with it, or would he lack the moral courage . in the end ? Fox Lennox wondered and wondered, and he had no sleep that niSht I le would ask his warder in the morning if the penalty of the law had been carried out ; and so he waited till the morning dawned, but there was no bell tolling at the hour appointed for Philip Stlwyn's execution, for he had been found dead in his cell, with the wai der awake beside him. Later on, when a post-mortem examination had been held upon the body, when the cause ot his death was discovered, and suspicion was beginning to fa'l upon the warder in charge for the administration. of poison to the deceased, Fox Lennox expressed a wish to make a statement to the governor of the prison. And, being heard, it was to this effect : Profiting by a slight knowledge of dentistry, acquired by Philip Selwyn when abroad, he had hollowed a false tooth from its roots, in which he placed a strongly-coated ball containing aconite, the tooth being so perfectly finished that he could remove it with his tongue ; and the fact of its being false could not have occurred to the searching officer when deceased was admitted to the prison. This was what Fox Lennox had to say. Nor had the authorities any reason to doubt his strange assertion, for subsequent discovery confirmed it ; and the common hangman, though a perfect hero in his way, was often heard to tell the stoiy of how he had been cheated of a victim. But it was only a nine days' wonder after all, and the incident was soon forgotten. L'ENVOI. On the outskirts of the west of Coleraine fin ancient abbey rises- - the ahbey from which, long years agone, a Jesuit priest — one Marcus Veritri— set out upon his journey to the south, bearing the heirlooms of " The O'Maille " to aid the Jacobite rebellion — heirlooms which have found their way so strangely back to their rightful owner now. The world has heard the story, but never knows how nearly Laurence Selwyn suffered for another's crime. He is sitting by the heirth of the great hall in the old abbey, thinking of his brother's doom, and taking much of the blame of that brother's wayward life upon himself. " I never knew he loved her; I had no thought of it," he mur murs, " She never said ." And so he sits and dreams about the past — of Fox Lennox too, sometimes, who has served his sentence, but whether an altered or a better man is only known to the wife he has chosen in South Africa. They never hear of him at the old abbey — the abbey which poor Selwyn went to purchase when his vi.-it to Old Erin was so cruelly misassigned. Here, too, is Maurice Winterton, looking with a quiet content upon the figure of a youthful wife and mother, who is knitting in the twilight silently. But Sir Owen has entered nov, carrying a curly-haired, bright- eyed, fair-faced boy upon his shoulders, upon which the silent figure rises and puts aside her knitting, and stretches out her arms to catch her little child. " See mam-ma, what dad-da bought me." "What a pretty book!" exclaims the youthful mother, as she resumes her seat and takes the child upon her lap. " Isn't it, niam-ma ? And Uncle Maurice wrote it, dad-da says, and it's all Hue THE — the — ," and the child commenced to spell each word upon the title-page. " IIID-hid — DEN- den Hidden — MILLION — Minnion ! There, mam-ma, isn't Ikle Owen kevver, ' De Hidden Minnion ! " the end. ( CAUTION. — "The Hidden Miluon " — The right of dramatization has been fully secured t'y the author. A play, containing all the situations, the dialogue, and the sensational effects has been publicly performed, as required by law, and it and the title registered and fully protected. All rights of translation reserved. ... . -r — c 