NEWS BY THE ENGLISH MAIL. OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, July 27, 1883. Sir Wm. Morgan reached London last Sunday night. He had come from Marseilles direct, after having been cooped up there for ten days in quarantine. The Messageries Maritime steamer by which he had come had cf course passed through the canal, and although there was co suspicion of cholera at the time along the banks of the canal jtt the French authorities insisted on strict quarantine. The circumstances of Sir Wil liam's delay were specially sad, for whilst ho was thus in durance vile a telegram was put into his hand announcing the death of his daughter in Adelaide. Personally Sir Wil liam looks well, though very much depressed in consequence of his domestic news. X understand he has already returned to Paris to attend to argent private business con nected with New Caledonia. Sir Arthur lilj th took Sir William round to Lord Derby's offices and introduced him. He will thus obtain introductory letters of value toFrench authorities and to Lord Ljons's locum Unens in the Fm.cn capital. As far as England is concerned Sir William has come at an un fortunate time. In August and September London is simply empty. .Everybody who is not behind a counter or at a clerk's desk gtts away to the country or to the ooati nent, and business men cannot be found. It is a great pity that Australians do not bear Snglish habits in miitd when arranging their home trips. Of course, owing to the absence of the court from town in August* September, and October, Sir William is not likely to have the honor of a presentation. Mr. E. T. Smith came at a better season, and wm therefore more ludiy. Mr. G. C. Hawker, M.A., has gone to Scotland for August and September. He means to be back in Adelaide at any xate in time for the next general elections, and is much interested to know who will aoeceed him in Victoria. The odds are reckoned ia Mr. y?ji*ivff*? fr*"**1. Messrs. Ban Smith, Jan., and T. O'HsHo* tan Giles are enjoying a trip in Gorman/, avoiding, let us hope, the fatal attraction of the Lorelei, and not opening their can too widely to the ghost atones of the castles on i the?hine. Sir Ai^hm- Gordon has brought horns a mass of papers relating to Fiji, and is pre psi ing a book on the colons—*t least, so it is rumored. The various Agents-General are much interested to know who will be appointed to join their ranks on behalf of Tasmania. A Tmus telegram from Hobart ssuntions the intention. Until recently Tasmanian *&"** weie managed solely by a private corpora ticn ; recently Mr. Giblin and bis col leagues sent home a lecturer whose authority was undefined, and rl—art with that exercised by the corporation. If the Government fytn^ a sturdy w|mi t*y? A£r? , Moore, for instant*, a satisfactory settlement ' of present disputes may be expected, and not 1 a day too toon. ; Recently the Time* mentioned the name of Mr. A. H. Davis as having passed the exand naticn in civil law prescribed for students for the bar. Mr. Davis is a grandson of the late a>?^"- H?firin? n?ri? t of the Beedbeds, whom old colonists will remember. The favorite old Elder liner, the Collin grove, has narrowly escaped a ttagie ending. Ten days ago when aha was lying at Gravesend ready to be towed out into the ?*"mJ . on the way to Adelaide one of the bands noticed, about C p.m., a alight smoke issuing from ths main hols. The alarm was at once given, and very soon *ix tugs were in attendance and had begun operation* with their powerful hoses. By this time the smoke had greatly increased, and it was feared that the wnol e cargo must be ignttrd, as the ssnoke began to issue from both stem and forcasUe, For two hours the water was plied, and the fire was then evidently got under. The vessa' was forthwith towed back to the docks, and the ?*\\*r mMne of her cargo was bason. Ahaost the whole was found to be saturated with water, and the damage ia variously estimated at from £15,000 to £25,000. The cause of tne fire is a mystery. The ?dy reliable suggestion, as far as I^an lean, is that some flock in which a piano-stool was packed ignited by spontaneous coasbustfon. The fire will delay the ship for four or five weeks. The loss is covered by insurance. Tne passengers were—First class, Bey. Peter A. Jorgensen and Mr. E. O'Brien; second class. Mines Marsh, L. E. Brittaia,K. Brit tain, P. Dixo?. and E. Mot*, Me and Mrs. Taylor, and four children. This list ia much innalVr" than the passenger - list used to be in the old days when Captain Angel made the CoUmgrora a favorite, but it would have been bugs enough, in truth if the fire bad broken out a week's sail from the docks iwtgafl of at Gravesend. The two saloon passengers will be sent on by the Green liner Baroasa, One of the broadest smiles that I have managed for some time arose silently when not long ago I read in the Adnrliter that Sir Henry Parkes bad proposed in the Sydney Assembly to send to the O,ueen a resolution of the House disclaiming sympathy with the rebel course which Mr. Bedmona was then advo cating in Australia as a panacea for Ireland. How such a resolution, bad it been sent, would have astonished the Colonial Office ia London! Believe me, if I had not seen the Australian papers, I should never have known that Mr. Bedmonu had gone en a Land League mission to you. I read all the London dalics and weeklies, but I neversaw any mention either of Mr. Bed menu's departure from Wngland or of bis pranks in Australia. Beater was quitexilent, and if any news of the matter came at all it must have been confined to Irish papers, which nobody in London reads, or to provincial ones which nobody studies-very closely. Mr. Bedmond is really not missed from London, and his proceedings are evidently regarded with the most abwlata indifference by Londoners; otherwise we should have had something in the papers. But my main object in calling attention to jour youthful Irish agitator was to report the result of the Wexford election oa July 17. The candidates were Mr. W. fl. X, Bedmond (who is, I believe, a brother of Mr. J. £. Bedmond) and The O'Conor Don, the former being a Parnellite and the latter a LibeiaL The result was—Bedmond 307 votes. and The O'Conor Don 126; majority for Bedmond, ISL The following report of the proceedings is from the Daily JTew*. Be it noted that Messrs. Healy and Sexton, HPj, are prominent Home Balers sod bosom friends of Mr. Bedmond when be is not ?v an Australian platform. The report says :— ?' Immediately after the close of the poll. The O'Conor Don with his solicitor came down ,he main street, escorted by a body of police men under the command of Mr. Kennedy, resident magistrate. Stones and rotten eggs were thrown at him, and he was struck on the back of the neck. The crowd became very threatening opposite theTholsel, and as the stone-throwing continued the police charged, first with batons and then with bayonets. The crowd resisted and attempted to take the guns from the police. Many of the policewwe e injured, and a large number of people re ceived bayonet wounds. Mr. Sexton, M.P., and Mr. Healy, M.P., rushed iv among the people, and advised them to leave the police alone, to avoid bloodshed. Ultimately the two members undertook to keep the peace, and the polios were withdrawn. There was no further rioting, but after the decla ration of the poll, and when The O'Conor Don and bis conducting agent were leaving the TholecL the mob again attacked them, and it required all the exertions of Mr. Sexton and Mr Healy. and a number of Roman Catholic clergymen to save them. The ran and ewajidtoaplace of safety. Masm. Heuj and Sexton at night addressed a crowd ol several thousand persons. Mr. Healy said the bubble bad bunt. The combination, of Whigs and Tories which was to destroy for ever the army of Irish natiooalUy had disappeared before the enlhusAttai of. tea pfCptai "like enow in a (rammer sun. It is baxd to -t"?^ patiently of thu ***~TVmfr attempt of this political intruder. Miserable as he was with his 136 scarecrows, he would not have had a dozen of these votes but for heavy and shameful bribes. It waa under consideration whether a prosecution 'would not be instituted. They had buried Wiggery, they had put a lamintain over its rotten carcas*, and that Bight they would give it a decent wake. Re ferring to the riot, be said he never believed fee would ccc the ground of their streets red dened again with the blood of the men of Wexford. The police acted like savages, aui charged an inoffensive crowd, but there would be redress by those who were the masters of the police. The police sprang on the people like panthers. He got his own clothes destroyed by the infuriated mob and the preservers of the peace, and his skull would have been smashed but that he was identified by a police sergeant. Mr. Sexton, M.P., said Wexford had struck a blow at the vile foreign role. He also strongly denounced the action of the police. There were in all about thirty policemen injured during the riot, of whom a dosea were seriously wounded. The stones cot through the helmets in some cases. Several constables were isolated from the main force, and were knocked down and daceed upon. The number of rioters injured is tot known, but there were several serious bayonet wounds inflicted, the most serious being that of a man who is reported to have been slabbed through the lungs. The shops were desedassoon as the rioting commenced. She mobwaa very much exasperated by the al leged hastymannerin which the police charged with the bayonet, but there was seriouaatone throwing from a lane-way, np which the police charged, and in one- case the Son -and bayonet-were taken from a con \- stable by one of the rioters. At night crowds of young men paraded the streets singing God save Ireland, and cheering for ParoelL Largebodieaof police paraded the streets, but they did not interfere, and there were no further disturbances." If this re port ahonld meet they eye of your Mr, Red mond he will probably ignore it. If he think fit to answer it, I hope he wOl explain away Mr. Sexton's " Vile foreign rule" whilst he is atihe matter; it will be a trifle to Mr. Red mond, no doubt. Remember, Australian*! for what purpose your are giving your ?nosey ! There is no mistake in the matter. Oar Adelaide P. and O. mails of Jane 7 turned up a week after date, having come round to Plymouth by the Ganges instead of having been landed at Brindisi. -I hear that ?our incoming mail will be landed at Brindisi, as the Italians are being brought to their senses by the absence of the big steamers ; but the rumor is uncertain. Nobody really stems to know. The cholera scare has sent ? the foreigners along the Mediterranean com pletely off their heads. As to the Sum Canal I may note that until two days ago not a sign of cholera had been found atSuez or Port Said, so that the route through the canal was perfectly free froai danger of infection. Ismailia is several miles to the west of the route taken by eteanen across the Bitter. lake, so that, how ever bad the cholera might be at !*? i—?tw?^ the steamers going'through the esmal would not ran any risk. The day before yesterday a conple of cases of cholera were reported from Suez, at the Australian end '?f the canal, -and -caution -wt? now be necessary.' The town of Suez is, however. -a considerable distance from the line of rente taken by the steamers entering the canal, and the danger in any case would be ?fight. At Port Said, on the contrary, the European -quarter is dose to the line of traffic ? but, happily, no cases have occurred there. Agent the canal the Pake of M awihfster hag ecmexratatan advocate of "strikes." It is to be hoped he did sot pick np such anti dotal tendencies in Anatxalia. His Graoe gnggesta that Britiih shipowners ahonld oom btne and refuse to use the canal for outward bound vessels. He estimates that such a step would reduce the total net annual profits of 4teDe£**'a<Kp? Company by Su^XlOvOOOiraacf. Aa the total net profit is only SOfiOOfiOO francs a year, such ?step would,the Doke ttttievea, bring De Leaasps to his knees. If the proposal lad not been made by a duke vemaaat lie tempted to^eaU it-well, never ariad \- Tb? little game of the spider and the ?y if bang ivs^naeted, witfc Sir Arthur Blytk far the spider and the British "doaitrtie lermat? tor the fly.- All the Attrtnlfam Agc-an .General, in fact, are orisiag with -each ?taer to get hold of tbedeatnd "female domestics." Sir Arthur ?neeeeda pretty weD, and has a?nt 140 single females by the Hesperus, whilst he has 91 ?ready for the Aldergrove next month. There ia one plan which ***" ?*?i<ww?i authorities aright recommend to their Agents-General. LetalltbedigiMesingle applicantsbe together assembled, and let the Australasian Agents- General enter in * body and woo the axklecfaarmers! If said fickle charmers did not to aaaan—l mean to a woman—rush for .handsome Sir Artfanr and fill ***? next ship to overflowing, then lam no judge! Sir Dillon Bell, of New Zealand, ii the csily Agent-General who would stand a chance against Sir Arthur. What ia the use of giving the British single woman dry jawitrtlrtTT and maps i I?et her know **"?* Sir Arthur ia a specimen Sooth Austnli&n; . xtnd ***^ .will i*!*.!!!1!*1 for his colony 1 If your authorities lack poetical insight ?ctotbemi?dof woman your citizens at any rate are net co wanting. Mr. Douglas B. fikvdeiA book of poems, "Australian Lyrics," has got beyond Melbourne, and in the ?rapAteof Jary2l is thus kindly noticed :— "A true note of song is sonnded from the antipodes in these lyrics. Moat of the poems have already appeared in pant. Any news paper editor is Incky who gets each contributions. The best piece in the volume is the 'Squire 1* Brother, 3 *> tale ?f true love, told in ringing Measure. Bat there is much more that will the lover of genuine poetry. Altogether Mr. Sladen'a mote is worthy *f being cultivated." If I remember aright the Atiftu cnt np these poems; but" a prophet hath no honor," &c;, and the Graphic is bo foolishcritic What has become of your J. CF. Jobntob's muse I wonder? Has he climed so^kigh up Parnassus that there's no coming down again Tea haven't much antiquity in Australasia —unless ifs in the cat of your dothes. However, a writer in Notes and Queries ffrimr. sour Hew Zealand neighbors have a memento of Captain Cook, and he "wants to know ?you know." Thus :—" Can any of your anti podean readen confirm or contradict the story which is told in the 'Liife of James Montgomery, the Poetf(iii. 218), that in the present century a Wesleyan missionary in New r—tanri found a rock upon which Capt, Cook bad cnt bis name and the date of his voyage to Oat then unknown land? lithe etory be trite, is the inscription still known, and is it protected ac it deserves to be—A YcrksaJresaan." The document which the colonial Agents tienenl undertook to present to the Govern ment on Hew Cornea has just gone in. You may expect to hear more of it after the reseat. We have had telegrams about your big meetings and your fear of the Governor ?f Hew Caledonia's designs on the New Hebrides. That fear is needless, at both France and England are bound under the treaty of IS7B sot to annex those island?. Tour agitation is wise, and wffl unquestionably be rewarded by ultimate success. Mr. A. Mills wrote recently to the Timtt, rather running down the colonies, and ridiculing their wishes. Mr. Murray Smith, of Victoria, replied, but all too tenderly. He laid his castigating rod on Mr. M£Us*s back as gently as a nurse does the puff-ball on the soft cheek of infancy. Mr. Murray Smith has no more fire than the andenta hsd before the blessed theft of Pro methean. His letter, however, in the Times cf July 1 points oat that Australians have outgrown the.age at which they could be poKteJy told by a Home Government that they do not known what is good for them. Is the House of Commons on Jury 6, ia answer to Sir G. CampteTd, Mr. AsUey said the Colonial Oflke Bad not'weened <faa Qaeeutaod Executive Minute of March ISt and the only information a? to "by w?ose authority orders w*re issued on that day -for taking possession of He* Guinea in Her Majesty's name," -was contained j in the papers, which stated that it was done on the authority of the Executive Minute. That meant a minute passed at the meeting of the Executive Council, at which ordinarily the Governor of Queensland pre sided. The hen. member asked his opinion whether he would infer from the dispatch of of Sir A. Kennedy that this action was taken by the Minister, and not by the Governor. Hie had looked at the dispatch again, and he was not prepared to draw that inference. It was perfectly true that Sir A. Kennedy was very ill at the time of his departure, but there was no reason to believe that he was so ill as not to be able to transact business. Sir G. Campbell asked whether, in justice to the memory of such an honorable and independent man as Sir A. Ken nedy, the hon. gentleman would enquire whether, as a matter of fact, he was present at the meeting of the Executive Council on the 15th of March, whether Sir A. Kennedy was a party to the issuing of the order for the annexation of New Guinea on thi 15th of March, and scrupulously kept back all information from Her Majesty's Gaven> ment for more than a month afterwards. Mr. Ashley—We will enquire. The United Statesretums for the year end ing Jnne 30 show the following results:— The immigration has been 559,1U persons, as against 7&>,992 in the same period of lSa-2, a diminution of IS9.S7S perron?. The figures arc:—From Germany, 101,613 ; England and Wales, 79,552; Canada, 64,971; Ireland, 63,720; Sweden, &.59G ; Italy, 31,715; Norway, 21,8*9; Scotland, 19,612. In Scotland alone is there a slight increase , for ISS2 3. During the first fortnight in the present financial year (July 1-14) the influx has been proportionately greater than last year. In furtherance of a "policy long supported the council of the Royal Colonal Institute has issued a circular to universities and the principals of schools, announcing that it will give prices of £20, £15, £10, and £5, for the four best essays on "The Australasian Colo nies; their history and present position, geo graphical, political, and commercial." The £20 prize is open to University atadeots Of less than three years' standing; the other prizes are for any school In the United Kingdom. Competition is open to both sexes. The length of the paper is to be from thirty to fifty pages of post-quarto, with twenty lines hotibepage. This is a most metal more. The plans for the new Royal Colonial In stitute look very promising. The building is to be in Northumberland Avenne, about three minutes'walk from Trafalgar-square, and four minutes from Charing Cross— a moat central and advantageous site, for which an annual ground rent of £1,000 will have to be paid. The structure is to cost £15,000. Towards this the Council have £6,500 in hand, exclusive of ten dona tions of £100 each from colonists, including lUaara. A. L. Elder and H. Jarninson. It is: to be hoped that Sooth Australians will give a betpiog hand here. The style of the build ing will befCanaaian. The frontage wffl be , 6? feet, and there will be six atones. The ground floor wiU contain a ?bcacy about 3t>x 37 feet; a ntwi^room, 24 x 22; and a smoking room, 26 x 13. These measurements only refer to parts of the rooms which are not cimple squares. On the second floor there will be a museum 46 feet x 36. The rest of the building will be fitted op with all the appliances of a modern dub. In the House of Commons on July 19, Mr? Burke asked the Under Secretary of State for the Colonies whether any expression of opinion had been received from the Austra lian colonies with respect to the proposed ar rangement with M.de Leaesps. Mr. Ashley re plied :—TbePrecaierof Q aeensland, who, what ever his virtoea, does notseemtohave the virtue of knowing bow to wait, has telegraphed to 1 he Agent General expressing the dissatisfac tion of his Government as to the proposal of Her Majesty's Government in the matter of the Suet CanaL No other of the Australian colonies has expi eased any opinion. Sir S. Korthcote said—"l should like to ask the hon. gentleman how long be oonsidem the Premier of Queensland ought to base waited before he telegraphed. {OppotftM? cheers.) Mr. Ashley—Untfl he had received some information aa to the. details of the scheme. (Hear, hear, and Opposition <aia? of " Oh.") Mr. J. Lowther—Has any information been sent as to the detail* to Her Majesty* 'colonies? Mr. Ashley was nyfoi*^ to answer "No." Mr. S. Wortiey subsequently gave notice that be would next day aak the Undersecretary lor the Colonies what de tails of the scheme for the construction of a second Suez Canal there are which {hare as yet been made known to Parliament, but which cannot have reached the Governor of Queensland by the ordinary telegraphic agencies; what length of time would be re quired for the transmission by the I***l of a letter or dispatch from the Colonial Office to the Governor of Queensland; and whether any such letter or dispatch containing any information as to the details of the scheme above mentioned hat, in act, been as ye written or sent; and, if so, when." But Mr. Wortley got no satisfaction. The Athetwsum, Jury 14, reviews Mr. A. Tolmer a book, and says that the author has been harshly treated, and regrets to hear that The Graphic, of July S3, gives interesting sketches from New Guinea. A correspondent sends us the following :— A. buggy accident which aught ban lad to very aerions results occurred to Mr. R, B. Jackson on bit return from a visit to the Burrowing on Saturday morning, August 2x In travelling down a steep decline the brake refused to act, and the horses aooeleratedtheir pace until Mr. Livingston, who had charge of the ribbons, seeing a large hole ahead, brought them suddenly round. The sharp ness of the turn threw Mr. Jackson heavily out of the trap, the fall resulting in a broken arm, which is now progressing favorably under the care of Dr. O'Leary. A meeting of the Adelaide Bowing Associa tion was held at the Imperial Hotel on Thurs day evening. Thepresident(ilr.E.<S. Black more) occnpifd the chair. The report of the tub-committee appointed to consider the plans and estimates for the association boathonse and the best means of "?""ing the necessary funds for its erection was brought up and adopted. The proposed boatfaouse is a most convenient atructare, and besides affording ample room for the ti???ing of over thirty boats, provides baths and dresaing-rooms for rinhnandnnatfarhflriimwingnwti, TbenualsO a commodious dubroom, commanding a good view of die river, whioh no doubt will be largely patronised in the rowing season. It is proposed to raise the necessary funds by shares of £1 each, which may be taken up by clubs in their corporate capacity or indivi dual oarsmen and patrons of rowing. The association propose oat of the ordinary acnual revenue, after paying tbe neces sary current expenditure, to pay into' rest on the shares and create a reserve fond to purchase the chares from contribu tors, so that ultimately the boathouse will be the dear property of the association, to be held for the benefit of the members, It was decided that a deputation should attend upon the corporation to represent the state of the river, which ia fast silting up, with a view to urging that some action may be taken to arrest the shallowing process now going on so rapidly. The scale of fees charged to boats will also be brought under, notice. The meeting carried a resolution that bumping races should be initiated, and the first of these exciting contests is fixed for the first Thursday in October. They will be con tinued nightly till concluded. The practice will greatly conduce to getting crews into condition for the December regatta, and will aid captains of dubs and coaches to sift the material available for the more important contests. 