SPORTING NOTES. Mr. Boyd's horse Rosoomraon was shipped to Adelaide via Beaohport on Monday last, He wiU probably figure in Borne of the events at the forthcoming A.R.O, meeting provided the handi capper deals tenderly with him. The hounds are to throw«oS at AHandale this afternoon. The heavy weight of metal behind the Ade laide colt Dirk Hatteraiok has raised him to the position of first favorite for the Melbourne Oup, An unfortunate aooident happened at Fleming' ton on Saturday last to a jockey named Maolnnes. He was riding that unluoky animal Chrysalis in the Grand National Steeplechase, when sho struck a fenoe and toppled over on her rider, Poor MaoInneB WBB killed on the spot. The Victoria Raoing Olub Winter Steeple, ohase Meeting was held at Flemington on Satur» day laat, and wore it not for the sad and fatal aooident whioh happened to a jockey named Arohibald M'lnnis, the gathering would have been one of the most successful of the season, as the weathor was fine and thore was a very large attendance, The aocident referred to occurred in the Grand National Steeplechase, through Chrysalis, who was ridded by M'lunis, coming down at the stone wall at the back of the oourse, and falling heavily on her rider, Injuring him so severely about the chest that be expired a few minutes afterwards from in ternal hemorrhage, ThouiiforUintito young man was a well-known oroBB-country rider, and was much respeoted among racing men, Proceedings conimenood with tho Maiden Iiurdleraoe, which was won easily by The Joker, with 13elle Brandon eeooud and the favourite Ontario third, The Maiden Steeplechase was a chapter of aooidents only two out of the six starters completing the course without a mishap, Shamrock eventually winning rather oasily from Speculation, with Hope third. Dizzy easily nppropriatod tho Grand National Hurdlornoe, Rhesus defeating Basilisk for second honours. Eleven horseB started for tho Qrand National Steeplechase, and six out of that number came to grief, Blaokthorn in the end securing a very easy win from Sailor, with Black Jacket third, Sunlight came in first for the Selling Hurdleraoe, but was disqualified for being under weight, and the stakes awarded to Wild Harry, who oame in second. The meeting terminated with the Flat Race, wliioh fell to Virago, with Bonnie Beo second, and The Ghost third. The Balo at Wartnambool of the Kanga-! tong estate, of 17,000 bctoh was notoompioted laat Friday, Mobbts, Jeilio and St. Qulntin offered tho property for sale in Hiibdivisions, Throe lota, comprising 880 aorea, 259 noros, and 206 aoros respootivoly, wore sold to Mr, Dniiiul O'Brien, of Penehurat, at M per aoi'o for tho firat two iota and £8 17s, Od. for the third lot. Tho remainder wns withdrawn, but ia expected to bo sold to a Molbourno syndioato, 