-7mr% VISITOR MP- 2. The apparition oi a total and unexpected stranger, under the circumstances we have just described, wouldhaveheenalarming enough to any young woman; while the'apoearance oi the intrpdM; himBeU-dimp, bedraggled, livid—wasnot calculated to restore confidence. Ope side or.himif0>»rad with mud (where he had lain onJha, ground, pending Mr. Perry's investigation, of the garden gate), the other in-sodden evening clothes, his only protection against tljte wild weather, without an undergraduate's gown, tied round his neck like a sh»wl»-&e; only tiring that could ty said to the advantage of the young ;man was thathedid notiodkbke a gay Lothario. Not for. a nuunent,v^howerer, did Miss Per Jdn§ imagine torn torJxtfciJnjdgM thief or bur flan * The niutergraduatfetogo wn» forwhlch she had as quick daifeyfe! as an undergraduate fdr a petticoat, reassured her upon that point at onoej she staggetedhack, m alarm, in dbed,butitwnanotol*physicalkind. Her feelings were aitoiiar to tnose of the gay moupquetaire. 'who, -ueroeifinghia beloved object and yiegbost-other twin sister, whom hie, l^heta&ye;^ qiB sick. bed together. exdmnied ^VoiUdeuit.'.'.apd went pffinafit. ^^Mtthat.^iete wag;,a second Ipver, though in the likeness of a dtowned l^comeafterheryoungmistreaa. Nay, \--- ' -1- 1 ' a few moments reflection,' though she .. npver so much as set eyes on him before, - ie * even guesseia who he was. It ■ Wdil .£&■ * vpp rer natural achteness Could not have ar rived at this conclusion without assistance. { She was Sophy's confidante—a eater one in some respects, and a mqch more dangerous one, in others, than Henny Helford would have made—and ehe already knew, all about Mr. John Adair. Her countenance, however, expressed nothing but unmitigated amaze ment. The intruder, top, was hardly less sur prised, and £rom the same cause. He had counted upon being confronted with a fami liar face, and lo! he found himself in the presence of a stranger. Being a woman, and a ready one, Miss Per kins was the first to speak. "Who on earth are you?" she.inquired; " and what are you come here, about ?" 'I am a friend of Canon Aldred's," he said; " and as I was coming home from the .... coming l ball, I saw a man slip into your garden. Per ceiving by the light yonder "—he pointed to the candle—" that some of the family were still up, I thought it my duty to give you warning of it." An ordinary British maid-servant, under like circumstances, would have grasped with gratitude at the means thus suggested of ex plaining matters; but Jeannette was much too sharp to fall into such an error. It flashed upon her in a moment that the new cobier could not have made use of the same signal as his predecessor had he not wit nessed it; and, therefore, that all conceal ment as to that incident was useless. Moreover, here was an unexpected opportunity of'doing a good turn to her young mistress, whom she knew had reason to stand in fear of this gentleman. " My master should be greatly obliged to you, sir," she said, hesitatingly. " But the fact is, the person you saw is no burglar, as you suppose. I have just seen him myself, for he had the impudence to force his way in, though I did my best to prevent him : he is a friend of the family—though, as you may well say, after such conduct, hardly deserves to remain so ; he is not quite master of his own actions to-night, having been, 1 suppose, at the ball supper ! If it got to be known, I am terrilied to think what would happen: 1 don't mean to him, for he would have only himself to thank for it; but the canon, I'm sure, would be so dreadfully distressed." "Andyour young mistress, Miss Gilbert, also, perhaps?" suggested Adair, drily. '* No doubt, and Miss Aldred likewise. There is nothing like your gentleman black guard for doing mischief in a house." Wet as he was, a glow came into the cheeks of Mr. John Adair, and touched his trembling ears. There is a general notion, set agoing, I am inclined to think, by the scoundrels them selves, that persons who behave in a rascally i manner are unaware of it, or at all events j that they gloze it over in their own minds, so j that the thing looks much more presentable ; ] it is just possible that it may be so, when | rascality ha6 become the rule and not the exception of their lives, but in a general way everyone is conscious of the commission of a baseness, and no more likes to be reminded of it than of any other unpleasant fact. " 1 have heard of a gentleman farmer and of a gentleman jockey," returned the young man with a forced smile ; " but a gentleman blackguard, my good girl, is a contradiction in terms." "Well, I never heard bim called by that name, sir,"returned Jeannette, simply; " but there's plenty of them about. You would never believe it, but that young man had the impudenoe to call here, to-night, without the least thought of the scandal that might come of it, merely to inquire why my young mistress was not at the ball to-night—as though it was any business of his." "Impudent scoundrel!" ejaculated Mr. Adair, indignantly. "And -whydidn't your young mistress go to the ball f " Well, surely there was reason enough, as you must very well know." Adair's face darkened in a moment ■ He had all along Buspected that it was the fear of meeting him, or. rather of being under his surveillance, while she was in Ferry's company, that had kept her away from Ihe Town-haH* and the supposition, as we know, was correct I know' of no reason," he answered, sharply. " It ought to bave beena very good one, for only a few hours' ago Miss Gilbert promised me a dance with her own lips, ft was~a great disappointment to ma" " It naturally must have been," admitted Jeannette, a light craft that could put about at a moment's notice. " I am sure she is very Borry that it has so happened; but after Mr. Perry's conduct on the river—which I took for granted you had heard of—and for fear that he should misbehave himself again" " But Miss Gilbert knew all that when she promised to dance with me," interrupted Adair. " And so did Miss Aldred know, only she had not told my mistress when she spoke to you, because she had had no opportunity of telling her, that nothingwould induce her to let her go to the ball. This is only between ourselves, sir, if you please," added the girl earnestly; "for what Miss Aldred gave out wis that she had a headache and did not feel equal to going to the ball herSelf." )' I did hear her say she had a headache," observed Adair, greatly mollified. " Then it wis not your mistress's fault—that is, it was nqt of her dWa will—that she stopped at home." ■lV ['Certainly not, sir; she has a better opi nion of rMrv. Perry, perhaps than some pfus have,, atid,<U4ji[9j tjii&k; itpo&sible; that he woulq. sd^eM'o^n, But my pusttess is a yauhg 'lady, Ol.flfeirih ahd # she was once pdrauajlod that ML li$ta or any other gentle man ifrag presuming upion any kindness she had shown him, or taking advantage of some fancied hold of -Jier in aiiy other way. ahe wbuld go to her guafdiah at once, no matter what annoyance it cost her, sua my master wpuld know how, to deal withhim." . could assume; ''still,*o the maitorofSltt? riy's WBe^nabk call,, I understood yoa Bay that Miss filbert did net wish the \ontoknowriboat it" ' fo,? ft** fcgow abput it herself, sir. it doesnx need s ghost from the grave, I should think, to know that no young lady vnate to Jpemndotht talk «t the town, I should have thought every gentleman who was a gentleman understood that." " I understand it perfectly well, my good girl; and I think I understand you," said Adair, smiling, as he drew his purse from his pocket. " 1 should like your young mistress to know 1 had looked in, in case I might be of'any use; but of course no one else shall know. Be so good as to give her my compli ments, and say I shall do myself .thej^honour of calling to-morrow." " Oh, thank you, sir." ; It was hot Mr. Adair's polite promise that had thus excited Miss Perkins's gratitude, but the coin he had dropped into her hand, and which her nice sense of touch immediately informed ber was a sovereign. " Would you like an umbrella, sir? If you don't mind a gingham, I'll lend you mine." Declining this generous offer with a smile, and chucking the damsel under the chin (from a notion that that course of conduct was under the circumstances expected of him, rather than from any amatory impulse), Mr. Adair let himself out " He's as wet as a frog," observed Miss Perkins, rubbing her chin with her frilled apron, as she locked the door behind him. "I hope that poor young man won't die of a cola. I had no idea when I first set eyes on him that he was such a good sort One should never judge men, as men do women, by their looks. ' Handsome is as handsome does,' is my motto. Now, there's Mr. Perry ; one would imagine to look at him that to do him ever so slight a service would be gold in anyone's pocket; and yet a meaner man never stepped. To think that the very day he was married on the sly that he only gave half a sovereign to his wife's own maid! Bah ! I hate such husbands !" 