THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, FEB. 10, 1883 "ENGAGED, sir," are the talismanic words by which the cabmen of Hobart may incon- venience the public, defy the police, and regulate their conduct by the dictates of their own sweet will, if the judgment of the Acting-Police Magistrate in the suit the Police Superintendent v. Whitney given on Thursday last, as reported in our columns of the following day, be as con- sistent with law as it is repugnant to good sense. We are not sufficiently skilled in the law to venture to challenge the soundness of the magisterial finding. Law and reason are often so antagonistic that we may, without abandoning our own ideas of the fitness of things, give the Acting-Magistrate the credit of having well and truly laid down the law. What common sense people may deem the absurdity of the decision may but demon- strate the legal acumen of the Magistrate, and his decision on that occasion can hardly be found fault with if the dictum be correct which he then laid down that the foot passengers have no busi- nets to be on the street, and when they leave the footpath do so at their own peril. We, therefore, have no alternative but accept the ruling of the Acting-Police Magistrate. We bow to the inevitable, and, while respecting the law and its enunciators, seek a remedy elsewhere. In the case of errant foot passengers we look to the City Council. In the case of what the Superintendent designated "stubborn and defiant" cabmen our hope must be in Parliament, and in obtaining such legal remedy as will remove the anomaly of law outraging common sense. If the streets are to be given up to cabs and cabmen, and foot passengers encroach on their demand at the risk of life and limb, it will be the duty of the City Council to throw bridges across the streets in the manner now so common at railway stations and crossings. Pedestrians may have the trouble of ascendmg and descending the steps, but then they will be in personal safety. True, the question of expense may deter the Corporation, and in that case we may trust to the municipal mind pointing to the section of the Police Act which protects foot passengers crossing streets from the reckless driving of cabmen, and thus teach the Acting Police Magistrate the danger of speaking unadvisedly with his lips. We are, thus, left to deal only with the judicial finding which, if unset aside and unremedied, must revolutionise the understood relations between the public and the cabmen. We have no desire to enter into the particulars of the pretty little quarrel between the police and the cabmen which occupied the attention of the Police Court on Thursday. We up- hold not the action of the police simply because, as the Magistrate expressed him- self, we "are not called upon to express an opinion as to the conduct of the police." We pass this over with the remark that to the public interest the police, in the proper execution of their duty, must be upheld. The safety of society requires this, and agaiust this safety a heavy blow was struck when the Bench mulcted the Superintendent of Police in costs. It may be said the salutary lesson thus taught will make the Superintendent more careful in instituting proceedings. Perhaps so, but there is another view in which euch a contingency may present itself to the official mind, and the dread of failure and its conse- quent costs may deter the Superintendent from adopting proceedings except in cases where conviction is inevitable. The state of matters that would follow might con- stitute an elysium for offenders. But would the result be equally acceptable to the law abiding citizens ? Such consider- ations naturally arise out of the novel action of the Bench, which was calculated to discourage the police without substanti- ally benefiting the victorious cabman, who could hardly have been impressed with the equity which found him entitled te expenses, yet measured his own time and trouble, the professional skill of his legal agent, and the attendance of wit- nesses, at half a sovereign. In this matter the decision went either too far, or not far enough. It is equally beside our purpose to take up the very common cry against the cab- men. As in every other rank of life, there are good and bad men among them, and we doubt not it would be found that even the worst of them are not altogether bad. They have some good points about them. The pity is that the nature of their calling is against them. People are' so apt to suspect them that, finding them- selves in the Ishmaelite position of their hands being against every man and every man's hands against them, they have hardly the inducement to do anything else than take care of themselves. This tendency in the cabmen renders all the more dangerous the uncertainty which the decision of the Police Court has caused, and unless some restraining action is at once had recourse to the cabmen will cease to be an institu- tion for the convenience of the public. The public will be reduced to serving the convenience of the cabman, be subject to their caprices and powerless against their extortions. What, in the matter of ob- struction, the law now does, is to provide that "if the driver of any licensed cab by loitering or by any wilful misbehaviour causes any obstruction in any public road, street, or place, or for the purpose of taking up or setting down a passenger stops such cab opposite tot the end of any street, or upon any place where foot passengers usually cross the carriage way, he shall for any such offence forfeit and psy," etc. Out of this section arose the question of hiring and ob- struction, with the former of which we would now more immediately deal. Though the Court thought dif- ferently, there seems to have been no question that an obstruction was caused. Equally indisputable was it that the cab- man thought himself justified in what he did by the fact of his being there under engagement. We are inclined to concede all that the defendant maintained as matter of fact. But his right to conduct himself as he did raises an altogether different issue. If, because engaged, a cabman is entitled to take up any position he pleases, and to doggedly refuse to move, the entrances of all public places may be monopolised by a few stubborn and defiant cabmen, who may put thousands to inconvenience. This is an interpretation of the law that cannot be upheld, and to whom are we to look for putting down so intolerable a nuisance ? Surely to the police. Yet the result of the Police Court decision would deprive the police of the power of interference, and leave the public at the mercy of the cabmen. The Bench, we are prepared to believe, never contemplated such a possi- bility as the result of the decison given on Thursday. But is the possibility over- drawn ? Whether right or wrong in taking up a prominent position in front of the Exhibition Building, the cabmen, when remonstrated with by the police, ought to have paid that deference to the remonstrance which every good citizen would yield, and it is to be regretted that in the Police Court they were upheld in the contumacious line of conduct they pursued. If in this respect the law is deficient a remedy cannot be too soon sought. The obligation to "move on" which rules elsewhere, and which is so essential to good order, should be intro- duced, and made so plain and imperative as that he who runs may read. The other question raised, the right of an engaged cab to jostle with and take place among unengaged vehicles, is perhaps of still more importance. As an abstract role a cabman when engaged should not be permitted to occupy a place on the stand on which those intend- ing to hire are entitled to expect only conveyances open to engagement. But as inconvenience might be caused were engaged cabmen debarred from their ordinary stand, or they might have no other place on which they could wait without causing obstruction, it is but right that their convenience should be studied, and this may be done without exposing intending hirers to the jibes, insults, and annoyance which now accom- pany the very common but untrue pretext conveyed in the words "engaged, sir ;" and if the corporation has the power of passing a bye-law enabling the public to distinguish between those engaged and those who are not, the Mayor and Aldermen should at once enact the neces- sary regulation. If they have not the power they should prepare to apply to Parliament for it. In Adelaide engaged cabmen are permitted to remain on the stand, but if a fare offers the cabman who pleads engagement is obliged to find a substitute to do the work of the person misled by the cabman re- maining on the stand. An equally efficacious remedy may be found in compelling each engaged cabman to ex- hibit in a conspicuous position on his cab, and in large letters, the word "Engaged." The absence of such an intimation should be declared conclusive evidence that the cab was not engaged, and subject the driver to the penalty of refusing to accept a hire ; while the necessity of such an intimation would render cabmen chary of using it, since the exhibition of the intimation would prevent intending hirers troubling tbemselves with engaged cabs. Inwabd English Hail.-The Royal Mail Steamer Nizam, with the fortnightly Eng- land mails, left Adelaide at, U a.m. on SundaW 'and passed Cape Otway at 6 a.m. yesterday, arriving at Port Phillip Heads six hours later. The s.a. Mangana left for Launceston at 7 p.m., with the English mails on board. A delivery of tile mails will take place at Hobart to-morrow morn iing. 'ti. .'< InikkcOlonial Files.-The following filos of intercolonial papers are to hand :-Vic- toria, 17th ¡nat.; New South Wales, 14th and 15th ¡nat.; South Australia, 12th to 14th ¡nat.; Queensland, 9th to, 12th inst,; and Now Zealand, 29th ult. to 19th inat. Postal Intelligence. -We learn that arrangements have been made by tho Post- master-General for sending and receiving additional 'mails to and from Hobart, "Brighton, Bagdad, Constitution Hill, and Green Ponda, the maila to close at Hobart daily (Sunday exceptcd) at 4'30 p.m., arriving at Brighton at,6-30 p.m., Bagdad at 7 p.m., Constitution Hill at 8'10 p.m., and at Green Ponda at 8,-45 p.m. The return mails to close at Green Ponds at 8 a.m., Constitution Hill 8-30 a.in., Bagdad 910. a.m., and Brighton at 9*30 a.m., the mails arriving at the General Post Office in timo for the 1 o'clock delivery. These additional facili | ties are to be'afforded on and from Wednes- day next, the 21st instant^ , ; I KXKeimvB Council.-The usual weekly '.meeting of"the Executive Council was not belo yesterday on account of the absenccof theHOovtrbPi' in the north. ' "? 'A DwnÑiflTJi'Hín Vlërroii.-iThe Hon. Lavington Olyd«, tie Troasurer 'of South Australia, arrived at HoL'.ort by tlio Ceriuua yeeterday, the objectfOf hi» visit being to discus», wiib'.tim Premier,'matter» of public interest to the two colonies. In the absence ,ofMr, G>bt*n,wbo.'i* enjoying * yatching cruiaty M», Glyde *Ad.»n interview with ino Chief'SeBfcetary, and ha» arranged for an official wterview with the Treosorer on Wednesday morning. Mr. Glyde proceeds tlii«-. raornsng to Launceston, ini order to view the doantry, ami will return to town thig evening, leaving, for Melbourne by the Corinna on Tharsday.- ' Naval--The, post of honour held by tho ironclad Nelson, ,». flagship of the'Amstralian station, has for ' a time passed ont of her possession, and fe now held by H.M.S. Diamond. 'This transference is caused by absence of Commodore» Erskine in Melbourne, in order . to be present' at the wedding of Lord Charles Scott, who- visited tile colonies in H.M.S. Bacchante ftboof 13- mpntlia ago* The broad pennant was hoisted orí the mizen ,of the Diamond yesterday morning. Captain Dàle'.'being tho; senior officer on Hie station, ia therefore temporarily invested with all tho powers and privileges of a commodore The'Exhibition.-Between 700 and 800 people, (Visited, the Exhibition yesterday. The committee intend to open tho /Exhibi- tion to-morrow morning between' 10 and 12 o'clock, aa well as in the afternoon and ev'oniog, as usual. This arrangement ia made in order that visitors from the country dis- tricts may. have a .good oppot tuuity of spending an hour or two as the Exhibition. City Council.-An ordinary mooting of ?the City Council waa held yesterday, the Mayor presiding. Reports were, submitted from various committees, none boing of a very important nature. Nineteen - applications were made for tho appointment of over- seer of works, and referred to committed for report. Petitions were presented, as also'the ,usual,returns, including the vital statistics from the Health officer, after which tho .Council adjourned. A!report wiU bo found elsewhere^ . 1 j'V.D.L-Bank.-An extraordinary general meeting of the'shareholders of the V.D.L.- Bank wa» held at the banking houso yestor day, the Hon. P. O. Fysh in the chair, for the purpose of electing an additional director, resident m Hobart' There were two candi 'dates for the office, Messrs. P. Pacy and A. Riddoch» the 1 former being ultimately elected., Mr. Thomas Lyons, of tho Gas Company's, office, has been appointed to the tclleí-ahip of the above-named bank. \- SouiuEHN Tasmanian Aukicultuiial and 'Pastoral Sooiett.-The annual meeting of this society will bo held in the Mayor's Court-room of the Town Hall to-morrow (Wednesday)1 oveningj at 8 o'clock. The President, the1 Hon. N.J. Browne, will take the chair. "As this date has been selected to meet,the convenience of .country members, .many of whom will no doubt bo in town for the races, it ¡a to be hoped they will attend. . jArraogemeat» for the meeting are complete, ' ' and a large attendance is anticipated, ' I England v. Australia.-Play in th» match between the Combined Australian team and the Hou. Ivo Bligh's Eleven was resumed yesterday at Sydney, in the pre- sence of a large concourse of spectators. When stumps vere drawn on Saturday the Englishmen, in thoir first innings, had lost nine wickets for 263 runs, A. G. Steel being not out for 135. Yesterday the innings terminated without the total being in- creased, Steel carrying out his bat. Tho Australians went ¡if, arid when play ¿eased for the day hod modo 249 runs for tho loss of nine wickets, Bonnor contributing 87, Biackham 57, Giffen 27, and three or four others also getting into double figures. Evans (19) and Boyle (21) aro the not outs. Tho match will bn resumed again to-day. Aquatic.-Mr. W. J. Lucas and Mr. 'R. R Rex, owners of the yacht Neva, are deter- mined that their craft shall goto Launceston bywater, despite the several unsuccessful attempts maclo last week to get to sea. Yesterday afternoon the Nova was handed over to Mr. James Carver to take hor round to the north for tho Tamar Regatta. A wa» start to have boen made at 12 o'clock lost night. Cbicket.-Tho matches that were ar- ranged to bo played botweon the Sandhurst team, now on a visit to the northern aido of the island, and tho Wellington club, on Thursday next, and subsequently with the Derwent club, will not take place, in conse- quence of several of the Sandhurst men havingto roturn to Victoria. An Explanation-.-Messrs. Bridges Bros., of 93, Elizabeth-street, writes to apologise for having unintentionally misled our re- porter as to the silver medal which was awarded by the S.T.A.P.A. in 1879, not to thcmsolves, but to Mr. B. Wignall, of Har- rington-street, and explains that thoy re- ceived tho silver medal of the society in question in 1878. Messrs. Biidgcs add that the substitution of the " figure 9 for 8 may have been a printer's error in tho first in- stance, or our own mistake, it being almost impossible for us at all times to quote cor- rectly from memory the exact year _ in which we have been successful in obtaining a prise." _ Cameo-Piiotoorapus.-Mr. A. Winter .writes:-"In answer to Mr. Osborne's letter, I can only repeat what I said in my former letter, viz., that he has not any, solo right or patent for his Bo-called cameo photographs, which can bo produced by any one, without reforence to him. My opinion u borne out by several of the oldest Ímotographers here, that similar pictures lave been produced here during the last 20 years." Launceston Correspondence,-It ap pears_ that our Launceston correspondent was in no respect to blame for tue non appearance in yesterday's issue of a report of Saturday's play in tho match Launceston ». Sandhurst. His parcel, containing this report among other news items, was duly forwarded by him per tho mail train on Saturday, and should have reached Hobart early Sunday morning. Instead of doing so, it came to hand yesterday afternoon by the ordinary. THE LATE Mr. Abbott.—On Sunday last there passed from among us, at the ad- vanced age of 84, one whose valuable and voluntarily-rendered meteorological services, extending over a period of 35 years, entitle him to the well-earned gratitude of the colony in whose behalf those observations were made. It is now about 40 years since Mr. Francis Abbott, then a man in the prime of life, left his native town of Derby in England, and started in business as a watchmaker in Hobart. Always fond of philosophical pursuits, the deceased collected round him during his lengthy career a library of valuable philosophical and other works, and an assortment of scientific in- struments which may well be called unique in this colony. His compilation of meteoro- logical tables, extending over 35 years, made from observations taken at his own oxpense in his private observatory, is a standard work of reference for the Tasmanian climate, and has for many years been printed by the Government for its own use. The deceased, in fact, acted practically as meteorological observer for this colony during the whole of that long period, and it was only when his strength began to give way a year or two ago owing to old age that an independent observer was appointed by the Government, to continue a work so faithfully carried out by the deceased. Besides being a life member of the Royal Society of Tas- mania he was a member of the Royal Society of England, Fellow of the Astronomical Society, as well as a member of several other scientific societies in the old country. The volumes of the local society are enriched by numerous contributions from the pen of the deceased, principally on astronomical and meteorological subjects. Indeed only those who have had the opportunity of watching Mr. Abbott's career know how valuable the services he rendered were. He was a very careful and painstaking observer, and was the first to draw attention to the since much disputed but now thoroughly established fact that the star of Argus has been under- going considerable changes in form and posi- tion since the observations made of it by Sir John Herschell at the Cape. Space fails, however, to point out the nature of the conclusions arrived at by a thorough exami- nation of the points involved in these changes. Suffice it to say that the import- ance of the services rendered to science by the deceased during his long life are thoroughly recognised and appreciated by scientific men. With the exception of a perceptible failing of his mental faculties during the last six months, the deceased retained his faculties up to Saturday, when he had what may almost be called the first day's illness he ever had in his life. He was very strong and hearty, and could eat and drink with an appetite, so that his death was unexpected. He wandered slightly in his mind the day before his death, speaking of old names and old places, and he was apparently again living over in thought the days of long ago. Three sons and a daughter, all comfortably settled in this colony, live to mourn the old man's loss. The simple inscription on the deceased's coffin is as follows :— Francis Abbott, Died 18th February, 1883, In his 84th year. Tub TheAtdk.-Hamlet was produced at' tho Theatre Royal lost evening in. the Í" tresencê of a Vefy larie audience. The por ormanco was one of ' the best and most enjoyable given under the lcsscesliip of Mr. Dodge. Mr. George Dili-rail, the announce- ment of whoso engagement for another Week was good news for the local playgoers, ap- peared, of course, in the title vole, and his powerful -acting was a genuine surprise to many who deemed lum, able as ' ho un- doubtedly is, scarcely capable of doiug justice to the leading character in Shake' epeore's masterpiece. He richly deserved the hearty applause bestowed upon him at frequent intervals during the' pro- gress of the play. He had evidently studied the whole piece moat carefully, and his impersonation was a mnstcrly one, every action and attitude being appropriate, and the words clearly enunciated und spoken with due emphasis. The " star " was fairly well supported by the other members of the company, although neither Miss Floi.i Anstead, a» the Queen, nor Mr. Charles Jiol-1 loway, as Claudius, were thoroughly-. Batist factory. Ou tile otlicr hand, Kir. Frank Gerald's Horatio was second only to Mr. Darrcll's Hamlet. Mr. H. N., Douglas acted with considérable ability both aa Laertes and the Ghost. Mia» Jenny Watt-' Tanner scored another success, us Ophelia, ' and Miss Lily May wai thoroughly suited in the part of Rosencranty. The other char actors wore sustained very creditably. This evening will be played The Street* oi Hew York. Thompson's Zoxt Wak.-A moderately large audience assembled at tho Town Hall last night to witness Thompson's well known ami-over popular diorama of the Zulu war,' illustrating, as the advertised pros- pectus* very truthfully Btates, "on 30,000ft,1 canvas all the principal events connected with this campaign, from the first shot to the capture of Cotowayo." Descriptions of the various pictures, with an excellent running comment thereon, nie given by Mr. N. 11. Thompson himself, who waxes eloquent on such stirring subject» as 'the battles of Isandula and Ulundi, tlie defence of Rorke'« Drift, or the death of toe Prince Imperial, Tho crossing of Waterloo- Bridge by moon- light by tlie 17th Lancers, as also the return of the transports, to Portsmouth with ' the troops on boord, wore particularly noticeable for their ingenious mechanical effects. Tho picture representing tlie arrival of the' body of the deceased Prince, who " lived a spot- less life and died a Boldiui-'s death," waa accompanied by tliu orchestra playing Beethoven's magnificent funeral mareil, Handel's moro popular one being played later on during the representation of the obsequies of the deceased Prince. During the evening Mr. Thompson distributed among tho audience, " at his discretion," to' quote the proprietor's technical phrase, a number of vaiuablo presenta, including a silver watch, a tea and coffee service, and a1 pair of field glasses. The diorama will .be Tated this evening. i 9.N. Company's Ornum-Mr. Gregory has received official notification' from -Mr. Hunter, architect, that his'tender of £0,206,. -for the erection of the T.8.N. ¡Company's, ' offices, baa boen accepted, ' I T.M.L.R, Sic« and Phovident Sooirty. -Tho fourth annual general mooting of tho above society took placo at tho Hobart terminus last evening, Mr. C. H. Grant, tho president of tho society, in tho chair. Tho minutes of the last annual goneral meet- ing wcro read and confirmed. Tho balance sheet was submitted, an abstract of which has already appeared in theso columns. Tho report was then read, and stated1 that the operations of the society during the past year had been exceptionally successful. This was duo principally to the judicious changes made at the last annual meeting, from which greater benefit would bo experienced in tho current year, because somo of the moro im- portant financial alterations did not take effect until' after the fourth month. The ?year closed with a credit of £131 2s. 9d., ¡from which was to lie deducted £25 Is. 9d. owing to the medical fund, which íb now treated as a separate fund, in accordance with tim resolution adoptod at tho last annual meeting, leaving the handsomo balance of £100 Is. to bo carried foi ward to noxt year. The receipts showed an almost total absence , of subscriptions from donors and vico-pati ona, against the amount of £47 7s. Id. in 11881, and the ' contributions from ordinary ' member» and entraneo fees also showed a reduction on previous years. On tho sido of disburse- ments a large reduction was shown in medical officers' salaries, which had been paid to the 29th April lost under the old management, and did now appear. In funeral allowances £60 was paid, compared with £50 last year. Sick payments had considerably diminished, being £81 18s. 4d. against £202 15s. lOd. Tho committee desired to place on record, tho kind and unsolicited promise of Messrs. John Baily and Co. to grant a yearly donation 'of £2 2s., to the funds. The number, of jncmbci b at the commencement of 1883 was 190 as compared -with 202 at the saino period in 1882\. Mr. C. H. Grant, iu moving tho adoption of the report and balance sheet, congratulated the society on its satisfactory position as dUclosed by the statement of accounts. It was very gratifying to find bo little sickness' among "so* large a number of employes, which he attributed to'tho watch- ful care exercised over them by their medical officer, to whom they wcro much indobted. Tho motion for the adoption of the report and balança sheet was unani- mously agreed to. Tho election of officers for tho year was proceeded M ¡til. Mr. C. H. Grant was re-elected president, and Mr. R. J. Ellis vice-president. Mr. E. F. Lovett was ro-clected secretary and trea- surer. The committee, with one exception (Mr. M. Henry in place of Mr. Jos. Smith), were ro-elected for the »nBuingyear. The retiring auditors were again returned. A motion was passed according the thanks of tho meeting, on behalf of the society, to the secretory (Mr. E. F. Lovett) for his able management of its affairs during the past 12 months, and requested him to retain tho full amount of his salary stipulated in the rules. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. Mbetixo or Railway Employes.--A number of men employed on the Main Line Railway held a meeting last evening at the Bird-in-Hand Hotel to consider tho desira- bility of demanding an increase of wages. The meeting was a thoroughly representa- tive one, about 35 men being present, and many others, whose duties prevented their attendance, being represented by proxy. After, considerable discussion about tho terms to be agreed on, several. resolutions were carried. The most important aro as follows:-(1) That this'meeting,'acting in co-operation with the men on the Launceston and Western Railway, request Mr. Grant to cause the eight hours system to bo adopted in future on the Main Line Railway ; (2) that Mr. Grant be also requested to pay in futur» 6s, per day to permanent way men, and 8b. per day to gangers ; and (3) that a committee bo appointed from amongst those present to draw up a document containing the proposed alterations in times and wages, and that tho same be sent in to Mr. Grant as soon as possible. The meeting then ter- minated. THE MURDER at CAMPBELL Town -An inquest was held at Campbell Town before Mr. A. Finlay, coroner, and a jury yesterday, on the body of Constable Thompson, who was killed with an axe by James "Connolly, at Barton House, River Isis, 10 miles from Campbell Town, on Saturday night. The inquest lasted six hours, and the jury re- turned a verdict of wilful murder. A full report will be found elsewhere. Fire at Launceston.-Our correspon- dent writes :-On Saturday, at 12*30 p.m., an alarm of fire was rung1 out from the Charles-street station, but the signals being improperly given, the tiro brigade, which had turned out' promptly, proceeded in tho ùirèetlôn of the wharf. There, nù,.yov°r» they learned that tho fire was at the resi- dence of Mr. C. Dempster, Upper St. John street, and soon afterwards they arrived on the scene. It appears that sparks from the chimney of Mr. W. C. Huyber's residonce, which is seml- dotached, had ignited tho old shingles on the roof of Mr. Dempster's place, but it was extinguished after burning about two square yards of the roof. The greater damage was caused by the water used in ex- tinguishing the flames pouring into the attics and deluging the contents. Citv Police Court.-Tho Mayor and Alderman Grogory presided at yesterday's sitting of the City Police Court. One mau was fined 6b., with tho usual alternative, for being drunk and incapable. A similar sen toneo was paascd on Benjamin Clayton and John Whittaker, for disturbing the peace ; as also on Percy Graco, for using obsceno language. James Meares, who assaulted Constable Dolanty while approhending Whittaker, with whom Meares had been fighting, was ordered to pay a fine of 10s. tia., orbe imprisoned for a fortnight. An- drew Anderson, a Norwegian, was fined 2s. (Jil., for indecent behaviour ; and John Duncan, for a similar offence committed on Sunday morning in Argylo-streot, was fined 10a, 6(1. Augusta Mazaorcs, a Portuguese, was fined 10a. uti., with tho usual alternative, for resisting Constable Marshall' while re moiuitratiiig with Anderson. Launceston- Police CouitT.--At tho Launceston Polico Court yesterday, Ann Liptrott was fined 5s., for being drunk and incapable Eleanor Hesloy, fori disturbing the peaco, ,waa fined 10». CJ F. B. C. Hardinge, on remand from February 14, charged with' embezzlement, was .further remanded till to-day. Thomas Brynnt, charged with stealing peaches, i was repri- manded and discharged. , , U«/jelivkrií¿Teleokams.-There ore two undelivered tologramsi-ouo for Mr». P. E. Hall, Battery Point, and. the other for T. N. Fitzgerald, Hobart-lying nt tile telegraph office/ the messengers being unablo to find the persons to whom the telegrams have been addressed. ? ! A Coart of General Sessions for the revision of the electoral roll will be hold nt the Couneil chambers, Sorell, on the 3rd prox. I A meeting of landholders in the ' district of Port Knpumne.i will ba held at the Dover HnM ¡'(nt Kuperaitce, on the lOtli prox., for the purpose of clitctin^ hve in ni trmtfe«. Spurts will beheld at Ciuipun il"ii Queen's birth.lily, the 2l'h Muy, when ¡>r'¿t» .amounting ,to nearly £11) will be given. ' ¡ The 27th lust hu been appointed a bank hollilay in Launceston on account nt the Tamur Regatta.r The 'publia oHieés will also be closed on that day. ' Si« events aro advertised for the Sorell races, to Lum« off on Easter Monduy. , Sunday-school anolieraary services will bu held in the New Town Wenluyuu Church next 'Sunday. A meeting of the Tasmanian Good Tem- plars' Permanent Mutual Benefit Building àouety will be held au the lit piox. to revino thu rules. Thousand* of our citizens, who at Drat tried tho Turklih Baths reluctantly, now regard them as a necessity, wlillo many of uur leading ladies resort to thom (or their beneficial Influence. In Various (lís- tales, especially thoso affecting ti» norvous system, theso ballia baye, within tho circle of our owu ac- quaintance, accomplished wonders, anil many who sulfur from want of pronor circulation of tho tilood would obtain instaut relief by visiting tho liaths - Holton Journal. Hobart lurkUh Bath», open dally for gentlemen, except Tuesday* ' ead Fridays for ladies BUIlNE1T8AaUA.DE FX.OWMEL, as Its nanto nullités Is tho honoy of flowers, highly concentrated, and Imparts a peculiar and most agreeable fragrance It combine* the virtues of Cologne, th* pungency of a handkerchief perfume with an adaption to dally use In the bath, whtch commends it to general use In the sieb room this delightful perfume will prove In valuable Its Invigorating qualities »ill disinfect the atmoinhore, rollovo tho tired brain, soothe and refresh the restless patient, and revire his drooping eporglea. BuiiNKrr'a Aoua de Ki ohiMkl Is acknowledged, the most delightful, fragrant, lasting, and caespsut toilet water this century has produced. For sale by A. P MiLt.au, Hobart i Kowari, Asa & Saw. Hobart Whole**)* by íMrkov. Mom»*, * Co , «yd*»». Pi.oRir.iNE- For th» Tram and Hreato.-A few drops of tho liquid "Florillne" sprinkled on ta wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cle insea the teeth from all paraalbis or Impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stope decay, gives to th* teeth * Decollar'pearly whiteness, .nd a delightful fragrant» to the breath, I remove« »U unpleasant odour arising frota decayed tooth er tobacco stnoae. " Th* Fragrant Florllitie,' beute coat pose* In part of boa«? and tweetv herbs Is dellctou* to the ta*»*, and Um freatetl tallai discovery of the M*. Prlea is. 84., of all Chemist* and tierfuaten,, "wholesale depot removed to St Fr.rrlus.ilo itoau landon. . Circulara »nd pamphlet* upltnatoiy ol Its eurattv* proueiUea bay* been translated Into all languages, ana there Uno portion al th* world whet* WoLr*'* BcustAi-r* I* noi kaajw» *ad appreotaUtt , luue "A Kian "opt or oui "Tia» I"-Dreta» v^<>Uaa4f*o^*tàne***iddr Djü» «MsjaBiSfaitiiuiMi »g** with Jad-» I OeMhasi at»ae|t*^r*wi>j»dM,«*ov**as>4tss. 1 ¡SMwMh jiAieTsilreUt jCkT*sU «wHwksi» 