MELBOURNE. (from our own correspondent.) Monday Evening. The political world is quiet just now, pending the utterances of the Premier and the ex-Premier at Lancefield and Geelong. After the discharge of these two big guns, tho firing will begin in earnest, and continue without intermis sion up to the day which is to decide the fate of the Government, and crown or blight the hopes of many who burn to servetheir country in theploasant capacity of members of Parliament. 1 heard to day that Professor Pearson may go for Polwarth and South Grenville, but it is doubtful if that gentleman would exactly satisfy the requirements of an .agricultural district. Mr VV. M'G. Clark is to bo opposed for Footscray, but his adver sary has not yet come forward. There were, it seems, some rather ludi crous circumstances connected with a fire which occurred in Brunswick-street, Fitz roy, yesterday afternoon. It originated in a confectioner's, and was first discovered by Detective Wilson, who.happened to be passing at the time. Tho officer, knowing that the adjoining building was inhabited, made great attempts to rouse the inmates, but failed to do so, and thereupon burst in the door. He found the proprietor of theestablishment, a portly son of Israel, disporting himself in the bath just as peacefully as if the house next door was not qn fire, and it was with the greatest difficulty that he was induced to leave the liquid element. When he did so, a cer tain garment, which is considered here, at all events, as an essential article of mas culine clothing, was nowhere to bo found, and the plight of the unfortunate may be imagined. The lady of the household, who was taking a siesta at the time, secured her door when tho tumult arose, and had to be forcibly dragged out. After a time the brigades arrived, and the house in which the couple were was saved, butthe adjoining place waa consumed. ( After long waiting Mr Merry has got his ease before the Court. He was, it will be remembered, one of a firm of railway contractors who had to do with the con struction of the Geelong railway maDy years ago, and between whom aud the Go vernment there was litigation, which was ultimately settled. The object of Mr Merry's suit is to set aside this settlement,", upon the ground that it was fraudulent and collusive as against him. He alleges that the Government agreed by( a secret document, now in their possession, to pay him the sum of £120,000 on the occur rence of certain events, which have hap pened, and it is this sum which he claims to receive. The Government demur to the bill on the ground that the questions at issue have been all settled: ' Arguments upon the demurrer were heard to-day be-, fore Mr Justice Molesworth. Mr C. Stewart, Inspector of Mines at* Ballarat, has been granted: afortnight's' leave of absences on account of ill-health. Mr Stewart's efforts.to rescue the men in theNew Australian mine, at Oreswick,' will still be remembered^ and it appears that his sickness, which; compels him taking leave of absence, has' beenj .caused by the foul air in the mine. , Mr H. B. Nicholas will perform Mr Stewart's - du ties. ".">T Mr Webster, warden at Inglewood,' in his monthly report, states that consider 'able progress has been made in'^his1 dis~ trict, and, though qo good results have as yet been produced,'ho believes that,in a ! short time he will bo able to report fa vorably. Mr Heron, , the warden at iSteiglitz, reports that no material change I has taken place, but that the prospects ,are very good. He believeB that, if the '.district is properly prospected, i it will [once more bo an important goldfield. Mr ■Smith, reporting from . Alexandra'•'and Upper Goul'mrn, says that none of the claims have li id payable yields. The charge against Michael Dunne and Henry Malcolm, of assaulting Eva Gilli land, with intent to commit a capital offence upon her, was investigated at the City Police Court to-day. Thepiosecutrix, who is a married woman, living off Simp son's road, Collingwood, stated that on Saturday, January 27tli, she left home at about 8 o'clock to look for a friend, who, she thought, was living at Emerald Hill. When she got there she found that the friend had gone, and returned to town about half-past 11, by a cab which put | her down at the Fish Market. There was a cab standing at the corner of Swanston "and Flinders-streets, and she asked' the ! cabman, Michael Dunne, whero he was going. He replied, " Anywhere." She asked him if ho would drive her home to Simpson's road, and he said he would do so for a shilling. A gentleman named Scott at the same time asked the cabman to drive him to Kew, and the cabman agreed to do so for 6s, the two passengers' routes lying in the same direction. Soon | afterwards, however, Dunne demanded 10s from his male fare. This the latter de clined to give, and was abused, upon which he departed. The cab then started, but as it did so Dunne got up in the back, another man driving. The woman found she was being driven in the wrong direc tion, and complained to Dunne. He, upon being appealed to, put his arms round her waist and behaved in. a grossly j improper manner. Sho threatened to jump out if she broke her neck in doing so, and screamed "murder" and "police." Dunne caught her by the throat, and told the other man to drive to the cemetery, as alio could there scream out as much as she liked. Fortunately, the attention of the Carlton police was attracted, and Con stables Doyle and Hargrave3 secured Dunne. Attempts wore made, but un successfully, to shake the evidence of the prosecutrix, and both men were committed for trial. The following tender was accepted by the Education Department to-day :—Ad ditions to teacher's quarters, Briagolong, Samuel Whitmore, £142. A little time ago 1 mentioned that the Lands Department asked tho Borough Council of Warrnambool to take a poll on the disputed cattle market site. It ap pears that the Council are afraid of defeat, so have of their own accord selected Rag lan Parade and the corner of the Allans ford road as the two best sites. They have now asked the Minister of Lands to sanction the former site, but he has re fused, and insists on the poll being taken. The Education Department has also protested against the Raglan Parade site in consequence of its contiguity to a State school. Tho Gippsland people wanted to give the township at tho entrance'of the Lakes some good name. Up to the present it has been known as " Jemmirs Point," but j they have now decided to call it Kalimna, which in the language of the blackfellow means "beautiful." The christening of this " Beautiful" township is to be an nounced in the next Gazette. Mr Bolam has not quite recovered from the shock he sustained by Mr Wilson Brown telling him that he should not have made so much of the Harris case as he did. To fully recuperate himself, and to enable him to obtain once more that calmness of disposition ho had be fore tho "tiff," Mr Bolara has applied for and obtained another weok's leave of ab sence. Mr Brown, I believe, objects strongly to Mr Bolam finding out all these cases and making them public, as, in his opinion, it only " fouls their own nest," while, on the other hand, Mr Bolam thinks that immoral schoolmasters should be made a public example of, and not spared in the least degree. I think the public will agree with the latter opinion. Amongst tho criminals sentenced to a term of imprisonment at the General Sessions to-day was a young fellow, named John Dunn, who had pleaded guilty to two charges of horse-stealing. After sentence had been pronounced he complained to the judge that Mr Turner, to whom he paid £6 6s to engage counsel, had done nothing more than appear for liim "at the St. Hilda Police Court, and ho wished, as no barrister had been retained for him, to get tho balance back. His Honor said he could do nothing, and his only remedy would be to sue him. What a pity that the British soldier should sometimes so sadly forget himself | when free from authority. The other day a policeman found a man misconducting j himself in one of the public gardens, and brought him before the court. His great height and erect bearing attracted atten tion, and it was ascertained from his | own lips chat ho had fought under General Roberts in the. Afghan war, and been wounded; A fine of 40s was imposed. : The following horses , have been scratched to-day for the Australian Cup and Newmarket HandicapAustra lian Cup : Taper, Calm, Lothair, Santa Claus, Essex, The Drummer, Lord BuTghley. Newmarket Handicap—Baron Yon Mueller, Sardonyx, Calm, Chatterer, Declaration, Rooftree, Lothair, Bri tisher, Lord of Clyde, Euclid, Odd Trick, Musidora, Mameluke, Yerdure, Ghost, Morpeth, "Wallon, Cre3wick, Silver Arrow. The Adelaide scratchings, if any, had not como to hand at the time of writing. 1 Mr Cook has retired in favor of Pro fessor" Pearson, for East Bourke bo roughs. Mr Reid, at a meeting "of Fitzroy libe rals to-night, was selected by a large majority. 