SQUATTING IN VICTORIA * /ny addition to Australian literature is always, to a certain extent, a literary event, and Mr. Curr's charmingly written "Recol lections of Squatting Life in Victoria" will be perused with pleasure by all those who feel an interest iu the early days of the settlement of the colonies. In the opening chapters the author gives a description of Melbourne in 1839, with its three little inns hear the landing-place of the Yarra Yarra. At that time " in most of the streets stump3 were plentiful, and in all but on i or two trees were occasionally to be met with; whilst by no stretch of the imagination could the limits of the town he said to extend beyond the area enclosed by William- street, Lons dalc-street, Swanston-strcct. aud Flinders street." The squatters at t ut time were regarded as men wi.o could not exist without their hoises, and who wore habitually HeEsian boots and spurs, cf which it was un certain whether the wearer ever divested himself. .The mania for land speculation and auction sales, at which the principal feature was a champagne lunch, are graphically treated, and the quaint old bellman is thus described: -- " Monnted on an old white horse, this grey-haired old man might be Been daily perambulating the streets be tween the hours of 9 aud 12 a.m., ringing a bell, aud carrying a red flag elovated on a staff a few feet above his head, on which appeared in large letters the word 'Auctionwhilst two boards, on which were poBted bills of the sale to which the old man drew attention, dangled at his back and chest. As he rode down Collins-street I often noticed that the board which was in frobt'rested on "the poinmelof the saddle, hnd coming under the rider's chin elevated his line of vision far above the horizon. As he could see little of what was passing around him, and hear nothing for the noise made by his bell, his look naturally became abstracted if not. solemn. Somehow this old man, always gazing upwards, apparently at some distant hills, with banner upreared and locks floating in the wind, has become. mixed up in my tnind with Longfellow's Alpine hero—whimsically and improperly enough I admit—and when 1 think cf him, the poet's verses seem to vary into something of this sort— Onward the old man sparred his horse, Adown the street he took hts course, Bearing a banner with strange device, £e town allotments at a price. Excelsior." In travelling to a sheep run purchased at auction by his father the author stopped at a bush inn, and among its occupants he ob served a man whose behaviour was so singular as to excite his cariosity. Upon enquiring he found that the man's brother, a stockman, had died not long before, leaving a young widow and a child behind him, the former of whom after bemoaning her loss with great constancy for six weeks, had at length dried her tears and consented to become the wife of her brother-in-law. In consequence of this arrangement the young widow hodstarted for town with the proprietor of the station, who had obligingly offered her a seat in his dog-cart, the bridegroom-eleot having to meet her at Church two or three days later. In the meantime it appears that the capricious fair one was wooed by her master on the road down, and wedded forthwith on their arrival in town; and was on her return to the station in ail the glories of a new bonnet and husband, when the pair met the discarded lover face to face at the inn-door, who, in ignorance of what had occurred, had just been experiencing that delicate badinage to which " happy men" have been victims for time immemorial. The run, of course, turns ont to be very different from the description given by the auctioneer, and the purchaser is disgusted to find on his arrival that his cheap purchase was, in fact, a very bad one; that the sheep, principally old ewes, were of poor quality, badly scabbed, and suffering from the loot rot, and the run itself was as bad as conld be. However, the yonng man settled dili gently to work, and without the slightest knowledge of sheep- farmingproceededtolearn the business. By dint of perseverance, economy, and Bound judgment, after one or two removals prospects brightened consider ably, and a good share of success came to crown Li'b efforts. Among the most interesting chapters are those which' Mr. Cnrr has' devoted to a de scription of the aboriginals by whom he was surrounded. His black neighbours were of the Bangerang tribe, and the description of their manners and customs is highly inte resting and sufficiently elaborate to render it clear and lucid. An account of a corrobcree is faithfully given, and the writer seems to have pained a good insight into the customs pertaining to their social life. He induced a btackfellow to build hiin a canoe, and thus describes the process of manufacture " The tree chosen (an old river gum of about twenty feet in circumference), a few notches were cnt with the tomahawk, one above the other, in its bark, jost outside of what was to be its edge or gunwale of the canoe. The operator having then roughly marked out on the tree the lines of his vessel, commenced cutting the bark along them with bis tomahawk down to the wood, srt afl fn frnm t.Via an nnhrnlrAn sheet of bark, which wonld be the canoe. To effect this, the tree was ascended gradually by placing the big toe in the notches before mentioned, which were uBed as steps, the blackfellow holding on with one hand and one heel, whilst he plied the tomahawk with the other hand. The bark thus entail round, it only remained to detach it from the tree, to which it still adhered. This was effected by hammering the future canoe gently with the butt of the tomahawk, and by forcing the end of a pole here and there nnder the edges of the bark and prizing steadily. Gradually in this manner it was detached from the tree." A real ghost story, which will be relished by the lovers of the supernatural, forms a portion of a chapter descriptive of a deserted camp which was discovered by the author and his brother. Speaking of the social relations of the Ban gerangs, Mr. Curr says:—"Prior to the coming of the whites, the Bangerangs. as a rule, enforced constancy on the part of their wives and chastity on their unmarried daughters. A number of well-established customs lent their aid to this purpose; thus a woman never sat in a mia-mia in which there was a man, save her husband. She neither conversed nor ex changed words with any man Bave in the absence of her husband and iu reply to some necessary questions. If a man required to ask a woman a question he did so from a dis tance and in a loud voice, so as to bs heard by every one. _ Girls, as a rule, were pro mised in marriage in infancy, espoused at twelve years of age, aad became mothers at sixteen. Until married they lived in their father's mia-mia, from which their brothers of eight or ten years of age were excluded at night. They had no com munication with persons of the op posite sex, erceot little boys. The women were considerably smaller in proportion to the men than amongst Europeans. . . . Like the men, the women had the septum of the nose jiierced, and the arms and chest ornamented to Bome extent with raised scars. The principal duties which fell to the share of the women in domestic life were to provide the daily supply of wild roots and vegetables, of which the food of the Bangerangs in a great measure consisted. It was their business also to transport the children from place to place in their constant v anderings ; tne men carried their arms and personal effects. Frogs, and the small fish caught in nets, were provided by the women and children." Mr. Cnrr is of the opinion that the mental and intellectual characteristics of the abori ginal is capable of successful cultivation, and that although his mind is confined to few ideas, and those of a low class; with a language deficient in collective and abstract terms; without history, almost bereft of tradition; with bat few vague ideas of a Supreme Being, he has within biro a latent capacity which simply requires development to place it on an equality with the white man. A singular proof of the paucity of their lan guage is that they have but two nunsrals. Three is expressed by one, two; four by two, two, and so on. " Frequently, however, ap pointments to meet at certain places, at some period within the limits of seventeen daysor so, were arranged in the following wanner:—The person who wished to fix: the. day of meeting used to take hold of his left ear and. say jan-jati, and that was the first day; he then put the fore finger of his right hand on - his collar • bone, saying krvk - krvk, and that was the second day; and in this way he went on placing it on his left shoulder above the muscle of his arm; below that muscle; and then on two spots between the elbow and the wrist; and tSen on the wrist and on each finger of the right hand: each Bpot on which he placed his finger and each finger held lip, having its particular desig nation, representing a da;." Stirring accounts oi kangarco-hnnts, emu stalking, and dog-shooting, add zest to the narrative. Altogether, the book is as fall of interest as a volume can conveniently be. It abounds in anecdotes, accounts of abori ginal sports and fights, and the bush wanderings and trials of the early settlers. To the old Australian it will revive inci dents associated with his early experience in the bush, while the "new chum" can not lail to be pleased and edified by the phases of life which are so vividly depicted. The typographical appearance of the book is to be commended, and would be really creditable to any publishing house in any part of the world. 