SUNDAY READING. The Spirit Striving in Vain. Br THE Vebt Rbv. it. Law, M.A., Draw op Glouckstkb. "My Spirit shall notalwayn ntrivo with mim." Gen. yi., 3. |^lRIGHTFUL was the havoc wrought by j am s entrance! Its scythe laid low all inward godliness. Its poison tainted the whole man. Evil seized theruddorof the vessel, and steered it far from God. Vile passions took the sway. Earth became a dark downward road to boll. But still the devil was not thoroughly triumphant. Some power was s?on found to counteract. Barriers beat back the flood of wickedness. The sweeping hurricane was restrained. The world was not unchecked rebellion. Some captives were wholly rescued from the tyrant's grasp. Some souls burst from the tomb. They put off the grave cloths. They went forth new beings with new life. In surrounding darkness, Abel had sight to see 1 redemption's path. Amid a stumbling crowd, Enoch had strength to walk with God. In other cases, evil was checked—but rot subdued : i enmity was shackled—but not removed: con Bciencewas roused—but not enlightened: con victions troubled—but no conversions followed. This counteracting ngent was God the Holy Spirit. From tho beginning He worked mightily. Creation's morn witnessed hi* going forth. When earth was formless—void—dark —an unsightly chaos—a shapeless mass,1 the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters :' Gen. i, 2. Then lovely order smiled, and robes of beauty decked this lower world. 1 By the Word of the Lord were the heavens made, and all tho host of them by tlie breath of his mouthPsa. xxxiii,6. 'By his Spirit he hath garnished the heavens:' Job. xxvi, 13. The flrmamontobeyedbis bidding, and sparkled with its canopy of orbs. But these material wonders aro but faint, shadows of his inward power. The soul is tho theatre of his grand exploits. Here he sows seed for harvests infinite—eternal. But his interior dealings are wrapt in deepest mystery. The modes of acting differ. * Tho wind bloweth where it listeth :' John iii, 8. Sometimes it rushes with the storm's furious force. Some times it sighs softly, as a summer breeze. Dis similar, too, are the results. There are His special conquests There are his common calls. 8omo men are his glorious trophies. Others aro beacons warning not to resist his love. These diverse cases claim our notice. Holy Spirit, come, now reveal Thyself I There aro the heirs of life. God in eternal counsels marked them as his own. Tho Son received thom, as his bride—bis. body—his portion—liis jewels—his delight. Tho Spirit knows them well. In right time, and in best way, ho works his wonders in them. He finds them indeed, like other meq, steeped in c erup tion—moulded in ovil—alien from God—blind in understanding—hardened in heart—Satan's willing slaves—wanderers in destruction's road —journeying without thought towards sin's last home. By heavenly rays ho dissipates their darkness. He gives them oyes to sec the beauty—the extent—tho glory of the wondrous law. He reveals God and his attributes—God and his just demands. He implants tho sense of terrible transgression. The sinner trembles and is full of shamo. IIo feels that countless I sins doom him to eternal wrath. Then whole somo thoughts bud forth, Ah I whither can I flv? Is thoro no refuge? Am I forever lost? Must I reap endlessly tho dread fruits of my earthly conrso ? Is hell my hopeless homo ? Happy the day,'which witnesses the*o inward ; throes ! Nature never sows such seed. Their | origin is always one. Thoy are from heaven. They aro inwrought bv the Spirit's power. But when the Spirit thus slays pride, and , chases ignorance away, and leads into the vale 1 of deep humiliation, the way is open for reviv ing visitsl He raises from tins miry clay. He uplifts to a solid rock. He shows God's pur- j pose of redemption. He tells the story of love, and grace, and mercy. Christ is revealed, ready to uodertako the rescue—powerful to acliievo it. The coming to our earlli in human nature—tho .cup of suffering emptied to its dregs—the blood, and all i*s cleansing power— the cross, and all its expiating virt ue—the death, and all its ransoming effects—tho sin-bearer, and His surety-agony—the curse-remover, and His liberating pains—the law-fulfiller, and the transfer nf His righteousness -pass in review before adoring gaze. Tho J contrite sinner looks—wonders • believes. He sees Christ—nil mighty to save—all willingness to welcome. Subdued—melted—attracted—lieveiituresnear, and nearer yet. stays not, till he falls into salvation's arms. He sits down under Christ's shadow with great, delight. He is persuaded, that, sins are remitted—pardon conferred—God reconciled—heaven secured. Happy, glorious work! It is the Spirit's doing. He effects it in full accordance with eternal counsels. Ho, who thus begin*, carries on tho spiritual building to the glorioup lop- stone. Ho con stantly makes fuller—larger - richer—move glowing, more enchanting revelations of the Lord. The soul gazes more intently. And as it gazes, it joys the more, and loves the more, j and brightens into divine re cmblance. The1 mind is changed into tho mind or ChrUt. Tho new man is put on, * which after God is eroded i in righteousness mid tnielioliuess;' Kph. i\\\2t I Thus as the title-deeds-to heaven aro more i clearly read and nu>re devoutly prized, meetness I for it ripens. The Spirit's daily visits daily J olovuto the walk. lie is a guoat flighty to warn—to teacli—to guide—to cleaneo—to purify —l.o Minelify—to chcor—lo bless. In loving arms he safely bears the happy paint above the billows of earth's stormy voyage. He guards him from the tempter's wily snares .At last ho lands bim in the haven of pure peace -the home of many mansions—the blessed Paradise of the saved. He gloriously prevails. He goes on conquering, till crowns of life encircle the Christian warrior's head. TIiub every saved soul shines for ever a monument of calling— enabling—sanctifying grace. Ihey, who enter heaven, are born again by the Spirit's renovat ing power, and brought to Jesus byhis conquer ing arm. He mightly commences, prosecutes, and ends the work., Omnipotence ceases not its marvels, till victory tramples down each foe. Every pilgrim Sainton earth, and every glorified saint above, is evidence of these sovereign triumphs. Hallelujah to the Fathor! Hallelujah to the Son 1 Hallelujah to the Holy Ghost 1 But all are not thus graciously subdued. Earth is thronged by multitudes, strangers to Jesus—never fleeing to his cross—never sprinkled with His blood. Hardened they live. Hardened they die. Is it then true, that the Spirit never knooks at their hearts' door? Have tlicy no outward warning and no inward check? Are thero no gleams from above, end ing only in darker darkness, and more aggra vated woe ? Let it be repeated, that this mystery is deep. But Scripture is not silent her?. And Scrip ture's voico is always echoed by experience. The word is full of leaching, 'My Spirit shall not always strive with man.*,. It is a fact, then, that He sometimes strives for a while, and cease). He approaches, and withdraws He comes again. Admission is denied. Yisits bcome more rare, and then are discontinued The knocks' unanswered, faintly return, and ultimately die away. Inward stillness is no more disturbed. The soul sleeps on, and dreams into perdition. It was so with the ungodly of the old world. The Spirit is the same in ages past, present, and to come He strovo not always in those wretched days. He strives not always now. But still ho strove before the flood. What was his mode of dealing ? Annals are brief. But yet they give some glimpses. He gave loud testimony. He sent forth the thrilling note of truth. He raised up preachers to warn and call. There was Enoch. His trumpet gave no doubtful sound. With words clear as the very light, and awful as the thunder's roar, ho told of coming judgment—and earth's final scene—and vengeance to the uttermost. There was Noah. He stands on a high pedestal, as a 1 Preacher of Righteousness.' His theme then would unfold our gracious God—glorious in justice—holy in his claims—and yet providing a covering for the sinner—a garment meet for heaven. Through many years ho waved on high the Gospel-torch. In all these warnings and displays of saving love the Spirit put forth energy. Who can tell, wh*t frequent terrors shook the hearers! How often the breast sighed—the heart quaked—the tears streamed; how again and again sin was seen as the worst foe, and vows were formed to quit it. But the emotions were evanescent. The preacher ceased, and with his voice conscience resumed its stupor. The old allurements came. The Spirit was no more heeded. Impressions were obliterated. They were as words written on the sand. The coming tide effaced the whole. At last the heart became a very rock. Wove upon wave might now pass over it, wind after wind might now beat on it. But it con'inued rock. The Spirit ceased to strive. 1 My Spirit shall not always strive wbh man.* This appalling truth was thu9 appallingly exemplified. Header, contemplate the fact. The mirror may reflect your state. Dealings with your spirit are patent only to yourself. Your heart is hidden from your reighbour's view. No other eye can read these solemn secrets. But yon may. bo conscious tluit frequently a voice has spoken in the inner chamber of your thoughts. You may well know that an unsecu hand has sometimes' touched you. Perhaps in the sanctuary, when men of God' have deoply probed your shrinking mind —and told of sin's sure end—of judgment near—of hell beyond—of flame!?, which never die—of worms, which ever gnaw—in terror you have ro*olved, that wrath's tremendous thunderbolt* should never fall on you. But the fear lasted not. As the csrly dow it pis?od away. You still aro what you have long been. You cannot, forget the inward struggle. It ceased. It may return no more. ' My Spirit shall not ahvavs strive.' Perhaps when from the pulpit-throne Jesus lias been most lovingly displayed—when in persuasive testimony he seemed to come a very suppliant to your heart's door—when nil his grace, and gentleness, and love, beamed beauteously before your eyes—then meltings within have moved, and your soul has spread its wings to fly with rapture to his ready arms. But you delayed. The hardening world again surrounded you with entangling chain*. The warmth expired. You fell back into dendr.ess An attracting Saviour receded from your view. Your dim eyes closed on Salvation's glory. Will they seo the lustre of that, light again? 4 My Spirit shall 'ofc always strive.' There may hare been times, when thundering Frovidonco shook, as with earthquake-shock, the caverns of your slmnboritig soul. Some vast citastrophe, sweeping with relentless swoop multitudes iuto fho unseen world—some Herniating malady, stalking with death's sevtho through the affrighted land—s»me sudden stroke, felling in life's prime a relative or friend —some strong disease, seizing with iron grasp your tottering frame—some loss of property, bringing chiirpenury to sit beside you—some blighted scheme presenting van with disap pointment's cup—some cruel slander, casting foul blight upon the f:urne.*s of your name; these, or the like calamities, may have revealed the world's deceptive empti ness. Awaking from sleep, you have resolved to rise above such fleeting scene. Weary of vanities—alivo to peril—your thoughts haTO turned to lasting joys and safety in the only Saviour. You arc conecious, that the call wa» loud—was heard—was almost obeyed. But you paused. Earth's arts again put forth their witcheries. You are as far from Christ as ever. Will like visitations visit you again? 'My Spirit shall not always strive.' Perhaps your eye rested on some Bible-word, or pursuing texts haunted your cars. Unwonted light shone round you. Truth spake In new and most convincing force. Time seemed to vanish. Eternity stared you in the face. Gigantic realities appeared gigantically real. You felt the duty and the wisdom of immediate change. Bnt before you turned, some snare entrapped you. You are still unchanged. Will your Bible thus speak again? 'My Spirit shall not always strive.1 Perhaps some friend in pions earnestness grasped your hand, and reasoned and implored. You confessed, 'My course is wrong; I have no present peace; I dread the future; I hear of Je»us, and joy and peace in Him. I will arise and seek Bim.' But no. You loitered in the world's foul ground. The opportunity was lost. Ho one seems now to care for you. Will friendly calls again call you? 'My Spirit shall not always strive.1 Header, do you in these s&d; lines discern your very picture? Does comcience herein perceive a pathway trodden by your hardening soul ? Then listen to a solemn note. . It may be another and a conquering visit from the Spirit. - It would be murderous cruelty to conceal that you are tottering on deduction's brink. You see there is a period in the downward course, when warnings 'warn no more. The word, now ringing in your eer?, proclaims, 'My Spirit Bhall not always strive with man.1' You have heard, too, of a 'reprobate mind.' This is no unmeaning sound —to shadow of an unreal form—no figment of imaginary woe—no term invented to give groundless terror* It is a sad description of a sadder state. It is the dea'liful blight of the out-poured ciirse. It is the midnight darkness of a soul drifted to realms uncheered by any Gospel ray. Tremble, awake. There is, too, a decree, which locks up in hopeles ness—which paralyzes all the mains of grace—which freezes all the streams of feeling —which chokes all the avenues of impression— which rivets the chains of Satan. God from Bis high, throne may pronounce, 'Let him alone.1 'Ephraim is joined to idols; let him a'one :* Hos. iv, 17. Then the final curtein falls. Judicial deaf ness supervenes. The hardness cannot melt. Analyse the dread decree. It blocks up all the channels through which saving mercy flows. ' Let him alone,1 my ministers. When you set forth the Saviour's lore—and all the glories of his finished work—and all the pardon purchased by his blood—and all the peace of faith—and all the happiness of heaven: " let him slone.1 Let all be dark before his eyes. ! Let no sound pierce the deep grave of liis soul. | Hearing, let him not hear. I ' Let him alone,1 my Bible. When his eye rests on brightest texts, inviting to the cross— t warning of hell—depicting the eternal world— showing the ransomed with their harps of gold —unfolding the realms of agony • let the page be a vacant blank. Let every word be as a skeleton, breithing no life. ' Let him alone.1 ' Let him alone,1 my providences If the whole universe were,, eqnvuhed with earth quakes—hurricane*—appalling terrors—deso lating plagues, let him look on unmoved. Let him stand hardened by the open grave. Let him lie hardened on. the bed of pain. Let things most adverse, things mp*st prosperous, be alike to him. Amorg them all, let his rocky heart become more adamantine. ' Let him | alone.1 ' Let him alone,1 my Son. Yon are all love —all grace—all mercy. Bat love murfc not love liim. Grace mast not look savingly on him. | Mercy mast not yearn ten derly over him. Your | blood must not cleanse bim.> Your cross is not i for liim a shelter. Your righteousness is not his robe. You havo knocked often at his heart. Knook no more. ' Let him alone.1 ' Let him alone,1 my Spirit... It is your pro perty to bestow grace. It is your province to convince of sin. It is your prerogative to reveal Jesus. It is your glorious office to minister salvation. But leave Mm graceless. Break not his fetters. Give no sight of Jesui. You have striven often. Strive no'more. 'Let him alone.1 Header what a Beacon you havo here! Do you tremble ? Then the decree" has not im prisoned you up in condemnation. Be wise, nod never trifle more. Heed every whi«pcr of the Spirit. When He warns, turn. When He teaches, drink deeply of the lesson. When He calls, hasten with all speed. Quench not the first spark of His light. Never neglect His gentlest voice. Never resist His mildest draw ing. Watch Him with intent gaze. Follow Him with instant step. Yield to Him full obedience. Ho leads from sin—from self— to Jesus and to heaven. Holy Spirit! seal for glory all readers of this warning! 