ROBBING PETER TO PAY PAUL. BY JOHN SAUNDERS, Author of " Hirell, or, Lovo Born of Strife," " Abel Drake's Wife," "Israel Mori;, Over, man," &c.;, &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter IV.—Ait Untimely Illness. " It is all very charming, my good Richards. I see nothing to alter or improve. On the con trary, it appears to me you are not content with fulfilling my wishes, but you go beyond them. I thank you." So said the countess, even while her face was pale, her form languid, her step hesitating mad unsafe through the unwonted fatigue and excitement of the day. Richards noted the " change] and could not but observe— " I fear your ladyship is doing too much." " I d£> feel tired! Faint 1 A chair!" As he brought it,,and she sat down in evi dent alarm, she cried, almost passionately— vi'ASr!, Air! There seems none in the place!" •W"'Thp window is wide open, my lady, I will also*pen the hall door." ""Thdjt should give me new life," she said, " faintly," as she felt the draught of sweet air thus produced. It revived her; and rising and taking the steward's arm, she slowly withdrew to her own favorite room, telling Richards to say nothing to anyone about this passing attack; and to malgv-ixcnseB for her it nece3saiy to prevent Mr. Stephens coming till she should be quite recovered. A few'minutes after, while the two servants in waiting were eDgngedin a hot discussion as to the best horse for betting on in a coming race, the countess's bell was rung. • • One of the footmen moved leisurely a few steps to answer it, and returned to give his companion a strong warning against the horse' he had chosen, bat started as if eleotriOed by the renewed sounds of the .bell, pulled with great and inexplicable violence, if it wa3 in deed the countess who summoned. As he hurries up the staircase the bell sounds once more, and so clamorously that the other servant in waiting shuts up his betting-book, forgets his favorite horse and his many speculative bets upon it, and rushes np after his comrade; while the other ser vants, and the florist's men, who had been hospitably treated, came floeking in to see what was the matter. Presently, Richards, a grave-faced man at all times, hut looking now as if he had just been In communion with a ghost, comes from tho countess; slowly descending the stairs (he is a man who never does anything fast, even to run from danger to himself, which he must havs time to realise), and standing on the bottom step, beckons to those of the florist's men who are near, and says to them, as if the matter were of no sort of consequence so far as they were concerned— 41 The countess is ill. I am going to coun termand the invitations. Take back every thing you have brought without a moment's loss of time. Our people will help." "Waiting only till he saw " our people " were helping with might and main, he withdrew to execute his task, an embarrassing and diffi cult one to the last degree,- considering the shortness of the notice, the quality of the in vited guests, and . the distance to be gone over by his messengers, who comprised pretty well every male servant of the family in and out of the house who could readily be found. The two lackeys, who had in succession gone to answer the bell, now met in the hall. " I'm off for the doctor!" whispered one. "And I for the lawyer!" said the other, Jeames, the servant whose legs and com plexion had been so unappreciatingly dealt with. And then, as if he could not, even under such circumstances, repress the joke he was big witb, on account of the disappointment in store for the guests, he added, putting his mouth to the listener's ear— " I'm to go from the lawyer's to the Duke of Doddington's!" This was Jeames's plea sant way of satirising the habits of the Duke of Doddington. "I'm to put him off. He won't like it, will he ? Eh ? He seldom comes out now—too old—but when he says he will come, he don't understand being told he musn't! Eh 1 And when he does, it's, such fun to see how he looks down at his feet to know where they are going! And he's obliged to take my arm to make sure he and .they ain'c going to part; company. Ha! ha! ha! Stnpid old duffer! He has never onee tipped me for all the harm I've kept him out of. Well, anyhow, he won't be here to night !" > And with that note of exultation Jeames went to fulfil the commissions entrusted to him. ; 