The Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting. Br "Beaoon." A b the weather at this period of the year is always of an uncertain obsraoter, the patrons of the Melbourne Hunt Club may be deemed to have been most fortunate in hav- ing such a pleasant afternoon on whioh to hold their annual May meeting, as the weather on Thursday last could scarcely have been more to their wishes. Indeed, it may be said that for this period of the year it was an exceptionally fine day, a bracing air taking the place of that cold, keen, penetrating wind which sometimes blows at Fiemington with remorseless severity. It must be admitted that there was a very satisfactory attend ance without being a large one, sumoient, in all probability, to ensure the club against loss, and this is a matter of the first con sideration. There were not many ladies in the stand, consequently the lawn could not be expected to be muoh in favour ; neverthe less the stand was well filled, and there was a good muster in the saddling paddock, the deficienoy being more observable on the hill and the flat than on any part of the ground. The levde and review claimed the presence of bis Excellency the Governor, a circum stance always regretted, as his Excellenoy is both a staunch and true supporter of all legitimate racing. Now, as to the raring, it probably would be condemned by the losers, and extolled by the winners. It is invariably the case ; therefore do I say the public cannot be accepted as impartial judges on this head. No one can eaj that there was not some very fine racing at least. The field in the opening race of tllG dflv. fll ITlirHI Pkm L-anl U'aII InnatliAi. for a considerable distance. The two handi caps furniebed decidedly good eport, while a closer finish than that which too plucc in the Corinthian Race, or a more interesting Stceplecliaso, has seldom been chronicled. Wild Harry, from the Western District, was served up a very hot favourite for IheHurdlc Race, a position it is rather difficult to justify on any previous performance. The race showed, too, that he js scarcely clever enough to be trusted with any grave responsibility. Merry Maid and Sloruibird were in excellent condition ; indeed, it is long since the latter displayed such excellent form. Merry Maid is not a weight carrier, and 10st. is an exces sive burden for her to carry, and those who watched the race must have seen that the gelding held her safe throughout the journey. The other competitors are still more moderate animals. Verdure, Castaway, and Queen Mary were made the favourites for the Queen'sBirthday Stakes; then cameSquircen, who obtained a place, the three favourites being easily beaten. Bonny Bee was thought a dealof by the Albury stable, Castaway being, in their estimation, their worst op ponent. Egcrton was a little backed, al though the owner was by no means sanguine. His owner w&b; neither present nor did he send any commission into the market. Some exoep - tion was taken to the time, lmin. lGsecs. If it is correct then it stands as one of the i races run on the course over this distance. Welcome Jack, who rsu secoud under 9et. Gib., has furnished into a remarkably band- some horse. From his stout and robust appearance it was not expected tbat ho would occupy such a prominent position at the finish, tho result going to show that he is what was asserted of him two years ago, viz., a long way removed from the common order. As yet nothing can bo eaid of his merit over long distances, but that he is most brilliant over short courses none will dispute. Squireen has shown great con sistency in all his races since he acquired condition, and in this eon of the obeoure Sgniro his cwn-r ha an honoaf, u>»Ful littio horse. That Alhambra was over-weighted in the Steeplechase was the opinion expressed in these columns prior to the race, and that wc did not incliae to Vsulter is due to the truant and shifty way he tried to decline his fences at Geelong, The Miners, and at Canlfiold. The snaffle, however, 1ms been made to give way to the hit and bridoon, which, together with the mastery Scobie has acquired over him, makes Vaulter a very dif ferent horse to the one we previously recog nised, and it is 'probable be is only com mencing what may be a prosperous career. Albambra was quite outpaced when he fell, and his defeat would certainly have followed bad he stood up ; a good, game little horse though he be, he is too small to carry eleven etonc. Black Jacket ran an excellent race, but the others met with various mishaps, Liddington, The Ghost, and King Charles furnished a grand finish for tho Corinthian Fiat Race. Unfortunately the wrong numbers were exposed in this inetance, which caused the backers of the last name to cavil at the decision, although there is no reason to suppose that the verdict was Dot in accordance with fact. Still there it remains for disappointed backersto dispute. Lidding- ton's success caused him to be made first favourite for the Selling Race, being very freely backed. It, however, seemed to escape them that Liddington was asked to concede 271b. to an acknowledged speedy boree of a year younger over the shorLest of courses. The result was an easy victory for Anagram. Chloris was served up Tery warm for the Flying Stakes, although the stable did not ecem to entertain the same exalted opinion of her. At the finish there were only three horses in tho race, and the favourite was not of the number, Squireen winning clererly by a length. Cocssr obtain ing the second place in front of Sir Charles, whoso stable were more hopeful than eaoguine. The time given for this race, lmin. 3fsec., like the Birthday Handicap, re presents very fast work. 