THE :HAM>S OF \- -JUSTICE.,,.., BY F. W. ROBINSON. Author of "Grandmother's Money;" "Coward Conscience?1 "A Woman's Hansom;' "For Her Bake;" Ac., Ac. Fuhllshed by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved, BOOK THE SECOND—FIVE YEARS AFTERWARDS. * Chapter, XV.-—The Guests op the Farm, (Continued, i John Woodhatch regarded his visitor with close attention for an instant, then- he shrugged his shoulders, got np from his chair and laughed again." "You are the most "Uncharitable person I ever met, with any claim to. Christian charity," he said, ironically, "butthen you do not always mean what you say, Hester Brake, and so I forgive your hard words." " I have not asked your forgiveness," she said, abruptly, "and I am not compelled to admire Mrs. Chaddcrton, because you do, John."- • "Certainly not." " Morris never cared for her." " Very likely, poor fellow." "He said she was always watching him,' continued Hester. " She is a watchful woman, at -nil times. Why do you quote Morris 2" he asked. ' " Coming to this house bring3 back my thoughts of him," she replied. " Well, you must not be hard or unjust to her because he was," said Woodhatch, "and I want you to take my word that Mrs. Chad* derton is a worthy soul." i j" You think well of everybody," she said ' petulantly; "yon are so different from me." John Woodhatch moved slowly towards the open French window. , 23® "Whatfine: harvest weather this is,'*" he said, " I must look after my men now; I shall not be very long away." " One moment more. Whom have I mis understood— not taken to at fir st 2" she asked, reverting to his former insinuation, as though she set store by bis words, or they affected her by their injustice, ana were not easily forgotten. " Lucy Brake," he answered. "She told you so 2" "Yes." " She is mistaken. I like her." " That's well," said John Woodhatch; brightening; "that is how it should be, for the sake of Morris, who loved her very much." "It is you who are quoting Morris tome now. How is it he is in our mind3 so much to-day 2" she asked; "is it the visit here, the sad consciousness that he-left this house one night to his death 2" " Try and rest for a few.minutes," he said, evasively, "I spoke of Morris because you did. , I was unwise." " " I will try and rest then, I am detaining you." v - "If son require anything, touch that bell." . said Mr. Woodhatch; as he passed but of the window and along the garden ground, by way of a short cut to his fields, Miss Brake looked round as if for the bell he had indicated, looked very closely at the furniture of the room now, we pictures and . prints on the wall, the old stone china on the . mantelpiece, the Broadwood grand which had remained untouched , since Lucy Brake was there last—nearly five years ago—'and after this critical inspection she lay back in her chair, a languid, sad-faced woman, to whom life itself seemed a burden to bear. ~: The house was very still after the depar ture of John Woodhatcb, and she was very \- tired with her journey. Yesterday there had been great excitement for her and she hadlain "wide awake'&nd; staring" aU tbe long night afterwards; and in .the peace and rest of her new home- she could close'her eyes and fall asleep. It was far from a peaceful slumber; however, and disturbed even in that bright daytime by strange dreams, if one could judge by a low moaning, as of pain. A heavy sleep notwithstanding all this, and from which the opening of the door did not in any way arouse her. Mrs,Chadderton and Kitty Yanch had come into the room together—the former full of attention despite her stolidity of demeanor, and anxious that the younger visitor should reach the farm parlor again without losing her way along the corridor. " She is asleep," said Kitty, at first glance of her mistress. "You will not make any noise, please," she added to Mrs. Ohadderton; "she has had a very bad night," ; . - "I will take the keys from the cupboard yonder, and go," replied the housekeeper; and, having been adjured to caution, she went across the room in so perfectly noiseless a fashion that Kitty marvelled at the pro cess, Us she herself crept toa vacant chair op poBiie:Miss Brake. But Mrs. Ghadderton didnot go after.she had obtained the- keys and locked the cup board, lest her visitors should make free' with the contents, perhaps; on the contrary, she came to the back of Kitty's chair in the same ghost-gliding fashion, and touched her gently, on the shoulder. "Is she ill2" she asked, in a low voices • " No; she-te ohly tired?', •' "She looks like one at death's door;" Mrs, Chaddertoh added. " You should bo careful of her. Miss Yanch,? - . •> ^ " I hope I am„?.. "One cares, always for whatone loves;- and you love her very much, I am told." • -" Who told you 2" she whispered b abk,, " Mr. Woodhatch.has often spoken or her care for y on, and of how much you love her in return," she replied. iU IUUIUi OUO iO^fUOUt i"Has he? Yes, I love-her very much," said Kitty; " she has been everything- to me for the last five years of my life, and so God bless her for it." " God bless her for it,? echoed Sirs. Ghad derton ; 'and as Kitty looked towards herjbhe added, "Yes, youonght to say that, I-think. . What would you have been without her 2" Kitty stared now at: the housekeeper, and* felt her heart sink even at these words. : "Don't mind me; Miss,? said the' house keeper, "and don't tellMr. Woodhatchwhat I have said1. It is a rule'here to look away from the past, having lived it down." * "And your past, then?" asked. Kitty, wonderingly. - , , " Was in Bolter's Bents along, with all the. restofthem" she said. "Do you despise me very muchfor that, Miss Yanch ?" "Heaven forbid. Why should 12" asked' Kitt-y. " I thought you would not, but I thought I should like to tell you this, before any one else did, lest she," nodding to Miss Brake; " or Gregory Dorward should set you against me," -. . "Neither will try to do that," said Kitty, perhaps a little too confidently.;:" on the con trary, you seemed to despise me—to shrink away from me when I first saw-ybu," "I was ashamed, or flurried—I don't know" which; I——" "Hush! not so loud; you have awakehed. her. See i" : . . . - But Mrs. Ghadderton did not stop" to see, but went very swiftly from the room, as if afraid at present to meet' Miss-Brake's gaze, which, the instant after- the door had closed; was fixed upon Kate Yancb.. , "Have I been! asleep2? she asked. "I"did hear you come in." " *-rj$ •» you have been sound asleep," said Kitty, "Whi? has just left the room—Mr. Dor ward?" ,-r - - . . "Mrsi Chaac'erton." ; : V Where is she ijow? _ - "She has just left iSO. " Gome here and likv? Oj Kate," said Miss Brake, with evident excitom»?bfc " * _ 'j~ Kate Yaneh crossed-to: her."Ude, and bent, down hef'headto listen; as commanded. "I am here to watch her; I have brought you^o watoh her; too; and gain in'. some wayi-in any Way—if possible,' her ob£&' dence?' : ; r-:-;--: "But your manner'when—" ;; "Yes, yesjlkhow. I-was hot prepared," answered Miss Brake; hurriedly. take to you presently; buty ou must bealways on. guard too, Kitty, lest she cdeceive you in. -your turn. A terrible woman,-1 am sore." - «■; * "I hope nob Ithinknot?? ' - : '-j.\ " It is not to be all love-making at Farm Forlorn; remember';"' said' HestehBrake,. scornfully . "wearb ih the' house Whence1 Morm waa apirited away, and where his deathwasplanned?':: "Piay do not thinkUf tMs, Miss Heater? Not at this" time. ■? "This must alwaysybe to merahouse of shadow," she replied, "mad X have always avoidedit,' Buthe; brings me to it attest." "jobn Woodhatch?!'. " No; Morris?' - • ' ----- •' ; " OhlMissHester,MissHester 2" entreated .Kitl^;1"" YbUi-will:Hot '7brflod oh this hgain^1" not nowwhett-thereisa-prospectof happiness^ forme? Isit'fairt? - r - Hester Brake rested her, thin hand ron the soft dark braids of hair inclined towards her. "Youih is selfish, and-Ibve iamora, selfish ' than youth—andTHaveoutlived both Kitty, oh, so long, 1? she:murmnred %1*:therd,' I will: not .'.weary ypu -again. yet-, awhile. -1 only wtehed to warn you." 7 - :; f Of Mrs;.Ghadderton?!'1V ; ■' - . ' i *'•' " Yes. She knows who kiffed mj ;btothei;;i?: ; ^(TobeeontinuedLJ • .N , 