HOW THE CZAR IS CROWNED As the coronation is one of the most brilliant ceremonies in the world, the tollowmg description of it (from a Russian source) may bo read with interest The great ceremony has always Denn ni.rfn.m in me Uiiurch of the Holy Assumption, within the walls of the Kremlin at Mos' T'f The ?,rea<: Kremlin b an octagon plot of ground of many acres on a high elevation, surrounded by high wals and .fortifications, and contains four Crown palaces three cathedrals, the headquarters ot the Imperial Guards, the Governor's' residence, a university,' and a number of monasteries and nunneries. The an- pearanco of the Kremlin is very striking as the walls are white, the fortifications emerald green, the entrances rosetinted, and the roofs of the cathedrals gilded, the whole formiug a wonderful combination. I he coronation procession begins to form at the cavalry barracks four miles distant trom the ivremlm. Early in the day appointed for. the ceremony sixty heralds, mounted - on cream-colored horses and commanded by a master ot ceremonies appear before the gates of the barracks and blow a salvo upon which the colonel - of the reriment appears and asks what they want of him. ihe Czar commands thee follow me," is the answer, and the gates are thrown open and ihe regiment, which has been expecting the summons, gallops out and follows they heralds, they proceed to the barracks of the -Lancers, where the same thing takes place, then to the University, then to the Cathedral of St. Nicholas, where the c.ergy join the procession, then to the law courts, where the judges fall in, then to the head quarters of the marshals of the nobility, the staff officers, the several professions, the governors, the prelects, the deputations from every part of the empire, the trade guilds, &c.;, each body joining at a separate place, and all being summoned by the heralds, as in tbe ill case. The procession goes on swel- ling untu it reaches enormous proportions so much so that when the head of it arrives at the Kremlin the tail is still at the other end 'of the town. Arriving at ? ;emur'?iS galt,G \e7 find it closed. JLiie heralds then. blow their trumpets, and the commander of the citadel appears and demands what they want, to which the crowd replies " The Czar." » And what for A - asks the commander. " To crown him the most powerful of the powerful," is the reply, and the gates fly open. The Metropolians of Moscow, Kazan, Novgo- rod, and Kieff here head the procession, l- Putarions from every part of he empire, they advance to the palace and form ,n front of it. These deputations consist of Russians, Roumanians, Kirghiz Chinese, Mmgreiians, Bashkirs, Poles Georgians, Circassians, Calmucks, Ar- memans, Turkomans, Tartars, Esquimaux, Afghans, Bulgarians, Laplanders, Mon- gohans, Finns, Persians and Bokharians, all in their respective national costumes. The Metropohtains then advance and call upon the. Czar to. come forward, upon which he appears at the portico/dressed in tue uniform of a colonel of the Imperial Guards, with the Empress, dressed as a Russian peasant, on his arm. The instant the deputations are aware of the Imperial presence they kneel, and being asked bv the Czar what they want of "him the Metropolihan of Moscow replies that thev have been sent from far and wide to see their Czar anointed, so that they can return to their homes and assure those who sent them; that the Czar is verily the Lords anointed, and that. they may .obey none put him. Thence all proceed to he Cathedral of the Holy Assumption, the Czar and Czarina walking between the bishops and the' deputations. Arriving at Hiie; churcb, the Czar and wife are shown to ordinary thrones near tnose of the bishops, and the special service immediately begins. After the first Jesson is read the Metropolitans conduct the xl in pei or and Empress .0 a canopy of scarlet velvet richly embroided in gold, the principal figure being the rihublheaded ;eagle. IJnder the canopy is an elevated canopy . upon which are tits historical throne-.or the Czar Vladimie Monomague and an ordinary arm-chair for the Empress, also a table upon which, are the sceptre and crown Of Constantiues Moiiomachus, i a sword and a mantle of ermine. The nobles now advance from the south of the Cat hedral und surrounding the 4 platform draiv their swoads and place them at 'the feet of the Czar. The. Bishop of Kazan then asks the Emporor iu a loud voice: if he i- a true believer, to which he replies jading the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles . Creed, of the Greek Church Ihe Bishop next says : If there be any of you- here present knowing any impediment for which Ale- xanaer, sonof Alexander (or other.niime), should not be crowned by the grace' of God, rTT "f Vh.e liu58ias> of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod Czar ot Kazan of Astrakan, of Poland; !0f Sibenu, of Kberaon-Taurida, of Grousi- Gosoudat of Pskoff; Grand Duke: of Smolensk, oLLithuain, of Volhynia, of Podoha, and of Finland - Prince of Est- honia, of Livonia, of Couriand, of Semi- galia, of the Samoyedes, of Bielostok, oi Cprelia oUFoer,. of Ingor, of Perm, of Yiatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Couiitries in' Novgorod, of - Tchernigoff, of Riazan, of Polotrk, of Rostoff, of Jaroslaff, of Bieiosersk, of Oudork, of Obdorsk, of Kouinsk, of Vitelsk, of Mstilaff, and of all the countries of the North ; Master Abso lute ot Iversk; ef KaHalnisk, of Kebardi nsk, ami of the, territory of : Armenia ; Sovereign of Monntaiu Princes of Teher- kask ; Alasrer of Turkestan, Heir Pre- ptiv.e of Norway, and DukeofSleswick- Holsteu), of Slormurne of Dithmarse, aud of Oldenburg, let him come forward now, in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever I This is repeated three times, and upon no .objection betag raised, ha lays his liana upon the head of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of ermine from the table and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying, " Cover and protect tby-people as this robe covers u, t thee ;" the Emperor replying, "I will, I will, I will, God helping," and kissing the prelate's hand. The Bishop of Novgorod flow places the sceptre in the Ozar's hand, saying, " May thine hand which holds this "wither the day thou art unjust the answer being, " Be it so after which the Bishop of Kieff' places the crown upon the Emperor's head. At this point the Empress kneels beside her husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of_ermine, and also holds his crown above her head for a few seconds, without, however, placing it upon her head. The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for several minutes amid a deadly silence and the instant they rise to their fee' bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy and all present kneel to them, shouting " Lon" live the Czar !" The cry is taken up b? the hundreds of thousands who are out- side, the heralds sound their trumpets, guns are fired, and bells are rung. The' Czar commands the people to rise, and Is again surrounded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from the -Im perial hands, the Emperor saying " It is thy country's," to which the noble sreplies "And my Czars." Mass is again re sumed, and the Emperor prooeeds alone to tie alar, pass-rig thiou.h the G -Frrt Mn-nd ? l v , Tncoiipstasiui, -which ' cloaed behind him, thus hiding him l...,u view. Here, after partaking of the i loly" Conlmu.,ion, the Metropolitan of Vlescow annoints hw.head, temples, eyelids, lipsi nostriis ears In east and hands, saving? \- Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost £ TTu -r P -66 -6761' bol->'-" The gatea or thn lnconostasiui are re-opened, 'he Czar appears."before them an/i is with shouts of, "Thou art verily bv ihe : ur>?c.ntnted." i.The Empress advai-cs to the sanctuary, and kneels' to her U- \ who bids her rise, and they walk out of the cathedral arm in arm. At the door is a gilded i , chariot, drawn by twelve white horses, into wiiich they enter, the Princes, other membeis of the Imperial family, foreign monaichs. guests, &c;, entering f s(afe chariots. The procession again. ' hums as it did ou approaching the Kvem- lii, and, with its new additions, m.vi s slowJy through tbe. gaily decorated t-uvo. According to an . old custom, the ( Z u 's cart luge, instead of being guarded bv troops, is surrounded by one l>ua=i --d maidens belonging to the bet Ku-ri in families, all dressed in white and holi-hiv gailands of fiower3. Court- balls and -e- eeptions begin in the evening arid last lor a fortnight, after which the court returns to ot. Petersburg. 