Consecration of St. Paul's Church.' Thcrsday, June 14, was a day of im portance to the ^adherents of the Angli can Church in Narracnnrte, but. the wintry weather prevented them assembling in large numbers to witness the cere mony of consecrating the, building of St. Paul's Church. This was performed by the Right Reverend the Bishop of Ade laide (Dr. Kennion), and the Revs. R. Hay ward, Hals ton, S.Hinson, and Arch deacon Farr and Mr. fiogan (lay reader) took part in the service. t4 ' "Twelve o'elock was the time fixed for the commencement of the ceremony, but 'it was nearer one before the Bishop en tered the churcli. ' The following was the order of the proceedings . The Bishop, attended by his Chaplain and Registrar, put on his robes in a Tent erected by i&e; side of the Church where the Clergy, Choir aud Committee were assembled/ The Bishop and the accompanying Clergy and Laity then proceeded to" the West Door of the Church in the following order : - The Committee';' The Choir, "The ^C16g3v'Tjie> Bishop. The procession was received at the idoor by the Officers of the Church. There a {petition to Consecrate the Church was deliver ;ed to the Bishop, who receiv-edit and order it jtoVe'te&fL;" "» ! i r . "T. ^ , ; Thre^petition '{which was signed by the Kev. .R. Hayward, Mr. H."J:~Slnith, S.M., Mr. G. Piatt, Mr. ]Yauduey pad some roeipbets of the congregation) 'having been read by Mr." Smith, ? jthe Bishop signified his consent sto jeoiwecrate' jthe jChurch fccnrding^toCtfcje.' lirayfer/therpipf 'contained. ! Then the pishop and Clergy; with the Church Wardens, proceeded up the aisle to the, Holy ' Table, repeating the 24th Psalm. as they went. ' After which £he Bighop, turning westward, ?said -Peace be -to this'House. After other prayer&the; fallowing wereaai^ T)early beloved in'ttie "Lord : Forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well.under the Law as under the Gospel, moVed eitliet by the secret inspiration of, the Blessed. ! Spirit or by the express command of God, or,' by'..'their own reason and sense of the natural decency.of things, have erected Houses for the Public Worship of-God, ; and separated them from ;ali profane and common uses,'in"order to fill men's miuds : with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and-affect tlieir hearts with de votion and humility in his service; which pious works have been 'approved; of and graciously . accepted by our, Heavenly Father : Let us riot, doubt but that He will also favourably approve '6ur Godly pnrpose of setting apart: in solemn' man- i ner this place for the several Offices of Religious Worship, and let us faithfully and'devoutly beg His blessing on this' our undertaking, and say : Eternal God mighty in power, and of majesty in comprehensible, whom the Heaven of Heavens cannot contain, much less the walls"'of t?eiiipleH made with.' hands, jand who' yet Kas ^een" graciously" pleaseft to | promise Thy^ especial Presence in wliat i arer place, eyen two or three of .Thy. faith ! ful servants shall "i'ssemble'ln Thy'frame, to otfer up their praises And supplications junto Thee); vouchsafe, O . Lord, to ( be I present with us who are here gathered together, with all humility and'readiness of heart, to consecrate this place to the | honor of Thy great. Nanie, separating it from 'henceforth trom "all"' unliailowed, ! ordinary, and common uses, and dedicat ing it to Thy service, for. [reading Thy Holy .Word, for celebrating- Thy Holy Sacraments, for offering to Thy Glorious Majesty .the sacrifice jof prayer and thanks giving, for blessing Thy people in Thy Name, and for the performance of all ather holy. Ordinances.;. Accept,. O Lord, this service at our hands, and bless it with such-success 'as may -tend most to Thy '.{lory, and the furtherance of our hap piueaa both temporal and spiritual, through Jesus Christ, bur "blessed Lord and Saviour. ? --- ? Blessed' Father, who lia&t; promised that in every place where .the remembrance of Thy name shall be put. Thou wilt come and bless us: come now unto us, we be seech The'e, "who 'standing" before Thee in fear and awe, do put. upon this place the memorial of Thy Name,-and give unto us Thy benediction from above. O blessed Lord Jesu Christ, who! did|t honor .and adorn with Thy presence £tfce Feaat of the Dedication iof the Temple, be present, we beseech Thee, at the dedica tion of this Temple unto Thee;, and accept and prosper the work of bur hands^ O blessed and and glorious Spirit, Giver of Life, let Thy sanctifying power and grace be with "us, and grant that all who worship herein may be ? Thy Temple j and dwelling-place unto eternal life. I God the Father,- God the Son, God the Holy Ghost, accept, hallow,' and' bless .this place to the -end whereunto we.separate it. The Lord with Bis favour graciously regard our work, and send down upon this House His spiritual benediction and grace.. ^ ?' 9 For the _ Ministers of the Church. , O Almighty God, the Giver-ofckll good gifts, who dost sanctify Thy Ministers for ! Thy service, and enlighten them with Thy holy teaching: give unto all those who shall minister in this place a double por tion of Thy Holy Spirit, that they may serve to the' glory of Thy . great name and the advancement of Thy truth, through Jesus Christ our Lord. For those who shall be Baptised.' Regard, O Lord, the supplications of Thy servants; and grant that whoever shall be dedicated to Thee in this House by Baptism, may be sanctified with the Holy Ghost, delivered from Thy wrath and eternal death, and received as a living member of Christ's Church, and may"ever remain in the number of Thy faithful and elect children, For those who shall be Confirmed. Grant, O Lord, that they who in this place shall in their own persons renew the Promises and Vows made by their Sureties for them at their 'Baptism, and thereupon be confirmed by the Bishop, may receive .such a measure of Thy Holy Spirit, that they may be enabled faithfully to fulfil the same, and grow in grace until their lives' end. For Communicants. Grant, O Lord, that whosoever shall receive in this place the blessed Sacra ment of the Blood and Body of Christ,' may come to that holy ordinance with faith, charity, and true repentance, and being filled with Thy grace and heavenly benediction, may, to their great and end less comfort, obtain remission of their sins, and all other benefits of His passion. For Hearers. . ,r Grant, 0 Lord, that by Thy Holy Word which shall be read and preached iu this place, and by Thy Holy spirit grafting it inwardly in the heart, the hearers thereof may bcth perceive and know what things they ought to do, and may have power and strength to fulfil the same, -For those who shall be Married. Grant, O Lord, that whosoever shall be. joined together in this place in the holy Estate of Matrimony, may faithfully perform and keep the vow and covenant betwixt them made, and may Kntuin in ' perfect love'' and peace together mi til their lives' end. F<><\- aU v:ho .'Ju.ll Wot blip. Grant, we beseech Thee, blessedjjord, that wliosoever shall draw near 1111(0 Thee in this place, to give Thee thanks for the benefits which they have received at Thy haniis, to set forth Thy most worthy praise, to conf<?sst heir sins unto Thee, Md to ask such things as are requisite ' and necessary as well for the body as the soul, may do it with such steadfastness of faith, and with such seriousness, affec tion, and devotion of mind, that Thon mayest accept their bounden duty, and service, and vouchsafe totliem whatsoever, in Thy infinite wisdom, Thou sbalt see to ^ be most expedient for theiii: All which ' we beg for Jestis Christ His sake, our blessed Lord atid Saviour. For Penitents and those in sorrow. Grant, O Lord, that whatsoever sin or sorrow any shall here lay before Thee, !>heir ciy may come unto Thy mercy seat and obtain from Thee pardon and peace. ; . ' Now unto the Kins; Eternal, Immortal, and Invisible, the, only wise .God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy .Ghost, be honour and glory forever and ever. Then all standing up, the Sentence of Consecration was read aloud by the Registrar (Mr. Sturckie), and signed by the Bishop; and fjy him ordered, with the petition and other deeds, to be duly recorded and registered'in the Diocesan Registty-. When this had been dune, the Bishop, standing forward, said i I declare this Church of S. P&ul; jo be' now egpseerated qpd jset apart tp God for , everfin'tthe *iame ofiithe Father, and of' the ^;>n,,%.nd oT t|ie Holy Ghost ; ?"he Trpmn, ^ "The (!Hureti*s One Founda tion," was then sung, after which the Bishop said the foUovying prayer for benefactors to the. Ohurch ' ' ?* I Blessed be Thy "name, O Lord, that it hath pleased Thee to put it into the hearts of Thy servants to erect this house to Thy Jiononr and worship. Bless. O Lord, them,' their families, and substance, and accept'the"vrbrks of their hands ; Temem ber . them concerning ^tliis ; wipe nojb out this kindness-that =they have showed for the house of their God, and the offices thereof ; aid grantJthat all. who shall'en joy-4be4>enefitv£ifi-:tbis pious work, may Bhow forth their thankfulness by making a right use ,of it, to, the glory of Tliy blessed'Name, through Jesus Christ'our jLord. . ? -1 ' f Then followed the Holy Cfommumon. After the Oollect for the Queen the Bishop said the following prayer: ! 0 Most Glnrious Lord God, we acknow ledge that we are not worthy to offer unto :Thee any thing belonging to us ; yet-ne 'beseech (Thee, tin thy great goodness, graci ously to accept the dedication of this place to Thy service, and to prosper this our un dertaking : Receive the prayers and inter ? cessions of us. and all olfhers Thy servants, who, either now or hereafter, entering into "this" House/ shall call trpon Thee ; and give'^bothjfcbemand us grace to prepare our hearts to serve Thee with reverence. and godly feat: Affect us with an awful .apprehehaionof thy Divine~Majesty.~and a deep seme jof our own imworthiness ; i t h at"so, approach irig Thy saYi etn ary -with ilowliness aud devotion, .andcoining before ;Thee with clean thoughts and .pyre hearts,, 'with bodies undefined and,minds sancti fied, we mSy Always perform service ac ceptable 3to Thee, through ;Jestfs Christ 'our Lord. ! The BnistIejwsLS taken from 2 Cor.,vi., v. 14... ? to 17, atad the Holy Goepel St. John, ii., v. 13 it" 18. Hymn 197 was then sang, at the close of which , ' The Bishop preached from -Revelations jxiij 3. To a large-number of peoplo their .religion was rather: in the nature of a canopy which"they spread over thera.in stead of a. principle working through them. The way in which the Beven churches of j Asia wero written to made it clear that Christianity was -a hard conflict. . Often it.seemed hard to overcome evil, but He who required conquest g<«.va the power to. j obtain it. The promise made -implied a ; sense of tianger. ,~To the one who over came was made th<* promise he should be a piilarin thfi temple , erf the Lord. How : sad to think that souls formed for places ;in heaven fihould be cast do^rn to total ;Josb by.Binfffc ^which they.voluntarily inv dulged. God has a tender care and lwe jorr everyone. .In Zion He has a chief corner stone upon which is erec ted the Church, which - lasts for ever. N,o one . may leave the church in which God has placed liini, as he cannot leave it without loss to the rest of the church. He regretted the divisions exist ing among Christiausj' and prayed "that one day all might be restored to the one grand "building, meant by God to be the church. He urged his hearers to be iu? fluenced by God and not by worldly mo tives." . All who took'part in the solemn; service; must have recognised that if that building was for ever to be separated from common and profane uses, so must thpy separate themselves from all wickedness and worldliness. In all thrnga they must strive for the glory of Almighty God. The significance'of the ceremony .of consecra tion was "then-spnken of. If the rule of givhig one tenth of their substance to God were' regularly carried out the work of the church would progress far more than ! it' does. On no' account' could a church consecrated to God be afterwards used for other purposes. In the old country added holiness was given to divine service by the thought that for hundreds of years men had worshipped in the^same 'place, and although they had not that, feeling here, no doubt many of the generations to come would look back to the service 'which was then being per formed.' Immediately before the Blessing, the Bishop i offered the folio wing prayer: .Blessed be Thy 2fame, O Lord God,: for that it pleaseth Thee to have Thy habitation among the sons of men, and to dwell ii the midst of an assembly of saints-upon earth ; bless, we beseech Thee, ; the religions service of this day; and ' grant that in this place, now set apart for Thy service,* Thy holy Name; may be worshipped in trritli and purity to all generations^ through Jesus Christ our Lord. At the conclusion of the consecration Mrs. Kenilion planted a pine tree in the churchyard in commemoration of the day" s events. In the afternoon a largely attended public tea was held in the Institute Hall. The ladies assisting were :-Mesdames Dommett, Priestley, Packard, Davison, Botterili, C. R. Jones, Assheton, Vaud rey, Oakes, Wood and, Misses Smith and Macintosh. The Committee expressed themselves greatly iudedted to Mr. Geo. Piatt for fixing the hall for tea and removing the tables in time for the meeting. Last night the Bishop delivered an address, and an entertainment was given in the Institute. The report of this is crowded over to Tuesday's issue. The Freeman's Journal, under the head ing "A Mystery Unravelled," says:-It is well that those who permit themselves to bo drawn into these shameful plots should understand that there is a James I Carey in New York as well as in Dublin. The dynamite plot, it says, was betrayed in New York to the British consul, telegraphed by him to Downing-efcreet, and before one agent of the conspirators had sailed, his name, the name of his ship, and the pJs.ce of his destination were known in Scotland-yard. Thev were all waited for when they landed, kept under strict surveillance fram that hour, and found when they were wanted. In Bir mmfbam, Glasgow, Liverpool, Cork, and Louden they were tracked by detectives. The Fresman thinks a member of the governing couuc-.il of the conspirators alone conld have furnished information so great and so extensive 