A CATHOLIC WOES OF AET. A a-EACEiroi, and most fitting memorial of the late Archbishop has just been issued by tho well known artist, Mr. Gh J. Broinowalri, of 117, , Macquarie- sfcroofc, in the form of a pictorial re presentation, vividly pourtraying tho Passion and Cross of our Divine Lord. Tho work consists pri marilyjjof thirty- six stations, illustrating the suffer ings of our Saviour. Beginning with fche sermon on fche Mount, fche stations continue in succession with, the appearance of the Angel, fche agony in fcho garden, the betrayal, tho captivity, tho appear ance before the High Prioot, Pilate, and Herod, the humiliations and Blockings of fcho mulfcifcudo, fchs crown of thorns, the scourging, fcho hearing of fcho croes, nailing fco fcho orooo, fcho elevation, death and desconfc from fche cross, Christ in Limbo, tho burial and resurrection, fcho ascension, and fche doacont of fcho Holy Ghost. All fchoao stations are in separate panels, arranged consecu tively in the shape of a tablet. On oithor side of this aro Gothic cupolas, within fcho niches of which ofcnnd upon statuesque pedestals, full length portraits of Archbiahop Polding and Arch bishop Vaughan, in avohiopiscooal veofcraeniy. The likenofjooa of both prelates nva perfect. At the i'oot of each pedesi^l ara fcho rpspootivo ar morial bearings of thor Afhbkaopu \;ifch inscrip tions of fche mimes and duceo of decoaao. Tho cupolas aro (spanned by a Gothic dome with the croos iif; fche apox. Tho proper base is mucio up of delicate tracery with scroll in fcho centre, ccmit^mng a poropeotiYo view of Sb, Mary's Cathe dral as it will be when completed, faithfully drawn i'rom^ the design, and on either side are niches within Corinthian pilastera containing stafcue3_of Saints Gregory, Bedo, Benedict, and ' Augustine. When it io considered that this work, which ppuce compels us fco but briefly diseribe, containing as ifc does several hundred figures all clearly defined, and drawn with vigorous dramatic offeefc, io compressed within fche limifcs of a piefcuro measuring twenty-two inchec by seven teen inches, ifc may be safely asserted fchafc not many compositions extant surpass ifc in general design and perfection of detail. About fche last letter, tinder date of 17th April, written hj the late Archbisbhop before his departure, intended for presentation by fche arfcisfc fco fche Catholic clergy ami Iaifcy, is expressive of high praise and commendation of fcho work. The letter concludes wifch the following appeal: — 'Anything you can and will do to help fche arfcisfc in fche consummation of hio commendable enterprise will bo a source of gratification fco me.' Mr. Broinowski had originally lnsenctea to publish fcnesjmain design, but in consequence of fche death of the Archbishop it was_ re-arrnnged go as to form a suitable memorial of our first and second Archbishops. Ifc | will bo seen by nn advertisement in another column fchafc fcho work is published at fche very moderate price of one g.uinea, and may be ob fcainod from fche arfcisfc afc 171, Macquarie- sfcreefc. Mr. 'Broinowski, is professor of drawing and painting at fche Colleges of the Jesuit Fathers in Sydney. Aw assistant teacher hug been provided for the E. 0. Denominational School at Temora, in fcho porson of Miss Hanley, a recent arrival in fche colony from Ireland, who, wo are informed, possesses the required qualifications in a high degree. Dova-T in Auckland, New Zealand, the Eev. EV-fchor G' G!-ava conducts Dervico afc fche Eofugo for old people. The music is supplied by fche Children of Mary. Tho Children of Mary' from fcho different parishes have arranged in fcurn fco visit fcho Befugo and Hospital every week. The old people look forward fco thos9 visits with much delight. The entertainment given in aid of fche funds of the Catholic Church on Tuesday week afc fche Oaborne Hall, Forbes, was an unqualified auceess, and the ladies and gentlemen who gave their services are worthy of all praiae for fche excellence of their cevoral parts. Tho large hall was com forfcably filled wifch an appreciative audience, and fche proceeds totted up fco fcho respectable sum of 535. A jtojjbee of fcho lectures reeenfcly delivered in several of the churches in fchia dioceoe by fcho E.ev. Father Theophilus Le Menant des Chasnais, S.M. (gays fcho Auckland Ereejiait's Jotrji'jrAi) , have been printed in pamphlet form. The Right Eev, 'Dr. Luck, O.S.B., Bishop of Auckland, has writ ten an introduction, which appears in fche book, in which his Lordship says : — ' We would wish fco see them in every Catholic household, and care fully read by Catholic youth.' Father Le Menanfc dea Chasnais was for some time connected wifch St. Patrick's, Sydney. Beoteer Eennedy, of fche Christian Brothers, in his esaminafcion before fche Victorian Education Commission lately, said: — I think fche Catholics aro fairly entitled to as much per head for fche edu cation of their children as ispaid for children in fche State 'schools, exclusive of buildings. Because we give our children as good an education as is given in fche State schools. The Chriofcian Brothers belong fco a body who devote fch'air whole lives fco fche teaching of youth. That is fche object for which our society was specially founded. We are a teaching order. I believe wo could educate children for loss than tfA a head and do justice .fco them. A Successful Oathouc Orphanage. — The eighth annual report of St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage, Emerald Hill, Victoria, e'howo fchafc fcho number of boys in fche institution is 177. Applications for apprentices are so numerous, fchafc the Christian Brothers find it quite impos sible to .send boys fco half fcho number of persons applying for their services. And fche many excellent reports sent to fche Orphanage frem time to time, with respect fco the good conduct, attention to duty, honesty, and moral rectitude of those who had been once inmates of, and are now apprenticed from the Institution, are indeed truly gratifying fco all concerned. From fche financial statement we learn fchafc the receipts for the year ending 30fch June, 1883, wero £3653 13s 4d, of which amount tho sum of £1208 10a 9d was received in donations, subscriptions, etc. The expenditure amounted fco £2619 17b 4d, thus showing a credit balance of £1033 16s. Tho cost of each boy during fche year for maintenance, exclusive of b'uild'ing and repairs to premises, was £13 8a 6d ; the cort per head, including expendi ture of all kinds, wao £14 16o, Oasiko. — An esteemed correopondent- sondo us a few notes. The parish of Richmond, including the Tweed, — an enormous osfconfc of country — ? worked by tho Very Eov. Dean Doyle, assisted by one priosfc, has recently been divided, DeanDoylo and hio assistant retaining fcho jjTorfch Arm and Lower Eichmond wifch tho Tweed, and Father M'Oabo taking charge of Casino, Ooraki, and fcho Upper Eichmond. Fathor M'Cabe arrived at Casino from Armidalo about three weeks ago, and ho afc onco commenced Iud labours. At his fivBt Mass ho delivered a most impressive Bormon c-n the Eoaary, and after Macs a meeting was hold fco mcko arrangements for building a presbytery ab which the sum of £120 waa subscribed in a few minutes by fcho gonerouc and loyal-hearted Catholic people. So well have thinge been com menced that it is espectod fcho sum in hand, will bo doubled in about ti month. After tho priest's house is built the people will set about fcho ou fcnblishmoni; of n convent for which a considerable ui in has i-.lroiitly been obtained.- Tho Catholics ' of fcho district have becorno greatly attached fco thoiv paofcov. Father M'Cabo visits Ooraki and Oiifnno on alternate Sundays. His Lordship fcho Eight Eev. Dr. Torreggiaui io expected on n visit Bomo time in ITovombor. The foundation sfcoDe of a new building in con nection with the Presentation Convent at St. Hilda, Vic, has been laid. St. Patrick's Christian Doctrine Society, Mel bourne, lately hold a most enjoyable reunion in which singing and dancing wore fche chief features. ?__Oi-r fche 24th ulfc. the eight anniversary of fcho Hibernian C. B. Society, Hobart, was celebrated by a concert, under tho patronage of his Lordship B,Miop Murray. Iw connection wifch 3fc. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, there is a Catholic circulating library and reading-room at St. Patrick's school, Victoria Parade. The weekly subscription is 3d and for fche juvenile library Id, Oh Sunday week tho Catholic Church at Nyngan waa formally opened and solemnly blessed by the Very Eov. Dr. Byrne, Administrator, assisted by tho Eov. John Dunne, Dubbo, Eev. James Dunne, Bega, and fche Sev. J. Bolgor, Cobar. £100 waB subscribed on fche occasion. Dr. Byrne has gone on a visit fco Oobar. The Western Post, liiudgeo, says : — The ap pointment oi; Archprieafc Sheehy fco tho vacant ; Archbishopric is tho E. 0. Church of ITow Soufch Wales will be hailed with delight by all old colonists, no matter what their religious belief may bo. Father Sheehy io one of fcho old land marks of Ifew South Wales and is universally re spected. Oue Melbourne contemporary, fcho Advocate, mentions that the Very Eev. Father Sturzo, S. J., Provincial of fcho Fathers of the Society of Jesug, the Very Eev. Father Sauzoau, S.M., Vice Provincial of fche Marisfc Order, and fcho Eov Father Ijouio, S.M., have been visiting Melbourne. Fathers Sauaeau and Louis have left for Now Zealand. Sayo tho Melbourne Advocate : — The congre gation of St. Mary's Church, St. Eilda, hoard with greafc regret of fche recent death nb Sydney. of Mrs. Dove,' daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Bury, Into of 8!;. Eilda, who for ?ome years was one of fcho principal vocalists in fcho choir of St. Mary's Church. Tho Dead March from Said was per formed upon fche organ afc St. Mary's in testimony of respect for fcho memory of Mra. Dove and re gret afc hor loss. Ijt pursuance of. tho practice introduced by Father Slafctery two years ago, ifc has been de cided by Father Gar ley and fcho E.G. Church Committee to hold a baza-ar in aid of Sfc. Pat rick's School in fcho Gaiety Theatre, Temora, during fcho race days. The generous support of fche general public thals has always signalized pro vious appoalo oi fchio character (oay3 fcho Temora Stab), is a guarantee of fche financial success of the projocfc, -while on tho other hand the ladies will no doubt again spare no trouble in making it highly attractive. In connection with this school we further learn fchafc ifc is contemplated to hold a school picnic on Thursday next. Catholic Notes i?iioir Harbakdera. — It is thus d correspondent writes : — A concert was given hore on Wednesday night, 24fch ulfc., in aid of fche Catholic Church debt, and was in every way a greafc success. Tho local amateurs wore asoisfcod by some of fche bosfc singers from Wagga, who wore specially invited for fcho occasion. At the conclusion of tho concert the Very Eov. Fr. Dunne, of Wagga, thanked the people of Nar randerc for their generous support oC the enter fcainmont, and called on fcho audience fco pass a vote of thanks to fche ladies and gentlemen who contributed so successfully to (;heir amuaemenfc, and said that ho waa glad to find that the spirit of roligious dissension had nofc gained any footing in Narrandora, as tho concert was supported by all denominafcions. — The success of fche Catholic Gchool lately established hero has exceeded even fche most sanguine expectation of its promoters. There aro over 100 children on the roll, and an average attendance oL' ovor cSO. Such fucta aa fiheae are the Bfcrongesb proof fchafc the parents have no confidence in the godless system of education which has been forced upon them. — There will be a bazaar held hore aboub fcho end of November, the result of whichitis expected will wipo ou!- all debt on. the 'Catholic Church. The Catholics deserve groafc'crodit for their zeal in fcho cause of their Church, and particularly for undertaking fco pay tho salary of a toucher while a heavy. debfc was hanging ovor their Church. They have secured a inst-elaes trained toucher in t,he person of Miss Kelly, who is also a very accomplished lady. Bazaar at Hat. — The buzaur in connection with the building of fche Presentation Convent (says fche Eiverino G-eazier of Saturday) v;aa opened on Wednesday night by Allen Lakeman, Esq., in fche absence of fche Mayor. There waB a largo attondanco. The Eev. Father Kiely came forward on fcho plaffofcm to introduce Mr. Lake man, who had kindly conneufcod fco perform fcho opening ceremony. For fcho past three nighta fche hall has boon filled fco excess ; and the takings at tho various stalls satisfactory fco fcho parties concerned, far exceeding tho amount gone rally expected. Up to this tho sum realized can nofc bo definitely stated, but ifc io generally be lieved that ifc will nofc bo much short of £500. The bazaar will open fco- day at 12 o'clock fco suit parties from the country who cannot bo fchoro at night. From fche liberal patronage by all claasoa the affair has ovidenfcly bcou very popular. This shows a spirit of harmony and liberality prevail ing in Hay rarely to bo found all tho world over in mixed communifcios. As tho bazaar will bo concluded on Monday night greafc bargains can be obtained. The coup d'coil is very Btriking, and shows fchafc everyone concerned lias put heart and soul in to fcho affair. Thero aro four stalls, two on each side, prodded ovor respectively by Mesdamea Travis, Brady, IMbiab, and fcho Misses Ashfcon. Thero in also a refreshment otall on the platform, ufc which Miyi. Minogue moat ably officiates. This lady iu fr'- bo highly praised for tho groat taste oho hiitf mamfyLtod in fcho arrangement of her tfcull. The L'lisaeo Ashitm keep tho flower stall, which look-j very pretty. Which flowers to ad tuire, fcho roueu or those who soil them, puzzleB our youth. They also keep a post office, where letters — containing no doubt ' favours eeorefc, sweet, and graciouB'—oan bo had for sixpence, 