NELL: ON AND OFF THE STAGE, Dv B. H. BUXTON. Published by arranlYefch lOf it dHearper and Brottwrs,' Neie York. S oaPE ERAP iIX . .I thin~k you mnaj' conside yourself quite safe now, 'nimy, dear,' "Miss Dalgleisli said, in her pleasant tone of encouragement. 'The fact of your failure yetturday' will have. beneficial results in the end.' 'To have brokendown over what no& doubt 'appeared to you as the merest trifle will already, have given you some insight into the'vast diffi culties of our profession--diffieulties and complications of which outsiders have not the least idea, and for the surmounting. of which jthey therefore never give us any credit. . ' Itlooks so easy from the.front, they assert; little dreamiiag 'of 'the lobor that .was required to make' itappear thus. 'Your failure, as. I?Nsay, has now, taught you that very important lesson; aud, after all nothing is more useful .than practical expserience. ,:" Mrs Powell (who, as has already been. stated, was' endowed with the lieen,power of observation so necessary t. o lier in:her managelial capacity, had a quinet way of looking after everybody acd' 'into everything) was perfectly a?ware of the disagreeables with which Mrs. Blenkinsop endeavoured to ob struct pretty Miss Trevor's path. ,' Put that young lady with Miss Dalgleish,' said the manageress to the wardrobe-keeper; and thus Nell's peace and comfort in the dressing-room, were at ouce secured, for.Miss Dalgleish ?was gehtle in mannel, courteous of speech, and far more given to enbouraging than to intimidating beginners..: :.. And so the Saturday on which the sphere was to"'6joniwili cnew piece came round.. Tifh"brilliant .display of ifgas withodt and writhini the th'eatre was not the only :change .which' aitr traoted Nell's attention as soon as:she 'rrrived;. , . . . ,.. There was an air of,intense preoc cupation visible on every face,'even:on that of the Cerberus in the •sentinel box; with: whom .Nell had lobg' since' made her peace, and .who of late had greeted. John.. Hall's ',young 'lady' w'ith a wouldbe : smile and a good natured grunt when she appeared for' iehearsal. To- night, ..-however, -the keeper of the stage door was far too much engriged :in the per'usal' of some preliminary notice --of the.. ' great event to pay an'y attenition' whlatever to Miss Trevor bi~yond the cursory glanie which satisfied hlim'~ that she beloniged to the stage A venturesome inutriudd would have .fared very badly on this, important roccastdn:- - ----- - .111 knewi h ayyalong ti~e maize 'ike passages peifecily yy~this time, and would.have .fo~ind it without hesi tation or stumbliing even had there been the usual darkness; but to-night the:gas-jets on ;the'walls shone forth with astonishing;brilliance. :lliJhn iHall had 'accominpanied his step-daughter to the theatre, and' carried tlihe smhill 'portm'enteau, in' which slhe had'paOked' he r dresses,, as fari;' asi the '"tage-door, 'then htirried a way. For him it was light'; 'but ?her poor little hands' soon ached '.uder t.:he unaccustomed weight.:' Nothing daunted, however, she struggled' on. ' Bob,' she.pleaded, .meeting the 'call-boy, £ please carry this to Miss Dal leish's room for me.' Bob was a willing good-tempered lad, and on any other occasion would have assisted any one of the ladies with ' pldliire, but to- night C 'an't stay,:Miss Trevpr,' he cried, Saud'with a bound'disappetared up the saeps that led to thlie stagemanager s Nell, using bioth h:ands once more, endeavoured to struggle on with her 'buirden.; but. hastily put it down as the sound of a familiar footstep siiimot on her' edipctauit ear It was Jack' s step;, but he was hot wlii'tliiig to.2ght--he was reheliarsindg owavnvoce.,.i ·' , ': r-',.i .this'bo true, then we must part, At onisiC, foreveli, we must part SThe.line was an important one for him;' it had to be spoken its a climax' to iv telling isituatioi ; it was to bring the curtain down, and, as Jack de voutly hoped, in correctly professional phrase, ,';tho housies-also., , / * .: --- ' Good-evenig,'. Miss trevor,' he oieed)a. as lie hurried along, and .in ;'much nmore expressive toues continued, "At once, foreve· , we' rust Dart.' I n.o nha not eoven ookea at nor, and wa's qiitb unaware. that .she had ro .niuired hia'"iseistanoe. 'Let mf carry thai: for you,' said .Jii',, .hurryinug along the passage at *this moment. * Miss Dalgleish's iro6ni isnii't it ?' ie added, aud without ,Wtinog fdr a reply marched off with hi!p.ortmauntelau. ?:t,~~.G d eening,,my dear,' said Miss: Dalgleishiinauswer to Nell's greeting; ibutesho did i'ot even turn her head to lookil at,the girl. Blhe was far too much I absotrbed in her ' study.' Th 'hoook of the plty was soanred ,on a pin.oushion in front of tho laoring- gRlss, and the aotress's atton tion was divided between the poruneal of hor linoes and of the handsomeo face :0on? wlijoh tho h'ro's-fnot,. the paint ,bilush, nud t ornshed c powder-puffl I ter ped in t oreaomy liquid, were most? a,'tissiolUy.:prodln?i?g· sch sntartling f l?eotebp\ u:;ovre:roaqujroedfortho mal.unp A.f theharte?r,'. , ::', .' "i. re?.r The'dressor, a. a t omely 'loaking youn bvrrmao, its gpti~i(W s an ous a ve ?IRCt'ragg pe 'hev nonteai h"'4ed. - Fm t !' T1hat's your glass, miss; and please will yoi keep all your things as -much as you can up in that corner, then they. won't get muddled with ours ? So spoke Emma, the dresser, as she perceived Nell, standing close to the door, rather at a loss as to what might be required of her, and afraid to ask any questions where silence so evi dently was the order of the evening. T he dressing-room was long and narrow. Miss Dalgleish's table and glass occupied the fathest end of it, and a broad shelf, something like a kitchen-dresser, was fastened along theleft-haud wall. On this stood two washhand-basins, ewers, tumblers, etc., and a square looking-glass hung over each. Nell silently busied herself with the unpacking of her portmanteau and the arranging of her table. . As to 'make: up' that was a science of the most elementary principles of which the girl was absolutely ig norant. * 'I'm late as usual,; you see;- and yet I'm always in time I' cried ayoung lady: who entered the roinom at this monenit, and whon took :in the ad v'anced state of Miss Dalgleish's toilet .reid the perplexed expression on Nell's face, at a glance. 'You can't go on.like that, child; you're nervous, of course, and just as pale as a ghost. They'll think in front that you'vestepped out of the tomb, instead .of out of the butler's pantry-as a blushing little chamber maid ought to have done. . Here, if you'll give a hand with my dress-it fastens behind, bother it 1-I'll make you up.. most becomingly. after. I'm reckoned extra clever at that. little game; you shall judge for yourself. One good turn deserves: :another; them's my. princingpals, as somebody other says, or. doesn't say- it's all the same ija-the.end, you know-and for the prese?t',' I? Ty so.. i Fanny Dale, tlie young lady who said all these thinos' in a very voluble manner, and who addressed herself pointedly to Nell, was already consid ered as quite an dold acquaintance by the latter, who had watched her at all the.rehearsals... On several occasions they had had some desultory chat together,'Nell.-wondering at Fauny's general insouciance and Fanny much 'amused by what she called Nell's prunse.and-prism-ways.- - '- ,--,' . i Finy .Dale . was a".E auoy; ir'ound faced little woman,.and played second walking lady under, (mental)- protest. SShe considered herself eininently fitted for the juveeile lead, and in the absenicoe'of- the reiguing autliiriti'es, inade no secret of her determination toseek: an: engagement: more edapted to her' attractions and capabilities, physical arid miental:' . She was amost indepen~dent young person i' every way. She reJoiedmin excellent health, and in buoyant irre-. iressible spirits, and saSi'd of herself that she was like chaimpagne. :.. .Only and t'otheristuff goes flat with a ven geatice; "-,My worst enemy can't say. !that of me,' Fanny was natuirall' o6gd:teinpered, and took a pleasure. n oolig~ig rlie.• friends. 8he treated hlier, superiors with most provoking anud utterly reck-: less defiance,. refusing to bendthe kneo to any authority hatever,id and Silieni: she was moved 'by. piersnalt anitaigonisni - could. :ibe 'criiely1'iit: spoken. ". .:. . -:,, -;, . Nell, in her geitle inexperince;' re gairded Misi Fanny' with' wo'nder; not unmixed with admiration. IHow. could the girl venture to say. and;- to- do, things so, reckless, so amazing? . ' • > It was only on the previous day that'1 hFanny behaved with suolih nsole?~ice (so- the aggrieved'lady declares) to Mrs. Blenkinsop that the mianageress in person was appealed to ere.peace could be restored,. S"Either that insolent hussy or I go but of the theatre, that's certainl' Hanrietta Maria declared, furiously itamping her feet, and nodding her angry head . . SMrs Powell appealed to MissDalgleish, and for the moment the matter was arranged. Fanny Dale should not have further opportunities of insulting the first old Woman in her dressing room. i''So I have had my own way as Usual, you see,' the second lady ex plained to Nell, with a gesture of tri umph.. 'I hate that red.faced old ourmudgeon; but I like you. and I adniiro Miss 1)algleish, and-here we are again I'.. , She.?epieated thiaspleasing fac.as oon as lell hai assisted her with her =?rea?,?.pgor ,E 'sanxious .,aUBt uOe-and, tiition being at this moment con centrated upon Miss Dalgleish. ! Fanny jumped high up as she spoke, and very correctly imitated the voice and movements of a clown. 'My dear child, I entreat you to let us have a little peace,' remonstrated Mist Dalgleish, putting her hands over her ears and looking the picture of despair. ' 'Your pardon, signors, I implore,' sang Fanny, with an improvised ran lade, 'I'll never do so any more,' she added; and after pressing her hannd solemnly over her month, ' Mum's the word,' she said,.in a soepulchral whis per, then was really silent. So peace was restored pro tern. SNell soon came to tile conolusion that Fanny Dale was the only person in the theatre who was not overawed and silenoced by the fact of its being iho first night. In the passages, in the greeon.room, in the wings, stood acnotors and anotree son, book in hand, mumbling and mnut: I tering their studies. One and all were I intoeHoly absorbed, wholly pre.oocoan pibd, 1'y their indiicinaul pn''t r, the b'4&t; mv ieriprise ,n1 wftiOh tlho?y wilvi, 11 to embartk this evening. S(2'o' Lb i'mhiwd 