DORSETSHIRE GHOSTS. In Dorsetshire, little if any superstition attaches to the Hallow-e'en, £he night still sacred to the departed in Scotland and the North bf England. Old Christmas-eve is 'regarded as a day favoured by connection with the supernatural, and it is said that the cows and sheep, whether in the field or shed, go on their knees and low gently at the sound of the stroke of twelve o'clock. This idea is common to many countries, and has its origin, of course, in the traditional presence of cattle 'in the Bethlehem stable. The night to be really dreaded, a Dorset : rustic thinks, is Midsummer night. Anyone who is anxious to see spirits in a visible form can do so then, provided he will conform to one or two conditions. He should go about eleven o'clock to. the nearest church porch. It is not a sine qua non that he goes alone, bat if he is in company, he must observe the strictest silence, and it is desirable that he should not even look; at ids qqmpanion. As midnight approaches b& \yiU gud himself gradually deprived pf power move. When twelvt 'clock strikes, the churchyard will adenly become filled with spirits, JUiiiTithng those of everyone he ever kuews Whether alive or dead. They will pass kirn in a long, slow procession into the church, where they, will remain for some time ; but, as, the dpor will be closed, and himself unable to must bs withui kuojing1 what their sacred rites may be. As they leave the building, the spirits oi the dead will come nrstj while the spirits of those who are destined to die m the course of the year will not quit the church at alL Those to whom any illness or great trouble is going to happen during the net twelve months will come very slowly at the last, and the worse the calamity to fall ujpon them, the slower they will come. This \ I =3 legendary awe of the shortest and most beauti ful night in the year comes to England from that North where the mysterious sun blazes at midnight. There is little poetry and little superstition about the Midsummer night of the South. Bagley-house, near Bridport, has very gloomy legen is attaching to it. Tradition (fpr the stories are traced back to the last century) says that Squire Lighted who then owned the place, had been hunting one day, and. after reaching home had gone away again and drowned himself. His groom had followed him with a presentiment that something was wrong/ and arrived at the pond in time to see the end of the tragedy. As he returned, he was accosted by the spirit of his drowned master, which uhborsed him. He soon fell violently ill and never recovered, one of the consequences of this illness being that his skin peeled entirely off ! Shortly after Squire Lighte's suicide, his old house was troubled by- noisy disturbances, which were at once as sociated with the evil deed of self-destruction It was suggested that the spirit should be formally and duly ' laid ' or exorcised. A number of the clergy went therefore for that purpose, and succeeded in inducing the ghost to confine itself to a chimney in the house for a certain number of years— it is not known exactly how long. For many years after this, however, the place remained at peace ; but on the expiration of the power of the charm very much worse disturbances broke ' out again. Raps would be heard at the. street door ; steps in the passages and on the stairs ; doors open ing and closing. The rustle of ladies dressed in silk was audible in the dr&wingroom;, and from that room the sound was traced into a summer-house in the garden. The crockery would be violently moved, and at certain rare intervals a. male figure, dressed in old-fashioned costume, is said to have made itself visible, and walked about the house. The neighbours say that these extraordinary occurrences con tinued for many years. They believe in. them most firmly, and are of opinion that as long as the house stands it will be thus troubled. An element worthy of notice in this story is the time-honoured faith in the power of the clergy over evil spirits. The high road from Wimborne to Cranborne passes through one of the woods on the St. Giles estate. By the roadside are four or five magnificent fir-trees, which give the spot a gloomy appearance, making it in all respects a fit resort for ghosts. There is a form which haunts this, place. They say it is that of a female figure dressed in white, and wearing a hood which covers her- face. She paces to and fro, but as soon as one succeeds in coming near her, she makes a wild rush through the hedge. After this there is a crashing sound, like a waggon and horses going fast through a wood, which continues for some minutes. The popular belief is that a murder was comAiitted tnere m bygone years.— Mr. F. Billington, in " Merry England. " -X. - 