SPORTING NOTES. BY RUSTIOUS, Acceptnnpes fay the Kingston handicaps must bo in the hnnas of p))o Secretary by the 22nd December, In the S.olljijg I(hca the entrance fee is 20s, Acceptances for tho Custerton nnd Coloraine handicaps are dne the former on tho 12tli and tl)e latter on the 8fch inst. The attontinn of horse-owners is direoted to an advertisement which appears in another column reminding them that nominations for the Penolft handicaps are dne with tho secre tary, Mr, Parwent, on Thursday next, tho 18th in at, Port MaoDonnell has a j>cd, who is anxious to match himself Against any two local walkists in a 2-1 hours' spin, Should liis ohallengo not bo taken up lio will back himself to walk 100 miles in 21 hours. The namo of the pedestrian is A, J, Riddoch, The lirogrannne of tho Caledonian Sports to bo hela at Ponola on Boxing Bay appeal's in another column, It is varied antl attractive, and will doubtless provido good sport, Nomi nations for tho two principal events, the Penola Handicap and Hurdlerace, must be in the hands of tho secretary, Mr, Brownleos, by the lGth inst, Tho Sonth-Eastern racing campaign will open at Holm on the first day of tho New Year, Thero are several horses in training hero, soiho of which will doubtless havo a out-in for the plunder. Mr, Haws has Scobejoff in good trim, and Shamrock (who is being trained by Mr, Harris) also looks well. Both will pro bably visit Robe, Mr, Harris ha# commenced ui>on Tconocln.it, and intends to give him a trial should his leg stand, He haw also in hand a big raking maro from the Plains, but as she is verj' baokwood in condition it will take time to got her into anything liko form. Mr, Boyd lifw Roscommon looking very well, and Talis man is being trained by Mr, T, Wheeler, Tho match botwoen T, MaoMnrtrie and J, Dowdell will no doubt create some interest ill sporting circles, Both are good men, and the winner will havo to put on a good record to I boat his antagonist. The programme of tho Six Mlln Inn mcoH to be hold on Now Year's Day appears in another column. The principal events are tlto Puweena Handicap of 20 SOVH,, and tho Hnrdlerace of 15. Nominations mnst bo in tho liands of Mr. W. Young by tho 17th inst, Hardius ran a nail into his foot and was absent from the training track for a few days, but lie is said to bo gutting all right again. The Victoria Racing Club oleaved £11.000 by their Cup meeting. This would probably have been increased by a couple of thousand had not a postponement been necessary on the last day, Cootabahi after winning the Wagga Handi cap, was sold to Mr, T. Ivory for the stifflnh figuro of 700 guineas, At the Meerut (India) autumn meeting the Australian horse Jack won the Maiden Stee plechase, and Glad Tidings, also an Austra lian, carried off the Trial Stakes and the Civil Service Stakes, carrying 0s!« 181b, in each. The Plunger is recovering from the effects of the collision with Delusion on the first day of the Cup meeting. A raoing confederacy in Johdpore(India)are reported to have given, 80,000 ropeea for The Ghost, Bed Rover, Mistaken, and Delos, a portion of the shipment recently taken over to that country by Mr, E, Weeks, Sam Haynes, once the premier Australian jockey, is said to be acting as billiard-marker In an hotel in Madras. Mr. G. Lambert, the owner of the Cesare witch winner Don Juan, won, in conjunction with some friends, 640,000 by the victory of hU oolt, Don Juan was purchased as a yearling for a modest century, It has been definitely settled that a fourth team of Australian cricketers shall visit Eng land during the ensuing season. The names of the J&st; Australian teeun» with tho q&q;^Uqh q( Boyle, Massio, Murdoch, and Spofforth have beon mentioned as likely to go. Sovoral new names are miggeHted na having good claims to bo admitted, viz,, W, GifTen, r. Lewis, H, Scott, G, MoShane, Turner, >V, H, Cooper, and others. 