THEY SAY. iNouody on the stngo, ' said an old actresi, who uwd to bo a reiguing star mnuy yoars ago, " neither man nor woman, kisses from choice. At least, I havo novor known it to bo bo, It is nob a ploasant oporation, no matter now much the pooplo might lileo 0110 another, riioy nro both covered with paint, grcasoand perspiration, for kissing is the usual wind up to unexciting and passionate scono, aud the contact of the two faces, or ovon tho lips, is unusually unpleasant. Any sort of an actor or actress, if they know anything of thoir art, can simulate kissing quite as offoctivoly as if the kiss woro roal. No mattor how much ono is oxcitcd by tiiosecno, a kiu invariably spoils the ghunur of the nctress. It dispols tho illusion, and brings ono back to oarth. On that ground ulotio I always objoctod to boing kissed ou tho stago, ovon boyond tha paint and grease kiss. Actressos who consont to ho kisaod on tho stago must waut to bo kissod vory badly— that's my cxporionco." Tho first law of Nature ia to look aftor thyself? nnd Iho second, to look after nobodv ' efcu. , J Tnat tno vory lastuouante craze is the "aurprisod eyebrow." Tho process by which, it is formed is very simple, consisting of just a fow strokes to arch tho brow ovor onch oyo into tho expression which marks astonishment. And tho gonoral effect is to ennse tho woarerto look as surprised if sho had just bobbad up against a pirate's ghost, or caught her husband mugging the lady cook behind tno pantry door. toe-nail, and this can bo formed in an instant, by tho lady accidentally kicking her toe against tho heel of a chair as she trumps about in tho dark barefooted to look for baby's food ing bottle. That presout fashions are ugly. Tlnro' 8 neither grace nor beauty in tho stoop-lo crowned hats coming in, nor in tho stiff Henri Deux hats with dinner-plate brims. Ridgo sleeves tnake even fine shoulders look insignifi cant. And it must bo a curious eye that could see any baauty in woman's form whoa drnpo 1 in a brick-rod claw-hammor coat with shor waist, and tails to tho heels falling ovor a gigantic bustle, like a camel's hump which ha to bo turned on ono sido before she can si ,onn chair. TJiat a pretty lawn tennis costume, worn by society loader at homo, is of white flannel, with pleated skirt, and a red apron with a bib; and tho bodice is cut square in front, and shows a white chemisette striped with red; two tiny rackets nrojotnbroidoredia red ou tholoftshoul der. Tho bat is grey felt. Ata bazar, anovolty was "acarfcaiu cure for wrinkles." Many wore told, and tho packets contained a pair of garters— which will cor tainly euro winkles in stockings. Ladies' maids now lnvo towrito many of thoir mistresses' society lotters.This is in Fnglaud.In Australia, now, some members ofFarliamont would got their coaoiunen to. John Chinaman once more— this timo in a trick which has nover beon matched since Autolycus, the prince of .'theives, went under Thero lives near Bargowlahmiue Mr, Barkins a farmer who owns a " bit of a trotter." Ho also kept a celestial cook named Ah Man, and thereby hangs a tale— two tales, in fact, our own and Ah Man's. Not long ago Mr. Barkins went away on business for a day, and no sooner had ho turned his back than tho faithful Ah Man rode tho trotter mto tho township, and sold him for £20. But that vory night, tho childlike Chineso, tearing his masters return, and fooling the pangs or conscience kicking in his ribs, walked into Bargowlahmine, stole tho . horso from tho buyer, aud took it buck to his master's paddock, A week aftowards Barkius rod into town, and was at onoe pounced upon for having stolon his horse. All hands are now looking for Jemmy. 