ROMANCES OF REAL LIFE. By a Wandering Musician. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] No. XX.—MERRY'S CONFLICT OF LOVE. Merry Collies was leading lady when I first met her, and not long married. Her proper name was Miriam, hut from her sprightly dis position, superior intelligence, andindomitable energy she never got any name but Merry. She was just twenty-two then, and, though she had been all her life on the stage, was quite a lady-like girl in manner. I have seen many stars with not half her intensity of feel ing in their acting, and n othing like her subtle conceptions of character in their readings, but then they had magnificent wardrobes, and puffing notices, and giant posters, while she was clogged for life. Clogged!—yes, that is the best way to ex press it; though, I daresay, at the time, had such a thing been breathed in her hearing, she would have resented the idea hotly. I suppose the word has some connection with the cord and log with which it is usual to hamper cattle which are inclined to run too much—they can move a little, just enough to get their food, but they have to drag the heavy log with them. The log which Merry, the dashing and clever—Merry, the good and true—had to drag after her was her husband. A story writer would paint him a ready-made villain, with knitted brows, heavy fists, and brutal talk complete; but, in truth, Arthur Trevaile Was nothing of the kind. He was a good natured, easy-going lump of humanity, who could do nothing in particular but wear fine clothes, smoke cigars, and spend money— mostly on other people. I don't think he had much love for his wife in him, and he took her passionate devotion to him in the most provokingly comfortable manner imaginable. He was the son of an hotel-keeper, and had never learned any profession, had always had cigars to smoke and horses to ride for the mere taking of them, and never troubled him self much about anything. He met Merry first at an amateur theatrical performance, in which he showed himself the most densely stupid in the company, yet was so easy and cool over his blunders that the audience thought him perfect. I have a suspicion that Merry fell in love with him there and then, but how she succeeded in inspiring him with a reflection of the feeling is an inscrutable mystery, but at any rate they were soon after engaged to be married. Of course his parents rigorously opposed the match,.and thought he was about to dis grace himself frightfully by marrying aa actress. They never thought that their hand less lump of a son—their droning do-nothing, was the bad bargain, and poor Merry the victim. ■ ■ "Every crawthinks its ain bird white," and these hotel people were no exception to the rule. They were not really wealthy, but with a great show of indignation they cast off their son when he married, and then Merry man aged to get him taken on in the same company with her as " utility," thus adding a few shil lings to her salary, which helped to keep him in cigars and pocket money. He wa3 an abso lute failure on the stage, and would have been discharged but for Merry. Like many in the pulpit and on the stage, hewas agood plough man or blacksmith lost to the world. A few years later Merry came back to our theatre and then she had two children. How she managed to- live and keep their heads above water was a marvel to all, for Trevaile threw away her hard earned shillings without stint on any thirsty loafer who choseto consort with him. He was a good-looking fellow, tall and handsome in build, and I sappose, had such a hold on Merry's affections that she could refuse him nothing. The going on as utility had so long since become a farce, and Trevaile's appearance so uncertain, that it had been given up bymutual agreement, and he no longer called himself, an actor, but professed to be always on the , look-out for .some desperate hard; work by which he would make a fortune and take Merry from the stage. And all the time she slaved, and starved, and pinched, and just managed to live and no more. It was at that stage, when Merry was barely twenty-six, and actually more beautiful, as it seemed to me, in her womanliness and worth than when she married, that an incident occurred which, though trifling, was to have an important influence upon the whole of her afterlife. After rehearsal one day she was standing at the stage entrance of the theatre looking for her husband, who had promised to meet her there, when she saw a young lad of eighteen or so, poorly clad and very pallid and pinched about the face, slowly approach the spot and begin to hurriedly scan the theatre bills posted near her. The lad was fair and good looking, and limped slightly in walk ing, and on looking towards his feet Merry noticed that his miserable boots were muddy and travel-stained. From the fact that he studied only the names of the company in the bill, and a cer tain unmistakeable cut by which one pro. detects another, Merry guessed that he was an actor, and probably out of a shop—literally on the rocks. Merry was as noted for her spontanteous generosity as her husband was for comfortable selfishness, and her heart at once warmed to the shuffling and starved-looking lad. " Are you looking for any one in the bill ?" she asked at last, after vainly waiting for him to address her. "Yes, ma'm; I thought Joe Courtney was here playing old men," he said, raising his hatand rousing himself from a kind of despair ing stupor, ''but I see you have Carleton instead." "Courtney, I believe, was in the last company," she kindly answered, " but he has gone back to England." "He knows me and my people," faintly continued the lad, " and I've been out of a shop for a week or two, and had to leave all my wardrobe in P . I've walked from there now, but I'm afraid there's nothing for me here." His lips quivered and his eyes became moist as he spoke, and he was turning away to leave the spot without another word when Merry laid a hand on his arm. "Don't go till you're sure of that. I'm Merry Collins." " I know that—Mrs. Trevaile," he respect fully returned. "I have seen you act, and I knew you whenever I came forward." " Well, if you will come with me, the stage manager lives quite close to my lodging, and I will speak to him for you." "I'm not much of an actor," he modestly returned, after huskily stammering out his thanks for the offer. " Charlie Harman is my name, and second low comedy is generally what I eDgage for; but I|d do anything they care to put me to, just till I get on my feet again." In the excitement of the moment the lad tottered feebly, and would certainly have fallen but for the quickly advanced hand and strong arm of Merry. "I am strong enough," he hurriedly re marked, blushing like a girl at his own weak ness; "but I'm just.a little tired with the long walk. You are "very bind. If you will just go on I will manage to follow you. I'm a little shabby, and not so tidy as I should like to be when walking with a lady." Merry paid no attention to the hint, but, keeping her arm firmly hooked into his own, managed to get the feeble lad as far as her own lodging. There she set hinj down in a chair and hurried to place before him a basin of soup out of her own dinner pot. With the first whiff of warm, savoury steam out of the basin, however, the bravery and strength of the lad vanished, and he fainted away like a girl where he sat. When he recovered, Merry was flitting about him, feeding him with a spoon at one moment, and then pulling off his ragged boots to bathe his cut and frozen feet. While she was busy thus on her knee3 before him Charlie's head drooped on her shoulder and a choking burst of sobs shook his frame, while his hot tears dropped down on her busy motherly fingers. "You're like a mother to me," he ejaculated at last, "Ho, you must be an angeL I never thought there was any one so good on earth." " An angel? oh, fiddlesticks!" cried Merry, laughing away her own sympathetic tears, "When could an angel make soup like that? Have some more, do! It's warming you up beautifully. And here's a pair of Mr. Trevaille's socks, and a pair of old slippers, which you can put on in the meantime." " But I'm a stranger to you," said Charlie in wonderment and gratitude. "But not to misfortune, eh?" said Merry, with a bright look. "Well, my own little ones might want help some day, so we are just even. I couldn't resist helping you, so it's not worth speaking about." "You're awfully good—I'll never forget it," he said with his heart full, and then he told her his little history, from which she learned without surprise that he had not tasted food for three days, being too proud to beg or let his condition be known to any one on the way. In the first impulse of despair, on finding that his only friend was not in the company as he had expected, he had resolved to crawl as far as the river and drop in and end it all, but Merry's prompt action and kindness had prevented that. When Trevaile came home to dinner he found the stranger nursing the baby, and already a favorite with his eldest girl, then a bright little thing of two and and a half. Trevaile, with all his faults, was not wanting in generosity, and his sympathies were readily enlisted on behalf of Charlie, and Merry ana he very soon managed to dress him up decently enough to be presented to the mana ger with a view to his being taken on as one of the stock company. Merry's influence was so great that the desired result was easily brought about, and Charlie and Merry became fast friends from that day. Some were wicked enough to think that such a friendship was a dangerous one, and one of the company had the hardihood to say so, but as he was laid up for a week after the terrific thrashing he got from the indig nant young lad, that slander was nipped in tbe bud, never more to be heard of. The friendship—cr love, if it maybe so called—of Merry and Charlie, indeed, was more like that of mother and son than anything else. Merry looked out his lodging for him, and saw that his landlady did not take advantage of his good temper and inexperience; Merry looked after his clothes, and sewed on buttons, and even, I believe, darned his stockings, and decided when bis coats were worth turning and his boots in need of mending. Merry also kept his savings for him and. bought his stage wardrobe for him with a keen busi ness eye to their worth and durability; and in return Charlie nursed her baby, and took out the eldest for long walks, and wrote out Merry's parts for her, and worshipped Merry herself as no mother ever was worshipped. He even did more, for he tried to instil some of bis own manliness into her husband, and to rouse bim from his easy pleasure-taking to think of work and duty; but in that he did notsucceedsowell. Trevailehadlearnedtolike billiards better than his bairns, and company and drinking better than Merry; and aU his ideas of the future were the dreamij dreams. So he and Charlie did notag well after a little, though he was kind ei to say in a pitying tone that the lad well, and was kind to his bairns, so he f< him. Towards the end of one season, he Trevaile's dreams were roused to somi like action by some news from Americi young Irish lad—a mere novice on the —had gone out there -and made a grea and was now starring'in a play whicl been specially written for him. He wrote home saying that he was orgafiis company of his own to go through the cities of the States, and would be glad if wishing to join would write to him at a address. " That's just the thing for us, my dear,] Trevaile to Merry, between the puffs at penny cigar, ^ We can take a Joint ei ment, you know, as managers are nol judiced against me there, and I am ,tii idleness., Yes, I mean to turn over a ne< and become a man." • " An actor's life in America," obs| Charlie with great gravity, "is nothinj bar-loafing all day, and hard work at x , I know that well, for Courtney was then used to tell me all about it." "So much the better," said Trevaile ci " One is the better of seeing alittle life 1 one walks.into the grave. And the] screws are high—more than double what| Merry gets here." " It would all go in your ex's, and said Charlie; " and, suppose you want come home again, how would youmanagi " Ob, never mind tbe coming heme," the carelesB reply. "He pays our ex's, and I dare say when we get there we'll bi to turn our backs on this rotten old coi for good. I'm sick of it for my part." Charlie said nothing, for if he had any reflection on Trevaile's easy life, he it would pain Merry. As for the poor she was loth to go, seeing the devoted and sensible Charlie—whom she had learned to lean on for. counsel and strength—looking . grave and silent, but she was eager to see her husband make some effort at industry, and she gradually allowed herself to be convinced that the step was a good one. ' A letter was written, and while it was gone Charlie hoped that they would; hear no more . of it; but promptly at the end of the. month came a reply engagingMeny and her husband; at a handsome joint Balary, with a free passage out for both. . ^ ' " I'm sorry I didn't write too," said Charlie, when he saw that the inevitable had to be faced, for Charlie was clever, and had more acting in his little finger than Trevaile had in his whole body. Charlie's spirits went down from .that hour, and he moped and wandered about in a stupe fied statef or the next fortnight. He conld have seen Trevaile go away without a pang, but the, children and Merry were now part of his life. He was a quiet looking fellow of a few words, buthehad never forgotten that frosty morning when Merry spoke so kindly to him and took him famishing and ragged to her own fire side. Heal gratitude lies far deeper than words. When the morning of their departure came Charlie carried the children down to the harbor, with Trevaile walking by his side, comfortably enjoying a cigar. Merry and her husband were in high spirits, but Charlie could not smile, and looked per fectly pallid and woebegone. When the part ing came he took Merry aside and tried to slip all his savings into her hand. "It's for the children, Merry," he said when she demurred, " and who knows but you may need it all out there. I have no use for it." But Merry put it back in his hands, with her lustrous eyes looking wondrously beautiful with soft tears. "Poor Charlie—dear good fellow, I'm sorry to leave you," she said huskily, and that look and the clasp of her kind hands on his almost repaid Him for the parting. His last words were to Trevaile as they shook hands— " Be good to her, old fellow, for she has a j heart of gold," he whispered, and so they parted. When a man falls in the social scale, here I at home it is usual for his friends, after allow ing him full swing for a time, to say, " Oh, this will never do—let's send him abroad." It is awkward meeting the man in rags and possibly bare-footed, and being stopped and cravedfortheloan of a shilling, so it is thought best to purify him by sending him over the i seas. People forget, however, that the man carries his curse withhim ;that indeed he runs a risk of having his condition aggravated; and that having no longer friends to prey uponjhe may turn and prey upon strangers. Yet, an other point is overlooked, which is best illus trated by the case of a man I knew who, with the idea of " turning over a new leaf," took a journey of sixteen thousand miles and then, the more perfectly to isolate himself from evil, took a journey to a new township in the remotest part of the new country. Yet the moment he got out of the waggon in his new settlement what was his astonishment to hear a familiar voice address him with the words, " Eh, Bauldie, hoo's a' wi' ye ? Come and let's hae a dram for auld langsyne." The speaker was an old crony, and they went to the nearest public and went dram—dramming till his last condition was worse than his first. It needs, therefore, no ghost sent from the grave to tell what was the result of Trevaile's grand scheme of advancement and improve ment. Merry proved a great success in America, and Trevaile thought there was no bottom to her purse, and spent her money faster than she could earn it. It turned out just as the canny and long-headed Charlie had prophesied—bar-loafing all day, and not hard work at night, but gaming and billiard play ing. Uor was that the worst of it, for, as nearly every bar-loafer carried a revolver and a knife, Trevaile had to do likewise, and in some of the mad fits brought on by the strange drinks had a trick of taking these weapons out and bringing Merry to her senses, as he called it. Once he fired at her in her room at the boarding- house, and the ball peeled the skin off her ear, and on another occasion he nearly took the finger off his youngest child in the same way. Merry had an awful life of it, and spent whole nights in crying and bitter regrets over leaving Scot land. At last Trevaile's mad freaks and dis sipation so disgraced the company that the manager reluctantly gave Merry her notice. He gave her the option of sending away her husband and remaining; but Merry was not prepared fortbat, andsolostber situation. She got another at a lower salary, and for a time struggled on, hut, as things went from bad to worse, she at last decided to come home. With great difficulty she saved enough to pay their steerage passage home, and one day»' sent Trevaile down to pay the money and see their luggage aboard. Trevaile commenced by hav ing some drinks; then he opened the trunks and held a comic auction of all their posses sions, and speedily was saved the trouble of taking them to the vessel. He then took passage for the West with some gambling companions, who promised him grand things in 'Frisco, and Merry saw him no more. So there was the poor actress left without a lodging, luggage, or a penny in a strange land. It was this last act which eternally severed her from Trevaile. She had clung to him and loved him up to that moment; now her love was dead and buried. When she discovered all she wa3 near going down to the harbor with her children and plunging in and ending all, but the thought that she had still one friend on the other side pulled her up. With great difficulty she got a situation as nurse in one of the public hospitals, and, while managing to live in this way, wrote to Charlie, telling him only part of what she had endured. As quick as two letters could move over the Atlantic she had her answer, enclosing a money draft that must have swallowed all Charlie's savings, and then she took her passage home. Charlie was at the harbor waiting her, with beaming eyes and face radiant as the sun, but when he took the children in his arms for a grand hug on the deck of the vessel, Merry could only turn away and burst into bitter tears. " The home-coming was so different from the starting, and her mind so full of her wrongs and sufferings, that for the moment I believe even Charlie's kind face was hateful to her. " It's wrong to cry now when you've left all you're troubles behind you," was Charlie's quiet remark as they went ashore together. " This is the time to smile, and he glad and joyful." "I wish I had never lived," wa3 Merry's , despairing reply. " That's not kind, for then you could never have saved me that time when I tramped here starving," said Charlie with sweet gravity. • " I've got you your old lodging, and a shop too—as walking lady—and dinner's waiting you, so I don't think you need look sad and tearful." For a moment Merry was overcome, then she laid her hand gratefully on Charlie's arms, saying— " Ah, Charlie, if he had only been half as good and thoughtful as you, how.different my life would have been." Charlie gulped down something in silence, and then cheerfully mumbled out something to the effect that it wouldn't do if all the world were alike, and so the subject dropped, and with it Merry's tears and despair vani he, mi mi bpp and never could." • She looked into his face, and read there what he had never once before-by word or deed allowed to be revealed, and the, discovery for the'moment unnerved her. : ; _;" Just Baythe word and 111 never speak of it again," he huskily stammered, mistaking her silence for aversion., " I. only wanted tberight to shield yon and work for you.'? • Merry took his tearful face in both her hands and said the word without opening her lips, and in a way that . banished his fear for ever. They were married shortty after in the quietest manner possible, and perhapsitmake a real nice story I ought to end there, for both had reached the zenith of happiness. But to to be real the romance must he finished, so I will go on to the end. Not six months after the marriage, and when Merry was one night playing a part oa the stage, she noticed a man in the pit whose features though altered, seemed strangely familiar to her, He was grey and haggard looking, but the flash of his eyes when they met her own nearly caused her to faint on the spot, for then she saw clearly that they belonged to Arthur Trevaile, her husband. She staggered to the side and told Charlie,' and then they got through their parts with death at their hearts. , , "Iam wed to you heart and soul, Charlie," she faintly breathed when they had finished* " Come what may, I shall nevergiveyouup." Charlie only sighed and shivered, and thenr crept away to undress, and then intercept the stranger in the pit. Trevaile, however, saved him the trouble by coming round behind, and then in a kind of . stupor they listened to his explanation that he had only been nearly killed in San Fran* cisco, and that, hearing of the death of his father, he had come home to claim his shar» of the personal estate. He reproached Merry in the most bitter terms for marrying another without making sure he was dead, and con cluded by saying that he was done with her for ever, but would insist on having his children, Merry had never dreamed of an alternativer so terrible, and she screamed out and fainted, on the spot. " 1 cannot live without my children and £ will not givethemuptosuchaman," she cried, when they brought her back to consciousness, and it was there-the conflict of love began, for neither she nor Trevaile would yield a jot, and he had undoubtedly the law on hist side. Poor Charlie tried to soothe her and con vince her that the only way out of the diffi culty was for himself and her to part for ever there and then; but the frenzied woman; declared that if he left her she would kill her self, while on the other hand Trevaile declared that sooner than be reconciled to her ho would shoot himself. They could not settle the matter that night, and Charlie shook hands with her and crept out into the dark streets, in which he spent the whole night fighting with himself and praying for light. Morning came and day passed away, and still they were as far from a settlement as ever. Trevaile had taken hi3 children from Merry, and she was in a delirious fever, and uncon scious of all that was taking place around her. At night Charlie appeared like a ghost at Trevaile's lodging and piteously said— " If I disappear where no one can ever find me will you be merciful to Merry, andforgiva her and let her keep her children." Ho looked so broken and pallid, with hia eyes bloodshot, and his whole aspect altered, that Trevaile was moved in spite of himself, and stammered out some promise of conces sion. Then Charlie thanked him brokenly and left him. But something ia his manner in duced Trevaile to leave the house and follow him. Charlie went straight to the river, at the harbor part, where it is deepest, and - dropped in like a stone. In an instant Tre vaile had raised a great outcry, and leaped ia after him. He got him up by the hair of the head, and kept him on the surface till a rope was thrown down, which he fastened trader1 the rescued man's arms, and then signalled to them to draw him up. Charlie was pulled up insensible, but alive; and then the rope was let down for his rescuer. But Trevaile had vanished. Whether he had gone dowtt intentionally onfeeling that placid drowsiness which precedes drowning creep over him, on merely been overcome with exhaustion, none could ever tell, but drowned he was by the strangest irony of chance, as his recovered body a few hours later incontestibly proved. I believe myself that the man had something; noble in him after all, or had a spark of is kindled in him by Charlie's unselfish resolve., and went down knowingly. Merry is inclined to agree with me, but the suspicion does not make her less passionately devoted to Charlie. (To be continued). 