WELLINGTON. October 24. ScirooTi PICNIC.-The publio sohool píenlo whioh was arm ii ged to take place on the 17th instant, had tobe post- poned until to-day, owing to tho heavy fall of rain on Sunday previous, which it waa thought would render the ground too damp for the children. To-day won flue and dry, and in addition to tho hundreds of children attending thé WoTingtou publia school, many others came in by Tail horso and vehicles from tho surrounding schools. Tho procession aa it marched through the town towards the j chosen spot at Curri». Creok, headed by tho Wellington j band, was a most striking one, the gay attire of tho girls ¡ and ladies present, cheering tho eye with their variety of j colours. Arrived on tho ground, various games wera j engaged in for a timo, until the appetites of the youngsters \ domanded satisfaction. When they were seated on tho j ground, in circles, and a very satisfactory collection of ¡ eatables (tho gift of kind friends) were distributed and | had disappeared, sports of all kinds wore resumed to i tho enlivening strains of the band, which played i excellent selections of music throughout the day. A large j number of visitors arrived from all parts in buggies and . carts, and ntRundowutheprocession re-formed and marched , back again to town, all well satisfied with their day's 1 pleasure. j A CHAKMINO GARDEN.-Tho magnifionnt display of pausies (over 40 different varietios), comprising all the beautiful English, German, and French varieties, in the flower garden of Mrs. Marsh, of Milbulla, must be seen to be appreciated ; all aro nowiin full bloom. The verbenas show nearly every known variety, and the colons aud pelargoniums are charming, but there is ono flower there rominding tho spectator of theshady nooksand greenlanes of dear old England, tho sweet little oowslip, with its delightful porf ume. HAIN.-binco my last wo have had SO.hours' raba, and the ' country looks charming. Grass and . herbage are in ! abundance, rivers full, tho willows aro in full leaf, peach 1 troes show promise of an abundant yield, grnpo vines ure ' covered with embryo clusters. Generally speakingnrgieul- ! turistB are well satisfied, but somo predict that the wheat will bo brid by superabundant moist uro. It is lamentable, that so large a supply of good water should run to waste, j Were a judicious system of irrigation introduced into this i colony, tho disastrous effects of drought would scarcely bo j felt, and by storing water against time of need, the : beneficial effects ol' rain would bo peru-anent, and crops always abundant. j BALL.-Tho Wellington Quadrille Club gave their last ¡ ball of tho season on the 17th. Tho hall was nicely ' dccoratod and well lighted, and there were over 50 couples present, some of tho ladies being in fancy dress. Dancing : terminated at daylight. j MUNICIPAL.-Good substaniial worlc has been dono In tho principal streets of this town during tho last Iii mouths, a ¡ considerable length of kerbing and guttering completed, roads and footpaths gravelled, and ornamental trees planted, and tho aldermen havo expended tho corporation ' hinds judiciously, with but few exceptions. Tho lino of three-rail fonce on the recreation reservo side of Namina Crescent is completed, giving a great'r air of finish to that thoroughfare, and providing a guard against acci- dents from drowning in tho Dell liiver. LAW OP LTIIEL.-A public meeting was hold at the coun cii chambers on tho 18th instant, for the purpose of con- sidering tho laws of libel and contempt of court, with a view to their amendment. Tho meeting was a truly re- presentative one, being composed of members of the Press, stock and station agents, storekeepers, hotolkeepers, mail contractor, produco merchants, miller, auctioneer, butcher, solicitor, clerk, farmers, nssuranco agents, operatives, I Government officials, magis! rates, and alderman. The mayor having been called to th.i chair, after a few expla- natory remarks upon the subject of the meeting, Alderman Pridham moved tho first resolution, as follows:-"That in tho opinion of this meeting tho laws, relating to libel as affecting tho Press require to bo clearly defined by special enactment, and so modified as to discourage merely specu- lative actions and to relievo newspaper proprietors from tho necessity of proving minor dotails whoa it is proved to tho satisfaction of a jury that their strictures have been, broadly speaking, true, without malico aud for the publio benefit." Alderman O'Shea seconded, and the proposition was carried unanimously. Mr. lt. A. Staco moved tho second resolution, as follows:-"That tho power« at pre- sent exercised by the judges in dealing with charges of contempt of court should bo so defined that tho gnilt or innocence of tho acoused shall bo determined by a jury, excepting always misconduct within tho protcints of a court whilst a judgo ls sitting." Mr. T. II. Torktecondod the proposition, which was carried unanimously. Alderman Stevens moved the third resolution, viz.-" That in any revision of tho laws relating to libel, distinct provision should be made to adjust costs to the intention of the ver- dict." Mr. Forgood Bocondedthe resolution, and it was carried unanimously. Mr. Lilyman moven-" That the chairman bo requested to submit those resolutions to tho proper quarter." Mr. Porter seconded, and the motion was carried. Tho mooting terminated with a vote of thankB to the chairman. ENTERTAINMENT.-Tbo Dramatic Club gave their first entertainment on tho 19th instant, in tho band hall. Tho first pieoo plnyod was "Tho Spectre Bridegroom; or, a Ghost in Spito of Himself." A musical olio followed, when a solo was porformod on tho clarionet by Mr. B. Porter, jun., and two sentimental Eongs were sung by Mr. Porter, accompanied on tho piano by Miss Porter; a selection was also performed by the orchestra, consisting of piano, violin, iluto, clarionet, cornet, and tenor horn. The curtain then roso for tho nest piece, " Should this Moot tho Eyo." All the per- formers acquitted themselves well, and as there was a fair attendance, tho hospital funds will reap somo benefit. Messrs. Stevens, Julian, Hornasconi, Kennard, Howard, and Breeze were tho dramatic performers, aid Masters Prid ham and iiygate took tho female characters. FORMER residents of Wellington, now located in different parts of the colony, have often expressed their satisfaction at being so well informed through the columns of the " Town and Country Journal" of the doings of Wellington of the present day, and your roamers in distant ports who have friends residing here are much interested in the Wel- lington-correspondence comer.* No rising town has now. any occasion to hido its light under a bushel; as that light may now shine to thé 'most remote regions, through the immense circulation of : the " Town and Country Journal," - " " ' f I.O.Q.T,-A concert WM given ty *h« saembersoí JA» above order since my last. Tba band ball waa well nixed* and tao proceedings commenced with an address frons Mrs. Boase, who was in the chair. This lady was moe* applauded daring the coarse of ber remarks. The mern beza; of the order seated on the platform were all dressed xs) regalia. Visiting members from Dubbo and Orange con« tributod materially to the success of the evening by theil vocal efforts, and a good round sum was netted. Nsw OBGAH.-A new organ is to be provided for Sé» . John's Church. The harmonium at present in use is Alex« , andor's Ho. 1 exhibition model of li stops and knee swell. Asa. means to the desired end, a concert will shortly be given by the members of the Pbiibarmonic Society and tb* church choir, the latter comprising li vocalists. 