UNDER THE VERANDAH. "Going to. the doga" has hoen what many thousands besides myself have been doing this week. The show of doge, cats, birds, and other of onr domestic peta at tho Exhibition build ing baa been, indeed, well worth seeing. No home is complete without such addenda to it as dog, pat, canary, chickabiddies and other helps to happiness of the like sort Of these the finest assortment I ever Saw has been on show this weok. Tho dogs were best repre sented, the cats coming off hut poorly in comparison, and numbering hut in units to the hundreds represented - by their proverbial enemies, " A cat and dog life" cannot, how- over, be such a bad thing to lead, judging only by tho oxcellent condition of tho specimens of both so shown. But dogs arc not happy in each other's company ; their affection is all for their master and his household. I wonder how many people have ever noticed that Bacon propounded a theory that the dog had a re ligion — a faith in a" superior being — represen ted by his master, apd that such faith clovated tho animal beyond itself and enabled it to do olid dare and die ih and for such faith in a wqy tho dog could not do otherwise. _ . Of thd follies of" the week," th'o most talked of has been 'that wedding party from Width that essential, tho bridegroom, ahsontcd hiin- Belf. ' Tho 'strange ridlo that he sent that 11 the lawa of God did not allow the intended mar- ringe" leaves matters as mysterious as ever to everyone but himself, and ho is not' forthcom ing to explain. No youthful rashness can on 1 cither sido be pleaded. Everything, down to the minutiie of house furnishing, had boon at tended to, aud all went " merry as a marriage bell" pp to tho. time that such bell should haVo . been heard. Death-bed repentances arc .common and proper, and wo aro told that it is never loo late to repent and to mend. To" do so" within three hours of matrimony, how- 1 ever, and so to spoil the wedding feast, the- bridesmaids' fun, and to bilk the clergyman of his expected fee, is carrying repentance too- far. ' Let us hope' that it is a repentance that" may be repchtod of. Two of our judges of the Snprcmo Court' ' havo given the public a noto of their views on tho Judicature Bill now heforo Parliament. Many of the public have done similarly, but there is one useful suggestion that has not been made. If I am snbpamaed as a witness to prove any particular fact, such as what I may have witnessed in any accident, I may, in ' the present state of the law, ho questioned as to all my past life and my deeds therein. This intolerable and inquisitorial torturo is' called "testing my credibility." Called upon to state that I saw a man sign a receipt for money; I may be askod, and for vexatious purposes ' only, whether I did not come to the colony as a runaway insolvent, and. did not lonvo a wifo and. five deserted children "at homo. I .may, in fact, be asked any suggested lie as a punish-, mcnt. for telling a trnth iioportant to ono party, in the case. A limit should be put upon such ' j. licence of counsel with witnesses, and M.L.A.'a1 should look to its being douo. Much muddlo promises, to be set right by the new Postal Bill of Mr. Sargooi's-iutroduc- , tion. Tho nuisance of having to usb tfi're'o distinct classes of stamps was becoming unbear able. Fee stamps, duty stamps, arid postage ' stamps, yet all mixed up, and that evert by our. knowing and ' systematic ones. ! Deeds that shouldbcar duty stamps are wrongly awarded fee stamps, and rice reran, while I am. con tinually catching myself and others using tho penny duly stamp iu mistake for the twppenny. postage one. . To make one class of stamps serve for all purposes that , the threo aro now used for is the reform wanted aud now pro posed. The next reform needed is tlie penny postage for inland . correspondence. New Zea land has enjoyed this ndvantnge for some lime, though not needing it to tbo extent that Vic'-' toria does. . The Cartor caso, that has so occupied atten- . tion, still keepB tho boards— to use theatrical language. Tho. tables aro, however, turning, now .upon those who Carter asserts involved him in l.is pi oient trouble, for ho was seemingly a thriving and decent citizen, and that for many years, up to March last. lie asserts that lie then keenmo acquainted with the Mr. and Miss Mophlstopliele'swhohavebccu so iden- ! lified lately with his case. Ho, however, was at all events mnrried in his right name, and so did not deceive tho clergyman, who took, it appears, as much as. fivo potindB .from him for making the unholy allianco. Mephistopkelos and his lady friend would seem to havo had no idea of the importance of .names or other matters of fact anil truth. From Mr. Hooper's lately published letter, wo. can see how defec-. tivo had been his education, and lie is altoge- thcr in bis many do.velopmonts.a good -illustra tion of the probablo vniuo of our State schools to our growing population. Ono of our leading counsel lately described the game q football as being the " dullest and i dreariest of things to a spectator." It- appeared by the .reports this week' 'to liavo" been made also one of the most disgraceful eights. For such reason the match on the East Melbourne ground, between tho Carlton and Essendon clubs, . was stopped by tho in tervention of. the onlookers. It was tirao to stop such proceedings when we aro told of players being hurled down, violently kicked and Bavagoly mauled by their opponents in. tho game. To " win, .tie or wrangle" has. been hitherto thought. sufficiently strong advice to curs and cowards. To add to wrangling the " kicking" and " mauling " of those who. have been "hurled down," is something that has been hitherto praotiscd only by drunken costers and ruffians. tTp to this I hail thonght better of footballers, bnt " it is not a year that shows us a man." A charitably disposed individual lias. been lately making a present of a dozen dress coats to the Immigrants! Homo. As these claw hammer shaped adornments do not well be come cordnroy and moleskin continuations they cannot bo used by the inmates. Every thing, however, becomes nseful in its proper time, if wo will but wait. The Mayor's forth coming ball will now bring theao coats into the market, where they will likely fetoh a good price. Tho old clothes shop of Cleoland lias been long closed, and it was thence that I for merly drew my ball dress supplies, as did likely enough many others. ' The auction salo " of those hithorto misplaced coats ito como off this week, and will be quite a reliof to the now ' overworked tailors. I Our cheap colonial wines have a fine future before them. It is now tho accepted opinion I of the best authorities in Britain that insanity arising from drink is caused by spirit drinking 1 only. .Wino drinkers find, th'eir troubles in'1 heated blood, disorders of . tho kidney and in ' gout, lint their drink does not, drive thorn mad, All the evils of wino drinking are causod only 'by drinking to excess. Our forefathers wore : nourished on clarots arid ale, Whilo their unde niably degonorated descendants will drink brandies and whiskies. Tho alo wliioh was drunk in bygono tirao had, however, an advan- tago in its sweetness. It may bo fashionable to drinlc bitter bder, biit thc torito for it is un questionably an acquired ono, Tho " cakes I and' ales" of which ShaliBpeare wrote were ' both swoet, and tho bettor 'likod for such quality. , - News lias como of a now. achievement to add (o Australian fame. . One of our holies on lier- travels has driven a lovor.to desperation and Buicide. This is a sad- way, certainly, of intro ducing Australian produce to notice. Our belles 'ri 111,1 suppose, now soon havo an opportunity hof'gottlrig finishing Icsbods in flirting from tho expected Mrs. Langtry. Whether her Ameri ca h cohquest will accompany her or not seems to .bo tho question. Should that soft hdarted —and hehddd— young man not como there will Be plenty found here to tako his place. Our rich s'qualtora are providing his liko in lioirs to their wealth ' who inherit nothing, nothing from their fathers in tho way of brains. Mrs. Langtry's agent was two yoars, or more, lately in, Victoria, and will no doubt adviso the lady, of all the opportunities, theatrical and otherwise, which the colony offers. 0(ir 'colonial youths whoso fathom have lived to leave them more monoy than wit may takea liirit from what others similarly situ ated' arc doing in London. Wo all know of i thp ' amateur drivera of tho ' stago coaches that have been started for racro' occupation of tlie "driver's time. Tho cab ranks have now been inva led, younger members of tho groat 'houses of Lonsdale and .Shrewsbury ' pwning many cabs. Tho Shrewsbury i bansoma ato among, the best on tho .cab stands, ' and bear tho coronet and motto of the owner upon their panels. Tho son of an 1 carl is a licensed driver of ono of theBC vo; . hiclcB, and had to. pass his examination, mqch 'ps ; a sailing master vv.ould.have to do, before ob- Itftiuinga certificate. Many queer. adventures : are nodohlit told by these aristocratic cab- ; fn<!n,.wlio'so clioScji occupation shows painfully i Chough 'what a hard life it is that these poor idle follows have to lead. , , . : By way of increasing the income of the Ex- , eheijuer, it lias been proposed lately in Eon- don to impose a stamp duty on all tickets of ' admission" to theatres, music halls, and race courses. Since Mr. Robert I.owo proposed to tax matches thero 1ms not been so unpopular a \- proposal as this taxation of pnb'.io amuse ments. The Chancellor of the Exchequer re- ccived this idea as a bint from the inland re- ' venue officials, or one of them, hut i|nickly ' saw how impolitic it would be to attempt to i carry such a motion. Tlie idea will therefore likely " remain among the many other ideal . modes of '"raising tho wirid." OvCrwoYkcd and night-worked newspaper men, "as rilso' a few Parliamentarians, who also kcep'lato hours, have" been complaining mnch lately, Tlleir trouble line been that their mor ililigy sleep is disturbed by steam whistles and fog horns calling other laborers to their day's toil. In my little village in the old \- country tlioso wanting such arousing always ! paid tiy' subscription a tril'o a week to aomo : otherwise unoccupied being to call them at the , enrly hour'. The complaint! of the so disturbed skljpc'rs havo been felt as far as Fiji, where the fog horn and steam whistle appear for a , time to haVc depopulated a whole island, Tho discordaiit'screams of the whistle were con sidered to' bo unearthly in character and to proceed from tho ghost of one lately buried who had been very troublesome iu her life time. Surely. what could scare eavagre and .produce 'a stampede among caunibals might bo suppressed, in civilised neighborhoods. But tho labor of tho head and that of tho night long toiler is, unfortunately, too often least re garded. ' " " \- Somo people mustgiycreas'orisfor all they do, not having' tho Btrengtti of mind of oho who, in Shakspearo'a language, would "give no rea son on1 compulsion." Those homeward bound are mostly troubled in this way. One of tho moat singular, not to say absurd, rcris'onB for going to tho othor end of tho' world was, 'as I .heard it this weak, "to make a will-providing for- relatives living in England." Of a piece witli'snch simplicity is thatofanadvertisrr.who this \vcsk- announces not only that he is not a. married man, but that bis reason for so 'publicly notifying it is " in consequence of pending settlements of legacies in Scotland," .Scotch' law is certainly abstruse,' hut nothing in it relates to the condition a legatoe must be in when" receiving a legacy. In d cellar at Philadelphia havo been found twerity-ono skeletons of infants, put away .there as buried. Tho premises had been oc cupied by a lately deceased doctor; It would ho curious to learn whother tho crime of infan ticide will ever yield such testimony of its prevalence in our community, Nono of onr mcdioal mon would bo guilty of tho like. They all, of conrse, practise in tho highways,, and none in tho byways of their profession. Tho "reduction of shapes on those who have secured themselves from' leading apes, but keep tho reputation of virginity " may be fol- lowed by doctors in Philadelphia, bnt not in Victoria. Oh dear no I Nothing would but- priso mo more than for a collar half full of infqntilo remains to bo discovered in or about Melbourne. Tho world's greatest swimmer has found a swimmer's grave. ' Captain Webb sleeps be. noath tho waters of Niagara River, in at tempting to swim the whirlpool on which he mot bis death by drowning. Ho thought to cross it ns sncocBsfully as did Blondiri, but In; stood thcroof has' found the death that Ham Patch, the diver, similarly found near tho sriina spot in past years.' His' sixteen' hours' riwiitf OCTpBstho English Channel from FolkBtorio to' Boulogne was an unequalled feat, and by that; no less than by the' place of Ids' grave, ho will' lie remembered. Ho had not outlived his fnmo, nsmany do in tliess days of nine day winders, and his name will now form part of ' Niagara's story. Tho whirlpool ho sought to" croria, is. somo mile, distant from the falls and where. tl)o. force , of tho uprising of the . lately- bpricd bulk, of water coming over tho rocks-higher up is fully felt— a perfect. mael- stroih in appearance is this whirlpool. I havo bofororac . two pamphlots which thq Royal Sooiety of Victoria, fix its laudable dew sire to add'totho common stock of knowledge,' has lately' issned, entitled reapeotlvely 7 fit Plianerogamia of the Mitta Mitta source and their Habitats, and The Prolcacce of the Victorian Alps. Tho former pamphlet gives ns a' ' full hiBtory of tho " dicotylodonai" of Victoria' with its subdivision of " choripctalre-hypo.' gynm" and tlio " cboripetabe-perlgyua-" the latter again divided into the "Legutriino. sea;," "Rhamnnccte," Myrtacem," &c.; Tho awed reader of pamphlet No. 2 is at once confronted by an attraetivolist of species of proteacca; the most prominent of which appear to be " Per-' soonia confcrtiflora," the "Grcvillca rainosis- sima" nnd tho "Banksia marginata." My - own opinion concorning this scicntifio jargon is that a use for it might possibly be found if " Man conld ondure as of old for a thousand ' long yoars," bnt that in tho present limited space of life thero is no room forstndics nnretv' romantic, ATTICUS. 