fllMscellaneous. Richard Wagner. SosiK flashes of Richard Wagner’s quaint dry humor are perceptible in or.o of his own sketches of his boyish fancies, tastes, and ambitions. "When I was nine years old,” he writes, “ nothing pleased mo so well as ‘ Freischuetz.’ I often saw Weber pass our house as ho came from rehearsal j I ever contemplated him with sacred awe. My tutor, whose regular function it was to explain Cornelius Nepos to me, was obliged at last to consent to give me pianoforte lessons. As soon as I had mastered a few Anger exeroises I set to work secretly—and at first without the notes—to learn the ‘ Freischuetz ’ over ture. Ono day my tutor happened to hear me practising, and obsorved that ‘I should never do any good.’ He was quite right; all my life long I have never been able to learn to play the piano. However, I wont on play ing for my own sole pleasure—nothing but overtures,' and with vilest fingering imaginable.My musical occu pations woro, of courao, secondary mnttors; tho ohiofonos woro Greek, Latin, Mythology, ami Anciont History. I wrote poems, too. Once a schoolfollow died, and wo boya woro instructed by our master to write, caoh of us, a sot of verses upon tho death; tho best of all, ho said, should bo printed. Mino it wns that obtained tho honors of typo, but not until I had pruned it of many oxoro9conoes. At that tnno I wns olovun years old. Nothing would do, naturally, but I muat beoomo n poot. I thcroforo sketched out an enormous tragedy, made up of about equal parts of • Hamlet ’ and 1 King Lear.' Tho plot wns roally most tremondous. Forty-two human beings per ished in the courao of tho piooo, and I found myself compelled, in order to rondor a per formance feasible, to bring most of my characters ‘ on ’ again ns ghosts, as othorwiso I should hnvo boon short of dramatis persona for my last two acts. I was busy with this play for two wholo years. At school (Leipzig) I became idle and knnvish. Tho only thing I cared for was my great tragedy. Bethovcn’s music to 1 F.gmont' stirred mo so powerfully just then that I resolved not to bring out my play upon any account until it should bo sot to music of a similar eharaotor. I had per fect confidence in my own capacity to write tho requisite music, but thought it might por iinps bo as well, boforo beginning to oomposo it, to enlighten mysolf with respect to a fow elementary laws of thorough- bass. To this end I borrowed Logier’s ‘ Mothod ’ for a week, and studied it engerly, but not with Buoh fruitful results as I had anticipated. The difficulties of counterpoint nt once irritated and fascinated mo: I resolved to become a musician. .Meanwliilo my hugo tragedy had been discovered by my family, and had pro foundly caddenod them by conclusively prov ing that I must have thoroughly neglected my sehoolwork on its account. Under 'theso circumstances I hold my tongue about my now vocation ns a musician: but nono tho less did I furtively compose a sonata, a quar tette, and an arid. As soon as I folt myself sufficiently matured by my self.imposed musi cal studies, I made full confession to my people, with whom I had hard battles to fight; for they very naturally regarded my musicnl yearning as a passing passion—all the moro so as it certainly was not baced upon any real preparatory study, or even upon a certain amount of fnoulty in playing upon any instru ment.Just tlion the July Revo lution broke out; instantly I became a revo lutionist, and came to the conviction that n man possessed of a grain of energy cannot but bo bound to occupy himself exclusively with politics. Forthwith I begnn an over ture on a political subject, quitted school, and entered tho University—not to devote myself to the study of a ‘ Faculty,’ for I folt myself dedicated to a musioal career, but to pick up philosophy and (esthetics. I took no advan tago whatsoever, however, of this opportunity to improve my education, but plunged into all manner of student excesses, with such fri volity and extravagance that I soon got sick of them. When I came to my senses again, I felt the necessity of recommencing my musical studies at the very beginning, and sticking to them sternly. Providence per mitted mo to light upon the right man to in spire mo with now lovo for tho art, and render it intelligible to me by fundamental instruc tion. That man was Theodor Weinlig. Under him I studied counterpoint, and learned to know and deeply love Mozart." 