MISCELLANEOUS. Twelve publicans have been fined at the' City Court, Melbourne, for Sunday trading. The late M. Gambetta's father, who has ? kept every letter that Ms son ever wrote to him, even in early childhood, it is said, con templates publishing the entire collection at no distant date. Four harrels of thfi wAtnr nf tha draat Salt Lake (U.S.) will leave, after evapora tion, nearly a barrel of salt. The lake was discovered in the year 1820, and no outlet from it has yet been ascertained. A boy named B. W. Stevens, in the em ploy of Mr. A. Oliver, of Wandearah, was kicked on the head by a horse on Friday last, and died from the effects of the acci dent on the following day. An unfortunate being, who has struggled through 45 year* of his life under the name of Nathan Ruzanowskowski, has been' allowed by a Philadelphia court to curtail his name, and in the future to write it Nathan Roseman. A sensational wager is reported to have been made by Messrs. Miller, Jones, and O'Brien to Mr. F. A. Smart, the owner of Warwick and Archie. The bet in question was 20,000 to 1,000 against Warwick win ning the two Derbys at Randwick and Flemington. The local paper says that at the Police Court on Wednesday, April 24, a man named John Webster was sentenced to one month's imprisonment ia the Wallaroo gaol, without hard labor, far tendering a penny piece covered with quicksilver to Mr. Crews for a glass of beer. A man named Herman West when cross ing the Nairne railway, on the Bay road,, on Tuesday last with a van did not observe an approaching train. The engine struck the van, knocking it to pieces, and West was rather severely injured about the head and body. Mrs. Nitschke, the wife of a farmer at Yah!. Mount Gambier. was aittinsr on the - sofa reading on the 19th inst., when some members of the family noticed her head drop on the table, and on going to her found that death had done its work. The local, doctor concluded that death resulted from, heart disease. The Sultan of Turkey has commenced the foundation of a national public library, and has ordered all the literary treasures cow buried in mosques and religious houses to be sent to Constantinople as the nuoleus of the new library. He has invited several European librarians to assist him in th« work. A New Zealand newspaper tails of some extraordinary yields in the South Island on the estate of Mr. Michael Studholme. Eight acres yielded 821 bushels of wheat, and in the Lake country 140 bushels of oats to the acre. , The straw is represented as having been * ft. 6 in. in height, and the ears measuring 1 ft. The latest development of ' woman's, rights' is reported from New Brunswick. At the funeral of a woman. the other-day, in St. John's, the pall-bearers were six women wearing black dresses and white VD1U9 -*U\X f^lVYt^O. JLX1QJT balUCU fcUO 1-U1IZU from the house to the hearse, into and out of the church, and lowered it into the grave. According to the dailies, a terrible mining accident occurred at the Ellenborough mine, Eaglehawk, near Sandhurst, on Monday night last. Eight men were working in the stopes, when a mass of quartz weighing about 50 tons fell. Two of the men, An drews and Dennis, were crushed to death, one named Ragless was rather seriously in jured, and the others escaped with slight injuries. Two ladies (sisters) were recently weighed at Smythesdale, whose united weight amounted to 83st and ^lb, the elder weigh ing 14st 10id, while the younger turned the scale at 18st 41b, The sum of their united ages amounts to 57 yerrs ; and their uuusual weight in no way affects their health, or prevents them from taking their share of * the active duties of life. The projected tunnel under the River St. Lawrence, at Montreal, Canada, is to ba 16,000ft. long, or almost exactly three times the length, of the Hudson River tunnel, and 13g times the length of the Thames tunnel. The greatest depth will be 166ft below the entrances. The grades ave not so steep as these of the Hudson River tunnel. The contract requires completion of the work (by Mr. Romillard) in three years. The Daily Neics says that roughly speak ing, there are nearly 225,000 tons passed through the London Central Market in the course of a year. A maximum daily delivery may be put down at 1,500 tons, but the daily average is 700 tons, and it is on record that the greatest weight ever brought in on any one day was 1,743 tops. Whole sheep have lately been sold for lid per lb. The prices are about Is for best joints of mutton, and 11| per lb for Scotch roasting beef. A curious accident bafel one of the em ployees (W. Drysdale) of the Dispatch office on Saturday last (says the local paper). He was explaining something in connection with the working of one of the machines and putting his hand too near the cog-wheel the nail of the little finger was as carefully extracted, with little or no pain, as if a sur geon had performed the operation ; in fact the late possessor did not know that it was gone until he had examined the injured digit. By the opening of the St. Gothard rail way, England seems to be benefitting hardly less than those more immediately affected, early fruit and vegetables being conveyed without transhipment from all parts of Italy to Ostend, Antwerp and Rotterdam, whence they are brought by fast steamers to London and other British ports. It is understood that the. Great Eastern railway alone has within a few months brought over 6,000 tons of such produce. Steel manufacturers are anxiously await ing the result of a trial of paper rails to be made on a prominent Western road. Car ' wheels of the material have long been in use, and are reported to give satisfaction. The rails. are said to be made wholly of paper pulp, subjected to a pressure which renders it solid as metal. It is claimed that the paper rails are not affected by atmo spheric changes, that they are mote durable than steel, and that they can be mancfac ; tared at one-third less cost than those of steel. — New York Herald,. A Remarkable discovery in textile fibres is rfeported in the A.merica'n Gardeners' Monthiy, which states that cotton is the ?only vegetable product which yields an ? ultimate fibre which can be spun directly ?without further process The fibre of -'iliemp, flax, and other plants is compound. Ekiaau has discovered and patented a pro cess by which these compound fibres cau be ^cheaply reduced to ultimate ones. The effect of this discovery on cotton culture is looked forward to with much interest. The Melbourne Leader says the vintage at -Wodonga is just finished, and the yield is remarkably good, being much iu excess of ' the Tetarns published with regard to vine yards uotth, of. the Murray. In one instance a vigneron near Wodonga has obtained a yield «gual to 500 gallons to the acre. Not 'withstanding this very satisfactory abund ance, however, prices have been well maintained. Must has been purchased at Is 3d per gallon, and found a ready sale. 'One fern of winemakers here has also bought about 100 tons of grapes from the smaller growers at £8 per ton. A regular eeene took place at the concert of Mr. Sims Beeves at Croydon. After the celebrated tenor had eung ' Tom Bowling,' the audience demanded an encore, and Mr. Reeves came on and bowed twice. Other performers were then sent on, but the audience refused to listen, and hissed the singers off the stage. The uproar continuing the grand pianos were shut down, and the performers all went away, the audience being left to retire without the programme iieing finished, amid some confusion. la a recently issued report on the sanitary ?condition of Italy, It is stated that at the present time the country' possesses about 100,000 Eucalyptus plants, of which about 30,000 have been planted by the railway administration, and 70,000 by private in dividuals. After the proof given during the severe winter 1879-80, the future of certain species of the tree is assured in the most positive manner. As to the beneficial effects to be derived from the Eucalyptus, it is considered certain that the plant is a powerful absolvent of moisture on wet lands, while its influence by means of balsamic emanations, if not so positively ascertained, is still maintained lay many. Some anonymous but presumably pious person has been ia the habit for many years of sending SL Benan this darkly suggestive sentence -.—'JSipourant Hy avait ?mi enfer I'— 'Yet if there should be a hell !' M. Renan 6ays that he is much obliged to the person who is so anxious for his soul's welfare. 'But hell,' he adds, 'is a supposition very inconsistent with what we know of divine goodness. More over, if there be one, I can conscientiously \- .affirm that I have not deserved it. A small amount of purgatory would perhaps be fair ; and I would ran the chance of that, as :? paradise would come next ; and pious souls, I hope, woold obtain indulgences to shorten \- mystay in purgatory. The infinite good ; mess that I have experienced in this world Inspires me with a conviction that at least an equal goodness pervades eternity; and in that I put my trust.' — Leader. Some shocking revelations writes the Pall . Mall Gazette, have recently been made in connection with the working of Sing Sing prison, the well known New York penal establishment. Theodore Burnett formerly a convict at Sing Sing, has given evidence before *'' Legislative Committee at New '^^^jSi'tp : the barbarities practised in the 3£rj8da. I|Se gave the names of men who, he ;af£*Me&,liad died or been driven insane by overwbrk'^and cruelty. Another witness, Arthur A. Hessier, described similar out irages, and declared that Keeper Haggarty once sent Mm a live rat, which he greedily devoured, eo near starvation was he. Ex keeper Campbell, who had been discharged from his position in the Clinton prison, told .equally horrible stories. Dr. Martin A. McGovern bore witness to a disgraceful state of things in the medical department of Sing Sing. These disclosures have, it is stated, excited much popular indignation in the United States. The following figures are taken from the statistics of the Franco-Serman war, pub lished by the Prussian War Office: — In August, 1870, 780,728 aerman soldiers .crossed the French frontier, followed during the war by 222,762 others. The soldiers ?remaining in Germany were 400,000. At :the close of the armistic the German army rcosnted .936,918 men. The army besieging Pane cumbered 180,000 men, while the Paris garrison numbered 230,000 men. The number of combats in which at least one /company, one squadron, or a battery was ^engaged was 766 ; 333,311 French prisoners were sent into Germany. The French lost 107 flags, 7,441 cannons, and 855,000 fire arms. The loss of the German army was 129,000 men, of whom 40,862 were killed, and 88,838 wounded; 17,572 were killed on the field, and 10,710 died in consequence of -their wounds. The battle of Gravelotte -eost 20,159 men; Mars-la-Tour, 15,790; Woerlh, 10,642; Sedan, -9,924 ; the siege: of Paris, 12,509.; and Metz, 5,571. The .number «f shots from field guns was 562,662. The soldiers ased 30,000,000 ?cartridges, the most being hy the -3rd .corps at Mars-la-Tour, where 720,000 rifle shots were fired, and -the batteries fired 10,600 grenades. The Melbourne Telegraph reports that the ?detective police are engaged in the investiga tion of a strange case in which a woman named Mary Daly, who is at present an inmate of the Melbourne Hospital, is the principal party interested. She arrived in the colony recently from America, and had, According to information she has supplied, about 70 sovereigns concealed in a belt which she wore round her waist. A day or two ago she was walking about the city with the intention of visiting a shipping office, for the .purpose of securing a passage to England, and made her way into the Treasury Gacdens, where she eat down on one of the seats. While there she was accosted by a well-dressed female, and an acquaintance began. The stranger invited her, go she alleges, into a house near the gardens. They had same porter together, and Mrs. Daly became almost unconscious. She became aware that her new acquain tance and another 'woman were robbing her, and tried to resist them, whereupon they beat her, and she nest found herself lying in the street some distance away, minus her money. She was picked up, taken to the Melbourne Hospital, and admitted, as one of her hips was found to be injured. 'Old Brasher' in the Mount Barker Courier contributes the following : — ' A ?writer in the Christian Colonist professes to be astonished because rain has lately fallen in large quantities, although the churches have not publicly prayed for it. ' Like ne a father pitieth his children so the tord pitieth ihew that fear Him,' is goo- cripture, and an earthly parent does not squire to be expressly asked before con srring a gift upon those who are either raorant or careless concerning what is good -r them. The limitation of the divine oodness which is attempted by such men 9 the writer in question is on all fours rith his own straitened intelligence doubt -ss, but it certainly is not in accordance rith the teaching of the Great Book. I ave been accused of irreverence with re ard to holy things, but surely there is lore injustice done to religion by such tatemeuts as that which I have quoted ban by the familiar use of some Scripture assages. Not many years ago one of the Jliristian Colonist leaders against the pre alent habit of smoking wound up with the uery, ' How can the Holy Ghost dwell in breast that is saturated with tobacco moke ?' so that its editor at least should a the last to fir.d fault with lesser offenders gainst reverence and good taste.' Doctor A. Meyer proposes a new system f interring bodies until cremation has 3me into universal use, which we think dll not be for some time yet. His method insists of putting the body into a coffin lade of smelted glass, heavy, opaque, and lick, which would be hermetically closed y means of a silicious cement, which be ?mes in time as hard and as durable as the Lass itself. No gas or any of the products F decomposition could escape, he affirms, ?om such a coffin, and if required the adies might be preserved from corruption y the introduction of carbonic acid gas. fe also states that the glass works of lelgium are in a position to furnish these jffins at about the same price as those tade of wood. We certainly think the iggestion worthy of being examined, and mt a trial should be made of the doctor's iheme. — Belgium News. This is what 'Broadbrim,' the New rork correspondent of the Kapunda Herald, iys about the ' Jersey Lily :' — It is not jeessary to say that the divine English oman will be a success, not as an actress, at oh my ! well, as I was going to say — ell she is — she is — am — ah — oh, you lould see her, you really should ; oh my ! iittercups and daisies covered all over with aneydew, sweet-smelling sassafras, with lignonette and verbena, button- hole ouquets and marigolds, and all sorts of retty and nice smelling things; that is Lrs Langtry, It is worth something to iok at her picture ; but to see the original, ell — five dollars is dirt cheap. It is the ighest economy to look at such a woman ; ir six months after seeing her the very lought of her would sweeten your tea and take you think an Irish potato was a ineapple or a banana. What will become [ the boys when she comes out in short resses I don't know. It is not only the -llow8 but the girls are crazy ; girls with rms like sticks of sealing wax are wearing ght fitting jerseys, the thinner they are le more they desire to show their shape ; -r the same reason I suppose that a particu rly homely woman never wears a veil, and le exceedingly pretty delights in hiding 3r face, A painful incident occurred in a ballroom i Bedford County, North Carolina, the ;her night. While the dancers were in le midst of a quadrille a young lady, 'Miss lelle Read, 'stepped up' to Mr. Scott lay ton, who- had consented to call out the ;jure8, and told him he was not calling tern right. Mr, Clayton considered Miss Lead's interference unnecessary, and replied imewhat indignantly, although those 'ending near him affirm that he used no iscourteous language. Among Miss Read's lany admirers present was a Mr. A. Barks ale, who chanced to overhear Mr. Clayton's jmarks, and so entirely disapproved of iem that before Miss Bead had resumed er place among the dancers he also stepped up' to Mr. Clayton and called imto account. Not being satisfied with It. Clayton's explanation, Mr. Barksdale rew a knife from his pocket, with which e severed Mr. Clayton's jugular vein. The ance was brought to an abrupt termina ion, Mr. Barksdale being the first to leave he room. On the following morning he rent to a sawmill and borrowed a gun from n acquaintance, saying he wished to shoot rabbit. Instead, however, of shooting a abbit he went to a neighboring house, shot imself, and died. George Mack, of Darnall, near Sheffield, i«d last year, and, having left no will, his roparty, which was very considerable, assed to his nephews. The eldest nephew, Mward, was known to have gone to the Lusso-TarkiBh war, where he was engaged s a doctor. He was believed to be dead, ut the solicitor for the younger nephew ranted proof of his death. The only proof btainable was an affidavit from Mr. Lam 3n (who was executed for the Wimbledon lurder). Dr. Lamson had seen the nephew t Sistova, lying dangerously wounded in be hospital, and he certified that his wound ras such as rendered recovery impossible. Lttaehed to this affidavit was a photograph, rhich Lamson identified as the portrait of he nephew who was supposed to have died a Sistova Hospital. On the strength of his affidavit an application was made to he Court of Probate to get the date of leath assigned and administration issued. Lf ter considering all the circumstances, the sourt made an order and assigned his ieath to have taken place about the ime Lamson saw him, and ordered idministration to issue. The very next lay the missing nephew appeared at ;he office of the solicitor for the petitioner. Ele was in a very emaciated condition, laving suffered severely from his injuries, ;he most serious of which was a bullet jeound in the head. Contrary to expecta ion, he had recovered, and, after various jerils, made his way to England, arriving here the day after he had been legally leclared to be dead. The Sydney Town and Country Journal, in an article on the South Australian wheat pield, remarks z — ' It is not creditable to the iarmers that the average yield of wheat in South Australia is only about five bushels per acre. The weather, no doubt, has some thing to do with this unsatisfactory state of things, but not to the extent that is gene rally supposed. Droughts often occur, and they seriously affect the harvests ; but hu man indolence and stupidity are the princi pal causes in producing the result referred to. The Government lecturer on agricul tural chemistry drew attention to this matter a few weeks ago. He pointed out that the ground in the colony wa« farmed in the most slovenly manner ; not only was manure seldom or never used, but the tilling was done in a most disgraceful fashion, and he pointed out that it would be absurd to expect an improved average yield from the land under cultivation until the principle: of science were energetically applied to the development of the agricultural resources ol the country. Hitherto the majority oi colonial farmers have ridiculed high- clasf farming in connection with the wheat in' dustry, on the ground that it could never b- made to pay ; but men who have made 'the experiment intelligently have proved the contrary. The great argument used by the farmers against manuring has been the un certainty of the climate ; but the climate is just as uncertain in England, ana high-class farming is diligently practised there. If South Australia intends to ke*ep her reputa tion for being the greatest wheat- producing colony of the group, she should without delay abandon her present methods of farming, and adopt those methods which experience has demonstrated to be the only ones that can produce satisfactory results.' ' Atticus' in the Melbourne Leader has the following^ — Perhaps a more novel enterprise for the amusement of the public was never undertaken than that of Mr. fiurk Hardt, the late manager of the Garden Club at Fitzroy, who on Wednesday last set sail from this port with forty native kangaroos. Mr. Hardt, though naturalised here, was born and bred in Austria, but left that country ' under the protection of the Austrian Band' and visited these shores. Since his arrival he has tried his hand it many ventures and being of a very in genious mind and fertile in resources has generally succeeded in making his account. His present essay is a venturesome one. Saving succeeded in snaring his kangaroos he has for some weeks past been engaged in their elementary education with the object of familiarising them with each other, and with himself previous to their embarkation. In this way he has succeeded to some ex tent in overcoming their natural fear and timidity at Bight of 'the human face divine,' and with his happy Australian family has now set Bail for Europe, on his way to Vienna. In that capital he has already caused a preliminary advertisement to be made of a forthcoming grand kangaroo hunt to be held under the patronage and in the presence of the Empre'ss — herself a notable huntress. Before leaving Melbourne I sought an interview with the enterprising Austrian ; and in the course of conversation suggested to him that his venture was fraught with considerable risk. ' Not so much as yeu think,' said he, ' they stand me in about 25s a piece, and such of them as may die I shall stuff and be able to sell at places we touch at for more than four times that sum.' ' But, supposing,' I rejoined, ' that they all die, what then?' 'Well,' said he 'that would certainly be rather awkward so far as the hunt is concerned, but should such a catastrophe happen I mean to pop a young larrikin into each of the skins and exhibit them in cages. The public will be none the wiser, and will at all events get their sight for their kreutzer.' I commend this young entrepreneur on his return to the notice of Mr. R. S. Smythe. The trial of the three defendants, Foote, Ramsay, and Kemp, the editor, proprietor, and publisher of a weekly paper entitled the Freethinker, for writing and publishing blasphemous libels, was concluded at the Central Criminal Court, London, on March 5\. Mr. Justice North, in summing up, defined the legal meaning of blasphemy as being any contumelious reproach or profane scoffing against the Christian religion or the Holy Scriptures, and any act exposing the Holy Scriptures and the Christian religion to ridicule, contempt, or derision. The jury had nothing to do with the question whether the prosecution had been wisely or unwisely commenced. The jury after a very brief consultation, and without leaving the box, returned a verdict of guilty against all the defendants. Mr. Justice North, addressing Foote, said, ' Foote, you have been found guilty by the jury of publishing three blasphemous libels. This trial has been to me a very painful one, as I regard it as ex tremely sad to find a person to whom God has given such evident ability and intelli gence should have chosen to prostitute his talents to the service ef the devil in the way it has been done under your auspices. I consider this paper totally different from any of the works you have brought before me in every way whatever. The sentence I now pass upon you is that you be im prisoned for 12 calendar months.' Im mediately upon the passing of this sentence a scene of the greatest excitement and tumult ensued in the gallery, which was full of the prisoner's friends. Rising together they burst forth into a storm of hissing, groaning, and derisive cries. Foote brought about a momentary lull, as, looking towards the bench, he cried, 'My lord, I thank you ; it is worthy of your creed,' but immediately afterwards the uproar became worse than ever, several calling out ' Chris tians indeed 1' and ' Judge Jeffries.' The judge ordered the gallery to be summarily cleared, which was done after some trouble by the police. Ramsay was then sentenced to nine months' and Kemp to three months' imprisonment. Cattell, the newspaper agent, who had been convicted of selling the Christmas number of the Freethinker, was then put into the dock to reciive sentence. He was ordered to enter into his own recog nisances in £300, and to find one surety in £100, to come up for judgment when called upon. ' Discretion is the better part of valor.1' — Tom and Arthur have been rude to mamma. Mamma had complained to papa, who is heard coming up stairs. Arthur : ' I say, Tom, here comes papa ; I shall pre tend to be asleep.' Tom: 'I shan't; I shall get up and put something on.' About Cats. — ' You are accused,' said the Austin recorder to the culprit, ' of having fired a gun twice within the city limits. Did you kill or cripple anybody ?' ' No, air.' ' It ie a very serious matter to fire off a gun in the city limits and not kill anybody. Don't you know you are liable to be punished very severely for such careless ness ?' ' Yes, your honor ; but there are some very mitigating circumstances.' ' What are they, and how many of them are there?' ' They are cats, your honor; and from the noise they made I should think there were about a thousand of them. They made a worse racket than Wash Jones and Ireland did when they had that joint gubernatorial discussion at Houston.' ' So you are troubled by cats ?' ' Yes, your honor, they worry me nearly to death, and I fired at them twice. That's how I came to violate the city ordinance.' Recorder (brightening up) : ' Come here, prisoner, I wish to consult with you confidentially. Tell me how many did you kill ?' ' Three with the first barrel and two with the second.' 'Splendid! Glorious! Whet size shot do you use when you violate the city ordinance by discharging firearms within the city limits ?' ' I use duck shot ; it fetches them every time.' ' I am glad to hear that. I've been using a size smaller when I violated the city ordinance. Would you object to lending me your gun ?' ' I will lend it you with pleasure,' replied the prisoner ; ' but your honor must remember that you are liable to be severely puniBhed it you 'hoot off a gun inside of the city limits and do not kill anybody.' ' You can go, but do not let it happen again.' 