LOVE IN A BOAT. 'Four times, dear Gharles, you have fixed the night, and mamma or papa has been in the way, and spoilt it all. JDo take uie!' It was Olarindia Theodora Smith who spoke, and to Charles Josephus Brown, her persecuted lover. It is true that Charles Josephus did not look particularly pale, or starved, or miserable ; neither did iron chains load his delicate shoulders, nor rings the tops of hia patent leather boots ; the persecuted one was no more than a very ordinary young man, and draper's assistant, of such as you might meet by the thousand every day in a great metropolis, his only characteristic an intensely romantic and erratic heart, which answered with the beat of love to the glance of any 'lovely' ?woman — was never long constant. In fact, this unfortunate love-sensitiveness had come to be quite a disease with Charles Josephus ; and he had several times narrowly escaped legal proceedings and thrashings, owing to the cold-blooded manner in which he had jilted old ladies and young maidens indis criminately. A human biped had but to give one kind word, one seducing glance to Charles Josephus — supposing that biped to be a woman — and he was fatally snared and held hard and fast in the charmer's eervice. At present, Miss Clarindia Theodora Smith possessed, as she had done for many months past, Mr. Brown's heart ; and it was only the well-known propensity of Gharles Josephus to forsake hia loves that prevented papa and mamma Smith from sanctioning the young man's attentions. They had not even seen Josephus, who, a stranger, had met their daughter at a Sunday school picnic.t Thus it was that the four several attempts of Charles Josephus to inveigle Miss Smith from her home and to a moonlight row upon the bay, had been foiled by the artful old paterfamilias ; but that night there would be a beautiful and full moon and balmly air, and Miss Clarinda had determined to have a row at all hazards, and also to get Charles to fix the day for their union — whether a respectable or runaway one Miss S. did not greatly care. It was half -past seven; and two figures mysteriously wrapped about, came through the gateway of Mr. Smith's Point residence and stole noiselessly towards the wharf. Miss Smith's little figure concealed in ?waterproofs, had much the appearance of an unromantic German sausage, while Mr. Brown was in a long Spanish cloak, and sombrero, borrowed for the occassion from the theatre, and at Miss Julia Sydney's very high prices. The romantic B. had insisted on these costumes, and impressed the trembling Clariuda with the ' deep peril' attending- an escape from the paternal roof ; until the young lady believed herself a veritable nun, being carried off from her convent cell (for a row) by an extremely wicked and seductive Lothario — and of course the mild draper's assistant was wicked and seductive. They entered the boat (for which, seeing what kind of stuff he was made of, the boatman had made his customer ' pay through the nose') ; riot a soul was to be seen upon the darkened wharf — not a sound of pursuit; Josephus put out a pair of muffled oars ; and after a great deal of extraordinary steering on the part of Clarinda, managed to get fairly into the Bay. Mr. B., taking off the mufflers, remarked aloud that ' pursuit was now impossible,' and perhaps (this significantly hinted, with a touch beneath his cloak, where pistols ought to be) u dangerous to the pursuers,' and settled down Into a steady pull. The moon was well up 5 and the water, save for the feebly competing golden gleam from the lighthouse, a sheet of silver. Presently hundreds of fish were jumping and splashing in the moonlight, and Clarindia expressed a wish to catch them. Josephus shipped oars, and was by her side, but failing to discover hook or line iu the hox of the boat, concluded to remain by it, which Clarindia did not seem to think a bad substitute for the sea fishing — for is it not pleasanter to be hooking a substantial young man rather than an unsubstantial mackerel ? Gently Josephus took (or was it received ?) one little (I speak in the allowed language of a love novel — Miss Smith really wore ' eights') hand, and his other arm crept round Clarindia's plastic waist. ' Dearest, would that we might steer on (Miss Smith was anything but steering just now) like this for ever — you and I — away from, the cold disdain of a heartless mother and the stern mandate of a relentless old man ! Clarindia, I love you ! — (Miss Smith's bent head was modestly contemplating one boot with maidenly intensity, as is usual in such cases; the steering cords were dropped ; the boat ?was drifting at its own sweet will) — ' Clarindia,' repeated Josephus, as his ' dis ease' came strongly upon him, ' I love you ! Here, on my knees, I vow to thee, sw Jtt thing — (the boat was still drifting) — my life's devotion; we will fly together, darling of my ? ' bump, bump ! Ciarindia shrieked wildly : the boat was on a sand bank. Charles Josephus had come igno xniuiously from his knees to his nose. Mr. Brown scrambled up, and seized his terror stricked fiance. We are drowning, my darling; but we will die together!' At this time the water about the ill-fated craft was of the depth of eighteen inches. Hav ing at last discovered this fact, Mr. Brown insisted on his fatigued Clarindia taking a rest on land, and gallantly bore her up the bank to a log which was upon it. As Mr. Brown was depositing his burden (who was getting sulky from the interruptions to the proposal) upongthe log, he thought he heard a wild halloa, and looking round, discerned another boat, with a sail, going full tilt upon a smaller island near by; a moment more and the boat had struck, and the oc cupants, apparently a male and female, were in the water. As they capsized, Mr. Brown had noticed the female stretch forth her arms towards, and shriek, as if in entreaty, to him. Clariudia was still sulky ; in another moment he was in his own craft, and row ing at full speed to the capsized. He saw a fat man, not in deep water, trying-, with much, passion, to right the boat ; he saw a ?woman — yes, a woman — cliuging to the sail ; this was enough for the fate-propelled Josephus (visions of a rescued countess, and future wealth and title — and love (O false Josephus ! even now Clariudia is fading from your heart 1) crossed his brain) ; he seized the lady, and placed her iu the stern ; and as he did so, noticed that she was beautiful, if middle-aged. ' How can I thank you, sir?' said the unknown, in a somewhat strong voice. ' Will you please row me to the shore ; James must come Lome by himself' (James was evidently the footman and fat man, thought Mr. Brown. Josephus explained that he had left a lady on a sandbank, and must return there first. ' A lady 011 a sandbank !' remarked the un known inquisitively ; ' then you are in lore.' Li'dies — nay readers — pardon Ms perfidy, and, be not toa utterly unmerciful in connemning this wretched youog man — reaiesiber liis calamity : Josephu6 (urged by a fell inspiration) suddenly took the un known hand (it was black kid- gloved) in his, and answered darkly. ' Yes ; I love you !' Several other ridiculous actions did Charles Josephus Brown, which the un known seemed to receive with solid amuse ment, before nearing the sandbank whereon Clarindia sat waiting ; when all the guilt and treachery of his actions rushed full upon him, he threw the unknown from him, and retired to the hack oars, faithful once more. Clarindia (who had made up her mind that they should fly to Maritzburg that night) stood like a ghost, at the edge of the bank as the boat came up. ' Here, dearest, is a sweet lady in distress ; take her and tend her carefully, and lend her your shawl ; for ehe is wet.' The unknown pounded up the bank. 'Clarindia!' she almost shouted, ' My mother, Josephus !' shrieked Miss Smith, and fell senseless at his feet. # # * * There is not much more to tell, reader. When the old lady and her child come to compare notes upon that island, in the loner liness of the Bay, the scene must have been terrible ; but Mr. Brown did not stop. It i9 only known that, overwhelmed with terror and shame, he left the ladies on the sand bank, and fled rapidly and headlong in his boat to shore. It is even said that he did not that night take the pains to inform Mr. James Smith of where he had stowed away his -wife and child. The worst of it was, only that morning, hearing of Josephus' con stancy, the parents had 'commenced to re lent, and had intended inviting Mr. Brown to share a sail with them that very evening, but when a young man tells the unknown mother of his betrothed, in five minutes' notice, that he loves her passionately and leaves his bald-headed future father-in-law standing in icy water to his waist a mile from land, it is hardly to be expected that he will venture near the paternal mansion and boot during the natural course of his years. That night Mr. Brown, I.O.G.T, X. Y.Z.W., got drunk for the first time in his life, much to the amusement of his com panions, and was — dreadful crime — heard to rail against the other sex I Nay more ; from that fatal evening on which he made love in a boat to both mother and daughter, he appears to have dated the cure of his absurd disease. Mr. Charles Josephus Brown is still a bachelor — and boasts that he has every intention of remaining in that free and nowle condition. — Natal Paper. 