QTOallai'oc Cttms ;WALLAROO, 8ATUBDAY, JULZ 28. 1883. As: .English telegram on Thursday states that Sir Arthur Blyth is about to proceed .to Norway with the view of securing emigrants for South . Aus tralia. .Mr .Bright has questioned the Government' on the subject, and the Chief Secretary says there must be a mistake. AGBiCtnLTtr&iBTS; should not fail to; learn a lesson from the following; figures,^aken fropi jfche^budget speech. Durinjgr the .past three, years - we have imported into this colony £1,(356,000 worth of bacon, hams, butter, candles.; salt and potatoes; rall of which could havebeen -produced in the country. ; M. de Lesseps daes.nofc appear to be i makinggreat headway 1 with the Panama Canal. This may be ac counted for from the fact that for ; Eomemcmths- past he has.had " too many irons in-the-fire." He has informed fhe I Paris correspondent of the New York Serald th&t; at present life has]7,^0^ spot,ind there are not more than *3;pier cent of the met sick. He asserts that ..the t!opip,anyijitend= &c.;, with the inte^ ti6n the whole^&rfc; in.'fiye fyears. . The C6m^any are^pen3ing.At ihe j rateiof 2,t50,<XK)f.motithlyj^ firiit and second years will have "bwallowed up 60,000,000f., without reckoning 50,000,000f. for dredghig. It is est: mated that 500,000,000f. to 600,000,OOOf. will be required to com plete the canal. The Tbeasxjbee delivered his budget speech on Thursday last in the House of Assembly. Mr Glyde had to make the unpleasant announcement that although he began last year with a credit of £57,000 and a liability of £108,000 of unexpended balances, ha has concluded with a deficiency of £76,000and a liability in unexpended balances of £114,000. The great falling.off has been in land sales, which fell short of the estimate by £147,000 Fortunately the other lines in the estimates turned out £50,000 over what was expected, otherwise things would have been worse than they are. In the matter of falling of in land sales our junior member is blamed, as Mr | Glyde Bays the main reason of the I deficiency is owing to the fact that Mr Beaglehole's amendment for sweeping away all interest was carried. The second reason given is the hesitation of people to buy land while the laws were un settled ; and, thirdly, the bad harvest. The first reason given is a mere shifting of the blame, unjustly, on to the shoulders of another, for, as the Register points out, the Land BilJ was passed before the Treasurer brought down his revised Ways and Means, and had he carefully considered the matter he ought to have known that allowance would require to be made on account of the alteration. But although the bad harvest and the scarcity of money in a great measure told against the land receipts, there can be no doubt that the " hesitation of the people" to buy land when the laws were unsettled was the main cause of the falling off; and there is no doubt that the want of proper ad ministration on the part of the Government was the reason of this hesitation." Had the screw been put' on in the first instance as it has been latterly people would have been less unsettled, and scores of those who surrendered for the sole purpose of gain would have complied with their original agree ments, and only those who really required the concessions, and for whom the act was framed, would have taken advantage of its provisions. The proposed expenditure for the ensuing year is £2,349.000, being £124,000 over the expenditure of last year. The estimated revenue is £80,000 over that of last year, being £2,170,000. Adding the debit balance, this will bring up the total deficit on June 30, 1884, to £254,6^9, In order to meet this deficiency the Treasurer makes -a proposal which Bhould have been carried out long ago, namely, to tax property. The plan proposed is that at present in force in New Zealand, and which has now had a fair trial) with very satisfactory results. Those whose real and personal property does not reach the value of £500 will go free. The Treasurer estimates that the real property of the colony is worth £50,COO,OoO, and the personal property £20,000,000; after deducting the amount belonging to persons who own less than £500 worth, which he estimates at £17,500,000, a taxof a penny in the pound on the balance, £52,500,000, will return annually £187,500, or £160,000 after deducting coat of collection and losses. Doubt less there will be some who will object to this. But at present taxation is necessary, and there is little doubt that a property tax as proposed is the fairest that could be adopted, and in future it can be regulated as necessity requires. It seems from the reports which bave appeared in the Register during the past few days that some of the emigrants who arrived by the Dundee are in a shocking state of destitution. A.nd although the Government have endeavoured to explain the matter away, the unpleasant fact remains that several families are reduced to want, and are existing only on the charily of strangers. No other result could., be expected when the [ Government, after a. failure in the r harvest, rush people into the colony during the slack season. It is most deplorable that such a, state of things should exist, as, apart from the sufferings endured by these unfortunate persons, the results must prove most mischievous to the colony. There is little doubt that our best immigration agents have been those who wrote home from the colonies and informed their friends iu the old country of their prosperity here. But the result of a letter going home from one of those men who are now, existing in Xiindmarsh would be highly detrimental, and would have a much wider range at home than one bearing 1 a good report. It is a pity that all this should occur, especially when it is considered that a very small amount of reflection would have led the' Government. to take steps which; would bave prevented it. Such acts of omission in simple matters on the part of those who hold the reins, go a long way to shake the; confidence of the public -in other -matters. -IF our to succeed we must have people, and eyery inducement should be offered them to settle here; but in the way immigration has' been managed -in the past there is little wonder that our population ia how hardly 300,000, the wonder is tlrat it is so great. People have been brought here at most unseasonable periods, very often during the most severe weather, when work was scarce; and the result is too well known. Under any circumstances, summer, or the beg-' inning of summer, is the best time to introduce immigrants. The class of people introduced are not supposed to have a great deal of money, and if they come in summer they can shift in a way that is impossible in winter, and consequently their expenses are less, while there is always a better chance of obtaining employment. We notice that another large ship load left Plymouth a short time ago. It is to be hoped the Government will adopt speedy measures for, not only relieving those at present^n distress, but also for providing employment for those that are to come, should they arrive before the hay season commences. The question of payment of members is to be once more brought before the House of Assembly by Mr Dixson, one of the members for Light. We also observe that Mr Basedow has called for a return showing the amounts expended to date on Koyal Commissions and Select Committees. If this is got out in time it will doubt less assist Mr Dixson very materially. There are a number who feel that it is an honour to serve their country without pay; but no one can close their eyes to the fact that of late years j there has been a very strong tendency ! to refer questions embraciag " kittle points" to Select Committees. The sum paid to these committees may not be so. great as would be paid were members to receive regular salaries, but when the return is provided it will be found that the difference is not so great as some people imagine. In proving the correctness of the state ment we have made with regard to the undue prevalence of Select Com mittees, we need only direct attention to the Bailway Commission nowsitting. No one will deny that our railway management needs looking into, but it is within the recollection of most of our readers that in February, 1879, a Royal Commission was appointed to inquire into all public works, including railways. That Commission brought a progress report, the printing alone costing oyer £300; and, we believe we are correct in stating that the final report has not yet been brought up. Yet, there is another commission ap pointed which must necessarily go over a lot of the ground already covered by the Public Works Commission. We do not Bay that members deliber ately plan Commissions as a means of profit; but we fully believe that if members were paid, and received no extras for Select Committees, that many questions which are now referred to them would be settled in the House. Leottjee.— We would remind the people of Wallaroo of the lecture on " Martin Lather," which is to be given in the Institute Hail, to-night bj Mr Adcoek, who has been conducting Gospel seryices to large audieneeB daring the week. Meeting or Fabheeb.—We would again remind the farmers in the surrounding districts, of the meeting which is to be held at Pascoe's hotel, Sab Lake, on Thursday next, to consider the present condition of those holding scrub leases. Abt Uhiok.—We learn that, complying with the wishes of a large number of those who subscribed to his last Art Union, Mr J. Clark has completed arrangements for holding another. We have seen a number of the worki of art that will be offend. Some oi the prizes wiil be even more valuable than those giren at the previous distribution. Rifle Match.—A match, fire men a->ide, each team being on its own range, wiil be fired to-day between the Wallaroo and Riverton companies. Wimbledon targets and conditions at 200, 500 and 600 yards, 7 rounds and -one trial shot. The Wallaroo team will be. Snrgeon Gosse, Privates Gepp, Opie, Hood and Bews. The match com mences at 2 o'clock. Religious Services fob Tickeba Wist. —We are pleased to note that the erection of the School at Tickera, to which we ba*e alluded in another place, is to be the means of providing other advantages for the residents. Hitherto when religions services have been held it has been in a private house. How, however, the Eev. J. A. Burns, of Wallaroo, has been out and arranged that he will visit Tickera once a month on Sundays, and once on a week sight, making a fortnightly service ; and, further than this, it is likely that he will soon complete arrangements by which regular Sunday services will be conducted. gesooi< Fob Ticeera West.—The people on the western side of Tiokera have shown the Government thai-they are in earnest in the matter of obtaining a school. A few weeks since a meeting was held, when it was found that owing to the division of opinion which existed, it would be impossible to arrive at a decision by which the ntcessarj number of children to warrant the Government in erecting a building could ba guaranteed. The resolutions of the meeting "were sumbmitted to the Government, , who replied that the department could not build a school, but if, a room was provided a teacher would be sup plied. A few of the farmers then decided to erect a school, and now the place is nearly completed. It is erected on section ft}, fce* longing to Mr Flint. That gentleman has snp p'ied the roofing. Tlie building is 20 feet log by-14£ wide in the clear, »nd is 11 feet high. A bparded floor has been put in, half of which Mr Davie# qf £bis town has generously supplied. The room will fa a yer^ comfort table one, and will bo brought into gte ?t oh/38, w Jpss Starr froin Mdndoora, 'who is to be' the"teacher, has bf^n in 'the neighbor-; hood for die past few prelim inaries. ■ •' '' Obb IitoBBTEDKESa.—According to thd following figures jjpoin , .a decennial , . return proyidpfi -by = the . Treasurer, -,we . are; getting into debt jf jfe are doing nothing: else. The poj>alatidn »and debt pep bead during the dec^ .ie ju follow* J—-J£73-4 population 198,816, rate of debt per head £11 8s 3d ; 1874-5, population 203,107,_ per head £14 lis 6d; 1875-6, popuration-313,479 per head £15 8s 7d ; 1876-7, population 226,976, per head £19 5s lOd ; 1877-8 popu lation 238,852, per head £22 8s; 1878-9 population 251,195, per head £27 Is; 1879 80, population 260,471. per head £3813s 8d; j 1880-1. population 282,191, per horf £37 13» ; 9d; 1881-2, population 289,620, per head £39 13* lOd ; 1882-3, population 298,458, par head £42 9a 15d. 3ar population has thus increased. by .99,642 during ten years, and the individual increase by the proportion of £31 1b 2d. Moonta Institute.—In our last, wo re* ferred to a concert that was to take place on Wednesday evening for the purpose of start ing a fund for building a new Institute at Moonta. The weather was anything but favourable, but we are pleased to say it didi not prevent the people from turning' out, as the attendance was good. The hall was most tastefully decorated, the lion's share of the work having been preformed by Miss Bennett who must also be credited with the getting up of what proved a most enjoyable entertain ment. The wall at the rear of the stage was hung with some large oleographs and paint ings, kindly lent by Mr J. J* Broad, and between these were wreaths of pine and flowers interwoven. On the stage, too, were some ornamental plants, the whole having a very pleating effeot. Through the goodness of Mr Broad, Miss Bennett obtained the use of a very fine piano, which assisted very materially to make | the musical portion of the programme a success. Mr G-eo. Emerson, the President of the Institute, apologised for the 'absence of Mr Beare, the Mayor, who was to have occu pied the chair. The programme was opened by the Misses Bennetts and Vicary who played a duet from Martha with great success. Mr Bews sang We Tars, and Misses Barkla and E. G. Bennett were deservedly applauded in their rendering of the duet, Starlight on the River. Mise G-luyas, who possesses a very Bweet voice, sang with pathos, Love once lost is gone for ever. Master A.' H. Bennett then recited with more than ordinary ability, The Woman of Mumble's Head. Miss Heath then sang a grand old sea song, Sailing, in such a manner as to elicit a vociferous encore. The young lady responded by singing Turnhatn Toll with equal force. Miss Olark then played a piano solo in excellent style, and was round ly applauded. "The first part...1 was brought to a close by Miss Bennett who sang Twickenham Ferry splendidly. Miss A. Beaglehole opened the second part with a piano solo, and met with well merited approval. Miss Gltfyas sang Love's Request and had to pay the penalty by re«ppearing. MisB Mellen and Master Penhall, a youthful/ pair, belonging to the Moonta Model School, and who had been taught by Miss Heath, sar.g the duet, The Eeaper and the flowers, very nicely, although the young gentleman was slightly nervous. Miss Newman then played a piano eolo, Los Cloches du Monast&re;, very prettily, some of the passages being rendered with marked effect. W< may here mention that the Misses Clark, Beaglehole and Newman are pupils of Miss Bennett's, and on Wednesday night they certainly reflected great credit on their teacher. Miss Barkla sang, The Young Lady's No capitally and had to submit to an encore, to which she.responded by singing the laBt verse of her Bong. Miss Bennett then, by request, played a left hand solo, Home SweetHome, with variations, with the tasteand finish which always marks that young lady's contributions, and gained, what .seldom falls to the lot of pianists, a hearty encore. Miss Heath, who in the first part displayed such ability in rendering a stirring sea song, now Bhowed that she was equally suited to the pathetic. She sang Dream fanes with great feeling, and had to appear a second time. After a scotch reading by Mr Bews, Miss Bennett contributed the la»t item on the programme by singing the ever welcome song. When Sparrows build, with excellent effect. Before the singing of the National Anthem, Mr Emerson came forward, and, after explain ing the steps which the oommittee proposed adopting for raising the necessary amount for building anew hall, thanked Miss Bennett very heartily for the action she had taken in getting up a concert, which would add a rery handsome amount to their funds. He also expressed a hope that others would follow the excellent example which that young lady had set them. Mr Buzza, as. a member of the committee, supported the rote of thanks. We have also been reminded that extra furniture tor the hall was lent by Mr Hague. The singing of the National Anthem brought the proceedings to a close. A Dakgbbous Obstruction.—It will be remembered that on the occasion of Coles' visit with his Mammoth Circus, a large stage was erected opposite the Globe Hotel," and a little south of the present passenger station, for the purpose of landing the elephants fiom the trucks. At that time there was no passenger station, and consequently the stage was not a source of danger. Now, however, it is different. The stage is about 30 yards from the station, and stands within a few inches of the line. It is well known that passengers often get on to the steps of the train when it is starting,, and, c if at the place in dicated, a person failed to be within the outside line of the carriage when it passed, death would be certain. A few days ago we noticed a gentleman who, standing on the steps_of the end platform to bid good-bye to a friend, narrowly escaped being caught in the way we mention. Surely if ■ such a stage is necessary it might he erected in some other place. If any accident happens the Govern will certainly be liable for heavy damages. Y. P. No. 1 Rifle Coiopamt.—.At tin compulsory drill held at Wallaroo *on Wednesday evening, the question of choosing the match team for the annual matches w»s discussed. It was eventually resolved that the following form the team.;—Surgeon Gosse and Privates Bews, Gepp. iand Opie, of Wallaroo; and Corporal Lawrence : and Privates Lord and Garland of Moonta, .with Private Hood, of Wallaroo, and Warn, of Moonta, as emergency men' A Btoaway.—On Saturday last when the afternoon train left the gadina statiop for Adelaide considerable excitement was -created amongst the passengers, when it was noticed that a horse attached to » spring cart had bolbed from the., station, and was careering j along'parallel with- the train, evidently-intent j on reaching the Digby Street crossing wliicb i the engine was just approaching. - The driver j endeavoured to stop the train but the'distance | wasn&t; sufficient, and ^ tmaah-ap&eaVed; to be inevitable^ Ifowever j^st^rhen the horse and thp engine yrere within # fey yftrdp pf jsapb othgr the animal did not appear to regard'the impending vncOunter as being" good enough," and althongh going at top spewJ-^fce ijirae^ round on tlte sp^ce ooeapiad by tftp. .vehicle, narrowly escaping a: collision with . the iail» and galloped - off in .another; 'direction, to the relief ©f those onboardthfl UniB, i.k^A A Ministeb Shot.—It is pleasingio.find thai although there are amoiigsi %ox«e ministers of religion in America aa big scoundrels «■ ever disgraced the cloth,-there are others composed of sterling stuff. The Californian Mail brings news providing a striking instance of this. The Ber. Mr Jenkirs, of Mansfield, Louisiana, believing that the Ber. Mr Lane, President of Mans field College, had seduced a young lady friend, has shot bin, putting six bullets in his body. Both were ministers of the Methodist- - Episcopal Church. FooiiHAKDnnsss.—The Oalifornian Mail brought as word that Captain Webb, the " celebrated lawimmer, had -nndettakento nwiin the whirlpool at Nisgagara on July^Sl; but at the same time the telegraph announced that in making .the attompt Captain " Webb was drowned. There is little doubt that the scene was one of almost unparalleled excite ment ; as there-must hare been an'immense concourse of spectators present, from the faot that the railway company subscribed $10,000 and ran special trains. We have no Bmym; pathy with exhibitions whose only attraction is the unhealthy excitement they -create ; and it is a matter for regret that such things are so popular in what is regarded as an enlightened age. Doubtless many of those who went to s«e Captain Webb " commit suicide," regard w:th holy horror the Spanish bull fights of by-gone days. Tet, we would ask, what is there about the shocking affair of the 21st that makes it one whit more rational than the horrid exhibitions to which we hare alluded ? I Had the man been successful no end Wo aid have been serred other than that of satisfying a morbid taste. A Hallelujah Lass in Tboublb.—'Those - who imagine that the above class in the work of " fetching" in the outsiders stick to the rales laid down by General Booth and his officers, are yery much mistaken. There may be some who rest satisfied with giving their experience from the platform, and afterwards, by what is known as the " squeezing and holy thrill" pro cess inducing erring brothers and sisters to "come up and get what they're got;" but there are others who consider it necessary to take.in a much larger field. A few Sundays ago a couple belonging to the latter class decided that it was their particular mission to " attack the strong-hold of Satan" whioh had been set up in the house of a- bachelor farmer living some three or four miles from Kadina ; and - in order to ensure .success they arrayed themselves in uniforms of the approved ,c harmy" pattern, as issued from head quarters at 19s '6d eaoh, a sight of which even his satanic majesty, it is said, is unable to withstand. Unfortunately for them the yourig man .was from home. But before returning, whether in search of " smutty, face" we jknpw,^»ot, they inspected the whole of the' premises, and before finally taking their departure they visited a small building at the rear of the house: Like maoy other bachelors, the proprietor had not been over :..CBrefnl in the erection of the pliee in question, .and, sad to relate, one of these self-sacrificing \- sisters, failing to exercise the care necessary, washed through the frail floor and was preci pitated into a pit 8 feet deep. She was, after considerable trouble, extricated by her companion, and we learn that on regaining the surfaoe her regimentals were more than: ever calculated to put to flight,-at leSst those who are in possession of the sense which is exercised in the perception of odours. < Mutttal Istpeoyement Socikiy.—The' Kadinai Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association opened its class, last Tuesday' evening under very favourable conditions,! the-wHSberjbeing fine, and tile sutlience conse-4 quently numerous and appreciative. An: excellent programme was - provided, and everything went off without a hitch, with the exception of a firearm, whioh waB supposed to, go' off during the first recitation, but abso lutely refused to do its duty. Mr Brocken shire contributed two violin soIob ; Miss Gart trell and Mrs Jones two duets, entitled, Friendship and Tired ; while the choir, ably led by Mr Glasson at the orgqn, sang Where is my boy to-night,' and Mother's Grave. These pieces were well rendered. The reoi-. tat ions were as fellows :—The King and the Miller, by Messrs Symons and Bodda; Lord Ullin's daughter, by Mr W. Bodda; The Spanish Champion, by Miss Flora Tamblyn; Henry V. at Harfieur, by Mr T. Bodda;! How Betsy and I fell out and made it Up, was told by Mr Worrell; The Story of a Lifeboat, by Miss M: A. Tamblyn; William Tell,. by Mr W. Bosewarne; David and Absalom, by Mr Jackson j The Wreck of the Schiller, by Mr J. 8-ray ; Lochiol'-a Waraiogj by Messrs T. Bodda and P. Jackson; Vir ginia, by Mr W. Symons; Macbeth on seeing Banquo'e Ghost," by Mr Jackson. This lengthy programme was gone through to the ' entire satisfaction of the audience, if we may judge by. the applause whioh followed each piece. At the close, the Chairman (the Bev. G. Yarley) extended an invitation to the young people of both sexes to join the Association, intimating that it was founded on an entirely undenominational basis. A col lection was taken up, amounting to £1 9a 9d. Praise must be accorded to all who took part in the entertainment, which spoke well for the reciting and singing abilities of the young people engaged. ' Eating Power of Birds.—The appetite of insect-eating birds is wonderful. Aooording to the Bey. J. G. Word, who writes on the snbject in the current number of Qae>d Words a thrush will eat at a meal the largest snail that England, produces. If a manxoold *at _as much in proportion, he would consume - a whole round of beef for his dinner; The. red. breast again .is a . inost voracious bird. 1 It has be6n calculated that to keep a redbreast up to his normal weight, an amount of animal food is required-daily equal to ;an earthworm 14 feet in length. Taking a man of. nyerage I weight, and measuring bulk for bulk with the redbreast, the writer tried to calculate how much tfood. he:would consume in twentymo or Hours if he ate as much in proportion as the bird., .Assuminga sausage 9 inches in-oir oumfereuce to be. a fair equivalent. of the earthworm he found that the .man would, have to eat 67 feet of such sausage in every twenty-four honrs. This fact is-mentioned in order to illustrate the amount of work whlchis done by insect-eating birds, and .as showing the benefits accruing to the farmer thereby. '■ The Lynch Family and Ababi.—Befer riflg to the journeyings of the Bellringers the Perth Inquirer says;-^The Lynch family have had the honor of-an. interview with Arabi Pasha: The Times of Ceylon of June 18 Bays' —" Yesterdaj Mr Harry Lynch . ,and' r his brother Mr B." Lynch had an interview with Arabi Pasha at his residence, " Bon. Aic," Mutwal, and Arabi baa promised to attend the peffppnajfce this-eveflingat t-he Qarrison Theatre. Arabi treated the Messrs Lynoji. veiyhosj»itably,Md after * long conversation, upon their returping to towp, khook them; both wajrifiiy by thp hand,. and said !$£,<&■!£ very pleased at their coming to aee him, more especially fromsucTi a far-off country as Australii-During their conversation Arabi spoke very warmly of America, and said ft&t; Australia would become a second Unit$8| I States. He complained of ill- health?^jj|# in" - reply to one of the questions 3b E^facfa asked him, said that figypt was miwlflEhiar than Ceylon, the he^t bong ofp^an^^rter nature than it is here]^u^d oot ag^>p^msire. The Messrs Lynch enjo^pd^ thMj^ippreiy much, Arabi eridsDtlj^n^M s^wmpjinneiii' , their coming to see him, and ptonoopced the new residence of the Pasha a very pretty •pl«cerT>o»BB8Bing~*magmfic8Pt- inwu.: uril-" shaded, with large and luxoriant trees, and splendidly adapted for the out-door inolina tionraf rtf&~noted erUe."" 9EfeaioiD5T^ET: CRICKBTJ^-^ltjl^Uglj rain prevented the conclusion of ~;the match between Surrey and Hampshire on May 26, (says a London paper) themeetiog. *>f these I teams at the Oral will occupy a distinguished plaice in cricketing annals, seeing ilw£it pro* , duced by far the largest score ever "^marfe in a county, match. Surrey weot in at twenty minutes to five on May 24, and made 137 runs for four wickets. -Besoming-en Ithe following day, they continued the, timings until half-past six, the^ eight hours': play resnlting in a total of 650—an average of over'80 rons - an hour. ' Banratt figured for a " duck's egg," but W..W."Bead made jL68 ■ M. Bead, 91; Abel, S3 3 J. Shnter,67; Chester (not out), 54; Henderson, 39; Wi E. Boiler. 30; Pooley 28; E. J". l)iver, 211 S. Cattley, 17; byes, &c.;,.made tip the splendid ecore, which beat the' 643:3made by the Auetralians againet Sussex a year ago!. These are said to be thehighest totals scored in -good matches in England,? though Oakmiai records tell of New < South. WaU» putting together 775 runs in a .combat with Victoria< Changs feom Daxkness : To "Light.—An old negro woman in Pennsylvania, who was born blind, has recently received'her -sight. by the removal of the cataract. , W[hen the - bandage.Wasiiret removed, the patient started violently, and cried out as if with fear, and for a moment was quite nervous -frqm -tb^. effects of the shock; For the first time in' her life she looked upon the earth. The first thing she. noticed was a little flock of sparrows. In relating her experience-.'to a reporter, she said that she thought they.,,ware teacups, although, strange to say, a' few moments afterwards she readily.distinguished a watch which wasshown her. It is supr posed that this TecognitiOn 'was owing to th4 fact that- she heard- its ticking. The. bljue from a lamp excited the most lively safjirfse in hor mind. She had no idea what it was, and when it was brought near bpr wanted to pick it up. When night approaohed upon the day wlieneha first used her eyes' she was in a fright, fearing that she was. losing ..the sight which Who had so wonderfrilly found after sixty years of darkness. _ j ; ThS CfoVSBKOB GeHX&AIi; otr • The English Government have decided'to appoint Lord Lansdowne to suecee'd:tfi« Marquis .of. Lome as Governor-Genpral, of Canada. The appointment is a very go&d; one in itself, ■ beoauee Lord - Landsdowne is a popular man and -a good sportsman, and he ha* had more experience as a ipbiiiican than most men of his years. IheT-.chief incident in connection with tbis appointment is that the Government should hare offered so important aposition to /a leading member of the Liberal party, after that nobleman had quarrelled, and absolutely withdrawn from office, because he differed from-Mr Gladstone on the subject of the Irish' Land 'Biil^^Et shows that the quarrel Was only skin deepj and that the head of the house of Landsowne —a most influential family—remains loyal to the liberal clause. It was the wish of H.R.Hi the Duke of Albany to succeed his brother-in-law at the Canadian capital^ but this matter was not pressed, partly on account of the inexperience of the youngjjiince, and partly on aocount of. the embarrassing consequences which might possibly result to[ the Home Government through being repre sented abroad by a member of the Royal house. ; 