SUNDAY READING Lore's Medicines and Miracles. feOCHJ- jftflT. 0, H. Sfubgkos. ( Continued.J Behold, lor peace I had great bitterness: bat tbon ist in love to my eoal delivered it from the pit of eorraption: for thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back.—Isaiah xxrriii. 1?. II. How we come to the second part of our text, which is peculiarly sweet to our soul, for it seta forth loving deliverance. . The original runs thus: 1 And thou has loved my boiu from the pit of destruction.* Taken in its first sense, the king ascribes to the lore of God his deliverance from death i and the grave; and praises God for I his restoration to the land of the living. But the words of inspired men frequently have a deeper significance than ap pears upon the surface, and indeed they often conceal an inner sense which perhaps they themselves did not perceive, and hexre the king's words are as dark sayings upon & harp full of-meaning within trciniog. At any rate, taking the language out of the mouth of Heze Vi«ht we will use it for expressing our own emotions/and give to it a wider sense if such he not the original range of its craning. Let us notice three things, the deed of grace, •Thou fiasfc brought my soul from the pit of corruption ;' secondly, the power bj which it was performed, ' Thou hast loved my soul out of the pit of corruptionand thirdly, the modus operandi,-which is indicated by another and equally gocd translation, * Thou hast em braced my soul from the pit of corruption.1 Firsts then, the deed of grace of which you and I can sing.' * The Lord delivered us from the pit of corruption.1 Fi'st, from the pit of hell. Ahytherelshould hare gone, long, long ago, if mercy had not interposed. 'A platitude,1 says one. Ah, brother, God save you from thinking the acknowledgment of God's choicest mercies to be a platitude. I reckon that those in hell would think it no platitude for us to bless God that we are not in their torments. Our sine, like millstones about our neck, might have sunk us in the sea of divine wrath twenty years ago; and is it not a thing to be spoken of again and again, a mercy to hlees God for, that we are not in the abode of condemned souls ? Is it not even more a reason for gratitude that we neTer shall be tbere ? Believing in Jesus Christ, aud resting in the atoning blood, 'there is therefore no damnation1 as the older version used to ru?, * to them that are in ( hrist Jesus.1 • Who is he lhatconderoneth ? It is Christ that died, jea rather, that bath risen again.1 The dreadful gates of helt shall neTer be passed by a soul that believeth in Christ Jesus; for ca there is no undying worm, for ui no unqaen h able fire, for us no wrath to come. Glory be to God for this amazing grace. There cometh speedily a time when we shall sing this song more sweetly in a better land ♦bun this, where there shall be none of these mists to hang about us, but changeless, ever lasting noonday without & cloud. In heaven how sweetly shall we sing this song upon our stringed instruments, when there shall be no corruption left in us, but wo shall be purs as the soul of Gcd himself, perfect as Christ our Beceemer. What hymns of gratitude shall we chant before the throne, when standing on the heights of heaven we gare into the deeps of hell; when from our perfection we remember the fall and all the ruin of it from which almighty grace uplifted us! Glory be ucto the 1 ord for ever, for • In love to my soul thou hast delivered it from the pit of corruption.' Hallelujah! This is the deed which grace has done. Kow, we have to notice the power which performrd it To my mind the truth herein set forth is the d'licious food for meditation, but it is not readily to be brought forth in preaching- Hear ye the words—'Thou hast loved my soul out of the pit of corruption.' Lo~e wrought the rescue. Love did it all; let lov.j wear the crown I was as'eep in my sin but thon, O love, didtt arouse me with a kiss. Only when I began io hear that Jesas loved pocr souls ucto the death, and therefore came to seek and rave sinners, did I begin to wake from my deadly lethargy. Do you, my brethren, recollect when the first thought entered into your mir.ds that after all there was hope, for Gol was full of love ? Did not that thought bestir you? Did rot the Lord lore you out of the sleep of sin? Moreover, you loved sin. and the wages of it, and the world ooked very pleasantly upon you while i I enthralled you : at last you came to kcow I that the Igts of God was sweeter far than I the love of tin, you had a glimpeo of Jems's dear marred visage,nil bedewed with epistle and with blood, and he appeared so much more fiir and lovely than your sin that you began to feel that sin aud yc-u must part. Thus the Lord loved you out of your love of sin. His sweet love made sin nauseous to ton, you were weary of it, and woald have no more of it. Do you recollect that when you fell into despair and raid, 'I hare btcn such a sinner that I must die in my sin,1 you were uplifted from the pit of unbelief? I know that X was borne out of it upon the eagle wings of lore. Iks Lord loved me out of it; he shed abroad such love in zny eoul that I could not be an un believer any longer. Just as an ic-berg must surely melt when once it is borne along by the Gulf Streim. so my unbelief was competed to dissolve in the warm stream of his dear lore. Believe him ? How could I disbelieve him jhen I saw his.lovo to sinners, and heard of his death for the very chief of them, even for such a. I was. He loved me out of my unbelief then I felt so weak I could do nothing; I was afraid to unito with his people, and afraid to make confession of my faith for fear I should dishonour him. Then he came and lorcd me oat of my timorousness, shed his lore abroad in my heart so powerfully that I became strong with strength of his giving, and knew mysolf to be safe because I was in his keeping. . Then did I Come forward and conf.ss his name and unite with his saints,- for I felt that I to lid trust my Lord to keep me oven unto the end, for His love had loved me out of my weakness. I am telling the story as though it worn about myself, but, brother, I mean it ajo'at you as well, you hare wandered eome times sinoo then, you hare gone away from jour Lord into worldliness ana much that you un feignedly deplore; and who is it that has led you back to peace and holiness f Who has been the Good Shepherd and restored your soul? My lovingIxird has driven.mo back sometimes with shsrp words of rebuke, but oftener be has loved me bsck with attractive tenderness What a wrnderful magnet love is 1 It draws our iron hearts to Jtsolf.' Its sway is kindly but irresistible. We wander hither and - thither, in the instability of our minds, till n memory of the days of lovo comes over our spirit, and straightway ws can rest no longer in the things of earth after which we have so wickedly gone, astray, but wc say, /I will return unto my first husband, for it was better with me then than now.' The eVer-gracious Lord means to perfect that which ooncerneth you by the action of this self, samo love. His gentleness has made you great and bis love will make you glorious" Divine lore is the m >st san-tifying agenay in the world; it is that which checked us before wo knew the Lord when wo ran so greedily after sin, and it is that which constrains us now that we live unto his name, for 'the love of Christ constraineth us." 'Behold then the love of the Spirit! Ia not this most blessed medicino? We spoke of bitter draughts under our first head, and truly these have their virtue, but here the Lord's love uses medicine like it self; yea, it becomes i:eelf the medicine, and the Lord seems to say, ' Here is my dear child sick, and I will restore him by giving him more lov.' Divine love is a catholicor, a univorsal medi cine. No spiritual disease can resist its healing power. The lore and blood of Jesus, applied by the Holy Ghost, will raise up the saints from pining sickness and restore them from the gates of the grave. No heart, however like to granite it becomes, can long resist almighty lovo. We mnst briefly notice the mo&ut; operandi o! this lore. 'Thonhast embraced my soul out of the pit of corruption.' Fonder is the child in the pit, and the father, wishing to save it, goes down into the pit and embraces his be loved one, and eo brings him up to life and safety again. After this manner did Jesus save us. Ho embraced ub by taking ourVaturo, and so becoming one with us. It is by em braces that he regenerates converts and sancti fies us, for he comes into nnion with us by the indwelling of the Holy Spirit All our lives he communes with ns and embraces us with arms of mighty love, and so uplifts us from the pit of corruption. In this way also he will bring iis right up ont of our fallen estate into perfection of holiness, by continuing the divine embrace, pressing us merer and nearer and nearer still to his dear, loving heart, till all sin Bhall be pressed out of us. He will by one eternal embrace of unchanging lovo lift ns out of the pit of corruption into a state of absolute perfection wherein we shall dwell with him forever. Glory be unto God for all this. He who has tasted of this cannot bnt sing as Heza ki&h; did np n his stringed instruments all the' days of his life in the honse of the Lord. IIL We havo now with much dolight to consider the promise of absolute pardon. 'For thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back' This King Hezokiah mentions as the cause o' his restored peace and health. He could not bo healed and cheered till llio cause of disease waa gone, and that was sin Sin was the foreign clement in his spiritual constituticn, and as long as it was there it caused fret and worry and spiritual disease; but when the sin was gone then health and peace came back. Now let me take the words before us and set them forth in a few brief sentences, and bid you notice, first, the burden—sin. A heavy load, a weighty curse. Observe the owner of this burdeD: Hczekiah rays, not sin only, but my aiu. If any sins in the world are h'avicr than others they are mine. Brother, you feel yours to be eo, do you not ? Then t ake the next word, which is a word of multitude and noto the comprehensiveness of that burden. All my aics. ' Thou hast cast all my tics.' Let ns spell that word, all my sins What a row of figures it would take to number them all; as to the record of them, eurely it would reach round the eky,—all my sins. In what talanco shall they bo"weighed? What must the wratli lie which is due to me on account of them ? Think long and hutnt ly of tho words—all my sins. Now, sec the Lord comes to deal with .them! He takes them all, and what does ho do ? 1 Ho, c;ia's them. 'Thou has cast all my sira.' ' What a deed of omnipotence 1 What a divine ciut 1 None bat Jehovah Jesus himself could even havo lifted allxny sins, but hedidlift Uicm, and,li'so another Atlas, ho bore them upon bis shoul ders; and having dono that • ven till ho; sweat great drops of blood and bled to death, he then took the whole mast of my sins and cast lliom as faros the cast is from the west; nay more, lib cast them behind Jehovah's back. -Where is,that?. Behind Gcd's back; where can that bo ?. Men throw tilings behind their back when they can not bear the sight of them. Onr. sin is loath rotne and abominable to God, ho will not look upon it, and so he casts it behind Iiib back. But then he ia a jnst God, and ho must punish iniquity; it must come beforq tho eye of his holiness to be avenged. . Wo hive. not; tIterator?, seen nrf yet tKfl full meaning of the passage. Ko, it means that the Lord., .be comes oblivious of hie people's sins. Somebody said tlio other day, concerning, ai certain piece of business,' I shall never, think of it agaiu i it is gone as though is bod never been.' The lord means all that concerning Ids people's sins: ' X shall never think of them again, they are quite gone as far as I am concern, d, I have thrown them where I shall never see them any more, their sins aud iniquitios will I remember no more.' What a gracious mode of pardoning sin! God himse'.f passes an act of oblivion Anrl i^aoIoms 1 T will wnf «• mftrnKfl1 lim ' and declares,' I will not r.membcr their sins.' Ho looks upon his people who have been so provoking, and are still s) prone to sin, and yet no beholds no iniquity in Jacob nor perverse noss in Israel. He sees bis people washed in the blood of the Lamb, robed in the righteous ness which is in God by faith, and he beholds in them neither spot nor wrinkle, nor any such thing, for ho lias cast their sins so far away that they aro out of sight of omniscience and out. of mind of omni presence. Again, if I would remind you of the words, 'behind thy back.' Where is that? Ail things are before God's face; he looketh en all the works of his hands, and he seeth all tilings that exist. Behind his back! It must mean annihilation, non-existence, end non entity. O my soul, thy God. has flung thy sin into non entity, and effectually made an end of it j ho treats thee as though it nerer had been, and far as his justice is concerned through the vicarious sacrifice of Christ, it is to the Lord as though wo had never transgressed at all. 'Tho-' hast csst.all my sins behind thy back.' I do not think I need pteach any longer upon this subject. Go homo and turn it over in quiet meditation under the overshadowing of the divine Spirit. Bear child of God, endea vour to get a grip of this great privilege of perfect pardon, and never let it go May- the Holy Ghost seal it home to you. You are right in bringing your sins before your own face and mouruing over them ; that is where they should be, but do not at the same time forget that they aro forgiven. When a man casts his sins behind his back God will put them before his foce; tut when in penitence a be liever sets his sins btforehis own foce to mourn orer them then tho Lord in mercy declares that he will cast them behind his book. Oh believer in Jesus, thy sin is gone for ever. Bo thou restful, happy, secure, for thou art ac cepted in the Boloved. Thy sin has ceased to be. Tho longest lines can never reach the bottom of that sea into whose depths Johovah has cast them; the utmost industry of the devil can never travel into that land which dees not exist, evon the land which lies behiud Jehovah's back, into which he has cast thy sin. Who WQuld not be a believer in Jesus? Brett if he were sore sick,, and had tj lie like Heze kish, on tho bed of death, who would not be a believer? Evon though lie had to cry out Marsh, Morah, bitterness twice over, who would not bo a believer, and be embraced out of his misery by that mighty -love which abolishes the sin of the penitent? Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, O sinnor, and this shall' be thy poriion also by God's abundant mercy. Amen. . . - ••• 