SUNDAY READING. "Best in tlie Lord.'! By the Bev. C. II. Spurgeos. ' Beat in the Lord."—Psalm xxxt! (Continued from our last)* "\rKXT, tliis rest is, in another aspect con -131 tcntmiont—perfect satisfaction with our earthly lot. Ambition spoils rest; the constant greed of avarico puts rest out of tho question. The worry, the fret, the fume of accumulating, of desiring more, of impatiently coveting more than God is pleased to give—all this ruins rest. Oh, to sayi 4 J he Lord's will be done! Having food and raiment, Jam thorowifchconfent.* .'1 have learned, in wlintoover shite I am, there with to bo content,' and to lit ambition, and lofty desires, and fretfulncss, and complaining at your lot, all go, and ju-l say, * God hath »p pointed my portion and ordained all my wajs; and so let it be.' This is rest. Put this toge ther with security as to the eternal futuro:' and you have gained two very sweet ingredients with which to compose a rest worthy of the sous of God. Next, there is in this rest the idea of im movable confidence—perfect confidence in God, so that when severe trial comes the soul says, ' It is right—I am sure it is right; I cannot see the reason, but I know that the trial is sent in lovo; I am cortain of that1 .When.another trial befalls child-like confidence in God still says, 'It could not bo better; if God send two troubles, they nro better than ono; and if he send six, thoy aro six times hotter than one, though thoy seem six times worse.' That con fidence says also, 'Ho will bring mo out of it; he novor scut me out yet upan tho sea of tribu InLionbntwfcuthebroiightmo homo again; never sent mo to a battle at my own charges yet; never bade me do a work but what lie gave uie strength for it; never ca'led me to suffer but what he sustained me under pain.' Oh, but this is a blessed thing to bo quite confident that' God cannot err, cannot forsake* cannot change, cannot cea^e to lore, and that therefore every thing that cometh from Him cometh in the right way, at the right timo, in the right mea sure, and tint all is well and will end well. Ay, though all the tempests como forth from their caverns to howl at once across the tremen dous seas, though erery cyclone and hurricane that over blow should come back again, and my poor barque should be almost a wreck by reason of their fury,—it is well, it is well. If only on a board or a broken piece of the ship, I shall come safe to land, for so hath God de creed. Glory bo to His name! I will leave all to Him. This is rest—thorough rest, security, contentment, confiJcnco. Then, perhaps, mainly, according to the Hebrew, this rost consists ia submission, for the Hebrew is,(Be lileot to God.' That is the word. One of the old versions roads it,' Hold thou still before God.' This holy silence is illustrated by what we read of Aaron, when his sons died, before the Lord,' Aaron held bis peace.1 Let your tongue be quiet, do not murmur, do not argue; leave all, and bow in silence. ' My soul is oven as a weaned child,' said David; he would no longer cry after the warm breasts of comfort, he was weaned at last. Now, 0 Lord, Thy will is my will. It has bien a sliarp lesson, but Thou hast taught it to me at last. Aforetime I struggled, but now X acquiesce; once I quarrelled, but now sweetly yield. Let it be as Thou pleasost, Thy will is mine. This also is rest. . This is a holier, sweeter rest. Than the lulling rest from pain, And a deeper calm than that which sleep Sheds orer heart and brain. It is the sonl's surrender's choice. The settling of the will, Lying down gently at the cross, God's purpose to fulfil. There comes, next, the rest of patient wait ing, for tant is in the text. What does it say ? c Best in the Lord, and wait patiantly for him.' This is to haro desiros, but to feci that you can waive them, and tarry the Lord's leisure j to have wisheB, but always to keep them tethered so that they go not too far? to have a will only in subserviency to the wiser and kinder will which rules above j saying erer, 'Lord, that Is what I think I should wish for, but I do not certainly know whether it would be goid for me or not, and therefore I ask Thee to deny me if my wishes a-e wrong Sly moat earnest prayers, my Father, if they should not please Thee, do not hear them; for X would ask Thee rather not to hear me than to hear me if I ask amiss. I have wishes and a will, and Thou hast per mitted me to have them, for Thou hast eaid j Thou wilt grant me the desires of my heart j 1 but Lord, if my heart should not be delighting herself in Thee when she feels hor desires they shall not ho my desires, I will disown them. My suprem'st will shall be not towill anything except Thy will, and if I ds will it I repent of so willing, and discard the evil will and the un desirable desire. I will turn all wilfulness out of doors by Thy grace that Thou mayeat have Thy will.* This is a blessed spirit, dear friends, and he that' has attained it has entered the royal bedchamber, where he shall rest in peace, for •so he giveth his beloved sleep.* This rest means also peace, pence of soul wi* h yourself, with your fellow men, with God. It takes two to make an enemy, and if you will not be o.*e of the two, you will not have an enemy seriously to distress you. Men may dis like you, but they shall be held in check, for ' when a man's ways please the I ord, he maketh even his enemies to bo at peace with him.* (He maketh the wrath of man to praise him, and the remainder thereof doth he restrain.* At any rate, the assured believer possesses that peace wliieh Christ had, who when his foes gathered round about him, and sought to catch him in his words, baiUcd them all by his calm self possession. This rest means quiet happiness, inward calm. The soul has mounted where it wants to be, and does not intend to move from its position. Noah's dove has been round the eartb, and seen nothing but a waste of waters, but she has flown home at last, she is in Noah's hand, find she means to stop in the ark until the better times shall come, and the waters ore assuaged. Oh, if any of you have wandered and lost the peace which Christ gives, even that which He gives nob to the world, if you are troubled and fretful, and envious, and weary, commune with your own heart this morning and say,(Return unto thy rest, O my soul, for the Lord hath dealt bountifully with thee.' Say to your heart, as I hayeYa'd to mine; 'Why art thou cost down, 0 my soul ? and why art thou disquieted within ine? hope thou in God, for I shall yet praise Him, who is the health of my .'countenance, and my God.' 'Best iu the Lord.' III. Lastly, let us entor and examine the Boyal Chamber itsolf. 'Best in the Lord.' New the text does not say rest in anything about the Lord, but rest in the Lord himself. Oh that the Spirit might bring us into such union and comrauiron with God that we must to the full know the meaning of this text ' Kest in the Lord.' Tho Lord hai revealed himself to us in these days in the person of His only begotten Son: Jesus, akiu to us by nature, Jesus, our substitute and surety, Jesus, our all in all. Now, beloved, come near to Jesus by a living faith, hide yourselves in Jesus, enter into His wounds, feel your safety in Him, vour union to Him. Livo to Him, live with llim, live for Him, livo in Him, and as you do so you must rest. Only in the Lord is there any rest for you; but as you are a man in Christ Jesus and lose yourself in Him, your lire being hidden with Christ in God, in that way, in that way only, shall you find perfect rest. "What a resting place do saints find in the finished-work of Jesus! Let but the Holy Ghost lead them to see the glory of Bis aton ing blood, and they are sure to rest. Let mo tenderly .entreat the tempted believer to tell Jesus all his case, and look toltim for that rest which Ho himself promised when he said, '■puke mv yoke upon you and learn of me, and ve shall find rest unto your souls.' Bent, weary soul! The penalty is borne, the ransom paid, For all tby sin full satisfaction made; Strive not to do thyself what Christ bos done. Claim the free gift, and make the joy thiae owi No more by pangs of guilt and fear uistreat, Best, sweetly rest 1 Although this is obriou3'y the main mean* iog, we may add that ' Best in the Lord' means rest in Him as your covenant God. You have not to deal with an abstract Deity who "standee , afar off as your offended Creator. Behold, b > 1 loved, if thou bclicvesb in Jesus, the Lord baa entered into an everlasting covenant with thee, j ordered in all things and sure. He hath said concerning thee, *1 will not turn away from. thee to co thee good.' He has promised to keep you and preserve you, and bring you into His eternal glory by a covenant signed and scaled with the precious blood of Christ. 'Best , in the Lord.' lie will keep his covenant even ! to its jobs and tittles, therefore be not die- 1 quieted. The eternal shalls and wills shall never fail: 'This is a3 the waters of Xoah unto me: For as I have sworn that the waters . of Xoah should no more go oyer the earth, so have I sworn that I would not be-wroth with thee, nor rebuke thee. In a little wrath I hid . my face from tliee for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the Lord, thy redeemer. The mountains . shall depart, and the hills be removed; but my^ kindness shall not depart from thee' Glory be unto our covenant God 1 Come and rest in. Him, beloved. Then rest in all the relationships into which the Lord has been pleased to bring himself. - Know thou that this God of thine is tby shield and thine exceeding great reward; thy rock, thy dwelling-place, thy Shepherd, and thy pre? server. Best of ail, He is thy Father. Oh, brethren, one cannot talk about this, one wants to drink it in by quiet meditation; it is a bliss too great for words to be indeed a child of the » heavenly Father! Jehovah is Creator of - heaven and earth, Maker and Destroyer,, and yet I am His child, and as surely as a child. may trust its parent, and rest in its mother's. bosom, so Bure1y and safely may I trust my Father, and rest in Him. Dost thou not know, too, that to stt forth the nearness and tenderness of His relationship to us, the Lord is pleaded to describe himself os the husband of our souls ? For * Thy maker is thy husband, the Lord of Hosts is His name.' 41 will even betroth thee unto me in faithfulness, and thou sbalt know the Lord.' Shall not the spouse trust her husband ? I hope we will each of us say to Him this morn ing, Lord, I do trust thee, for I lore thee, since thou host made me one with thee in blessed conjugal union; and I say unto thee to day as the church did of old, 4 Tell me, O, thou whom my soul lorcth, where thou feedest,. where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon— for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions ?' Best in thy friend, thy Savr.ur, thy all in all. I leave the full list of divine relationships for you to think of at your leisure; they are fu'l of rest. Best, next, in eich one of the attributes of God. Are you conscious of sin ? Come and rest in the mercy which blots it out. Poor sinner, I would fain invite thee with the harden of ihy guilt upon' thee to remember that He delighteth in mercy, that it is God's joy to pasaby transgression. Thou wilt never escape from the bondage of thy sin, except as thou comest to the mercy of God in Je3us. Christ his Son. Best in boundless mercy. Be loved child of God, are you troubled about in-, ward sin? Then rest in H>s power to break the neck of corruption. Perhaps your afflic tion concerns your worldly affairs ? then rest in the power of God to help you : He U great at a dead lift, and when - none can help us but God, then is God most ready to come to the rescue. Best, bc'ovcd brother, in God's wis dom. You cannot see j our way, but He can see it, leave it to Him, for there is no possi bility of error in His counsels'. Best, also, in His immutability, that sure anchorage amid the troubled sea of life. Thou hast changes every day; Be never changes. Come back to Him whose constancy of love is a mountain of strength. He has set his mind upon saving thee, and He is of one mind, and who shall turn Him?* Tois is his mind—that he that. believcth and is baptised sliaT be saved, and' He will perform that salvation; nor death nor hell shall thwart the sacred purpose of an un changing God. Ho will carry out his gracious, work und glorify himself therein. Best thou, also, in his faithfulness. What He has pro mised He will perform. He is not a man that He should lie, nor the son of man iliat He should repent. Hatli Ho said, and shtll He not do it? Take thou His promise, and be-, liere it to be as good as the fulfilment, for so it is. Best thou, also, in His word, which He has written for thy consolation. The Holy Ghost has in a thousand ways declared the divine goodwill towards thee; meditate upon what ilo lias dictated. As full as the skies are of stars so full are the Scriptures with promises. Take these precious promises, one by one, be lieve them, and pray unto the Lord, saying, 4Fulfil this.word unto thy servant whereon thou has caused me to hope. 0 Lord, do as thou hast said.' Ti en sweetly rest in the eternal truthfulness, for the Lord will keep every one of his pro:ri*es to you. How lot us rest in the will of God. It is a high point to arrive at to feel that my Father's will is such that I can entirely rest in it, let it be whatever it may; yet it would uot be so difficult if we were not so depraved. 0 for conquering grace to crush down self. I would be as a grain of dust blown in the summer's gale without power to change my course, carried on by the irresistible breath of the Lord: for ever made willingly unwilling to will anything but the will of n»v Lord. 1 would be as a tiny straw borne along by the Gulf stream, carried wherever the warm love of God shall bear me, self delighting to lie low and see the Lord alone exalted. The Budd hists talk about being absorbed iuto Buddha and ceasing to be, and they make it their heaven to be at last swallowed up in God. I know the falsehood of this teaching, but I know that there is a truth which is very like it in outward aspect. Oh, to ho nothing 1 To be less than nothing! To hire no will and no desire about life or death, about sickness or health, about porertv or wealth, no will about anything; and vet to have a strong resolved will to deny self and say,4 Not as I will, but as thou wilt.' j This is to rest in the Lord. : j 