¡XtK ¿Èijjfcwî. Glenunga f-},craUi* TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1883. Mr. S.UA-tT probably meant well when he wrote that; minute on Mr. C. Moour.'s case to which attention was drawn by the remarks of half-a-dozen attorneys in the Water Police Court on Friday last. Good intentions, however are not a satisfactory excuse for official mistakes, nor ate the inconvenient con sequences of such mistakes obviated by them. In Aviititjg the minute, the Colonial Sr.ojíi.r-Ai.Y expressed his. sympathy with Mr. Moore:, and by implication passed a heavy censure upon Mr. Marsh, the magistrate by whom Mr. Moore had been convicted. What is the result a public defence of the conviction and expression of sympathy with Mr. MArsh by a number of gentlemen, "-OAeial, if not all, of whom, having witnessed the proceedings on which the conviction was founded, were in a, better position than Mr. tírUAur to form a judgment. No one will deny that it appears on the surface to be a him a case' that a public servant of Mr. Moore's standing should he conducted before a single rate of having used in staging language whereby, a breach of the peace might have been occasioned. that it would be a liar der case for the public if public servants could commit such offences with impunity by reason of their long service and position. There is nothing in the law to prevent such charges being brought against high officials, or to direct magistrate, to deal in any special way with the evidence when charges against such persons are heard. It would be a bad thing if there -were. In this case the magistrate heard the evidence, and gave judgment upon the view he formed of it. He could not rightly have done othetA.-i^e, who ever the parties might. have been. yi'Iiothe) his a ioAV AA as correct or incorrect ave do not now inquire. Magistrates are not infinitude.' At the same time the decisions of magistrates, whose ability and experience are un- challenged, should not lightly be pionpain,çd, on the strength of ej.-/Jit'i/e stalpmcnW, to be' unsound, In the present case the defendant, on hearing the decision, said that the mail ter vVouleV not end threat would have to be loaned to the Colonial Si.citi.i.uiY and referred it was. It the defendant had not been a Public servant, he would have, had to seek redress. another way. The decision of the magistrate, if open to wages at all, would have been reviewed by a superior Court, A hero both parties would, have had a right to be heard. The Colonial. Sec ltitrAitv would have done well had he declined to place himself in the position of a court of appeal-a. position in which, although he perceives what seems to him "an entire miscarriage of justice," he is obliged to confess in effect that nothing can be done. Something is done aaIaoh the decision of an inferior Court in reversed by the properly constituted authority But this is not all. The Co_.o-.iAi- ¡__;c-_L-A-_y's minute is not only a heavy censure upon the magistrate , it casts a grave reflection upon the character of the complainant and his wife, upon whose evidence the conViction rested. Have these people any right to con- i sustenation P If they are as much aggrieved by the Colo vial ¡_i:c_u.i'Ai.y's minute as Mr MoorE was by the magistrate's judgment, for whom can they appeal 1 Would Mr. StuART, at their suggestion, employ Mr. Goonan, avIio conducted their case in the Water Police Court, to analyse the evidence and send him in a report 1 Such a suggestion may seem absurd; but there is no more injustice in it than there was in obtaining a report upon the Police Court case from the defendant's counsel Mr. EnM-Mib had full opportunity in April last to analyse the evidence, and say till we could against its credibility before Mr. Marsh. It is to be presumed that he did his duty to his client on that occasion. Was be the man by whom the case should be reviewed, behind the back of the complainant, his lawyer and the magistrate himself of Mr. St uah v is doubtless a kind-hearted man ; but for a man in his position, acting oiUciu-l.i, and not as a private friend, kindheartedness should be comprehensive enough to take in both' sides of a (question. in the head of a Government thoiO'bhouhl be not only a determination to do justice, but a scrupulous care that no cause of suspicion shall attach to the methods by which justice is done. The appointment of two or three gentlemen, graduates of the Sydney University, to the inspectorial work of the Education Pc pai'tuiQp,- is a now stop, one of the present recipes tor graduated at our' Alma Mater, but it was not named as the time of his appointment as a distinctive and influential (luuliU cation. lit the present cases it is understood to he a specific reason for the appointments that the new inspectors are University men. The windows of thubO appointments will be tested by result?.' The stage hitherto of appointing experienced teachers had something to commence it, and there still is good reason why such candidates in the office, if competent, should receive a fair share of the appointments. This is in the interests of the touching, stat- and of the schools, It would be discouraging to cut off from teachers all hope that the prize of the profession can over be their. When a man is Allowed to hot foot on the lo west nag of a hunter ho" generaL,!..- Vita his eyes to" the top moisture, and tells himself that he is to Bland Uioio)by-_ind-b<vi'. Other things being qrrual, a good teacher should make a good inspector. He has learned all the arts and encountered all the difficulties of the profession, and should have the fullest sympathy with, as well as the fullest knowledge of, a teacher'. life. The efficiency of the service should be well examined by such men. They know good Avopk because they have done it, and, with the certainty of loss to the touching staff, such men must in their turn receive inspectorial appointment.. but it by no means follows that no other order of men can supply good inspectors. I Persons' who are not certified as first-class teachers maybe certified as first-class scholars. ' Practice is always a debtor to theory. It has been correctly stated that genitiB invents, ' talen- executes, Press as well as masters have to he thought of, and" a good scholar is pretty sure to know all the difficulties of study or of learning. He is lil.Q_y~.i_ understand those or to remember them better, even than a teacher does. The latter has gone over the ground so often that there are no longer difficult places to him, and he is in danger of not realising the fact that all the difficulties of a natural kind that over stood in the way of scholars stand in their way still-that there is no loyal road to knowledge. The inspector who is fresh from the arena of hard study, and who may always keep alive in his mind a keen sense of the difficulties of teaming, will be in sympathy with scholars, and will supply a needed balancing force to the inspection made more especially if for a teacher's standpoint. The difficulty of finding enough First-class men in the ranks of teachers, because to take first class men from schools would greatly weaken the teaching staff", is a great one. It is greater than at first sight appeals. The number of first-class teachers is, in one some the same as the number of first-class schools, because the able teacher makes the excellent school. Mere numbers aggregated in one place may make a large school, but do not make a good one. The school and the master reflect each other, and it a thoroughly competent man is taken out of the ranks to leech o a commission he leaves a good school to a successor who may not a. et hav o won his spurs, and may never Avin them. It is fair to say that the Sydney University may be expected in future to send out more and more men who will devote themselves to the gentle life. Our Public Schools will move and more need the salt of sea manship as well as the substantial element of high teaching art. There is now not only the prospect but the certainty that they will have both. But there is the ghost of a danger that a jealous spirit may steal in among inspectors it too much is made of the differences now named.' It would be a niisl'oittuio to divide the staff by the line. Differences must still be differences of merit, not of origin, and only the best man must be declared the winner. At all events, the Minister may be supposed to think of the adherence of the staff and the progress of the schools. ' If he does, the inspiration of the guiding mind in the ¡.cpattine.it will do much towards the goodwill de iii ed in all parts of officers under him. A session or two ago the Government of Mr. Glass on). secured a new Land Act for Ireland : now it is seeking to pass at least an instalment of such an Act for England. The bill which has been introduced by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is an in 'stalment only. Although based on the same principle, and pointing in the same direction, it has nothing like the scope of the great measure which dealt with the grievances of Ireland. The tenant-right agitation is-, one thing in Ireland and another in England. In the one country) the agitation is to a large extent grounded on ancient traditions, in the other it has grown out of the altered conditions of the time. To the masses in Ireland tenant-right means a right of possession which is forfeited only by- non- payment of rent, and sometimes is not forfeited by that in England it means simply the right of the tenant to the improvements he has made in the property of the landlord. During the last quarter of a century English farming has been made a science as well as an industry. To compete with their neighbours, and especially with foreigners, tenants have found it necessary to employ money as well a must be. This new element in farming has led to a new claim, and, it may be added, a new right. Modern economists are agreed in maintaining that the property lights of the man who makes improvements in the soil are as sacred as the proper)- lights of the man who owns the soil The recognition of, this principle is the underlying features of the Irish Land Act, and it is to secure a broader acknowledgment of it that another Tenant Right Wing has been introduced into the House of Commons. The evil has been that while the English tenant has been at liberty to remove the im- provement-, the landlord refuses to buy, the improvements, which cannot be removed, which have gone into the land, and which may have vastly increased its letting value, a family and could confiscate without either competition or acknowledgment The task of dealing with this evil was not left tor Mr. Gi.ijisio.Ji.. In 1872 the Government of Lord PnAcoxsiiiir.D passed a Tenant Right Title, and one which in some important penthouses anticipated the bill now before the House of Commons. Indeed, some of the important provisions of the measure of the present Government are taken from that of their predecessors, Lord l__.ACo_._ni:_r>'s Act recognises the light of the soldier to his iuic_.-iaua.od improvements, it defines the kind of improvements for which compensation may be given, it gives the number of years as to which improvments shall be considered exhausted, and declares that the moral right of a tenant to compensation for unexhausted improvements shall be a legal right. But the pro. visions of the Beaconsfield Act are permissive, not compul- sen-. The Act says that landlords may give compensation for improvements not that they must. While climbing a relief for the tenant, it leaves him at liberty to contract himself out of that belief. It is at this point that the difficulty of providing tenants' compensation bills begins. One of the chief objections to Mt. (.¡LAnbroM.'b Irish Land Act was that it placed a limit on freedom of contract, and on a form of freedom of contract which it has been the aim of Liberal Governments to promote. The contention on the other hide is that freedom of contract is only a month to an end, and that one of the first principles of English legislation is that private uu'ungouientd must be interfered with when the general welfare renders such a step necessary. It is clear that in preparing the measure under consideration Air, Gi-au-J'om. and his colleagues have shown more respect for freedom of contract than the farmers and their friends will either approve or toleinU). The objection to the new Tenant Fight Pull will not be? that it is revolutionary in its tendency. While declaring the right of a tenant to compensation to be indefeasible and absolute, it leaves it to the landlord to say how far that light shall go. The improvements classified in the bill are of three kind. The last two are permanent improvements, the third kind being temporary. Under the first head there are buildings, roads, bridges, &c.; For the making of all improvements of this character the tenant must have the landlord's consent. If he makes them without consent he will have no claim to compensation. The improvements under the second head are confined to drainage. Of any improvement of this character the landlord must have notice, and the bill empowers him, to make the improvements himself, and to charge, " interest up to' 6" per cent, on his outlay If the landlord refuses to give his consent tenant can act without it. Temporary im- improvements namely,' those which are the result of working and manuring the land -the tenant can, make without either consent or notice. In regard to these-and it would seem to these alone-the right of the wT ant to compensation is indefeasible and absolute. The amount of the compensation is to be settled by arbitration, a right of appeal being given to the County Courts. As to the standard by which the improvements are to be estimated, the claim of the outgoing tenant will be measured by what the improvements have worth to the incoming tenant. If the improvements are worth nothing to the latter the former gets nothing. On the other hand, there is no limit as to the time when the improvements were made, or as to the amount claimed. Unless both parties agree to a six months' notice to quit, the notice required will be one of twelve months. The legal notice at present is a half yearly one. The hill modifies the law of distress so far as to deprive the landlord of his right to distrain for any rent falling due more than one year before the distress was levied," and as to place a limit on the right to distrain live stock taken in to graze by the tenant of the hold "rig." Machinery and implements not out- on hire are wholly exempted from distress. These appear to be the chief provisions of the most important bill of the present session, and unless we except the Bankruptcy laU, of about the only really important measure that is likely to be passed. The objection against the bill is that it does not go far enough. It will benefit the tenant who is leaving his farm, but offers no ences rangement to him while he is on it. Its provisions extend to a change of tenancy, but not to an alteration in the conditions of an exist- ing tenancy. It continues the law of distress, and fixed a limit to the improvement for which compensation may be claimed. It renders the consent of the landlord necessary to some of the most important of the improvements defined in the schedule, and permits landlords to contract themselves out of the law, provided, however, that " they arrange to compensate their tenants as fully as the provisions of the bill would compensate them." If the bill is accepted by agricultural reformer at all it will only be as an instalment. At present there seems to be some doubt as to whether it will be accepted at all. The Liberals do not like it because it is too Conservative, and the Conservatives do not like it for the simple reason that it is the handiwork of a Liberal Government. The trustees of Hyde, Phillip, and Cook Parks have presented a report which says much less for the work they have done than may be learned by a glance at the parks themselves. The report con- fines itself to a year or two's. work ; but the interested onlooker boos the work of many years. Whim Hyde Park was first so called it provoked a great deal of small was because the place was so unlike its great namesake in London. For some years the management and the public were not one on the question no to where paths ought to be placed. A line artistic arrangement of paths may not be at the same time a practical one, and then the public, to the injury of the park and the mortification of trustees, made ways for themselves. The trustees have to some extent surrendered, and with commendable wisdom they have laid down paths " in directions previously used over the grass." That is well ; the public knows its own wants, and the management has not had seriously, if at all, to violate any artistic design. The trustees deserve more thanks for what they have done than they are likely to get, put fly because all such work is severely criticised, especially by persons who know little about it, and if because the public often takes all such services as richly deserved, and therefore not to be rewarded even by a modicum of thanks. Plans for further improvements ought not to be delayed through lack of funds. The park is everybody's pleasure ground. If the estimated number of people passing through the park in a day is correct, the total ( for a your must be five or six millions. At that rate the place deserves to be made a thing of beauty and a joy. There are two particulars in the report which deserve attention. It is a ridiculous thing and a shame that the trustees should be annoyed by goats. Visitors to this city I often express their wonder at seeing these posts j haunting the markets and the streets ; but it is beyond endurance that they should be a nuisance in the park. It is to be hoped that the cry of the trustees will arrest the attention of those who have it in their power at once to alter this state of things. They ask also, and ought if necessary to have adequate police supervision at night. There are hardly any means of protection against the mean-spirited thief who will carry on a choice plant. If he can be caught, he ought to be dealt with according to justice, but night prowlers who haunt the place, to the danger of respectable citizens, may be more readily dealt with. The trustees correctly but modestly say the park is becoming worthy of the metropolis. What is wanted is that the people show them selves worthy of the park. When public attention has passed from the air sound folly of this Campbelltown robbery folly shown no loss by a man travelling manned with £1400 of hard cash in his bag than by the thieves with their booty about them taking train for Syd- Grey-st naturally turns to the admirable conduct of the police, and the exceedingly lucky capture. . There is no particular daring to be commended, no good fighting to be applauded. The affair is no more like the Wantabadgery business than the , Victorian Strathbogie muddle ; but there was prompt and skilful action. A cordon was formed, a net cast, into which the robbers walked and were captured. The argument that their own folly took them will not bear examination for it must be remembered that every road was watched, that the trackers were on the of all, that is a few hours the whole district would have been in arms, that the police plans had practically placed them between the devil and the deep sea they must either have been run to earth as vermin or have been caught, as they were caught, making back to the wilderness of Sydney. The police parties have our unreserved thanks upon the capture, and we may well congratulate ourselves that two such daring thieves will shortly be safely and permanently housed in Berrima. laws their crime been carried to a successful issue, they might have been the fathers of a new race of thieves ; the old school of bushrangers, now almost stamped out, might have been revived ; a police escort would have been required to every employer setting out to pay his men, and new bolts, bars, and armaments to every country store. Ino successful thieves would have been crowned we heroes the convicted felons will simply be smocked or brainless fools. The' prompt capture of a thief is a strong blow at the whole order of thieves, and this blow the police in the present instance have unquestionably struck. So would and so may it always be, will be the general comment, and so might it be if police action were always vigorous and smart as in the present instance. There is a weak point in most great crimes. The knaves plot accurately up to the time of possession, and after that trust \- f"Ck, and frequently the luck -is, lost by the i Wind exultation and delight the simple sense w possession creates. It is in that very moment Mr possession that the strong attack should be made. It saves time and treasure also, and still more important stamps crime and criminals with a palpably brand" of folly. In Australia the police of to-day's trees the police of twenty years ago as the soldiers of to-day are to the soldiers of the fifteenth century. They can summon all modern resources of telegraphy and railway communication to their aid, and' supplement them with the well-trained perceptions of the trackers ; but all would be useless without the good organisation and ready discipline which this latest episode teaches us we do not dack. _ 