HEWS AND NOTES. —Yours, &c.;, E. C." Only four gentlemen, Messrs Hardy, Oddie, Whiling, and G. F. S nith, attended the meeting of subscribers to the Creswick Relief Fund, which had been convened for yesterday afternoon, at the Unicorn hotel. O-vioglo the paucityof the attendance, do business was transacted. Tbe meet lug had been called by Mr John Hardy for ths purpose of ” considei iag the. proper manner of appropriating the funds subscribed, and the steps to be taken for the immediate distribution upon the conditions for which the money Was subscribed.” The four gentlemen who bad assembled, however, had a little convention among themselves. It was stated by one of the speakers that with reference to distribution a widow or other sufferer bad power to file a bill in equity, and that no act of Parliament would stop proceed ings. It was further stated that if the widows and orphans were liberally treated the dis satisfied subscribers would have no objection to allow any balance to go to a national fund. From what was also mentioned yesterday it ia not unlikely tb'aj an application will be made' to Mr Justice Molesworth for au order to dis* tribute the funds subscribed under certain* conditions. : A leading Bridge street tradesman yesterday called our attention to the existence of h strong stench in the 'channel in the centre of the thoroughfare named; He stated that it was almost, unbearable, and was far more dangerous to public health than any of the many other similar niusances which prevail in BilUrat Eist. A number of the ratepayers' of the town have decided, if e learn, to wait upon j the Town Council at its next meeting, with re* ferenca to sanitary matters. The deputation, which it ia said has bean formed, intends co point out the absurdity of the statements made on Friday night last by some councillors, and also ; to. request the appointment ofan efficient health inspector, a man who will be able to devote the whole of bis time to the duties, which are of a ! very grave character’, especially in a thickly populated and low lying town like Ballarat Erst,. _ According to* the files of the Q idensland papers, the miners of Charters Towers.have become fully alive to the truth of the : adage that “Union is .strength,”'had they have ac cordingly started an association on a basis similar to'that of the Miners* Association of Victoria. It is the desire, it is stated,, of the members of this new.organisation to become k branch of the kindred ono in Victoria, but according to the existing rules of the latter body this cinnot be done. There is a growing desire amongst the members of the Victorina body that its powers should be enlarged, and that it should be styled the Miners* Associa tion of Australasia. It '.is probable that this matter will be folly dUcussed at tba next conference to bo held in Sandhurst in Oc tober. Until the recent shooting affray at Warrnam* bool, , the fact that coolies were imported and employed as labourers in. any part of Victoria , appears to have been but little known amongst the working classes. The knowledge obtained in so singular a manner has caused j not a few to feel that an attempt may be. made I to make cooliejabour mure common, and it is not unlikely that some action will bo taken by the trades* unions and other bodies to put a B top to what is regarded as a dangerous pre cedent. It is thought that the “coolie** nui sance, if allowed to grow, would soon be on a . level with the “yellow agony, 1 * A pod mortem, examination of the body of the young man Michael Lyons disclosed the fnctjtbat death had resulted from the growth of a tumour in the brain. The of the deceased was attended by a large concourse of mourners. Over 100 young men walked before and after .the hearse, and about .30 vehicles were also in the procession. The remains were interred in the Hew Cemetery, and the llev. Father Meade officiated at the grave. An accident of an unusual nature happened late on Monday night to a young man named William Tretherstowe, a miner employed at. the Band and Albion Consols Company's claim. It appears that be was waiting to go on the night shift at the mine, and com- j menced wrestling with ’ another young mao, I the result being that Tretherstowe fell and broke bis leg. He was admitted to the Hospital. . Avery wise provision has been made in the regulations of the Town court. It is to the effect that young persons, of either sex. not having business, in the court will nut be allowed to remain therein. Ic le said to be the intention of the police that the rule shall be strictly carried out. Cr Robert Lawia, J.P,, whilst transact' ing court business yesterday, was somewhat nonplussed by the remark of a complainant in a debt case. The defendant did not appear at the opening of the case, and the worthy magta trate asked • complainant whether defendant was in a position to pay. The reply c.\mo in thorough Yankee twang, 11 Well, considering he is in your employ, I guess be is.** Aemile stole over the usually placid countenance of Mr Lewis, who then allowed the ciae to proceed without further comment. The defendant subsequently put in au appearance,' and then the fun was so intense that the court several times relaxed into a smile. Defendant was deaf, and complainant had, iu order to make himself heard, to place hie mouth to theyafil'oted man’s par. They'looked quite cordial in that position. Constable Valentine, who has a most stentorian voice, was obliged to act tho part of interlocutor between tbo magistrates and the defendant, and the spectacle was. at times irresistibly comic. The Town Council again reckons amongst its members Mr James Long, who has been , returned unopposed to Mr Thomas Wood's vacant chair* Mr Long's return to Ballarat 1 to reside enables him to devote the time i necessary to the proper performance of the , duties of a Town Councillor. Mr Long brings with him tbo experience of former years served ia the same capacity with credit to himself and satisfaction to the ratepayers, , Sergeant M'Parlaml, of B.llarat Eist, is I nut to be promoted to tho position of sub ' inspector, Mr Chomley, the Chief Commia -1 Burner of Police, has replied to the resolution I asking the promotion mentioned recently | parsed by the magistrates of the town. The .following is the gist of the reply:—"The 1 Chief Commissioner is pleased to see that i Sergeant STParland is so well liked in bis dia* | trier, but there are many senior sergeants in I the force who have first to be considered.” I It is stated that Mr MTarland has been a first-class sergeant for a .little over eighteen month". Members of the police force were yesterday I drilled by Sergeant Fegm, of Melbourne, in i the ua*e of firearms. The Martini-Henry car ! bines were fitted with “ Morris' patent tube,” I by which the bore of the weapon was reduced. 1 so that practice for an imaginary distance of I 300 yards was held in the barracVroom. The shooting. under that arrangement was very' good. Several members of the force, includ ing Sergeant Carden, were then exercised in position drill in the lockup yard. The practice 1 in the barrack-room has its ludicrous aspect. Two tables were perforated by the bullets, whilst a constable’s box, containing his kit, baa sustained a bole through tbe middle. . It is stated that typhoid fever does not now exist in Talbot street. Scarlet fever has, it is reported, made its appearance in Ripen street, in the neighbourhood of Talbot street. Tbe Cartabrook and Majorca branch of the A.M.A. bold their annual picnic at tbe gardens to-day. The pleasure seekers will arrive, by excursion train at tbe Western railway station about 10 a.m., and will then proceed to their, destination. The return journey will be com menced at 6.55 p.m. A lad named Morebam, whilst employed at a building in course of construction in Webster street, fell from tbe top, on Monday after noon, and fractured tbe bone of bis arm just above the wrist. He was conveyed to tbe surgery of Dr Eastwood, who attended to tbe . injury. | Two cases of typhoid fever have occurred during tbe last day or two ia Victoria street. Tbo attention of Sergeant M'Farland is directed to the locality in question, and, no doubt, he will take the usual energetic action to suppress tbe nuisances, if any, that exist in | the neighbourhood. An arrest of disorderly characters was made • in Ballarat East yesterday. In tbe afternoon some members of the Town police force pro ceeded to a house of ill-fame in Grant street, the occupier of which was one William Hayes. Upon entering the place they found au old man named Montgomery, latterly an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, and two notorious females, Annie Drummond (better known as “ Chinaman Annie”) aod Mary Murphy, engaged in drinking whisky, Hayes act ing ns dispenser of the liquor; Tbe woman Drummond, wbn was in a semi naked condition, endeavoured to bide herself when the constables entered tba door of the dwelling. The police returned to the station, and obtained warrants for tbe arrest of tba quartette, who were subsequently lodged in the Town lock-up. Hayes was. absent at tbo time of . the second visit of the police, bub Constable .Barrett remained behind and ar rested him upon his return home shortly afterwards/ arid the two women | were charged with .being idle.and disorderly person*, and Hayes with being;tbe occupier of 1 -bouse' frequented .by persons having no visible lawful means of support. . A disgrace' ful scene occurred in the,house id questibnat an early- hour yesterday morning Hence the visit of the guardians of the peace. The green-eyed monster, jealousy, was well illustrated at the City Police Court yesterday. William Stokes pud his devoirs to a lady, but she did hot reciprocate the affection, and eventually got married to a man named Mnizjr. The discarded lover permitted bis disappointment to outweigh his reason, and smashed four panes of glass in a bouse belong ing to, bis whilom love, fie was fined £2, with costs £1 325. in default 21 days* imprison moot, for his escapade. . \- A boy named Coady appeared at the City Police Court yesterday on a charge of vagrancy. He had been in the habit of sleeping ouc nod rendering himself obnoxious to the residents of Ballarat West. He had been remanded from a previous sitting of the court, as Sab iospector P<trkin*op had promised to get Captuiu Brans, of the Reformatory, to interest himself on the boy’s behalf. Captain Evans yesterday stated to the bench that Coady had been an inmate <>f the Reformatory. Ha was troublesome at first, but be gradually became better in his ‘behaviour. He was then in the service of a farmer at Humurkah for a period of 33 months. Hie employer spoke well of the lad’s conduct, but unfortunately the farmer was unable to pay the boy proper wages. .Coady came back to Ballarat where he was again led astray by other boys. Captain Evans wns of opinion that if-Coady promised to go to work again he would fulfil hts promise. Coady then lefc the court in charge of Captain Evans, who said he would find him a place in the country. A boy named John O’Brien, residing atßun r gafee, met with a painful accident yesterday. It appears that . O’Brien and bis brother were chopping wood in the bush near their residence, when by some means O’Brien got his finger under the axe with the result that a very severe cut was inflicted. The sufferer was treated at the Hospital. A man named Patrick Coffey, residing at Brown Hill, was-admitted into the Hospital yesterday suffering from a dislocation of the ankle. The injury was .received by Coffey stopping into a rut in the ground, and getting ins leg twisted under him. An adjourned meeting of the Engine* drivers' Association will be held on Saturday evening next. The weekly meeting of the Dawson street i Congregational MJ.Aj wns held on Monday evening. Mr Vice-President Reeves in the chair. It being “Letter-box night,” two i letters were read, one on “ Ghosts and Hob goblins,” and the other on “Rewards." After the letters bad been read, discussion followed, several of tbe members recounting their per sonal experiences in relation to supposed ghosts, and idso telling other ghost stories.. Tbe next night of meeting is "Junior members’ night,” -when two-of the youoger members of the association will read short essays. The anniversary services in connection with the Smythe°dale Wesleyan Church were cele brated on Sunday last when two excellent sermons (morning and evening) were preached by the Rev. Thomas Williams to large and appreciative congregations. On Monday the usual tea and public meetings took place which were both largely attended. About 150 persons sat down to a first class tea presided over by tbe ladiee of tbe congregation, which was followed by a public meeting under the presidency of Mr Stratban, of Ross’ Creek. Interesting and instructive addresses-were de* livered by the Revd?. Williams. Wesleyan; Harris, Episcopalian; Finlay, Presbyterian; and E. Orlando Knee, superintendant of tbe circuit. At intervals.daring tbe evening the church choir*rendered several choice pieces of sacred music very effectively. The meeting was brought to a close with tbe usual devotional exercises, A man named Sidney Herbert, \yho states that be once held a position under the Vic torian Government, was brought before the Town Court yesterday, charged with stealing a pair of blucher boots. The prisoner was re* manded until Monday. Mr R. A. Robertson, who met with a severe accident on Friday last, in Victoria street, left tbe Hospital on Monday. He was in a very weak condition, but was anxious to return to bis home. We learn that Constable Corrigan, who has been for some time entitled to bis superannua tion allowance, intends to retire from the police force shortly. It is said that he contemplates retirement on account of dis duties being too heavy for him at his age, and that he' wishes to end his days in peace. The season fur perch fishing at the lake, which closed on Monday, was, it is said, tbe most successful one that has bsen experienced for some years pis*. The " takes” were gener ally very large, both ae regards the number and weight of tbe finny specimens, which, in most cases, were in splendid condition. Very few fishers secured any other prey than perch, though a few lucky ones succeeded iu landing carp. The small number of trout caught has been a subject of remark. For trolling the most successful bait wan the " flash,” and for float-fishing tbe “mud-eye,” otherwise the larva of a dragon fly. It is thnught that the season could be advantageously prolonged for another month at least, so that a thinning out I of some of the “older inhabitants” of the hike | could be effected iu order to save tbe young- I Biers, as the perch is well known to have a I penchant for devouring his own sons and daughters. In our paragraph yesterday regarding the Scarsdale railway, it should have been said that the line of rails was completed as far as Haddon, not Scarsdale. The trial trip took place on tbe portion of the Hue already laid. Mr Richard Baker, M.L A., is progressing as favourably as can be expected. He suffered a relapse a few days ago, consequent upon his rising from his bed too soon, but he has since regained bis condition. The Hon. Richard Richardson is attending to the wants of Mr Baker’s constituents in tbe Wimmera district. Mr Baker himself hopes to be in his. place iu Parliament early in the next session, Tbe remains of the late Mreßrassnor will be interred to-day. The friends of tbe deceased lady are Invited to attend tbe funeral which leaves the Cattle Yards inn at 2 30 o’clock, p.m. Tbe usual monthly meeting of' the Ballarat City Fire Brigade was to have been held last evening, but on account of the brigade’s patronage having been given to the concert in aid of the Blind Asylum, it was decided to adjourn the meeting v to Thursday next, tbe 3rd lost., at tbe usual time and place. I ' A second concert was given by the blind pupils in the Alfred Hall last oveuiog. The amount realised was £79 11s. A capital pro gramme was gone through in good style, and subsequently a large quantity of tbe goods manufactured by pupHe, were disposed of at satisfactory prices. A report appears else where. Yesterday’s Avoca Mail sayst—•“ For the last two evenings fires have been raging on tbe Pyrenees, doing considerable damage.” List evening’s TFbrW says t—" Wo under stand that tbe friends of Mr Baker, M.L A , have submitted bis* cise against the New Discovery Company at Beaufort for damages, in consequence of his recent severe accident, to counsel,* and have been advised that Mr Baker has a perfect action against the company. We have not beard whether Mr Baker intends to take action.” A telegram from Echuca. )t£> last night’s World says ” Robert Heury Robertson, the man who obtained money and goods valued at £5 from Syke, tobacconist, baa been arrested at DeniHquin. He was brought up at tbe Police Court.there on Tuesday morning, and remanded to appear at Echpca next Tues day.” Tbe Grenville Advocate says:—“News from Skiptoa states that typhoid fever, mumps, &c..; are very prevalent just now in that gene rally very healthy township.” Yesterday evening’s Herald says:—'"Some very sensible remarks were made by Mr Alley, P.M., at tbe Collingwood Police Court to day iu couuecliou with a charge against a flue strapping young fellow, named Charles Flan nery, of having made use of obscene language.. There was no doubt as to the committal of tho offence, and Flannery confessed to two pre vious convictions. Mr Alley said it was a* sad thing to think that Flannery and the four girls who bad been where he now stood a few minutes before were to be the parents of the next generation. What the progeny of such parents, would be it was really sad to contemplate. The bench regretted they • could not send him to gaol for a vesy lengthened -period. He would impress on Flannery, when he Qimo out to try and amend his mode 'of life, . A fine young fellow like the accused might have a* happy home, and take part in Eight Hours* Demonstrations, and many a wlfo if he so desired, and bring up a family in respectability,... This was not*his first appearance, nor an effetws committed in a moment forgetfulness ‘ Flannery begged hard to be Jet off this time, but Mr Allay said the bsooh coaid not do so in justice to ths public; and sentenced the accused to three months' imprisonment in default of a fine of £iv:' The Ararat A dveriiszr write?:—"lt fa use** less to bind ourselves to the fact that social iatic rationalism, expanding under repressive Governments into Nihilum, m the growing impulse which is arising to warn the life of nations. The toiling masses of the old world manumitted by legislation from perpetual toil partly educated by # the extension of national systems of teaching and the enormons develop j ment of the cheap press, are crying for higher I privilege*, extended powers, and ‘a different 1 adjustment of the chief condition? of life. And I though the answers to their passionate plead, iuga any be delayed for a season longer, such events as those now happening In the heart of England teach us that tho burgeofa and tho aristocratic classes are not numerically power ful enough to refuse to listen tb' the appeal. Great changes in social conditions must arise, and wise Statesmen will seek rather to direct and modify than t« resist the wave which is evidently growing more impetuous. Perhaps the most painful .aspect of the new thought movements to the colonist in whom the love of country burns, is the'increasing indiffaranca to and in many instances rej-ction of reli gion.” A somewhat serious.accident happened at the mine of the Union Quartz Company, Am herst, on Saturday afternoon, to Mr William Furze.-Mr Fuizs was (says the I&xder;) Attending to some pitch, which was boiling on a lire, when, by some means, a dynamite cap fall into tha.yesssl. On proceeding to remove the pitch, the cap exploded and splashed up the pitch in the man’s face, with serious effect. The injuries sustained comprise severe scalds on the face and head, and so literally •was his head covered with the boiling pitch, that it was found necessary to cut his hair off toremove the hat • the unfortunate man was wearing. Fortunately Furze’s eyes were nob seriously injured, A young man named James Moncrieff, a son of Mr James Moncrieff, of Toolamba, near .Mooroopna, was (says tho Aryiw) received into the local hospital on Monday morning suffer ing from concussion of the brain. He had been found lying insensible on the roadside near Tatura, his face blackened, and his clothes all torn. The police are investigating the circumstances. Tueadiy’a Ocelong Advtrlhtr says:—“Yes' terday afternoon, whilst driving round High ton, Miss Bannister, daughter of the well known wine and spirit merchant in Ryrie street, with a lady friend from Ballarat, nar rowly escaped a serious accident. The horse, owing no doubt to the quantity of loose metal, tripped and fell, severely cutting his knees, broke, the shafts of the buggy and several portions of the harness.. The sudden stoppage of the vehicle caused the lady visitor from the goldfields to be precipitated over the side of the buggy, but fortunately she escaped with out a scratch. Assistance being at hand, the horse wag prevented from bolting.” A telegram from Horsham in yesterday’s ■ Argus anys:— 11 The price of wheat has slightly improved, owing to the increased demand in Melbourne, the quotation now being BJd per bushel. Very-little is coming forward, but sales of a number of stored parcels have been effected. The weather is hue, and there are no indications .of a change; rain is much wanted.” It will be well (says the Dunolly Express) for all who have the misfortune to appear before the present P.M. of this district to don their “ Sunday-go to-meeting ’’ clothes, other wise there may be a penalty inflicted for con tempt of court, ns was threatened to be the case with a Bswliba tradesman if he dared to appear In the court again in his working suit. Yesterday’s Argus has the following telegram from Colac:—“A case of highway robbery is reported. A man named Frederick Newcome, a navvy employed on the Colac and Camper down railway, is alleged to have on Saturday night rushed at another navvy named Birnes, close to the Colac station gate, bit him on the face, knocked him down, and taken 25? from his pockets. The accused was brought up at the local court to-day,’ and remanded until Friday,” A telegram from Qeatbcote, in yesterday’s Arr/us, says:James Morse, cirrying ou busiuesa as a butcher, was arrested on Sunday, and brought up at the local court on the fol lowing day, charged with stealing sheep, the property of Mrs Bullock, of Wild Buck. Brisoner was remanded till Friday, bail being allowed,” The Telegraph says:—“lb is painfully evident that, unless decisive measures are .taken at the earliest practicable moment to withdraw all appointments in the Education Department from political influence, we shall be conniving at the continuance of a system which, in the bauds of unscrupulous meu, will degrade our schoolrooms into institutions for the propagation of ignorance, and the dis semination of immorality. This is equivalent to poisoning the fountain heads of intelligence and purity, and no language is too strong to be employed in reprobating so scandalous, so infamous a proceeding.” The Australasian Sketcher for the month is a very good number. It contains a picture of a man perched in n tree and watched by so alligator, views of tho Carlton Browory, the railway collision in Queensland, u Melbourne coffee-stall, the eight hours’ demonstration, sketches of tho coursing season, memories of old Melbourne, and the bush photographer. There are also likenesses of Miss Rosa Towers and the Rev. Joseph Walker, of Ballarat. The following letter appeared in yesterday’s Jrv/ui;—“Sir,—A paragraph in to-day’s issue states that at n largo and influential meeting'of Freemasons, held on Friday *an overwhelm ing majority confirmed the deatrabiUy of form ing a Grand Lodge of Victoria.’ As this may bo misleading to many provincial and even metropolitan brethren, lask leave to state that those who are known to be opposed to the movement were not invited to attend, or even apprised of the meeting. The ’overwhelming majority,* therefore, in no way applies to the whole body of Freemasons, but only to a sec tion that have long since desired to improve their standing by the alteration.* Mr Wall will deliver a lecture at Hie School of Mines this evening on “The Physical Ap pearance of the Mood near its Western Limb.** Tae lecture is intended for girls and their female friends only. Two telescopes will be available for observation after the lecture. There will nob be a meeting for boys this week. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horti cultural Society will be held this evening at the Mechanics' Institute. Mr James Long, in our advertising columns, thanks the ratepayers of Ballarat E*at fer electing him to a seat in their council without opposition. Mr M. C, Cary advertises anew stock of books suitable for the month of Miry, aud at very moderate prices. A special meeting of members of the Austra lian Natives* Association will be held at Craig’s hotel, at 8 o’clock this evening, to transact important business. The attention of investors, hotelkeepers, and others is Invited to the sale of the City of York hotel, Clarendon and Ligar streets, at 12 o’clock; also to building blocks, in Drummond and Exeter streets, at 1 and half-past 1, this day, by David Cooke, auctioneer. Attention is called to the sale by auction to* day, at 12 o’clock, by Messrs Brokenshtre and Coltmau, of a good eight-roomed house, with stable, on a large allotment of freehold land, situated At 66 Eyre street, near street. Two very important sales take place this day/atll o’clock, by Mr F. M. GiastoQ* first will comprise that splendid brick-built residence now in the occupation of Dr Bunce, aud situate at the corner of Byra and Dovetoa streets. This is a rare chance for any gentle man who requires a centrally-situated family residence- to secure one. It is within minutes’* walk from the cost office. After which, on the premises immediately opposite, the,whole of the magnificentfurmture belong ing to Mrs Bouvard (wbois having for England) will bo offered for public competition. 