NEW BORDER TREATY WITH NEW SOUTH WALES. The three years' period of the Border Duties Convention with New South Wales ? is now approaching its termination, and a new treatv is to be determined upon. Bv the existing agreement South Australia pays to New South Wales by quarterly instalments an annual Bum of £47,500, and in return New South Wales collects the duties on goods arriving from this colony and hands them over to the South Australian Treasury. The strong point about this arrangement is its simplicity. . It left trade to its own devices, and never harassed either merchants or carriers. But its weak point is that it leave.3 the collec tion of our Customs duties to a Govern ment which had no special interest in seeing that the total sum payable was ? accounted for. It is difficult enough, and sometimes a very invidious task, to enforce - the payment of duties to one's own Go vernment. But when the Customs House officers are working for a strange Govern ment the difficulty becomes very much. greater. It has been matter of general comment for some time that the New South Wales Government, to put it mildly, displayed no very burning zeal in the cause of the South Australian revenue. No notice whatever has been taken of the traffic across the Border by way of the Barrier Ranges or np to the Alberb Gold-fields. The enterprise necessary to establish Customs officers on these routes would have entailed Iobs to the New South Wales revenue from a double point of view. But the consequence has been ? that this colony has been obliged to step ? in in self- defence, and to some extent hamper the trade on the eastern border routes. Again, as the Collector of Customs complains in his memorandum, which we publish elsewhere, the provisions ? of the convention with reference to the extra duty on tobacco imported here in leaf ' and sent to New South Wale3 manufac* tured have been systematically neglected. Leniency has been the brder of the day ? on the New South Wales side, and the task of collecting other people's money does not seem to have been congenial to the officers to whom that duty was entrusted. It is therefore not strange that a loss of about £12,000 should have been in curred by thia colony in respect of the past two or three years' transactions. Even a few months after the convention had been concluded, when Mr. Cooke moved for . a return showing the amounts collected for this colony on the New South Wales Border during about six months before and after the beginning of the agreement, the result exhibited was that the receipts had fallen from £18,901 to £12,899. Some of thia no doubt was calculated for. But the fall was altogether too great. There have been difficulties on both sides, and even the Customs officers of this colony could not prevent a certain amount of Jaxity and smuggling. Mr. Sanderson in his letter to the Treasurer refers to the flagrant attempts at fraud which have been perpetrated by some finm who obtained drawback on gooda through this colony and then brought these same goods back into South Australia without paying duty. This trick will be specially provided against if the draft convention Number 2, which the Collector of Customs utmite, be adopted. It must be allowed by any one examining the two schemes a3 set forth in the memorandum, that the second draft convention, namely, that one recommended by Mr. Sanderson, is more equitable and reasonable than the first, which is merely a revival with triSing alterations of the old agreement. The two colonies, nnder the new proposal, are to draw up a quarterly balance sheet on the same principle that is adopted by ordinary commercial houses. Becords are to be kept of all dutiable good3 passing to and fro. The amounts payable on goods from South Australia to New South Wales are not to be paid at once, but simply re ' iorded. 'When a settlement is to take place whichever colony is on the debit side of the account will pay the balance in cash. A year's experience of an arrangement of this sort on the Queensland Border enables the Customs officials to testify to its fair ness. It will be remembered that towards the close of hist year we called attention to the. absence of any arrangements for collecting duties on the boundary between South Australia and Queensland. Several letters on the subject appeared in our columns, and it was generally agreed that in the interests of the Queensland resi dents, as well as of the two Governments chiefly concerned, it was advisable that the trade between the two colonies should be legalized and regulated by the establish ment of Customs officials on the Border. There was no necessity to employ a special officer to kick his heels in idleness during the greater part of the day. The police officers are afc their po3t3, and fortunately they are not over burdened with work. So they were drafted into the service, and became Customs officials besides guardians of the law. The change has worked well, and would, no doubt, work well on the New South Wales Border wherever special Customs officersdonotatpresent exist. At any rate, it would obviously be to the advantage of each colony to gain as com plete a record as possible of all the dutiable goods brought into its territory. This of itself would be a guarantee of a greater amount of justice than is at pre sent possible. Evasion, if not impossible, would be at all events unprofitable, for there would be no object in attempting to pass goods without entering them with the Customs officials. The difficulties in the way of such a settlement are of a practical nature. The officials of the two colonies would no doubt check each others' results, and there would be some grumbling occasionally on the part of : the colony which might have to pay. But, on the other hand, the conditions of trade would be rendered more equitable than they are at present. If it is true, as has been asserted, that large firms have taken advantage of that laxity to compete on very unfair terms with others, then undoubtedly a radical change is required. The condition of the overland trade alone would be sufficient to condemn the existing state of affairs. Not that the present convention neglects to make pro vision for it. It is distinctly provided in the agreement with New South Wales that customs shall be collected on all dutiable goods taken acrcss the Border, whether by way of the Murray or otherwise, yet [not only has this |never been attended to, but Mr. Sander son, in making up his returns, is at the present moment unable to say with any ap proach to certainty what is the value of the'trade overland across the Border. It is certainly not creditable to the New South Wales Government that they have taken bo light a view of their national obligations that, although this colony was paying them annun17y several thousands more than it reccivifl, not the slightest trouble or expense was incurred in gathering a portion of the revenue which should have accrued to South Australia. However, as we have already said, it is perhaps too much to expect any one to shew as much zeal in collecting other people's money as his own, and there certainly are consider able difficulties in the way of a complete surveillance of the Border trade. By a new convention it may be possible to avoid any injustice, and as suredly South Australia should not be made to suffer for the remissness of those in another colony. A very large outlay has been incurred by South Aus tralia in endeavouring to give facilities of communication and trade to those in the Albert district of New South Wales, while until very recently the Govern ment of that colony has done but little in the district except collect the land revenue. The completion of the railway to Bourke will no doubt in a few months divert to Sydney some proportion of the trade now belonging to Adelaide. That line was, perhaps, a necessity ; but what we wiah to protest against is any attempt on the part of any one of the Colonial Go vernments to govern a large district solely in the interests of it3 capital city. Each district should be administered in the interests of its inhabitants. The Border difficulties are likely, as was pointed out a few days ago by a correspondent, to force on the question of federation more . than perhaps any other class of considera tions. Trade should be allowed to flow in its natural channels, and no colony should be forced to pay for the privilege of trading with its neighbour. This can only be becured by providing for the go vernment of Australia as one grand federal un«t, and attending to the wants of each district simply and solely on its merits. The Old Colonists' Association. — We certainly regret tc learn, from the report which appears elsewhere, that the Old Colonists' Association has not prospered to such an extent as the promoters of the movement desired and hoped that it ?would. At the same time we do not think that this result is to be wondered at, or that it furnishes special reason for disappointment. There are probably several reasons to be taken into account as explaining the seeming apathy towards the movement. For one thing, during the last few months the colony has been passing through an exceedingly severe crisis, which has probably affected more severely what may be called the middle clas3 than it has the working classes of the colony. Then again, whik tnere is a general feeling that a spirit of generosity should be displayed towards the pioneer colonists upon whom fortune has njt smiled, there is not the same feeling in regard to those who ar rived in the country at a more recent date, or to [the descendants of the earliest settlers. It is felt that the latter have enjoyed equal advantages with others who could not lay claim to the benefits offered by the Old Colonists' Association, and that there is no reason why any special generosity should be ex tended to them. Further, there can be no doubt that there is an increasing dis trust of the real good accomplished by the multiplication of eleemosynary organiza tions. Those who have come from Eng land and havehad the opportunity of watch ing the history of such Associations know that, though they have been frequently started with the very best intentions, they have in a few years led to the most mischievous results, and there is a natural disinclination to repeat in this new country the mistakes 'for which the old country has had to pay at a most costly rate. Then, again, people begin in creasingly to feel that there is a real truth in the old saying that we must be just before we are generous. The most liberally disposed feel that the twenty, or hundred, or thousand pounds that they give to a deserving object represents but the smallest part ef what they owe to their neighbours, and the public mind is being gradually but surely directed towards such a revision of our social laws and customs as will render honest poverty, except in very rare cases, almost impossible. We mention these circumstances, not with the object of detracting from the claims of the Old Colonists' .association, but as explaining, in some degree, the apathy of which the committee complain. To-day especially we have every reason to hold in honoured remembrance the pioneers of the colony, and it is a happy coincidence that the report of the first annual meeting of the Old Colonists' Association appears on the anniversary of the proclamation of the colony, and before the benevolent feelings specially associated with the Christmas festivities have Io3t their power. Proclamation Day.— The forty-seventh anniversary of the proclamation of the colony will be celebrated in the usual manner to-day. The attractions provided for the occasion, which will be observed as a geneial holiday, consist of the anniversary sports at Glenelg, races on the Old Adelaide Course, a Catholic picnic at Woodville, and a cricket match on the Kensington Oval between an eleven from the Kadina Club and a team chosen by the Kensington Association. We understand ihat His Excellency the Governor has signified his intention of being present at the sports at Glenelu. He will be received by His Worship the Mayor of Glenelg and the Sports Committee at the Institute steps at 4.30 p.m. His Excellency having expressed a wish to see some of the events the committee have slightly altered the programme. The water polo match and the grand water tournament match, which created such ex citement last year, will be postponed till the arrival of His Excellency. A salute will be fired by two divisions from A Battery upon Colley Reserve at noon. Old Colonists' Association.— The first annual meeting of the Old Colonists' Associa tion \?as held at the Town Hall Refreshment room, on Thursday, and was only Bparsely attended. The report stated that the total amount received by the Association was £293, of which £200 had been placed in the Bank on deposit for twelve months, and the remainder had been spent in defraying ex penses connected with the foundation of the Association, and rendering assistance to a number of deserving old colonists. Regret was expressed at the small support which had been given to the Association, and it was stated that a special effort to secure sub scrintf 3A3 is to be made daring the ensuing year. Hospital Board.— The meeting of the Hospital Board arranged for Thursday, December 27, lapsed for waat of a quorum. The only members present were Drs. Wyatt and Cliudening and the Hon. M. Salom. The Telephone in the Country.— Tele' phonic communication has been established between Messrs. G. McEwin & Son's factory at Glen Ewin and the Teatree Gully Tele graph Station, which will, no doubt, facili tate the firm's business transactions. Adelaide Passengers per Potosi.— From Messrs. J. Stilling we learn that the Potosi arrived at Melbourne at noon yesterday, and that the Adelaide passengers, luggage, and cargo will leave by the Liguria on Saturday. Field Artillery Enrolment.— The Com mandant enrolled seven recruits at the Staff Office on Thursday morning for A Battery, but none for B. A number of men who had certificates were prevented from attending through business, otherwise there would have been a greater number enrolled. New Year's Number of the Observer. — The New Year's number of the Observer published to-day is a bulky issue of sixty four pages, including— hi addition to the usual interesting collection of essays, reviews, notes of travel, fiction, humour, &c;— several original stories, humourous sketches, and poetry, written specially for this festive season. The majority of the sketches have a joyous, hopeful ring about them, singularly appropriate for the New Year, when, stand irg on its threshold, we turn our backs on the chequered past, and anticipate with pleasure and confidence the new experiences, the better opportunities, and the more useful careers which we are firmly persuaded 1884 has in store for us. For the most part the literary keynote in these stories is high, and the pitch is well maintained. The first on the list is ' A Strange Career, and a Bright Christmas,' contributed by EJ.C., which, notwithstanding some minor defects in the description of scenery, is a very readable account of bush life in the eaily days. The writer has mixed up in a very entertaining fashion some rather gruesome ghost incidents ; the discovery of a nice little gold-mine by two friends, -who worked it at their leisure ; fights with the Australian blacks, and a charming young lady, who afterwards meeta her fate in one of of the afore-mentioned fighty Belvideres. ' Caught in a Man-Trap,' by Frank Barn field, is correctly described as 'a novel ad venture.' 'Separation,' a lever de rideau from the pen of G. Egremont, is a readable skit on the impulsiveness of a very estimable young couple who, by the artful ma chinations of a legal adviser, painted in very black colours, are so worked up that nothing Ies3 than a full, complete, and irrevocable separation will satisfy their notions of wounded honour. The dialogue leading up to the denouement, which was not exactly what i: the villain of the play' wanted, though exaggerated, is amusing, and is not without a moral. 'Only a Study,' by Selwyn Eyre, is the story of one of those pathetic episodes in human life with which the most of us are familiar. The most pretentious tale, and in some respects the most attractive, of the series is ' An Old Score,' by Frederick Talbot, author of 'Jack Pugh's Legacy,' 'ThroughFire and Water,' and other works of fiction. It may be described as a well-written account of a social tragedy, the disastrous effects of which were eventually obviated by a daughter's devotion. Besides the tales, which are of course the chief feature of the number. The Murray Co:tyentiox.— We have been kindly supplied by the Chief Secretary with a copy of the scheme which has been laid before the New South Wales Government, with the proposal that it should be adopted in lieu of the existing Convention. The sug gested agreement is framed on the basis of paying by results, and the Collector of Cus toms, in urging its adoption, points out that while the existing Convention has been a convenience to traders, still the revenue has suffered financially to the extent of £12,000 in two and a half years by means of its provisions. He says also, that ' the exchange of accounts quarterly and payments accordinely would obviate this loss, and neither colony would pet any advantage of the other. Both here and on the river in New South Wales efficient establishments of Customs officers exist who keep accurate returns of imports and exports, from which all necessary information could be obtained to effect a settlement. The trade overland is the only difficulty I see, and that cor.ld, I believe, be easily arranged by the two Governments respectivelv employing their police as Border Customs officers, public notice being given by the persons concerned of the intention to cross with any goods. Statistics could in this manner be easily kept. The system of collecting statistics in this way is in force on the Queensland border, and is, I believe, most successful. In this way all staple produce dutiable by New South Wales tariff would have to be accounted for by South Australia and vice versa.' A Painful Case.— The City Coroner on Thursday held an enquiry into the circum stances attending the death of Fanny At kinson, a young married woman, who died in the Adelaide Hospital on the night of December 25. The evidence was to the effect that the poor woman, who was preg nant, had been suffering from a variety of causes, of which haemorrhage of the bladder was one, and after being attended by a Mr. T. Ekia Smith, who was not a duly qualified medical man, she was treated by Dr. Elliott, but neither appeared to have thoroughly diagnosed her case. On Christmas morning she was sent on the order of Dr. Elliott to the Hospital, and arriving there in a dying state was received by Dr. Dun'.op under protest, as he con sidered that she was unfit for removal from her own home. She died at 8.20 p.m., and the post mortem showed that the primary eause of death was hoemorrhage of the bladder, and the secondary cause uremia. The Jury found a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence, and censured Dr. Elliott for not sending the case to the Hospital earlier, and Mr. Smith for interfering with the case at all. The Crops in the Hundred of Wandea rah. — Our correspondent says that ' the land under crop in the southern end of the hundred is mostly mullenized, and so far answers well, though the grubbed land is superior in respect to yield. This year it has been found that the best crops grew upon the Bats or plains, and not on the sandhills, as in previous years, the rust having affected the latter to the extent of ten bushels per acre more than it did the latter. Mr. Johnson ha3 obtained an average of twenty-two bushels per acre ; Mr. John Turner, ditto ; Mr. Joseph Turner estimates an average of eighteen or twenty bushels per acre ; Mr. Watson is reaping from twenty to thirty bushels ; Mr. Noble has obtained from twenty to twenty Bve, and Mr. H. Dennis's as high as twenty six bushels per acre, with an expected average Df twenty. The lowest I have heard of is eleven bushels per acre.' Home tor Incurables. — The monthly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Home for Incurables was held at the Church Office on Thursday, December 27. Present— Dr. Wylde (in the chair), Mrs. Farr, Mrs. Downes, Mrs. Horace Lamb, Mrs. C. B. Hardy, Mrs. Colton, Mrs. Makin, Dr. Gardner, Dr. Charles Gosse, Rev. Thomas Field, and Mr. James Smith. A warrant For £115 9s. 8d. was passed for payment. Five applications for admission out of six were granted, but there were no vacancies at present. The Building Committee re ported that the architects, Messrs. Cumming & Davies, had been instructed to prepare plans and specifications and to call for tenders for the Gosse Memorial Wing. Secretary reported the receipt of £39 4s. 3d. from Lady Robinson, as proceeds Df concert in Town Hallj £20 from Mrs. Tilly, as proceeds of concert given by the pupils of Hardwicke College, under Mr, Lyons's conductorship ; and £16 13a 4d. from Labour League of South Australia, all for the Gosse Memorial Wing, besides several smaller amounts. The following gifts have been received :— Cakes and biscuits, from the Aerated Bread Company ; wine, from W. Milne, jun.; provisions, from Finlayson and Co. and R. Powell ; and a number of large 3tone jars, from Faulding & Co. The Secre tary reported that some ladies had provided the inmates with a very nice Christmas iinner, and that Mr. Martin, of Unley, with several friends, had given an entettainment it the Home on December 26, which had been greatly appreciated by the inmates. Kadina Club v. Kensington Associa noN. — The following players will repre sent the Kadina Cricket Club in the match igainst the Kensington Association, to be played on the Kensington Oval to-day:— Davis, E. and W. Edwards, Ferguson, Hanton, Humphries, W. and G. Mayne, Moyle, Williams, and Snell. Entertainment at Norwood.— A suc :essful entertainment to celebrate the closing )f the first year's session of the Chapel-street STonng Men's Mutual Improvement Society ivas held on December 26, in the schoolroom, Norwood. Mr. G. Foster occupied the chair, md gave a short address, after which a engthy programme, consisting of recitations, readings, instrumental music, &c;, was well :arried out by the members, assisted by a few :riends. The President, Mr. G. G. Shaw, ilso gave an address on the benefit of Literary Societies. During the evening the Chairman landed prizes to the following successful nembers:— For impromptu speeches— First, L Annitage ; second, G. Bowen. Reading First, H. Newell ; second, S. P. Weir. Reciting — First, F. Dyer; second, F. Roberts ; bhird, A. Peattie. The Secretary's report showed that the Society numbers forty-one Members, and that a good average attendance tiad been maintained during the session ; also that financially the Society was strong. Bazaar at Gleselo. — On Thursday evening a bazaar in aid of St. Peter's Anglican Church was held in the Glenelg Institute, rhe Church, which has been opened several months, will cost, when completed, £4,600. Dwing to the efforts of the members jf the Church a liability of between 21,600 and £1,700 only remains, and it is hoped that a considerable portion will be liquidated by this bazaar. Mrs. T. King, the Mayoress, by whom it was formally opened in an exceedingly appropriate little 3peech, expressed her great pleasure in ittendirg the bazaar. She thought the srection of the new Church a sign of the rapid progress of the town, and hoped that the Church would soon be finished in its :omplete design. The goods were very taste fully arranged on four stalls and a Christmas tree. The stalls were supervised by Mes iames Cudmore, Winnall, SimB, Fergiisson, ind West, and the Misses Phillipson; the* Christmas-tree by Mrs. Fisher ; and the refreshment-stall by Mrs. Douglas. There tvas also an attractive pie, of which the Misses Young had charge. During the Evening several musical selections consider ably enlivened the proceedings. There was a Fair attendance, and to all appearance the ladies were successful in effecting sales. The bazaar will be continued to-day. St. John's Church.— Thursday being ob served as St. John's Day in the Anglican Church, special dedication, commemoration services were conducted in St. John's Church by the Bishop and some of the clergy. Ac companied by Dean Russell, the Revs, F. S. Poole, W. B. Andrews, H. M. Pollitt, F. T. Whitington, A. G. Rawstorne, Williams, and the members of St. Paul's choir, the Bishop proceeded from the manse to the Church, the whole occupying eeats provided ? in front of the pulpit: A small organ was used at the service. The Eev. Mr. Pollitt read the first prayers, Canon Andrews the first lesson, the Dean the second, and the Bishop preached a most interesting sermon from Revelations nil, and part of the 23rd verse—' One of his ipostleB whom he loved.' The preacher gave 3everal examples of the Evangelist's faithful ness and love of God, and implored the con gregation to try and follow such an unstained md persevering life as the noble apostle aiter whom their Church was named. The :hoir gave an 'anthem selected from Revela tions vii., 13th and following verses. The ArsTRALTAN Eleven. — The ill idvised reticence of the promoters of the Australian Eleven which is to visit England Jnring the ensuing season (says the Arans) has produced the very natural impression that the names have been kept back because it was feared that the announcement of them tvould be received with disapprobation. Now that the action taken by the Cricketers' Association has made publication necessary, the misgivings which were felt will be by no means removed. It will be seen from the names published elsewhere that the eleven is decidedly weak. To nine of the names no exception can be taken, but Alexander is cer tainly below the standard, while Cooper will only be of value as a bowler for occasional use. Ihere can be no doubt that the strongest possible eleven would have a hard fight to maintain the ground which previous teams bave gained. English cricketers have been Fairly put upon their mettle, and the very strongest combinations will be got together in order to defeat the Australians. It was desirable, therefore, that the best possible team should be got together, instead of which there will be several weak points in tho organization. Then the team is to consist of twelve players only, instead of thirteen. Thus the eleven, to begin with, will not represent the true strength of Aus tralian cricket, and with only one emergency man instead !of two the team is sure to be overworked, with the result that im portant matches that might be won will perhaps be lost. It is too late now to do more than protest against the manner in which this Australian Eleven has been selected, but we truBt that for the future cricketers will take the matter into their own hands, and see that any team which may vieit England is thoroughly representative of Australian cricket. What we would suggest it ithatSthe Cricket Associations of the various colonies BhouldJ undertake the seleo tJonJTandl manageinentjof ^the ^Australian teams.B In this way^wegshonld make sure that the best players are chosen, and that the affairs of Australian elevens were ad ministered so as to_ promote Australian cricket rather than the interest ..of Aus tralian cricketers. School Treat. — Last year, through t'i° liberality of the parents and friends oi tne children attending£the State School, NaiN worth, Mr. Peate, the head teacher, was enabled to give his pupils a very successful picnic on the qTounds of Mr. J. Ragless, Enfield. Through the same liberality the children had a picnic on Friday last in the same paddock, and it gave thorough enjoy ment to the whole of the youngsters, as well as the friends present. A start was made about 11 o'clock, the children marching in capital order, three abreast, to the paddock. A large tent had been erected, and a good supply of swings provided. Whilst prepara tions were made for tea, the children en gaged in croquet, cricket, rounders, swings. Tea was afterwards also supplied to the teachers and friends in the tent. After all were refreshed, sports of all kinds were com menced. Various contests, as flat and three legged races, high and long jumps, lacing in sacks, &c;, were entered into with great zest by both girls and boys. About 6 o'clock the children were assembled, and Mr. Peate addressed a few words before parting ; three cheers were lustily given for Mr. and Mrs. Ragless and the ladies and gentlemen who so kindly assisted in preparing for the day's enjoyment. Progress of Rechabitism.— A cDrre spondent writes:— 'The Albert District I.O.R. has just opened a cew tent at Nairne. An application with the requisite number of signatures having been forwarded to the district officers a dispensation was granted by the D.C.R., Brother R. Gill, who, however, was prevented through serious illness from attending. Brothers G. W. Cole, D.S., H. J. Pudney, D.T., and C. H. Matters, P.D.C.R., were appointed instituting officers. On Wednesday evening, December 26, they met the candidates for membership at the Oddfellows' Hall, and first held a public temperance meeting, which was attended by about seventy persons. Thoroughly practical addresses, explanatory of the benefits and working of the Rechabite Order, were delivered by the visitors and the Rev. W. R. Stephenson. The chair was occnnierl hv Mr. J. Clezy, J.P. After the meeting me Tent was opened and appropriately named the ' Star of Nairne.' . The following officers were duly appointed and installed :— P.C.R., Brother Rev. W. fi, Stephenson; C.R., Brother Clezy, J.P. ; D.R., Brother Beau mont ; Secretary, Brother Wilson ; Treasurer, Brother Meyer; Guardian, Brother Philp; Levite, Brother Theobald ; Money Steward, Brother G. Strange. The meeting closed with thanks to the newly appointed P.C.R., who had greatly interested himself in the formation of the Tent.' Deatii from Senile Decay.— An inquest was held at the Court-house, Salisbury, on Thursday morning, on the body of Mrs. Mary Keane, who was reported to have died sud denly at Salisbury. Mr. J. Harvey, J.P,, acted as Coroner, and Mr. E. J. Paternoster was foreman of the Jury. Four witnesses were examined, from whose evidence it appeared that the deceased was a widow, supposed to be eighty years of age, and had been living alone for some years ; she had not been in want as she had £10 2a. 6d. in the house, but she had latterly been very feeble, and yesterday was found by some neighbours in a dying condition. Dr. Thompson stated it as his belief that she died from old age and senile decay, and the Jury found accordingly, Accident ox the Hindmarsii Tramway, —A correspondent sends us the following :— On Monday afternoon a rather serious accident happened on the Mile-End-road. A car left Adelaide for Henley Beach loaded to its full capacity with passengers, and in going down the Mile-End-road the brake gear gave away, and the driver lost all con trol over the car. At the time the signalman at the Mile-End crossing had shut the gates across the road in order to allow a train to pass. The consequence was that the car and horses camd into collision with the gates, forcing one open and break ing the harness of the horses, who fortunately were only slightly injured and managed to get clear of the car, which went with creat force against the next gate, damaging it considerably. Great praise was due to the signalman for Dromptly putting his signals at danger and stopping the train, which was then due and was close by. ? Accident.— On Wednesday, December 26, an accident happened to Baker's bus, at Gawler, which resulted in a narrow escape to a good many persons. Mr. Baker was driv ing his bus from the Gawler Station into the town after meeting the evening train, and he had a full complement of passengers both inside and en the top. When opposite Messrs. Wilkinson and Co. '8 sbop the axle broke clean off, and over went the bus with its living freight The passengers inside were thrown through the window on to the ground, and had the horses moved the result would have been serious. Those on top were thrown violently to the ground, but all escaped. Of course several were badly bruised and cut, but do one was disabled, Christmas Day at the Destitute Asylum, — On Christmas Day the-3overn- ment provided the usual dinner of roast beef and plum pudding for the inmates of the Destitute Asylum. Messrs. Haussen & Co. kindly sent two casks of beer, which not being supplemented by a supply from the other brewers was unfortunately not sufficient to go round. On the 26th instant Mr. Angus Johnson, of St. Catherine's, Prospect, pro vided a really sumptuous spread to the female inmates, Messrs. Cameron & Co. kindly sent a quantity of tobacco. Elephants on the Warpath.— Jumbo (says an English paper) has been'distingnish ing himself at Ottumwaylowa, by protecting his keeper against the threatened attack of a vicious* companion. While the elephants were enjoying a morning promenade, one of the largest, named Prince Albert, suddenly started on what an American paper calls ' the warpath.' Although chained to two others of smaller size, he dragged them along quite easily, and catching a keeper with one of his tusks tossed him into the air. Another keeper who came up was similarly sent whirling through the canvas of a side show. Fortunately neither was ^seriously hurt, and soon after, with the aid of two elephants, the keepers were able to secure the maddened beast, who was condemned to lose his tusks, trainers asserting that this has a very civi lizing effect on elephants. Mr. Fish , the Sec retary, in Bending the particulars to Mr. Barnom,Eaid:— 'When theelephants, headed by Prince Albert, made a rush into the side show, Jumbo saw them coming, and he at once $ot hold of his English keeper, Ssott, and pulled him between his legs for protec tion. Many who witnessed this act say it was really touching to see how affectionately Jumbo laid hold of Scott by twisting his trunk around him and saving him from the fury of Albert by putting him between his front legs, as much as to say, 'loach Scott who dare— attack me first.'' Scott is known to be one of the kindest of keepers, and whatever may be the faults of Jumbo, in his quiet moments he is evidently not desti tute of gratitude. 