The " Ashes" of English Cricket. History repeats itself, and Cssar s singularly tetoe despatch has been verified in the plural number, for the Hon. lvo Bligh'a team can now truthfully— -and with out being boastful— assert, 41 We have come 1 out any intended disparagement of 41 our boys," there are many of their well- wishers, including the SPORTSMAN, who consider that the time-honoured jury's verdict of "serve 'em light" is particularly applicable iu tbe case of the Australian Eleven's defeat. Without a shadow of doubt mauy of its individual members have been too self, exultant and vain-glorious, whilst holding tbeir " terribly in earnest" antagonists too cheap. It was tbe thorough and repeated drubbings given our colonial leather-hunters bj the earlier cricketing visitors from Eng land which taught them — according to the ethics of the Swedish hero, Gustarus Adolphus— to become conquerors themselves ; but " clothed in their own conceit" our Eleren haTe seemed to consider that they had only to blow tbeir own trumpets and their antipodean rivals would fall to tbe ground as did the walls of Jericho, saitb Holy Writ, at the sound of unmclodious rams' horns. That the lesson may sink deep will sincerely be wished by all lovers of tbe national pastime in Australia, whether native or adopted ; but nothing can detract from the inanly merit of the team who came 16,000 miles to recover the "ashes" of English cricket — and these they can now take home well earned in the double-sounding meaning of the word, if such a pausible pun may be excused under the circumstances. Falmam qui meruit ferat. Australian Cup and Newmarket Aocep- tanoee have been duty declared, and very few hones have as yet retired, there being only seven non-contents in the long handicap and 19 in the short one. Only four of any note are named amongst the former, viz., The Drummer, Lord Burghley, Santa Claus, and Essex ; while Sardonyx, Verdure, Mor peth, Odd Trick, Baron von Mueller, Ghost, and Creswick are amongst the latter. The full list of absentees will be found under the usual head of "Soratchings." The Sydney Cup first forfeits have also been made, and 18 nominations are with- : drawn. These include no particular turf celebrities, although amongst them may well be Bpeoified Guesswork, Comet, Elastic, Rainbow, and Hencbman. The Hawkesbury programme, to be run off on the 15th and 17th Marob, has been forwarded to the Sportsman, with his cus tomary punctuality and attention, by Mr. Guest, the club's energetic secretary. There is no important change to note, for it would really he hard to improve on the excellence of the items always composing the card. The prinoipal event, the rioh Autumn Handicap, has long ago filled well, and the weights been made public ; but all interested are now reminded that general entries must be made before 4 p.m. on Tuesday, 20th instant, &Dd; will be received at the secretariats of the V.R.O., Melbourne, A.J.O., Sydney, or H.R.C., Richmond. The Adelaide Raoing Club have pnt forth a lengthy and liberal programme for their May meeting, to be run on 19th, 24th, and 26th of that month. In a future issue I shall go oarefully through the component parts thereof, but cannot resist drawing par ticular attention to-day to three of the richer items, particulars of which are an nounced in our advertising columns, i.e. The Queen's Birthday Gap, of 600 eovs,, with sweep of 10 sovs..and lOOsovs. Gold Gup added, If mile, and City Handicap of 250 sovs., with eweep of & eovs., 1 mile. The Falham Park 8takes (for two-year-olds) of 250 sovs., and sweep of 10 sovs., 3J furlongs, for the Spring Meeting, 1883, is also published. Nominations for each of these three axe due on 14th March. The Ararat annual meeting takes place to-morrow and Friday, and acceptanoes for the different handicaps will be found in the special oolumos devoted to suoh neoesaary information. They are rather disappointing in number, but it is to be hoped that the level quality of those left in will cause snob close contests as to make up for small fields. There is to be a polo match to-day, and I believe some pigeon shooting on Saturday ; so that the Araratians mean to have a oarnivel time of it. CoLAC Races have been wisely "postponed from tbe 22nd until Saturday the 24th inst., in consequence of the former data having been fixed for the general elections ; no alter ations occur, however, in the appearance of the weights to-morrow, nor in the acceptances and general entry on Saturday, 17th inst. In accordance with a published regulation that any entries iu course of post on Friday would be eligible, tbe following horses have been added to the list of nominations : — Hurdle Face, Nigger, Matador, Devlin ; Colae Handicap, Lord of Clyde, Musidora, Petrel ; District Handicap, Petrel ; and Hal/- Mile Flutter, Signet, Forlorn, Musidora. Myriads of grasshoppers, says our Rav- wood correspondent, swarmed all over the course at the races last Wednesday, and from his terse description of the way the active insects rattled against the persons of those present the afternoon must have been the reverse of agreeable. Thengs eeemB to have made a holy show of his fields in the two prinoipal events, and must be 41 earning his oats.' A programme for the Inverleigh sports, to be held on Easter Monday, has been approved of by the committee, and comprises — Maiden Plate of 10 sovs. j Hurdle Race, 10 sovs. ; Handicap, 20 sovs. ; Selling Race, 15 sore. ; Amateur Handioap, 10 sovs. ; Trotting Race, 10 sovs.; and Selling Hack Race, 8 sovs. Several prises for foot-racing to supplement the fan will be given. Bitrm Races have been postponed from let of March to the 2nd, in oonseqnanoe of the elections interfering with previous arrangements. There is no change, how ever, to the date of entry. The St Amend Club have fixed upon Tuesday, 20th March, for their raoes, and the secretary sends me word that a list of eveute shall be published next week. The course is being put into good order, and he holds out hopes of a prosperous and pleasant tryst Az a meeting of the Leigh Road Raoing Olub, held at Leigh Road on the 31st January, tbe following programme for a day's eport at an early date was decided upon :Maiden Plate, 10 nam.; Handioap, 20 eove. ; TYot, 6 eovs. ; Members' Plate, 20 sovs. ; Handicap Hurdle Race, 12 sovs. ; Handioap Flying Stakes, 7 eovs. ; Slack Race, 6 eovs. ; Pony Race, 6 eovs., and a hunting whip and pair of spurn. Wxmmxra Turf Club (Horsham) entries require to be made the day after to-morrow, ana as there are several meetings taking plaoe in the distriot at quick following datee, owners of " second -rates" should be able to easily earn the winter's keep of their gallopers. Eghuoa raoee are bring ran to-day and to-morrow, bnt aooeptanoee few the handi caps have not raaohed us. Sueaton races are also to come off to day, and no doubt there will be a large exodus of horsey folks from Ballarst to the famous gold-bearing plateau. Wavoabara general entries and aooep- tanoes require attending to to-day, and toe meeting commeaoes to-morrow. Co rows entries likewise want looking after, whilst Kerang handicaps close to-morrow. Weights for the Lannoeston Gap and Steeplechase oame out last Saturday, and acceptanoes mnst be declared to-morrow, aB also for the Two-year-old Stakes. General entries few Hobart have to reach the T.R.O. secretary, to-day, and general entries for Laonceston the T.T.O. secretary to-morrow. It is sinoerely to be hoped that each olub will find itself well supported, and no oon- fusion arise over the plaoes and dates. Shbpparton weights, for the meeting on tbe 22nd inst., are not yet to band, but owners of horses are warned that aooeptanoee for tbe hendioapa must be declared next Mondav, 19th inst., which is also tbe day for general entries. 8tase8 won at the Doncaster Races will be paid over at noon to-morrow (Thursday) at Bowes' TattonaU's Hotel. Mbtallicians intending to ply their pencils at the Hawkeebury Autumn Meeting, are informed that the H.R.G. Committee hare decided to charge an annual fee of £10, and applications (enclosing cash or cheques) must be submitted by the 26th inst. Any parties who may hare been rejected bv the V.R.C or A.J.C. need not trouble themselves to communicate. Mb. T. P. Jennbb, long favourably known in Melbourne as 44 a bit. of a sport," and erstwhile seoretary to the V.A.T.C., has just been appointed secretary to the Adelaide Tattersall'e — vice Mr. E. W. Aldridge, resigned — and I am enre the South Australian Club will find bim a gentlemanly man of business. The Geelong 1 Titer is responsible for announcing that at the reoent local races a wealthy landowner deolared he had a " dark horse" in training he would back for the next Melbourne Cup, and was tnntaDtly offered the staggering wager of £50,000 to £2500 by a Melbourne metallician. I must say nothing of the sort came to my ears, but believe the " Werribee squire" is tbe gentle man alluded to, and he is not apt to make a vain-glorious blow. Maud S., the woodrouu American trotting mare, is likely to astoDieh the lovers of the track again this year, according to the follow ing statement culled from the Fete Fork Spirit of the Times, by beating her world- famed record of 2min. lOsec. for a mile. Says that ably conducted journal : — 44 The chief event of last week was the carrying out of Mr. Yanderbilt's iotcntion to have Maud S. wintered, with tho object of trotting her next season. She was shipped from bis private stables on Thursday night last, in special car, by the Bee Line Express, and arrived eAfely at Chester Park, Cincinnati, on Saturday morning, in charge of Charles A. Phelps, foreman of Mr. Yanderbilt's stable, who delivered her to her old trainer, W. W. Bair. It is reported that when she was turned loose in her old quarters she neighed joyfully, and Bair was extremely glad to have bis favourite once more. She has grown and dereloped during her absence, now weighing 10001b. When she trotted in 2.10J she turned the scale at 920lb. Tbe Queen will be exercised moderately the coming winter, and next spring she will be worked over a good mile track, so as to put her in condition to beat her own record, and possibly have tbe honour of constituting one of a double team to lower the present record of Edward and Swiveller. Mr. Bair tbioka she will reduce her harness record to 2.08." Fred. Abchbb is 41 in the luck of it." Ha is said to be worth some £70,000 safely in vested in Government securities, and he earns an income scarcely equalled by any member in either of tbo learned professions, law sod physic. His latest performance, however, shows that there is another far-famed archer to whom the famous jockey has now had to succumb — vis., one " Cupid " — for Fred has just led to the hymeneal altar (as write the penny-a-liners) a daughter of Dawson, tbe well-known trainer. In hooour of the aus picious event (penny-a-liner again), according to a London contemporary, 14 a service of plate has just been presented to Fred. Archer at a dinner in tbe Westminster Palace Hotel. The testimonial had been subscribed for by a : number of gentlemen connected with the turf, including the Master of Arbuthnot, Lord Lurgan, Mr. Leopold Rothschild, Sir Matthew Wood, the Hon. R. Grosvenor, Viscount Cole, M.P., and Major Powell. An illumi nated address, engrossed on vellum, set forth that tho testimonial was 'presented to F. Archer as a wedding souvenir, being an especial tribute to the sterling honesty, untiring energy, and praiseworthy manner in which he has always distinguished himself during his professional career.' The testi monial consists of a service of plate for 25 persons, together with a tea and coffee service. Every article is of solid silver, save the knives, the handles of which are of pore ivory." 41 Tail scores" have been eo frequent of late on the orioket field that their record has beoome hardly worth notioe. An a change, therefore, for any nauseated readers allow me to quote the following short paragraph from a oountry journal : — 44 It ia not often that we hear oia full team of cricketers being put out for the very small total of 8 runs ; yet this was tbe experienoe of the Oolae dab's eleven in their first innings against the Bohemians. The soore comprised nine "duck-eggs," with Strachan 4, Green 3, and one run scored for a bye. It is needless to add that the Bohemians won the match." Jack, tbe cream-coloured hurdle-raoer purchased in N. 8. Wales by Mr. Circus Wilson, has already commenced to make a name for himself in India. It was mentioned last week that he had a walk-over for a valu able cup, and now oomes the news that hs has jnst beaten on his merits the crack Australian representative in our Eastern Empire, Palmers ton. Our bid friend John sooml to be veritably " skimming the cream." 