third edition. i| Herald Offiui, 0,30 p.m. ! BACIHC. victoria trotting club. Another mooting waa hold this nlhrnoon on tho Flatornwioh track nndor tho auapiooa of the v Victorian Trotting Club, Tho weather waa fine end there was n largo attendance. The epcoial train which loit tho Flindors otroot bl .tntion at twolvo minntoa past one o'clock on i well patroniaed. A good af tornoon'o oport waa : provided, and by mixing tho ohoraotar of tho < eveuto tho club well probably bo woll patro. nirod. Each ovent was started with praiao- : worth; promptitude. < 'J he following are tho details of tbo raoe .'I n!— maiden trot. l'lino of 25 sove, and sweopatakos of 1 sov j each for atartore, Swcopatakoa to tbo second heree. Two miles, .j J DICK GOLDSBROUGH X a WASP 2 Dcsa also etarted. i Tho latest batting was 7 to 4 on tbo winnor, who led from tbo Btoct, winning easily by /j about a dozen loogtbs, Leas waa about n i quarter of a mile bohlnd. Time— Crnin Sjco, handicap selling race- Of 50 bovs, Firo furlongs. WESTUUUY X NYMPH i2 ' HUNTER 3 Tbo following nlso stnrtod.:— Onutnlla, Mnr- lumboug, PrjvUloand Ouc;nr. ,t I ho latest belt pg was 0 to 4 'against Wast- bury, and 3 to 1 against Huntoiv - ' Wcstbtiry was tbo firat away, followod by Hmriunbong, Oantnlla and Hunter last. v but tho let wero soon in a bunob,j At tbo tuto CaOftar and OantnlU drew ; vAway. Xirato led into Iho. Btraight, 'Himter -.icanioat tho distnnoe." Wo.rtbury tbonSmado /..'Aw eilort, and won by two loogtbs, thou caiuo ty&NyDpb;, Huntor, Cunlala, 0;oiar. ,Murrum- !mg and Prnttlo in tho .order named, June— lmin. 5isoi, FINES HANDICAP, Of 50 cova. Ono inllo and a distance, CRKM0RNJS 1 ZBPHR 2 STATIONER 3 The following also Btarted : -Ghost, Essex, altbazar, Queen Maty and BlaoktDiamond, ho latent betting was 2 to 1 against Stationer, vfltol againBt Oromorno and Zopbyr and from |. :v2| to 5 to 1 against tbo others. I .<jg btntioner got away firat followod by .Black \ tk)i i load and Gboat. This order waa main- |. :i|amed to tbo turn, whon Oremorno camo woll I one by half a length from Zopbyr who second, F llitao-2 min. 2socs. I m rUR3E-2-45 Ot-ASB. ; Of uOsovs, Milo hcit3, i j J OKAINGER 1 4 3 2 2 m COIiTlt ACTOR 31211. f & VON MOJCiTKE .t 2 2 4 4 4 iM SYbPH 4 3 13 3 ;3plhe first beat Von Moltko, jnnior, was th firtt away, cloaelyttendad by Grainger,' tbo !|3imo Contractor and Sylph. .At tbo qmrtor iailo polo tbo poaitiouB wore tbo same, but a vHq half milo pole Granger wont to tbo front rod Contractor was second. Graitigei won b |fiur lengths, Contractor and Von Moltk Mnior, broke, a couple of times. 15»rrime— 2 min'46 sew.! The second heat was 'a most oxoit?cg ono fflmlrnctor got away first, followed by Von ;fl oltke and Graiogor. At the qn»ter<mile Ie Grainger went up second, at tbo balLrailo' le tho two wero together, and thoy canco T«y' from tbo other two, Iu tbo straight 'ty ntractor appeared to have tho bent pjj it, but Grainger came gamely trader nifbmcnt, and passed under tbo wire first, io beat was given to Coutraotori however p tbe ground that Grairger interfered with Graioger waa placed last, grimo— 2coin. 43>oo. ffl'hetbird boat was nwardod to .Sylpb as Von wqb passed uuder the wiro first, wa3 ;9i' d laet offing to his xopeatod breakings, m0-2miD. 4Gsor.r Sontractor won tbe fourth boat in good :3gJrafl 2 min.4Sii «cc.' .Wontractor scorod his third win In the fifth and thus won tbe prize, Tbe time was a"B 