BALLOON VOYAGE ACROSS THE NORTH SEA. Mr. Simmons, the aeronaut, has given the following interesting narrative of his recent balloon voyage across the North Sea from Maldon, in Kent, in company with Sir Claude de Cres pigny : " Before we made a Btart several pilot balloons wero launched in order to ascertain which direction we wero likely to take. The pilots indioated several ourrents at low altitude, but as at the moment of starting the wind gave me a good deal of trouble, I found it necessary to leave the ground with great ascending power, as every attempt I made to ntaliso currents would have been at the expense of gas and ballaBt. We had a desire to crosB the German Ocenn ; therefore every ounce*of ballast and every foot of gas had to. be cautiously used. We had not much time to enjoy the glorious panorama ere we found it necessary promptly to discuss the propriety of attempting to reach Holland or Bel gium. Fortunately tlio atmosphere over England was clear. The start was made at 11 o'clock a.m., and we soon crossed the Thames, near the Noro. Taking our bearings we wero going sharp for Rotterdam. The bottom of the son was clearly seen in every direction- We saw the man-of war at Harwich very distinctly. Six steamers beneath as appear to bo almost in collision. We are at an nltitude of 9000 foot. The lightship east of the Blackwater is about the size of a flea, but is very distinot. Although the bell is constantly ringing, wo can now and ngaiu hear shouts from docks. Wo throw out shoots of paper, and find them being loft n littlo to our north. This satisfies us that we nro miking still a triflo south of eastward, and our safety and the attainment of our object depend upon being able to continue it., 2 o'clock.—I have not yet touched an ounce of ballast or touched any vnlvo. Altitude at this moment 10,000 foot. Our feet are oold. Wo appoar to bo overhauling a mist to the south.east. 2.50 p.m.—We are enshrouded in it, and can see nought but ourselves and our balloon. A. few minutes later wo have a magnificent picture of tho balloon on tho clouds. We can see our vis a-vis doing everything exactly ob we do, even to tho fingers distinctly handling the ropes. Our ghosts are dummies. Wo make them speak by shouting ourselves, and even in this they exactly imitate us. Tho grap pling cablo which I have let out is distinctly reproduced in reflection or shadow running to tho phantom car. I call Sir Claude de Crospigny'a atten tion to this apparent negative. He cannot see it where ho is sitting, but immediately on coming to my side ho sees tho rope as distinctly as I do. My blue serge suit looks now quite green, and continues so for many minutes. The atraoBphere is a very deep bine above us. The gas up through the centre of the balloon is perfectly clear, and the great dome w-ilh its gores and diamonds has a very solid and assuring appoarance. Everything is in perfect tranquillity. We can hear the boating of our hearts very distinctly. Our ears are occasionally blocked, but we remedy this little evil by widely opening oar mouths. At 4.30 we both think there is a slight sound as of surf. We are very slowly descending and at 4.40 emerge on tho under side of the clouds and can see something looking like a coast line to the south-east. We are still on tho same course wo started with. At d 50 we have approached near enough to find that our imaginary coast line is a long sweep of Bhoal, but it encourages us to think that we have passed mid-ocean. Another long line of shoal now appears behind to the eastward. As if by magic, we are in full view of sis steamers, as we suppose. These are all coming from the east. On nearer approaoh we see they are sailing vessels. They appear to expect we shall reqnire their services, for tbey are tacking and dodging us. 5.10.— Two steamers are distinctly visible, both going wostward. 5.50. — Sir Olaude cries, 'Look there, is that another shoal ?' We discuss this matter with much interest. Sir Olaude cannot believe it is anything' but mainland. I soon begin to tbink the same, bat it continues far a long time very indistinct, and as I look very fixedly at it for some minutes it appears to alter its shape, and I conclude itoan be nothing but a streaky cloud. In. stead of increasing in distinctness, this long sweep now grows more dim, and at the same time we have other indica tions which make as think we have changed our coarse, and that there is a point of north in it. Now for some manoeuvring to try and find oat whether a sudden increase of altitude has changed oar coarso. Sir Claude says two or three times that he does not despair of the streak turning oat to be land. His distant vision was more distinct than usual." At 10 minutes past 6 Mr. Simmons waa perfectly satisfied that he was within a short distance of the coast. "The sun had been for some minutes deeply shrouded, bat be peeped between the elands, and under the influences of his rays the balloon iustantly Bhot upwards with fearful rapidity. Sir Claude said, 'Do you not smell pas escaping ?' but I did not, and bad it not been for this safeguard of bis, the consequences might have been serious. In a few seconds we were over a vast area of what looked like mountains of snow solid enough to walk on. The grandeur ot this scene it would be utter folly for me to attempt to describe. Nob the Bligbtest movement could be detected in any part of this vast cloudland ; every mountain peak seemed to stand there fixed for ever. The temptation was too great to go down and leave this grandeur until the greater temptation, the positive sound of the surf immediately beneath us. I now opened the valve, and we rushed downwards with great rapidity. A few seconds were sufficient to bring us doivn from our highest position Cseventeen thousand feet) low enough to spread before our delighted vision the beach of Walcberen Island, on the north side of the Scheldt River, and the mainland of Holland, shutting as ia on tbe south. We lmd already passed the mouth of the Scheldt. I considered we were safe enough, and I sketched Wolcheren, with the town of Flushing beneath ns. The people were now hailing us lustily from all points. Tbe balloon was brought down splen didly at Flushing, the grappling iron taking a firm grip in a ditch surround ing a wheatfield. This ditch acted os well as a fonce round the balloon to keep off the great crush. When we bad emptied and packed tbe balloon, the streets were thronged with people all the way to tbe Hotel Wellington, whero we were entertained for a short time. After getting some refreshments we proceeded to the landing-stage and there procured berths on board the mail.steamer Priucass Mary, for Queen borough, I bad almost forgotten to mention tbat the cold was intense over tbe mouth of tbe West Scheldt, at tbe altitude of 17,000 feet. I had 4001b. of ballast left when wo came down, and our journey could have boon prolonged but for our having promised Lady de OreBpigny that we would do our best to descend on reaching the coast. We landed at 7 o'clook." 