MADAME GERARD. A Stobx in Two Chapters. Chapter L Maison-Ronchard was a long, narrow, white Viftnao oifnaf.flrl on the bank of one of the creat rivers of France, and only separated from it by the high levee or causeway, on which a straight line of road bordered by tall poplars extended as far as the eye could reach on either side. The house was turned endways towards the road. r Its double range of windows and its two doors— (Hie low mean-looking, and evidently thrust in as an after-thought at the corner of the rez dechauesec; the other rather imposing in appearance, and gained by, a flight of stone steps — opened on a court yard, of which the most noticeable features were a range of poplars, . a dilapidated and weather- stained aloove,%rand whioh a half- withered clematis made a poor feint of twining, and an old wall, protected by a moss-gcbwn parapet and furnished with a 1— g——l iMMy— — — windlass and chain. Olfly the c&d; Windows" of the first and aeoonrfloM othe court-yard wail cm wMte zoad, the dark poplar trees, and ttte broad river beyond— and of this view we had the full benefit— the extreme end of the house, with its narrow door opening from the basement story having been partitioned off by G∧ for the accommodation and greater seclusion of her lodgers. With a similar intent, she had erected a steep and ladder-like staircase from the passage, called by courtesy a hall, to the topmost story of the portion thus alienated; so that her tenapts enjoyed, ds she explained, all the convenience of a private house, together with the privileges and immunities of furnished lodgings. This it was which determined my choice, and led me— a childless widow in charge q$ two little orphan nieces — to establish myself at Maison-Bonchard in preference to engaging a suite of apartments in one of the large hotels of the neighbouring town. It was my first winter abroad, and I had sot become reconciled to the idea of parlour, drawing- room, bedrooms, kitchen, and scullery all on one fist. I had been directed to this out-of-the-way habitation — chateau he rather pretentiously styled it — by M. Boston, a notary and house agent, who informed me, with a profusion of hows and shrugs, that the place would suit me 'to a wonder,' adding that the owner, being herself the daughter of an English woman (the late lamented Madame Bonchard), would quite understand what was" requisite to make me and my family comfortable. M. Boston evidently considered the use of this word a graceful concession to English prejudice, Notwithstanding his assurance, however, I found the accommoda tion scanty. The place looked bare and cheerless in comparison with our neat English , home, the little salon on the first boor, with the adjoining bedroom, being the only apart ments fitted up with any degree of comfort. The upper rooms, although well-sized and healthy, were poorly furnished, and the narrow staircase did not boast a shred of carpet, madame shaking her head energetic ally when asked to provide it. A door on the upper landing communicated with her part of the house ; but this, she said, with a toueh of sadness in her tone, had not been opened for very many years— not, in fact, since her mother's death. These drawbacks were, however, counter balanced by advantages not to be secured .in more convenient and fashionable localities. Besides the benefit of counfxy air for my little charges, one of whom had been an invalid from her birth, we had the nse of a large, well-kept garden opening from the courtyard. Madame Gerand was a market-gardener on a small scale, and her light cart was sent every Wednesday and Saturday into Hautbourg, where the bush fruits and white strawberries, planted by her. English mother, and, later in the season, her peaches ; and apricots, choice apples and large pears, 1 found, as she told me, a ready sale in the - fruit market on the Place Saint Bonis. At the end of the court was the wooden : gate leading to the vineyard, which covered the whole side of the steep hill rising behind the house, for madame was also an extensive proprUtairi,, having inherited from her father, with the dwelling-house and garden, a large tract of the vine land extend ing along the northern hank of the river. At the foot of the hill, and close under fee shelter of the court-yard wall, stood the cottage of Gnilbert, the vignerou, who was also steward, gardener, and general out-door servant, while his wife seemed to act as a kind of charwoman, doing much of Madame Gdrand's household work, her only domestic being a Bretonne named Franoise, of whom I need only say' here that she was old and cross, and, withal, & model of honesty and propriety. As to Madame Ggrand herself, she was a email, thin, sharp-faced woman, wearing he own grey hair braided under a plain Cap, and scarcely looking her age, which, she said, was sixty-one. Unlike most Frenchwomen, she was undemonstrative and reticent on the subject of her family and personal affairs. 8he spoke English fluently, but used many French idioms. Her voice was thin and high, and her manner ungracious, and even repellent, although not absolutely rude. Set dress was that of a widow, black, with ' the plain net cap and gauze veil worn at that time in France by widows of the bourgeois class. jhs r write of a long past time, I may say without indiscretion that the inhabitants of the old town of Hautbourg were, almost without exception, staunch Garlists, render ing allegiance in secret to the exiled repre sentative of the Bourbons, and submitting enly under protest to the rule of the Citizen Jving. The customs of the regime still prevailed there to a great extent, and only a woman of the higher ranks could venture to appear in a bonnet. Madame need to walk into town on Sundays and market days attired in her cachemire dress, rockspnn shawl, and widow's cap and veil, sheltering herself from sunshine and showers under a huge cotton umbrella. Truth compels me to add that she figured at home on washing days and other occasions of domestic dis order in a flaming tartan, which, she told me, had belonged to the late Madame Bonchard, «nd which she, as she signified, was now wear ing out through motives of economy. indeed, we soon became rather good friends ; and although she had at first shown great distrust of the little girls, and had even hesitated to receive them, saying bluntly that it did not suit her to have children about the place, she softened considerably on finding that they did pot interfere with her -arrange- ijnents, and often came herself to our door with a few flowers or a hunch of grapes for little ailing Brae. I had been visited by most of the English residents. Hautbourg counted at that some two hundred Colonists from the British Isles, who, here as elsewhere, farmed a coterie apart, and only, mixed on occasions of ceremony, and under certain restrictions, with ' the society of the place ; and I— sadly against the grain of my insular prejudices— had yielded to the persuasions of my new ac quaintances so far as to -write my name in the visitors'book at the Prefecture, receiving in return a card for Madame le Pr&et;'a Thurs- d evenSng recdption. Of this however I had no intention of' availing myself, Jit least, for the present, although an appearance at the Prefecture was, ! was assured, as indis pensable as a passport to general society. 'Meanwhile, my visitors, one and all, ex pressed unqualified surprise at my having settled in such a remote place, in preference to engaging a furnished house in the upper or fashionable quarter of the town, near the gardens of the Evechd, open to the public as a promefiade. I was half-inclined to regret not having been directed, in the first instance, to that locality ; but we were tolerably, com fortable at Maison-Ronchard, and the place seemed to agree with the children, who, spending their days in the garden, or amongst the vines on the hillside, improved daily in health and strength, -in spite of the fore bodings of the British matrons, who croaked incessantly about the low situation, and the probable bad effects 'of the damp air from the river. The weather, for the first few wefeks of our stay, was magnificent. We had arrived late in October ; just in time for St. Martin's summer' : and except for the early closing in j of the night, I could have fancied that we were yet in August. But just before Christmas the atmosphere became clouded ; the mornings, hitherto so bright, grew dark and chill, and a suee££eion of heavy fogs set in, most unusual, I was told, in that clear, bracing climate. We spent a dull, cheerless Christmas ; the children being confined to the house with bad colds ; Mitchell, the nurse, who had been discontented from the first, getting up a fit of the vapours, and crying in cessantly for three days ; and I, aB was only natural, feeling lonely and dispirited. The first Christmas in a strange place is generally a dreary one, and in this instance I felt it especially, the year just-past having brought many sad vicissitudes to me and mine. But, in the course of the next few days, a hard frost set in, letters arrived from home, colds and vapours vanished simultaneously, and the New Year came in bright and clear, bring ing gifts of various sorts to revive the droop ing spirits of the little ones. Eves Mitchell's ill-humour disappeared, and her intense disgust at foreign ways' was somewhat modified by a visit to the gaily- decorated shops, and an invitation for Bertha and Bose to. a children's party at the house of Madame Desnonets, the wife of the leading physician, who had made himself so popular with the English residents that he was received in their set as' one of tbemeelves—a distinction to which he owed the jealous distrust of his feiScw-bltizens, and the appellation, despite the -red ribbon of the Legion 'Cl Honour at his batton-hole, of ' le ffdetenr Anglais.' Mitchell having been specially invited to spend the evening with Madame Desnonets's English maid, and to assist her in dispensing cakes and lemonade to the little guests, I went at 10 o'clock to the children's room to see that the fire was good, and all in readiness for their return. As I reached the top of the stairs I was startled by a low, moaning sigh, which Eeemed to come from Within the door communicating With Madame Gerand's side of the house. I recollected that I was quite alone, for madame, I knew, was spending the evening in town, and I had just left old Franeoise at the hall door in noisy converse - ti 3n with Louison, our servant and for a moment I felt frightened; but presently, saying to myself that what I heard was but the cry of a bight- bird, I passed into the room. It Was a clear, frosty night, and finding the shatters open, I lingered for a moment to watch the grey mists floating over the river, and the shadows of the tall poplars cast across the ieve by the rising moon. Just as I turned from the window, I heard a repetition of the wailing sigh, so loud and distinct that it seemed to come from the landing. Much alarmed I hastened from the rOoca. There was no one outside ; but touching in passing the door in the partition wall I seemed to disturb some living creature within, for I heard a sound as of something lifting itself heavily from the floor, followed by the dragging of a weight along the adjoining passage, and a slow, halting step, which, so far as I could judge, traversed the entire length of the house, and came" to a sudden stop at the extreme end of the landing. For the moment X was stupefied with terror ; bnt the children's voices On the stairs recalled me to myself, ahd I hastened down to meet them. Mitchell, 1 saw at once, was out of sorts. I said nothing, however, until the lifctfe girls had gone to bed, when I told her what had occurred, and leatned with some surprise that for the last two or three weeks she had -teen listening to sounds such as I described. You must know, ma'am,' ate said, 1 that, when Miss Bose was ill, just before Christmas' I was in and out a dual at night between the children's room and my own, for I was afraid of a return of that nasty croup she had so bad last winter, and from the first I noticed the strangest sounds next door, and someone moving about and dragging things up and down the passage in the dead of night. One night, little missy was very restless, and she asked me was it old Fran<;oise who was waxing the tiles — a bar barian fashion, I'm sure it is, making the floors so slippery that no Christian can walk on 'em. I didn't like to annoy you, matn' an no' keing able to come to any understanding with the women here, through their quick way of gabbling, that I'm not used to, though I've contrived, one way and another, to pick up enough of the language to make my own meaning pretty plaia'— on this point I may remark that Mitchell laboured under a delusion—' I said nothing about it. But T asked madame, as if by chance, was it .she occupied the upper rooms, and she answered me quite short that they were never used, except as store-rooms for waiter fruit and such-like. So it stood to reason that no one didn't ought to be walking about 'em at night-? not to gay snorting and moaning, as I noticed through the door.' Mitchell went on to say that this very night she had been told by Madame Desnonets's maid that .Maison-Bonchard had ' a bad name' — was supposed, in fact, 1 to be haunted— and that no ledgers ever I remained in it longer than a few months. I No servant belonging to Hautbourg, she said! ! would live In the place for any consideration, j I now recollected that I had had great diffi- j oultyin finding a servant, afcdtiiat wag a stranger, who had come from a distmit village in search of a situation. I thought, too, of the croaking of my English friends, and began to perceive that there was a special cause, either real or imaginary, for their dislike to the residence ! had selected. Does Madama Gerand know of this - 1 ' She knows it well,' rejoined the nurse ; but shell never seem to mind it — not she ! When anyone has the courage to mention it to her she draws herself up quite etiff and says she doesn't believe it, and if she did she wouldn't mind it, and the ghost might walk from tbia till Doomsday for all she'd care. .And 'tis my opinion,' concluded Mitchell, 1 that she must be a very hardened woman to say anything of. the sort.' I will admit, at the risk of being scoffed at by strong-minded readers, that I retired to rest that night in no enviable frame of mind. The morning light, however, dispelled my fears; and in my renewed courage I was able to laugh at the story and to resolve to treat it as a mischievous and silly invention. But I soon found that there was sufficient reality in the matter to make us exceedingly un comfortable. - The tloises in Madame Gerand's portion of thn bouse continued at irregular intervals during the next three or four months. All would be quiet, perhaps, for many days, and suddenly the disturbance would set in again, sometimes going on at night, sometimes in the daytime, but seldom, as We remarked, for a day and night together. Besides the moaning sound which I. had heatd in the first instance, we occasionally distinguished a muttering attempt at speech, like thai made by a dumb person when endeavouring to make himself understood. Once, and onoe only, I mentioned the matter to Madame Gerand ; but she answered me so abruptly, saying that the place was supposed to be haunted, but for her part it gave her no concern, that I felt quite abashed", uud never after ventured to allude to it. I informed her, however, that I should give up the house at the coming St. Jean. It happened, towards the end of April, when the fruit-trees Ware covered With masses of rich blossom, and the garden and vineyard had put on so much of their summer beauty as tempted me to regret having made arrange ments for moving nearer to the town, that, having lingered later than usual in the gar den, I returned to the house just as the moon Was rising over the vine -covered hill. M$et? ing the vigneron's wife in the court-yard, I stopped to a?k about her baby, which had been ailing all day. Yictoire, or La Gailterfc, as she was usually called, was a tail, dark, good-humoured peasant-woman, civil, tolerably respectful, and exceedingly cdisy. Her little girls — miniature copies of lieteslf, ih their high caps, sabots, and striped petticoats — were generally trotting at her heels or clinging to her skirts, and regaling themselves at inter vals with black bread and garlic, of which they seemed to fcarry a never -failing supply in the capacious pockets of their coarse aprons. The infant Guilbert — -a wretched little mummy, swathed in calico, and thrdWn anywhere while his mother pursued ' her a vocations- was, &!i$ assdred hie, conva lescent, and she went on to give me the details of his illness, little Delphine, mean while, standing by. shy and silent, with her finger in her mouth. But suddenly the child's sullen expression gave way to a look of intense terror, and pointing upwards, she exclaimed in shrill and piercing tones : Mother, mother 1 See ! The ghost !' ' Be quiet, silly child 1' cried her mother iqreat anger, Catching hef arm and shaking her roiighly as she spoke ; but I followed the child's glanfce, and saW, fot one Short instant, at the second- floor window farthest from our side of the house, a gtrsfigs figure wrapped in white or light garments. It vanished as I gazed, and in the waning light I could not have said with any certainty that it bore the semblance of a human being ; bnt it left on my mind an undefined impression, of horror, and I turned sick with a vague unreasoning fear. Then a hand and arm, which I knew to be Madame Gerand's, by the brown- holland cuff reaching half-way up the sleeve, appeared fit the window, and the blind Was hastily drawn down " I turned to speak to ictoire but she was dragging the weeping Delphine through the gate leading to the vineyard, ahd 1 saw her no more that night. . . Madame was standing oh the steps as I passed towards my own door, and wishing me good-evening in her calm, high tone, \- remarked that the night was fine, although a touch of bold, sbe added, still Iihgered in the air. For my life I could not have aBked her & question. Entering the I&tfndry; next day, I found Lonison in close conversation with La Guilbert. She looked pale and scared. Madame must excuse me,' she said, laying down her iron, ' but I cannot remain in this house. £ would work for madame with all my heart, bat not , here. No, madame ; it is too mach for me.' The girl spoke earnestly, and I raw that she was ready to cry. 1 tell her, moi, that it. will not hurt her,' said Yictoire in an encouraging tone. ' Look at me," par exempt e. Not that I would remain, you see, but for my husband. Guilbert laughs at it all, and he would not give np his good -place — no, not for fifty ghosts. His father worked on the land in the time of P<ke Bonch ard, the father of madame ; and for years after hie death he remained in the employment of the English widow, and there was nothing against the place then/ 4 But Franpoise told me this morning,' said the girl, when 1 spoke of what the child had seen in the window of the npper corridor, that a negro was buried, hundreds of years ago, in the alcove yonder, because, not being a Christian, Messieurs les Curbs would not permit his body to be laid in consecrated ground, and that it is his spirit' — here she crossed herself — that walks at night from room to room-' > 'Bah-!' rejoined Yictoire with a con temptuous toss ; Franpoise was only laugh ing at you. How can a girl of your discretion lend an ear to such fables ? Don't I tell you ths t the dgeturbanee has only gone on of late years— is fact, since madame returned, from Brittany, a . widow, to her taofchers house! There is t icniething, no doubt, but I tell you a thousa timsB that it (joes no barm. Smt. for 1101 Wfero-r— "iihn which J5 iJsed toemnhMise her words suspended m sstssjsjsjsa- M! apparently on her which was rommm to both booeeft stood/ott within the ""iiTmaaame exoialmed dmrplj. addressing Yictoire; is it thus yon a to your work? Good-monnng, Mrs. Max- mfLii T one of your Utile nieces, as I passed the weU, playing with the windlass, and I fear she will be liketf to take cold, heShespokeqto h ra usual measured tone and cold precise manner ; and it was to judge if she had heard any part of the conversation ; but I felt, ipftriv had received a reproof. She had dearly implied that my time would have been tetter employed in looking after the children than in Ustening to the gossip of her servant. (TO BB COKCIiUDBD IS OCR KEXTij 