Shipping. London. October 31. Tlio B.I.S.N, Company's R.M.S., Almora, from London for Brisbane, arrived at Aden to-day. - Tlio B.I.S.N, . Company's Is. M.S. Roran, from BrfBbano sailed to-day for London,'. Dofoat of El MahdL;' . Cairo, October 31. Nowa has beon received from tho Egyptian force in .the. Soudan undor Hicks Piislm, staring that operations; had been resumed against El Mahdl, the fatso .prophet, A pitched battle was fought, in which El Mahdi's forces were utterly, routed. Hicks. Pasha immediately marched against the town I'll Oboid, in tho false prophet's country, and has siocc occupied it iu force. Tho Franco-Chincso Quostlon. . Paws, November 1 Tho debate on the Chinese question was resumed in the Chamber of Deputies last night, whon tho Premier, 31. Jules Ferry, made a speech, in which he stated, that neither, France nor China; was likely- to declare war. A lengthy discussion ensued, which ultimately resulted in the passing of a voto of confidence in tho Government. QUEENSLAND NEWS. Rockliampton. v \ ; . : ' - ' October' 81, Mr. William Hopkins has been unanimously appointed mayor of North Ilockhamptonnd Mr, William: Part, acting town clerk, Ap- plications .wiU bo invited for the latter office;- Tho Customs' collections for the port of Rockhnmpton for tho past month amount to £10,042, being an incrcnso of £1124 on the corresponding period of last year. The quantity of gold exported from Rock- hampton from tho year I860, to the 30th September, 1883, is 174,i)50oz., -vaiucd nt £671,300. v . A petition against the proposed tramway has been signed by nearly 400 persons, nnd forwarded to tbo Colonial Trcasuror. St. George. November 1. Fifteen thousand wethers from Mr. 0. B. Fisher's Gnoolouia station, Moonio River, for his Warrnambool Downs station, Thompson River, Mr. Crcig in charge, passed hero to day. Clani'fcrs Towers. November 1. Matthew Ilobbs, a miner has been arrested onachnrgo of stealing specimens from the Day Dawn Block Company, and remnnded for a week, ball being refused. Coolitown. October 31. Messrs, Powers, Thomas, nnd Madden, re port having sold 12 tons of tent fish from their Now Guinea station nt £121 10s. per ton, Tho Chincso leper is to bo sent to the North Shore. . , r . November 1, Six moro Malays arrived bcro last night from tho Bloomfield plantation. Only two now remain out of tho Griginni : forty-seven. An inquiry will be hold on Saturday with re ference to tho desertion of the Malays from Bloomfihld/ INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Wen fioutli Wnlcs. Sydney, October 31. Tho half-yearly meeting of tho Bank of New South Wales wns held to-day. Tbe balance-sheet -showed a net profit for tho half year of £U3, 147. A dividend was de clared at the rate of 15 per cent per annum, and a bonus of 2£ per cent, wliilo £10,000 wcro placed to the reserve fuud, which uow amounts to £530,000. In tho Lcgislntivo Council this evening tho adjourned debate on the second reading of the Contempt of Court Bill was resumed by the Hon, Alexander Campbell who strongly opposed tho mcasuro. After n lengthy debate tho Houso rejected the bill on division by 19 to 14. Tho Legislative Assembly tbls evening read tho Fire Brigades Bill a third time. Tlio Colonial Treasurer moved the second rending of tho Land Boilers' Inspection Bill, which, after a protracted debate, was agreed to. The House went into committee on the bill pro forma, nnd then adjourned until Wednesday next. Sydney, November 1. The tender of Messrs. Proudfoot and Logan ot £318,626 lias been ncccptcd for tho third section of tho Illn.varra Railway, twenty-six and a half miles in length. An interesting trial lias been tumlc near Sbeppnrton, undcrthe auspices of the Dmiera Farmers' Union, of a number of reaping nnd binding machines. The Buckeye, M'Cormack, Osborne, Samuclson, and Hornby machines took part in the competition. The trial was made on a crop of oats just come into car, Tho test was a severe one, as tho crop wns both short ami uneven. The soil, however, was level and firm. Each machine worked in turn, and finally the fivo geutlcmcn who acted ns judges decided to place the Buckeye nnd M'Cormick machines ns equal. Great interest was taken in the competition by upwards of 200 farmers, who witnessed the trinl. Tho Buckeye tnnchine has boon recently imported' from America. : A Professional sculling contest has been arranged to take plnca over the champion course, Parramatta River, on the 8th December, between E, Trickctt, M. Rush, D. M'Donnld, nnd W. Bench, each contributing £20. The first prizo will be £150, tlio second £66, nnd the tbiril £20. Tho winner will be expected to contest tbe mntcb with Hnnlaa on the Parramatta River on his at rival in Sydney, in the event of Elias Lnycock not being sufficiently recovered from bis late nccidont to meet the Canadian. Mrs. Hampson, the evangelist, left for 8nn Francisco to-day by the R.M.S. City of Now York. Prior to her departure a meeting was held In the Protestant Hall, when Mrs. llampson wa9 congratulated upon the success of her mission in Sydney. She delivered a brief farewell address, in which she ex pressed her gratitude for tho kindly feeling tho people here entertained for her, nud stated that she would probably return to the colonics at no distant date. Victoria Melbourne, November 1. -The proprietors of the Melbourne Leader have been sued in the Supreme Court by a journalist named D. Crichton, for attributing incapacity to him as inspector of vineyards. The jury brought in a verdict for the plnintff, damnges £5. Tho detectives have obtained warrants for the nrrcst of twelve persons connected with different racing sweeps. The Protestant Alliance and Orange lodges arc making great arrangements for cele brating the four hundredth birthday of Martin Luther. Au exhibition of Queensland nugnrs, for which prizes will bo awarded, was opened to-day by Mr.. Blyth, chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, wbo remarked that tho samples shown would do credit to any country in tbo world. Mr. E. J. Jeffray, taking advantage of tbo occasion, made a few remarks on coloured labour in Queens land, and said that as far as he know, neither forca nor fraud wcro ever resorted to for the purpose of obtaining coloured labour on tho sugar plantations of Queensland, and he regretted that Mr. Griffith, the coming Premier of the colony, had pledged himself to oppose this most legitimate form of labour, ibe introducing of Indian coolies to the colony. The Hon, N. Fitzgoradl, M.L.C., predicted that tho sapnr-growing districts of Queensland would insist upon getting justice, even Hit became necessary to separate and .form a new colony in tho North. Soutli Aiistnillu. Adelaide, November 1. . The City Council liavo refused the uso of the Town Hall to Mr. J. E. Redmond. Tho foundation stone of the Young Men's Christian Association building was laid to day, in tho presence of a largo gathering of Krsons, including the Chief Justice and the cmicr of tlio colony. The total amount oollcctad on behalf of tho building during .tho day amounted to about £2000. The Chinaman. 5tah Poo, now lying under scntcnco of death, bas mado n confession im plicating two Europeans in the murder for which lie was convicted, one of thorn being a witness who gave cvidcnco at the trial. The- Commissioner of Police doubts the truth of tho allegations, which arc attributed to a desire on the part of tbo condemned man to dclajr tbo carrying out of tbe 6cntcnco. Inquiries are, however, being made into tlio matter. Last Night!s Telegrams. . CABLE MESSAGES. REUTEtt'S AGENCY. Tho Fronoh Minis tor for Foreign Affairs. Paris, November 1. ' Although M. Chnllemcl-Lacour has' re sumed the portfolio of Minister for Foreign Affairs, it is understood that ho will defi nitely resign shortly, nnd that tho office will bo taken by.M. Jules Ferry. Aggrosslvo Orangemen In XrolancL London, November 1. Tbo feeling between tho Orangemen and the National Party in some parts of Ireland has been very bitter for some time past. At Londonderry, n strong body of Orangemen forcibly seized tho Town Hall to prevent tho National Party holding a meeting which was to have taken plnca in tho evening, nnd they still remain in possession of tho building. ... QUEENSLAND NEWS llrlalMMie. (from our own correspondent .) v . November 2,- - .It is considered probable that tbe opening of Parliament will be adjourned until Wed nesday, to admit of the arrival of the now Governor." ' ....... Tho tenders for the second section of tho Logan branch railway were opened to-day. The lowest was that of Messrs. Ovorend and Co., tho amount being £44,934. Tho other tenderers wcro Mr G. fiashford, and Messrs. Fountain nnd Co. An enthusiastic meeting of footballers was bold to- night, when a Northern Rugby Union wns formed. News has been received that Mr. James Pollard, Of tbo Lilliputian Opera Troupe, accidentally shot himself at Rangoon and died from the injuries he received. The Cook Election. (from our own correspondent.) . Cooktown, November 2. \- Tbe comnlcto returns for the Cook election arenas follow : — Hamilton 689 ' Cooper ... 707' \- OnmpbeU .. .. ... .. ' 6N>' ' mil - .. „ m Tbo return of Messrs. Hamilton nsd Cooper will, it is reported, bo petitioned against. ..... _ ...... INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Kew Moutli Wales, (from our own correspondent.) . , Sydney, November 2, ; Mr. Hnmnson, the Evangelist, left for New Zealand to-day.' Heavy rain fell during tbo night, and tho weather is uow showery. Victoria. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Melbourne, November 2. # The Spring Show of tho Horticultural So- cicty was opened by His Excellency Lord Normanby, who wns accompanied by Sir Anthony and Lady Musgravo. The Show is considered to be a very excellent ono. Tim V.R.G. Meeting commences to-morrow, and bids fair to be one of the most brilliant gatherings ever witnessed in Australia. Atcbio still keeps at even money for the Derby, and Claptrap is well supported for the Cnp. The weather appears to bavo cleared nt Inst. South Australia. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Adelaide. November 2. Tho Board of Health report that the sanitary condition of Adelaiuo discloses a shameful condition of thiogs, and that tbe whole system of sanitary inspection ih de fective. No Observer by last night's mail. This is the second time within tbe last few wcekB. To Correspondents.— Mr. Robert Barns, Lnidlcj : Your letter is in type, and will appear in Tuesday's edition. Mother Swan's Worm Syrup.— In- fal liable, tasteless, harmless, cathartic'; for. fcverislmcss, restlessness, worms, constipa tion. Is. Moses, Moss St Co., Sydney, Goueral Agents. Queen's Park. — We understand that Mr Austin Carrigg has become the lessco of tho Queen's Park, or the portion of it not required for garden purposes. Tenders wcro invited for tho lease of it, and Mr. Cnrrigg's being tbo highest was ncccptcd. Rough on Rats.— Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flics, ante, bed- bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack-rabbits, gophers, 71. Drug gists. Moses, Moss St Co., Sydney, Genera. Agonts, The London Wool Market.— Through tho courtesy of tlio Queensland Mercantile and Agency Co., Limited, we lenrn that the Company received n telegram from London dated October 31st, stating that the price of coarse crossbred wools was much stronger. Meeting of Parliajient.— Both Houses of Parliament will meet for the despatch of business on Tuesday next the Gth of Novem ber, It is fully expected that His Excel lency Sir Anthony Musgrave, will arrivo at Brisbane in time to official iy open Parlia ment. Baptist Church, _ Herries-street.— " Pleasant eveuinga at homo " in the above- named church at Toowoomba, on the 9th instant. The lecture will be illustrated by numerous experiments, including Lilliputian ghosts and a baloou ascent. Tenders Invited.— Tho Commissioner for Rnilwavs ndvertises in nnothcr column for loaders for the following work Seventy hopper waggons, 80 bnllnat waggons, and 50 open waggons for the Southern and Western Railway ; nnd 30 hopper waggons nnd 20 open waggons for the Maryborough Railway. A Caution to Youthful Bathers.— At tbe Police Court yesterday, Patrick Cummins, Frank Corin, James Drury," Edward Drury, Martin O'Conncli, J110. O'Connol), and Fred, M'Klcin pleaded guilty to bathing in . a public place known as the old Soap Works Swamp, on the 27th of October. They were each fined Is. and costs. Elopement. — On Tuesday evening last a highly rcspcctablo resident on the Middle Ridge, on returning to liis'horac from church, fouud that his wifo had disappeared. Inquiries led to the discovery that she had oloped with a widower, late n resident of Ktcin- strcet. Tho amorous pair were Inst heard of at Stnuthorpc, and were evidently on .their way- to New South Wales. Dogs to the Rescue.— At tho Police Court yesterday, before tho Polico Magistrate, no fewer than 96 persons occupied tho posi tion of defendants to the charge of keeping unregistered dogs. Every' ono was fined 10s. nnd 2s. Gd. court costs, making tbo totnl amount -contributed to tbo coffers of the colony £22 10s. Not a bad morning's busi ness, cortainly, nor yet to the intormcr who pockets half tno fine. A Warning by the Police Magis trate.— During tlio proceedings, at the Polico Court yesterday morning, Air. Murray alluding to tno frequent non-nttendanoo of defendants in eases, said that for the future ire auwuiu gnu buiwu iuomhvuuiiii w tiluvucub that all persons who abstained from putting in nn ' appearance after having been sum moned, would have a warrant issued against them. That would mean having to pay double costs, so lie hoped that for their own sukes people who might have business with the court would tnko notice of his warning. Local Rates.— It will bo interesting to know. that tho amount of rates paid in Too woomba during Ootobcr was £1,440. On tho 1st instant, Mr. FJynn the - Town Clerk received '£224. Altogether this amount is considerably in excess of that paid Inst year. Considering the badncss of tbo present season, tbo . foregoing .figures nro. proof abundant that" tbo ratepayers .have met the demands made upon them with a com mendable punctuality. Sr. Stephen's Presbyterian Church. —We direct the attention of capitalists nnd others (0 an advertisement iii another column from tbo Building Committco of St. Stephen's Presbyterian Ohurcb, In order to raise tbo funds necessary to complcto tho new etono cburcb now in course of erection in Noil- street, the committee have resolved to issue debentures to tho amount of £900, each de benture being for tbo amount of £25. Appli cations for these debentures will be received up to the 12th of November, and first- class security will bo given. Mr. J. Raff, of tho A.J.S. Bank, will gladly supply additional particulars. Serious Charge Against a Bushman. —At tlio Toowoomba Polico Court yesterday, Timothy Martin, a bushmnn, wns brought up in custody charged with stealing a chequo for £26 10s. 9d. and a wntcli and chain vaiucd nt £5, from the person of Michael Flynn, of Bcauarabn. Senior-Constable Graham informed the court that ho arrested the prisoner on Thursduy morning on tbo chnrgo of stealing tho cheque, Prisoner denied all knowledge of the cheque, but he was locked up. Senior-Sergeant Downio intimated that tbo cheque bad been traced to the bank, but as it would take some time to obtain It a remand was necessary. Prisoner was accordingly remanded until Monday. At Thursday's sitting of tlio Court, Martin was fined 6s. and costs for having been drank tbo previous night. The Rating of Lands.— An important Issue (says tbe Courier's Maryborough cor respondent on tlio 27th inst.) affecting divisional boards' revenue wns raised at tbe Appeal Court for tbe Burrura division on wcuncsuny. iuo urm or wiisou, iinrt, and Co. is rated in the sum of £30 each for six areas of land, held under special timber license. The Act says thnt all land shall bo ratable property, save nnd except certain defined portions, among which timber hold ings do not nppcar. It seems transparent that timber lands nro rateable, but as tho appellants claimed exemption onapoiutof law, the bench held that it had no jurisdic tion. This view is obtained from tho Cist clause, which says " Tho justices shall hear and dctormino all objections to tbo valuation on the ground of .incorrectness, but no other objection." The appellants claimed that their objection was not against valuation on tbe ground of incorrectness. The matter Is, therefore, relegated for a Supreme Court verdict should either of the parties so decide. The Alleged Tueft of Cadbages.— At tlio Police Court yesterday, Tommy Kong alias Young was brought up on remand charged with stealing a quantity of growiug cabbnges from tbo garden of another Cbiua- man named Ah Chin. Mr. 0. Ilnmilton appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Dodd defeuded. It will bo remembered that the case wns adjourned to allow defendant to produco cvidcnco to substantiate Iris state ment to tho effect thnt ho purchased tlie cabbngos from a Denis M'Cartby. M'Cnrthy was called, and ho stated that lie had known tho defendant foraconsidcrabletimc, nnd ho had always found him to be 6trfctly honest in his dealings, Ou Saturday last ho delivered at Kong's business place more limn seven dozen cabbages, similar to those pro duced. Airs. M'Carthy in giving evidence said she sold the cabbages to tho defendant on Friday uight, and they were delivered on Saturday morning. Tho Polico Magistrate said he considered defendant's explanation quite satisfactory, and ho would bo dis charged. Building Society, No. 4.— Tbe attention of shareholders is directed to an advertise ment in another column rclntivo to the return of the Octobor dividends. Tiie Arrival . of Queensland's New Governor.— His Excellency tho Adminis trator of tlie Goveraraeut, Sir Arthur Palmer, rcccircd a telegram from Sir Anthony Mus- graro on Thursday, invitiog bis attention to his probablo arrival in Brisbane early next week. Arrangements nro in progress in Brisbane, by tho Mayor and Corporation, to give tho new Governor a public welcome. Oa Thursday afternoon the Mayor of Too woomba received a telegram stating thnt tho Colonial Secretary had ordered the station- master to grant a free pass to any Alderman of the Arunicipal Council who may be desirous of atending Brisbano to assist in the public reception of tho now Governor. 31 r. Thompson's Diorama.— Since Tuesday night Mr. Thompson bos been at tho Assembly Rooms witb his " colossal mirror of tbe Zulu and Egyptain Wars." The pano rama is not inaptly named, for truly it is n pictorial mirror viridly reflecting upon canvas all the important events in tho Zulu, aud that brief but brilliant campaign, tho Egyptain war. With tbe remarkable incidents of both wars nearly every body is familiar, bat Air, Thompson's representations of them add considerably to that familiarity. To young and old, bat ospecally to the former an evening spent in tbo examination of theso pictures wilt prove an excellent Kinder- Garten system of imparting knowledge on two very important episodes in English G. Gordon and G. R. Ashton, and that por tion of it devoted to the Egyptian War con sists of 1G tablcux of dimensions sufficiently large to admit of tho effective treatment of tlie subjects advertised. The landscapo nnd architectural portion nro from the pencil of Mr. Gordon, nnd tbo exceptionally faithful nnd dramatic representations of militnry scenes arc the handiwork of Mr. Ashton. Both artists have proved them selves to be, by their work, worthy of their calling. Want of space prevents usgiviug n detailed description of the scones. Tho first ono shows the escape of refugees from Alexandria previous to the bombardment; next follow views of that beautiful city both before and after tlio devastating ordeal it went through about 15 months ago. Then come views of tbe embarkation of troops from home, and tbeir after career nt Has-: sassin, Tcl-cl-Kebir, and Ramlch is al60 graphically depicted. In a few words, it can; safely bo said that tho diorama is worthy of patronage. Each night good audiences: having attended, ancl to-day thcro wili bo a matinee, in addition to the usual evening performance. A Pugilistic German.— At the Police Court yesterday, Adam Appel, of Gowrie Creek, was summoned for assaulting John Roessler, surveyor, of Crown-street, Too- woomba. Mr. Mackay prosecuted, and Mr. Murray was for the defence. On defendant being called forward Mr. Mackay put the question to him " Can you understand Eng- lish?" A blunt, loudly-spoken English "No" was the laughter-creating answer given. " How long have you been in this country ?" was the next interrogatory. In face of the decisive negative to the previous query, the reply given was nothing if not amusing. " About eighteen months " in accents as pure as those which could be uttered by anyone "to the manor born," came as the answer. However, it was decided to engage the services of an interpreter, and the Rev. Mr. Giezan- danner officiated in that capacity. Mr. Roessler, whose face bore the marks of con- siderable ill-usage, stated that the defendant had recently been in his and his brother's employ as a laborer. On the 27th October he called upon him and his brother at their establishment in Crown-street, and demanded in a very insolent manner, the sum of £15 and a saddle. Witness objected to the money being paid, and prevented his brother from paying it to the defendant. Upon this defendant used some abusive language, then struck witness in the face with his fist, causing his nose to bleed and blackening his eye. He then ran away but witness followed him and caught him as he was endeavoring to mount the fence, and would have given him a good "hammering" had it not been for the interference of his brother, who ad- vised him to take out a summons rather than take the law into his own hands. Henry Roessler, brother of the prosecutor, gave corroborative evidence, and he and other witnesses underwent considerable cross- examination from Mr. Murray. The defence set up by Mr. Murray was that Mr. Roessler was the aggressor, but the Magistrate con- sidered that a serious assault had been com- mitted, and the result was that Adam Appel had to pay for indulging his propensity for pugilism to the following tune : For the assault, 10s. fine and 4s. 6d. costs; profess- sional fees, £2 2s. ; witnesses, 10s. ; and in- terpreter, 10s. 6d,, or in default one month's imprisonment. 