THE FIRST BLOW. Br PBUTETBE. [Tho great Luther lie—The Dark Ages— . How the bright ages might hare been more bright—The beginning of the battle—Why Luther attacked Tetzel—The All Saints' sermon and the 95 Theses—Lather's letter to Pope Leo X. reoommended to the prayerful pefnsal of Dr. Moorhouse.] A»x> all the fat Latheran balls of Basan bellowed, and all the frisky goats of the Protestant Edom bleated, and all the foal birds of the atheist air screamed over the grave of the long- departed Wittenberg Cook- Bobln, Honk Martin as was; and then the balls, and the goats, and the birds dispersed Mid went back to their respective pastnres, and rooks, and roosts. The Luther 400 years' commemoration is now with all the other insanities of the dead past. The obstreperous and disoordant concert of the Sohleiernaohers, and the Strausees, and the Bradlangbs, which they shrieked over the buried bones of their prophet, is ended. And what conoerns yon, O esteemed reader, is this—that the whole mobbery and bobbery was a hideons, a horrid, a stupendous, an astonishing lie : a lie all the more hideons, horrid, and astonishing in its immeasurable and audacious mendacity from the fact that It was chorused by "1000 ministers" of 1000 sonr-faoed, separated, centrifugal, and oontradiotory " Churohes." One is really frightened at finding oneself inhabiting the same planet with some 80 or 90 millioos of bipeds, whom, in politeness, we are obliged to oall our " fellow- oreatures," whose whole moral sense is so reversed and obfuscated that they sinoerely believe a lie s) monstrous, immense, and deformed as that Luther was an apostle of good oome from God to reform a corrupt and ignorant world —the great Lnther lie. God sends thieves to teach ns honesty. God •ends robbers to oure as of stealing. God gen^s harlots to enforoe the preoepts of modesty. The brigand gaol birds oome from heaven to uphold justioe. The swindlers and shoplifters are the best guardians of the oash box and the till. It is iadeed something to terrify ns as well as to sadden when we reflect on what a multitude of redeemed souls believe this astonishing Lnther lie in all its beguiling, blinding, and blasphemous perversity. From the beginning the grand object of Luoifer was to keep Christ out of the world. When Christ came, Luoifer's objeot was to drive jChrist out of the world. Since the Aeoension, Lucifer's whole power has been need to destroy Christ's true Churoh, and keep the world as his own kingdom and be its king, God being expelled from it. Lucifer tried persecution to kill the Church in her tatset. He failed. Then he tried divisions inside, and foand divisions more sucoessfuL Let there be noj sects among you, said the Holy Ghost. Let ns have nothing bnt sects, and let us call them " Churohes," says the Luther li«, and this was the watoh-word of the late Wittenberg sectarian conglomeration. Observe, O esteemed reader, that the 1001 ministers of the 1001 sects who eolleoted round Lather's grave, three weeks ago, can never unite. They can only combine like Pilate and Herod against Christ. And why seek they to combine f To crush the Catholio Church down and trample it to death. This was why they ohanted the LOTHEB LIE so loudly at Wittenberg. There was no Christian religion, no Christian civilisation, € 0 Christian education, no Holy Scriptures, o books, no arts cultivated, no sciences cherished, no industries protected, no manufactures, no oivil order, no freedom of thought, no mental liberty, no nothing of what should be until Luther came from heaven, and the " reformation" dawned in light, and genius, and progress and glory on a debased and brutish Europe. That is the Wittenberg Luther lie which they bellowed out and bleated and screamed at Luther's tomb the other day. Some ten or fifteen out of the 50,000 choristers knew better. They knew that society in Europe had been raised up from the barbarism of pagan savagery, from domestic slavery, from the degrading sway of polygamy, and all its rude concomitants, and moulded into humanity and order by the Catholic Church, existing then, and for 1000 years before, as she exists now. She had baptized and taught Lather, and Luther's father, and grandfather, and his grandfather's great grandfather, as she taught and baptized from the days of the 12 Apostles : taught .what the 12 Apostles taught as Christ had taught them. Luther—as we shall see presently—was born in the full glow and radiance of a Christian civilisation, which, if not broken in upon, would have gone on perfecting itself, and oome down to ns with the fulness and benefioenoe of all elevating and refining influences, withont the vile alloy of atheistical oommunism ; for Lather was as politically revolutionary as he was dootrinally new and heretical. He fawned on tdngs so long as it served bis purpose; bnt he was as anti- monarchical in heart as Wiclif and Has, as we have already seen, and shall more plainly peroeive. The peasant War, and the 30 year*' War, and the Turkish invasion whioh these wars emboldened the Moslem power to attempt, threw Europe back 100 years, and both delayed and rendered progress more difficult; - and these wars were the immediate consequence of Luther's, agitation, while, as regards religion, they placed Bishop Moorhouse in fraternal continuity between Moo (rare rConway and Mr. Thomas Walker in the recent bellowing* and blastings and hnekings over Luther's bones. All this, O esteemed reader, you thoroughly understand, unless yoa are a pig. We should have had a holier and a happier civilisation in Europe to-day if Martin Luther and his reformation apostacy had never been heard of. How THE BATTLE BEGAN. Some 1200 years before Pope Leo. X. or Luther were born, Constantino I., commonly oalled Constantino the Great, and also called the first Christian Roman Emperor, built a basilica or churoh to the glory of God at Rome, under the invocation of St. Peter and St. Paul. In this church High Mass and other solemnities continued to be solemnised down to the pontificate of Pope Julius IE., A.D. 1503. Julius conceived the design of rebuilding and enlarging Constantino's church. This Pontiff died in 1513, leaving the work half finished. Pope Leo X., who succeeded Julius, went on with the costly undertaking for two years, and then the building fund was exhausted. To raise money, Leo determined to appeal to the faithful of Europe for assistance, and this appeal was made by a Jubilee with Indulgence, the penances being oommuted to almsgiving, the alms to go towards the completion of St. Peter's Church, the oathedral of all Europe. The collection of these alms in Saxony was entrusted by Leo X. to Father Tetzel, a Dominican monk. Some Catholics, always ready to gulp down a Protestant canard, have explained the whole reformation squabble by a sttg.toious fib-le, saying that, as the Augustiniau Order was established in Saxony, Luther expeoted that his confraternity should hare had the job of preaohiog the Jubilee, and taking the alms, with the chanoe of slipping a slice of the plunder into their own wallet. The Augustinian monks at Erfurt were therefore angry and jealous beoause the Dominicans were to finger the alms, and they put.up Luther to preach against the Indulgence oat of spite and revenge. This ignoramus supposition yen oan have and hold, O esteemed, as long and an tenaciously as you please. The only objection to it is that it is simple fiction. If this were the correot explanation of the opposition raised by Luther to the Indulgence of Leo X. there would have been no reformation. Very far different from this was the reason of Luther's wrath against the Indulgences. Note how it was. In 1507 Luther was ordained priest. For two years previously his mind had been troubled about his salvation. He read St. Angustine, studied the Epistle to the Romano, looked into the writings of Tauler, Wiclif, and Hus; had endeavoured too eagerly to reconcile the mystery of man's Free Will with God's Foreknowledge. In these speculations he seems to have been heedless of the wise rule of the Church, whioh leaves everyone to inquire, and disouss, and theorise as they please, only admonishing them not to Bet up their private theorisings against the standard doctrines [dogmas] received and believed by the Universal Churoh as neoessary to salvation. Luther gradually worked himself into a new scheme of religion: a scheme whioh shifted the basis of belief from the testimony of the living, speaking, teaching Cbnroh to the dumb, voiceless, written teaohing of the Churoh as we have it in the New Testament; and this dead, mute, written teaohing was to be interpreted or made to epet»k according as every reader ohose to explain it. And this explanation of the writings of the first bishops of the Churoh was, as Luther would have it, to be the standard of belief, making every Christian a Churoh, a teacher, a prophet to himself, and forever destroying all UNITY of faith, and dicsolving the " Communion of Saints." Thus interpreting St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans, Luther (who had read Tauler, Wiulif, and Hus) came at laBt to the clear conviction that all Bin is blotted out by a strong faith in God's love; and that, BO long as we retain this strong faith, no amount of sin oan endanger our salvation. He went so far in his discussion with Eok, in 1518, as to assert that before God there was no moral distinction between one human act and another— that is to say, murder and saying one's prayers were all the same in the sight of God. And this was the blessed reformer that, through Germany, has sanotified the human race. And then, if Faith alone suffioed for Salvation, the Sacraments were supeifluons, and Almsgiving was only a foolish attempt to bribe God, and thus get into heaven without faith. In 1508 Lutber was appointed Professor of Moral Tneology by the Duke Elector Frederick of Saxony, in his Royal Highness's new university of Wittenberg, and preaoher of the Royal Chapel. These appointments gave him the r opportunity to mould his Erfurt crudities t into form, and this he rather slowly but o surely did. In 1610 he was sent to Rome on business of his order, and it is oertain he oame back very maoh dissatisfied wifh what he saw in the papal oity. His German d "brogue" and forest manners did not commend themselves nor their owuer to the ourtly society of the then capital of Europe. He had disagreeable reoollections of Rome. t n 1512 he reoeived his diploma as Doctor of ivinity, and the character of his preaching began to attract attention for its strauge xposition of soripture. However, he gained he favour of the Duke of Saxony, whom he soon tinged with his own notions, nd indoctrinated both students and proessors with his opinions on Faith. In 1516 c uther had got his new theory into some a ort of controversial shape, and just then the ope proclaimed the Jubilee and Indulgence which Luther for ten years had been teaching t imBelf to hate as being contrary to the e Word of God," the bible. In Ootober, 617, Father Tetsel had got north in Saxony s far as' the town of Juterbook, preaohog the Indulgence, and, in spite of all t " f p t Luther's eloquent sermons and persuasions, the oitizens, and even his own congregation and penitents, of Wittenberg flooked oat to Juterbock to gain the Indulgence, and "bribe God" with their alms. Juterbock was only 8 miles from Wittenberg. Lutber seemed defied or disdained. He determined to preach a special sermon against the profanation going on so near. He shut himself np in his cell for three or four days to prepare this discourse—whioh, in faot, may be regarded as the first blow strnek in the reformation battle—and he had an extremely delioate task to perform. He was desperately convinced that his doctrine of Faith only waB right, and the Cbnroh wrong. He had St. Augustine on bis side. He had St. Paul and the Epistle to the Romans on his side. But the whole world was against him, and he must speak guardedly. Bnt he must also declare the trnth, as all heretios feel called on to do. It was known that Dr. Martin was preparing, and the Church of All Saints' was densely crowded when be went into the pulpit. The Duke of Saxony, the Court, the corporation, students, and burgesses, and strangers massed together; and the sermon was preaohed, and indulgences and pardons by indulgences were, if not violently denounced, declared to be nowhere set forth in the Word of God, and that faith alone gained us pardon for sin. Such a sermon, however cautiously worded, could not fail to produce a sensation, Bimply as a challenge to poor Father Tetzel, who was driving a rattling trade at Juterbock. Luther not only preached, but printed and published, and he followed up the sermon by announcing that he would defend the doctrine of it in a PUBLIC DISCUSSION. These public discussions were an institute of those times. They were as popular as the Lectures of our day by an eminent lecturer, Dr. Moorhouse for instance. A subject was named by any professor. He would deliver his opinions upon it in the town hall. Any one who pleased might reply ; and when two celebrated scholars met they had large audiences to bear them dispute. The public were " educated" in political or other questions by these discussions. Luther drew up a number of propositions, which were, in fact, the sum and substance of his sermon. These propositions were his famous of whioh the Protestant world has lately heard so much and knows so little. Late on the niirht of October 31, the Vigil of All Saints, 1517, Luther sent the University porter out to fasten np these 95 Theses on an outside pillar of the Castle Church, and as the following day was the Feast of All Saints, and the city was full of visitors coming to the solemnities of Boniface IX., the paper was se>m and read by hundred* of people on November 1, as they went out from the Masses, and speedily beoame the opio of conversation over the whole town, or they were accompanied by the usual stateent that Luther would defend them in a ublic disputation. Many esteemed readers ay be desirous of seeing these far-famed heses, and, therefore, I append some of hem. The 95 would occupy too much pace, but those quoted will be a fair sample f the whole. " PREAMBLE." "For the sake and lore of truth, the ollowing Theses will be maintained at ittenberg under the presidency of the Rev. ather Luther, Master in Arts and Theology, nd those who cannot do so verbally are equested to do so in writing. " In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, men !" THESIS 1. When our Lord and Master, Jesus Christ, ays " do penance," He desires that the life f the faithful should be one of constant enanoe. THESIS 2. He was unquestionably not then speaking f the Sacrament of Confession ; that is to ay, of oonfession to a priest, and the satisaction by a priest. THESIS 3. And our Lord does not mean an inward epentance merely, whioh is not sufficient nless accompanied by mortification of the lesh. THESIS 5. The Pope is neither willing nor able to emit other penances (punishments) than hose imposed by himself, or by tho authority f the Canons of the Cbnroh. THESIS 6. The Pope does not remit any sins; he only eolares them remitted by Goa. THESIS 7. God pardons no man exoept to the extent hat man humiliates himself. THESIS 8. The Penitential Canons—that is, the raotice of Confession and Penanoe, are for he living only, and not for the dead. THESIS 13. The dead in quitting this world satisfied auonioal judgments, whioh oan no longer ffeot them. THESIS 19. The souls In Purgatory are not assured of eir salvation, however oertain we on the arth may be of it. THESIS 21. The purchasers of Indnlgenoee err in inking that the Pope oan absolve the sonl om satisfaction ana open heaven to it. h THESIS 25. Bishops and priests have the same authority in Purgatory as the Pope. THESIS 26. If the Pope oan release souls from Purgatory, it is only by prayer, and not by the power of the keys. THESIS 27. They cheat us who preach that, as soon as a piece of money chinks in the plate, the soul in purgatory is released. THESIS 38. What is more oertain is that they whe get the money turn it to their own advantage. THESIS 29. And who knows if every soul desires to be released from Purgatory. THESES 86. Why does not the Pope, who is as rieh as Crcesu*, build a Temple with his own money and not with ours ? THESIS 83. The Pope should proclaim the Gospel instead of Indnlgenoes. THESIS 91. Away with those whe preach peace when there is no peaoe. Such were the trumpery puerilities put forth under the name of Theses, and threefourths of those omitted were even more captious and childish than thoBe I htva quoted. But whether shallow or profound, the sermon and the 95 Theses raisnd a storm of indignation which alarmed Luther, for he found the hateful name of "heretio" hurled at him from all sides, with scarcely a whisper of approbation from the few whom he had gained over to his opinions at Wittenberg or ISrfurt. What was significant was that the. anti-Italian politicians of Saxomy consHered his sermon and his 95 Theses as a demonstration in their favour, and the malcontent " Gbibelines" [Weibelungeners] extolled Luther as a bold patriot, so that what ke lost one way he gained in another. He, however, was so much disturbed by the cry of "heretio" that he thought it would be good polioy on his part to address the Pope, and, under a show of filial respeot, to pat the Holy Father, as it were, between himself and his assailants. The name of keretio, he said, rang in his ears like the clash el cymbals. He therefore wrote as follows to Leo X., in whioh hiB cunning only aiakes his insolence the more oonspicuous :— "LTTTHBB'S LETTER TO LEO X. "Most Holy Father,—I had been attacked by misrepresentation, which I exposed in the form of Theses, not doctrines, propounded as enigmas in enigmatical style. But now what am I to do ? I cannot retract these things, notwithstanding the odium I incur by their publication. In spite of myself, I, a poor, ignorant, stupid, and illiterate monk, am cast in the midst of a hostile public (! ! .') and of doctors holding oontradiotory opinions, and in an age, to*, like the present, eo brilliant and so polished that, from its genius and its learning, it might pm, a Cioero to shame. But I am put to it, Most Holy Father; I, who am but a goose screamng in the presence of swans. Therefore, te itigate the fury of my opponents, aud to atisfy friends, I now publish some trifles in xplanation of my Theses, and for my own afety,Most Holy Father,! place them ondir he patronage of your august name: under he protecting shadow of your Holiness, so that for the future all men may know what respeet I bear, and what homage I pay to the ower of the keys." I commend this letter to the tboughtfnl spelling of Dr. Moorhouse when he next lectures on the thick darkness that covered Germany and Europe in Luther's time, 490 years ago; and I commend Lather's ideas of these benighted times to your serious consideration, O esteemed reader. Deoember 4,1883. 