yj; .'jgr?g?CTZ»^s EA T FAULT. BY HAWLEY SMA.ET, Author of "Breezie Lanjrton," "Broken Bonds." " Social Sinners," " The great Ton tine," &c;,, &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the auth».-. All rights reserve;! J Chapter XXVIII.—Mr. Ci'dehorh rbta UA'COJl EOKTAKIiE. That men have infatuations _about women past comprehension is an axiom as indis putable in life as that a line is the shortest distance between two points in mathematics. "What does he see in her?" demand his friends angrily, and with justice, rihe may he vulgar, and even of dubious beauty, but no waiter/ she has fascinated tbat man. it may be for days or it may be for ever, but though of mature age he will be blind as » newly-born puppy to her demerits. What does he see in her? Good Lord! he could not answer that, question in the least. He would tell you that she was lovely, deny that she was vulgar, and assert upon oath that her English was faultless. Useless to reason with these infatuated ones. Safer far to emulate that astute philosopher who, upon con doled with about his brother's mesalliance, quietly retorted, " What is there to howl about? Charlie would never Lave-been happy with a lady." Mr. Cudemorc was quite oi£ his balance about Kid Foxborough. He had fairgrounds for his infatuation. The girl was very pretty and lmd been thoroughly educated; there were none of the vulgarisms mentioned above in her, but she had never given him the slightest encouragement, nor had he indeed ever been afforded much opportunity of pushing his suit; but for all that Mr. C'udemore was most resolute in his determi nation to many her. He was working hard to get the Syringa mainly into hi3own bauds, and had already, as he knew, assumed a con trol there, to which he was by no means entitled. What distressed him at- present was not Kid's indifference to his suit—tbat he was prepared for;- but her mother's indif ference to the loss of the management of the Syringa. Mr. Cudemore had already aban doned all hope of carrying his point as a mere wooer, but he did think pressure about the Syringa might do wonders for him. To his dismay Mrs. Fox borough seemed toicare little whether she stayed or left. He had trusted much upon this leverage in the game he con ceived James Foxborough's death had opened out to him. Another thing which had gone awry with the money-lender was this. He was, of course, aware that Herbert Morant was his successful rival. He had held some bills of Morant's, and Mr. Cudemore's ex perience of young men told him that the first bill, like the first woodcock was but the pre- .. cursor of the flight. He had looked forward at- no little distance of time to having the young man most thoroughly under his thumb, but to his great astonishment Herbert Morant had promptly taken up hi3. bills as soon as they becomedue, andshownno wish to contract fresh obligations! consequent indeed on his love for Kid and desire to set to work to make a home for her; but Mr. Cudemore did not know all this, or I am afraid that maledic tions would have fallen from beneath his well-waked moustache, thick and thorough. He could not be said to having a rosy time of it altogether this jackal that preyed on the necessities of his brethren. Your pro fessional affairs may run favorably enough, but most men Lave some aim utterly outside that, and the mark that particularly attracted. Mi*. Cudemore's attention at this moment seemed considerably beyond his attainment. Still he was of that pertinacious tempera mement that sometimes achieves the fulfil ment of its desires by its dogged perseve rance. One thing, quietly as he had passed it by, bad struck Mr. Cudemore during his inter-. view with Mrs. Foxfcorough—to wit, her" statement that the police no longer thought her husband guilty of the Bunbury murder. It was considerably to his interest, he thought, that Foxborough should be held guilty of that crime, and he resolved to call upon Mr, Stnrton and endeavor to ascertain from him what Scot-land Yard had thought of the information he had brought them. The great Bond-street- maestro was at home, or, to speak more correctly, at his place of business. As for homo." he resided in a charming bcuse. standing in excessively pretty grounds out in West Kensington, whole were plenty of servants, saddle and carriage horses, a French cook, a Scotch, gardener and conservatories. His sons were at the universities, and though far more Con servative in their professions than their father, with much less real reverence for a lord. As Coleridge had a contemptuous be lief in ghosts, such as he might hold in cab bages, because he had seen so many of them, so had these young men discovered that hereditaiy rank was simply the result of suc cessful spoliation and corruption in the days' gene by, and its descendants by no means gifted above the sons of men. . Mr. Stnrton was at his place of business, and Mr. Cade more was at once ushered into the sartorial potentate's private sanctum—a simply fur nished room at the back of the shop, where Mr. Stnrton, seated at his writing-table, was quietly engaged in answering the heavy batcn of letters which each morning brought him. "Ah! Cudemore," he said, in his usual" languid manner; "pray sit down; excuse me for two minutes while I just finish thi3, ami then I shall be ready to talk to you." A few minutes, and then Sturton threw down his pen, and pulling his. chair round, said quietly— " Kow, then, what is it ?" He and Mr. Cndemore were not wont to indulge in ceremonious calling upon each ether. " What did they say to yon at Scotland Yard the other day ?" enquired the money lender, without farther preamble. "You needn't feel the least uncomfortable about oiy going there anyway, for your name has never been mentioned, while mine they promised to keep dark unless absolutely com pelled to bring it forward, whieh they did not in the least anticipate. I saw Sergeant Usher, the detective officer in charge of the case, and he said my information might turn out of great value to them, but would pro bably never lead to their requiring any evi dence from me, and that certainly at present they would infinitely prefer my keeping .my mouth closed on the subject " I am told the police begin to think that Foxborough cid not commit the crime. Is that true ? What does Sergeant Usher think about it ?" "I am sure I don't know," replied Mr. Sturton, " a-nd from what I saw of Sergeant Usber I should say he's very unlikely to let any mortal soul know his opinion on the sub ject till he's got some one on bis trial for the niuider. I should think he would talk affably and apparently openly with you for a week, and at the end of it you wouldn't have dis covered what he thought about anything. I see a good bit of human nature, you know ; you can't help measuring men's minds a little while you are measuring their bodies—that is, if you are an artist. There are customers who never Snow exactly what they want, and whom you may persuade to do anything. Others who equally don't know what they want, but suspect you if you attempt to assist tbe wobbliDg ideas that do duty with them for a mind; there's the customer you can't please do what you will, angular in body as in opinion ; there's the man who hates trying on, hates ordering clothes at all. and pay's ready-money ; there's the man who delight3 in both first, but abhors the latter part of the ceremony. Hasn't Carlyle written a book about it; and, good Lord! if he only had me to prompt him. Ours is one of the great arts, and the day will come when it will be ac knowledged as such. You've ll,A.'s, and I don't see why there shouldn't be Ii.T.'s; and &z; the age gets more advanced and the general fusion of things begins, there's r.o doubt — there's no doubt whatever," and here the great democratic • tailor stopped abruptly, his tongue having a little overrun his defined opinions upon the coming upheaval, A thing which happens norebly to many of our legislators, and ac counts for the consequent abrupt termina tion of some of their bursts of eloquence with which they are wont to electrify their con stituents. Mr. (Judemore was of a narrow-minded but practical turn of mind,' He stored with un disguised astonishment while his friend delivered himself of the above rhapsody, but would, had his thoughts been put into English, have expressed himself somehow in this wise. All men have their faults, I know. It's the weak point in their organisation, which, carried to excess, men called madness. Only I know Sturton to be a thorough business, practical man, I should wonder why his friends didn't shut him up, that is to say, if he ever let's out in this way to them, I! hum. if I could, should charge him another ten per cent, for it. "Then this Sergeant Usher didn't really tell you he considered Foxborough had nothiDg to do with the prime 1" remarked Mr. Cudemore at length, " Certainly not—what put that into your head ?" "The papers, I believe," rejoined the money-lender carelessly ; "and then I mis understood you about yout interview at Scot land Yard.' -I told you clearly," rejoined Sturton, "that Usher, a colorless photograph, ex. pnsfed nothing. Voluble, very, on occa sions ; tbat is, it struck me if I didn't talk ; but mute as a mouse when-I'd anything to say. I know nothing about the opinion of Scotland Yard whatever." "Ah ! well: I felt a little curiona to know what they thought of your confession," .re joined Mr. Gudemcic riling, "and also" whether the making of it had brought you peace of mind." " The sooner yon understand I mean in variably to take my own way the better," rejoined Sturton sharply, and with a quicir ness that the money-lender had never given him credit for. It is very easy to transfer such business as I have with you to another of the fraternity." " And suppose I chose to bruit abroad our former relations afterwards," rejoined Cudc more, suddenly. '' I sb ould deliberately and as assuredly ruin you. Fool that you are ! Can't you see that" small capitalists like you are at the mercy of the bigger men who employ them," retorted Mr, Sturton calmly. Alt the leading men in my profession are reported to lend money to their customers whether they do or not. You can't do me much harm, but, my dear C'ude more, I shall assuredly break you, I pull strings that your limited mind has no con ception of. " I don't want to quarrel," replied the money-lender. " Unless with an object it's always a mistake, but when yon run counter to my views I like to know the why of it. We'll change the subject. How about young Morant. Is he still on your books ? he has taken up all his paper 2" " No, that's the man who stands in your way with Mis3 Foxborough, isn't he? He has squared up and left us, and when they do that of their own accord it nsually means that they have taken to the business of life in some fashion. Flying kites and West End tailors don't quite accord with such utilitarian views." (To le continued.) 