HOBART MARINE BOARD. A meeting of this board was held at the office, Franklin Wharf, yesterday afternoon. Present Messrs. E. M. Fisher (in the chair), J. Bayley, C. Dowdell, and A G. Webster. THE H.H. WAKEFIELD. The CHAIRMAN reported that Messrs. Perkins and Nephew, agents for the Hobart Steam Navigation and Trading Company, wrote to him on the 14th, that they found the certificate of the s.s. Wakefield would expire on the 17th inst., and asked permission for her to make one trip to the West Coast previous to inspection for the renewal of her certificate, asking for an immediate reply. He wrote at once in answer that to enable him to comply with their request, he would require the certificate of a competent surveying engineer, setting forth that he had examined the vessel and found her in the food condition represented by Messrs. 'Perkins and Co. 'the agents wrote again upon the same day that they wished no delay to take place, but that they required the inspection to be dispensed with altogether until the vessel returned, represent- ing that it was in the interests of the public that their request was made. He replied, that upon several occasions Messrs. Perkins and Nephew had asked permission for the s.s. Amy to make special trips after the time for which her certificate has been granted had expired, and such permission had been granted upon the production of a certificate of engineer that he considered the vessel's machinery in such good order as to warrant the board granting the request. The Master Warden could not accept the responsibility of granting the desired permission unless a competent survey- ing engineer certified to the condition of the machinery in the same way that had been done upon other occasions upon which similar requests had been made ; but taking the circumstances into consideration as represented by the agents, he instructed Mr. John Clark to make a survey, and his report being favourable, permission was given for the Wakefield to make one trip to the West Coast previous to inspection for renewal of certificate. The board approved of the Master Warden's action in the matter. REPORTS ADOPTED. The following reports of committees of the whole board were brought up and agreed to Boat Harbour We recommend that the piling, planking, and dredging be proceeded with at once, and completed before the other portions of the contemplated improvements are taken into consideration. When the dredging is completed, the depth of water available will be known, and the committee be in a position to consider and recommend the most desirable description of platform, steps, etc. Repairs to Assistant's Quarters at Mount Nelson Signal Station. We recommend that the Master Warden be instructed to obtain estimates as to the cost of what is required to be done. Master Warden's letter to Treasurer having reference to appointment of surveying engineer was read and approved. Messrs. Facy and Fisher's Steamer Ex- press The committee is of opinion that according to by-law No. 13 the charge or fee must be paid if the Express embarks or dis- embarks passengers, or loads or lands any goods at any wharf completed, made, or constructed by the board. Harbourmaster's Salary at George's Bay, The committee recommend that Mr. Dawson's offer to perform the necessary duties for the sum of £21 per annum be accepted, to take effect from the 1st inst. Land Fronting on New Wharf.-The committee recommend that Mr. Thompson's letter and description be forwarded to the Treasurer, with the request that the same may be compared with the description as gazetted in May, 1879, so that if the errors exist as described by Mr. Thompson, steps may be at at once taken to have them corrected. MISCELLANEOUS. A return of fees received for the half-year ending 30th June last, by the shipping master, was approved for publication in the Gazette. An application from Pilots Cleary, and Harrison, asking the board to reconsider its decision in reference to the amount of pilots' salaries, and setting forth the different expenses they had to bear in connection with their appointments, was referred to a committee to report upon. Mr. E. N. Spong, formerly superintendent at the Cape Wickham lighthouse, wrote, asking permission to change the word " resign to " retire," in his letter of resignation of two years since, as he believed the alteration would be of material benefit to himself. The letter was referred to a committee. The CHAIRMAN said he received a telegram that morning from Captain Gilmore, Master Board of the Launceston Marine Board, stating that he was on the point of leaving with Mr. H. Conway to see to the alteration of the colour of the cottages adjacent to the Low Head light, so as to afford a better landmark to ships entering the port., An estimate, prepared by Mr. R. H. Stabb, of repairs required to be done at the South Bruni station, was referred to committee. A return of the consumption of oil at Swan Island for the month of June was laid on the table. Accounts amounting as follows were passed for payment: Lighthouse fund, £14 9s.; harbour trust, £51 19a. The board then rose. VALUABLE Disooviav roa IM BARRY-In you hair is turning any or white, or falling off, last r The Men can flair Banawar," for it will positively, restore in every eau Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable small £7 most " Restorers it makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for Tas MUIOAK HAIR TABNSWIB." Sold by chemists and perfumers everywhere at la M. MT bottle Wholesale depot removed to st, f arrtactlosi Snarl. Tardun, OiioHTH.-An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that Bil some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested broad f" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy" bread! is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest speak against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder In making bread for although it won't " radio ghosts," It will raise broad In the most admirable. fashion. Every wise storekeeper has It by him, and every good housewife buys It 81-0-03. If You DON'T BELIEVE IT, ASK ANY GERMAN, And he will convince you that St. Jacob's Oil is, the most wonderful remedy that has ever been brought before the public Khouttiatlsra of many years standing has yielded lminotllatoly to Its almost magical in fluence. As many have expressed It, its action Is electrical, looming to drive the pain before It natural discomfort leaves the body and the warm glow of health and comfort remains. It is a certain can far neuralgia, giving immediate roller upon, the Ant application, enduring, In a short time, the most In vsWtccaa»a,-^ldbf.«UC*»a»U^. . V,7-«>¿« is { ?.?...it ; often 'a failure' 