fptato. PHAFTOM FORTUNE. by miss br&ddon;, Author of 'Lady Audley** Secret,' 'Taken at the Flood,' 'A1 Strange World,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Weavers and Weft,' 'Just Aa I Am,' &c;, &c.; ^Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] PROLOGUE. Chapter IL. — Ulysses. October was ending drearily with north* west winds, dust, drifting dead leaves, and a steel grey sky; and the Dolphin Hotel at Southampton was glorified by the presence of Lady Maulevrier and suite. Her ladyship's suite was on this occasion limited to three ser vants—her French maid, a footman, and a kind of factotum; a man of no distinct and arbitrary signification in her ladyship's house noio, neituer butler nor steward, but that privileged being, an old and trusted servant, and a person who was supposed to enjoy more of Lady Maulevrier's confidenc than any Other member of her establishment. This James Steadman had been valet to her ladyship's father, Lord PeverilL daring the decliningyears of that nobleman. The narrow limits of a sick room bad brought the master and servant into a closer companionship than ib common to that relation. Lady Diana Angersthorpe was a devoted daughter, and in her attendance npon the earl during the last three years of bis life— a life which closed more than a year before her own marriage — she saw a great deal of James Steadman, and learned to trust him as servants are not often trusted. He was not more than twenty years of age at the beginning of his service, but be was a man of extraordinary gravity, ranch in advance of his years ; a man of shrewd common sense and clear sharp intellect. Not a reading mac, or a man in any way superior to bis station apd belongings, but a man who could think quickly, and understand quickly, and who always seemed to think rightly. Prompt inaction, yet steady as a rock, and to all appearances recognising no earthly interest, xto human tie, beyond or above the interests of his master. As a nurse Steadman showed himself invaluable. Lord Peverill left him a hundred pounds in acknowledgement of his services, which was something for Lard Pev erill, who bad very little ready cash wherewith to endow bis only daughter. After his death the title snd-estates went to a distant cousin, and Lady Diana Angersthorpe was taken in hand by her aunt the Dowager Marchioness of Oarrisbrook, and James Steadman would have bad to find employment among strangers if Lady Diana had not pleaded so urgently with her as to Becure him a somewhat insignificant post in her ladyship's establish ment. **I£ ever I have a house of my own, you . shall have a better place in it, Steadman,' said Lady Diana. She kept her word, and on her marriage wiui uvux luauiEvricr, wuusu oappeuea auvui eighteen months afterwards, Steadman passed into that noblemans service. He was a mem ber of her ladyship's bodyguard, and his em ployment seemed to consist chiefly in poking fires, cutting the leaves of books and news papers, superintending the footman's atten dance upon her ladyship's household pets, and conveying her sentiments to the other ser vants. He was in a manner Lady Maulevrier's mouthpiece, and although treated with a respect that verged upon awe he was not a favorite with the other servants. And now the house in May Fair was given over to the charge of caretakers, and all the other servants had been dispatched by coach . to her ladyship's favorite retreat in Westmore land, within a few miles of the Laureate's home at Rydal Mount, and James Steadman was charged with the whole responsibility of her ladyship's travelling arrangements. Ponelope bad come to Southampton to wait for Ulysses, whose ship had been due for more than a week, and whose white sails night be expected above the horizon at any moment. James Steadman spent a gooddeal of his time waiting about the docks for the earliest news of Greene's ship the Hyperm nestra, while Lady Maulevrier waited patiently in her sitting-room at the Dolphin, whose three long French windows commanded a full view of the High street, with all those various distractions afforded by the chief +Tifwnno;)iff»*A nf. sl TfcrniritinifLl tnwn ITap ladyship was providedwithalarge box of books from Eber's in Bond-street, a basket of fancy work, and her favorite Blenheim spaniel, Lilla Hookb. ; but even these sources of amusement did not prevent the involuntary expression of weariness in occasional yarns, and frequent pacings up and down the long empty room, wbere the formal hotel furniture had a com fortless and chilly look. Fellside, her ladyship's place in Westmore land, was the pleasure house which, among all her possessions, she most valued ; but it had hitherto been reserved for summeroccupation, or for perhaps two or three weeks at Easter, when the spring was exceptionally fine. The sodden determination to spend the coming winter in the house sear Grasmere was con sidered a curious freak of Lady Maulevrier's, and she was constrained to explain her motives to her friends. ' His lordship is out of health,' she said, 'and wants perfect rest andretirement, Now, FeUside is the only place we have in which he is likely to get perfect rest. Anywhere else we should have to entertain. FeUside is out of the world. There is no one to be enter tained.' 'Except your neighbor, Wordsworth. I suppose you see him sometimes?'' 'Bear simple-minded old soul, he gives nobody any trouble,' said her ladyship. 'But is not Westmoreland very cold in winter ?' asked her friend. Lavy Maulevrier smiled benignly, as at in offensive ignorance. ' So sheltered.' she murmured. 'We are at the base of the felL Loughrigg rises up like a cyclopean wall between us and the witd.' 'But when the wind is in the other direc tion V ' We have Habb Scar. You do not know how we are girded and defended by hills.' 'Very pleasant,' agreed the friend, ' but for my own part I would rather winter in the south.' Those terrible rumors which had first come upon the world of London last June, had been growing darker and more defined ever since, bnt still Lady Maulevrier made believe to ignore them ; and she acted ber part of un consciousness with such consummate skill that ' nobody in her circle could be sure where the acting began and where the ignorance left off. The astute Lord Denyer declared that she was a wonderful woman, and knew more about the real state of the case than anybody else. Meanwhile it was said by those who were supposed to be well informed that a startling mass of evidence was accumulating against Lord Maulevrier. The India House, it was rumored, was busy with the secret investiga tion of his case, prior to that public enquiry which was to come on during the next ses sion. His private fortune would be made answerable for hi; misdemeanors — his life, raid the alarmists, might pay the penalty of his treason. On all sides it was agreed that the case against Lord Maulevrier looked bl^ek as Erebus ; and still Lady Maulevrier looked society in the face with an unshaken courage, p.nd was ready with smiles and gracious words for all comers. Arjd now came a harder trial, which was to receive the man who had disgraced her, lowered her pride to the dust, degraded fie name she bore. She had married him, not loving him — nay, plucking another love out of her heart in order that she might give her self to him. She had married him for posi tion and fortune, and now by his follies, by his extravagance, and by that greed of gold which is the natural result of the spend thrift's habits, he had gone near to cheat her out of both name and fortune. Yet she so commanded herself as to receive him with a friendly air when he arrived at the Dolphin on a dull, grey autumn afternoon, after she had waited for him nearly a fortnight. James Steadman ushered in his lordship, a frail attenuated looking figure, of middle height, wrapped in a furred cloak, yet shiver ing, a pale sickly face, light auburn whiskers, light blue eyes, full and large, but with no intellectual power in them. Lady Maulevrier was fitting by the fire, in a melancholy atti tude, with the Blenheim spaniel on her lap. Her son was at Hastings with his nurses. She had nothing nearer and dearer than the spaniel. She rose and went over to her husband, and let him kiss her. It would have been too much to say that she kissed him ; but she sub mitted her lips unresistingly to his, and then they sat down on opposite sides of the hearth, 'A wretched afternoon,' said his lordship, shivering, and drawing his chair closer to the fire. Steadman had taken away his fur-lined cloak. 'I had really underrated the dis agreeableness of the English climate. It is abominable,' 'To-day is not a fair sample,' answered ber ladyship, trying to be cheerful. ' We have had some pleasant autumn days.' ' I detest autumn ! ' exclaimed Lord Mau levrier, ' a Beaaon of dead leaves, damp, and dreariness. I should like to get away to the south of France as soon as we can.' Her ladyship gave him a scathing look, half scornful, half incredulous. 'You surely would not dream of leaving the country,' she said, ' under present cir cumstances. So long as you are here to answer all charges no one will interfere with jour liberty, but if you were to cross the Channel ? ' ' My slanderers might insinuate that I was running away,' interrupted Maulevrier, ' al though the very fact of my return ought to prove to everyone that I am able to meet and face this cabaL' 'Is it a cabal?' asked her ladythip, look ing at him with a gaze that searched his soul. ' Can you meet their charges ? Can you live down this hideous accusation and hold up your head as a man of honor.' The sensualist's blue eyes nervouslyshunned inat iook or earnest interrogation, jus ups answered the wife's spoken question with a lie, a lie made manifest by the expression of his countenance. ' I am not afraid,' he said. His wife answered not a word. She was assured that the charges were true, and that the battered rake who shivered over the fire bad neither courage nor ability to face his accusers. She saw the whole fabric of her life in ruins, her son the penniless successor to a tarnished name. There was silence for some minutes. Lady Maulevrier sat with lowered eyelids looking at the fire, deep in painful thought. Two perpendicular wrinkles upon her broad white forehead— so calm, so unclouded in society— told of gnawing cares. Then she stole a look at her husband as he reclined in his armchair, his head lying back against the cushions in listless repose, bis eyes looking vacantly towards the window, whence he could see only the rain- blurred fronts of opposite houses, blank, dull win dows, grey suited roofs, against a grey sky. Ha lia^l lujin a. lian^Anma mn.Ti am? tia ^&a; handsome still, albeit premature decay, the result of a dissipated evil life, was distinctly marked in his faded face. The dull yellow tint of the complexion, the tarnished dimness of the large blue eyes, the discontented droop of the lips, the languor of the attitude, the pallid transparency of the wasted hands, all told of a life worn threadbare, energies ex hausted, chances thrown away, a mind aban doned to despair. ' You look very ill,' said his wife, after that long blank interval, which marked so unnatural an apathy between husband and wife meeting after so long a severance. 'I am very ill. I have been worried to death — surrounded by rogues and liars— the victim of a most infernal conspiracy.' He epoke hurriedly, growing whiter and more tremulous as he went on. 'Don't talk about it. You agitate yourself to no purpose,' said Lady M&nlevrier;, not unkindly, but with a tranquility which seemed to indicate supreme coldness, yet which might be the result of suppressed feeling. ai you are to race mis scanoai nrnuy ana boldly next January, you must try to re cover physical strength in the meanwhile. Mental energy may come with better health.' 'I shall never be any better,' said Lord Maulevrier testily; 'that infernal climate has shattered my constitution.' ' Two or three months of perfect rest and good nursing will make a new man of you. X have arranged that we shall go straight from here to Fellside. No one can plague you there with that disguised maliciousness called sympathy. You can give all your thoughts to the ordeal before you, and be ready to meet your accusers. Fortunately, you have no Burke against you,' 'FeUside.' 'Yes. You know how fond lam of that place. I little thought when you settled it upon use — a cottage in Westmoreland with fifty acres of garden and a meadow— so utterly insignificant— that I should ever like it better than any of your places.' ' A charming retreat in summer, but we have never wintered there. What put it into your head to go there at such a season as this 2 Why, I dare say the snow is en the tops of the bills already.' ' It is the only place I know where you will Eot be watched and talked about,' replied Jbady maulevrier. ' iou will beoutol the eye of the world. I should think that con sideration would weigh more with you than two or three degrees of the thermometer.' ' I detest cold,' said the earl, ' and in my weak health ? ' ' We will take care of you,' answered her ladyship ; and in the discussion which fol lowed she bore herself so firmly that her hus band was fain to give way. How could a disgraced and ruined man, broken in health and spirits, contest the mere details of life with a resolute, high-spirited woman ten years bis junior. The earl wanted to go to London, and re main there at least a week, but this her lady, ship strenuously opposed. He must see his lawyer, ihe urged ; there were steps to be taken which could be taken only under legal advice— counsel to be retained. If this lying invention of Satan were really destined to take the form of a public trial he must be jjicjjtueu mi ugiis uiB iubb vu weir own ground. 'You can make all your preparations at Fellside,' answered bis wife, resolutely. 'I have seen Messrs. Rigby & Ryder, and your own particular ally, Rigby, will go to you at Fellside whenever you want him.' ' That is not like my being on the spot,' said bis lordship nervously, evidently much disconcerted by her ladyship's firmness, but too feeble in mind and body for a prolonged contest. ' I ought to be on the spot. I am not without influence ; I have friends, men in power.' 'Surely you are not going to appeal to friendship in order to vindicate your honor. These charges are true or false. If they are false your own manhood, your own rectitude, can face them and trample upon them, un aided by back-stairs influence. If they are true no one can help you.' ' I think you, at least, ought to know that they are as false as hell,' retorted the earl, with an attempt to wrm.int.ftin his dignity. ' I have acted as if I so believed,' replied his wife gravely. ' I have lived as if there were no such . slanders in the air. I have steadily ignored every report, every insinua tion—have held my bead as high as if I knew you were immaculate.' 'I expected as much from you,' answered the earl coolly. 'If I had not known you married you.' This was his utmost expression of gratitude. His next remarks had reference solely to his own comfort. Where were Mb rooms, at what hour were they to dine. And hereupon he rang for his valet, a German Swiss, and a servant eut of a thousand. Chapter IIL— On the Wrong Road. Lord and Lady Maulevrier left South ampton next morning, posting. They took two servants in the rumble, Steadman and the footman. Steadman was to valet his lordship, the footman to be useful in all emergencies of the journey. The maid and valet were to travel by heavy coach, with the luggage— her ladyship dispensing with all jtenonal attendance during the journey. The first day took them to Rugby, whither 4-Ttcvr 4-r-nTrti.MaA anwtoo n#\n»*4-a*vr Vtwr CTr«11S_ _««... J and Oxford. The second day took them to Licbfield. Lord Maulevrier was out of health atd feeble, and grumbled a good deal about the fatigue of the journey, the badness of the .weather, which was dull and cold, east vinos all day, and a light frost morning and fcigbt. As they progressed northward the fkjlcofceogrejej-, the air became more biting. Hie icidtLip insisted upon the stages being shortened. He lay in bed at his hotel till noon, and was seldom ready to start till two o'clock. He could see no reason for haste ; the winter would be long enough in all con science at Fellside. He complained of raj eterious aches and pains, described him self in the presence of hotelkeepars and head waiters as a mass of maladies. He was nervous, irritable, intensely dis agreeable. Lady Maulevrier bore his humors ?with unwavering patience, and won golden opinions from all sorts of people by her devotion toahusband whose blighted name v&s; Ihe common talk of England. Everybody, even in distant provincial towns, had heard of the scandal sgainst the Governor of Madras ; arid everybody looked at the sallow, faded Auglo-Indian with morbid cariosity. His lordship, sensitive on all points touching bis own ease and comfort, was keenly con scious of this unpleasant inquisitive ness. The journry, protracted by Lord Maulevrier's languor and ill-health, dragged its slow length along for nearly a fortnight ; until it seemed to Lady Maulevrier as if they had been travelling upon those dismal, flat, un picturesque roads for months. Each day was so horribly like yesterday. The same hedge rows and flat fields, and passing glimpse of river or c&naL; The same absence of all beauty in the landscape— the same formal hotel rooms and smirking landladies — and so on till they came to Lancaster, after which the country became more interesting— hills arose in the background, even the smoky manufacturing towns through which they passed without stopping, were less abomin able than the level respectability of the Mid land counties. But now, as they drew nearer the hills the weather grew colder. Snow was spoken of, and when they got into Westmoreland the hill-tops gleamed whitely againBt the leaden grey of the sky. ' You ought not to have brought me here in. such weather,' complained the earl, shivering in his furs, as he sat in his comer cf the travelling chariot, looking discoa tfntt dly at the gloomy landscape. *' What U to become of us if we are caught in a snow storm?' 'We shall have no snow worth talking about before we are safely housed at Fellside. and then we can defy the elements,' said Lady Maulevrier, coolly. They slept that night at Oxenholme, and started next morning, under a clear, bright sky, intending to take luncheon at Winder mere, and to be at home by nightfall. But by the time they got to Windermcrc the sky had change to a dark grey, and the people at the hotel prophesied a heavy fall before night, and urged the earl and countess t© go no .further that day. The latter part of the road to Fellside was rough and hilly. If there should be a snowstorm the horses would never be able to drag the carriage up the steepest bit of the way. Here, however, the earl's obstinacy came into play. He would not drag out another night at an hotel so near his own house. He was sick to death of travelling, and wanted to be at rest among vunuurtavM? aurruuuuuiga* 'It was murder to bring me her,' he said to bis wife. 'If I had gone to Hastings I should have been a new man by this time. As it is I am a great deal worse than when I landed.' Everyone at the hotel noticed his lordship a white and haggard looks. He had been known there as a young man in the bloom of health and strength, and his decay was par ticularly obvious to these people. ' I saw death in his face,5* the landlord said afterwards, Everything, even ber ladyship's firmness and good sense, gave way before the invalid's impatience. At three in the afternoon they left the hotel with four horses to make the remaining nineteen miles of the way in one stage. They had not been on the road half an hour before the snow began to fall thickly, whitening everything around them except the lake, which showed a dark leaden surface at the bottom o$ the slope along the edge of which they were travelling, too suiien ior speech Lord Maulevrier sat back in his corner, with his sable cloak drawn up to his chiD, his fur travelling cap covering head and ears, his eyes contemplating the whitening world with a weary anger. His wife watched the landscape as long as she could, but the enow soon began to darken all the air, and she could see nothing but that blank blinding falL Half way to Felkide there was a point where two roads met, one leading towards Grasmere, the other towards the village of Great Langdale, a lonely cluster of humble habitations among the hills. When the horses had struggled as far as this point the snow was six inches deep on the road, and made a thick curtain around them as it fell. By this time the earl had dozed off to sleep. He woke an hour after, let down the win dow, whichlet in a snow- laden guBt, and tried to pierce the gloom without. 'As black as Erebus!' he exclaimed, 'but we ought to be close at home by this time. Yes, thank God, there are the lights.' The carriage drew up a minute afterwards, add Steadman came to the door. 'Very, sorry, my lord. The horses must have taken a wrong turn after we crossed the ? bridge and broaght us here. And now the men say they can't go back to Fellside unless we can get fresh horses, and I'm afraid there s no chance of that here.' ' Here I' exclaimed the earl, ' what do you mean by here ? Where the devil are we ?' 'Great Langdale, my lord.' A door opened and let out a flood of light — the red light of a wood fire, the pale flime of a candle— upon the snowy darkness, revealing the panelled hall of a neat little rustic iun ; an eight- day clock ticking in the corner, a black and white sheep dog coming out at his master's heels to investigate the travellers. To the right of the door showed the_ light of a which the chiefs of the village were enjoying their evening. 'Have you any post horses ?' asked the earl discontentedly, as the landlord stood on the threshold, shading the candle with his hand. ' Kb, sir. We don't keep po3t horses.' ' Of course not. I knew as much before I asked,' said the earl. ' We are fixed in this dismal hole for the night, I suppose. How far are we from Fellside ?' ' Seven miles,' answered the landlord. ' I beg your pardon, my lord ; I didn't know it was your lordship,' he added hurriedly. 'We're in sore trouble, and it makes a man daft like; but if there's anything we can do ? ' ' Is there no hope of getting on, Stead man?' asked the carl, cutting short these civilities. ' Not with these horses, my lord.' ' And you hear we can't get any others. Is there any farmer about here who could lend us a pair of carriage horses?' The landlord knew of no such person. 'Then we must stop here till to-morrow morning. What infernal fools those post boys must be,' protested Lord Maulevrier. James Steadman apologised for the postil lions, explaining that when they came to the critical point of their journey, where the road branched off to the Langdales, the snow was falling £0 thickly, the whole country was so hidden in all-pervading whiteness that even he, who knew the way so well, could give no help to the drivers. He could only trust to the instinct of local postillions and local horseB : and instinct had proved wrong. The travellers alighted and were ushered into a not uncomfortable-looking parlor ; very low as to the ceiling, very old-fashioned as to the furniture, but spotlessly clean and en livened by a good fire, to which his lordship drew near, shivering and mutteringly discon tentedly to himself. ' We might be worse off,' said her lady ship, looking round the bright little room, which pleased her better than many a state apartment in the large hotels at which they had stopped. 'Hardly, unless we were out on the moor,' grumbled her husband. ' I am sick to death of this ill-advised, unreasonable journey. I am at a loss to imagine your motive in bring ing me here. You must have had a motive.' ' 1 had, answered i_.aay iuauievrier, wwn a freezing look. ' I wanted to get you out of the way. I told sou that plainly enough at Southampton.' ' I don't see why I should be hurried away and hidden,' said Lord Maulevrier. ' I must face my accuser sooner or later.' 'Of course. The day of reckoning must come. But in the meantime have you no delicacy? Do you want to be pointed at everywhere?' 'All I know is that lam very ill,' an \- swered her huabpnd, ' and that this wretched journey has done me a great deal of harm?' ' We shall be safe at home before noon to morrow, and you can have Horton to set you right again. You know you always believed in his skill.' ' Horton is a clever follow enough, as country doctors go, but at Hastings I could have had the best physicians in London to see me,' grumbled bis lordship. The rustic maid- servant came in to lay the table, assisted by her ladyship's footman, who looked a good deal too tall for the room. 'I shan't dine,'' said the earL 'I am a great deal too ill and cold. Light a fire in my room, girl, and send Steadman to me ' — this to the footman, who hastened to obey. ' Ycu can send me up a basin of soup pre sently. I shall go to bed at once,' He left the room without another word to bis wife, who sat by the hearth, staring tbougbfully at the cheery wood fire. Pre sently she looked up, and saw that the man and maid were going on with their prepara tions for dinner. ' I do not care about dining alone, said her ladyship. ' We lunched at Windermere, and I have do appetite. You can clear away tbose things, ana bring me some tea.' When the mble furniture had been cleared and a neat little tea-tray set upon the wnite tlotb, Lady Maulevrier drew ber chair to the table. 8L-d took out her pocket- bock, from »bich bhe produced a letter. This she read more than once, meditating profoundly upon its contents. 'I am very sorry he has come home,' wrote her correspondent, ' and yet if he had staved in India there must have been an in vestigation on the spot. A public enquiry is inevitable, and the knowledge of his arrival in the country will hasten it on. From all I hear I much fear that there is no chance of tbe result being favorable to him. You have asked me to write the unvarnished truth, to be brutal even, remember. His delinquencies are painfully notorious, and I apprehend that the last sixpence he owns wiil be answerable. His landed estate, I am told, can also be con fiscated, in the event of an impeachment at the House of Lords, as in the Warren Hast ings caee, before the Commons. But as yet pobody sc- ins clear as to the form, which the investigation will take. In reply to your eEquiry as to what would have happened if his Joroship had died on the passage home, I believe I am justified in sayiug the scandal would have been allowed to die with him. He has contrived to provoke powerful animosities both in the Cabinet and at the India House, and there is, I fear, an intention to pursue the enquiry to the bitter end.' Assurances of the writer's sympathy fol lowed these harsh truths But to this polite commonplace her ladysbip paid no attention. Her mind v^as intent on bard facts, the dismal probabilities of the near future. 'If he bad died apon the passage home !' she repeated. 'Would to God that he had eo died, and that my son's name and fortune could be eaved.-'9 The innocent child who had never given her an hour's care ; the one creature she loved with all the strength of her proud nature— his future was to be blighted by his father's misdoings— overshadowed by shame and dis honor in the very dawn oMife. It was a wicked wish — an unnatural wish to find room ic a woman's breast, but the wish was there. Would to God he had died before the ship touched an English port ! But he was living, and would have to face his accusers — and sbe, his wife, must give him all the belp she could. She sat long by the waning fire. She took BothJEg but a cup of tea, although the land lady had sent in substantial accompaniments tc the tea-tray in the shape of cold ham, new laid eggs, and hot cakes, arguing that a traveller on such a night must be hungry, albeit disinclined for a ceremonious dinner. She had been sitting for nearly an hour in almost the same attitude, when there came a gentle knock at the door,and,onbeinghidden to enter, tbe landlady came in with some logs in her apron, under pretence of replenishing the fire. ' I was afraid your fire must be getting low, my lady,' she raid, as she put on the logs, ard swept up the ashes on the hearth. ' Such a dreadful night. So early in the year, too. I'm afraid we shall have a hard winter.' 'That does cot always follow,' said Lady Maulevrier. 'Has Steadman come down stairs?' '? Yes, my lady. He told me to tell your ladyship that his lordship is pretty comfort able, and hopes to pass a good night.' ' I am glad to hear it. You can give me another room, I suppose. It would be better for his lordship not to be. disturbed, as he is very much out of health.' 'There is another room, my lady, but it's very small/' ' I don't mind how small, if it is clean and airy.' 'Yes, my lady. I am thankful to say you won't find dirt or stuffiness anywhere in this house. His lordship do look bad,' added the landlady, shaking her head dolefully ; ' and I remember him such a fine young gentle man, when he used to come down the Bothay with the otter hounds running along the bank— deshiDg in and out of the beck— up to tiis nnees in tae water — and now to see him, so white and mashiated, and broken-down lite, in tbe very prime of life, all along of living out in a hot country, among blacka moors, which is used to it — poor, ignorant creatures— at.d never knew eo better. It be a bard trial for you, my lady,' ' It is a hard trial.' ' Ah 2 we all have our trials, rich and poor,' sighed the woman, who desired nothing better than to be allowed to unbosom her woes to the grand-lookiog lady in the fur-bordered cloth pelisse, with beautiful dark hair piled up in clustering masses above a broad white forehead, with slender white hands on which diamonds flashed and glittered in the fire light, an unaccustomed figure by that rustic hearth. ' We all baye our trials — high and low.' ' That reminds me,' said Lady Maulevrier, looking up at her, 'your husband said you were in trouble. What did that mean 2' 'Sickness in the house, my lady. A brother of mine that went to America to make his fortune, and seemed to be doing so well for KriA firtf. fivo *M» aiv VAaro o.n/4 «r«*ntA ViAma such beautiful letters, and then left off writing all at once, and we made sure as he was dead, and never got a word from him for ten years, and just three weeks ago he drop3 in upon us as we was sitting over our tea between the lights, looking as white as a ghost. I gave a shriek when I saw him, for I was regular scared out of my senses. ' Robert's ghost,' I cried ; bnt it was Robert himself, come home to us to die. And he's lying up stairs now with so little life in, him that I expect every breath to be his last' 'What is his complaint?' 'Apathy, my lady. Dear, dear, that's not it. I never do remember the doctor's foreign names.' ' Atrophy, perhaps.' ' Yes, my lady, that was it. No doubt such words come easy to a scholar like your lady ship.' 'Does the doctor give no hope ?' ' Well no, my lady. He don't go so far as to say that the case is hopeless. It all de pends, he says, upon the rallying power of the constitution. The lungs are not gone, and the heart is not diseased. If there's rallying power Robert will come round, and if there's isn't he'll sick. But the doctor says nature will have to make an effort. But I have my own ideas about the case,' added the land* lady, with a sigh. ' What is your idea ?' 'That the stamp of death was on our xCobert when he came into this house, and that he meant what he said when he spoke of coming home to ' die. Things have gone against him for the last ten years in America. He married and took his wife out to a farm in the bush, and thought to make a good thing out of the farm with the money he'd accumulated up to then. But America isn't Westmoreland, you see, my lady, and his knowledge stood him in no stead in the bush; and first he lost his money, and then he lost a child or two, and then he lost his wife, and he came back to us a broken-hearted man with no wish to live. The doctor may call it atrophy, but I call it what the Scripture calls it, a broken and a wounded spirit.' ' Who is your doctor?' ' Mr. Evans, of Ambleside.' ' That little half blind old man,' exclaimed her ladyship. 'Surely you have no confi dence in him?' all the doctors in London could do anything for Robert. Good nursing will bring him round if anything can ; and he gets that, I can assure your ladyship. He's my only brother, the only kith and kin that's left to me, and he and I were rare and fond of each other when we was young. You may be sure I don't spare any trouble, and my good man thinks the best of bis larder or his cellar hardly good enough for Robert.' ' I am sure you are kind and good people,' replied ber ladyship gently, 'but I should have thought Mr. Horton, of Grasmere, could have done more than old Evans. However, you know best. I hope bis lordship is not gcing to add to your cares by.beinglaidup here, but be looked very ill this evening.' ' He did, my lady, mortal bad.' 'However, we must hope for the best. Steadman is a splendid servant in illness. He nursed my father for years. Will you tell him to come to me, if you please. I want to hear what he thinks of his lordship, and to discuss the chances of our getting home The landlady retired, and summoned Mr. Steadman, who was enjoying his modest glass of grog in front of the kitchen fire. He had taught himself to dispense with the consola tions of tobacco, lest he should at any time make himself obnoxious to her ladyship. Steadman was closeted with Lady Staulev rier for the next half -hour, during which his lordship's condition was gravely discussed. When he left the sitting-room he told tbe landlord to be sure and feed the posthorses well, and make them comfortable for the night, so that they might be ready for the drive to Fellside early next morning. ' J-o you think his lordship will be well enough to travel?' asked the landlord. ' He has made up his mind to get home — ill or well,' answered Steadman. 'He has wasted about a week by his dawdling ways on the road ; and now he's in a fever to get to Fellside.' (To be continued.; 