The Czar of Russia. The following description of the auto crat of all the Russias is from the New York Sew:—The Emperor who has recently been crowned at Moscow is Gft. high, and is deep chested and broad shouldered. His light grey eyes resemble those of his mother's relations at Hesse Darmstadt more than his father's, the late Emperor's dark blue eyes (such as the French call blue black), which are to be seen in the pictures of Alexandria L, Paul, and Peter the Great. In figure and style he is also like his uncle, the late Grand Duke of Hesse Darmstadt. The shape of his head, which is above the average size, like most of his family, is rather peculiar. His forehead is high. A small mouth, with extremely good teeth, which he only shows when he laughs, is his best feature. His hair is auburn, and his complexion very fair. In St. Petersburg he is always attired in uniform, but when on a holiday he wears the black and white shepherd's plaid, such a favourite with English noblemen, a black tie, white hat, but no gloves (though he carries them), ring, or watch. That he has been no carpet soldier is evident from the marks of frost bites on the third and fourth fingers on his left hand, and a scar on his temple, where a Turkish bullet grazed his head. Sir William Robinson, the Governor of South Australia, is reported by telegraph to the Hkrat.T) to have spoken as follows on the subject of federation in the course of a speech at a banquet given last week in his honour—There are two important questions which I may touch upon. These are the questions of federation and annexation. You know that the Imperial Government have not been able so far , to approve of the action of Queensland in annexing New Guinea. I do not . think because on this question the Home Go vernment did not at once agree with the action of the colonies, that umbrage should be taken in the colonies. The Im perial Government not only considered the question as being of particular in terest to colonies like Australia, whose interests are dear to the Home Govern ment, but has considered as well the in terests of the Empire as a whole. This question of annexation, as all oihere of a similar character which may at times arise, will in the end be settled wisely in the interests of the Empire. At all events it will be considered by the Government. with a practical desire to arrive at a set tlement which will be satisfactory to the colonies concerned. As regards federa tion, 1 think you all know I am an ad vocate of federation ; but think we should not try for too much. What you want is means for joint action between the colo nies, so that you could speak in what I call a federal voice on matters common to the whole of them. I would not advocate it at present, because I do not think that complete federation of the colonies, such as we have seen in Canada, is attainable. In the first place, I do not think it is necessary for the good of the colonies that their individuality should be des troyed. I would bp sorry to see Adelaide reduced into a mere provincial town, and' our statesmen into mere provincial states- j men. It is possible to establish federa- i tion in matters common to all, and that result ought to be the outcome of the i approaching conference. I want to see the colonies united in joint action, so as j to speak with authority when making their feelings known upon such subjects as annexation to the Imperial Govern ment. The Parliament of Western Australia was prorogued on Saturday afternoon. The Vice-regal speech said that the Crown agents will be authorised to arrange pro visionally with Sir Julius Vogel or Mr. Anthony Hordern for the construction of railways from York to Eucla, and from Beverley to Albany. The revenue is in a very satisfactory state, the balance having been raised to £95,000. The speech is regarded as moderate in tone and judi cious. Arthur Coates, a bogus squatter, was arrested at Sandhurst, on a charge of hav ing victimised a tradesman in Melbourne of £3000, by having represented himself to be the owner of several stations near Sandhurst. He obtained a, buggy from Messrs. Stevenson and Elliott without payment. On their authority. he was ar rested, and brought up at the City Court j on Monday, and remanded for a week. Mr. Dibb8 and Mr. Abbott were hospi tably received at Gundagai on Saturday. Mr. Bibbs expressed himself astonished at the extent of the splendid agricultural land through which he had passed. The E. News reporter adds a sort of side com ment to that statement thus:—"Mr. Dibbs was not however informed that not | an acre of this land is available for settle-J ment, as it was all locked up in the hands of about three persons, having been ac- j quired cither by auction purchases or se lection." Mr. J. Henniker Heaton gave a pic-nic to the pressmen of Sydney Last Saturday. The Maldon correspondent of the Ab GUS gives the following particulars of an assault on a female who was mistaken for | a ghost:—A few nights ago Mrs. Miller was returning home, and, whilst waiting for a friend at a street corner, was passed ! by a young man, who, after going past | her a few yards, returned, knocked her down, and struck her, giving her two black eyes and inflicting other injuries. Before leaving, he told her he thought he had given her enough. On reaching home she informed her friends, who at once communicated with the police, but, as she could not give any description of the person who assaulted her, the matter re mained a mystery. Reports had for some time past been current that ghosts have been seen in the neighbourhood of the place where the assault took place, and the following morning a young man who de livers milk in the neighbourhood appeared as usual, but with a bandaged and help less hand, and informed his customers that he had been fighting with the ghost. This morning, on hearing that Mrs. Mil ler's case was in the hands of the police, he at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that she was really the ghost he had attacked, he offered a most abject apology. It is not known whether this has been accepted. The case of Doneley v. Halloran, con cluded in the Queensland Supreme Court on Monday, is unique in its way, of which the following abstract is given in the Bris bane Courier :—" John Tyson Doneley, who is now a grazier living on the Darling Downs, was in 1876 the manager for Mr, Tyson, and wished to have a selection on Beauara station dummied ; John Hal loran, a shepherd in liis employ, agreed to do the work. The actual agreement be tween this highly respectable pair was that Doneley should lend Halloran all the money necessary to take up the land, on the understanding that when the latter was in a position to sell lie should sell to Doneley, receiving for his trouble £100 and the cancehnent of his debt, or if he : sold to anyone else he was to pay Doneley the money lent. Halloran, having com pleted the conditions and acquired a cer tificate for his land, turned round on his associate—' rounded on his pal,' is, we be lieve, the phrase used by persons engaged in transactions of this land—and refused to let him have either land or money. Doneley accordingly sued for the money, and the defendant, though not denying that he had received it, set up a defence which virtually amounted to the statement that the whole transaction was illegal, and therefore could not be made the basis of a suit. His Honor the Acting Chief Justice, in a judgment which strongly expressed his disgust for the whole transaction, gave a verdict for the plaintiff." At the Deniliquin Police Court, on the 3rd of September, J. E. Kynaston was ; charged with unlawfully beating his daugh ter Lilian on the previous day. From the evidence given in the court it appears that something occurred to irritate the father, whereupon he seized an axe, broke into his daughter's room, and struck at her. Fortunately the other members of his fa mily prevented the blow falling as di rected, and the girl Lilian was merely struck with the broad side of the axe and stunned. The defendant was overpowered and his arms bound with rope by members of his own family. The Bench were dis posed to commit the prisoner, but at the intercession of the members of his family, ordered him to find two sureties of £100 each and himself in £200 to keep the peace for six months. 