OUTWITTING TIIE JiRI " GANDS. (From Chamber's Journal.) It was on such a morning as wo fog-nurtured islanders seldom witness at home, that I stood upon the deck of the good steamer Coumoundouros, watching the hearing shores of the Pineus, which as all the world knows or should know, is the port of the classic oity of Athens. The beautiful unclouded sky ; the bright outline of the sun-bathed coast; the air laden with the scent of the distant Hymet tus; the far eminence with the grand old Acropolis standing out white and bold in the clear atmosphere; and close at hand the mouldering tomb of Themistocles—all com bined to arouse such poetic fancies in my mind, that I forgot for the moment the pro saic business upon which I had come. The screaming engino of the buBy littlo railway which carries the traveller from the Pirasus to Athens, soon reminded mo, however, that I was accredited with a mission from a Londen Greek firm to their friends in the Attic city ; and I was soon whirling over tho sacred ground Whero History gives to every rood a pngo ! We passed tho monuments of thoso doughty champions of the War of Independence, Karaiskakis and Miaulis, and many other objects of interest; and after a ride of three or foor miles, I found myself at my destina After tho first few days, I certainly had a very pleasant time of it, tho few hours’ work each day acting only as a stimulus to my varied pleasures; and having examined tho Acropolis, and lunched by tho fallen pillar of Jupiter, seated myself in tho ruins of tho Pnyx—whence Demosthenes declaimed, and Pericles evolved his plans—I looked around like Alexander, for more worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my gonial but un washed host, Kyrie Antonio Pericles Pappa demetracopoulos—who, although Plato was to him a text-book, and the sayings of Socrates as familiar as tho story of Tommy and Harry to an English schoolboy, was al ways as dirty as a sweep—upon the pro priety of betaking myself to where The mountains look on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sen. For one might as well go to Egypt without visiting the Pyramids, or to Romo without entering St. Peter's, as to ‘ do ’ Greece and leavo Marathon unexplored. And when my host tried to dissuade mo by assuring me that a Greek gentleman’s ear had been sent a fortnight before by Hie brigands to his obsti nate relatives, to hurry tho negotiations for his ransom, it so roused my blood, that I vowed I would go if I returned as close cropped as an English terrier. So away we started—myself and Themistocles, tho son of my host, n sallow unshaven youth dirtier than his father—mounted upon two high spiritod donkoys, our revolvers well primed, and our commissariat well stocked. ‘Adios Kyrie 1' shouted my long-named host as we cantered off. ‘ Never fear,' I replied, waving my revolver defiantly, and feeling that I should bo greatly disappointed if the rascals did not show them selves. On wo wont, enjoying the scenery and hold ing a hybrid conversation—ho in broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek— until in tho excitement of tho ride, and tho glorious panorama constantly unfolding itself to our view, I entirely forgot that there were such beings as brigands in existence. ‘Now,’ said I to Thomistocles, after a rido of somo hours, during which my appetite had bocomo unpleasantly sharpened, 1 lot us look about for a spot whero wa can bivouac in comfort.' We soon found a delightful place, slioltercd all round, save whero, through a small open ing, wo obtained a viow of a charming land scape. Dismounting, and allowing our animals to refresh themselves on the grass, wo soon made havoc of tho good tilings wo had brought. I was lying upon my bade smoking a cigarette after tho meal, gazing dreumily at tho bluo firmanent; and being too lazy to rise, had called upon Themistoolos to pass tho bottle. * Has the follow gone to sleep?’ thought I, Htill indisposed to turn my head. ' Thun is tooles |1 But Thsmisloolcs heard in* n»t; and wh«» I raised myself upon my elbow, I saw him standing, as if struck dnmb and motionless with fear, staring upon tho oponing. Instinc tively 1 leaped up and clutched my rorolver; but before I took a step.jthojcauso of Themis toclos’ fear became apparent; and threo shaggy forms bohind three blunderbusses aimed direct atjmo, made me fully aware that I was in the preseneo of those scourges of Greece, tho brigands 1 But oh I what a motamorphosis 1 Whorchvcro tho natty green jackets with silver buttons, tho plumod hats, nnd the tout ensemble of tho brigands of my youth, of tho operas] and the picturo-books V Threo ragged, disroputablo-looking figures, clad in greasy sheep-skins and dirty clothes, unkempt, unshaven, took tho place of those tinselled heroes, and with stern gestures nnd muttered threats, ordored us to follow them. My first thought was resistance; but when I showed tho slightest signs, tho three boll mouthod;muBkots woro bent towards mo; and I felt that tho odds wero too many, and deter mining to await events, grimly submitted to bo led down the mountain by our unsavory guides. At last, after winding through ravines and hollows, across glens and over mountain paths innumerable, this most unpleasant journey ended by our guides calling a halt as we gained tho summit of an eminence sur rounded by trees and tall rocks, forming an extraordinary natural fortress. Beneath our foot, in a deep ravine, with seemingly but one outlet, and _ oxcellently sheltered by over hanging foliage, was the camp of tho bri gands ; and here wo found the rest of tho shaggy ruffians—with the exception of ono who stood sentinel—enjoying their siesta with indolent content. A shrill whistlo boo* broughtjtho rascals to their feet j and rushing up to meet us, they displayed a 'dozen of as unfavorable speci mens of the human race as could well bo found. Seizing our asses by their bridles, they relieved our captors, and led us down tho ravine; and having roughly assisted us to dismount, brought us into tho preseneo of tho chief of tho band. ‘Bravo, lads I excellent, excellent!’ ho shouted, as his sparkling eyes bent upon us in delight; and after a cursory examination, wo wero conducted, amid tho excited gesticula tions of the brigands',and without undue cere mony, into a dark cavern within tho ravine. ‘ Shiver my maintops I ’ exelaimod a voice as I groped my way in ; 1 they might give us sea-room, the vagabonds, and not land us in this lubberly creek; and now they are shov ing more eraft in to anchor 1 ’ ‘Haul in, Jack, old chum I’ answered another; ‘ we must make the best of a bad job, mate.’ To say that my heart leaped to my mouth at hearing such unexpected words, and find ing myself in tho company of my own countryman, would no moro than describe tho cheering sensation that thrilled through ‘ What cheer, mates? ’ I oried in the dark ness. Answering exclamations of astonish ment greeted my words; and in a few minutes our storios were told ; and I learned that my now-found friends wero the Captain and supercargo of a Bhip then lying in the port of the Piricus, who, seeking a like object, had met with a similar fate to my .‘And now, said Captain Jnck Jenkins, 1 how are wo to gel out of this scrape ? If I had Tim, and Joe and Giack Tom, each with a cutlass and a barking-iron here, we'd soon moke a passage, I’d warrant I ’ ‘ That’s alt very well,’ said Will Johnson tiio supercargo j ‘ but we haven’t. If I'd but the opportunity given me, I’d guarantee ’ Whatever the supercargo was about to say was cut short by the advent of two shock heads at the little opening of our prison, and two harsh voices calling us—as my guide Themistodes informed us—to partako of a feast; for we learned afterwards that the chief, in commemoration of having made such a good haul, had decided to allow us, his prisoners, to partako of the general festi vity. But as a.preliminary, we had to under go an examination as to our capability of paying the anticipated rausoms. First, wo wero relieved of our watches and rings, the Captain using ’ language rather strong for translation to these pages, to tho great amusement of his tormentors, who with simi lar gesticulations to his, endeavored to imi tate the sound of the Captain's words, which of course only added to his wrath and their hilarity. * You uncombed, dirty-faced vagabonds I ’ he shouted,1 if I had a few of you aboard tho Annie Marlin, I'd twist your ugly heads over tho yard-arm in tho twinkling of a jiffy 1 ’ . Of course thoy only laughed the louder at his impotent rage ; and I thought it quite as well that they did not understand the lan guage in which ho gave it vent. The operation of stripping us of our valu ables gave mo an opportunity to observe the appearance of my companions. Captain Jenkins was tho beau-ideal of an English sea man. In ago about thirty-five, of a large and robust build, a face broad, manly, and bearded, and limbs such as would delight a sculptor to copy. His height was nearly six feet; and he had an air of command about him which was doubtless bred of his occupa tion. Tho suporcargo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ten years younger; nearly as tall as his friend, strong and active; and take us altogether—for I am of no moan stature myself—we wero three men who, under any circumstances, would be no disgrace to our country; and if, any opportunity should arise for an attempt at an escape, I felt cer tain that wo should give as good an account of ourselves as any scratch three, here or Having satisfied themselves of tho:value of my late father's, watch, which I parted from with some emotion, and of the intrinsic worth of the Captain’s gold chronometer, as well as tho supercargo’s watch and diamond ring, we wore interrogated, through Themistodes, as to our means. For myself, the name of tho firm I was travelling for acted with a tolls manic effect upon them, and I was immedi ately assessed—notwithstanding my protesta tions—at threo hundred pounds. At this price, too, tho Captain’s freedom was valued; while the unfortunate supercargo—whoso business they persisted in confounding with that of owner of the cargo and ship—was unanimously voted to be worth twice our ransom. Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, if not to ours, wo were told to sit down and enjoy ourselves with what appetite wo could mustor. The smell of tho roast lamb and tho freshly baked meal-cakes, however, soon aroused pleasanter sensations, and dimmed for a timo tho memory of our griefs ; more especially as, under the apparent certainty of obtoining his booty, tho chief condescended to bo quite patronising towards us, carving tho joints himsolf for us, and delicately handing on the point of a dagger, our several portions. After wo had satisfied our hunger with tho more solid viands, wo wore regaled with dried fruits as dessert; and n large jar of a peculiar sherry-colored but bad-tasting wino of a re sinous flavor—which Themistoolos described as tho common wino of the country—was brought in and set down in tho midst of us. This wo told them wu could not drink; and the chief very gonorously ordered us a couple of bottles from his own particular stove, doubt less the proceeds of a.raid upon some well-to do houBeholdor. Will Johnson after a time managed to in gratiate himself in the favor ot out shaggy host and his frissds by bii genial happy man ■*' »»i frisk bssrisg, favoring the* company with sissy rsrasrks, which, translated by T'h«mlstoeles,evMentiy pleased them. When, too, by slelght-of-hand—in which ho was an adept—he performod some eimplo tricks, and cave them a music-hall songlwith a rollicking chorus, and wound up with a hornpipe ac companied by the Captain with a pockct oomb and a piece of paper, tho gonoral en thusiasm know no bounds, and the beetle browed vagabonds laughed till tho tears rolled down their cheeks. Will now beoamo on such excellent terms with them all, that he proceeded to take somo freedoms with them; and when lio snatched the horn from tho cup- bearer, and installed himself in the oilicial’s place, ladling tho wine out of the wide-mouthed jar and handing it round to the company, his triumph was complete. ‘ For heaven’s sake 11 said lie as ho passed us, ‘ don’t tako any of this stuff, and don’t drink much of your own.’ 1 Novor fear,’ said Jenkins,’[making a wry face; ‘ one tasto is sufficient.’ ’ And so Will went round with tho cup, mak ing a comical remark to this one, and a grim ace at that, until tho chief—cvidontly fearing from their hilarity that they-wero taking too much—ordered them to desist from drinking, and return to their several duties. Meanwhile, wo were sent back inis our dungeon, with a sontinol stationed at tho opening. ‘ Not a word,’ whispered Will, ns we settled down in our prison.—‘ Horo’s something, Captain,' he continued, 1 that belongs to you.’ ‘ Wily,', said the Captain in reply, ns Will handed him the article mentioned, ‘ this is a stopper out of my medicine chest.’ ‘l'» bo sure it is, Jack,' roturned Will; and I must apologise for tho liberty of tak ing your laudanum phial ; but my confounded back-tooth was so painful on board the ship last night, that I got up and look it, and luckily forgot to return it this morning. You must debit mo with the bottle and its con tents, for I dropped them botli into the vaga bonds’ wine-jar 1 ’ ‘ What 11 wo all exclaimed in a breath. ‘ Now, stop your clappers I ’ continued tho supercargo.—* Jack, you know I’m not bad at sleight-of-hand tricks. Well, in tho .first place, having contrived to secrete tlio bottle while tho blackguards were relieving mo of my valuables, and then having attained the posi tion of waiter, what was easier than to wriggle tho bottle down my sleeve, whip out the stop per, and drop tho lot into their swipes; giv ing tho bottle a crack and stirring_tho lauda num up, every time I dipped the horn into it I' ‘ Bravo, Will I ’ cried tho Captain, seizing his hand nnd giving it a hearty shake. 1 If that’s tho case, we’re safe ; for the black faccd rascals won’t wake up for a dozen liour3 I'll be bound. There! our guard has dropped off already! ’ And sure enough, the drowsy ruffian] had planted himself right across the opening and was snoring loudly, ‘ Now for it I ’ cried the impetuous Jack Jenkins, rising. 1 Hold hard !,’ said Will. ‘Let them get well off.’ So, setting ourBolves down £or halt an hour, we talked the matter over. At the end of this time, we sent the trembling Thcmistocles to see how lhing3 were outside; and after peeping over the prostrate sentinel, he gave us to understand that all were sleeping except three, and they were retiring to tho farther ond of the ravine, and would in a minute .be out of sight. ‘ Capital! ' said Will, with suppressed ex citement. 1 Now, each take a pistol and a cutlass from the fellows, and follow me.’ One after tho other wo stepped across tho sleeping brigand at the entrance, Will reliev ing him of his pistol, dirk, and i-blundcrbuss ; while tho Captain and I stood by’; ready to give him his quietus at the slightest sign of his waking. Then the four of us, gliding like ghosts, assisted ourselves to whatever weapons we could most easily lay hands upon; and aa ThemistocleB was not of muolr use for fight ing, we gave him tho bag containing our valuables—which wo found by the side of tho sleoping chief—as wellies several spare pistols, to carry. Picking our way without speaking a word, we advanced towards the opeu end of the ravine, and just as we turned round a jutting piece ofprock, wo saw the three senti nels, seemingly in earnest conversation ‘ Halt I ’ whispered Will. ‘ Now for a rush! ’ and each singling out his man and clutching his riflo by the barrel—for wo avoided tho noise of shooting—we sprang forward. Al most.simultaneously, and before tho onomy had time to observe us, we wero upon them, and three rifle-stocks descended upon three shook heads with such force, that two of the follows droppedpike stones. The stock of my riflo glanced off the hard head of my antago nist and crashed against tho rock. With a stifled cry, he turned; but in an instant my hand was upon his throat, and the sound died in his gullet; while with the strength of desperation, I dashed his head against the wall-like rock ; and after a struggle—in which he wounded mo with his dagger—he fell, from my grasp, apparently lifeless. ‘Now,’ said the Captain, ‘whore are tho donkeys?—Come, Greekyl’ he cried to Themistoeles ; ‘ bear a hand ;' and looking around, we ospied onr four animals just as we left them, bub with a brigand sitting by them. Here was an unlooked-for rencontre I Ho was fully a hundreds yards off, and to get at him, we should have to cross a small', plateau. ‘Leave him to mo! ’ cried Jenkins, prepar ing to rush forward, "r. But under the advice of tho supercargo, he stopped. Wo could have picked him off easily, but dared notj for tho noise of tho rifles. ‘ Hang it 1 ’ impatiently muttered Jenkins, ‘ we shall be trapped again, after all; ’ and without further parley, tho impetuous fellow started off, running on the tips of his toes, with a drawn cutlass in one hand and a pis tol in tho other. Just as ho was within a few yards of the brigand, the latter turned round, and seeing how matters stood, made for his rifle, which was leaning against a tree ’ a few - feet oil; but a rovolver hurled deftly by Will Johnson—for wo had all followed—catching him directly in the face, so effectually stopped his progress, that lie fell stunned to tho ground. ‘ Sou persist in doing all the work,’ said Jenkins as we came up to him. ‘ But quiok, lads ; off we go 1 ’ and in a moment we were on our asses, and under the guidance of our Greek companion, were making with break neck speed for Athens. Ui> hill, down dale, on wo went for a couple of hours without stopping or meeting a human being; then, just as wo wore about to crosB the summit of a mountain at which we had arrived, a harm loss-looking peasant wished us ‘ good-day,’ and was about to pass on. ‘ Seize him I ’ cried Themistcles ; ‘ he’s a scout.’ So seizo him wo did, for caution’s sako; and ns there wero no trees .near, we tied Ills hands and logs together, and left him begging for mercy. But there was no meroy in us, moro especially ns Themistoeles explained that there was such a ouriouB and mysterious connection botween tho brigands and villagers, that it was by no meanB unlikely—had wo allowed him to go free—he would havo hied to the nearest village and roussd a swarm of semi-brigands about us. Having travelled for four hours, and as our assos could scarcely got along for fatigue, wo called, a,halt 1 and after resting ourselves and watering our animals, we continued ■ our . journoy until, late at night, wo reached Athens, where, round the hospitable board of our host, we soon forgot on: troubles. >ev* 