THE tragic ode of BentlEm -trss exhibited in Its ghastly features during the late trial of THOMPSON, the Hawthorn station-master, end HUNT, the special train guard, for manslaughter, end tbe verdict of the jniy may not unfairly be interpreted to be a "verdict of guilty Bgainet the Kiilway Depsrtmeat. As is usual in each cases there was conflicting evidence submitted to the jury and unless: die report of the trial be incorrect, even -the judge's charge is conflicting with itself; for in one place the judge is made to Gay that Hunt ssld he left the Hawthorn station at '6:10, and in another that he said he left at 6.21, the proper time." BattiiiB may be only a slip of liie reportei'e, althongh it bardiy reeds like tme, and in any event it does not < bear on the mtteriil issnea. It does not appear likely that the guard could, in any aspectof thecase, as presented, havebeea convicted, as he obeyed tha orderof his superior officer, . the staiioh-msEter, THOSCPSON. Bat both guard and stationmaster were acquitted, and that verdict will be regarded by the common sense of the general public as a verdict against the department. There is no doubt that, technically, iiie stationmaster was to blame in'despatcfiing the special train before the arrival of the ordinary one due at the same moment, bat juries have to deal with larger considerations than merely technical ones, and ia so dealing this jury said the prisoners were not guilty. We put aside the guard altogether, as he acted under orders, athough it is conceivable that had he been a stronger man he would have" disobeyed his superior officer at all hazards rather than ran the greater tragic hazard of running his train into another coming towards him on a single line. Indeed, we do not remember a more lamentable conjunction of imbecilities and confusions than this one of the Hawthorn case, and 1 even if we accept the guard's statement, cited in one place by tbe judge, that he left the Hawthorn station at €.10, or eleven minutes before the appointed time, that only reduces the terrible hazard at the expense of a palpable breach of the general orders as laid down in the time-table. The greater duly, of course, was, from a moral point of view, for the guard to refuse to budge, and unless he be presumed to have suffered, as tbe station-master says ~ he himself did, from worry and overwork and physical disability, it is~clear that disregard by the guard of Ins technical duty would have been the obviously safe coarse in the interests cf human life. It is nseless, however, to speculate now npon that aspect of this sad case. The station- master blundered, the guard obeyed orders, the two trains ran into each other, and WILLIAH COZENS : THOMAS , was killed, &nd;», divers other, passengers were mere . or less Injured. The guard pleaded obedience to his superior officer; the superior officer admitted error, but pleaded in bar of punishment that lie was suffering from physical debility, which also affected his mental condition, and that tbe traffic necessitated exhaustingly Ion. hours of duty. He had "Obtained sick leave a little time before, but was not recovered, and be feared to ask for another leave 01 absence. It was shown in evidence, that be had worked sixteen or seventeen hours that day, and it stands to reason that that .is too much for a strong" hale man, let done a man just returned from sick leave, and not restored to health. Of course, the department ought to sse that Its responsible offic&s; are capable in all waysfor ihardiecharge of their duties, but it can hardly beheld responsible for the incapacity of ill-health that is not brought under its notice. It is, howBver, responsible for regulations that enforce, such long honra of duty, and "it is obvious tbat . men, in , such serious positions as atati6n4n3SteiB on a busy Hoe, and; at-s time of unusual and eves chaptic compl.uaition. Bhonld not be kept on duty so - long to deprive,-the public «l that •rigilariee eaitd vigor which bro indispensable to thefiropar disc&aige; ofethe important duties of position. .. FiSt eo tQncb,.theziI r we taus&. hold the "verdict of- the jury Bs. a virtual condemnation of the department. But that^ia by no meanft tiie : onlyarthechief gnrnniof «ccmati<m< against the railway ^aithoritiefl. 4Che public u aware that nnder Mr Brara erratic and autocratic adftanisix&tion; of tie department, the wildest things have been perpetrated, -and he or hu t3uel officers^must cettainly hejD^acded as mainly involved wader the ^verdict of acquittal passed npon the atation^ mister aad guard. The verdict In fact,-to be read in two ominous words aos. How far Hr may be, by Ins ignnnnt s^ftm and blustering arrogance^ JwwwwBy w^soosiMe for the reckless •dministntioa of the Hawthorn at the tbme in qnestlon, we sannot r undertake to detennine. Bat |ho paHic feel that * hatch of lunatics fraah out boot Bffl- LWthqm aiwMek fh&fainf; . on •bbovf alinn, •bn -fitam were «n up ml a down lino In work; bat this e what! One line closed, no block or staff system applied, no proper semaphore available, special trains added to the ordinary traffic, and a new time- tableissued just at that time, to further disturb tbe arrangements, and that time-table not issued till tbe •rery eve of its coming into actual use. Such a massing of recklessness and confusion was, - we undertake to say, never known before on any line in Australia: and it is obvious tbat the jury in the manslaughter case concluded that nnder Each fearful conditions the department, and not the accused officers, were morally responsible for the disaster. IN this conclusion the general public will concur: and i: die ghost of the slaughtered man ever does walk, it may surely be imagined visiting tbe man or mes whose reckless administration of the department . brought about the tragedy. TBE Government that is to be—for the moribund Government tbat is will s, soon be dead—will, no doubt, lend a favorable ear to the request embodied a resolution adopted at the last meeting of 'the Sevastopol Borough Council. In that resolution, the council asks that the drainage area reserve within the borough may be cancelled, as the maintenance of the reserve prevents settlement. It might be assumed as almost adequate warrant in itself for the cancellation that the local governing body desired the area to be relieved of the reserve embargo, because no body should so well know what is best for the locality as the local body holding municipal jurisdiction over it; but it is not difficult; to add to the bare request of the council a few reasons for its concession. The reserve was thoughtfully made at a tame when there was a hot agitation afloat for a scheme of drainage of the , whole plateau, and there was at that time a general concurrence In the wisdom cf the action taken; for it was felt, in the hopeful ardor of the time, that the drainage scheme might' be carried out, or at any rate be started, without much delay, and that the rush of new compensation-seekers should be forestalled by the proelamationof thereserve. Besides, theagi tation was ata time when Ssbastopol was nnder a cloud, and residence areas were being abandoned by miners; who were compelled by the dulness of mining to seek employment elsewhere. .Sat since then, things have changed. The drainage question has cooled down, and there has been a mining revival, followed by a return of many families who would like to occupy portions cf the reserved area which may never be required - after all for drainage purposes. At all events the boroogh council reasonably desires that settlement within the borough may not be indefinitely obstructed by what may turn out to be only an unrealisable project, and that, drainage or no drainage in the future, settlement in the actual present may be made possible. We most say that we concur in the council's expressed desire as disclosed in the resolution to which we have referred. Not that we wish to see the drainage scheme abandoned, fcr we hold that it may yet have to be seriously taken in hand, and possibly before very long, but because we do not see why settlement may sot go on, subject to the public rights, in relation to a possible scheme of drainage. There can be no substantial difficulty in the way of relaxing the proclamation so far as to allow of residence areas being taken up, either as on ordinary Crown lands, . but within such limiU only as may be agreed on by the council and the Government, or leave may bs given to take op residence areas anywhere at the settler's own risk as to future necessity of removal without compensation. We have no doubt tlf&t; when tbe council comes to lay the whole case before the Government, a way will be found of meeting the views of the council without permitting the growth of any serious embarrassment to any drainage scheme tbat may be undertaken in the future. The railway arrangements in connection with tbe Eisteddfod alford one mope instance of the muddling capabilities of the Railway Department. Over a week since Hr T. Williams and Mr J. B. HmnSiray waited on the offiscrs of the department, and made arrangements by which competitors and visitors to the Eisteddfod could obtain erwirmon fares on presentation of their Eisteddfod tickets at the stations, camples of which were left the office of the department. Oa Tuesday and yesterday mornisg, hoanevsr, at SteweU and all other places, on the Bistcddfbd ticket being presented in order to procure «xsars«>n tickets, the holders were told that the officials at the stations had got no intimation whatever of any such arrangement. -This state of things waa very annoying indeed, and it appeared that no word of the amsgemeais bad been sent from headqaarien to the statioa-inisleiz; bsncc tbe bungle. Yesterday word was received from thta department tbat matters bad been rectified, bat of cgotsc it was too late, as nearly all the visitors and the competitors came oa Tuesday to see aud take part in the firstday of tbe Ifoteddfed yet terday. . An accident happened to the half-past one train from "Batlaxat to Maryborough yesterday. "To the train was attached a track of satis, aad evidently with the oscillation of: the train some of raerails became didedged from their positions and protruded over the side of the track'; then, in passing tbe Nb. 8 ga*e, c3rried away portion of it and knocked dow^tSe pnts at the No. 9 gate, two of the rub actually going into the gatekeeper'* boose, and injuring ~lti( wife and-daaghter, thefonRer rather serioosly. After this the train ' w^s ppUedspand the nils removed tmeaOatauik.• " .. i : !Che W^efe "E«ied4fbd, held in cetebnati« rf St Uira'i Day, was most aoccessfolly fniiHtt^nced yesterday in the Mechanics' ^ H«teddfoa wia ttt "iiiD-. tay ia Cfte Academy of Moaio, wb«c{«s this as 8k liivid'a Day) animmenae attendaorr," mrfnrting viators Jfrom all parts ofthe colony.'i* expected. In tbe eveniaga grand fconoertwill take pUce at the Academy, at wbich the snece^nl competiton dnriog tbc two 3aji%ill perfonn, and Missea Alice BessandaCffi. Daviea wHlring. A toll report of yeaterday^ proceedings, including tbe foB-Wi - will be found In mnn. We were yesterday shown the id medal, value £5 6v presented by Jau -lhn, as a prize for a pianoforte taoio, and it.ia certainly m very handsome ope A gold medal, presented by Miss Wnidnaoa,of Udboorae, and made byBrafhkad Drtnmnond. of Colhiia street. Melboorae, will becrhibited in Suttoo aad Co.'a window It is offered u apnze for »piano- What cation is bang attempted urou odfcftsvns who are oonspelled to do night doty, and rime preseace on Oa *tasd u> Stnrt atroet -is s ent uaraaon to tbe poblis. Oa ToeMsy evening bwt ahortiy be&remidaight;, wbentbe xam was oosing dem w torrents,«ba drivcm of ft* iKhBivP^VuMnibesrveUdn. 1883. Althoaeb it u at all times ut-^T ^ thebyeJawsihonldferiEassted, efaJ,nnder Rich conditions ea shore ntsted, of tbe caeetaUe ptrtaSes very raa "• oJ tae spiritcf " bamjilsdamr A baggy-accident occurred f j ^ 1 ^ Tc«day i«% whicb uBfort^tefTJ^^ « tbe death of a fine m « teeegng ™ i well as the almost total smash of the vdiide. It appears that Mr W. "Sowhile calling at Mr O'Eoiae's house at liotos, left ia horse in charge of. ilr Milne, who drove toavards -Skiptoo,* bnt when returning to Lintca tbe hcrse tamed co 6nddsnW~that Mr Milne was throws oat on hiB bead, and the animal gall-^ed through "Linton: fcowewaril bat while oa the road she tuned ami fell, breaking her leg oca damaging the bt^gy. The poor mare bad to be shot to p3t he oat of her misery, and the trap was brosght home in pieces. The raicstorra or- Toesdny eight baa had very beneficial efeeta both in town and conn try. Tbe uiinera have had their da-ns fill Ed, the farmers hail the downfall as ver timely, and in town and city the gattus and channels have been cleansed, and it is expected tbat the health of residents will bent tit -very much. Altogether, nearly If inches of rain fell on Tuesday night and yesterday,-a quantity which very seldom fall at this period of tbe year. After the rain, same Chinamen and others removed the sand which bad accamnlated in the chaanels in Main street; and sluiced it, with eminently satisfactory Tesslis. " * Humors hare been afloat daring ths past few days to the effect that, two hairdresser* in the city had announced their intention of opening their establishments oo Friday'after-1 noons, as previously. We yesterday interviewed the two tradesmen aliased to. and both were emphatic in then assertions tbat they hsd given co grounds for tbe rumor, asd that tbey were perfectlysatisfied with' tbe half-holiday as at present eajayed. Tbe woman polled cat of the gatter in Doveton street, during Tuesday eight's storm, came before the City Police Court yesterday momieg charged with drunkenness. The magistrates, however, thought she had suffered enough, and- discharged ber. - Mesas Macaw, Hickman, Eiggans, and Edwards, J. P., presided at the City Police Cccrt yesterday, when an intelligent looking nun named Thomas Ctvanagh, was charged with lunacy. Ooe of Cavanagh'ualleged hal- Inanstiona* was that there was erase bright light which it was necessary for him to follow. Constable Martin 'arrested Canuogh in Windermere street the previous day as mm; to be at large. Dra Bancv and Holthon°e certi£ed to the insanity cf Caxanagb, bat the patient, on being questioned by tbe becch, give such laccd answers, and made each clear and correct statemeats as to his previous, occupation and bodily.."condition, that the 'magistrates did not fed justified in committing h:m to a lunatic asylum, and, accordingly, adjourned the ecqn;ry for a week; Civacagh, in the meantime, to receive medicsl- comcorts-asd ttestaent.' Cavaozgh has for years, according to his ftaiemenV followed the oaenpation of a hawker in Balfarat, and bas been in the colony for thirtytwo years. The kindly action of tbe presiding magistrates is to be highly commended, as it is evident that tbe treatment to be meted to him will do more to ameliorate his condition than incarceration in a madhouse. The School of Mines is now in telephonic communication with other subscribers. Yesterday several messages were successfully passed to and fro. The vice- president availed himself of the opportunity to offer his ccsgratiilatao&s; on the facilities, conveniences, and advantages a&orded; by this means of istercocunnnicadsn. At tbe hose and ladder practice of the Ballarat firemen yesterday in Dana street, Mr P. Cockirara, one of the smartest members of tbe demonstration team, received a nasty blow in tbe face from' the ladder. He was conveyed to Dr Ridclifle'a, where be had his injury attended to. It is cot expected that it will preclude him from taking part in tbe demonstration. Mr Jacob Hollander, enr well - known townsman, who has .been on a trip to tbe home country, arrived at Adelaide oa Tuesday" in the Orient User Grphalonia. He v. iil be in Ballarat in a con pie of days, and we learn that tbe trip bas benefited his health immensely. Three or -four wearers cf "pigtails, residing in a bat at Little Bendigo, came in for more than their thare of tbe ill effects of the sterm on Tuesday night, as, without warning, their dwelling-house was blown over, and they were left ia tbe pouring rain. The hut seas, of course, of the flimsiest description; and its erection the next morning was nearly completed before breakfast time. Richard Wintie, an employ^ at Messrs Irving and Glover'a timber-yard, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for a scalp wonnd. He sustained the injury through a piece of timber falling npon him. In reference to the remand, at tbe Town Police Court yesterday, of a yonng miner named Richards, oo a charge of nesaultii Constable Hede, on Sunday, we are request to state that Richards, on hearing there was a warrant cut for him, gave himself op, and was at once bailed out. A meeting of the committee cf tbeBallarat Turf Club was held on Taesday night, at Craig's hotel. Mr L-mghlin occupied the chair, and there were al«o present Messrs B. Orr, R. Gibhings, and D. lirophy. The secretary was instructed to ask a3 future applicants for tbe use of the grand stand and course a deposit of £10, to be held 'as a guarantee that any damage will be made good, and if not made good to be used by tbe club for that purpose. The secretary was further instructed to call the annual meeting of the dub for Tuesday, tbe 14th March next. Mr ft. Gibbtngs wss elected treasurer, is-tbe place of Mr A. Wynne, who is visidng Kugland. Nothing was dccidcd as to tbe next raca meeting, as the present committee tbonrht it advisable to defer this matter, until the new committee is elected at the: annual meeting. There is every prospect, however, of the next races bring a success, ss Messrs M. Loughlm and N. Wilson hire in tnemoet liberal manner made tbe bacdsoms denatioos of £200, by tbe fora&r; lor a Handicap Steeplechase, and £100, by the latter for a Rxndicap Hurdle Race. With two such races to start with, there should be bo donht about the result. A vote rf thanks to the chrirmtp concluded the meeting. All gentlemen interested In tbe getting .up of a race meeting on the M intra' raecconrae frill be called together by Mr Buhlctt, the secretary, in a few days. The races will most likely be held either on Easter Monday or the first or eeeond Friday after that day, prior to Mr Loughlin leaving Balltftt&r; JScgland. A most Bu=cesaJaV entertainment was given at Bosky Lead on Friday evening, ths 23rd ultimo, ia aid of the prizs fund of tbe tool State school; Mr G.- Piullips in the chair. Mr L. Blair, trnant officer, having some time ago loudly vcluateered to ieeenre a company of vocalists, was socccsrfn! jnobtaining «e"yies3 ofth E Hisses Angose, Johns, and Gill,-'and Mens .Carroll, Ralph, Wild, Bark*d&2)ixxMi, and 'Cfaig, of Onnes, ' with Mr W.^U Bichardson, of SlUna, aa ae«oaspanyis^.^jba company went through, a varied wd iBtotdiiig (coigranune if eoegs and:duets.ifeii.inoet able mapper,fnnona being fnqn» At'tbe-cSoee of thc «o&ceri;» Mrs -Philitpb," with heir usntl boapitality, irovided an excelient spread for the perormert, after which -the acboolroom -waa. de&red;» aad daocang to excellent musie discoursed ty Messn Bidurdson (piauo) and Avisoo (vioHn), was Kept up with vigor tilt an early boor in the morning. The affair was a decided anncea^ finaniaally aad otherwise, aad was conducted in amost creditable . We have received Ss bom EEza for tbe EiWy family. Tbe benriit to tin jaaontataa fond of the City Kre^ Brigade will toke plaee at the Academy of Mme to-morrow erumog, when the beautiful comedy of "Still Waters Run Deep," and the old fun, "In 0ie Pigskin, 0 an .to be performed. Mr W. J. HoUoway will nodettalce the character of John Mfldiy, *nd tbe andjence, while witnesring an will have Cbe graSfieri«rfpaymg a grateful cwnpbment toour lire-ogbten, I^gbta o' lao^m," at lbs Academy of Music, on Moada'/ nestt ht3a bar to be a great auoeeH, jwiging by the interest displayed by the vtnrA* tHWt assemble daily iMnd U» windows rf Messes J. Harrison, Suttoo and Co., ff. B>de, and Lang, Bennie, and Ok, to a^miro cabinet portraits Trf the . itingtbsprincipalcbanctort _ in this tor most attiaetiVB tad sotwessfal drjuua *r/et presented in Australia. Tbe pictacr^ in qntajian ats exoellent apecimens abd rcfi=ct great credit ^ & Jlr'T. Cimct, "the celebrated phots, artist, who "'i ban exccot±d the »ork to toe order cl Mr W. J. Hollowxy. As so doubt many trill be anxioaB to eeccre some, it ha: been aIraDgeil that they may be parched at tte above cataWishiaentM Is<Lh. Thcycon- ^ ^ o{ J. Hollowly, Sir HoUoway, Mr OHy Decriag, Ndl O'BHen, MrJeJtt, Miss E^cJen^ Miss Constance Dcorwyc, Mies Cany George, aco ^several others. After the risingof the Legislative Aerom tdj ca Tcesd&y;, a meeting of tbe Co&stitn; tan tl party fceid in tbe roctc ect spiri fur ^Ministerial stipportere a£ distinguished froia tbe direct Opposition. At the comicecce.iieEt rf tie • proceedings (says tie Jrgtttj, thirty-two gentlemen were pixK-Dt aod thff jrnmber VIE iscressed by tbe snicat fn>t» tbe country of members like Mr Allan JI'Lesn, who did not reach Melbourne in time to be aworn in. Mr FeaixaSr who only ncxicrtcok to retain tbe lesdefEbip of cbe party m>t3 the genenl election wu over, now finally ivtired fren oSce, tbe fctitee? y bis health, as before explained, prevesticg bus from diechPi^og to-bis own Btfffadicn tbe ooenws cuacs appertauiisg to the posittoa. Hr Service, vrbo wu unaaimoiisly citascn to fi'l tiievacant moved a rtsclatian expressive of tbe bigh appreciation s the party bad of the long and feitcfri serticcs six Wtxsds bad reodend to tbe co&stiluticnal; caoae, and abo proposed that a committee be appointed to consider and arrange for some suitable manifeststiwi cf their esteem and fespect. The proposition was Cirried unamatoufily. Sir CHarlea MacMahoa, Mr Gillies, Mr Harper, Mr Walker, Mr Shiels, sod Mr Gibb were appelated to determine ait tbe beet mode of giving effect to tbe wishes of tbe meeting. The election of Mr Service to the leadership was moved by Mi- Kerferd, and seconded by Sir Charles MacMihcc. The desrand npon tbe Government for diamond drills baa been greatly rcdsced within tbe last few months (eay= tfce probably owing to the discomaging prospects obtained in some of tbe mines upon which boring bas been earned on. Tbe drill employed at tbe Clover Hill mice has been dismantled, and will be laid op in a room seenred by the Mining department in the old Government pdnticgoffice. Tbe Newiagton Company, StaweU, baa ceased using the drill lent to them by the Slicing department and tbe underground drill at Sandhurst is also at present annsed. In tbe meantime no fteab applications for the Icon of drills have been made to the department. As application was- made yesterday mar- i ning by Mr Cooper, SI-P-, to the secretary] of the law department for an inennse of allowance to the jmon engaged in taking evidence on t£e icqneat ia connection with t'necatasfcroplre at the Kew Ansttalwian mine, Oeswick. It was pointed out (ssya the Htrald) that a number of these jaiymen were miner*, who were compelled to provide snbstitatee in the claims in which they were engaged, and pay them at tbe rate ol seven shillings aad sixpence per cay. aad. that esnreqnentJy the fee they received—five shillings — t b s m a pecuniary las?. The secretary pointed oat that the jaryn.en in tbe two "recent inquests on railway accidents only received five shillings per day and, tbat there was no statutory provision for the remuneration of juries is existence cave for those attending ioqueits at the Pesal Department and -Igmatic Asylum. At the same time he suggested that if application were made to the Government, the fee ia the case mentioned might be increased to snch an amouut as would prevent the jurymen Eu˚ actual pecuniary loss ia the performance of their duty.. A sensational prediction by a Dr Wiggins, of Cnada, that a very violent etorm ia to pass over Australia cn the 10th proximo, was mentioned a few days ago in the Australian papers. The Chief Secretajy (says the Ar-iyi was requested privately to obtain the opinion of tbe Government astronomer on the matter, and yesterday be received the following from MrEilery:—" Observatory, Melbourne, 26th February, 1SS3.—Memorandum to tbe hoc. tbe Cnief Secretary. —Tbe paragraph referred to me is a copy of a prediction which has been sent nearly all over the wcrld by a Dr Wiggins, of Canada. The same of Dr Wiggins is entirely unknown to me in connection with astronomy or meteorology. It is possible that the predictor may have (as Las been frequently done* assumed that when the moon passes from north into ecuth dealinaticn at the time of new moon, near to her perigee, we bare sometimes considerable atmospheric disturbance, with high tides, and as such a condition of things will occur about the 9th, loth, and 11th of March, it appears to me likely that he bases his prediction on the fact. I do not, however, see any grounds in this for predicting extraordinary disturbance cf our atmosphere at the time referred to, nor do I consider it passible, upoa any scientific grounds, to predict atmospheric disturbances more than twenty- four, or at.most forty-right, hours ahead. I come to the conclusion, therefore, that the prediction in question is the dream of a visionary, or a wild guess as to the re: sultcf such a combination of lunar influences as I have referred to.—Roe. L. J. Elleev, Government astronomer." Bamors (writes tbe Wamsambool Standard] have been circulated to the effect that Mr J. J- Maddes will resign bis seat fcr Belfast in favor of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Mr Madden is too much in earnest to do any snch thing, and ha/definitely declined to be made a convenience of in this way. His supporters, moreover, would be strongly opposed to snch a step. The twenty-second annual meeting of tbe Order of Eccha'uitea (says tbe Telegraph) wa held on Tuesday morning, at tbe Temperance Hall, Russell street, Melbourne. There wise present the district officers and representatives from over 100 touts. Preliminary business having been disposed of, Brother W. Bell, D.S., re»d the report rf the district officers for the year ended December, 1SS2. From the financialetaiemtnt submitted, it appeared tbat tbe income for the year was £2574 4s 5d, and tbe expenditure £2130 15a, leaving a balance of £2-13 9*53. Th* total funds to tbe credit of the district are £ll,C3i 12s, and the total funds to tbe credit of tbe order in" Victoria nowam&uci; to£53,690, The detecti-r.^ sire still very reticent about tbe absence of some .£800 or £700 worth cf notes from the cash of one of the tellers of tbe Colonial Bank. It bas transpired (ssys the Herald} that there are some suspicious circumstances in connection with tbe matter. Tbe nctes were not missed until the teller's cash waa-countcd by tbe bask aulboritii It is farther stated tbat they had been put sride not to ba used again unless required for an emergency. There isagr^Lt deal of mystery made over tbe whole matter. Tbe Gordon correspondent of the Argvs. writing on Monday, says :—" I was vciy nodi struck, on the 22nd, ly the number of young lads, apparently about eighteen or ciitMeen years uf age, who appeared to be exercising tbe franchise on that day. I visited Grant, Balisrat East, BaBarat West, and Grenville, and. found wherever I went groups of boldsdi&oys; who were evidently m electioneering business. I mentioned these iactB jo a deputy returning ciScer, who informed ~me that without the slightest doubt combers of .minats voted at tiie late ejection. At the bosth presided over by this geatlemin- 1 -Korweiuguboora, in Grant— a ytraog ielimr presented his electoral right, aad. the returning of&cer;, noticing his juvei5!e : appearance, said—'" You appear rather yoong to have a vote; when were yoa nineteen T * I was nineteen last ApriL' 'Iha ;rou can return in two years' time, and-will 1 le allowed to vote.' Of course if tbe returning officer had asked the youth 'when will you be twenty-one?* too reply would doubtless have been, * I was twenty-one last ApriL 1 -" On Tuesday it was discovered for the first time {says the Argus) that Morley, e&c; of tbe processional members of tbe Hon, Iw> Bligb's team of English cncketers, bas-since bis arrival in Axtsferobabeen gaSaiEgfm a fnclnred nb. Staring tbe voyage of tbe cricketers to these ooknues it was- Umtil that Moriey snstained rather terns bnises and a shock t»£be cervoiissyStm.dsriqg a collision at sea. In the latter stages of {he tour, however, be bowled in sweat lsoportut matcbee^ bnt instead of improving in health got ateadSy worse. Oa Taesday it was - diammi that be was suffering, m Stated, from a fractored rib. The nature-of 1 j,,^ ^ ^ that nothing but tte greatest ^termination onald hare enabled Elm to continue his exeztiosz ao long as he hra dnnn. It baa transited tiiat there was a great dad of iubshm abomt a report put into orculabos, after Sir Bryan O Ligblet's defeat lorWest Bourkc, thit more than one of the few member* of thcCitbolic party «too had teen retorncd totoe ltousebadci>-valn>asly . rflered to rwlgn Unr-scats in U»or of ^ir j Bryan,. "Bie xeparfc (say* thu A^t) bas the afp^arance of bung thcmnvfinthB e feeler, but met with m . arpomtm^tc-f ,bt b ^ f r;dEKd t, . I r Z w ^ t * offer Jbw h'> ? 7 ^'aci^" 1 Bmtis ftecnly ^bS'Sif to retiresk,nJy, tellT^^^ii&T; a visit to E ^ Bryan OT^lJan o ^ ^ ^ bunself as a: cinQitsiT^^tfcg^ rfejtorate, k S h3 eW^ turns i fcr thsi dis^;^ . ^ t-i, 7 indeed. " ^ la refercoce to the Gnr* • Henry Scott, c-am.^jj t * "^is, v tije Argus a, folios ^ fctmatwo of the pnbfc. j > . ttat m the towrsbip of AnikS'L' 8^ . voters who would drs&anchued; by tfce 2 « m Charge cf tte roll ^ datTr 1 ting them on the roil. ™" be enquired into. Yocag, farmer, for trict." « Sr _Tbe frpvrttmci 553-5 g- ga- . fesve a young iellr.v stis^, • some woBjerful triik i, n®, i so close or: to these of H, chaopicB. as to make tfc;c,'5i^«,>U rezdy there are rumors of a th^m & punt. ^ k t i V Mr Alex. Miller, o! L-lzr, ,, Budge street, announces - ^ cclumss tha: his premises, alter ihe'kta fiTe.'S*®* pleted ly yaiwdav nrxr vZ: ^ with a^tarfid for tee season eott caEicg iZ Tradess wre invited in asotw Lake Bolacsohooi, r.-paia at Tn^.™?«> aad fencing AssotschKl. Tbe 1st B V.E. bind snU . Sturt street gardens [B other ^ ^ Friday evening. We remind subscriber totfceUfc^ monial sod other aympathism th-7:** t ing will take pWtbireve.i^-^ seven oV3o=k, at the Sloimt plSLr.^r?* n convened lor the evetia. n iSt * seven o'clock, at Bonn's ** Mr M'Borne; netiSeE his deote to eol-faists at Birdwtlrs, StarfSj ^ oonaing, at half-past ten, or latai,^ 