ENTHRONEMENT OF THE BISHOP OFADELAJPfi. t The ceremony of the enthronement of the Right Rev. George Wyndham Kennion, D.D.,as Bishop- of Adelaide,* has been looked forward to with the greatest amount of in terest by tbe whole of the religious com munity of South Australia, for by it the Uhuroh of England has placed at us head its spiritual leader and adviser, and an able worker has been added to the number of those who toil under the broad banner of Christianity. The interest in the proceed ings has been heightened by the reputation Dr. Kennion has brought with him of being a man possessed not only of a large amount of intelligence but also of a liberality of views, which is likely to make him popular with all denominations here as he was in England. When there a slight stir was also created through the ranks of total ab stainers when it was known that Dr. Ken nion, although not an abstainer, was at least a firm supporter of the temperance platform, for it was thought, and with reoBon, that to obtain an ally like the Bishop of Adelaide was to make a great stride towards tbe end sought to be obtained by teetotallers. But, as was to be expected, it was among the Bishop's own people that his arrival and enthronement attracted most attention, for they thoroughly recognised how much tbe welfare of the Church depended upon the tact and energy of the new Bishop. Tbe Diooese bad been so well managed in the past by Bishop Short, and bad, by his power of organization, been brought into so pros perous a condition, thatit was essential for it* future wellbeing that a man who was thoroughly abreast of the times ahould be chosen to govern its affairs, and the Church seems to have been fortunate in securing such a bead. Bishop Kennion does not at all belie the reports which have preceded him. His style ot pulpit oratory is such as delights the cultivated ear, his shoice of English is refined, and he is very fluent and entirely free from mannerisms. His voice is p'easant and clear-BOuading, reaching to all parts of the Cathedral. As an extem pore public speaker he also showed to equal advantage, and his presence is most attrao tive. The ceremony itself was most imposing, and no doubt drew forth from old colonists who were present s comparison with the simple induction service of Bishop Short, which took place thirty-five years ago, when trained choirs and ecclesiastical pageantry were probably not even thought of by the most ambitious South Australian Church man. The programme of the enthronement was as similar as it could be made compat ible with the altered state of things to that whioh took place when Dr. Wilberforce was installed ae Bishop of Winchester. All ar rangements for the ceremony were com pleted some weeks ago, and they have been given effort to by Oean Russel and Canon Dendy, who were assisted in musical matters by Mr. A. Boult. The proceedings constituted one of the most interesting ecclesiastical ceremonies which has ever been held in Australia, and in none of the other colonies has such a programme been carried out with greater success. The time advertised for the opening of the Cathedral doors was half-past 9 on Wednesday morning, but prior to 9 o'clock a large number of people bad assembled outside the building. When the doors were thrown open the crush was very great, and then was seen the wisdom of those who sug gested the adoption of the ticket syBU-m, for if it had not been put into operation the visitors could not have been so quickly and easily accommodated, while the crush would have been tremendous. People continued to pour into the building until a little past 10, when almost every available seat was occupied. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady Robinson, the Chief Justice, the Chief Secretary, the Private Secretary (Mr. E. W. Howard), and the Aide-de-camp (Captain Haggard), were accommodated with reserved seats in front of the nave, as also were His Worship the Mayor ot Adelaide, the Town Clerk, and the Synodsmen present. The mo&t; prominent feature in the cere* mony, apart from the actual enthronement, was the singing of the ehoir. That body is so well known for the excellent manner in which it renders' high-class ecclesiastical music that it was to be expected that on such a memorable ocsasion its ranks would be swelled to their fuU strengh, and that tbe musical portion of tbe ceremony would be thoroughly well rendered. That sueh was the case will be testified to by all who attended the service, and Mr. Boult must have felt gratified at tbe praises which were bestowed upon the singing. The anthem chosen was most appropriate, being Dr. Stainer's 'Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion,' which was composed for the installation of Bishop Wilberforce. It opened with a bright six-eight time chorus ' Awake, awake,' of about four pages in length, with some very striking progres sions on the third page, working up to a double use of the word ' Awake' in uniton, which formed a most effective ending. Then followed the quartette, *' How beau tiful upon the Mountains,' in which Master A. Everard and Messrs. J. Dean, T. Narro . way, and A. Boult took part. It was splen didly sung, and its composition showed Dr. Stainer to be a thorough contrapuntist. The tenors and basses then took up the re citative, ' Thy watchmen snail lift up the voice.' This is followed by a singularly beautiful chorus, ' Break forth into joy,' with a most pleasing theme, which, after masterly treatment in four time, suddenly developed into a three-time chorus, ending with a succession of ' Hallelujahs.' The musk in the Communion Service was also splendidly rendered, but owing to sudden illness Master Everard was unable to sing the 'Gloria in Excelcis,' which conse quently had to be taken by one of the tenors. In accordance with the programme, the clergy, the Wardens of the Cathedral, and the lay members of the Synod met at 16 o'clock in St.' Barnabas' College, whence the procession was to march to the Cathedral. The elergymen present were Dean Russell, Archdeacons Marryat end Dove, Canons Howell, M. A., Morse, Green, Dendy, IXD., Coombs, and Andrews, the Rev. F. R. Coghlan, B.A.,T. Field, M. A., M. M. Whitton, R. B. Webb, M.A., C. W. Hawkins, W. B. Sells, M.A., F. S. Poole, M.A., H. Howitt, W. H. Mudie, J. Leader, L.L.B ,C. G.Taplin, E. Jenkins, R. Kenny, M.A., R. Reid, S. Hinson.C H. Young, P. T. Whitington, A. Honnor, F. Willians. M.A., J. Houghton, W. J. Bussell, J. C, Haynes, J. W. Gower, J. M. Donaldson, Mathias, S. French, Orchard, W.S. Moore, E. K. Miller, andH.M. Pollitl. There were also present eight honorary Wardens and thirty-seven Synodsmen. At half-past 10 tha procession was formed in the follow ing order : — Honorary Wardens of the Ca thedral, Synodsmen, Choristers, Lay Clerks, Deacons, Priests, the junior clergymen go ing first, followed by the senior clergy, Canons Morse, Andrews, Green, and How ell, the Percenter (Canon Dendy), Canon Coombs, and Archdeacon Dove, Archdeacon Marryat, and Dean Russell ; then came the Bishop's Chaplain (the itev. A. G. Kaw storne) bearing the pastoral staff, and next him was Bishop Kennion, who in his turn was followed by the Registrar (Mr. A. Sturcke). The procession marched to the Cathedral, the choir and members of it singing Processional Hymn No. 392. On reaching the northern porch door the War dens and Synodstien formed into two files, between which the choir, clergy, the Bishop, and the Registrar jasseiinto the building. The cboir ranged themselves into their us ual places, 'and tbe' clergy moved upwards towards the organ gradual, where seats bad been provided for them, the BUhop being conducted to the Episcopal Chair on the chancel. Veraicles were then said, after which the Dean gave the following special Collect:— 0 Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who hast gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with Thy heavenly grace all Bishops and pastors that they may lead Thy people into good pastures, and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy servant, who has been in vested with office of a Bishop, we pray that ic may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith snd fervour of love and purity of life that he may use bis office well. So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will ftive Thee thanks for ever : Who with tbe Father and the Holy Ghost tiveth and reigneth one God. World without end. Amen. Then were sung the proper Psalms exxii, exxxii, exxxiii. At the conclusion of the Psalms the Bishop delivered to the Dean his letters commendatory from the Arch bishop of Canterbury, which the Dean handed to the Registrar, to be read before the congregation. The Bishop advancing to tbe centre of the chancel then made the following declaration : — 1 George Wyndham, Bishop ot Adelaide, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend tbe rights, privileges, And liberties of thli church and Diocese, and to role therein with troth, justice, and charity, not lording it over God's heritage, but endeavouring to ?how myself in aU things aa example to the flock. And this I will do, tbe Lord being mj helper. Amen. The Dean, accompanied by Archdeacons Marryat and Dove and the Percenter, then took the Bishop by the right hand, and conducted him to the throne within the altar-rails, and said the following words : — In the name of God, Amen. By virtue of my office as Dean of this Cathedral Church, snd in behalf of the Dean and Chapter and of. the Synod of Adelaide, I Alexander Russell, Bachelor of Divinity, do induct thee, George Wyndham Kennion, Docter of Divin ity, into the occupation of the See and Dio cese of Adelaide, and therewith do instal thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of tnia See in accordance with the fundamental provisions and regulations of this Diocese. The an hem. ' Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion,' by Dr. Stainer, having been sung, the Bishop then proceeded with the Holy Communion, the Archdeacon of Adelaide acting as Epistoler, and the Arch deacon of Flinders as Gospeller. After the Nicene Creed, Hymn No. 316 was sung, and then followed the sermon which was delivered by the Bishop. Immediately after the sermon the offer tory sentences were sung, during which the Wardens received the alms of the people, which on this occasion were devoted towards the completion of the Cathedral, and which were presented and placed by the Bishop upon the Holy Table. After tbe prayer for the Church Militant had been given by the Bishop the Holy Communion was proceeded with and completed. At the conclusion of the service the choir, clergy, Wardens, and Synodsmen reformed themselves into a pro cession and returned to St. Barnabas Col lege, where a number of addresses were presented to the Bishop, and the proceed ings were terminated. — Register. A country schoolmaster, who found tt diffi cult to make his pupils obaerve the difference in reading between a oomma and a full point, adopted a plan of his own, which he flattered himself would make them proficient in the art of punctuation ; thus, in reading, when they came to a comma they were to say tick, and road on ; to a colon or semicolon, tiek, tick ; and when a mil point, tick, tick, dak. Mow it so happened that the worthy dominie re ceived notice that the parish minister was to pay a visit of examination to his school, and as he was desirous that the pupils should show to the best advantage ha gave them an extra drill tbe day before tbe examination. 11 Now,1* said he, addressing bis pupilB, 'when you read before the minuter to morrow, you leava out the ticks, though you must think them as you go along, for tbe sake of elocution.' So far so good. Next day came, and with it the minister, ushered into the Bohoolroem by tbe dominie, who, with smiles and bows, hoped that the training of the scholars would meet his approval. Now it so happened that the first boy called up by the minister bad-been absent tbe preceding day, and in the harry the master had forgot to give him hia instructions bow to aot. The minister asked the boy to read a chapter in the Old Testament which he pointed out. Tbe boy complied, and in hia best aooent began to read — ' And tbe Lord spake unto Moses, saying tick, speak unto the children of Israel, saying tick, tick, and thus shalt thou say onto them, tick, tick, tick.' This unfortunate sally, in hia own style, acted like a sbowerbath on the poor dominie, whilst the ministex and baa friends almost died of laughter. 'On the Alert.'— Parson (catechising) — ? And what is your duty towards your neighbour ?' Sharp Boy— * To keep your eye on 1m, Sir »?— Funeh. A little girl in tbe Church at Ashland, Va., has been one of a band of workers to raise money to- complete their Church building. She bad earned by her owa work a considerable sum for a child, when a friend heard her express a great desire to own a canary bird. It was suggested to her that she could easuypurcbase one fronrber own purse. 'Oh,* she replied, ' I can't get a thing for myself while I have that Church on my shoulders.* 