The Epic of Hadas.* We believe that the first trials of poetical skill on the part of young men are made in blank verse. At first sight it seems to be the simplest of all measures, because rhymes are not needed. But it is really neither simple nor easy, and the writer is disap pointed when he finds how bald and devoid of interest his verses are ; then, if he has a true gift, and is con tent to study poetry with the zeal that a true worker brings to his work, he will see his error in time, will choose a lighter soil for his seed, and will reap an en couraging harvest, bhakspeare is a master or blank verse, for he knew how powerful it was in his grave themes, and he was able as but few others have been to avoid that fatal danger of versifying every thought that presented itself. Tennyson, the first of Victorian poets, is also pre-eminent here. To read the ' Idylls of the King ' is to traverse a marvellous palace ; we are subdued by the lofty grandeur of the place ; we are thrilled by the solemn music that rings around ; we stand tearful in the great gallery of pic tures. Men living now scarce hope to write as he has written, but they can admire and follow, and of these not the least in honour, and with a new message for us, is Mr. Lewis Morris, the author of the ' Epic of Hades.' For years the poem ?was published without a signature ; at length the writer has thought fit to give to the world a name that has been but poorly concealed in England. A new edition (the 14 th) was published a few months ago, and we are glad to say that it is in a cheaper form, for we know that the poem will now he appreciated more than ever, end, what is satisfactory to the poet and publishers, is selling well. Mr. Morris was born in Wales in 1833, and was educated for the bar. He practised for a short time, but finding his true sphere he has since 1872 devoted himself to literature. In 1876 the first part of ' The Epic of Hades ' came out as a modest volume ; but, a year later, the complete work was published. In the author we have a man who, although a student of the past, has been powerfully influenced by what he sees going on about him. At this time, if poetry is to 'come home to men's business and bosoms' — if it is to touch their hearts as with a live coal, and burn therefrom all the dross of low aims, and careless living — and what nobler work can it desire? — it must fear no ^problem of science and no cynical cui bono from the lips of the Epicurean. Mr. Lewis Morris is content to follow Mr. Tennyson, and to choose themes of higher import than the idle 6ingers of an empty day are wont to choose. 'The Epic of Hades,' looked at as a romance, is beautiful enough, but as a part of our philosophy it is worth the perusal and study of every thoughtful man. It is not our intention — much as we may wish it — within the limits of this article to treat the poem at all critically ; but if we are able to show what mas sive treasure is contained therein, we are sure that there are many who will not go short for want of digging. The subject is in one way an old one, con nected with tbe folk-lore of Greece, but the poet is no mere story-teller. He wishes to prove that this religion of the Greeks is indeed our religion in a simpler form ; that the troubles which came into their lives, the sins, the punishments, are our troubles, sins, punish ments ; that their hopes, their strivings, their rewards are ours likewise. He is led to forget modern life and moves once more upon the old Greek earth, and visits, * The Erie or Hides,' bv Lewis Morris, Hth Edition, Lon don ; C. Kcgan, Paul, and Co. as it seems to him, the places of the dead. By a few lines of powerful description he takes us- with him into the gloom of the 'sluggish wood' that is the prison-house of Tartarus : A twilight drear Brcodcd o'er all the depths, and filled the dank And sunken hollows of the rocks with shapes Of terror, beckoning hands and noiseless feet Flitting from shade to shade, wide eyes that stared With horror, and dumb mouths which seemed to cry, Yet cried not. The punishments of the doomed are thus described : They seemed alone. Those prisoners, through all time. Each soul shut fast In its own gaol of woe, apart, alone. For evermore alone; no thought of kin; Or kindly human glance, or fellowship Of suffering or of sin, made light the load Of solitary pain, Ay, though they waited Together, or were prisoned in one Cell With tbe partners of their wrong, or with strange esuls Which the same furies tore, they knew them not, But suffered still alone At first the onlooker is filled with fierce rerolt and hatred of the Fate that binds the prisoners fast, and in, it there is a personal interest, for he, too, is liable to bondage ; yet, even therewith, the thought comes that this is the pain of healing — this the method whereby unchanging law keeps the feeble liic that else Were spent on barren space. Loss must be atoned for; lessons of duty not learned on earth must be learned here in Hell. But the poet is even now in the presence of infinite torture ; his path lies right through the wood — a veritable Valley of the Shadow of Death — and, as he journeys, he sees much that he would fain have left unseen. There is Tantalus, careless, cruel, insatiable tyrant upon the earth, now athirst for ever; the pleasure he sought at all hazards he never attained unto ; how can he hope for aught in Tartarus ? There is Phaedra, like Potiphar's wife and the temptress of Bellerophon, filled full of unholy desire, face to face now with her thought and fatal outcome thereof. Sisyphus, the crafty, selfish king, who knew the pain of failure, here is compelled to bear the added sum of evils in his life like a great rock upon his shoulders. What can be more vivid than this ? — Then as I passed I marked against the hardly dawning sky A toilsome figure standing, bent and strained, Before a rocky mass, which with great pain And agony of labour it would thrust Up a steep hill. But when upon the crest It poised a moment, then I held my breath With dread, for, Io ! the poor feet seemed to clutch ? The hillside as in fear, and the poor hands With hopeless fingers pressed into the stone In agony ; and the limbs stiffened, and a cry Like some strong swimmer's whom the mightier stream Sweeps downward, and he sees his children's eyes ? Upon the bank, broke from him ; and at last, After long struggles of despair, the limbs Belaxcd, and as 1 closed my fearful eyes Seeing the inevitable doom— a craeli, A horrible thunderous noise, as down the steep The shameless fragment leapt. Clytaemnestra, he sees, also, an historic warning to ambitious, revengeful wives, murderess upon the fair face of Hellas, here railing and impenitent. Surfeited with horror, lie cannot bear to tell us more, and will not leave us without comfort, for he says that he passes out from the shadows n itli a deep voice ring ing in his cars : There is an End of Wrong, and Death, and Hell, There is an End. Here ends the first book, and in it we believe^that there are passages of dramatic power aB striking and original as anything in our language. From Tartarus he journeys to Hadc6, a land voice less and drear — a land of sleep and death ; here is no pain, but the fair, white souls of the departed moved a little by regret, gladdened a little by memory, await in quietude the ' beatific end.' Marsyas, the singer, whom Apollo slew, knows here How far high failure overleaps the bound Of low successes, and is glad. His words are the words of many a singer, since whom ' necessity, sheer hunger, early death,' have smitten : Not from arrogant pride, Nor over boldness fail they who have striven To tell what they have heard, with voice too weak For such high message. More it is than ease, Palace and pomp, honours and luxuries, To have seen white Presences upon the hills, To have heard the voices of the eternal gods. Andromeda saved from the monster-haunted depths of sea becomes for ub 1 type of life, saved in its innocence from the awful deep of wickedness by some ' golden soul half mortal, half divine.' Helen gains our pity for that the gods thought fit to mar her life with too much beauty ; Narcissus has won at last his own ideal love, and finds her name is Death. Medusa lives again, and we see the long curl6, writhed, Tangled, and snakc- likc— as the dripping hair Of a dead gill who, freed from life and shame, From out the cruel wintry flow, is laid Stark on the enow with dreadful staring eyes Like hois. Last Psyche comes to guide the traveller up from tke barren fields unto the place where gods and heroes sit, and the whole company of ghosts sweep by tlieoi.; chanting a wondrous song, the burden whereof is. The world of Lifo, The world of Death, are but opposing sides Of one great orb, and the Light shines on both. Oh, happy happy shade*, larcwcll! farewell! And so they pass away. We come to the end of the second hook, and feel how unable we are to do full justice to the purity, the beauty, and the strength of Mr. Morris' work. Actacon is a triumph of chaste art in these days wherein passion has to be sensual if it is to be praised by some of our finest critics. Wherever we turn we find spiritual insight and human tenderness commingling to make a music in our cars. But now it is a springtide land to which the poet come6, no chilling blasts visit it, 110 dark storm-clouds hang above it ; but in the valley ' winding streams, ripple in glancing silver,' and all about the woods, rings the sweet carolling of birds ; 110 night is here, for; Time disturbs it not. He says : ' -There in a happy glads shut in by groves Of laurel and sweet myrtle, on a green And flower-lit lawn, 1 seemed to see the ghosts Of the old gods. Upon a gentle slope Of a fair hill, a joyous company, The Immortals lay.' He sees Artemis, the virgin queen of purity Hercules, strength divine when unabused ; Aphrodit, love the spring and cause of tilings ; Athene, knowledge which lays bare their secret ; Here, calm duty, queen of all, and motherhood in one ; and Apollo, 'Youth, which hears Beauty of Form and Life and Light and breathes The breath of Inspiration.' Psyche, too, is divine, and is the soul, the part of God given to man, that it may in turn reveal the world and God. But Zeno he sees not, for in these fair forms the attributes of his omnipotent divinity he has seen all that mortal eyes can hear to see ; yet doth his soul yearn after Him, and in that yearning he is so uplifted with adoration that with a bound, in the twinkling of an eye he knows ' An Awful Effluence of Light, Formless, Ineffable, Perfect, burst upon him, And flood bis being round, and take his life Into itEclf . He sees bis guide bent down Prostrate, her wings before her face; and then No more. So ends his trance, and he awakes therefrom to look upon this world again, and now with more of hope and less of sorrow, ready and willing to find a reason for the perplexities of otur modern life. And after all our j life is not so hard that we should find no solace j therein. For while a youth is lost in soaring- thought. And while a maid grows sweet and bcautiiai, And while a springtide coming lights the earth, And -while a child, and while a tiowcr is born, And while one wrong cries lor redress and finds A tool to answer, fitili the woild is young. J. L. W. 