POLICE COURTS. ADELAIDE : aiONDAT, APRIL 16. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., J. Bees, P. Santo, and R. E. Lucv. .1 P ?« 1 Phuip CosteUo, btephen O'Lairy, John Alexander, Jiichard Bear, and Jvhn UcArdU were each fined 10s. for drunkenness. liridati Martin was fined 153. for rlrnnlronnwifl. John Johnson, laoourer, was uned £1 for drunK enness and exposure of his person in Uurrie-street. Elizabeth Wallace was lined £1 for being drunk and using insulting words calculated to proroke a breach oi the peace. John Lundy was fined 15s. for drunkenness and indecent language. John Eddy was lined £1 for being drunk. Catherine Woolcy, Auguita Field, and RotMx Kirlrpatrick were each fined £1 for loitering, -fcc Frederick Ilolmes and John Ileid were charged with having nu visible lawful means of subaiateuce. Sentenced each to two months' hard labour. Annie Foijijarty was fined £1 for drunkenness and indecent language. James Flaunujan, a lad, was fined £1 for using indecent language. ./o/m BennUt, labourer, was charged with neglect ing to comply with a maintenance order for his wife, Margaret Uennett. Ordered to pay the arrears (£1) and £1 fees Walter Thorn was charged, on the information of John Bradley, with stealing from him one sword bayonet, value 30:-., the property of Her Majesty's Uoverniutdit, at Adelaide on April 14. Informant stated that ho was a volunteer in the B Battery of Ai tiller}-, and was going home from parade when he was .stuck up by defendant and two other men. Defendant took his bayonet from the scabbard, and hauued it to one of the other men, who wont off with it ilavo not seen the biyquet since. By defendants- Was not gesticulating with the bayonet, or showing defendant how the rifle worked. Did not suy '1 am a Tipperary soldier, and if I had been in mo Zulu war I would have done some execution.' (Laughter.) Had had some beer, but was sober at the time. Laurence McGrath, fourteen years of age, stated that on last Saturday evening ho saw prosecutor . near the Shamrock Hotel, baw defendant take the bayonet from the prosecutor, and pretend to put it in again, but slip it. to a man behind him. liy de fendant — Bradley was not drunk. . He walked straighter than you. Police-constable Sayera slated that he arrested defendant in a closet off: Currie-street on Saturday night. Prosecutor was present. Told defendant the charge and cautioned him. lie replied in lilthy language. Had searched for the bayonet, but could not and it iu the neigh bourhood. By defendant — You were drunk aud had a crowd around you. His Worship remanded the case for a week. Sydney Barnes was charged with assaulting Waiter Bullough, at Hindmarsh, on April 9. Evi dence was given as to the assault, and defendant was fined £5. LIDEL CASE. Frederick Ilarcie Linklater, barrister, and William Barnet, proprietor of the Gawler Bunyip, were charged by Moss Samuel Solomon nitU pub lishing a libellous article in tho Gawler Bunyip of March 23. Mr. Wadey for tho prosecution, Mr. Smith with Mr. Mathews for the defence. The de famatory article complained of was as follows in an article headed ' Town Talk,' by Pelta :— 'Koine considerable time aco, not in the days when piratical opera- boutfe was all the rage at the Theatre Royal, and legs aud champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a daring but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of 'shoeing shometings for nodings, ma tear.' With this end in view the gentleman in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger-nail3, obtained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald's stabling, fron which vantage ground ho had an un interrupted view of the undraped window of the room wherein certain undraped young ladies were in the habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his Bight, until, in aa illstarred momenta brother tomcat uplifted hisvoice in aminor key at his elbow 1 The sound attracted the atten tion of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific e cream announced to the hopeless intruder that his dazzling shirt front and glittering diamond studs had been ' spotted.' Vainly ho strove to maka his way to terra frrma! Unnerved and gasping he hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from which perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and property man. But his troubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too ! They took him to their dressiug - room, and having plentifully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their ready powder puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion the old man raised his eyes and his hands and exclaimed, ' Holy Moses ! ish dat a ghost or a rolling-pin. . . . Now, you would hardly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentlemen. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for.' Mr. Smith produced a letter to the proDrietor of the Bunyip, demanding the name of the'writer of the article^ and giving a week for reply. Mr. Smith said he could show that the week of grace had been extended, and he therefore asked for the dismissal of Mr. Barnet. He quoted the case of H. E. Downer v. T. King and W. V. Smith, June 3, 1876. Mr. Wadey— What Smith ? We do not agree upon the facts. We deny that there was any extension of time. Mr. Smith proceeded to read the case, and pointed out that in the particular case quoted a letter of similar character to that referred to was produced in the case, and ths rule a3 far aa Mr. King was concerned was discharged on tho point. Mr. Wadey denied that there was any unfair ness in the case, and explained what had passed between counsel and the parties in the present libel case. Barnet ignored the second letter sent after the time of grace had expired. However, he proposed to withdraw as far as Barnet was con cerned. The case against Linklater proceeded. M. J. Stapleton, of Gawler, bootmaker, produced a copy of the Bunirip containing the alleged libel, and sent it down to Mr. Solomon. Mr. Smith — Is it not a nasty thing for any man to watch women dressing in whatever sphere of life they might be, whether they be tambour majors or minors. Wit ness — It is a matter of taste. It would not be my taste. Mr. Smith — And you a preserver of soles ! (Laughter.) Witness— I purchased a copy of the paper, and sent it to Mr. M. J. Solomon when he wrote for a copy. Moss Samuel Solomon, tho prosecutor, said— I am clerk to Mr. Raphael. Received the Bunyip of March 23, and handed it to Mr. Cox, the solicitor. Am also sergeant in B Battery, Port Adelaide Bat tery, and am of the Hebrew persuasion. ' Mr. Beddome asked why the latter qtestion was asked. Mi\ Wadey said it was the way the prosecutor wa9 referred to in the article. \ Witness continued— There are only abcat four ' Jews in the artillery, and only three in tba one I belong to. Major Solomon is the only Hebitw com missioned officer, and there are two Hebrew gunners. I have lately undergone an examination for a commission — on MarcU 29. I had sent U, my application three weeks before. I cannot romehber the date of the application for examination. I lave read the article. (Mr. Wadey put in the paper And the article was read.) My attention was called to the article on March 27. The last paragraph refers to myself. Received the letter produced from Colorel Mathewh. (The letter stated that the prosecuttr could not be recommended for a commission after what had passed). I have been refused a commis sion. By Mr. Smith— I have been in the force six years. , I do not know the ' six officers.' I know Lena Carty and Lena Gray. I have not boasted that I have been more than intimate with them. Mr. Smith — What would you say of a man who looked through a window at undressing- females? Witness— I should say that he ought to bo horse whipped. I have been chaffed about being the person referred to in tho Bulletin some tune ago. 'ihe name Solomon did not occur in the Bulletin. It was about two years ago. The ladies referred to as the 'six offictrs' -nore heie then. Mrs. Ford was one of them. She is here now. I did not ask her to say it was sonio one else. Mr. Smith— Did you not tell a person named Lsaac3. Is Isaic going to offer himself as an oblation for Solomon's sins. It was Abraham ia the old time ; now itis Isaac. (Laughter.) Witness— I did not. Never heard Mrs. Ford mention the circumstance of any one watching tho ladies dressing. I usked her about it. She was a child when I knew her first, and I thought she could clear my naino, as she, being con nected with tbo fatage, uight have seen the affair. There- aro very few others besides her here who were connected with that opera. I do not know whether she wa3 the one that screamed. I did not look through the -window Mrs. Ford used to be .Sophia Harris. Mr. Smith Can you say whethei she was present when a younir man and a tomcat were looking through c,t nude females? Witness— Iio, 1 cannot. I did not mention anytumg about the puff powdfirin' She told me wtat she knew about it ami I got a letter frou her, since tho article. She_ Haul nothing about Isaacs in tho letter I did not suggest Isaacs. I know a bookmaker named Isaacs. He was not the Inaacs. (The letter from Mrs. lord was produced, and was to the effect that Mr. feolomon was not the gentleman 'who wm discovered at the Theatre Hoyal on the occasion.) Mr. Wadey Bought to put the letter in. Mr. Smith tsaid it was very good Wadoy, but not good law. The letter was not evidence. Mr. Beddome said he did not soe how tho letter could be put in. Witness— The letter -was handed to mo by Mra Ford's mother. Mr. Smith— Who talked to you about Isaacs and not Solomon being powdered? Witness— fcome one said it was Isaacs. Tho lady said she thought it was. .1 did not suggest Isaacs to her. When I spoke to her I asked her if it was I, and she said ' rfo.' If she knew tbe person or if she would know the name if she heard it. I sue gested tho name of Isaacs, and phe said, r'Ye3.' It was cot Isaacs, the bookmaker I came to the conclusion that that v.-as the person by the description. Mr. Smith— You do not mean the Isaac who was offered np and the ram saved? (Laughter.) Witness— I am not hound to say who the pereon was. I hod several Isaacs in my uimiL I meant a young fellow employed at Isaacs' place hi Hindley-street. He is the son of Mr. Isiacs.who wsua, clothier one tune. I believe his name is Michael Isaacs. From Mn. Ford's description she meant the sam.9 person. I vent to several of the theatre hands, and they gave me the same description, bat did not mention- Isaacs. I would not swear that they did not. Last time I saw Isaacs was when he was going -away- ia a steamer for either Melbourne or Sydney. (Mr- Smith — 'I thought it waa an Isaacs who had gone away.') I cannot re member the date. It was not eight years before I knew Hra. Ford as a child. It was as near as I can say about three months ago. I bad not discovered then that he was the man who was powdered and puffed. The article in the Bulletin was that the person whose name pro claimed him to he of the Jewish persuasion had done. what was described, It waa not a month afterwards, and might have been the following week. I was chaffed by my military friends about it within two or three weeks afterwards in the Military Club. The only person I toofi notice of it to was Sergeant Itfnjor Lillywhite. I treated it as a joke. They did not seek to test whether there were any marks left by the ladies on my body. Did not remember being handled while I waa being chaffed at the Club. Would swear that any such thing waa not done. 1 very seldom get drunk. Do not remember having shown the photograph of a person of bad reputation whom I wished to take to a party to be given by th« Military Club. I remember there was a surplus after a ball. The members agreed to spend ihe money in a dinner, aud each officer was to bring a lady. The person I proposed waa not of bad character. Don't know if the motion brought in wa6 to exclude this person. May have boasted of having had connection with prostitutes and others. May have dons so for a lark Have been called by the nickname of ' B Battery Bam.' Why, 1 don't know. Have boasted of knowing one or two of the ladies known as the 'sis officers.' Will not swear I have not btasted of haiing had improper intimacy with tbemi. The article in the Bunyip wa3 read in the Non-Commissioned Officers' Clnb in my hairing. Did not adopt it ?with Mgns of pleasure. Those present thought H referred to me. This was after the case was in my solicitors' hands. I did not take steps with regard to the article in the Bulletin, be cause there was no direct reference- to me. Can swear the name of Solomon was not mentioned. It did not refer to a person in the volunteers. Have altered the appendages to my face two or three times. Some time ago I had small side whiskers. The having them taken off did not make me more like the Isaacs who has gone away. I did not get on tteroof of Mr. McDonald's stable to look through at the young ladies. Waa never powdered by them. Don't know whether I saw the 'Tambonr SIa-or' beie. Was never (inside the dressing-room. Never tried to see them dressing. Denied having done so to my comrades. Have contradicted the statement in the Bunyip to Sergeant Lillywhite. May have passed it off as a joke to Sergeant Stacy. I know Lena Grey If she saya I was the one who looked through tho window she tells an untruth. Cclonel Downes, Commandant of Forces of South Australia, deposed— Did not know the complainant in plain clothes. Sergeant Moss L Solomon, of B Battery Artillery, did apply for a commission in. the artillery within the last two or three months. Had seen the article in the Bunyip of March 23. It referred to three persons. The first portion referred to Sergeant Solomon, of the artillery (B Battery); the second portion to Lieutenant Daniels, of Adelaide Rifles; and the third part to Captain Cuitis, of the Adelaide Rifles. The commission was refused to Sergeant 11\. L Solomon, bnt he had passed bis examination, though he bad not yet been recommended by witness to the Government because of the article in question. By Mr. Smith — If any member of the force hadacted in the way indicated in the article he would deem it a lavour to know it, but did not care about being informed anonymously. Would have it from sudi a source rather than not know it at all. A few days before the article was shown to him com plaints referring to the same matter with regard to informant were made to witness. Should say that was previous to Good Friday. Benjamin Solomon, major commanding B Bat tery, stated that he knew the prosecntor, who held the position of sergeant in the same battery. He applied through witness for a lieutenancy. The article in question, which be had read, referred to Sergeant Solomon. By_ Mr. Smith— If a junior officer knew that a man in the battery was guilty of the conduct referred to he should communicate the fact to his superior officer. George Canill, stage carpenter at the Theatre Boyal ior fourteen or fifteen years, deposed that he remembered the ' Tambour-Major' troupe perform ing at the Theatre, and remembered that he heard of a man looking from a roof at the girls dressing. Witness brought the man in, he being given into Iiis hands by McDonald's ostler, and he was put intoaroombyMr. Harwood, and afterwards given into charge. Knew the complainant, and he was not the man as be now is. By Mr. Smith— It occurred about two years ago, and at the end of the second act. The man appeared a little lame, and witness caught him in the yard. Sophy FoTd, married woman, stated that her husband was wardrobe manager at the Theatre Boyal. Waa engaged at the Theatre when the 'Tambour-Major' troupe were here. Eemembered the drcumstance of a man getting on to McDonald's roof. The man was whitewashed. (Laughter.) It took place in the property-Toom. All the ladies of the opera were there. Looked on the same as the rest. Had an opportunity of noticing the man. Knew Mr. Solomon. He was not the man. Had known Mm five or six years. He used to reside near witness's house. By Mr. Smith— Was a child five or six years ago. Was engaged as an officer in the Theatre on a night in question. A man looked through a window, not through hers. Never saw the man or a tomcat on the roof. Waa dressed as an officer at the door of the property-room. The whitewashing was in the property-room. Did not know what part of it. There were eight officers at the door. Saw quite well. The officers were all crushed together close to the door. All who could get down were there. Did not hear the victim say anything. Knew who it was. Never had his name suggested to me. Mr. Solomon never sug gested the name Isaacs. Knew the gentle man's name was Isaacs. Solomon came and asked if she would give him a letter. He said there was a scandal against him, and showed the article in the Eunyip, and asked if I knew the gentleman. Believed Isaacs was here. Saw his brother or himself on Saturday night, the 14th. Had no conversation with him about this matter. The brothers are very mach alike. Have Been them separately. Did not know the first name of the one who was whitewashed. Solomon came and saw her twice about the letter. He came once for the letter. Had only conversed once about it Had not told Solomon of having seen the man who was whitewashed. Saw the man in question pass the stage-door whitewashed. Annie Smith, single woman, stated that she was engaged at the Theatre Royal during the perfor mance of ' The Tambour-Major1' troupe. Eemem bered the circumstance of a man on McDonald's stable roof. He was powdered in one of the rooms downstairs. Took no part in it Saw it done ; saw the man. The complainant was not the man. By Mr. Smith— Was a chorus singer that evening. Only knew the whitewashed man since he was powdered. There were many people in the property room. The gentlemen did the powdering. They bad commenced powdering him when sh« saw him first Saw him last Saturday night. Would swear she either saw him or his ghost Did not know who pointed him out. Was walking with Mrs. Ford. Saw no one about the case before her subpoena came. A reporter pointed out Isaacs Dn Saturday night. Only knew Mr. Solomon by sight to-day. [Mr- Cox here put in a letter from the aSendant, dated April 5. as follows] :— ' Tictoria Cnambera, Flindera-street, April 5, 1SS3. ' Messrs. Wadey & Cos, Solicitors. 'Dear Sirs— In answer to your letter of to-day I beg leave to correct your statemsnt that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barnet to give up the name of his correspondent. The condition in serted in my letter was no more than the one implied in yonr own of the 27th, namely, that if Mr. Barnet disclosed the name of his cor respondent he would ba freed from the proceedings which you threatened in case he lid not do so. My embodiment of that condition was so superfluous that I now dispense with its repetition, and as Mr. Barnet's attorney :«mply with your original request, for which com pliance yon extended the time in your interview with me and Mr. Mathews. I now therefore innounce to you that the town correspondent of the Bunyip, who writes under the name of ' Pelts,' and who wrote the article of March 23, was myself, and [ beg leave to add that an account of the occurrence in the rear of the Theatre was published in the Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr. Solomon, four client, was there named as the hero. I desire ilso to add that I myself witnessed the whole affair. including the punishment inflicted by the ladies, and ivss an amused spectator of the ghostly result. If your client, animated after two years by a sudden iccess of self-respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed, I shall have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them. And I have no hesitation in saying from my knowledge of the irmy and the volunteers (in a distinguished corps of which I have served), that it was a matter of the highest importance to the force and to the public that respectable citizens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer appointed to lead them in the field without the force and the public being both made well aware of it— Yours truly, _ . . , 'Fred. H. Linkij.ter.' This dosed the case for the prosecution Mr. Smith then proceeded t*i argue that the charge shonld be dismissed, bnt the P.M. intimated that he considered there was a vrima facie case, and he in tended to send ik on. The evidence was then pro ceeded with, Mr. Smith saying that he thought the Attorney-General would not file a bill. B. T. Lffliwhite, sergeant in the Volunteer Force, stated that he knew complainant. Remembered a paragraph appearing in the Bulletin some time ago. Had not Tead the extract from the Gawler paper. Chaffed Solomon about the paragraph which ap peared in the Bulletin eighteen months or two years ago. Solomon did not deny the matter till lately. By Mr. Wadey — He contradicted the statement about a month or six weeks ago. Did not hear Solomon contradict the statement in presence of Sergeant Thornton. Fred. Harvey linklater, barrister-at-law, said— I was town correspondent forthe Gawler paper and for gje Era. Two years since was Editor of the Bulletin. Wrote the paragraph in the Bunyip on the authority of my own eyesight Befoie writing it had a com munication as Editor of a paper, complaining of the man. Had no doubt in my own mind as to it3 being Solomon. Twenty months or two years ago, while ^.1^}w'-Maio^'fronpewa3playinc,I,asEditor di the Bulletin, had a free entrie to the Theatre, and on one occasion was standing closa to the stage dopr during a performance. I heard some one call out something about a man on the roof, and saw a man go to the door of McDonald's stableyard, which a dose to the stage-door. Followed him to the floor and saw complainant brought round by a man in his natural condition. He was taken past me through the stage-door. I drew back to let Mm ^f3} FVIir3 ^ ther? ?Qme time' ^ I walked to foe foot of the stage-stairs. Some little tiso after lie came out all white, and I aeain had a clear sight iL^Fi. J?weiP pof'^iely it was the complainant. Published the facts in the Bulletin. [Witness then read a portion of the letter previously put in by Mr Cox, stating that Mr. Solomon's name W2s men £?™Vn «the £lilutin M tQe aero of the mZ io ,fa inesbon, he being mentioned as Moses feolomon or Solomon Moses. Mr »aaey objected to names being mentioned, and riL** ors)uP, upheld the objection.] It waa forT^f °f Eoto?ety '*' complainant was aoplying ttB^^m?tl%m£ank at the tima {he par^rapS Smith ™ng»?cations « this matter from Lieutenant colony 1M h?!d a,a»™lsslon in the otner AcrZrt f ^?1in She Devil's Own' in London. En bntC°T°n- k?0TOM *W*o *P f°' a com ttatthin^r ?thdrew,?t- ^ere was no hint Sffl^ nt l-x*ing at girls dressina and being WwteS*1?1* ^er heart him deny it. wished iS TSf1**0 ».M? whom complainant Prosecute ™h? *° a dinner- £y JIr- Wadey KSte^ to dorfW in the c&ff; u» naving looked through the window at the &$* $*-*£!-$? Believed imiwhite was present when the banter was going on. Complainant took the chaff in good part, andTecountod other similar matter3 ces' fie seemed to thoroughly enjoy the Joseph Perry, brigade sergeant-major in the Volunteer Force, said he knewSilomon and had fleard him chaffed in the Non-commissioned Officers' Club in reference to an article in the Bulletin. He ?was called the ' ladies' man,' and got cross some times. By Mr. Wadey— Did not know that Solomon was referred to in the paragraph in the Bulletin. Have heard him deny that ne was the person, and he was chaffed all the more. Believe that Sergeant Stacey was present when the contradiction wa3 made. Have heard that Sergeant Thornton was a member of the band in the Theatre, but did not remember complainant appealing to him. William Wilkinson, a lieutenant in the volunteers, deposed that he formerly drew the cartoons in the Bulletin. Heard the affair of the man being caught on the roof talked of in the saloon on the same night. Nest morning communicated with tk.e defendant This closed the defence, and defendant was com mitted for trial, bail being allowed in his own recognizances of £50 and two sureties of £25 each. 