SUNDAY READING. life in Christ. Bt the Bet. Hush Price Hugh is, MA. rriHE apostle made this doctrine a matter of not a (peculation*j fo^ cS d"0^ can doit. The r«^ed ycnion of the BiMe'ie the most accurate, perhaps, that ever will ? ! the most accurate, perLpT thaf eter wan» » slight but intig irse just quoted. it flfcrengtheneth New Testament » Himbut when thfe Oh wch bZn M w f thoTht^b'Tnf thfl PcrS0Dal Saviour it wis thought that there must he a mistake some where, and altered it. If he had ,00,i nf thou5hdf 1*7T ** n° 0DB wonU ever have have said'through' when St. PaulS Him ? Because at that period men were more impressed with the mediatorial work of Christ thun with Hia lifo'ginnj* work Th<»w i,bj sembled to remind each other that Christ w^a their Mediator most certainly: but that Christ also was them life; and uniting with the « ^wiftnntM ,B apo the saying'of the Lord without Me, or severed from Me, ve can do nothing, they learnt that union with ChSt is the sine qud "on-the essential condition of all spiritual strength or power. t9 quite possible that this union Bhonld ?1.!0l.plBS who ar® not fnlly conscious of it. What is it, he asked, that makes the vSoL members ofiny body an organic unity? "Whv am I an individual ? Why am I one ' Be cause the whole body from head to heel is animated,by the same human spirit. And whv is it that the Church is absolutely one ? Be cause the hving human heart in haven is ftdl WlP ' an"eca"s! ao same "Spirit fills o'; 4°d7. ?n. ,It.13 because the same Spirit which is in Christ is also inns that we aw made one,-^ Hun, and; as. the result the i'f d^u18^ aIfin M< for the love of Hod has . been shed abroad in onr heart* through the Holy Ghost given unto ns. It was of mconceivable importance that every Chris ban should understand that the power spoken of to- day is tho power of a new life: • T£e hath the Son bath life; "he that hath not the Son .hath not Ufe_ The power which nnitcs the branch to the Ttoe is a living power, and the power which umtes the body to tho head is a lmog power. Hence the inconceivable follv of the man who tees to overcome sin in his own strength. A short time ago when .taking a service m Oxford a working £an came in and was the first to enter the inquiry-room that night. Thm man has since told me that I™. A twenty years to be a true Christian and had failed every day • ho had almost given , up in despair, when he was C°T ?*£ % what some called accident he heard the. truth on which tr? ZT dwelling now, realised at once that hcha_a be™ trying to be a Christian in his own strength; then and there he came and trusted ui Christ was united to Christ, and from that day had done what he could not do for twentv yeara, because now ho has the strength, now ° We' wbich he shares with Christ. What do you and I, brethren, want in order to o ^ ? 6£°n "9 to do without difficulty and delay? We do nst want good resolutions—we have had enough of them • we do not want methods, rules, and discipline. Wo want life, which may God in His mercv pour upon us here and now. This great im provement in our religious life will not be aohioved by varied exercises and prayer, not bv good works, not by almsgiving, nor going to the Sacrament. What wo want is to receive more of this how life from Jesus Christ through the Holy Spirit. The vine wants sam the body hlood. and I want more of the life that is in Christ r.nnduwha^ "»the condition? That all the little channels of communication between the vine tree and the branch should he kept open, and should not be filled with dirt or insect life or that lfc should not be severed or half severed from the main trunk. Let all these channels bo kept open and clear that the living sap mar •,YiVndfte f might almost be said will follow as a matter of course. Our supreme need, therefore, is that we should be filled with the Spirit of God here and now. But let us not imagine for a moment that our hearts are to bo empty and nothing before being SHod. If alt the shutters of this building wore clo'ed at noonday, and someone proposed to let out the darkness before letting in the light, what would you think of htm? There is no wav of letting out the darkness except by letting in tho light, and wo shall never let out sin, and cowardliness, and worldliness but by oporing our hearts to be filled with the Spirit" of Uod, and then the matter is'settled at once. tew days ago ! went, with soma, friends on an excursion to Oxford from Newnham by tho river, and we reached a lock; looking over weJ tound that the .water on the other side was at a higher level .than ou ours.. -Whit would wo do then ? Should we begin to make desperate efforts and try to lift or drag The bos! up lo. the higher level? No, tlio only Ooiicoivab1-.' plan was to ask tho boy at tho "lock gate« to turn the handle and let the water flow in to fill J our dook, and then we went onj safely to I 23/ Oxford. Now, I think some Christians are" at ' the low level; they have made some progress towards life, hut before further progress can be • made they muBfc reach a higher level j and how ire they to attain it ? By resolutions and . jfforts ? No, in no way except by opening these apertures and permitting the water of life to come gushing in, so that we repch a higher level. Then the lock gates may be thrown open and we go pleasantly on towards heaven. 