THE ELECTIONS. s" THE HON. A. DEAKIN AT MOONEE PONDS. si Mr Deakin, the Commissioner of Pub h lic Works, addressed about 400 of theu n electors of West Bourke, ini the Inasttuto, ra Moonee Ponds, on Saturday evening last. t, Mir Bellair, J.P., occupied the chair. rt Messrs Gillies, (Minister of Railways) a- Tucker, (Minister of Lands), Derham and d Clark, M's.L.A., Gray and Taylor were to on the platform. eo Ar Deakin who was received with loud I. cheers, said that was the sixth time within to four years he had the honor of contesting c. West Bourke. They would be happy to Ir hear that tihe only members of the Minis as try opposed were Air Langridgo and him al self-a town and a country constituency. I, (Applause). He need not refer to poli 1p tical circumstances in detail. The Minis " try had not died happily, nor with D. dignity. It was only with infinite pains re and trouble that it was persuaded to give al up the ghost. (Laughter) They had b. heard the late ministry had 32 supporters id in the House, but it waso strange that Ad those 32 could not be persuaded to give atn avoteto keep them in oflice. It was not it necessary for him to refer inl detail to the Co principles of the new ministry, MIr Service t- explained at Castlemaine. Their policy c' and programme involved no sacrificel he either to true constitutionalists or true d liberals, for it had been plain both in [r. and out of Parliament, that the dividing so, lines between the two parties were J. rapidly obliterated. The questions upon Li. which they differed were set aside or g, put at rest. There was a large number Y, of questions upon which they agreed and y, they only needed the opportunity to come r, and give effect in the best way suited to e, the interests of all. The onlyobjection n- was the O'Loghlen ministry, which have Y, ing been removed, left nothing standing IC. in the way of the union of the two great 0, parties. Having united in order to give I- effect to the programnme on which they ra both agreed, it was necessary to form a ig now ministry. This they now had. tg It was not composed of discordant ao elements, it was as much united as any gs ministry had over been. The programme in they had put forward was not only the a programme of the cabinet, but that of k a very lareo parliamentary majority, which 1e he trusted, they would be able to carry in into effect. (Cheers) But if they had a Is noewministry they also had a now opposi 0 tion which had developed itself with d great rapidity during the last few ( dlays. Mr Service had described it a as consisting of nondescripts. (laughter,) to it appeared however there was a ig body corporate behind it. He had n seen a few days ago, all announcement in Y the papers of the names of the gentlemon a forming what they were pleased to call a "National Liberal League" when he read the names of the gentlemen such as the ss Fogarty5' &c.; composing it, he thought i, it was the "National Irish League" g (Laughter.) Besides the Leaguers, there d were a few political candidates. An op g position of that character need not Lt awaken any apprehensions in the minds hI of Ministerial supporters, The opposi. o tion had its leader, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen e (Laughter.) Thi new coalition was formed t. by the country (Cheers.) The old y coalition was composed of camp followers, it while the now coalition was formed of "army leaders" (Cheers.) On the pro f vious night, Sir Bryan had been trying to justify his oavn career as a minister, and . pointed to the fact that his reign had a been one of prospc:ity to the country. ' The fact was his colleagues were simply Sreaping tile harvest that his prodeces. a sors had sown. But what sort of harvest had Sir Bryan loft ? One of the greatest leaders of thought in t England. Matthew Arnold said the oqua. lity the English people lacked was luci. dity. lie Mr Deakin thought even Mr Arnold would confess that tile present premuier, Mr. Service, was, as a political speaker, a master of the art of lucidity. His speech it Castlemtiaino was a marvel of perspicuity. Referring to Sir Bryan's statement that he (Sir Bryan) had pro vided for paymuett his successors must imake. But after agreeing to do so, Sir Bryan brought in a bill, andl passed it through the House, which nominally provided the money, but which included a clause which prevented it being obtain able until Parliament had passed certain estimates. He failed to bring forward the estimates. No one else could, and what was the result? Hie, Mr Deakin was forced to ask the Treasurer for £3000 to pay the men engaged on tile Yau Yeatn contract, but the lmoney was not available. They also found Sir hiryan had admitted all the charges levelled against him by Mr Service. The floating of thie loan was an accidant. If it had not eloated, there would lhave been no money in thie treasury to pay the usual accounts, without apptaling to the banks as to the state of the tiuances in general. The public had to judge betweeo an able tinancier, like Mr Service and Sir Bryan. The present Opposition were attacking the New Coalition, because it was 4 coalition. But they forgot they them solves were a coalition, Were they ask ing the Liberals whether they preferred Mir Grant or Mr Berry I Was the con. stitutional party to prefer Mr Bouent, who represented one kind of Constitutionalisms, i Mr Gillies who represeutedl quite an. othir kin il Was it possible for the cousstry to avoid making these con trasts between thesen wihoe were ap pealitg to thcse. The presenllt Govern. luent would devote itself to those questions on which there was a una. nimity of opinlion, and lwhich should be treated at once. The oflice that doe volved on him wasone of great imlpor tance. Nearly half a million of money went through thile Public Wsorks Depart ment every year. The Yas Yeas reservoirs would be pushed on, they woqld thesr have abundance of water in every part of Melbourne and suburbs. Ho hadoften expessed hIis desire to see a national party formed. Thie country stood in need of a national policy, and now he hIlad thie opportunity of carryilng out such a policy and he was supported and backed up by tihe ~ountry. Tlhe party was here, the ministry was here, and tihe policy was hero, the fulfilment or otherwise of that policy rested with them (Loud Cheers) Mr Taylor is a forcible speech mioved that this meeting endorses the action of MIr Deakin in joininig thie Service Govern ment, and declares that lhe still retains the confidence of the electors of West Bourko." Mr Darling secondedl the motion. Mr Gillies (who was called for) said Ito could bring to memory more than one coalition in thie colony which was quite as extraordlinaryas the presentono. The 31'Culloch and Healo's coalition was one of extremes: as wais that of O'Shannassy'a. They had to consider the circumstances in which they placed, they did not belong to a community half a dozen centuries old. They were a young community of only twenty-five years standing, and all were working side by side for the common good. It was necessary they should hare a strong government at the present june. ture. They had work to do of an impor tent character. That was the only justi fication for the present government. (Hear, hear.) If the present governiment was able to do the good work intimated by its head the other day, as soon as they had completed that work he aald his col leagues would be prepared to say " We have done the work, and we are quite willing to retire, and make the way for those who can do better." (Loud cheers) Mr. Tucker who was well received, speaming of Mr. Deakin, said he was proud of him, and was proud to be in the Ministry with him. He hoped the elec tors would return .Mr Dcakin by a trium phant majority: (Cheers.) Mr Gillies said he had a statement to make, the importance of which was the excuse for making it. They had bor rowed £4,000,000. For the Loan Bill there was provided between two and three millions of money to be expended on railway construction. The not amount that came to the department for the construction of railways was £2,650,100; recoups amounting to £798,250 had to be deducted that left a balance for the con struction of now railways of £1,151,150. Of the latter amount the O'Loghlcn Go. vernmoent had ordered rolling stock which which was now under contract and part of the aoney paid, to the amount of £674,474; they gave orders for per manent way to the tune of £431,666; for surveys, £15,000; for workshops, £12,000 ; and for the Melbourne Junc tion, £5000, making a total before the loan was floated at all, of £1,135,150. The balance left for the construction of new railways was only £713,750. It would take £164,600 to complete railways authorised by Parliament, which, deduct ing from that from that £713,000, left a -balance of £539,000 for the construction of the 800 miles projected by Mr Bent. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously amidst loud cheers. The Hen. A Deakin, M.L.A., ad dressed large meetings at Flemington and Kensington on Wednesday evening. The greatest enthusiasm prevailed and a una nimnous vote of confidence was passed in favour of the Commissioner of Public Works. 