SUMMAEY OF EVENTS. Parliament rose on the 22nd December for the Christmas, recess after an eight months' session, daring the course of which the most sanguine panegyrist of our present Parliament ' would-be unable to assert that anything like a satisfactory quantum of work had been per-' formed.-' The presence in office of a weak Government, faced by two' oppositions as hostile to each' other as to the Ministerial party, will account for the barrenness of a session which must be unparalleled- in the number of bootless ;?. want ; of confidence motions which its record 'discloses. Tho general: feel- . ing amongst independent- observers, is that a speedy appeal to the country is about the only method of clearing the present' poli tical atmosphere,- and after the will of the' people has been ascertained pushing on the practical legislation' which the exigencies of the country demand. - There' was a good deal .of cross-firing over the motion for the adjourn ment of the Honse, which Sir. Bryan O'Logh-L lea'; prppose.d. 'should only extend to the. 0th January.: ?;. The leader : of the-. Opposition seconded the proposition, which was met ..-by 'a couple' of 'amendments, , the one fixing- 30th January for the' reassembling, and. the other,; that of Mr. Francis, , the Conservative leader, ' making 13th February the date, for re'eonv-; mencing business. The Government were desirous of withdrawing thoir own proposition and adopting that of Mr.. Francis, but ;the Opposition, as a protest against, further waste of time, deolined to permit of its abandon ment. A division, however, resulted in' Mr.' Francis's amendment being' carried,, and Par liament is now consequently still in'recess.: ?? The revenue returns for the quarter. ending' \-- 31st December were published with the usual promptitude which distinguishes, the present statist's proceedings. Though not including, the best revenue producing period of the financial year,, they bear testimony to the steady growth of the. national resource?. Ab compared 'with the same quarter of -last year, they show the large increase of £76;o6o,, the figures. being for the 1881 quarter £1,375.827, and for the last three . months of. ,'; 1882 £1,452,016, and this in face of the heavy loss ? incurred - through tho extinction of the beer;, duty. Tho ? Custom's, wi h. an iii oreaso of £50,000 for tho. quarter, attest the continued '? growth of 'Victorian commerce, whilst the. increase in the railway revenue, amounting to. £33,000, affords couclusiye ovi dence of the rapid rate at. which the inland trade 'of the colony is developing. ..The . land revenus shows a slight decrease, but this is* due to the fact that a large number of the. se lectors' .payments, due at the end of the. year, do not .come in until, after harvest, and to a diminution in- the quantity, of ' land alienated, in fee. -.The-total receipts for the half year fall slightly short of the : Treasurer's! anticipations,' but thero ? . sooms-.littlo.' doubt '.that on'the? whole*,, year tlioy- :ilw,ill '.-.'? sifow. -ft « con siderably larger surplus tWn ; 'lie 'was prepared to forecast. ' Tho revenue , for 'the past twelve months, already shows an increase | jof nearly, £269,000 on that, of the preceding, jyaar, and.'of close, on £1,000,000 on that of 1880\. Taking everything into' consideration, it cannot fall much short of £6,000,000 for the financial year terminating next June. Tn .the midst of tho many gratifying evi dences of national prosperity, the failure of the loan fell upon the community like a thunder-., clap. The fact that out of the total £1,000,000 only ''£455,550 ^had. been BubWribud was first communicated to the public through tho medium of The Age newspaper, that journal being in possession of the particulars in the un precedentedly short period of three hours after, its despatch from London. Conjecture was at once busy as to the causes of a failure so injurious to ; the I' national 'credit, anfl so nn i flattering' ,-' to the riaiioriaiL pride. The primary- blame was attributed by all' parties J.tb' the Treasurer's fatal obstinacy in rejecting jiheL^advjIce^J^. the leading' commercial and pplitical ^ men of tfie: colony to place -the. loan -onjthe English market under the ! more, favorable 'conditions which, p^e.v/jiled [aboiut JthV middle of last year. Wheh^fiirlher =.det^is came.to hftiid it was also perceived that th'e 'h'igh minimum had had'iiiucli to do with the cold reception accorded to the loan, which at par afforded no opportunity for large holders to realise exceptional profits by. the subsequent disposal of the debentures. The unexpected intrusion of the: New Zealand., loan of £1,000,000 was also felt to be a con tributing cause, its offer at £1 10a. per cent, less than the Victorian loan though . bear? ing the same rate of interest, apparently having led to the institution of a comparison unfavorable to . our own Btocki although in amount of previous indebtedness the -balance inclines largely in favor of the Victorian' secu rity.'- The influence of some sections of the London press was also felt to have produced a . deleterious^ effect, something more -? than hints : having been indulged in that the colony was overborrowing, and 'this despite the fact of yearly increasing assets, . and the ex penditure of the greater part of the borrowed money on reproductive public work*. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's belief that he could for the. first time float a 4 per cent. Victoriaa loan at par appears ' to have been based upon the idea that the inscription of the stock would render it abnormally saleable, . but he . can scarcely- shelter himself under the. plea of. ignorance, as . to the probable 'xesult of the ti»nsa*tion,-,when the course taken by the :' Government \ was adopted in direct antagonism to the advice of the . Agent-General, whom they them selves sent home for ..the -express' purpose of advising on and superintending the loan operations. /Mr. Murray Smith, it is . now .pretty well known- advised the loan being floated at £98, which would ? doubtless have' secured its entire subscription. Later intelli gence, has disclosed the fact that, despite a ; twice i * repeated extension of. time for; receiv- ing tenders', only . £600,000 of . the ; loan had . .been; 'floated- .up ,to ; the ' '?' 17th inat.f and ;had Parliament been ^sitting ^daring; the r.mpnth it would probably have gone Hard .with -the Government. rover1 the faUuire;. of /operations the success of .which would 'I have ..crowned, them, with a pro portionate: amount ''of prestige. : The Treasurer .has'.up.'.to^he' present remained 'firm in de clining to accept anything less than par for the loan, and its withdrawal from the London market has, in the meantime, been announced. -The Government have three courses before them, either to arrange .the balance privately through: the banks, reduce the minimum, or to abandon the loan, and. with it the'' railways -and public works -on which the major portion of the ampnnt was to be \ ex pended. All three courses have their advocates, and the first is'; now said to be occupying the attention of the Government'.^ Though the failure to float the loan has caused consider able stringency in . thejmbneyj market$,nothing \- like a commercial panic has been inducedjSyhich speaks well for the general soundness, of busi ness operations in tho cbibny., -The Treasurer' can also report favorably of the public finances, the colony having got £927,000 .tO; ite^credit^ with the banks,- without taking into conaiderV: ation the sum of £2,000,000 advanced it by these institutions in anticipation of .the float ing of theloan. With something iike£3i0bo,000 ' of ordinary revenue to cqmein during tho cur ront half year,-, the Treasurer will* thus have amply .sufficienV with .which to, meet the ordi uaiy. liabilities of the country during, the fporiod, whether the loan floats or not. . , ^Tho, .inquiry .iutp:thp.cauHes of the jato niin ing ' ',? dwiuitcv ;^t ' Croswick ia Htill b^ing con tinu^d^tlieevideucjo being of a somewhat con tradictory character. It does not appear, ns -was asserted, .that either manager 'or men in ;any way anticipated tho influx of water, which' proved so fatal in its results. There seems, how ever, to be considerable confusion as regards the various plans '.'tit the mine, aiid the jevideu'ce on this head is being eagerly scruiintsed and carefully, compared. At a meeting' of the general committee of the relief . fund, held in. Melbourne on the 9th instant, it was decided .that in case .there should t^' .any Burpius after the wants of the bereaved' liatl' been pro vided for it should be applied towards tho formation of a national mining accident relief fund, upon which calls could bo made in caso of any similar catastrophe or individual cases of accident occurring. As, howover, the fund at present scarcely' amounts to £15,000, and the number of widows and orphans is so large; it is scarcely likely tliat ' any' very considerable amount will be available to form the nucleus of aa. national . fund ; such as. 'that contemplated. A suii- comniiitee' of! the fund, met at Creswick on the'lOtti/ and passed resolutions respecting the allotment of tlio funds amongst the sufferers by the late accident. Tho survivors of the accident '.were present^; and wiere ex amined by the sub-committee as to their state of health. They all stated they were unable to work, and suffered from 'sleeplessness and unrest. The only remedy ?seemed -to be in a sea voyage, and it was there upon decided to recommend to the central committee to grant each man the sum of £20 to enable him to enjoy a month's change. It was further resolved to recommend that as to the children the amount to be given them (subject to a resolution already adopted as to 30s. being the maximum for any family) should be 5s. for the oldest, 4s. for the next, and so on, Is. reduction for each cadet, but as each senior arrives at age to be discharged from the fund, each junior to succeed in the same order. The subscription lists were ordered to be called in on the 27th inat., and, as on the method of distribution adopted it would re quire double the amount which is likely to be collected to carry . out the scheme, it was de cided that a fresh appeal should be made to the legislature for a further contribution to the funds. ThePoIiceCommissionhavtisentinaninterim report' on the organisation of the detective force. .They speak in terms of the utmost severity of the disorganised state of the de partment, and comment in the strongest language on the dnbious relations which have existed in times past between the detectives and certain favored members of the criminal' fraternity. Their main recommendations are as follows : — 1. That the detective force, as at present constituted, be immediately disbanded, and, as for as practicable, be merged into the general , . police. 2. That, in liea of the present detective system, plain clothes constables to. employed, supplemented by a limited number of private agents whose services shall only be utilised in the dis covery of the more important crimes. 3. That the Chief Commissioner shall have the direct supervision and' control of the plain clothes .corps, and be charged with the duty of their organisation for the purposes of a criminal in vestigation branch of the service. 4. That plain clothes police and members of the general force under no circumstances be allowed per sonally to engage or pay for the assistance given by criminals in the arrest of offenders or the recovery of stolen property. 5. That all transactions between the police and oriminals in respect to information leading to the de tection of crime be subject to the full know ledge and permission of the Chief Commis sioner of Police, who shall alone ' make pay ments for the same from a fund which your commission consider should be established. for that purpose. 6.. That the plain. clothes constables and private. agents be compelled to keep diaries of their duties and dealings with all criminals,. and that such be delivered up every three months, and become official records of the department. -?' The right of^thV working classes to partioi^ Wtejto the extent of their fair share in the gdnerat 'prosperity' of their several trades' is mating itself felt on all hands; The factory women have . not. yet brought the struggle in which they have been so long engaged to .a final issue, but they aro supported by the sympathy , of the country, and cannot permanently be deprived of the fair remunera tion for which thoy have put in a claim. The operativo' bakers have also been agitating for shorter hours and a better rate of wages. At one time it seomed as if there would bo a general strike in this trade, and- that a bread famine would ensue in Melbourne at Joast, A largo number of the niastera Jhave.lbrig. ago conceded the terms asked oi 'them by the operatives. Nevertheless,' the latter seemed at one time inclined to make an all round affair of the proposed strike, and not to spare even those masters who had met them in a spirit of concession and liberality. ' A better feeling, however, noon showed itself, arid ilis only in tho shops of a limited num ber of small employers that extreme* measures | will be reBorted to. The coaohbuilders, the /bootmakers and the butchers have all had nn inmngs.'and have had conceded to them at least the major portion of their demands. - . Tho collapse of tho Parkes-Kobertson com-, bination Ministry, which at one time ap peared all powerful, and likely to retain office for years to come, has created quite a re volution in tho affairs of New South Wales. The Jutsco ia only comparable to the fate which befell Sir Jas. M/Oulloeh ? in .1877, when his well drilled legions I melted] away before the. ..vigorous oh slaught.of Mr. Berry. . When ^^ the -New. South Wales Parliament met on the 3rd inst. only 'thirty-two , members occu pied the Ministerial benches, ? whilst an Opposition of nearly double that number sat facing them... Sir. Henry Parkes made ho attempt to unworthily prolong his official tenure, the resignations of himself and -his colleagues being at once placed in the hands of the Governor, who as promptly accepted them. Mr. Alexander Stuart, tho acknow ledged leader of the Opposition, was then sent for, and formed an Administration in the course of a few hours. Mr. Stuart takes office as Premier and Colonial Secretary : Mr. Dibbs is the new Treasurer ; Mr. Eeid, Minister of Education ; Mr. Farnell, Minister for Lands ; Mr. Cbpeland, Minister for Public * Works ; and Mr. Cohen, Minister of Justice., ' Mr. Abbott is to preside at the Mines deport ment, Mr. Wright being Postmaster-General, and Mr. Dalley, Attorney-General. Sir Patrick Jennings takes office as Vice-President of the '; Executive Council, without a portfolio. The - necessaryre-olectionshavesince takenplaco, the only Minister rejected, though Mr. Eeid was also exposed to a contest, being Mr. Copeland, ~ who was beaten by a 'few votes by Mr. Mitchell for Newtown. ? Mr. M'Elhone has, however, since resigned his seat for East -' Sydney, and for the vacancy thus caused Mr. Copeland is a candidate, with good prospects '' of success, his opponent being Dr. E en wick, a' '? former member 'of the Parkes Ministry, who lost his seat at the late election. 'Some disap pointment haebeen excited by theselectionmade * by Mr. Stuart in choosing his colleagues and . * there is already talk of the formation of a third party. The general desire, however, appears- - to be to give the new Administration a fair trial, and Bhonld they succeed in dealing ; successfully with the knotty problem. of the land question, it is not improbable that their term of office may be' both lengthened and distinguished. The seventeenth annual report of the board , of visitors to the Observatory, together with the annual report of the Government as tronomer, was laid on the table of the House the 20th Dec The board of visitors reported that everything at the Observatory was in a satisfactory state, and that the work was being carried on efficiently. They state in one part of their report : — ' Having regard '' to the age and long service of the staff, it is apparent that provision should be made for supplying the places of the superior officers as they became vacant, and it would in ' our opinion be better to train up young men of capacity and promise for these appointments than to obtain them from England, as must '' otherwise be done.' Mr. Ellery's report con sists for the most part of a record of the year's ( work with which the public have been made acquainted in progress reports. Eegarding : the south' equatorial 8-inch telescope, the report statos that tho instrument has under gone a careful overhaul, and some additions. ' A new driving clock has been constructed in * the Observatory workshops, to which. Mr, Grubb'B electrical pendulum is applied. It has turned out very satisfactory, and ' the ' telescope, moves so accurately that it '-', will ;.jkeep. a. star, bisected by ^'the ' micrometer web for two hours' (the length' of time the clock will' run without winding ' up). The library is increasing very rapidly,1 ao much bo that a difficulty .has been ex- : perienced in, finding room for the publications ' received. The report is dated 15th August, 1882., This delay in publication is explained . as follows :'— -' I.r cgrot to say 'wq'are*' sadly^bo- ' hind in tho publication of o'ur work. 'ThiViaj. in part due to the increasing demands ' on' tho: ' iime of tbe officers in initiating and carrying out the intercolonial weather telegraphy, as well as to the frequent requisitions from abroad for co-operation in general astronomical and phy- ? steal work. By a partial ro- arrangement of duties, and -with the extra' assistance now. Afforded us, I hope these arrears will soon be overtaken.' . The eighteenth report of the Board for the. Protection of Aborigines was laid'oh the table of the Assembly on Deo. 21, and from it we learn that at present there are 556 aboriginals' at the various stations in the colony, the numbers -being as; follows : — Coranderrk, _101 ; Fram lingham, 83 ; Lake Condab, 105 ; Lake 'Wel- lington, 80 ; Lake Tyers, 112; and Lake ? Hindmarsh, 85. Of this number 258 are half castes, and 300 other aboriginals are supplied by the board away from the stations, princi pally located in the Swan-hill district and about the junction of the Goulburn and the Murray. Twenty-five births, three marriages and thirty deaths have taken place during the year, BO.thot it will be seen the race is slowly but surely dying out. The gross proceeds of the various stations were £1408 3s. 3d., and the number of children attending school is set down at 154. Reference is made to the work done, at the stations,' from which it appears that the aboriginals are' tolerably well off, though at Lake Hindmarsh bush fires, rabbits, and wild dogs'. have retarded operations to a great ex tent. Detailed reports are furnished by the different managers, and the balance sheet ?hows that the balance of £274 9s. 9d. has been carried forward to next year. . . During theexamination of witnesses by the Tariff Commission onDec. 19 with reference to the jewellery trade, and the manufacture of colonial gold jewellery, it was elicited by Mr. Tucker and Mr. Bosisto that a widespread system exists of manufacturing ' colonial gold ' articles of a ' very inferior quality ifco that which the public generally are supposed to obtain. ' Colonial gold ' jewellery, well known by its rich color, is often a delusion and a snaro. ' Unscrupulous makers palm off instead of 18 carat a mixture of metal in which the real quality is perhaps not over 8 or 10 carat, and Mr. Schafer, a- manufacturer stated that the public only find it out when endeavoring to realise on selling their pur chases. Mr. Aronson, of the firm of Rosenthal and Aronson, manufacturing jewellers, agreed with Mr. Schafer that a 'hall mark' shonld be at once established, similar to that used in England, so as to protect the public and the honest makers. Under that system a mark would be placed by the Mint upon all articles of silver and gold, jewellery up tp. the standard quality, .and the absence of such, a mark would place the purchaser ' at .? once upon his guard. This reform has frequently been promised by various. Treasurers, and it is a piece of practical legislation that has been too long'delayed :.: The following is the report of the adjudica tors on the prize compositions invited by the Musical Festival Association for the best ballad or- song, and for the best Australian National Hymn :— ' Of 64 songs and ballads Bent in _ for competition . the following are placed ; in, .. their v. order of. merit :— 1. Song— 'Mid Rapture (nom dc plume), Kismet. 2\. Song— The Moss Ross, by Melos. 3. Ballad— The Flower's Message, by Kismet, 4\. Song — The Emigrant's Song, by Res Non Verba. -, The prize is accordingly awarded to Kismet. We consider that none of the com positions sent in for competition for the national song or hymn are of sufficient merit to be awarded the prize, and would suggest that a second prize, value 5 guineas, be awarded to 'Melos.'— (Signed) G. W. Ton RANOE, MUS. Doc.; AlFltED PLUMP.TON, T. H. Guenett.' ' On opening the sealed envelopes, containing the noms de plume of competitors it was- found that the first prize had fallen to Mr. Alfred Moul, who had also carried off third honors. . The. second prize recommended was awarded to Mr. H. J. King, jun., of Sand hurst, and the fourth to Mr. J. Churchhill Fisher, Petersham, Sydney. The Art Union of Victoria, which was established in 1872, with the object of promot ing and diffusing a love of tho fine arts throughout Australia, .has selected an admir able work for presentation to its subscribers this season. The original is the work of Mr. George F. Folingsby, and represents-: an ideal figure entitled ' Spring.' It was purchased by the Art Union for 100 guineas, and mil con stitute the first prize in the annual distribution of 1883. Every subscriber of one guinea, in ad dition to a chance for tho prize pictures, will receive a copy of Mr. Folingr.by's work.. This, in itself is well worth tho guinea. ^ An ordination sorvice was held in St. Peter's Church on Dec. 24 by tho Bishop of Melbourne, assistedbytho Bevs. Canon Chaso, John Garlick (Bural Dean,. Incumbent of'Echuca), and J. Carlisle lociun tenons at St. Peter's. Tho ser mon was preached by the Key. J.Garliok, who chose for hiatoxt, 2 Cor. iv., 5. At tho.oloso of the. sermon, the Bev. Canon Cliuso pro sented to the Bishop the Bevs. H. Kelly, of Kew ; 0, Harris, Sinythcadalo ; and ' W. '- Jenningp, of!' MansfiVld, for- admission ?to the priesthood ; and Messrs. H. 35. Potter and J'. B. Gason, for admission into the dia conate. During the ordination, the hymn, Come. Holy Ghost, was siing .by Mr. J. Ken dall. The service, which was a choral one, .was rendered in a very impressive manner, by the choir, under the leadership of the organism Mr. W. B. Taylor, B. A. The recent death of the Bev. Mr. Becher has left the incumbency of : St. James's vacant. Tho Patronage Act passed by the Church of England Assembly provides that all positions of this character shall be filled up by the Bishop, but clause 14 of the act makes an exception in the case of the incumbency of St. James's. By that clause, it vests in the Dean of Melbourne for the time, .being. It is therefore stated that the in cumbency will not be filled up, but that it will be held nominally by the Dean, a curate being appointed.' This, we understand, will effect a; -saving to the church funds. The act which -we have referred to was passed under' .the authority of an Act of Parliament. ' ' Circulars ..have been issuad to the grain growers and agricultural societies requesting their co-operation in' the Amsterdam. Exhibi- - tion by forwarding samples of this season's grain, seeds, bops and grosses. Numerous re plies have been received, and there is every reason to believe that the colony -will be well represented in this particular. -The minimum quantity lias been fixed at one buBhel of each kind of grain, and -exhibits ' will have to be in Melbourne' on or before the 15th February, ns tho final shipment of articles for exhibition will bo mode towards the latter end of that month. The question of the advisability of. sending fresh fruit and dairy produce- when the Exhibition is open will be considered. ' Mr. L. Li. Smith, as President of the Commission, has also forwarded a circular to all the medical men practising in Victoria asking for contri butions to the Medical Congress which is to be held at Amsterdam during the currency. of the Exhibition, either in the form of essays, statistics, or specimens of morbid anatomy. At the recent matriculation : examination at the Melbourne University- one of the lady students (Miss Lilian Helen, Alexander) has acquitted herself remarkably well, taking first place in Greek and Latin, and in English and History. In both coses Bhe would have secured exhibitions but for the fact that, being over 21 years of age, she was rendered ineligible. In the former the exhibi tion wjm 'awarded to Mr. Win. Ostermeyer, and in th^s latter to Miss Helen Frances Mary White. The exhibition for algebra, geometry, and' trigonometry fell to Mr. Bobert Win. Chapman, a pupil of Professor Andrew, -the lat* head master of Wesley College. Mp.B. A. F.Murray, geologicalsurveyor.has forwarded to the Minister of Mines a report upon the prospects of the Moe Coal Company. The company are prospecting a coal seam dis covered in the bed of the Narrican Gully, near Moe. A tunnel has been driven in the west ern bank about 40 feet, and in the face the coal seam is from 2' ft. 0 in. to 2, ft. 8 in. in thickness. 'Mr. Murray considers the seam will yield good coal- for steam, forge, or house hold 'purposes, aud will prove remunerative if tho seam is found to extend over a sufficient; area. He is also of opinion, founded on ton years1 observation, that the Narrican valley is a promising locality in which to search for deep-lying coal scams. ' Amongst the passengers on board the Roto mahana, which left this port recently for New Zealand, was Mr. Kimber, who is on his way to England vid San Francisco. Mr. Kimber represents a syndicate of English capitalists, who propose to construct what is known as the Queensland Transcontinental Railway. Tho project, if carried out, will involve an expendi ture of about £10,000,000. We understand that the line proposed follows the general direction o the route selected by Mr. Watson, the present Engineer-in- Chief of the Victorian railways, and also that which was gone over by General P eliding some time ago, but it is much straighter than either of the 'two surveys re ferred to. It does not go near the Cloncnrry copper mine*1, which both the formerly selected lines were chosen with' a view to accommodate, but as the extent of deviation allowed in Mr. Kimber's route is much greater than in the other two, it will be possible to divert the railway to the limits of either of the other surveys. 