SWEARING BY TELEPHONE ! A . NEW POINT. An interesting suit has been decided by the District Court of Cincinnati-that of A. H. Pugh against the City and Suburban Telephone Company. The question at issue was whether the word "damnn" is a profane word. The case came up on error to reverse the judg ment of the Superior Court. The peti. tion recited that on April 1, 1882, the plaintiff, wishing to communicate with a certain person on business, sent to the telephone in his (the plaintiffts) office and gave the customary signal. The operator at the exchange called up the wrong person, whereupon the plaintiff remarked through the telephone, 'If you can't' got the party I want, you may shut up your damn telephone," and it was shut up and afterwards removed by the telephone company on the ground that profane languago had been used through it, which is against the company's rules. The suit was brought to compel the company to restore and maintain a telephone in the plaintiff's oflice. The Court was divided, Judges Moore and Johnson giving an opinion favourable to the plaintiff. The majority of the Court was of opinion that the.rule forbidding the use of profane language through the company's telephones was reasonable, and that the word " damn," whether it was to be regarded as a profane or improper ex pression, was in violation of the contract and objectionable. It was scarcely neces sary to inquire whether the word "damn" is profane or improper. The character of the expression is too plain to admit of argument. Althhough not obscene or in violation of the statute, it is coarse, un becoming, and profane, or if not profane, is an improper word, and the manner and occasion of its use was low and insulting. In his dissenting opinion, Judge Smith said that, admitting that the company may prohibit the use of certain language and adopt reasonable regulations, yet in the case of a doubtful or uncertain expression it seemed to him that it should be distinctly pointed out as one of the forbidden expressions. "It is said the word 'damn' is a profane expression. Now, what is profanity ? if we take the Decalogue, it says taking the name of God in vain. If we look at our statute, it is cursing or swearing, or using irrove rently the name of God, Jesus Christ, or the Holy Ghost. Profanity is an irreve rent expression towards God. If we look for a definition of the word ' damn' in a dictionary, we do not find it among the terms of profane expressions. The ques tion is whether in a business communica tion, where a party is somewhat excited, having failed to get a proper communica tion, and uses the words 'Damn your telephone,' that is a sufflicient ground for cutting off permanently the use of the telephone for which lhe had paid and do priving him of a vested right." It seemed to bhim that the judgment of the court below was wrong, and that the judgment of this court was wrong. 