GEELONG BIBLE WOMAN'S AGENCY. The annual tea meetiug in connection with the Geelong Bible Woman's Agency was held at hall-past six o'clock last evening in the Mechanics' Institnte. About 500 persons sat down at the 32 tables, which were pro vided by and presided over by ladies repre senting the different churches. A public meeting was afterwards held, at which Mr Wm. Higgles presided, the hall being well filled. Ministers of the various denomina tions occupied seats on the platform. Miss Hunt kindly acted as accompauist. An opening hymn, " Work ! for tho night is coming," having been sung by all present, prayer was engaged in, and the chairman then delivered a brief address on iho objects of the Agency, and the spiritual and material good it had accomplished. Tho Rev, A. Davidson then read the balance-sheet and annual report of tho Bible Woman's Mission as follows :—Receipts, £206 5s 7d : expen diture, £191 ISs 4d ; balance iu hand, £11 7s 3d. The committee's report stated that the work had gone on as usual without any notable incident oalling for special attention. Tho reports of tho three Bible-women showed that visits had been paid to tho sick and dying in the town proper, in Newtown and Ohil well, Marnock Vale, South Geolong, Ashby, and Kildare, and many erring ones had been led back into the right path in their hours of suffering. The homo for aged women was visited every Thursday, and tho hospital weekly, by tho Bible-woman for Geelong proper. The Bible-woman for Newtown reported that the mothers' meet ing in South Geelong was not well attended, but in Cbilwell it was more successful. The cottage meeting in Kildare was held once a week still, and was well attended. The gaol visitation once a week was still continued by tho Geelong West Bible-woman, who also Bpent one day every week iu the Female llefuge, relieving the matron. Thanks were recorded in the reports to Mosdames Shanuon, Crook and Wliyto, and Messrs A. R. Reed and l'awsey, besides the ladies of the committee, for monetary and other assistance rendered during the year. In conclusion, the committee desired to mention the help afforded them by the Ladies* Benovoleut Society. Tho Bible women met with many cases of need requiring monetary assistance, and as these did not come within the proper scopo of their work they felt thankful that the ladies of the Benevolent Society had come to their aid. Mr R. W, Boyle, the hou. secre tary, then read tho subjoined roport in connection with TIIE FEMALE KEFUGE. The treasurer's statement for the year ending 30th June, 1SS3, showed as follows :—Re ceipts—Balance on hand 1st July, 1SS2, £69 0s 3d ; subscriptions received, £60 3s lOd ; amount received for washiug, £176 lis 4d ; Government grant-in-aid, £150 ; total, £455 153 3d. Expenditure, £453 7s 4d; , balance in bank, £52 Ss Id. The annual roport was as follows ;—The work in connection with the refuge during the year haB been of a satisfactory character. The inmates have been kept constantly em ployed, and their work, as shown in the balance sheet, has netted the sum of £176 lls4d. This amount has covered consider ably more than one half of the maintenance of the Institution. The expenditure amounts to £304 15s 4d, and has been met by the results of tho inmates' "work, by subscriptions, and portion of a balance in hand at the beginning of the year. The sum of £150 was received from the Government, and this amouut has enabled your committeu to make some most necessary improvements, j Eleven dormitories have been erected and I partitioned off in the main building, affording separato sleeping accommodation for the inmates; the large diningroom has been lined with boards, and the laundry with calico ; a store-room for goods and a clothes press have also been partitioned off, and other substantial improvements made. The fence has been repaired, and the path from the gate to the main building formed. One hundred trees of the pinus iwsignis variety were obtained from tho Minister of Agricul ture and planted. The grounds have been neatly laid out under the direction of Mr Raddenberry, and the borders of the path- I ways planted with shrubs and llowors of a most serviceable kind. The committee are greatly indebted to Mr Raddenberry for his kindness and attention in this matter. During the year services havo been held on Sabbath afternoons, as during the previous year, by Messrs Carlier and Boyle. Mr Tburgood and Mr Mauders havo also lately been holding services on week evenings. Tho inmates havo given every attention to these services, their respectful demeanor being all that could be desired. The state of tho refuge on August 1st last year was :— Number of inmates, adults, 6 ; infants, 3. Admitted to 1st August, 1SS3—adults, 15 ; I iufants, 2; total, 26. Left for service, 3 ; left at their own request, 5 ; restored to ' husband and father, 2; adopted (infant), 1 ; admitted into Kew asylum, 1 ; admitted into Orphan asylum (infant), 1 ; died (infants), 2 ; engaged as laundress to refuge, 1 ; remaining in refuge, 10. The ladieo' committee have been indefati gable in their efforts for the welfare of the inmates of the institution, and numerous suggestions respecting the erection of dor mitories and other inatterB made during the year, have been carried out. A report of a very satisfactory character was received from Mr Neal, the Inspector of Charitable Institutions, daring tho year. In October laat the Rev. A. Davidson resigned the position of honorary secretary, which lie had so honorably filled, on account of ill health. The resignation was accepted with regret. Mr A. R. Reed acted assecretary prolan,-. till April last, when Mr Boyle was appointed to the office. In laat year's report, when stating ' that the institution was dependent on charitable donations for half its support, your committee expressed the hope that it would come nearer a self-supporting position. This has been realised, as stated, during the year. Still, there is great need for continued assistance, owing to the constant claims upon the institution. A case in point has lately occurred. A person who made appli cation to the Benevolent Asylum, and who was destitute, half witted, given to intem perance, and unable to earn her living, was refused admission, but is now in the refage safely housed. Your committee, there fore, in conclusion urge upon all to give as God has prospered them, for the mainten ance of an institution which has for its object the rescuing of poor fallen ones from lives of misery, introducing them into the way of peace, and fitting them to become useful members of society. APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES. Mr Ingamells moved that the following be appointed the Ladies' Committee of the Bible-women's Agency and Refuge for the ensuing year :—President, Mrs Davidson; vice-president, Mrs Goodman ; treasurer, Mrs Crook ; hon. secretary, Miss Ducker ; committee : Meadames Goodman, Bickford, Cameron, Ducker, Burridge, Walker, M'Dougall, Connor, Garratt, Shaw, Viviau, Price, Ormond, Parker, Sunning, Higgins, Gurr, Shannon, Thurgood, Willis, and Hobday, and Miss Nicholson. The motion was seconded by the Rev. J. Day, and carried. . Mr R. Clarke, J.P., moved that the fol lowing gentlemen bo appointed office- bearers for the current year;—Committee—Revs. W. C. Bunning, A. Davidson, J. C. M'Dougall, and D. A. M'Dougall, and Messrs Upton, Sach, Hendy, A. R. Reed, Higgins, and Hill ; treasurer, Mr Wilson Wood ; secre tary, "Mr R. W. Boyle. Mr G. M. Hitch cock seconded the motion, which was carried. THE LECTURE. The anthem, "Unto you is born Saviour," having been sung, the Rev. B. B. i Macartney delivered the first part of a lecture entitled "Men and Women of Prayer," He depicted Abraham's earnestness in prayer, and then reviewed the history of Moses, Joshua, Samuel, Daniel, Elijah, John I the Baptist, and JosusChristHimsclf, toshow the power they exerted by means of prayer. Ho instanced the life of Christ as filled with prayer. He prayod before being filled with the Holy Ghost, before His transfiguration,i on the crucifix, in the garden of Gethsemane,1 by day and by night; He was always praying and teaching*bia disciples to pray. People of the world thought nothing of stop-! ing up all night for worldly pleasure ; | and; to the sincere Christian who prays heartily! the hours fly like nothing in prayer when souls are to bo Bavcd. Ho had recently the pleasure of praying for nights with numbers ,pf people, and they would only understand, the greatness of , that pleasure when they I received a visit from Mrs Hampson, or some | equally earnest Evangelist, and prayed in a body with her. The Acta of tho Apostles: were filled uith prayer and the Holy Ghost, and in tlio last hook of the Bible the highest testimony was borne to tho efficacy of prayer. . The Scrip tures taught the grand lessor, that God came down to His people that He might lift them up ta Himself, and teach them to seek His blessing and commune with Him. The lecturer referred to women of prayer men tioned in the Bible, alludiDg specially to Mary, the mother of Jesus, and the prayers of the women on the day of Pentecost, A solo, " He shall feed His flock," by Mrs Hobday, anil a duet, " 0, Lovely Peace," by Mrs Hobday and Miss A. Ham merton, having been sung, the rev. lecturer proceeded with tho second part of his discourse, dealing with subsequent history to that of the Bible. Luther's praycrfulness was described, especially in his pleadings that Melancthon might live when he seemed on the point of death. Bengel, Louis Harms, and other men of prayer were referred to, and various inci dents of mission work, showing how needed mouetary aid was supplied in answer to prayer, were narrated. George Miller, of Bristol, was spoken of, as was also a praying mother to whom needful money was sent in most remarkable ways in answer to prayer. The lecture concluded amidst applause. The anthem, "In the Fulness of Time," having been rendered by the choir, The Rev. Canon Goodman moved a vote ' of thanks to the ladies who bad provided the tea, to the choir which had rondered some very nice music for them, and to the lecturer, of whera he spoke in very high terms, having known him from his boyhood, Ho also referred feelingly to the Rev. Mr Macartney's father, the venerablo Dean of Melbourne. The motion was seconded by the Rev. H. Bath and carried. A vote of thanks to the' chairman, proposed by the Rev, J. F. Gannaway, and seconded by tho Rev. A. Davidson, was carried by acclama tion, nnd duly responded to, and the pro ceedings terminated. 