#«t WmUm jfdto. Tfbom. ana ovnt roBBBi hum deht. 1 Mwwrs. Perkins and Morebead have been 4*1 Roma ?Aw*fng mi experimental fans, and ^guided by the good compels of Mr. Pint, the Government Botanical Gardener, decided Ewhat is expected to be a very suitable at Yulebah, a few mOes this aide of . Dnring their visit they were very favourably received at the western city, the good people bung quite enthusiastic. This, m coune, coma oniy oe uperaeu, ««? u. soere is a- Ministerial stronghold in the colony equal to Bowen it is at Boms. The working men there have not yet been educated down to that condition in which they are susceptible to the wiles of stomp orators, and hare, thank goodness, no temptation, therefore, to fall oat with their bread and butter. This is a digression, however. The MiwigfrTw were dnly deputationised and banqueted, and made speeches quite as useful to tbeir party as they must have been encouraging and consoling to the good people of Rom*- Morohead waxed classical, was as usual numerous, and Perkins in the eame old style with which everyone is becoming so familiar, went for those people who are speaking 'eUnderous lies and calumnies.' I notice that the two Ministers referred to generally get on very well wherever they go. They go in. for amnqjng the good people, and can provoke humour and merriment as well as any two politicians in the colony. At banquets they are peculiarly happy, and at deputations nothing beats Per kim, that is, he makes the favours asked for appear so really tremendous that requisi boniste appear either greatly ashamed of them selves or inclined to the belief that they are peculiarly favoured. This experimental farm will be put under way as soon as possible, and the Government have already received applications from prac tical m-a-rij who consider themselves capable of managing the establishment. There is also to be a farm on the Peak Downs somewhere, bnt the locality will have to be determined on by die advisers of the Government before any thing farther can be said. Of what service the farms wiU be has to be ahown. They do not, as a rale, tend much to promote the general agriculture, and ''!»** managed with strict economy are quite likely to be a rather heavy harden on the colony. The Southern and Central districts having these places estab lished within them will make the North clamorous for similar favours. Mr. Archer left town on Tuesday hud; by special train for Warwick, where he is toassiet at the opening of a show. Mr. Macrossan and the new Attorney-General were therefore left to look after the State themselves for a few days. Sir Thomas M'll wraith is still in lieve on Tuesday next. During his visit South he has been bney, principally in Victoria, cuiiing information concerning the manufac toring industries. In Sydney he has, so the telegraphic correspondent to ti» daily papers Bay, been over the various points of interest, donbtlest* with the object of bringing new ideas to bear on the progress of the colony. I heard a little report in town a day or two ago concerning Sir Thomas which is worth repeating, though of coarse it is impossible to vouch for its accuracy. It is said that his inquiry into the Victorian manufacturing establishments is with the view to introduce the Protective system in Queensland. We all know that Sir Thomas inclines rather towards Protection, but the question is whether that policy would be acceptable to bis colleagues, some of whom are Free Traders of the most pronounced type. Bat it is also said that he intends to contest the next election for North Brisbane, and will assure himself of the Protectionist vote. Humour 'u wild at times ; at others she gets near the mark ; and so far as Sir Thomas con testing North Brisbane is concerned, I dout think she is far wrong. He would have a capital chance of election, and would have the support of all property-holders, except those who are infatuated with the Billy Brookes contingent. By the way, speaking of Brookes reminds me that his northern tout has done but little to elevate him in the opinion of respectable people in Brisbane. -or does it appear to have enhanced the favour of his party in the north, for. looking through a very impartial paper, published at Townsville, I read that he has done more harm to the Griffith cause than all the good Griffith and Dickson have done through their northern peregrinations. His wretched expressions and heaps of vilifica tion have simply disgusted many who were inclined to look on him as a somewhat crotchety (but harmless old man, and the electors of North Brisbane do not now feel very proud of having rejected such a worthy abusive stump orator. That we are to hare a general election this year is certain ; the House will dissolve through efflaxian of time if nothing else occurs to bring to an end the reign of the party at present in power. But it is generally exported that the change will not be brought about this time. It is believed by many who axe pretty well capable to form an opinion, that shortly after the reassembling of Parlia ment the Transcontinental Railway Bill will be brought in, will be defeated, and that the Go vernment will go to the country upon it. How k they will come back cannot be told at present. Man is naturally fickle *nd in a political eense he is to use the choice expression of a Man talini 'demnibley so.' To- day he may worship Mr. MTlwraith ; to-morrow may cast his idol into dust, and the Jay after set up Mr. Griffith to undergo the wtnw course— worship and destruction' It is rather amusing to hear the changes that are whispered as likely to occur among the aU» in the political firmament. John Douglas is to ?ecure a following and ran with the Premier in getting thp Tfwyinti MnfrJ nil way through; George Thome is to work for the doal deatraction of Griffith and Sir Thomas ; Griffith is to ran a nominee for North Brisbane and is to go to TownsvOle himself; Entledge i* to go to Charters Towers ; DJckaon to a western con stituency and M'Lean to the Cook. Bythe way M'Lean had better make ready for a ran for some other place than the Logan for Ernest Stephens, the present member for the Wdrrego is ingratiating himself with the Log*' folk, and intends to give the hon. and temperate Peter a very warm nm. Of coarse all these are mere conjectures and reports so far : bat that they should be spread shows, that in this part of the Colony the people are waking up and looking around to prepare for the coming struggle in the general election. We have almost got over the cricket fever —that is to aay the warmth on the subject has abated considerably. The Englishmen gave our men such a 'dressing down as they might reasonably have expected. The play of the visitors was perfect, that of oar men very fair at times. On the afternoon of the first day some of the eighteen played in the most loose manner ; some plain speaking people say that the cause of the laxity was 'tight- ness,' on the party of a couple of the principal players. The plain speakers are correct for even from the grand stand the mails made were plainly attributable to something more than a level ground. The Brisbane eighteen are to be met and played by another local eighteen who are inclined to the belief that kissing went somewhat by favour with the selection «*fim n^ jtfare, and fch*^; the best men were not chosen to do battle. The visit of the Englishmen h^n fi«fl one good effect at any rate ; one of the junior dubs has struck out vigorously and provision has been made for the pay of a professional coach whose services wffl be secured as early as possible. The spread of lamkinism is becoming piarniW. Two youths now stand committed for trial for criminally annanlfring ***d most horribly in treating an elderly woman, and I saw a man yesterday who had been set npon and brutally beaten and kicked by a gang of young rnnians, who infest Spring frril. It is to be sincerely hoped that during the comming session of Parliament, a BQl to beal with the growing evil will be infxodnced. A great many people believe in the introduction of flogging for larrikins and it should now be apparent to every one that rti*t nothing else will stamp it out. fin ' «b mi^h nf^B which fall™ of human degradation through flogging should have a little experience of the bands of ruffians which are daily increasing here and a wholesome cure for that phase of debarring public Bafety, would be certainly ftCffvnp tidied. 1^13 Honor Mr. Justice Cooper is *na]nnp preparation for his exile to Bowen. He occupied a seat oa the Bench on Tneaday last at the sitting of the Foil Court, aod took the customary oath. He was congratulated upon his translation by the Hon. C. E. Chubb, the new Attomey-OenecaL and that gentleman was congratulated in iiipi by His Honor. Brisbane, 12th February 18S3. The Hospital embroilment has reached a climax at last Dr. Eesteven refused to resign when requested to do so, and he has been dismissed formally, the Committee stating their reasons for dispensing with hi» services in a letter to him in the following terms : — ' L Tour general incompetently to conduct and manage the Brisbane Hospital ; your inability to co-operate with the members of the visiting staff and with the assistant resident surgeon, 2. Tour conduct is con sidered by the Committee of the Hospital to be injurious to the interests and well-oeing of the institution, because of your wilfnl dis obedience of the lawful orders of the visiting staff, and disregard of and violation of the bye-laws and rules of the Hospital. 3. The Committee are also of opinion that you have habitually neglected your duties in allowing patients to remain flp»rttPn^ftfl.Y' The mmnjfl general meeting of subscribers was held on Thursday — the doctor's dismissal occurring on Wednesday — and the proceedings were of a somewhat singular character. The subscribers mustered first in the Town Hall, but owing to the noise of vehicles passing in the street the speakers conld not be heard, and a move was made to the open space in the buildings on the ground floor, where it was hoped the eloqueuoe poured out would not be drowned. It was amusing to see leading civil servants, medical men, members of Parliament, and others, trudging down stairs each bearing a chair and the opportunity was jost such as an artist with an inclination for humonrons sketches would hare delighted in. The matter of the doctor's dif»mi««T was discussed, but without any material benefit to the officer in question, and then followed a debate on the report of the Committee on the affairs of the institution during the year past. Some remarks made by Mr. Moses Ward will show that the Committee have not managed affairs quite as well as they might have done. 'He said he thought the expenses had been most extravagant, and that a mistake had been made in appointing two resident surgeons. There bad been an average of 110 patients, of whom he did not suppose more than twenty had suffered from acute diseases requiring active treatment. The expenses for salaries and wages had been £2632 ; and there had been two doctors and two dispensers to attend to 110 patiente. The average cost per patient was about 30a. per week. He was strongly of opinion that there were too many cooks, and that a junior member of the medi cal profession was all that was necessary, as was the case in most of the hospitals in England.'1 With the exception of the latter portion of the remarks, most of the subscribers will agree with Mr. Ward ; but though a junior medical man might serve well in other places he would not here, for here the visiting staff do not attend to their duties, and it would be positively dangerous to place the medical and surgical ?fours of each an institu tion as the Brisbane hospital under the sole control of a newly -fledged medical youth. The subacriben have certainly not been satis* fied with the work of the Committee during the year, for of the three who retired only one was re-elected, the others being men new to the institution. It is to be hoped the new blood will have * good effect, for the more the conduct of the Hospital is inquired into the worse it appears to be. I do not mean the treatment of the patients, bnt speak in so far as the general work of the Committee is con cerned. There was a good deal of dissatisfac tion at the meeting on account of old subscribers, who bad not paid their sub scriptions prior to the 15th January, not being allowed to vote ; bat, as an Act of Parliament rt*gn]m\^\ frhta there was no getting over it* though the rule was not enforced in previous years, because it was not observed, so little interest being generally taken in the usual *nnnal meetings. By the way the Rev. Mr. Guinness, the Chuch of England clergyman in Fortitude Valley, made some rather Berious charges against the Visiting Staff. He said he had frequently been asked by patients, who had sometimes sent for him for the purpose, to call upon one or two of tiie viahing-sargeons and ask them to attend, as those under their charge were not receiving attention owing to their absence, while the resident-surgeon was unable to interfere. There was no defence to this charge, which substantially was that the resident- surgeon could not interfere with the patients of the visiting staff, while the latter would not attend, neglected the poor sick wretches, who were obliged to send to their clergyman and beseech him to hunt up the Tuatmg staff, and ask them please in pity'* sake to do their duty. The Committee should certainly inquire into this. The Revenue Officers have been making an other raid on the grocers, who will insist on retailing wines, spirits, and beers ' to their customers as a favour. ' At the Police Court yesterday a man named Barton was fined £10 and costs, for having sold a bottle of porter to a Mrs. Godfrey, and £5 with costs for selling a bottle of brandy to Mr. Godfrey. R. S. Warry, a wine and spirit merchant, and also a grocer, was fined £5 and costs for selling a bottle of gin and three bottles of porter to a man named Cosgrove. It is strange that these reputable sly grog sellers do not exercise a little more caution in their illegal transactions. Of course it is seldom they are found ont, and then there is always a morbid feeling expressed by their lawyers, that the defranders of the revenae are very hardly treated people. It is eatibfactory to note, that in neither of the cases mentioned was any lying resorted to by the informers to get the grocers to eeU to them, and the bench very properly refused to be influenced by the remarks of the lawyers, except in so far as to make Warry's fine light* because he had been a wine and spirit merchant for thirty yean, Can thk mean that he has broken the law. defrauded the revenue, and injured licensed retail vendors for thirty years 1 Let us hope not. there is none more likely to be sympathised with than the Hospital for sick children. Since its ^fffraM'^wtPfit it has been well supported, and now the committee are inviting tenders for a more commodious and suitable building than frhwt now occupied. The annual meeting of members of the Queensland Torf Clnb was held on Tuesday evening last. Tbe Committee congratulate themselves upon having cut down expenses, and made a alight profit from the last meeting, bat all thifl appears to have been done at the expense of racing in the colony, and was assisted by publicans giving away £100 towards a prize. The dab are now canvassing for subscriptions to make up a £500 prize, and if the public give £300 by special donations out of tbe fullness of its heart, the club will give £200— the amount which is, or was. nsoal for the Brisbane Cap. I heard a good remark at the meeting — one that will no doubt amuse some of the sporting men of Rockhamp ton. Mr. Virgil Power, while lamenting the fact that some of the Committee were per sonally responsible for the bank overdraft, said that two gentlemen had been admitted to the Committee and their mining io the responsibility was not insisted on, because they were racing men, and it was well that there should be on the Committee. Of course there should, bat unfortunately the members of the Com mittee know as moch of horse-racing as the ghost of Tim VThiffler knows of ecarte. Were it not for the sound financial work done by the Secretary, Mr. Mapleston, the Club would be in a hopeless state of collapse, but his business experience enables him to keep affairs afloat. There was a big spree at Sandgate last evening, tiie occasion being a complimentary banquet to Mr. George Bashford, the contrac tor for the railway to the now popular marine suburb. Messrs. Perkins and Morehead were present — these gentlemen seem to be tbe spree taking members of tbe Government — but there was no political expressions. Perkins confessed that he once didn't believe in the Sandgate line, admitted that he was wrong, and was absolved and admitted once more to the fold of wise discerning men— that is wise discerning men from a Sandgate point of view. Morehead of course was facetious, the worthy P.M.G. is nothing if not bewildering hiB hearers with bis oratorical coruscations. Deagon, the Mayor of Sandgate, presided at the spread, and spoke with all that vigour and effect of a man determined to distinguish himself, and succeeding. He didn't quote any Scripture that I am aware of, except to say that he believed that if Bashford had a contact for a railway to — well, a warmer place th-n Bockhampton— he would not stick at the Styx, or have any care on approaching Charon. You and your readers may not con sider tiiis Scriptural, but it is about as near ae the Civic Chief of Sandgate generally ventures. The last I saw of the celebration was the arrival of the city band in Queen-street, bravely playing, and following an excitable and genial publican, who danced merrily nTwtoy the shadow of bis nmbrella — afraid of being moan-struck, you know. ; The Premier hat returned from bis southern trip, looking fresh and welL We now have ail tbe Ministers in town, and shall possibly hear something political before the date of my next letter. Hart's Company have closed a fairly success* ful season at the Theatre Royal and Mr. C. Pollard if now here mak'^p arrangements for another Brobdignagian season for the LQli* putians. Brisbane, February 16, 1883. 