SPORTING NOTES: BY RuflTioua. Again would I remind owners having horaes engbged in tho Mount Gamhier handicaps tlint acceptances closo wi h tho Secretary here nt 0 p.m. on Tuesday next.. ,Thero was no meet of the bounds on Wednes day afternoon owing to tho heavy rain which fell during"the day. Mr. W. Hu'lchison's horses; Storm ?. Queen, Truro, oud Blue Stocking arrived here on Wed nesday afternoon in charge'of P, Musgrave, They took up their quarters at Mao's Hotel, Blue Stocking shows traces of the fearful inju ries she received eomo lime ago by bolting with her boy and colliding with a fence. I understand boxes have also been secured for Mr, Johnson's string, Magic, and others. ' Thero is nothing worth mentioning anent tho doings of our local horses. Slow work is tho rulo, but trainers will liavo to brush up a bit now and send their charges along. Two of tho fittest of tho many loral animals in training aro Lavitessc and Connnught, Tho former for tho Braoelet and tho latier for the Sleeplechnso will, bo thoir frioDds think, take some boating, Mr, W, Filgnto has been appointed starter to the S.A.J,0, in room of Mr, 0, Iit MoDounid, woo ia About: visiting Eurgpo, Mr. 0. Bolto will submit to public compotitlou on Wednesday uoxt tlio raco booths, oto. TenderB nro invitod up to Friday, June 29, for tlio purchase of tlio right to use the totnliaator at tlio forthcoming Mount Goinbior Winter Steoplechaco meeting. Tlio principal coursing oyeut in this district, tho Moy Hall Cup, a 2d-dog stake at £8 8b. eaoh, was commoneed on Tuoeday and, finished on Thursday. Tho niatoli was won by Mr. F. Wobloy'a Deceit, a beautifully bred animal by Swiveller out of Swinside by Bashful Joo out of Wallflowor, Sho was bred by Mr. A, Smith, who gave her away in consequence of a dray passing ovor ono of lior hind feet injuring it so BQvorely that ho thought sho would be ussless.fo? racing: purposes. Mr, Lawson'a Harmony runnor.up, Harmony is by Sngamon (brother to Swiveller) from DnohesB by Jason. Prattle, tho third dog, who filled Mr. Harris's nomina tion, is a Mount GftmbiQr dog, but her breeding I know not, Sho rob vory unlucky in falling in her final oourso when tho udvantage apparently was in hor favor, Mr. Robertson's Zara was fourth, [ Tho Bondigo races passed off quietly on Wed nesday last, tho sport being tho roverso of excit ing. Fusilier, Wild Harry, and Stormbird filled tho places in the Hurdlorace, whilst Domadhaun, Terminus, and Bello Brandon did ditto in tho Telegraph Stakes. Vaulter bad tho next thing to a walkover for.tlio Steeplechase, aa Snrawack, tho only other starter,_ fell at tlio flrst jump and did not pursue tho jouttioy ; his rider (MoDonald) waB injured, but not sorioualy. The South Australian Jockoy Club hold their Accession meeting on Wednesday last. Tho afternoon turnod out beautifully fine and tho attendance was therefore good. In tlio Hurdlos Lady Carrington, ono of tlio improving sort, boat Anon olovorly: Rifleman was third. Cardinal impropriated tho Soiling Race, Tho Lawn and Hawthorn running second and third. Israolito, Agitation, and Totalizator ran ono, two, three for tho Viotoria Cup. Taraxaoum at longth scored a wiu iu the Steeplechase, Tho Jokor nnd Bob Cooper gaining tho situations. The Acces sion Handicap fell to Topos, Country Boy being second and Virtue third. The Wyndham Racing Club held their winter meeting on Saturday last, Tha weather was fliio, and thoro was a large attendance. Busi ness commenced with the Selling Handicap, which was won by Nymph, with Ard Righ second, and Drumstick third. Half a dozen horses started for tho Hurdlorace, victory falling to Miller, with Stormbird second, and tho favourito, Merry Maid, third. Coriolauus was Eorved up vory warm tor tho Wyndham Handi oap, but he suffered an oasy dofoat from Bounio Bee. Barley Breo boing third, The onjoyment of tlio Steopleehaso was uiarrod through tho fatal accident whioh befoll Rose, tho rider of SunBhino who foil at the third fence, when ruuning socond aud' was killed, Barlow, tho jockoy who was riding Rockot, had his oollar-bono fractured in tho samo race. Mr. Broughton's Mogio was mado tho favourito, and ho justified tho confi dence by going to tho front iu the Becond round, and winning easily from Peter, who camo vory fast at tho finish, Yerlo was third. Tho Ghost easily appropriated tho Worriboa Park Handicap Chloris being socond, and Bello Brandon third. An animal designated Old Jack lately camo in , flrst for the Maiden Plate at Parkes (N.S.W.) ; but it having transpired that ho had previously been known by tho appellation of Jack Sprat, his owner and trainor woro disqualified. Arrangements for tha £1,000 Intercolonial Champion Pigeon Matoh, between ten repre sentatives of the sister-colonies of Now South Wales and Victoria, have boon satisfactorily concluded and the shooting is to tako placo at Brighton Pork during tho Watorloo Cup week. Should any unforseen contingency occur, either team can withdraw by forfeiting £100, Wo ofton hoar nowadays of an exceptionally fast reoord. Hero 1b a champion slow record. Rata won tho Marton Rangltikei Steonleohaeo, three miles, run on tho 18th inst,, doing the [ilstauoo in 45 minutes, How is that for alow P rhe circumstance is easily explained, Only two horses started-Rata and Dioinedcs- both owned l>y a Mr. (Stevens. Ho doclarod to win with Diomodes, but tho bruto wouldn't fonce a bit, mid after waiting and waiting, until everybody's patience was oxhausted Rata lmd to bo brought along to tho winning-post. " Trumpeter" thinks that " if Blue Stooking is sent to Tho Mouiit sho should account for tlio Flying Handicap, rs if in nnything liko hor old form this Ally can run six furlongB at n rnro ! pace. Triggor is wonderfully woll handicapped in tho Steopleehaso, aud unless they lir.vo some- i thing good among the local horses the grey son sf Tregeagle should win easily, as Mr, Laurie lias ; taken a very orroncous view of his form a? com pared to that of Hotspur and Spanker, In tho , Hurdlorace I like Anon nnd King of Trumps best, .tho old Ballarqt horso being nicely treated ; if!hp possesses any of his (lash'. / Anon dgain.tnay havo uoraetliinfrto say in tlm Bracelet,' and Blue , Stooking and Roscommon read protty woll for ; tho handicaps." . . - . , 