To the Editor of The Church of England Messenger. Sir— The Rev. Mr. Ford may certainly claim the credit or beinga somewhat unscrupulous controversialist. He says, in his letter in your issue of the 11th of October, that in the letter of ' Vindex,' in the August number of T/te Messenger, it is boldly stated (the italics, are his own) that the Qxiieunque Vult is the work o£ Athanasius.: What I said was that the latest evidence on the subject goes to prove that the Creed ' was most probably written between the years 428. and 450, but that it mav have- Veen in existence, as Cardinal Newman , asserts, in 341, and have been written by Athanasius himself.' I did not state, boldly or otherwise, that Athanasius was the author of the ;';?. -Creed, though I think it very likely that he was, and certainly all Mr. Ford's arguments in favour of a later date are very far indeed from being conclusive. But when so able and profound a scholar as ?Cardinal Newman — more competent, perhaps, than any other man living to pronounce an opinion on the subject — refers to the Creed as being without question the work of St. Athanasius, I must confess that, even if no other evidence were attainable, I should have the bad ? taste to prefer his authority to that of Mr. Ford. I am somewhat curious to know when it was that Mr. Ford dis covered the Creed in question was false ? and unscriptural. Was it ~ before subscription ? If so, what are we to think of his honesty? Or, if it was only after he had taken the oaths, how will he clear ; himself from the imputation of criminal ignorance and negligence ? I would commend to his attention a sentence from Welshman's notes on the Eighth Article. ?' As many,' he says, ' as subscribe to this Book of Articles, and yet do not believe that the three Creeds (the Nicene, Athanasius, and the Apostles') are agreeable to Holy Scripture, are guilty of lying abominably, both to God and man.' Mr. Ford is singularly unfortunate in his selection of Baxter as an assistant in his crusade against the Athanasian Creed, for although as a Dissenter Baxter's opinion of oar creeds or articles will be of very little interest or importance to Churchmen, yet on this point he has expressed him self so clearly and decidedly in favour of : the Creed that I am astonished Mr. Ford should have ventured to refer to him. He says — ' I embrace the Ch'eed commonly, called, Athanaaius as tiw best explication of the Trinity;' and again, ' I unfeignedly account the doctrine of the Trinity the sum and kernel of the Christian religion, as expressed in our baptism, and Athanasius Creed the best ',. explication of it that I ever read.' r' ,:.;.. The doctrine maintained in the Athanasian Creed is the doctrine of the.gospel. It was the doctrine of the primitive Church, main tained in all its public creeds and in the private confessions of every Baint whose: memory the Church holds dear. It continued to be the bulwark of, the faith, while exposed to manifold corruptions, in the ages that preceded the Reformation. It was the doctrine of Luther, the doctrine of Calvin, the doctrine of every reformed Church, and was even received by. the Puritana themselves ; and it has been no. less truly than beautifully called ' The Creed of the Saints and the Anthem, of- the Blest.' Dean.Combes says : — ' As to the mattec;of it, at doth very fully and particularly condemn all the heresies thatHvere . of old in the time of this great bulwark of ,the Catholic faith, forbidding us to confound the persons of the Trinity with, Sabelliug, or to divide the substance with Arius and Eunomius. It shows ns against Arius and Macedonius that both the Son is God and the- Holy Ghost is God. It confesses Christ to be God, of the substance of- His Father, against Samosatenus and Photinus, and man of the substance of his mother, against Apollinaris; yet He is not, as Nestorius' dreamed, two, but one Christ ; not by confusion of substance, aa Eutyches held, but by unity of person; so that this Creed is the. quintessence of ancient orthodox divinity, and. the means to extirpate all those acenrsedheresies, some of which our age hath seen revived. ' The subject is an extensive one, but I must not trespass further on your space to- day, and remain, your faithful servant, ??' - \- . ; ? ..?, ? .. -.-. Vindex. 