; N an articlaflnJ^arclL^J, (from whicli we I gave an extract in our last issue,) the Times proceeds :—It is, we must allow, not easy to resist Mr. lloylo's, arguments in favor of some legislative restraint upon the sale of intoxicating brinks. He lifts facts and figures-so far on his side as to give powerful support to .his . case. Sweden, Scotland.-^pJ .Switzerland, are, he argues, three VelU(¥M4edWpuitpfcs. pliey afford " therefhrW'tKd moreici- uoial-'cxaiiples. o£ the results we may look for from the interference ?orinon?iut<»f«r^cep/ the Legislature with the liquor trSfli'c'' Sweden, thirty years ago, was the most drunken country m Europe. It has been reformed since, but only after an amendment of its licensing laws. In Scotland, the passing of the Forbes McKenzie Act for closing publichouses on (Sundays reduced the sale of spirits by some twenty-one percent, almost at a Btroke. In Switzerland opposite causes have produced opposite results. In 1874 t the cantons were deprived of the power they had previously possessed of regulating the sale of drink. Increased facilities for drinking have been followed by increased drunkenness and by its attendant—increased crime. The mischief has been growing so fast as to occasion grave anxiety among men of all clasBe?. Mr. Hoyle's inference is no more than the facts warrant. He argues that among ourselves, too, facilities for drinking and drinking itself will be found to vary together. Increase the facilities, and the drinking will increase. Diminish them, and the drinking will diminish. We must set on the other side the Bishop of Peterborough's well-known dictum, that he had rather see his countrymen free than sober. It is melancholy indeed if we are to be asked to surrender a liberty which we hive hitherto enjoyed, but with which we are no longer fit to be trusted." HERE is only a mild kind of interest at T present manifested in the candidature to fill the vacancy in the representation of Victoria. That is to say, only about half a dozen people have been named to fill the one seat. The prevailing idea is that Mr. T. C. Ellis is the favorite of the Mount Gambier people because, because he is. That is about the first and last reasons j excepting that he held the Benaira Station, and made himself genially popular among the youug men of that bucolic region. As for politics, the dream is quite new ; but it is whispered that he had set his heart upon entering the New Zealand Legislature. He tarries there just now, and has property there, and the very strong reason for offering his services to the country that he wants a railway made through his run. Vive U patriot! OURNALISM in Queensland is conducted J upon strict principles of plain speaking. The Towers Herald thus delivers itself in a recent number : — " The Northern Miner property is rated at J£IOO or £200 and the Towers Herald rabbit hutch at £25. This is one of the latest lies told by the most consummate liar in the colony, Thadeus O'Kane. He is so widely known as an unscrupulous liar, that it becomes monotonous to keap on repeating to our readers that he will do anything and condescend to any meanness to join his nefarious ends" \\\TE are not aloue in our agricultural Y\ troubles and difficulties, and in the results sequent thereon. Emigration from Switzerland, chiefly to America, is stated to be assuming proportions almost alarming. Several districts in the Bernese Oberland are fast becoming depopulated. In Guttaraen there is said to be only a cat left! In one week 900 people left the Bernese Jura. Tiie exodus is ascribed to agricultural distress arising from bad seasons and American competition. We will not wickedly suggest what would be the effect upon South Australian prosperity if agricultural interests were represented by a Cat(t) ! F ROM the following extract from the Cicero Correspondent (the little journal issued in manuscript on the immigrant ship Cicero, and now in the press) it would seem as though the "tiuck" or "tommy shop " system were in force in our Government Immigration depot at homo. We publish the complaint made, in order to direct the Minister's attention to the matter. If the statement is in any way incorrect, it should meet with a public refutation:— TO THIS KD1TOB. DKAH SIR—May I be allowed, through the medium of your journal, to draw attention to the great strictuess—not to say severity—with which emigrants are treated at the Emigration Depot, at Plymouth, by the authorities there. After payment of my passagemoney at the Australian Government Oflices, in VicLoria-strect, Westminster, I received an order to attend at the Emigration Depot, at Plymouth, in tch readiness for embarkation in the Cicero, on J an. 10. I thereupon proceeded to dispose of my furniture and other belongings, take a last farewell of relatives in different parts, prepare and pack my goods for embarkation, &c.; This kept me fully occupied up to the time of leaving my home, so much so, that I defeiTCit making purchases of necessaries for the voyage, as also, tools of my trade, until after my arrival at Plymouth, when I fully expected I should be at liberty to do so, having two or three days to spare before embarkation. In tliis, however, I had reckoned without the authorities, as I will endeavor to explain : In strict accordance with the insti uctions Jon ^iriy embarkation-papers, I reported myself, accompanied by my wife and family, to the Master of the Dppot, at Plymouth, on January 8th. Next day, afder performing such duties as were required of me, I purposed going into the town with my wife to purchase many little necessaries and comforts for the voyage, as also, some tools. Upon presenting ourselves at the gates we were ordered back by the gate-keeper with the remark that " none, after once coining in, wont out again without a pass fron) the Master." 1 thereupon applied to the M-. for leave to go out, stating my requirements, but 1 was again sternly told that none could go out, and that all necessaries could be purchased at the stores inside the I >epot. I explained that I was desirous of taking with me some additional tools, which, perhaps, could not be purchased at Adelaide. The Master again refused me permission to go out, and ordered me out of his office. Next day, Sir A. Blyth, he Agent-General, visited the Depot, and inspected the immigrants, and upon the question, " Are there any complaints being put?" I stepped forward, and renewed my application for permission to go out. Sir A. Blyth referred me to the Master, and upon iny saying he had already refused, he, Sir Arthur, said he could not interfere. Upon my going to the Depot store next morning, to purchase some small articles of provisions, I was surprised to find there, t\Mhuj goods over live, counter, the identical gentleman (whom I understood to be the Master) who had refused me permission to go out to make my purchases. I could now understand what had been before somewhat inexplicable, and I think it an anomaly that the official in charge of an Emigration Depot should have pecuniary interest in such a store, or any connection therewith. He, it appears, has the power (at least, he uses it) to shut the Depot gates upon the emigrants, thus driving them to the store, with whicli he is connected, to purchase articles of necessity, poor in quality, but exorbitant in price Many families were also greatly disappointed. It could not be said that there was not time, for most of the four hundred emigrants for Adelaide were at the Depot at G p.m. on the Sth, and did not go on board the Cicero until noon on Thursday, January 11.—A SUFFERER. March 17, 1883. EFERRING to this letter, "Edmund R Holbrook " also writing to the Editor of the interesting little journal, after endorsing " A Sufferer's " statements, adds:— The beds aud bedding at the Depot were dirty in the extreme, with vermin abundant, some of the beds being very damp, especially in the married people's dormitories, rheumatism, and colds being rife amongst the passengers both young and old ever since ; the labor of the Surgeon-Superintendent being increased in consequence. The suggestion in your able leader of the same date will, through the publication of the paper, receive, I trust, the attention of the Government; the deck accommodation of the Cicero was very indifferent, the passengers necessarily being driven below in bail weather. The Dietary Scale requires a complete revision, the salt beef, except on very few occasions, was unfit for human food, it being like so much " salted leather." It would be better to have preserved meat or fish on four days of the week, and pork the remainder ; the pork too was exceedingly tough and always as salt as brine. The absurdity of crowding into one day preserved meat, potatoes, rice, oatmeal, and pudding, 'while the next day there was scarcely anything to eat, was apparent. It would be better to make the whole of the preserved meat into a stew with vegetables, and serve it out as the other hot foods are, it would then eat more palatable and nutritious. The bread was insufficient in quantity, the children especially feeling it : less biscuits—which were frequently wasted—"and more bread would be much better. The supply of articles, coming under the head of groceries, was very meagre, the lime juice should have also been continued weeks longer than what it was, many of the emigrants before the termination of the voyage having various pimples break out upon the skin through the unaccustomed salted diet. The absurdity, too, of serving out the same hot foods in the tropics as were given in the colder latitudes was shewn ; the various kinds of cheap tinned fish, Scotch barley, crushed wheat, and wheat meal would certainly be better dining the hot weather. The water was certainly good ana abundant. If there had been a store 011 board for the purchase of necessary articles by the emigrants—excluding alcoholic liquors—they to be had only through the doctor — it would have been pleasanter for them, [and they would not have felt the loss of their usual food. Those who drew up the dietary scale evidently did not consider much whether the food was sufficient or suitable for emigrants at sea, and it is to be hoped that some representations from the Cicero emigrants collectively, will be made to the Government so that those who come after us may benefit by the ventilation of those grievances, and you sir, by the insertion of letters in your valuable paper the "Cicero Correspondent," will deserve the thanks of all future emigrants. HILST upon this question of Immigration W it may be useful to direct attention to a most disgrascful conditionof affairs that has recently been disclosed in connection with the Immigration system of New South Wales. The Newcastle Morning Herald has been unsparing in its indignant denunciation of the state of things prevailing. The Government modical officer has recently furnished a report which abundantly justifies the severe animadversions in which the journal alluded to had indulged. Dr. Mackellaradmits thatmuch of the mortality on board immigrantships, which has aroused so much indignation lately, has resulted from insufficient hospital accommodation. This is confirmed by Captain Calder of the immigrant ship Crusader, who stated in his evidence before the Immigration Board, that his "••vessel was not so well ventilated as when he was carrying cooliesV' r rlIA.T such an abominable state of affairs 1 should be allowed to exist under a civilized government in this nineteenth century almost exceeds credibility. It is a standing disgrace to the country in which it has occurred, and a foul blot upon its humanity. And it is significant upon one point to" which the working classes will do well to direct their earnest attention. It shows unmistakably the sentiments of the indent advocates of free immigration, the champions of Free-Trade who would persuade the working ciasses that the intrjduction of even slavo labor must tend-to their advantage. Wo see here in what direction the solicitude of these importers of labor at the laborer's expense lies. So long as they can get cheap labor they care not straw about l!:o horror* to others which maybe involved in theirprofit. We do notsav that they would actually vote for a continuance of such abominations as have been disclosed in connection with the Sydney white slave traffic ; but we do charge them as energetic champions of labor importation with having displayed the mont criminal neglect in taking care tl at thorough provision was made to guard against the disgusting abuses which have been revealed in connection with the transport of the immigrants, and with further displaying very little indignation or even interest when the shocking disclosures have been made. The lesson imparted is one that we hope that the working classes will take well to heart; whilst we also trust that the exposure will lead to increased vigilance upon the part of our own immigration authorities, to guard against the possibility of any approach to such scandalous abuses creeping into our own system. C AN our worthy station master tell us what is the object of locking the doors of four or five of the railway carriages on the Port end of the Adelaide train, of an evening ? The carriages are not detached, and the lights are left burning, and instances have been brought under our notice where passengers have waited, expecting the guard to come aud open the doors, and the train has started off aud left them behind. The practice appears to us to have 110 reason about it, and to serve 110 object whatever. fPHE question of what the Government pro- 1 pose to do with regard to the South-east dummying cases is engrossing a good deal of interest and inducing conjecture in the district concerned. The Karracoorte Herald says :— " The Members of the Assembly for Albert will oblige many of their constituents, and inform the country generally, of how the public estate is sometimes made to benefit one class, if they will move for and obtain a detailed account of how, by whom, and for what purpose each of the forfeited selections has been used sine? the forfeiture, and how each one is now being used. If such a report were made truthfully (and we take the liberty of very much doubting whether this would be so) a quantity of information would lie made public, which would greatly assist Members of Parliament in coming to a decision as to who is benefitted by the alleged dummied land. What will the tiovenmienl do V It is interesting to note how the Jiegistar, faithfully adhering to its traditional squatting instincts and sympathies, has nothing to say about tiie gross mor il fraud by which thousands of acres of the people's land have fallen into the hands of patriotic pastoralists. And yet our contemporary's vrtuous indignation is thon uglily awakened by such atrocious conduct as an attempted evasion of the l'rubate duties. pKOTE.STANTL.SM should advance in J- A^ictoria if any cause can be promoted by the weapons of kir.dness, or if opposition and wrath can always be turned away by a soft answer. The Victorian Banner thus refers to the Rev. C. Strong and Dr. IJromby as advocates of Sunday opening of public libraries and museums :—As the Hov. C. St/ongand the Rev. Dr. Bromby are members of this Sunday Society, they mu-t be couriered as among the promoters and abettors of this infamous proceeding! Such zeal and enery in furtherance of evil insensibly recall to mind an ancient denunciation:—" AVoo unto you Scribes and Pharisees hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when lie is made ye make him two J old wore the child of hall than oyurselves."' The italics are the Jjanner's. M OST decidedly the b g^est tiling in creation will (says Iron) b:; the line of railway proposed by Mr. Rowan Helper, an engineer of Missouri, when completed. Mr- Helper has put forward a project for making a direct line between Behring Straits, at the extreme north of the American contineir, and Cape Horn at its south. This line is to be styled. "The American Intercontinental Railroad," and Mr. Helper and his associates declare that it will be opened (or traflic by the year 1892 which will be the 400th anniversary of the discovery of the New World. If the promoters can get the money there <s really nothing that will hinder them from making their cherished line of railway, but we stand aghast at its cost, The railway would stretch for nearly the whole distance between ills Arctic and Antarctic Circles, from about 65 deg. N. to 55 deg. S. latitude and would consequently have a direct lengtu of about 7.500 miles, and allowing 25 per cent, for deviation,.from the straight line, of nearly 9,500 miles. Supposing the nsn d type f„r America, a 561b, rail to be employed t!u- weight of mot il p-. s r mile for a single line of railw ly wnul.i be 8S tuns, a..d thus no ]es< than 8,56,000 tons of rails would be used in tlii-; construction of the perm uient way Hut as the UM. k of such a railway w.'idd bo ;ilin>>-t sit re In be double, the above t- tal would also have to be doubled. O N Sunday next, the Coronation "of the Czar of Russia is announced to take place. The constitutional reforms which have been demanded, have been refused by the autocratic sovereign, and he has determined in the face of all threats to go through with the ceremony which has so long been delayed. The,wisdom of England sending her greatest General to take part in the festivities (?) and share in the risk attendant upon the ceremony, is more than doubtful. If the Czar had granted the reforms asked for, and was mtide the object of malignant and causeless persecution, we might consider the propriety of evincing our sympathy with him in such a way as is proposed, but whilst we may be prepared to denounce with lively horror Nihilistic schemes and action, we should demur to exhibiting sympathy with serfdom and tyranny. If the ceremony should pass off satisfactorily we shall have little cause to congratulate ourselves upon having given our countenance to the Czar in li s battle against the people ; and if the Nihilists should by any chance of circumstances be successful in accomplishing their threats, in such a way is to involve any wholesale sacrifice of life, there would be no feature in connection with the affair to console us for any loss we suffered. The plan of procedure is for a force of 50,000 tr -opsand 40,000 policemen to occupy Moscow during the. ctremonv. The Czar and Carina will arrive to Moscow on May 26th, making their triumphal entry the following day. The coronation will t"ke place on Sunday. After the fetes at'Moscow it will be the turn of St. Petersburg, where there will be a triumphal entry and subsequent official and popular festivities. rilHE returns of the Suez Canal Company J- to December 3L 1882, show that the past year lias been the most prosperous one the canal has ever seen, the number of vessels making the transit being 3,198, as against 2,727 in 18S1; the tonnage being 6,811,521, as against; 5,791,401, and the receipts being 00,501,878 f., as against 51,271,352 f. The excess is, therefore, 471 vessels, 1,017,120 tons, and 9;230,526 f. The biisiness done bv the Company during the first" year, 1870, amounted in value to 5,155),327'f. for the transit of 4SG vessels, of which the collective tonnage was 135,911 —thus showing the progress that has been made since that time. The operations of the British expeditionary fnrc2 in Egypt last autumn realized for the Company a sum of 2,000,000 f. The traffic in the month of .September, when Lord Wolseley occupied the canal, was 2iG vessels and the receipts were (5,120,000 f., as compared with 199 vessels and receipts of 3,SH,810E. in Sep teinber, 1881. The dividend of the Company was 13-7 per cent., including the 5 per cent, interest which each share carries. The increase in the revenue In 1882— namely, about 9 per cent.—will probably raise the dividend for that year to something over 20 per cent, for each share of the nominal value of 100 f. The return of English shipping and tonnage passing through the Suez Caual in 18S2 shows that France, Holland, and Ge many have increased in greater proportion than England. The gross British tonnage increased from five millions in the previous year to six in 1882: but that of France jumped from under 290,000 to over 400,000, and Germany sent 254,274 tons, as against 187,910. The figures indieale that the Continental nations are making some headway in the shipping trade. I T seems that Ladj- Florence Dixie is given to dreaming. It is stated that a remarkable incident occurred in 1879, when Lady F. Dixie published a poem which she declared she had wiitten in 1873—six years before the death of the Prince Imperi 1. That poem contains an exact account of the circumstances of his death, and Ladv F. Dixie, in sending it for publication, said slie dreamed it ail. The poem is a long one, over eighty lines, and is most minute 111 its description of the circumstances of the Prince's death. ' These lines, for instance, occur — High o'er the boy (lashed the Imperial crown, Ami, through its lilniy shroud, the destined name Sv_ r nilica\it in blood-red letters gleamed— Napolkox ! Hark to that horrid shriek, unearthly sound ! A hundred demons crowd upon the scene. With horried shrieks and yells, and features menacing. They hurl ibeir darts at that pale, lonely boy. The scene became unearthly, fiendish yells Incarnate lillcd the air. Pale unto death, Yet all undaunted, facing life dark foes, Reliance in tho.se glazing eyes, despair Stamped on that childish brow, he stands at bay, Heioic unto death. Bright gleams the sword That, flashes green and ghost-like in his baud, Waving aloft. A hundred darts whirl round And strike him down. One glance lie casts to where. Biases on high the bright Imperial Crown, / nd the »reat name, now blurred and dimmed in blood, And shouts that name, " Napoleon," &c.; That is dated 1873. A shorter poem follows, "The iJivam 1'ullilled," and dated 1879. The account given by Lady F. Dixie was that she dreamed in 1873 the incidents of the first poem, which she stated she immediately wrote. Does this susceptibility to "dream dreams " and to " see visions " account for Lady Florence's latest romantic;episode ? How TO GET SICK.—Expose yourself day and night, eat too much without exercise, work too liari without rest, doctor all the time, take all the vile nostrums advertised, and then you will want to know. We would direct attention of publicans and others to an advertisement of Messrs. Saunders Bros., appearing elsewhere. The advertisement speaks for itself. This Marine Board have issued noticc to Mariners that the Lighthouse on Cape Northumberland lias now painted thereon three bands—white, red, and white—from base to lantern platform, instead of, white as heretofore. The Mask Ball held in the Tort Town Hall on Wednesday evening under the auspices of the Port Football Club passed off most successfully. We trust that the financial result may be as satisfactory as the general management of the affair. The North Adelaide Temperance Life Boat Crew with "local assistance gave a very enjoyable and successful entertainment in the Port Congregational schoolroom on Tuesday evening in aid of the Church organ fund. Mr. H. W. Thompson presided. In the inquest on the body of the little child, son of Mr. Pearce, Alberton, killed by being run over by a trolly driven by Neilson, in St. Vincent-street, the evidence showed clearly that the accident was purely accidental aud that no blame attached to any one. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. W13 arc very pleased to learn that our townsman! Mr. J. Langley, has been granted a four months' leave of absence by the Government. The holiday has been thoroughly well-earned by an efficient service of seventeen years in the Port Post Office. We heartily congratulate Mr. Langley and hope he will thoroughly enjoy his holiday. At the present time there are five females and nin cteeu males under the care of the authoriticslat the Convalescent Home, who appear to be happily progressing in the direction of restored health. Mrs, J-icPagc, the Matron, informs us that recently she had no fewer than thirty convalescents under her carc, and then the limited extent of the sleeping accommodation made perfcet management very di Hie alt. At the Marine Board meeting 011 Wednesday last Captain Smith was highly indignant that the Treasurer should assume it as within his province to deal with the question of Compulsory Pilotage. Under oidinary circumstances we should say the contention of Captain Smith, virtually supported by Mr. J. Neill, would be correct. Tn purely nautical questions, as a Irule, tin Board should be supreme. But in a case like the present one, where the parties concerned are almost, absolutely unanimous in asking that extra provision may be made to ensure safety, we cauot see that there should be the slightest hesitation in an appeal to the Government, and a response to that appeal, even though the granting of a response should have the direful consequence of abolishing the Marine Board altogether. IN connection with the death of the unfortunate engineer of the Ethel, it may be remembered that the Marine Engineers' Association had been in correspondence with the Marine Board, objecting to the employment of the man as contrary to the provisions of the Marine Board Act. The Board replied to the effect that no action could be taken until the by-laws were passed, which was about equivalent to asserting that until that time there was noj Marine authority in the colony under the old Act or the new. When the by-laws were passed, however, still 110 action was taken by the Board, The leniency shown did not do the recipient much service, and the poor fellow's melancholy end might perhaps have been averted had different action been adopted. ON Tuesday evening a pleasant entertainment was given under the Presidency of Mr. Dcrrington at the Home for Convalescent's Semaphore, by a party of ladies and gentlemen from North Adelaide and Walkerville. The purposes of the gathering were to provide an agreeable evening for the inmates, to afford an opportunity for a friendly reunion among local residents, and to promote a fund for the purchase of a new pianoforte for the Institution. The following; programme was- excellently carried outOverture—"Casta Diba," Norma, Miss Slater ; Song—" Sing me an English Song," Miss Bisset; Reading (Comic) '' A Tale of Tuscany," Mr. Lock ; Song—" At the Ferry"' Miss Robertson ; Rocitation —" Over the Hill to the Poorhouse," Mr. Robertson; Duet—•' To the Wood," Misses Bisset and Bradley ; Song—" The Mermaid's Song," Mr. J. H. Boyket: Overture—Miss Slater ; Trial Scene—" Bardeli" Pickwick with the following cast:—Mr. Justice Hareleigh, Mr. E. H. Lock ; Sergeant Buzfuzz ; Mr.Geo.Robertson ; SergeantSnubbinMr.H.Robertson; S. Pickwick, Esq., Mr. L. Bevilaqua ; N. Winkle, Esq., Mr. J. H .[Boyket; Mr. Weller, senr., A Friend; Mr. Weller, Junr., Mr. W. Robertson; Ciier of the Court, Mr. T. Burrows; Mrs. Elizabeth Cluppins M r. E. Lock ; Foreman of Jury Mr. T. Boyket ; Duct— 1 ' Where do Fairies Dwell," Misses Bisset and Bradley ; Recitation— " Othello's apology for his marriage," Mr. J. E. Lock ; Song—" The Fairies" Miss Robertson; Song—" Bridget's Replj" Miss Bradley. /The whole closed wiih a verse of the National Anthem, In a topic, in our last iBsne, the drink bill of 1882 was given as £122,179,276; it Bhould have been £122,279,275. We observe that Mr. Charles G. F. Richards has been appointed railway stationmaster at the Semaphore, 6th class. The Port Football Club try conclusions with the North Adelaides on the Kensington Oval to-morrow. The Norwoods and South Parks meet on the Adelaide Oval. Ball to be kicked off in both cases at 2.45; let us hope that punctuality will be observed. The Port players are W. Bushby J. Fitzpatrick, B. Hosie, C, Killet, R. Kirkpathrick, J. E. Litchford, J. Martin, J. McKenzie, T. McMillan, D. McNaughton, R. Randall, W. Reid, J. Sidoli, G. Slatter (Vice Captain), J. Slight, H. Smith, R. Turpenny (Captain), A. Wain, G. Watsford, and F. Wedd ; Emergency, McDonald. The Port Imperials meet the Kent Towns on the Kent Town ground. The Imperial players are C. Fry. (Vice-Captain), J. Fry, J. Field, H. King, J. Knapp, J. Lonergan, J. Lindsay, Jas. Munro, J. McKenzie, J. McBeth, S. Mead, J. Nicholson, S. Prideaux (Captain), E. Raven, G. Reid, T. Rowland, Sheedy, Whitfield, Ward, J. McDonald, Emergency, D. Richards, Barnett, T. Sullivan. 