THIS DAY. Monday, April 1G. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., Jolm Rces, Philip Santo, and E. Lucy.] Bridget Martin had to paylos. for drunken ness. Phillip Coslello, Stephen O'leury, John Alexander, Richard Beare, and John McCar dell were fined 10s. e? sh for being drunk. John Johnson, for drunkenness and in dccent exposure, had to pay £1. John Lendy, for being drunk and using in dccent language, was finedlod. Elizabeth Wallace, for being drunk [and using language calculated to provoke a breach of the peace, was fined £1. Annie Fogarty, James Flanigan, and John Eddy were fined £1 each for using indccrnt language and being drunk. Cathe-i ire Wcoley and Augusta Field were charged with loitering. Both defendants pleaded not guilty, and denied the charge, Pined £1 each. Rosetta Kirlputrick had to pay £1 for loiter ing. Frederick Honrs and John Read were charged on the information of Inspector Sullivan with beirg idle persons having no visible means of support. Defendantspleaded not guilty. Detectives Hampton and Burchell stated that the prisoners would not work, but were in the habit of loafing about the streets and getting their living from drunken men. Sentenced to two months' hard labor each. John Bennett, laborer, was charged on the information of Margaret, his wife, with not complying with a maintenance order. Tre proiecutux stated ibat an order had bc?n made against the defendant, but he had nob complied m ith it, and the arrears were now £4. Ordered to pay the arrears and costs, £5 in all. Defendant stated he would never pay his wife a tingle penny, much less £4, Walter Thorn was charged by John Bradley with stealing from him one sword bayonet, ^alue 20s., the propeity of Her Majesty's Goyetrment, at Adelaide, on April 14. Frosccutor stated that he was a volunteer in B Battel y of AitiJlery, and was goinej home from parade whenhewas stuckupbydefendant and two other men- Defendant took h;g bayonet from the scabbard, and handed it to one of the others, who went off with it, and he had cot teen it since. By defendant—Was not gesticulating with the bayonet, or show ing the defendant how the rifle worked. Did not say, "lama Tipperaxy soldier, and if I had teen in the Zulu war I would have done some execution." (Laughter). Had drunk a littlebeer that evening. LaurenceMcGrath, a lad, stated that on last Saturday eveninghesaw prosecutor nepr the Shamrock Hotel. Saw defendant tske the bayonet from the prose cutor and pretend to put it in again. He did not do s.o. but handed it to a man behind him. Pob'ce-constable Sayer3 stated that airested the prisoner off Currie-strcet oi Saturday right. Told him the charge a'~d cautioned him. Defendant replied in filthy language. Had searched for the bayonet but could not find it. At this stage His Woi' chip remanded the case for a week. ACTION FOR LIBEL. •jOLOIMO" V. LIXKIiATER. This was a case in which the plaintiff, Samuel Moss Solomon, charged the defen« dant, F. Harvic Linklater, solicitor, of Ade laide, and Wm, Barnet, of Gawler, pub lisher, with the publication of an alleged defamatory libel contained in the "Town Talk" column of the Gawler Bunyip newspaper on March 23. Mr. Wadey and Mr. Cox for the plaintiff, ana Mr. Yilleneuve Smith and Mr. Matthews for the defendant. The alleged libel was ps follows:—" Some considerable time ago in the days when piratical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theatre Royal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious ifcate of mix behind the scenes, a daring, but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of 'aheeing shomethingsfor notings ma tear.' Withtlrs end in view the gentleman (?) in question, after some little exertion and no small ex penditure of finger nails, attained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald's stabling, from which vantage kiound he had an uninterrupted view of the uudraped \, 1 adow of the room wherein certain undraped young ladies were in a habit of noctiunally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight until in an ill sfaricd moment a brother tom-cat uplifted his voice in a minor key at his elbow! The sound attracted the attention of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hapless intruder that his darling shirit-tront and glittering diamond studs had been ' spotted !' Vainly he strove to make h»'s way to terra firma ! Unnerved and gasp ing, he hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from {which perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and property-man. But his tioubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, andhadhimtoo! They took him to Jtheir dressingroom, and, having plentifully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly l applied their ready pow powdcr puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion tfie old man raised his eyes and his hands, and exclaimed —Holy Moses ! ish dat a ghost or a rolling pin ? . . . Now, you would hardly crcdit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentle men. Of course, after the above narrative evei^one will know what for I" the letter, -which was sent 011 April 5, the letter was ignored, and then the name of the writer was given up. He would consent to his learned friend's (Mr. Smith) suggestion and withdraw the cue as against Mr. Barnett. Mr. Smith—Then why didn't you say so before ? The case against the defendant, Mr, Link later, was then proceeded with. Michael John Stapleton, a bootmaker, said he lived at Gawler. Bought a copy of the Gawler JJunyip dated March 23. Ke sent a copy of the paper down to Mr. Moss Samuel Soloman, at Adelaide. By Mr. Smith—Remembered reading the article, it was a matter of opinion whether it was right that such a thing should be pub lished. He sent the paper to the informant, who wrote asking him to send it. Did not know Mr. Solomon at the time. Did not know why Mr. Solomon wrote to him. "Was not sure about the initials of the writer, but thought they were "M. J." Moss Samuel Soloilion, the informant, said lie was a clerk employed Mr. Isaacs btore, ii Hindley-street. Received a CDpy of theGawlcs. JBunyip of March 23. Gave it to Mr. Cox, solicitor. Was a sergeant in B Battery of tue Port Adelaide Artillery. Was of the Hebrew persuasion. Was acquainted with all tbe Jews in the artillery force. There were about four of them—their names were Maior Solomon, two gunners in A battery, and himself. Major Solomon was the only Hebrew commissioned officer there. Witness had lately undergone an ex amination for a commission of lieutenant in the artillery. Was examined on March 29. Had sent in an application for the examination within a month bafore. Had read the article, his attention being called to it on March 27. The latter portion of the alleged libel referred to himself. By Mr. Smith—Had been in the Military Force six years. Knew such persons as Lena Grey and Lena Carey. As an officer and gentleman he should say that a man wno Jookcd through a window at ladies dre' iirg or undressing ought to be hor-awhipped. (Left Sitting%) Mr. Smith said to order to shorten the pro ceeding he proposed with his learned friend's consent to ask the bench to at once dismiss an unnecessary enquiry as to Mr. Barnett, on the very highest authority in this country. The following letter, dated March 27,18S3, which his learned friend (Mr. Wadey) ad mitted having written to Mr. Barnett: rendered any further action being taken unnecessary in respect to Mr. Barnett:— "We have been consulted by Mr. M. S. Solomon, Sergeant of B Battery Adelaide Artillery, respecting a gross libel of and con cerning him which appeared in your issue of the 23rd inst., under the heading 'Town Talk' (by Pelts), and are instructed to com mcnce criminal proceedings against the wiiter foithwith. We have therefore to de mand from you the name, address, and occu pation of the writer of such article, arid to inform you that unless we receive same by this day week proceedings will be commented against you tor publishing the article." He was instructed that he could prove that that week's time was enlarged, and the im plied condition of not prosecuting was com plied with within the extended time. IInder the circumstances he asked the bench to dismiss the case on the celebrated authority of the Queen v. King. The writers names were given then, and the decision of the court was given under precisely similar cir cumstances. Mr. Wadey denied that any extension of time had been given. On behalf of his clients he demanded the name of the writer of the alleged libel within a period of a week. No reply was received to that, but after the week had expired his firm had an interview with Mr. Linklater and certain conditional offers were made by him. Hia firm wrote a letter stating exactly what was required, but instead of replying to 