ENTHRONEMENT OF THE BISHOP. The imposing ceremony of formally in- <*> stalling the second Anglican bishop of Ade- <*> laide took place at St. Peter's Cathedral on the morning of March 7. By ten o'clock the cathedral was filled by s congregation com posed almost entirely of members of the Church of England, who had been admitted by tickets bearing tie names cf the holders. One manifest advantage of this system was that "no unseemly crashing disturbed the appropriate decorum of the proceedings. In the Geological college of St. Barnabas, im mediately opposite to the_ cathedral, those who were to nave places in the procession assembled, and at the hour for beginning the service, 10.30 ajn., the starting of the proeeaSonal hymn 392 (A. and M.) was the signal for a movetotiie cathedral. First came thebgpomj wardensof giecaUiedratfallowed by a large tmmber of tfce lay Bynodsmen representing the various churches of the diocese. These were followed by a chorister ? besting one of fie cathedral banners, and then i -the choir of forty-one boys and men. Next in order was another banner-bearer, who pre ccdcd-the clergy, who marched in the follow, ing order:- Deacons—Revs. M. M. Wbittoa. S. Hinson. Leader. B.A, LLuB., and W. S. Moore; Priests—Ben. C. H. Young, J. Smith, M.A., W. J. BasselL B. Kenny, M.A., & French, M-A^ J. Orchard, F. B. Coghlan. 8.A.. J. W. Gower, A. Sells, sen., JLA..-F. T. Whitington, J. M. Donaldson, J. C Haynes, J. Hougnton, B. B. Webb, M.A^ H. Hewitt, C. G. Taplin, F. S. Poole, M~A., W. H. Mndie. H. M. Poffitt, A. Honser, T. Field. M.A., R, Reid, B. X Miller, C. W. Hawkins, K. Jenkins, F. Williams, M*-. — M?HJ<;'" t MIA.; Hono rary Canons—E. T. HowelL M.A.; C. W. Hone, M.A., S. Green, TV. B. Andrews, A. Dendy. D.D. (cathedral precentor); Canons —W. JEL Coos?bs ; Archdeacons—C. Harryat HJL, (Adelaide), sod G. Dove, M. A. (Flin ders), the Very Rev. Dean Russell, B.D. As the clergy end of the procession passed out of the college it was met by the bishop's chaplain (the JJe*. Mr. Banstorne, M.A.), bearing the l??t^— 1 staff—presented come Tears ago to the late bishop, and by him handed to Dr. Kentaon—and followed by the bishop, who wore die robes usually adopted by the Angli can Episcopate, namely lawn rochet, black satis chinere. and the scarf and hood of a doctor of divinity. Behind the bishop walked Mr. A. Sturcke. the registrar of the <liffffffH?. Upon entering the cathedral the choir and clezpy took-their places in the choir, and die bishop was conducted to the j episcopal <*??? in the im part of the build ing, the dean and canons sitting immediately opposite to him. The cathedral altar m j vested in anew white satin frontal, orna mented with a floriated cross in gold, and had a purple snperfrontal and two orphreys of the came color, the intention evidently being to nnite the idea of the special festal service of the day with that of the current Lenten season. Four vases of white flowers rested upen the retable, and the general effect was chaste and appropriate. As morning prayer had been said at 7.30 o'clock the special service wan at once begun by the precentor (Dr. Dendy), and choir in toning tie lesser litany and veraicles end responses of the daily office, the Dean adding the subjoined special collect for the occasion:—"O Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who has' gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with Thy heavenly grace all bishops and pastors Oat they may lead Thy people into good pastures and bring them safely to -*-Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy ser vant who has been invested with the office of a bishop, we pray that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervor of love and purity of life that he nay use hia office welL So we that are Thy people and tie sheep of Thy pasture will rive Thee thanks for ever: Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost livest and reigoest one God, world without end. Amen." The proper psalms cxxiL, cxxxiL, and cxxxhL were then chanted. Stepping from bis chair the bishop next handed higlette?commendatory,fromtheArchbiahop of Canterbury, to the dean, who passed them to the registrar to read to the assembled con gregation. The document set out the nomi nation of Archbishop Tail, and the Bishops of Winchester, Troro, Durham, and Bedford by_ tlie Bjfuod of Aimlm<i? as a selection com mittee; the appointment by this episcopal committee of Dr. Kennion to the see of Ade laide ; and the consecration to the bishopric on St. Andrew's Day last, November 30, in Westminster Abbey by the Bishop of Lon don—the Archbishop of Canterbury being prevented from officiating by the illness bom which His Grace never rallied— assisted by a nnnrher of other prelates, amoEgstwhom was Dr. Short, late of Ade laide. When the observance of all the ne cessary formalities had been communicated to the people by the reading of these com. mendatory letters Bishop Kennion advanced into the centre of the choir, and facing the ii?tn made the subjoined declaration :—?'l George Wyndham, Bishop of Adelaide, do berebr promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Chorch and and to rulethereia with lrath, justice, and charity, not lord ing it over God's heritage, but endeavor ing to show myself in all tilings an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen." The jdean now took die bishop by die right band and led bis Lordship to die episcopal tin-one within die altar rails, die bishop's chaplain preceding, and die canons of die cathedral ZoDowing to their seats in die sanc tuary. Addressing die bishop, die dean said.—"ln the name of God, amen. By virtue of my office as dean of diis cathedral ffliiipjli, mm! fn JMihalf iff f}u>Aapji ?nj ritajt^jn maitftiM snod of Adelaide, I, Alexander Bma^bscWor^oSgnay^ do induct die^ diction which pertain to the bishop of this see in accordance with the fundamental pro visions and regulations of this diocese." The act of installation having been thus officially completed, Dr. Kennion knelt for some time in silent prayer, while the choir sang the anthem. The words were:— "Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion: put on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city; from henceforth there shall no more come unto thee the un circumcised and the i??a?an. Shake thyself from the dust, arise, and sit down, O Jeru salem. Loose thyself from the bonds of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion. How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that pub* lishctbpeace, Uiatpublishethsalvation; that saith unto Zion, ? Thy God reignetfa!' Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice; with the voice togethershall they sing: for they shall see eyeto eye when the Lordshall bring again Zion. Break forth into joy, sine together, ye waste places of Jemsalem-for the Lord hath com forted His people; He hath redeemed Jeru salem. The Lord hath made bare His Holy Arm in the eyes of all the nations, and all the ends of the world have seen the salvation of our God. Break forth with joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem. Hallelujth. Amen." Opening with a bright chorus, the music passed into a solemn quartette at the words, " How beautiful upon the mountains," &&, and the tenors and basses alone rendered the sentence beginning " Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice," a massive chorus forming the finale. The anthem is interesting, as havingbeen composed by Dr. Stainer, organist of St. Paul's, London, for the installation of Dr. Ernest Wilberforce, first bishop of the newly-formed see of Newcastle, England; and the Adelaide Cathedral choir rendered the inspiring and beautiful music with marked accuracy and power. The office of the holy communion for the fourth Sunday in Lent was next proceeded with, the Bishop being celebrant, Archdeacon Marryat epistoler, and Archdeacon Dove gospeller. The music used was a setting by the cathedral organist, Mr. Boult, and though simple in construction it well expresses the devotional character of the service. After the Kicene Creed the communion hymn, "Alleluia, sing to Jesus," was sung, during which the bishop was conducted to the pulpit. His Lordship, it may be said, is of about the middle height, dark and with a firm yet very pleasing countenance. His voice is rich and melodious, though not of more than ordinary power, but a refined and distinct accentuation allows of the bishop being easily heard. Dr. Kennion's style may be described as polished and fervid, his lordship frequently rising to the warmth of genuine earnestness in the more stirring portions of his discourse. Although hugely using manuscript, the bishop often introduced the extempore clement as he proceeded, and thereby con siderably added to the effect of bis address. His lordship preached an eloquent sermon on the text, "I in them and Thou in Me,thatthey may be made perfect in one, andthatthe world may know that Thou has sent Me, and bast loved them as Thou has loved me."—John xviL, 23. In connection with the enthronement it is interesting to recall that the first Anglican bishop of South Australia, Dr. Short, was in stalled in Trinity Church, North-terrace, on December 30,1517, two days after his arrival on Pioclamation Day, in the barque Der went, which had a 116 days 7 passage from England. The service upon the occasion was attended by about 200 people, together with tbe handful of clergy who formed Dr. Short's first working stall. 