OUR CALIPORNIAN LETTER. [From our. own Correspondent] San Francisco, October 5, 1333. We' have had a number of titled visitors in Han Francisco of late, and it begins to look now that 'the world has been practically ecsmalled by the multiplication of railroads, as if California is at last included by Europeans in the 'grand tour.' Sir Sydney Waterlow and his lady were among the number, and the distinguished Londoner took a good deal of interest in our local insti tutions, visiting the schools and making addresses to the scholars. He told them of his early struggles in life, and how he learned his trade as a printer, impressing on their young minds at the same time the necessityrof energy and perseverance in any calling they might adopt. Sir Sydney's wife was a Miss Hamilton, and for several years before she visited England, where she married, resided in this city. Perhaps this fact lent an added charm to the ex- Lord Mayor's visit, aud made him, in a measure, feel at home among our people. At any rate he appeared to enjoy himself hugely, and when he leffc with his family, on October 11, by the steamer Coptic, for China and Japan, did so 'with expressed regret. Then we had another notability in the person of Gladstone's : ardent friend and admirer, Lord Bosebery, who also came accompanied by his lady, n6s Rothschild — not a beauty by any means, but a good, hearty sort of woman of the unmistakable oriental type. She went on visits of enquiry and mercy among the ' '?: poorer Jewish population of San Francisco, and left sums of money with the rabbis of the different synagogues to be distributed among her needy compatriots. From the Eothschild to the poorest Polnisch, the interdependence of Abraham's race is never lost or forgotten, and a Jew will never suffer physical want with another Jew's know ledge. Rosebery and his good lady go to Australia by the steamer Zsalandia, leaving at date, and this fact reminds me that I came across a number of the London World the other day, which ; alludes to his journey, the writer being evidently a colonial, and acquainted . at the same time with the aristocratic tou rists' antecedents. He dwells on the lord's probable experiences at the antipodes, and says he will meet there many Scotchmen who when boys ran about Dalmeny, and who 'mindit the old laird weeL' 'The Victo rians.9' says the writer, pursuing the theme, 'will carry him to Baliarat and Sandhurst and show him the now silent Eureka Fist arid Forest Creek, where once thousands upon thousands of stalwart miners plied the pickaxe and rocked the cradle. They will take him to Philip Russell's beautiful sheep station of Carhgham and show him, primus inter pares, the -merino ram which the un daunted Russell bought under the hammer -? for the little bagatelle of 1,400 guineas. The South Australians will show him the dumb ghost of the Once famous Burnt Burra copper' mine, in which the late Mr. Defane was a large shareholder; and the yet lustily vital Moonta mine, which in - twenty - years ? bas paid its lucky shareholders over £1,200,000 on a share capital of nothing at all. In New Zealand he will see 'a country that is surprisingly like Eagland, where it does not remind him of Scotland, except in parts which resemble the Alps, and in other parts which have the temperature and productions of northern Italy, a country in whose glaciers he may pluck the edelwiss, . and from whose garden trelisaea he may pluck ripe grapes. He may visit at housss' where no man- servant is kept, yet his host could buy him out to the last acre and the last yearling ; put down sovereign for sovereign against his countess's dowry,- and then have *' more than enough left to maintain the modest style in which he lives. He will traverse Australia without being solicited by a beggar.' , Further trouble is experienced with those representatives of an arrested civilization, the Chinese. These people seem to nave a supreme contempt for the laws of health and police observed by the American communi* ties in which they live,' and override with a stolid pertinacity all local restrictions when they think they can make a few dollars. The present trouble is in regard to the fisheries. J They have been steadily depleting our bays and rivers of the finny tribe, large and' small, using nets through which a minnow cannot escape, although the law prescribes . . the sizeof the mesh withtheview of preventing ~ the destruction of young fish, as the old saying is, 'all is fish that comes to a Chinaman's net.' The large ones they retail at prices much below the market rate, and ?? the sardines, sprats, and finger-long wigglers they cure in the sun and ship by the ton to ~ - China. Scarcely a Bteamer leaves this port for Hongkong that does not carry fifty or ' sixty toss of these infinitesimal fishes in a dried state and an equal quau- . tity of shrimps, and the dessicated aba-: lone, a univalve shellfish that abounds or^ the rocks of the lower coast. The authorities have become 'alarmed at this' wholesale de struction of tbe finny tenants of our : waters, and have set the myrmidons of the Law at ' work with instructions to stop it if possible. The result is the fishing Chinaman is harrassed beyond measure, and has to pursue his calling by stealth. If he is caught using unlawful nets or taking - fish daring' a closed season his punishment is summary. The nets are destroyed, and himself arrested and heavily fined. Still, the China- . man always has fish to solL An amusing incident occurred at a lunch given recently to the journalists of ViUara's Northern Pacific railroad party at Victoria, British Columbia, and the Prime Minister of that Canadian province was the hero of it. The Americans were talking of the prosperity of the country, and the Premier replied courteously that between Oregon and British Columbia close friendship and union existed. He was bantered about this, and . asked if by: 'union' he meant prospective annexation. All Americans take it for granted that annexa tion to the United States is the dearest wish of the Canadian heart,' and they only . pray for its consummation to be hastened. But they woke up the wrong passenger,' when tbc-y shook the plucky British Columbian. 'He bad not,' he said, speaking with the utmost coolness, 'noticed any indications of a desire for annexation. It was possible that some day in the near fafcore British Columbia might annex Oregon, California, and Washington territory. Of course, itr was pretty well concluded the American Union would not last, and that British Columbia would take in the Pacific Slope portion.' The calm way in which the Pre mier thus put the boot on the other leg rather dumbfounded, bis American guests, who can- : not as yet see the joke iu his speech. That he was in earnest they will not fora moment admit. ThisVillard lasfcspike-iayitig. excur- sion, by the way, has bred much baa blood among the stockholders, because of the costliness of the hospitality. It is esti mated the expense cannot be much less than a quarter of a million. Leading men were invited from Europe as well as from the different States of the Union to make up the excursion, which was a gigantic one, and as tbe entertainment, was on the most lavish scale, money flowed like water. Villar'd's idea was that by this course the stock would get a 'boom;' but a contrary effect has followed. In the midst of the junketing Jay Gould made a raid, in Wall street, on the Northern Pacific stock, and dropped it heavily. It has not recovered yet, and the stockholders are alarmed; and naturally disgusted at so much money having been spent for worse than nothing. Speaking of the Villard excursionists recalls the fact that there was a contemporaneous trip to Yellow Stone Park, the national park, under the auspices of Bev. John Hatch, the capitalist, who had secured certain franchises there, and desired to bring the attractions of the place under the attention of tourists, American as well as Europeans. He invited several prominent Englishman to make the, journey at his expense, and now the Tribune and other papers bring grave charges of un gentlemanly conduct against -our English visitors, and say they considered the excursion a public scramble, out of which they wanted to get all they could. Tbe 'noble and the aristocratic' proved themselves, according to these papers, to ba very ignoble indeed. The smartest man was he who snatched first at what he wanted; and as for mutual respect and courtesy,-whioh . ~ are supposed to prevail between the master of the feast and his company, a trace could not be fcund. The Americans were by no means ' free from blame, but the worst offenders ap pear to be the English, It is charged that these secured the first sad best seats at the table, careless -whether ladies had a plase or not; that they stared President Ai-iVor oat of countenance ; seat all the bills f ? -r ?. m&lles; - personal expense, including laundry and drinks, to their host ; and were guilty of many other meannesses too numerous to men tion. There is a choice bit of scandal in high life being developed here, over which Mrs. Grundy gloats, and which makes the thought less laugh but the judicious grieve. A young lady called Sarah Althea Hill has sued ex« Senator Sharon for the purpose of compelling him to acknowledge her marital rights as his wife ; but in his answer the es-senator denies ever having married Miss HilL The marriage, according to the plaintiff, was entered into on the 25th of August, 1SS0, when the parties made a joint decla . ration in writing, under section 76 of the civilcode,thatthey were man and wife. There was no formal ceremony performed, either by a clergyman or magistrate. The alleged agreements arc published, and are made the basis of Miss Hill's claim to share the bed and board of the ex-senator, who declares the papers absolute forgeries — false in every line. Another feature in this ease, as is generally reported, is that Miss Hill, who appears to come from a very good family, was worth a few years ago some $100,000, all of which Sharon borrowed and used, and having got rid of her money now seeks to get rid of the girl as welL He laughs at her claims both as a wife and a creditor. Some comment has been made upon the fact that Miss Hill, instead of trusting her case to a first-class legal firm, has chosen a journalist as her champion in the fight— a keen- witted, incisive writer, and something of a lawyer as well, by name of William McOann NeiLson, who, if I mistake not, formerly lived in Geelong or Melbourne, in the colony of Vic toria. Neilson has a fondness for this kind of modern knight-errantry, and has already fought the cause of one distressed woman tnrough the courts, where he met the most expert regular practitioners on the other side, and, to use the expression of one of his opponents, 'knocked them silly' by his powerful knowledge of the case, and by his daring management. When Miss Bill was questioned why she elected to take Neilson as her advocate instead of a regular lawyer, she simply said she could not trust any member of the bar, as Sharon's money would prove too great a temptation, and she would find herself deserted at the last moment. Meanwhile the lawyers look askance at the case a3 a 'queer one,' and Sharon threatens to land all concerned in it in the State's prison. ? The cultivation of hops has become one of the most important industries on this coast, and is chiefly along Puget Sound, in Washing ton Territory. Its chief seat is fire or six miles up the Puyaliup River, emptying into Commencement Bay, near New Tacoma. The soil there is a sort of sandy loam, con sidered for hop-raising as practically exnauat less, and one thousand acres are devoted to that purpose this year. The planters are nearly through picking the season's yield, employing for that purpose some Caina men and about. 4,000 Sound Indians, who live within convenient distance. Some sta tistics of the business are given which may prove interesting and perhaps valuable, it hop culture is attempted in yourpart of the world. The total acreage, in Washington territory, divided into small hop farms is * about 1,200, and the favorite vine is the English Chester, which in this soil bears pro fusely the first year planted. The second year these vines bear a full crop, and so far as experience in the territory goes, their vitality is perpetual. The vines are planted six: feet apart each way, two in a lull. Poles cost about forty dollars a thousand, and are easily set on account of the soil's mello mess. Cultivation consists of going through the rows usually six times a year with cultivator and hoe, the latter being used only to cut up the weeds near the vines which the cultivator fails to uproot. The co&t; of picking is 1 dollar per box of 25 lbs. Fuel for drying is exceedingly cheap, the woods around affording a supply almost fox the cutting. The dry houses and other appliances in use at present serve their purpose, but they are not equal to those in the hop districts of New York. Planters here say that the available space for hop raising in Washington Territory is so large that they expect in a few years to control the markets of the world, aided thereto by the proximity of the district to water transportation. This is the district where the farmers were made rich almost by a single crop last year, when there was a failure in the Eastern and English hop yield, and the article rose from fifteen or twenty cents to two dollars and over per pound. The Puyaliup Valley is most desirable for all farming purposes, as the climate is proof against injurious frosts, while the summer temperature is pleasantly modified by the winds .from the sound The bright visions of placer and quartz gold mines said to exist in that mysterious territory, Alaska, have been dissipated by the recent return to San Francisco of the Schief felin exploring party the other day. About a year agohe,incompany withsevenothers, fitted out an * xpedition to penetrate country, by the way of the Yukon Biver, constructing for that purpose a little - steamer called The New Backet, fitted with every appliance necessary for such a hazardous voyage. The result is they sold the steamer after satisfying themselves by long and painful search - the eountry 'wonldn'c pay' as a gold region, and came back from Sitka as passengers on board the United States: revenue cutter Thomas Cor win. SehiefMin told a reporter the country up there did not suit, him, and although there is a good deal of gold to be found in places it will never be fl .great miniDg country, as it is too cold and inaccessible. He found the precious, metal in paying quantities about 1,000 miles from the mouth of the Yukon River, in a district full of springs. He averaged 13 dels, a day while he worked, but that was not long. They came to the place on October S, 1882, and on the 12th everything was frozen up solid, so that they skated all round the claim, The mercary in winter falls to 55deg., and often lower. There are only about three months in which gold can be washed, from May to August. There is not so much timber as is generally supposed, and it is of poor quality. Scbieffelin hurried off to Las Ageios to enjoy in the orange groves of that semi-tropical climate consolation for his sufferings in the Arctic. Bis report was a great disappoint ment to many hardy gold-huntere who had prepared to join Mm on the Yakon, and if the gold was there to wrest it from the very jaws of the glacier itself. But the forces of nature are too strong in this instance, and so Alaska is relegated, with a sigh, to its fogs in summer and enow and ice in winter. We thought we had the yellow fever here the other day, brought from the Mexican Pacific coast, ports, and so quarantined rigidly against it. We were too easily scared. The disease, of which there was seven -cases on board the steamer Newbern, was not the 'yellow jack33 at all, buVa malignant malarial or bilious fever that has lately been ravaging HermosUlo, Mazatlin, and Guaymas. If our medicos and health officers had paused to think for. a minute they would have found there has rarely if ever been a case of yellow fever- on the Pacific coast, while on the Atlantic seaboard, the ports of Tampico and Vera Cruz are its chosen home, and from thence it is conveyed to New Orleans. There is a great deal of ignorance ' among medical men regarding yellow fever, few doctors can manage it even in the lati tudes where it prevails, and those who meet it -ontside these lines can do nothing more than make wild guesses at the nature of the scourge. The disease which we guarded against so vigilently, at some inconveni ence to the owners of the steamship, is called tbe tonto in Mazattan, where its has, no doubt, been fright fully bad this season, but as all the climatic conditions are against its spread in Cali fornia, quarantine was unnecessary, and only another exhibition of that zeal . without knowledge so often shown by the unthinking and unobservant, The sickness in Mexico and Lower California has had, however, a disastrous effect upon business, especially in ? the line of mining machinery, of which we supplied the neighboring republic with a ' great quantity. Machinists by the hundred : nave been discharged to await better times that may follow an abatement of the' epidemic, but in the meantime the unem ployed workmen feels the pinching of distress. I recollect reading that some years ago there was a ceremony of mock solemnity performed in England, when tbe lovers of the 'manly art of Belt -defence' met in fall conclave and. buried the ropes and stakes of the ' twenty four foot ring,'^ and all the other insignia of &tisna;, as a sign that there was no longer any national pride in the art, and that it had been perverted to a fraud and swindle by humbugs and pretenders. But it would seem the 'ring' has been resurrected in' this country, for the city is alive with 'sloggers,' as boxers are now called. Sullivan of Boston, Mace and Mitchell of EDgland, and Slade of New Zealand, have been resurrectionists, in this respect, and the telegraph, by reporting every morn ing accounts of their set-to's at the east, have fired the heart of young San Francisco to 'pat on the gloves.' Every public-house of doubtful repute appears to have a backroom where pugilistic exhibitions are nightly given, some of which are ridiculously crude, and un scientific, and more pretentious matches at our large halls are frequently advertised. It is to be noted, however, that this taste for boxing is more developed among young Irish Americans than any other class in the ejzn nsnnity. Dion Boucicault is the supreme attraction in oar theatrical world at present, and he is givicg his series of Irish plays at the CUi tcrz. i& to overflowing hoiues. The popularity of ihb author actor seems sever to wane, notwithstanding his pieces have been played to tatters, and he himself has been almost constantly assailed by the press for his egotism, as well as for the scandals that soil his private life. Whatever may be the attacks made upon Boucicault, his enemies cannot deny him talent, both as a dramatis!: and an actor. He tells me that he intends to make a tour of the colonies, commencing in April 1884, under the management of man sger James Allison, and then his public career will end. To-morrow night, October 21, some sixty or seventy citizens of Irish birth will banquet their fellow-countryman at the Occidental Hotel, in recognition of his efforts in support of Fenianism, and for the dramatic justice has done Ireland and the Irish on the stage. Boncicault is, in fact, being lionised here at present. At the Grand Opera House, the largest theatre we have in the city, Manager Best has tried with great success the experiment of cheap admission, fixing the highest price for a ticket at 50 cents. The house holds about 2,500 people, and by means of the half dollar and luridly-strong melodrama, ha suc ceeds in bringing nearly th&t; number together every night. Miss Alics Harrison is the favorite here, appearing in sush dramas as tbe ' Lights o' London,' ' Under the Gaslight,' and 'Aroand the World.' The Baldwin Theatre is closed, and likely to remain so ; and the Standard and Bude street are devoted to minstrelsy. 