The Northern Miner. PUBLISHED DAILY. SATURDAY EVENING, SEPT. 22, 1883. WHEN we find a man who has never interfered in politics here or anywhere else, and who has always been remark- able for minding his own business, coming forward and plunging furiously into the present electoral contest, joining the Liberal Association and offering a £100 reward for the conviction of anyone guilty, of double voting or personation, we are naturally prompted to ask what is the motive of all this activity and zeal. Mr. THOMAS MILLS has taken no part hitherto in our civil or political life. When he became an alderman he had "an axe to grind," and it stuck out very plainly. "Not being able to grind that axe, he retired from the Council in dis- gust. Mr. MILLS has another axe to grind now—a larger axe—and he is re- solved to spare no expense in order to secure his object. He intends to bring an action against the Government for refusing to grant him the lease of the Day Dawn Block. People think he made a very good thing of that ground, having become half-owner of a very valuable lease; but Mr. MILLS imagines he has been wronged by the Govern- ment, and he is resolved to try the question before the law courts. Mr. Rutledge would be serviceable in this matter, and, accordingly, Mr. Rutledge is selecied by Mr. MILLS as his cham- pion. By getting Mr. RUTLEDGE re- turned for the Kennedy, Mr. MILLS would gain not only a lawyer to conduct his law case against the Government, but, in the event of Mr. GRIFFITH com- ing into office—now a certainty—he would secure a powerful "friend at court" to back up his claims. This explains the whole of Mr. MILLS'S con- duct and his eagerness to secure the return of Mr. Rutledgk to Parliament. Mr. MILLS will spare no expense to gain his object. He and his "man Friday" —Ross ROBINSON—shepherd Mr RUT- LEDGE with untiring and affectionate solicitude; they attend him to Church meetings and escort him home; they "cram" him with facts and figures, and already the great case of MILLS against the Queensland Government is impressed indelibly, in its grand outlines, on the brain of Mr. RUTLEDGE. Mr. MILLS pays £300 for election expenses, and is happy in the thought that when the election is over he will be the fortunate possessor of a whole live member of Par- liament to work his case against the Government. Such are the influences brought to work on this electorate, and the great question of the day are made to hinge on the selfish designs of a private individual who has something to gain by this action agamst the Govern- ment. Mr. RUTLEDGE requires no such rotten props to back him up. He would do better without such weak supports as TOM MILLS and ROSS ROBINSON, and his cause is more likely to suffer than to gain from their advocacy. We have heard it stated that in this election con- test, as in war, all things are "fair" This is one of those half truths which people of shallow minds are apt to ac- cept as whole truths. Now, "all things" are not "fair" even in war, for the law of nations enforces certain things, and condemns others as not permissible. Lying and misrepresentation are not allowable under any circumstances, and the man who deliberately and knowingly makes a f «lse statfmeut f >r elec- ioneer ing purposes, is no more justified than if he lied outside politic-. Some lies are perpetrated by the f'iends of the candidates attd some by the candidates themselves. Among the latter class we would particularise the statements made l.v Mr. LiSaXKis, more th J.r. O'KANE was his bitterest enemy and refused to aceept Ins hand in friend ship though it was offeied to him. Ther" is not a particle of t uth in those statements. Mr. O'KAXE is no enemy of Mr LISSNEB'S and he never refused to take hi-s 08'ered hand. Some of Mr. Lissnek'S friends have been Utely cir culating a minor that Air. O KANE had mode overtuITS f»»r a compromise to him and was anxions to run the election with' Mr. Lissner on ihj same ticket. There is 1101« uth in Mtife; hliti it has not the m< rit of being probable It is true that we were anxious to find a local candidate, but, however much we respect Mr. Lisssbr ve could not accept him as a litting colleague. We believe that he would try to curry out his promises, but his connection with Bcrns, PIIILI?, and Co. voiild render that impossible. His declaration that he would not support a no-confidence"" motion, except on two grounds, reveals his true position as » Ministerial^ The Ministerial party are willing to'pUy li. waiting jga?ne, they see th it AlfrGBiFFiTH will have a strong tnajotiiy in the i-e-v Pnrlj»inei>t that he ni!«st come into offic*. They h' ocisihiou »nd that M'lLWBAiTH will t»e called in as-ain. In {that contingency the Ministerial }«arty here_ reckon* hat -LISS NER and BtiisKLANli would be-supporters of M'-ILWRMTH. Everything ; on . the part of lio'h men justifies such a con clusion. LSSSNER has been identifies-' with t]ie MACBOSSAN and M'Ilwbaith pa 11 v for several years, he was vice «h> irman at M'IL\V6AITH'S banquet and praised hiB government as the best the colony had ever seen ; his snbseqnei t connection with a firm trading in Cool:> s and profitAng-by them, makes Lissnek's " independence " a farce. If the electors returned him he would make believe that he opposed the Transcontinental scheme and the introduction of Coolies, during the time that Mr. GRIFFITH held office he would s-ing that song, tmt when M'ILWBAITJI came into office again, round would go LISSNER like a shot and ^|n&jbtit;$beatal. tnd . Th^»1eo;t b tferoiigbljjl^th^ know|he is uotto ' be trusted; hejsjiill boog>4ihemup and laugh at frtiiT) and tf^rni^po)iticat men and say .* th<-y ate all logues together " He will find many electors to b-lieve : "tHis, andstTlong iasl;liey~ca5r^t wore ciedit a., the syndicate stoic tliey ; iVfiJl; Apt scruple to seud into ^^ripfttebt! one more political rogue arid duffer. " Even ttie Irish Roman Catholics will forget the' traditions "Sf tlieif "'BWHtryt and their creed and i- will help M'Ilwhaith io establish a J worse than Irish landlord system in Queensland and foolie slavery pure and.' sirnp'e. Th»-y will, because M agkossan % h»s " given the word," vote for LISSNKB ! an-1 Coolies, Lissner and landlordism j We know many of the Irish Soman j Catholics will not accept this candidate, j nor follow blindly the oide *K of -J4A1©!] BOSSAN or anyone else. Tliey are able to j think fiti' themselves, and tliey feel aud know that LISSNER is not to be truxtwl, and that when the day comes, when M'Ilwhaith calls 011 him for l»Ls vote for. Coolies and the '! ranscominent-tl he must obey. They know Bcckland will; act in precisely the sune way. He is i supporter of Griffith now because he would not have the ghost of a chance as. a Ministeualist, bnt be is a M'Ilr WEAXTH man, "body, bones and breeches.' He has never done anytliing for the good of the field, and his interest lies in supporting M'Ilweaith. He is a. beT liever in Coolies and Kanakas, and has employed them when lie could get them. He would support a laud grant railway if M* It Wraith proposed iti 'The elefc-' tots have no faith in his honesty, and he j will never convince them that itisadesire t.o advance their intere-ts that promj-ts i j him to ome forwtrd as a candidate. He may spend some of his tnnn^y in boozing up the electors ; they will drink his liquor and cheer for him, but at tlie ; ballot l:ox iheir mauhojd will assert it self and they will not vote for a trimmer and a sham like Bucklaxd. There sire five candidates before the electors three .staunch Opposition candidates aud tivo Ministerialists; «»n the brie s'd«, RUTMEDGR, O'KASE and STDBLEV ; on' the other, LISSNER and Buckland. That is tlii- true s'ate of ihis.g*. Hie electois, if ihev value their fre^ institutions, and if th y desire t > keej* Queensland fret from ih*» pollntiou of slavery and a fit place for white men, must set aside Lissnek and Bcckxvnd a d choose two members from the tiuve Opposition can didates. O'KAXE tuns alone; he seeks no junction with anyone, and least,of all with Liss^ER. 