' THE NEW STEAMER ELLEN. The new steamer Ellen, recently constructed Tjy Messrs. Smith, Forrester, and Co., to the order of Bre3lin and Watson, and intended to trade between Gladstone and Boeklmmpton, ' made her trial trip to tho bay on Saturday. Bhe loft town at about 10' a.m. with a company of ladies and gentlemen, numbering upwards of fifty, and after a very pleasant Tun down tho river, reached tho lightship at about a quarter-past 12 o'clock, tho time occupmu oeing & iiuurs nj uiuiuieu, ur un average of eight miles an hour. After pro coodiug some distance out into tho bay the company adjourned to the cabin, where a first class luncheon had been provided. Appetites appeased, Mr. Stanloy, of the Harbours and Rivers Department, who presided, proposed the toast of ' Her MajoBty the Queen,' which was drank with musical honours. Tho toast of ' Succoss to the steamer Ellen,' coupled with the names of hor owners, followed, and tho chairman in proposing itreferrod to tho rapid .progress of ehip building in tho colony, and wished the owners all success in their new enterprise. Mr. Breslin, one of tho owners, briefly responded, thanking those present for their good wishes. He expressed him self as perfectly satisfied with tho performance of .tho Bteamer, and felt sure that under the able management of his partner, Captaiu Watson, sue wouta give a gooa account ot ner eelf. Captain Watson also returned thanks. The health of ' the builders, Messrs. Smith, Forrester, and Co.,' was received with enthu siasm, and responded to on behalf of the firm by Mr. Forrester, who said that certain altor otiorft had been made in the construction of tho. ?veisol, which accountod for the delay in the completion of the contract. He bolieved, how ever, that the alterations would bo appreciated as improvements. Other toasts followed, in cluding 'The Ladies,' proposed by Mr. Stanley in a humorous speech. The Ellen conducted herself admirably, and on the return trip proved herself worthy the expres ?ions of satisfaction on the part of her owners. Town was reached Bhortly after 6 p.m. The Ellen is a very compact and neat-looking Teasel. She is constructed of iron, is schoonor rigged, and is fitted with twin screws. Her dimensions are as follow : — Length overall, 100 feet; on the keel, 95 feet; beam, 18 feet 6' inches; and depth of hold, 6 feet 6 inches. She is fitted with ongines of 30 h.p. nominal, giving 15 inch stroke. Evgab. at Oaiuns. — The Cairns Post Of September6 says : — 'The first shipment of thi3 season's sugar waB despatched by tho mail steamor last Saturday, and consisted of a con signment from Messrs. Swallow and Perhain's plantation, of 1,500 mats valued at £900. This is but a email part of what McsBrs. Swallow have ready for shipment. We havo received some further samples of sugar from tho mills of Messrs. Swallow and Porham and Hap Wah Company, and in each instance a marked im provement in quality is to be seen. Tho latter eompany anticipate still further improvements in a few woeke when thoir vacuum pan arrives. The yield* also continues to increase, and at Hambledon over three tons to the acre is being obtained.' Tbactioit Ekohtkb. — The Queensland Mercantile and Agency Company in their monthly circular itato that a novel eehome for escaping the carriage difficulty has bcon mooted in the North West. The ease with whioh the 3V-wler's engines dragged their twonty ton load of material in broad-wheeled waggons over the Western Downs has suggested a syBtem of traotion engines for tho conveyance of wool and station supplies. Station holdors in tho neighbourhood of Winton havo discussed the formation of a company with £40,000 capital to embark in this enterprise, and inquiries are now proceeding as to the details of cost and capa bility of the machinery. Wood and water ?tations at the necessary intervals, about every seven miles, are contemplated in the scheme, and it is thought that each engino would bo able to take a load of twenty tons a journey of 35 miles a day. In seasons liko the present, when teams can scarcely travel, such a system would have much to recommend it. ' ThbGyMPIE AND BnlBBANBDlBHCT LINE. — It is to be hoped (says tho Oympie Miner of Jfriday last) that the incoming Government will woognise the support Gympie has given to it in discarding their Ministerial in favour of tho Opposition member, and that tho Griffith Ministry will authorise tho co&Btruction; of tho above line without further delay, otherwise we can scarcely see where tho benefit is to arise to tho town and district from tho change of lalera. The Milwraith Ministry it is known were in favour of a line, though not direct, and have ordered the differont surveys to bo made for the purpose of ohoosing iho most practica route, but it is left for thoir successors to carryl it out, which would bind the electorate more firmly to them, than any other benefit that , they could confer on tho town and district. .The advantages of a. direct lino to Brisbane have already boon pointod out, bcsideB it is a growing necestity, and finds as many sunportorB in Brisbane as in Wido Bay and Gympie. But care must be taken to havo the work commenced simultaneously at both ends, wo must work down as well as Brisbane work up, this must be made a sine qua non, let both termini benefit at the samo time, and no eoonor will this work commence than tho first Btrido of Gvmpie's rapid progress will bo made. AH EXTBA'VBDINATIY ExCCSB JOB AN As SAWiT. — TheMaldohcorrespondontof tho Argus , gives tho following particulars of an assault on a femalo who was miitaken for a ghost: — 'A few nights ago Mrs. Miller was returning home, and, whilit waiting for a friend at a street corner, was paBsod by a young man, who, after going past her n fow yards, returned knookod her down, and struck her, giving her two bliick ayes and inflicting other injuries. Before leaving, ho told hor lie thought ho had given her enough. On roaching homo sbo informod 'her frionds, who at once communicated with the police, but, as (ho could not givo any de scription of tho person who assaulted her, tho mattor remained a mystory. Boports had for some time past been current that ghosts had l)oen Boon in tho neighbourhood of tho placo whoro tho assault took place, and tho fol \- lowing morning a young man who de livers milk in the neighbourhood, ap peared as usual, but with a bandaged and ? he had been fighting with tho ghoBt. This ' : morning, on hearing that Mrs. Millor's caso was in tho hands of tho police, ho at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that sho was ; /. really tho ghost ho hod attacked, ho'offoroda , ,. most abject apology. It is not known whether Kt' this has.been aoceptod.' ?? ? ?,. ? ; , ' . ..?.?;;:??:.,?.: il ,;.» :..-,-: .,i,o .,?;?-? ; 