TIE AlIERICAN GIRL OF THE ?ERInD. SKOBEL FF once told an Irish lady that ho was in sympathy with neither English constitutionalism or American democracy, but "he admired the quiet daring of the Americans, and loved them in their reverence for women. He thought the'old' American lady a more agree able being to contemplate than the young." Skobeleffs estimate of thei comparative agreeableness of the A.aierican women in age and youth is riot generally shared by Europeans, but its justice is em phatically endorsed by the Rev. Dr. Morgan Dix, who has been deliver ing some ferocious Lenten lectures at ritiity Chapel; New. York; con cerning the bhooking depravity of the American girl. As the result of the follies and sins by which the women of America have " brought contempt .upon their name and cast a". blight on their condition," the 'reverence for women Wliidh Skobleleff regarded as one of the best feoatu?re of . the American oliarddteie id disappedriig. Accord ing: to Dr. Dix the' position of women has destinctly changed for the .worse. "The deference paid to them is loss, homage has turned to mere civilityl the public invade her privacdy thei tinwspapers print her name in full, she is tfttited With no more ceremony than if she were a man." .,This 'is alarming news if trdtiE dridAsfi'r.IDix says nidie can doubt that it is, it may not be amiss to glance i.at his diagnosis of , the `-wickedness of the American woman. , It has'provoked a storm of indigna, 'I tion ariong tle ofair.sext on the other side df the Atlalitid; hutit int some particulars it nay# lid fdudd'.not without application nearer:lidioo.' -e ' Dr.i Dix, in, his, fourth i Letiten lecture, l1imits himself: to the. sole o ednsidradtidn df ode ii olass of sinis, is .whichi howver tnok edld frillfi t gard as toleriably: comprehensive. t This class of sins he splitsup i nto. t five groups, -as; follows- :l :," The i lack ,o ser1ous :vievd of hi&, and: the habit of- turning" the: thoughts exclusively to c'njoyment :2 ' Th . 'c degradation of the idea :ofr. matri mony,;as shown by enteriig into that estate for low and iiunworthyli notives:` 3 ' Theo deliberate -'deteor' mination of some married women i to1 defeat the objects for which marriage was institut?ed t ha-t:'Ive? i no rreal home; to avoid firstthoe pains and .1 next the cares of" 'niaternity.' :' 4: '] The habit, :where;a home, exihst of neglecting it to spend most- of "'the' I time' away froin it, Irunni~ng:up'"and 1 down in ;pursuit of excitement,. and turning their, children over to the ?care of servantsi? 5. The 'gro'wingi I indifference to the chief of all social abominations, divorce, and the toleration of lax notions. These, it may be said at once, are no specially 1 American sins. They have charac terised some portions of the sex ever since the world began, and they have .afforded themes for satirists and preachers' in all ages; anda good deal of what' Dr. Dix has ,to say ,has been: said long ago in' every countryu.nderthe.,broad sky. ,·~His Apeoial lament is that '" real women'". are dying out, tht' thhn'e "'idehl' of an earnest, modest, simple woman hood," is being superceded by ''a poor substitute made of " vulgarity, heartlessness, froth, and chaff." The girl of the period in New York, it seems, picks up the slang of her brothers, jests at the world and all things therein, cultivates a cynical indifference, and combines with all these vices a mysterious something, described by Dr. Dix as the worship of pendantic .booki ness," an offence of which the Eng lish fast girl has never been accused. Worst of all, she marries not to " sacrifice herself to one individual, but rather to have free run of all avenues which lead to the enjoy ment of thile world." To the wife are permitted liberties denied to the maid; marriage is to her not servi tude, but emancipation. Fast girls UIWBLUIL LU UULLV UL L L LAUUUAUL V rILLU faster wives; and, according to Dr.o Dix they take good care to escape the domestic duties which in better days wore regarded as the natural sequel of matrimony. They have either small families or none at all, and although Dr. Dix in some out rageously tall talk concerning the "!growth of Nihilism and the or ganisation of fiends whose weapon is dynamito," as the results of this "great, growing almost national crime," his account of the condition of these households is such as to make it a cause of thankfulness that there aro so few of them. For he says, " all about us we see wrecks of homes, the shadows of ghosts of homes, the parodies of homes. Slowly are dying out the home life, the horse influence, the home train ing, the home religion." The father throws off his duties on his wife and goes his way. The mother's first thought is hoW to keep the little ones out of the way, and, in order to be free for her pleasures, hands them over to hirelings. If such is the fate of the few children who have the misfortune to be born, their ilumber not their paucity, ought to be a matter of regret. That there are many girls in New York-as in London, Paris, and every other contre 'of wealth and luxury-as dispicable as those whom Dr. Dix describes, is true enough, And pity it is true. But that this picture of the Amedrican girl applies to any more than the mere friittge of the, sex we altogether refuse to .be lieve. The worst of it is that Dr. Dix himself and men of that way of thinking are partially answer able for this abnormal developement of female folly. Dr. Dix has just been distinguishing himself by heading the opposition-which has unfortunately been successful--to the admission of woment to Columbia' College. Notwithstanding the succes of Newnham and Girton, and of the women's Annex at Har- vard, it has pleased Dr. Dix and others to denounce the highest edu- cation of women as if it were cer tain to result in the ruin of the sex. Women; in his opinion, ought to regard the ldved admiration; and happiness of man as thd chief end of. their being, and a well-educated ;woman, he seems to believe, judged perhaps from his own feelings, would be mitch less attractive to mankind thSai her more ignorant sister, It is that kind of teaching which leads directly to the " immolation of the child into society" which Dr. Dix so :bitterly laments. He would shut thirn out from all but social ambli tions, at?t a dio aggerated devotion tosooiety, is the natural result. Al miiost all the abuses'which he assails ar:' du`e totho, lack of higher- and wide?r oddodtaio which he resolutely' denies. It is in vail Ior anyone to preach that either man o1' Wouman exists, solely for: ,.the; ~ benefit i,,of' some one else.=:! Each-individual ex ists also'for him' or for herself, and marriage ought no more to 'be' the sacrifice `of the 'woman ,to the man, i'as Dr,., 'Dix maintains,. than 'the. sacrifice of the -man. tothe , woman. It.is idle to deplore sordid vieWs: of .marriage , when declaiming 'against t?he opening of otheri means of liveli h6ood to'wominan. It is a somewhat odd' notion that if women are, as 'well educated as men they will be less likely to live happily together in married life. Incompatibility of temper is recognised in some States as a legitimate ground for divorce; but is reserved to Dr. Dix and men of that school to regard equality in education as a fatal bar to, happy marriages.-PallA Mall Gazette. . 