ilitata. THE HANDS OF JUSTICE. BYF.W. ROBINSON. Author of *' Grandmother's Money ;' ' Coward Conscience;' ' Annie Judge, Spinster ;' 'Poor Humanity ;' ' Ab Long as She Lived;' 'Mattie, a Stray;' 'Owen, a Waif ;' ' No Church ;' ' House of Elmore ;' 'A Woman's Ransom;' 'For Her Sake;' &c;, &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE FIRST. Chapxeb. vn.— The New Kitty. Gregory Dorward and John Woodhatch walked side by aide along the platform and into the general waiting-room of the Great Northern Railway. Greg asking no more questions, ^'Pg for no more answers, wait ing now for results as the better and clearer way of arriving at the facts. When they were in the waiting-room John Woodh&tch; said, ' Here ? she is,' and Greg looked around eagerly, scanning quickly every face in the big room, and seeing no one like her. '' ' 'It's all a sell-*in'tit?' he asked of bis new master. There were some ten or twelve persons in the room ; a clergyman, three farmers, four commercial gentlemen burdened with port manteaus, rugs, and all kinds of odd things strapped together; a husband, wife, and baby— the husband nursing the baby, and \- the wife asleep ; a horsey man in tight leg sings, and reading the Sportsman ; two old ladies in spectacles, prim and angular, and in a state of suppressed excitement as regarded the next train, which was to take them from the roar and bustle of the wicked city into their own peaceful village, five miles from anything with life in it ; and a tall girl neatly dressed in black, who was knitting some thing dexterously and swiftly as if in a hurry to complete her task, or terribly alive to the value of time and the sin of wasting a minute ©f it ' It's no sell, Greg,' answered John Wood hatch, ' look again.' Greg took a second survey of the tall girl, at the same moment as she looked up, turned pale, reddened very much, and then turned white again. Presently — it seemed a long -while to Greg, but it was only one minute of time by the big clock in the waitingroom she started, and came towards them slowly, even timidly, and with the face not brighten ing, only betraying a painful interest in him, and staring at him as at a being whom it was also difficult to recognise. Neither boy nor girl had taken into account what changes four years might have made in their lives, and in their outward and visible aspect ; they were between twelve and thirteen years of age when the law had stepped be tween them and set them apart— now, Greg was a youth, for the present, smart and trim, and she, a few months older than Greg, was 'quite a young woman,' and taller than be, by three inches at least. She had been growing— there was no mistake about that. Gosh ! she had done nothing else but grow, if this was Kitty, thought the waif. If it could really be Kitty— Kitty 'togged out,' and not Kitty's ghost, and with only a faint likeness of the old Kitty left. He had seen her last in Bolter's Rents— he and she, and the old man and her mother and four lodgers and one or two kids had been all asleep together on the second floor back of No. 121 when the police had called for him and taken him away ; and Kitty had screamed and scratched and fought like ' a good uo,' whilst the others lay shivering with fright, and that was The hist he had seen of her, raving and defiant and drunk. Yes, drunk as a lord ! he remembered it well, for he had supplied the drink— ' drinks all round' — having been in luck's way early that evening, outside a . photographer's shop in the Strand, where his mother had taken him to see the pictures, and the backs of the gentlemen who were lookirg at them, and who had pockets behind to their coats, and things in their pockets worth collecting. And by the aid and guidance at his mother he had been par ticularly lucky that evening until it had got very late and the police suddenly and rudely had called' at Bolter's Rents and seized him. He was a very 'queer kid' then smaller than his years warranted, and look ing unlikely to last more than a year longer —hence a light sentence from the magistrate, and afterwards the reformatory for four years as - wind-up, and a public outcry against the mother who had taught him theft as a ' good business I' Four years and some odd months ago — a long life -fame to Greg shut away from the Bents, and this the end of it— or the beginning of something new and strange, and awfui. And this Kitty Vanch, grown out of all knowledge, and with shoes and stockings on, and a clean white face, and dressed 'to rights,' and with only two great hazel eyes to remind him of the ragged, street stained, wild cat who had been fond of him. Didn't they call him in Bolter's Rents 'Kiitj's bloke'— and yes, of course, he wjs. and didn't it get into the papers. Why Barnaby told him all about it when he came ic, and -what a row there was in print and what a lark they made of it, Dury-lane way, where girls and blokes were plentiful. And Lord's truth, this was Kitty then ! John Woodhatch stood a little aside to watch the strange meeting of the pair, to wonder what were the feelings of each, to note tbat both were scared, to see that each glanced timidly towards himself who had played, or tried to play, the part of saviour to \- them, and who doubted, in one case at least, what would be the end of it. 'Shall I leave you two?' he asked of the ' young woman. 'No— don't go away altogether, sir.' was .. Kitty's quiet reply, and Greg Dor ward did .not even know the voice. It had been a .. sharp, strong yell at tunes in Bolter's Rents, and indeed always shrill and overstrained, now it was soft and subdued, and trembling, \- and wholly new to her listener. : 'Greg !' she said, holding out her hands to him; mldo yon thick voa recollect me ?' % '? Yes— now I do. Almost !' he answered. \- Hesbookboth her hands timidly. Dashed if he wasn't afraid of her too. He must be *' going off his nut,' be thought ! ' And you have altered very much ; in the streets I, should not have known you any where. Shouldn't have guessed it was you. 'And you would have passed me fifty times, Greg, wouldn't you? Isn't that true?' The girl spoke with an astonishing rapidity — whoHyn'ew to her manner in all Greg's ex perience of her — with a new accent ana tone, and with all the slang of the Rents and the oaths of the Bents gone for ever from her. Greg stared and nodded, but he could not speak a word further at present. It was all a blessed nightmare, he thought, that's what it just was * ' Four years ago— four years !' continued Kitty, ' why that's a tremendous time, Greg, and its only a year since that I was any better— one pin better— than when you left me. But then he came — see, this man,' and she suddenly stepped back and put both her hands upon those of John Woodhatch, which were crossed upon his stick, 'and he took me away altogether from them. He saved me, somehow, that is if I am ever to be saved — God knows, I don't! If I ? ' 'Hush, Kitty,' said Mr. Woodhatch, gravely, 'this is not the time to talk of that. You are saved from Bolter's Rents, at all events.' ' Yes— yes, that's true.' 'You would not go back there?' ' Rather into my coffin, at any time,' was the Him, quick answer, as the lips closed firmly ' so help me*—' ' Yes, yes— you hear, Greg, what she says ? You see,' added Mr. Woodhatch, ' how easy it is to hate the old bad life.' But Greg did not see anything clearly. With tame before him perhaps he would— they were all too quick upon him now. He should know better presently — he knew nothing yet. He glanced once more at the last speaker, but did not answer him. It was beyond bis power to answer him. *'I will leave you to talk to him, Kitty, whilst Iget the tickets,'said Mr. Woodhatch, 'to take care of him,' he added, meaningly. ' He will not run away,' replied Kitty, con fidently, ' he would be a big fool if he did, and Greg never was a fool, sir.' 'lam glad to hear that. One can get on with anybody who is not positively a fool !' said John Woodhatch, as he went away to get his tickets for Skegs Shore. After he was gone, however, it was not quite so certain that Greg Dorward was to be trusted to remain till his return, though if Greg fled now, he should be never aware of what he was running from, and upon what good back he might be turning his back. He looked to the right and left of him with a scared, even hunted expression, but Kitty tcok no heed of this - ? ?? ' Let us walk: up and down the platform, Greg, till he comes back,' she said, and then Greg and she went slowly out of the waiting room ; ' he will not be long.' 'I don't care if he never comes back. What the ? ' ' You will learn to trust him, Greg,' she interrupted quickly, 'even to love him for his care of you. Oh ! you don't know him yet, he will change your whole life as he has changed mine ; he will put you in good hands, see after you himself, alter it all, Greg.JDon't you understand, can't you make it out ?' ' No ; and I don't want to. I ? L' Again the girl ran on, not allowing him to finish, but rattling on in a quick, impetuous way, which was difficult to follow. ' I can't explain, I haven't time, and he will do it so much better ; and you can trust him, Greg, always. Whatever he says he will do for you, he'll do it. He's rich, he's strong, he understands you and me ; he was one of us ; that's where it is : you'll see the truth of it. Why, haven't I ? all in a year, too ! Oh, my God ! Greg, the blot I was before this year ; you know, you guess ! I mightn't have seen as bad as some of 'em, but I was awful bad. But, there ; it has all gone, every bit of it; I'm sure of it, quite sure ! Don't you understand now ?' 'No, 'I'm damned if I do,' muttered Greg, unmoved by . all his companion's excited rush of words. Kitty Vanch wrung her hands together, doubling her knitted work into a ball. ' I thought you wouldn't,' she cried ; ' I told him it was no use my coming, but he said it was.' _ 'You didn't want to come, then?' 'No.' 'You didn't care to see a cove?' asked Greg, almost reproachfully. She hesitated. ' No, cot yet ; I didn't. I wanted to wait.' 'What for?' 'To see what he could make of you— what we should both be like in a year more. But he said— — ' ' Well, what did he say?' asked Greg, im patiently, as she paused. 'That he thought a word from me might put you -straisbt a bit until you knew him better ; that you might see how I had altered, how I was getting further and further away from Daddy, and your mother, and all of 'em,' she cried; 'getting clear away from the Rents, away from it all, Greg ; every scrap of it !' ' Away from me ?' muttered Greg. ' Yes, you with all the rest, until you've altered with me ; although I wish you luck, Greg, and should have been glad one day to see the luck for myself ; lone fine day when you and I are man and woman, perhaps,' she went on. 'But I don't know^-I can't say ; Fve not settled down yet. See how wild I am to-day.' ' Kitty, let's cut and run from it. It's all no use. Let's hook it now!' cried Greg, full of excitement at last, at the prospect of going his own way. Kitty stared at him, and then answered sturdily — 'No, Greg ; not me .'' ' What's the good of going on like this?' 'See what it's like, and then run away; not before. And, anyhow, I shau'* run with you,' said Kitty. 'Oh, you're a good 'on now,' cried Greg, ironically. 'No, only trying to be good ; only trying to keep my word to him.' 'Cus him,' growled Greg. 'God bless him,' came Kitty Vanch's re sponse, and in defiance of Greg's malediction on the would-be benefactor. Before her companion could say another word John Woodhatch was standing by their sides. 'I did not expect you would leave the waiting-room,' he said. I began to wonder whether you had both run away.' 'He asked me, but I wouldn't go,' said Kitty at once. *' Gocd girL No ; I think you would have served me better than that, Kitty,' he re plied. 'And so will Greg when he gets older, when he is with you altogether.' 'Ah! I don't despair,' was the answer. ' Come, Greg, the boxes are in the train. Bid Kitty good-bye.' ' Where's she going then V ' Not with us. A long, long way from us,' answered John Woodhatch, 'Where?5 'You will know in time. You will see me again,' answered Kitty. 'I don't want ever to see you— no more,' muttered Greg. ' That may be as well,' murmured Kitty. Then she put her knitted work into his band, said ' good-bye,' and stood a few paces back, looking thoughtfully at him, even won. deringly, as at a new problem of life, which God's hand had not worked out for her. ' Whatf s this here?' asked Greg, curiously. 'A little purse I have been knitting for you. Won't you keep it, Greg, for my sake ?' ' What's the good of ? ' ' He will keep it, Kitty,' answered John Woodhatch; ' it will be handy to hold the money he is going to earn along with me.' ' Money !' muttered the lad. It was the first sensible word that had been spoken. Greg understood what money meant, and what it could do even for him. John Woodhatch and Greg Dorward entered the third-class compartment of the train, where were other travellers bound noithwards; Kitty standing at the back of the platform, amongst the advertisement boards, a pale and patient watcher. Greg glanced once towards her, only once, as the whistle of the engine sounded, and the train began to glide slowly away from her, and from the London streets, where he had lived all bis life till shut away in the Reformatory with other black sheep like unto him. Kitty did not smile farewell at him ; only looked gravely, wistfully at him and the departing train. It was a face he bore in mind, that for a while seemed to haunt him at Skegs Shore; tbat was not like the face he had known at Bolter's Rents, or any face he had ever looked at yet. This was the end of the first act of Greg Dorward's life. What was to follow it he could not guess. He only felt that he was trapped like a rat, and that at present John Woodhatch had mastered him, 'collared him,' and hustled him away. Skegs Shore was another prison he was being carried to, nothing better or brighter or happier than that ; and Bolter's Rents was very hard to part with ! Chapteb. VIII. — 'The Bra of It.' There was not much conversation exchanged between John Woodhatch and his protege dur ing the long journey to Skegs Shore. Both were lull of thoughts of their own, and disia eSintd to talk — or else Greg was disinclined, arid the man ic charge of him was wise enough to see tbat he was better left to himself. There would be time enough to talk by and bje. Greg fell asleep at last. He had passed a tfstlof-s night yesterday, wondering what wtuld be the end of it, speculating on a very different Fcquel— or a very different begin ring sgain — and there was still so much to vi ccder at tbat bis head ached and he went eff finally into a deep slumber, with his mouth open and his head all on one side till it lunged forward against John Woodhatch's broad thtsJ-, where it reposed at last, as though he loved John Woodhatch and was only happy near him. The remaining occupants q£ the carriage looked from Greg's pinched face, to the stern, bronzed face of his protector. : ' He eeems tired out,' said a motherly old lady with a basket. 'Yes; he's tired.' ' Been ill, perhaps ?' 'No.' ' He looks sadly, to be sure.' 'Yes— he is not strong,' asserted Mr. Wocdhatch. 'The country air will bring him round a bit, I daresay.' *' I dareEay it will,' and then to cut short further questionings John Woodhatch closed his ejes and pretended to sleep also, which would have been a difficult task, with Greg's hard, hot head driving all the buttons of the waistcoat into his chest. Still he made no effort to move Greg from the affectionate posi tion the lad had assumed ; he was very care ful of Mm, and afraid of waking Mai by so much as a movement. Greg wanted rest ; it was the ordeal of the journey, with the un certainty of what was at the journey's end which was disturbing Greg. Let him sleep some of that away, thought Mr. Woodhatch. It was a long journey down to Lincoln shire, but Greg slumbered through the greater part of the distance ; even when the train stopped at Peterborough and again at Spaldicg tie only opened his ejes dreainingly as passengers stumbled over his feet, and then dozed off again. At Boston it became necessary to alight and to await the coming of another train which would presently lead them away on a branch line to a station within a couple of miles of home. The train was not in any way arranged to meet the one which had thus far rattled them into the heart of Lincolnshire— Skegs Shore being in an out cf the way corner of the county, with nobody living there of any consequence to run trains for. Many trains passed Skegs Shore steaming away to Great Grimsby and else where, but there were only two all day to stop at the station and land nas&engers;, and one of them stopped by signal only, the chances being about ten to one against any body wanting to get out. Therefore it happened that John Wood hatch had time upon his hands as well as Greg Dorward — time for refreshment in the town, and a glance at the shops and at the people tramping by in a big market place, which was on the eve of shutting up for good, now that the day's business was at an end. In the market, people seemed to know John Woodbatch very well, and many of them touched their hats to him, while others came and shook him by the hand, and talked in a broad dialect tbat was entirely incomprehen sible to Greg, who made one or two efforts to understand it before giving it up in despair. There was some talk about market prices, and corn, and horses, and bullocks, but they all talked rapidly and thickly, end Greg grew bewildered, wished he was in the train again, going on and on to the and of it. If he could only get to the ' end of it,' and know the worst or best of it, he thought, that was all he wanted now. But he was not approaching the end of it till nearly nightfall. It was the dusk of twi light when they stepped into a creaking, lum bering eld train — struck off years ago from main line traffic, on account of its disrepu table appearance — bound for Skeg's Shore ; it was the darkness of night when they were nearing their journey's end, with the flakes of fire from the engine driving past the windows like a red hot rain. He must have slept again, for he suddenly found John Woodhatch standing up in the carriage putting on a thick great coat, though it was August weather, and one or two other passengers looking for their small bundles and boxes which they had brought into the carriage with them. Before Greg had done rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, the train had slackened speed and stopped, and voices, husky with, the night air, were crying oat ' Skegs Shore !' 'Now, youngster, here's the last stage,' said Woodhatch, and then he and Greg stepped from the carriage on to the platform of a little station lighted by oil lamps, which were struggling to keep alight in the teeth of a sharp wind which had got at the flame behind the glass and was puffing at it merci lessly. It was very dark beyond the station — a dense thick blackness which hid even the white, winding high road beyond, and. was relieved only by a fleck of light here and there from the windows of half a dozen cot tages heaped together a hundred yards away. The few passerjgers who had got out with John Woodhatch and Greg melted away into the darkness ; the boxes of the travellers were pitched oh to the gravel, the engine shrieked farewell at them and started off on its journey further north, and a grey whiskered man, who was stationmaster, booking-clerk, and signalman rolled into one, was left to represent authority, and to hope, very civilly, that '. Mr, Woodhatch' was all the better for his journey up to town. ' Yes, I think I am, Mr. Halden,'' was the reply. 'Have you seen Fladge with thetrap?' 'Oh, yes, Fladge is outside; trust him. And Spikins has brought a cart to carry the boxes, and all the presents from London, eh, Mr. Woodhatch— he, he. Mr. Woodhatch.' piped the station-master, '? you'll find them both in the road, yonder/' 'Tbat'fiweU,:'£»id Mr. Woodhatch. ' Come, Greg.' Greg, almost too tired to wonder now at anything, slouched after his custodian, and in the darkness outside the little rustic rail way station he found a chaise and a light cart waiting, each in charge of a shadowy figure, who set up something between a laugh, a shout, and 'a good day to ye,' which rose the echoes of Skegs Shore, and was significant of satisfaction at the return ot the master into Lincolnshire. ' Well Spikins— well Fladge— all right at head-quarters ?' Spikins, an old man, with a head un pleasantly bent forward as though preparing for the headsman's axe, said, 'Ay, ay, sir, surely ;' and Fladge, a very tall lanky youth of twenty, clapped both bands together, laughed heartily, and said, ' Ay, ay, sir !' an octave or so higher. Greg could not see anything to laugh at, acd clambered into the trap at Mr. Wood hatch's invitation, slipping once off the iron step and coming into the dust of the road again, at which little bit of clumsiness, Fladge, who evidently looked at everything in a comic light, roared with laughter again, to the inward disgust of Gregory, who had shaken himself up and bitten his tongue. John Woodhatch sprang to his side, seized the reins, whipped the horse, and drove off at a rattling pace, with Fladge sitting behind, or hanging on in extraordinary postures, as he answered the master's questions, and tried hard to get a clear view of Master Dorward, in whom he was intensely interested as a new comer at the farm. It was a very narrow road along which John Woodbatch drove at a great pace, as though anxious to reach bis journey's end, and probably only an accurate knowledge of the way hindered his landing himself and party in the wide deep ditch on one side, a small canal that had been cut deep into the soil wfcen the great fen hind was drained some years ago. In the daytime this portion of Lincolnshire county was fiat and cheerless enough, with its long sweep of swamp land, arable land,and broad tracts of semi-barrenness stretching far away to the sea, and ending in bristly banks of coarse grass and sand-drift ; now it was a broad, black desert, over which the wind was tearing and moaning like a fretful child— like a whole legion of fretful children ; and beyond tbat and above that, in the solemnity of natural forces which were abroad that night, there fell upon Greg's ears a deep, heavy, booming sound as of distant and regular cannon practice. 'What's that?' asked Greg, aroused at last into interest again. 'That's the sea,' answered Woodhatch, 'it breaks roughish on the shore to-night, Reuben.' 'Ay — it do. It just do,' and Fladge laughed so much at this new point of humor to his jocose mind, that Greg thought he would fall off his perch behind into the road way. ' There must be rough weather a mile or two out.' ' I should think there must be, master— ha, ha !' shrieked Fladge. Greg looked in his old furtive way at Mr. Woodhatch to see if he were laughing also at seme bidden jest, or double meaning, not perceptible to himself, and John Woodhatch caught his glance at once, like a man still watchful of him. 'He's always like that— nearly always,' muttered John Woodhateh, ' but you'll soon like him, Greg.' 'Oh!— shall I,' said Greg in doubtful answer. 'Honest, faithful, true as steel, but — wrong here a little bit,' said Mr. Wood hatcb, touching his forehead with the handle of his whip, 'and we're all wrong a little bit, wise folk ssy — which accounts for a great deal. Which accounts for every thing nice and easily,' he said, talking to himself rather than to Greg, although he added suddenly and loudly, ' which accounts for you and me, Greg.' 'Yes,' said Greg, for the want of a better response, ' I spose so. But ? ' 'Well,' said John Woodhatch, as he paused. ' Yours isn't a mad'ouse, is it ?' he asked. 'I ain't read, am I — and they've sent me alorg o' you becos ? ' John Woodhatch laughed at this new sus picion, and laughed heartily, and not at all like Mr. Fladge in the rear, who had heard Greg's start ltd enquiry and joined in the bi'arity also, but with a peacock's shrillness, which was a trifle blood-curdling. ' Nc— it's all right at the farm.' ' Stall we be much longer a getting tbcre?:! asked Greg, wearily. ' A quarter of an hour or so. I can see the lights across the flat' Greg- Gtr&ired; bis eyes to pierce the dark tsess, butsawrothing. Having faith in his own youcg and strong sight he did not believe that Mr. Woodhatch sasr anything either, but web polite enough to refrain from saying ' Yer a liar,'i although that was his full conviction after a moment's consideration cf the subject. 'I was used to long stretches of land before I settled down in Lincolnshire, when I was abroad, it was little that could escape me, eight or day.' Greg did not respond. John Woodliafcc'i had a 'blessed good opinion of bis3elf,' he ttought, but that was like all on 'em, old Fretwell, old Marks, his old Daddy— Daddy Devil who had made him over to this man, and carted him away from Drury-laue sheer against his w ill. He telieved all tHs was clear against the laws of his country, too, and as he grew oldf? r, he'd find out. He was pretty sure it was kidnapping, for all John Woedhatch's 'big jaw' at him, and he would have the rights of 'cm, one of these fine days. Poor Greg was goirg to a better life under protest— and he had begun it, smarting with a f ense of vf rong. They had taken him away from the Rents — they had taken, him away from Kitty, and the Lord knew what they had turrjeS Kitty into, he did'nt ! and he did not believe he ever should. He was amazed, and moreover, he was afraid — but he was quite sure he should get the better of them presently, when he was used to it all, when he understood them and what was going on abcut them and him. Here his thoughts were interrupted by John Woodhateh. ' There will be no questions asked you at Farm Forlorn — that's the name my crib has been called for ages, Greg— you will be if ceived as a friend, treated as a friend, trusted like a friend.' ' Shall 1?' 'And you will act like a friend,' added John Wocdhatch impressively, 'do you urdcrstand V ' Ye- es, I think I does,' muttered Master Greg 'That's well. 'No questions asked, and nc questions to ask,' is the motto of the farm, ?which means, 'Mind your own business.' Doesn't it, Greg ?' asked ths farmer cheer fully. ' Yes ; but they'll know '.'' replied Greg. ' They'll know what ?' ' Every Uiin' about me. Where I've come frcm, won't they?' 'No.' ' They won't think I've come from boardin' school. I spose,' said Greg, with a little laugh at his own satire. 'They will not care where you came from ; they will only say, ? Welcome ; be one of us ; rescued like us from the drift.' Do you see?' asked his companion eagerly ; ' do you guess now ? They told me at the reformatory you were anything but dull.' Greg considered. The lights in John Wood hatch's home were still invisible to him, but the light upon bis future life seemed twinkling faintly at him now from the mur kicess ahead. 'There are other- coves, then, who ? ' ' Who have been like unto you, poor lad, and who will cast no stone. They have been all like you.' 'All !' cried Greg, in his astonishment. ' Yes, and all working we)l for me ; doing their best, and turning their backs upon damnation as a bad-paying game. Isn't that true, Fladge?' 'Ho— ho! rather?' 'Is he then?' asked Greg in a whisper, and with a backward jerk of his head. ' Yes.' 'And that old man with the cart, omih' along with the luggage?' John Woodhatch nodded again. ' And those we're a comin? to, where the lights are ? I see 'em now.' 'Yes.' 'Its another reformatory then,'1 said Greg, with a visible shudder ; ' I see the game now. Let a feller get out, and drown hisself in that water. I can't stand any more on it,' cried Greg, very desperately ; 'and I won:t stand any more on it.' Mr. Fladge, behind, laughed at this, too ; but John Woodhatch, ever watchful and con. siderate, as it seemed, said — ' Its not a reformatory, Greg ; and, bating it or not,fyou can leave it when you like.' ' I— I can !' exclaimed Greg, in his intense astonishment. ' Yes, when you like. Why should I try to stop you V 'Why — yes — o' course not,' answered Greg. 'The dcors are open, there are no locks to them, and Crapper is not at the side gate for ever on the watch,' he continued. ' I shall not lift a hand to stay you, Greg ; rather open the door for you very wide, and say, ' Goyour way. You have had your trial and are found wanting. There is the road to London and ruin ; or, if you prefer it, there is the sea to crown jourself in — and that I strongly recom rm nd as a choice.' Do you understand John Woodhatch now, lad?1' ' No,' answered_ Greg, stoutly and frankly. 'We w£H leave it till — to-morrow.' 'And if ? ' 'And if ?'' repeated Mr. Woodhatch. ' And if 1 want to go back to London, wi!l yer find the coin to send me back ?'' asked . Greg, as a new idea suggested itself to him that he would not unpack, but take the first train home again in the morning. Yes, Greg was not dull, thought John Wcodhateh, who looked down into the dark gleaming eyes upiaised to him. ' Cou)d not you walk?' asked John. ' I'd rajther tramp it than ? ' ' Than stop,' concluded John Woodhatch. ' Well, Greg, you need not trouble your mind about that. You can have the money to go back to Daddy Devil when you are . tired of me.'1 ' Thankee, sir,' answered Greg, with more real gratitude, than he had exhibited yet in return for all the trouble which John Wood hatch had taken. Greg's mind was more at ease — even his hard little heart was easy. John Woodhatch was a more incomprehensible animal than ever^ he did not make him out in the least — but it did not matter so that he was sure he was not a prisoner, and could go away when he liked, to-morrow if he liked — the big man with the red face finding the coin to get back, too, which was acting 'like a brick,' And precious soon he would be back too, thought Greg, catch him a-living at this dead and alive madhouse for anything or anybody. There was no further conversation before Farm Forlorn was reached. The subject was closed, explanations had been asked for and given, everything was satisfactory, and Greg Dorward was approach ing the new life. The hedges seemed to grow higher on the road ; there were rustling trees rising from them and casting a deeper shadow; one or two large dogs had sprung out suddenly and were barking vociferously at horse and trap and the legs of Reuben Fladge dangling from the back seat : there was a row of small bouses to pass, sunken in the ground, or gracefully sinking through it, like a bit of &tage; scenery descending through a trap-slide, the roofs being level with the roadway, and the chimney-tops handy to the touch of passers by — houses that were cowering out of the way of the wind — and then there was the big old farmhouse before them, with its lat ticed windows full of cheerful light, with light streaming from the open door, with the ructdy gleam of a coal fire from the big bay window on the ground floor, and with the ujiii ugLuca or many people novermg in the roadway and in the garden ground before the house, and under the big porch, over which a very forest of ivy was trailing, people who had turned out to wel come back John Woodhatch, and who were his retainers, friends and family— his family !— as tfcougb. these were the good old times again, and John Woodhatch was a knight or baron ccming back fxom the Crusades. As he had, too, bringing one with him as a captive, will ing or cnwillirig, in the shape of Gregory Dcrvrait'. Greg koked down from his seat, holding in his hands the reins which Mr. Woodhatch bad thrust upon him instinctively before leaping down. Greg surveyed the scene with a tew interest now this was the end of it, and did not follow the farmer in his descent — being & little uncertain if he were not in charge cf the Bturdy roadster which had car rif d tbcm homewards thus swiftly. In the night shadows te could not see dis tinctly, for all the twinkling lights from the latticed easements. Amongst the crowd . tbere were two or three whom Greg's quick gaze singled out from the rest, denizens of the new, straDgc world to be wondered at a little even then. A man as tall as Woodhatch, gaunt ard thin, who took the master by both haeds, and thook them heartily, and said, 'God bless thce, John ; Tin right glad thoirrt back.' Acd a girl in white, with a straw hat shading a face he could not see, and who was the next to greet the master, in a rich, low musical voice of welcome, holding out both hands also, and to which John turned from bis friends with eagerness, and a something like a happy cry at sight of her. And then a third greeting, before Greg was remembered te be sitting on his perch, holding the horse's reics, and this from a slight woman in black, wiih a shawl drawn closely over her head, and whose voice was deep and resonant and harib, after the youthful tones which had preceded it. ' You arc welcome back, sir,'she answered, almost reverently, stooping over the band he had extended to her. 'Well, Mrs. Chadderton, home again it is,' he answered, cheerily. 'And the boy,' she answered, eagerly; ?' have you got him?' 'Hush!' he said quickly. 'Yes: I have got him safe enough.' (To be continued. ) 