PARLIAMENTARY REFORM IN ENGLAND. Radicalism is evidently coming to the front in England. Mr. Chamberlain and Sir Charles Dilke are two of its most pronounced disciples, and they are two of ■the strongest and ablest members of the present Liberal Government. Some few months back, when Mr. Chamberlain in a speech t Birmingham, went the length of advocating an extension of the fran chise and the redistribution of seats, it was intimated that he was not speaking as the mouthpiece of the Imperial Govern ment, but merely gave utterance to his own views. It is somewhat significant, after this disclaimer, that on the 30th of I October Sir Charles Dilke, when speaking ! in St. Andrew's Hall, Glasgow, should | reiterate in the moBt emphatic manner | the opinions that had been previously ex pressed by his colleague. Can it be that the interval of a few months has marked such an advance in the public sentiment on these two subjects of tbe Radical platform that the Government have determined to adopt them as part and parcel of their forthcoming policy ? It certainly looks very much like it. Of course it is known that the Government have been favourable to the equilization of the county and borough franchise. Indeed as far back as 1859 Mr. Disraeli Bpoke in favour of this proposal, which the late Lord Derby called the "identity of the franchise." He said "in a great many of the boroughs there is a popula tion residing who, for all social and municipal purposes, are part and parcel of the community, but who, for Parlia mentary purposes, are Pariahs. A man votes for a municipality, he pays the parochial rates and taxes, and he is called upon to contribute to all purposes of charity in that borough; but because he lives in a part of the borough which exceeds the boundary formed in 1832 he is not permitted to vote fcr members of Parliament." Of course this was a good starting-point for Sir Charles; and he made the most of it in his speech, which has considerably increased his reputation as a speaker, for he has now given ample evidence that he is neither deficient in eloquence nor humour. Supported by such authorities as the late Lords Beaconsfield and Derby, he felt that lie was on certain ground when lie advocated the identity of the J franchise; but this was but the stepping stone to the wider proposal of the redis tribution of seats, which Sir Charles Dilke regards as "the key to the Thole political future" of England. In illustration of the glaring inequalities of the present system of representation of the electors of Great Britain, the hon. gentleman compared Glasgow with Eye, Bridport, Hertford, and Woodstock, and remarked that each of these boroughs has about one-sixtieth of the electors of the largest constituency in Great Britain. Eye is spread far and wide, and covers four times the area of Glasgow, but it is almost uninhabited. It has only 988 electors, who are represented by "the eccentric Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett." To show the enormous disparity between it and a great city like Glasgow, it may be mentioned that while its income tax assessment is £2,000, that of Glasgow is £12,000,000. Again, like most boroughs, Eye is diminishing in population, and yet it lias more than twenty-one times the proportionate representation in Parliament that Glasgow has. Indeed, the matter may be put shortly thus:—Mr. Aslimead Bartlett, Mr. "Warton, Mr. Arthur Balfour, and Lord Bandolph Churchill represent amongst them 4,290 electors, being equal to one-fifteenth part of the constituency represented by the three members for Glasgow. In view of facts like these, and they can be multiplied if they are not deemed sufficient to prove the unjust inequality I of the existing system of representation j can it be wondered that the intel ligent masses of the great centres of population in England should demand not merely an extension of the county franchise, but a redistribution of seats, so that the present electoral anomalies shall be at once and for ever abolished ? The reform is bound to come. Neither the insinuation of Lord Salisbury that the Liberals may manipulate the Redis tribution Bill in their own interests nor the emphatic declaration of Lord Ran dolph Churchill that he will oppose tooth and nail the enfranchisement of "more than a million of perfectly illiterate agri cultural labourers" will stay the progress of a measure which the advanced in telligence of the people not less than justice itself demands should become the law of the land. The old gum-tree at Glenelg, beneath whose shady branches the colony was proclaimed some forty-seven years ago, has long keen an object of general interest, and many years ago, with the idea of commemorating the great event with which it is associated, a plate setting forth the circumstances of the proclamation was affixed to its trunk; bnt time is playing sad havoc with the tree itself. It is showing signs of decay, and in the ordinary course of things will crumble away, and the fact of its existence will only be a remembrance of the past. In view of this prospective calamity, a patriot colonist has offered a premium for the best design of a permanent memorial to take the place of the eucalyptus relic. It is proposed that the monument shall be built of South Australian granite, on which "tLe names of the fathers of the colony" shall be engraved; and that the cost shall not exceed £900. No inti mation is given as to how the money is to be I raised or what " fathers" are to be held in | "everlasting renown" We presume, how ever,- this will all be arranged in such a way I as not to occasion offence. It is just possible that the gentleman who is calling for designB has completed arrangements for raising the necessary money. If not, a general appeal | for half-a-crown or five shilling subscriptions would speedily raise the desired sum. The object is a thoroughly national one, and as such would be regarded by the public. It wonld thus commend itself to the approval of every right-minded colonist; and we should have as the result of the proposed effort an enduring memorial of an event which is as I important to the colony as a birthday is to an individual We have indications from various directions that a good deal of dissatisfaction is felt at the present management of our railways. No doubt many persons are unreasonable in their demande, but the policy of the autho rities should be, as the policy of a private firm would be, to meet as far as possible { the wishes of their clients. A large and influential deputation, consisting of represen-1 tatives of nearly all the northern and Yorke's Peninsula constituencies, waited on Mr. Catt, the Acting Commissioner of Public Works on Tuesday last, and asked that a through passenger train might be run to the North independently of the goods carriages, and that the fares on the North might be assimilated with those on the Nairne line. They also very properly directed attention to the imperfect method of lighting which is adopted on the railways, and asked that better accommoda tion may be provided for the convenience of ] ladies and gentlemen while travelling long distances. The deputation asked further for arrangements to be made so as to allow people travelling from Yorke's Peninsula to the North train to meet the up-train to the Burro. Mr. Catt, in reply, said the Government intended to a through train to Port Pirie and to Port' Augusta, and it would commence running at the beginning of the new year, but he was unable to promise anything with regard to the Wallaroo train. A large gas retort has, be said, been ordered from England, and it id intended to mike use of the Pope system of lighting the carriages. The Government are, he added, also provid ing gradually better accommodation for ladies and gentlemen, but we hope that some thing like expedition will be used, so that the improvements may be enjoyed by the present generation. With regard to the assimilation of the passenger fares, Mr. Catt would not make any definite promise—indeed he seemed to indicate that if anything the fares will have to be increased, especially on the Nairne line. We trust, however, the Government will hesitate before they take this retrograde step. The railways can be made to pay without adopting such a piece of false economy as this. The revelations that have been recently made concerning the Pollard Juvenile Theatrical Company are distressingly pain ful, not merely to those immediately con cerned, hut to all possessed of humanitarian sympathies. It appears that Mr. Pollard engaged in Melbourne some twelve young girls to form a troupe of juvenile performers. The arrangement made with their parents was that the children should be paid 19. per week and their expenses, and that they should not be taken out oi Australia. Con trary, however, to this understanding they have been taken to India, spite their frequently expressed wish that they wanted to go home. Now the matter has been complicated by the death of Mr. Pollard, aud the question arises—how are the children now to get back to Mel bourne ? Pollard's business has passed into the hands of his father, but it is to be pre sumed that he will not care to break up his troupe until he is absolutely compelled by law or the force of public opinion to give up the unfortunate youngsters. An appeal has been made to the Victorian Government; and at first they did not sec their way to interfere in the matter, and the only other alternative seemed to be for the parents to combine for the purpose of putting the law into operation, but we are ! glad to note that Mr. Service, the Victorian Premier, has altered his mind, and has com municated with the Indian Government on the subject. It is a scandal upon our boasted civilization that a man should be allowed to keep possession of a number of children for a period much beyond what was originally stipulated against their own wishes and against the wishes of their parents. The episode, painful though it be, will probably be useful in conveying a wholesome moral to persons not too easily to sacrifice the control of their children. A few days ago a Chinese missionary speak ing at a meet ng held in Melbourne ventured the startling statement that there are more heathen in the suburbs of that city than there are in the Hebrides. The remark will apply with tenfold force to a great city like London, concerning which some appalling disclosures have recently been made by the Secretary to the London Congregational Union, in a pamphlet entitled " The Bitter Cry of Outcast London," The picture he gives of the physical wretchedness and fester ing corruption of tfcis modern Babylon is almost post belief. It was thought that the efforts of philanthropists, and the operations of the Artisans' Dwellings Act would have done something to mitigate the nameless evils which spring from poverty and the overcrowding of people in such a small area as London affords- for her four to five million inhabitants. But tbe buildings erected for the very poor by well meant benevolence have been appropriated by arti zans and clerks, while the effect of the Act referred to has been to clear large spaces " of fever brooding rookeries, to make way for the building of decent habitations, but the rents of these are far beyond the means of the abject poor. They are driven to huddle more .closely together "in the few loathsome places still left to them, and so Dives makes aSricher harvest out of their misery, baying np property condemned as unlit for habita tion, and turning it into a gold mine, because the poor must have shelter somewhere, even though it be the shelter of a living tomb." And from the description given of some of j these places they may well be called living j tombs, "In one cellar have been found a father, mother, three children, and four pigs! In another room is a man ill with smallpox,, his wife just recovering from her eighth con finement, and the children running about half naked and covered with dirk Another apartment contains father, mother, and six children, two of whom are ill with scarlet fever," Commenting upon the social evils prevalent in Melbourne, and no doubt having in mind " The Bitter Cry'of Outcast London,' the Rev. D. Jones Hamer, in an earnest speech the other day, truly said, " the Christian Church would be performing a noble duty if it' laboured in the cause of healthy houses for the poor, the removal of everything that militated against health of body and mind, and to the raising of men to their proper dignity and self-reBpect." And this is what the Christian Church will have to do if it is to retain its influence in the world. ' Members of Parliament are mostly like other I folk. They are perfectly prepared to dis-1 charge a duty when it does not interfere with their inclination or personal comfort When the Minister of Education heroically ventured upon a trip to the Northern Territory, and issued free invitations to the " representatives of the people," only three intimated their I willingness to accompany the gallant | Minister in his perilous journey. When the Treasurer the other day offered his fellow members a free passage in one of I the coasting steamers if they would run J down to the South-Easi for a day or two, not more than half a dozen were prepared to make a voyage in a boat that was hardly up to.theP. &0\. standard. But when a Parliamen tary trip is suggested without the elements of distance, time, or danger—when in fact it | promises to afford a pleasant outing for a couple of days near home, then we find some two score of patriotic members who are ready ] to exhibit their self-sacrificing zeal in the interests of the country. This, we under stand, was about the number «vho last week undertook the journey between Adelaide and Willunga for the purpose of testing the respective merits of the two alternative routes for the Willunga railway. There was some pleasant coaching, two or three jovial banquets, and a general consciousness that public duty was being discharged under very auspicious circumstances. Some persons may question the practical good of huge in spections like this, and think they are only arranged for the sake of the pleasant recrea tion they afford; but in this instance, we believe, an element of usefulness has been mixed with the fun and frolic, for we are assured that the survey of the two routes convinced a majority of the excursionists most unmistakably of the ar vantages of < over the other. _____ The Christmas number of the Adelaide Observer issued to-day possesses in an unusual degree those characteristics which I have never failed in the past to procure for J these special publications a hearty welcome from all classes of readers. In addition to the ordinary miscellaneous collection of travel sketches, critical reviews, essays, fiction, and an imposing Christinas Literary Mince pie, the chief ingredients of which are ingenious puzzles, mirth-provoking Christ- I mas games, a large number of mystifying J conundrums, and several humorous stories, there is a special twelve-page supplement. Considerable care has been exercised in the j production of this portion of the paper, with the result that we have a varied and inte resting collection of tales, poetry, riddles, chess, problems, humorous and other | matter, specially appropriate for the ap proaching season ol enjoyment and relaxa _ tion. The Christmas stories are, of course, " the strong feature of the number, some of J these being from the pens of well-known English novelists, while others have been : contributed by Australian writers,- but other | departments of literature have also been placed under contribution. " For Mai)—The I Story of Two Christmas'Gifts," by Lindsay | Duncan, is a pleasantly written count of the experiences of a young lady who said " yes" to the wrong man, and was enabled to escape from this undesirable position in the most unexpected fashion, due largely to the fact that the time was Christ- j mas. "Poor Kitty Sloane" is an affecting story of Irish devotion—in this case crowned with the most complete success—from the pen of that veteran in this kind of fiction, E. Owens Blackbnrn. In "The Wonderful Bottle" Miss C. H. Spence tells an interesting Btory, presumably founded on an Irish legend, especially suited to the tastes of the younger members of the household, and hot without attractions for those of larger growth. Then we have " A Stray I Kitten," by the author of "How I j Pawned my Opals," and other stories. " Gladys Leigh's Christmas Gift" — a diamond ring which was subsequently replaced in a little village Church byl the usual plain circlet. This i tertaining sketch is written by Florence Hodgkinson, the authoress of " The Ghost of Avondale," "Vere's Love Story," and other tales. In "George Lintons Escape" we have a thrilling South Australian story redolent of the sheepwash and the drafting-yards. Master George is a thorough colonial, and thongh originally only the manager of the station, becomes in due course, through the agency of the owner's only daughter, first a partner and then a son-. in-law. The record of bis experiences, over throwofnumberlesswickedmachinations,and the triumph of virtue will certainly serve to while away an hour in a very pleasant fashion. "Sold for £5," by Sibella Edgcombe, is a pathetic little story of the separation and subsequent restoration to her parents after the lapse of long years of an only daughter. Two stories in verse entitled, " The Lost Child" and " The Kan garoo Hunter's Soliloquy," and a sonnet add to the interest and variety of the Christmas number of the Observer, which is now pro curable at the various agencies. 