LAND SELECTIONS. The following Government lands were scld on credit at the Land Office during the week ended Thursday, December 27 :— At £l per acre. Hundred 'Wiltunga, County Daly— Sections 7S, SO, 829 acres, John Alves, sen., Snowtown line ; section 193, 354 acres, James OTfeill, farmer, Barunga. Hundred Wokurna, County Daly ? Section 14, 455 acres, William Eat, Snowton line. Mr. R. Dixson, M.P., left Adelaide on Wednesday by the steamer 'Victorian for Melbourne en route for America and Europe. Mr. Dixson was accompanied to the Port by the Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P. (Chief Secretary), and a number of other friends. He will pro bably be absent for six months. An inquest was held by Mr. J. Rumble at Port Wakefield on Wednesday, December 2o', on the body of George Charles Grocott, who wes found dead on the previous day. It appeared from the evidence that deceased, who was a young man, attended a picnic at Kulpara on Christmas day, and when leaving the grounds on horseback in the evening it was noticed that he was intoxicated. Sub sequently a party of picnicers returning to Pc-t Wakefield found him lying by the side of the road quite dead. The sause of death was fracture of the skull, probably caused by a fall from his horse, A verdict of accidental death was returned. A fixed deposit receipt for £150, a cheque for £4, and eighteen shillings in silver were found in deceased's pocket. ' The folly of tending money through the pest without entailing the expense of regis tration,' says the Kapundu Herald, 'is being continually exposed. A short while ago a IoceI tr&dcsman; posted £3 in an ordinary letter, but it never reached its destination, and experience repeatedly shows that money forwarded by poet should as a matter of policy be registered. Another case has now been brought ur,der cur notice. A resident of Norwood, named Hodge, had occasion to send money to Adelaide, and without registering the letter he forwarded by post, in addition to a cheque (the amount of which we have not beard), a £10 and a £5 note. The letter with its enclosures have not since been heard of, and Mr. Hodge has learned to his cost that to endeavor to save the registration fee in mis taken economy.' The church mission at Bowdon-on-the« Hill was opened by His Lordship Bishop Kencion on Wednesday (St. Stephen's Day), in Sir. Anderson's schoolroom. After the service the bishop preached, choosing as his text Acts vii., 55. 'But Stephen, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up steadfastly into heaven and saw the glory of God and Jesus standing on ths right hand of God.' In concluding his sermon his lordship said they were starting that mission because they had learnt to love Jesus themselves, and they wanted the people there to love and serve him also. They wanted to do something for the Master because they knew that all over this colony the knowledge of the Saviour was needed. He asked them all to do their utmost in the cause by their prayers, their sympathy, and their energy. Dedication services were held at St. John's Church, Adelaide, on Thursday. Holy Com munion was celebrated in the morning, and a full choral service was held in the evening, when Bishop! Reunion preached to a large congregation. His lordship took for his text John 13, 23— 'One of his disciples whom Jesus loved.' He referred to the disciples of Christ as examples to Christians desiring to know how to follow the Master, and expressed the hope that the special lesson of love dis played by St. John had sunk deep into the hearts of the congregation of St. John's Church. His lordship gave a general out lice cf the character of the favorite apostle, and j dwelt at length on some of his special characteristics, which he described as being affection, fear lessness, sternness, and hatred of anything bordering on hypocrisy. Raffaelle and other great artists, he said, generally represented St. John on canvas as a man of exceeding tenderness ; but though he was a tender msn such portraiture hardly gave us a true conception of -bis character, for a study of the Gospel showed that beneath the ten derness there lay the stern spirit to which he had referred. That characteristic might have been a result of the apostle's connection with the rugged John the Baptist, whom he followed. His lordship concluded an eloquent discourse by referring to several anecdotes in the life of the apostle as illus trative of his bold piety, and by the state ment that he (the speaker) had noticed when visiting parishioners that old people generally exhibited a preference for the Gospel by St. John, while younger people liked the earlier gospels. The offertory was in aid of the restoration fund. There is considerable dissatisfaction amongst a large section of sailing craft owners at Port Adelaide as to the apportion ment of the prize-money at the New Years Day Regatta by the committee. It seems that last j ear the total amount of money set aside for yscht and boat races was £171 6s., cf which £71 15s., or 4L per cent, of the whole was for yachts. This time, however, £113 Is. is devoted to pulling races, whilst only £?d 15s.. or 24 per cent, is available for sail craft. The chief cause of the difference is that the first-class yacht race in the last regatta, involving prizes to the extent of £35, has been cut out altogether without any addition being made to the prizes for the other yacht races. The reason given for the exclusion is that there were no first-class yachts intending to compete, but the race was cpen to all yachts, and not those above the second-class limit only. Thus second and third-class yachts had a chance of competing (time allowance being made for size) for prizes of £25 and £10 respectively, whilst now the 'prizes in tht chief yachting race are £10 10s., £5 5b., and £2 2s. The committee were of course perfectly justified in cutting out the race for first-class yachts when there was no prospect of entries, but certainly a portion at any rate of the money thus gained should have gone to increase the prizes for the other races. Even supposing £35 more had been devoted to the yachts, the proportion of their prize money would still be about 9 per cent less than that of last year. Apart from the relative value of yachts and yacht rscicg, it is obvious that at a general regatta 76 per cent, of the prize- money is too much to set apart for pulling races, more especially when sailisg craft are very numerous, as is the case at Port Adelaide. The owners .of scnie fourteen or fifteen sailing boats have decided not to enter their craft on account of the unequal distribution of tbe funds, but it is to be regretted that they arrived at this determination before consulting the committee, as the latter might have remedied the difference. As it was the intimation from the yacht owners seemed to the committee to be a little more than an expression of dissatisfaction, and to use a slang phrase they 'got their backs up,' and emphatically refused to alter the programme. 