PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7. The President entered the chamber at five minute. past 5 o'clock, and there not being a quorum, declared the House adjourned until -half-Past 4 o'clock on the following day. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, March 7. The Speaker took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock, THE HOLY BOOK. Mr, BENT said that his attention had been drawn to the following portion of the report of his speech of the previous evening which appeared in The Argus : " Mr. Bent had not seen them in the programme of the coalition Ministry. When the coalition Government was formed, he was certain it would go to the sad, as all Immoral alliances did. The Holy Ghost seed-wheat He took the trouble to refer to the Ilaward reporters on the subject, and he obtained from them the confirmation of his own recollection, namely, that what he said was that " the Holy Book declared it," and not the Holy Ghost declared it." RESIGNATION OF THE MINISTRY. Mr. GRANT said Mr. Speaker I am directed by His Excellency to inform the House that he will receive the address in reply to his opening Speech to-morrow, at a quarter-past 12, at Government-house. I beg also to inform the House that Ministers this day tendered their resignations to His Excellency, and His Excellency was pleased to accept the same, We now hold office pending the appointment of our successorS. The hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr. Service has been commissioned to form an Administration, and we have proffered our services to enable him to obtain supplies and to pass a temporary advances bill. THE ESTIMATES. Mr. GRANT moved that the estimates laid on the table of the House on the previous day be referred to committee of supply. Agreed to, CHAIRMANSHIP OF COMMITTEES. Mr. GRANT moved that the House resolve itself into committee of supply, Mr. FRANCIS said that at the close of the first session of the last Parliament, on the order of the day for the consideration of the Custom a Duties Bill in committee, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen moved that Mr. Cooper, hon. member for Creswick, be elected Chairman of Committees of the whole Assembly. He would like to know if he would be in order now in moving that Mr. Cooper be elected Chairman of Committees of the whole Assembly. The SPEAKER. Did Sir Bryan O'Loghlen gave notice ? Mr, FRANCIS I am informed not, but in order to bring the matter to an issue, I move that the hon, member for Creswick (Mr. Cooper) be elected Chairman of Committees of the whole House. Mr. M'INTYRE seconded the motion. Mr. RICHARDSON rose to a point of order. He submitted that the usual practice in the sense of Commons and in the Victorian Parliament was to give notice of intention to propose a candidate for the rwi°!'!¿a 0 chairman of Commons eXCEpting ascertain Mr. FRANCIS rose to a point of order. He did not intend to assume that the hon. member wished to mislead the House, but Lie assertion was inconsistent with fact as recorded in Hansard. the very words which he had just used were also used by the Speaker on the occasion of Mr Cooper's previous election : " I think the most regular course is to submit such a motion without notice. That is the practice of the House of Commons." Mr. M'INTYRE. said that the Speaker's ruling on that occasion must have been given under similar circumstances to the present. On going into committee of supply the House must have a chairman, and the appointment was made just as the Speaker's was, namely, without notice. Mr. RICHARDSON asked whether it was not the proper course to appoint a chairman temporarily on going into committee of supply. The action he was taking was not prompted by any objection he might have to the appointment of his colleague (Mr Cooper), but there were several other candidates who desired to test the feeling of the Borneo regarding their fitness for the position. Mr. WHEELER.-Why are they not here now? Mr. RICHARDSON.-They were in the house, but the reason it was not desirable to 1:0 on now was that parties had not been formed. ("Oh, oh," and laughter.) Mr. BENT.-How long will it take to form them? Mr. RICHARDSON. of the Government had gone to a division on the previous night it would have been seen to which parties hon, members belonged. Major SMITH thought that as a matter of fair play Mr. BENT.-Don't stonewall. We don't want to stop here, (Laughter.) Major SMITH Hon. members on the Ministerial side should give hon. members on the Opposition side an opportunity of submitting a candidate. Mr, FINCHAM.-We are all on one side row. (Laughter.) Major SMITH What I want to point out is this-there are two gentlemen who formerly belonged to what was known as the Berry party (Land laughter.) Mr. BENT.-Where is that party now? (Renewed laughter,) Major SMITH They belong to the party still, and they are under the impression that they have as good a right to be elected to the office as any other man. On former occasions when the matter was in dispute a temporary chairman was appointed, The SPEAKER.-The usual course in the House of Commons is that the chairman of committees is elected in committee without notice. If there is a difference of opinion the Speaker is asked to resume the chair until the question is decided. In this House, so far as my memory serves me and my recollection goes back to a very remote time-it has commonly been the practice to give notice before the election. My i own opinion is that notice is not necessary, if it is desired that I should leave the chair for the purpose of resuming it and deciding the question, that course may be followed, but it will be more convenient to come to a decision now. Mr. Francis and Mr. Nimmo rose together, there being loud calls for each member, until the latter gave way. Mr. FRANCIS said that he had merely ' called the Speaker's ruling, and had not formally moved the motion. He would move it now. Mr. M'INTYRE.-And I second it. Mr. NIMMO said he had no personal objection to the hon. member for Creswick whose conduct during the time he had occupied the chair had given him (Mr, Nimmo) entire satisfaction. But there were young members of the House who required to be initiated into a knowledge of the standing orders and practice of the House, and who had a clear right to be furnished with an opportunity of acquiring that knowledge, The House required to be educated into a knowledge of the standing orders. There was one young son. member-Mr. Dow, of Kara Kara who bad youth, energy, and zeal in his favour, and if he was elected to the position of Chairman be would doubtless address himself to the work of becoming intimately acquainted with the standing orders, while be would treat in a proper spirit the various members who rose to speak. Such offices should not be continually held by the same person, and the present was a favourable opportunity for a change. He moved that Mr. Dow be elected Chairman of Committees. Mr. LANGRIDGE seconded the motion. Mr, FINCHAM remarked that, as he belonged to no party, he hoped his opinion would be accepted as unbiassed. He congratulated the Speaker on his re- election, because he had shown his fitness for the position, and he would now vote in favour of a Chairman of , Committees who also had proved his capacity. (Cheers.) Both offices were so important that they should only be occupied by men who had given good evidence of being well qualified to do so, as hon. members might not yield a ready obedience to an hon. member who they might feel did not know his business. The hon. member for Emerald-hill had recently given a very good argument why lar. Cooper should be re-elected. It was essential for a gentleman to be appointed whose experience would command respect. (Hear, hear!) He (Mr. Fincham) had been ignored by all parties, and had been punished for disobeying the mandates of a party of which he was a most faithful follower. That party had now changed their position, and he was glad of it, because by doing so they admitted that Fincham was right and had done his duty. Be bad greater foresight than they, and had an opportunity of retaliating, because those who were his former colleagues, and who had hoisted the flag against him, now confessed that he was right, (Hear, hear,) i Mr. PATTERSON asked why a division should be insisted on at this particular time, The leaders of parties were now friendly, and he failed to see why the hon member for Warrnambool should bring forward the motion in favour of Mr Cooper. He maintained that hon members were entitled to consider the merits of the different candidates for the position of Chairman of Committees at a proper time. There was no very important business to be transacted to-night, and the question ought to come on later. It should be noticed that the motion for the election of the hon. member for Creswick was proposed by the hon. member for Warrnambool, and that it was seconded by the hon. member for Maldon, and those two gentlemen were not regarded as being anxious for anything of a peaceful nature OF ) Three weeks' time might reasonably be given for determining when the Chairman should be. Mr. C YOUNG expressed the hope that the present state of the House was not an augury of the kind of peace was to have in the future (Cheers ). He failed to see why the hon. member for Castlemaine should lecture the hon. member for Warrnambool, v, whose motion the Speaker had ruled in order Mr. PATTERSON -He has not Mr C YOUNG.-Tbe fact of the Speaker permitting the motion to be discussed showed that he considered it in order (Hear, hear) Mr. PATTERSON understood the Speaker to say that the selection of Chairman should be made in committee (Hear, hear ). The SPEAKER Both hon. members are right (Loud laughter ) The practice in the House of Commons is for the committee of the whole to consider the election of their Chairman, and if there is a contest the Speaker resumes the chair, and the matter again comes before him and the House. But is it worth while to go into committee to decide the points (Hear, hear.) Mr C YOUNG -I got up merely to resent any attempt on the part of the hon member for Castlemaine to take the place of a censor, and lecture the hon member for Warrnambool Mr. PATTERSON-You have no power now. (Laughter ) Mr. C YOUNG-And I might add, to resent any impertinence as well. The SPEAKER said that the second proposal would not be taken as an amendment to the first He would therefore put the candidates to the vote in the order in which they were moved. On the question that Mr Cooper be elected Chairman of Committees, the House divided, with the following result - Ayee di Noes 23 Majority for Mr. Cooper M -The following is the division-list - AYES Mr Anderson Mr Francis Mr Moore \- Bent \- Gibb \- Officer \- Bolton \- Gillies \- Orkney \- BoslEto \- Grout \- Sliockcll \- Bowman \- Graves \- Shiela \- Burrowes \- Harper \- Smith, C \- Cameron \- Dorris, J \- Toohey \- Clark, K \- Keys \- Walker \- Connor \- Langdon \- Woods \- Coppin \- Davies, M \- Levien \- Wrixon's \- Madden, J J - Yeo \- Derham \- Madden, W \- Young. 0, \- Duffy v- UHiiter \- Zinc \- Dudinin \- M'Lean NOES. Mr Baker Mr Langridge Mr Pearson \- Bill \- Laurens \- Roses \- Billson \- Macgregor \- Reid \- Davies, D M - Mason \- Ri bardson \- Deakin \- M'Coll \- Russell \- Gardiner \- M Laffan Major Smith \- Hall \- Mirams Mr Tucker \- Harris, A \- Nin mo \- Uren \- James \- Patterson \- Young, A he announcement of the result was received with cheers and counter cheers. SUPPLY The House went into committee of supply. Mr Cooper, on taking the chair, was greeted with cheers. The CHAIRMAN said I am very much obliged to hon. members for their kindly feeling, and the expression of their confidence -has is the third time I have had the honour of being elected to this chair, and I trust that during my term of office I shall do nothing to render myself unworthy of the confidence which has been reposed in me, or unbecoming the dignity of the position I thank hon. members very much. Mr GRANT congratulated the Chairman on his re-election and trusted that he would discharge his duties with the impartiality which had distinguished him in the past He moved " That a sum not exceeding £537,500 be granted to her Majesty on account for and towards the service of the year The resolution was carried, reported to the House, and adopted. WAI S AND MEANS. The House then went into committee of ways and means Mr GRANT moved " That towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty (or the Be] vice of the year ending 30th June, 1883 the sum of £587,600 be granted out of the consolidated revenue of Victoria, ' Agreed to. CONSOLIDATED REVENUE (£587."3O0) BILL The refolutionpoBsed in committee of ways and means was considered and adopted, Mr GRANT submitted a bill to supply out of the consolidated revenue the sum of iôS7,D0_ to the service of the year 1882 3 The bill was passed through all its stages ADJOURNMENT. At 20 minutes past -9 the House adjourned till next (this) day 