THE LOXG-RAXGED ROARER. About the ye ir ltal the m<*st lunuenti-u man iu San Antonio was an alleged desperado named B"b .A^ustine. Bob came to S.m Antouia with a fearful record. He enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or so of men, and was respected accordingly. While he was in San Atonio he did not re duce the census at all, but that was not his fault. Ho had a seductive way «■£ drawing; his eighteen-iuch Arkansas tooth-pick, and examining it critically with a sinis;er smile, while humbly requesting the temporary loan of 5 dol. Thus it was that Bob went about acquiriug health and warm personal friends, but creating no funerals. There were rumors that Bob was playiug bluff, but thai was after he had marched away. It was during the reign of Bob Agustine, " the long-ranged roarer of the Calaveras Canoa," as he familiarly called himself, that a yonng man from Boston named Johu Winthrop, came to >\an Antonio, presumably in search of health—as he brought very little with him. He vras far gone in consumption, and uothing but tiie fact thac he had but a short time to live, unless the climate of Western Tex*s saved him, induced him to come toSiin Antonio. As everybody carried a pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public decency by going unarmed. Besides, such a course might as seriously interfere with his restoration to health as putting on a clean shirt. His P.iritan training caused him to revolt at the idea of carrying firearms, so he re sorted to artifice. He wore a holster, but instead of keeping a pist il in it, he had his cash funds stored away iu it, aud nobody was the wiser foe it. Ou the contrary, Winthrop was looked up • to by the best citizens just the same as if lie was loaded down with deadly w eapons. Of course every body tried to make the stranger from Massa chusetts ftel as comfortable as if he wrs at home; so he was told ail about Bob Augus tine, the lons^-ranged roarer, at least ten times a day, and he was advised not to be particular in asking security for the debt in case the roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unless he, Winthrop, dtd not wish to regaiu his health As might have been expected, the long ranged roarer called on Winthrop to collect his usual assessments ou strangers. Win throp was of the opinion that if he could save h s life aud lose all his money he would be doing unusually well. The long-ranged roarer's idea was to chase the blue-bellied Yankee around the room for a time or so, collect 5 doi. or 10 dol., aud perhaps make som* ear-marks, a la Whi-.taker, so he would know him in a crowd if he should meet him again. The long-ranged roarer sauntered into Winthrop's room at the hotel, but before the desparado could open his mouth or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee threw back his c iat. aud with trembling fingers tugged at his pistol-holsters to get at his lnouey to appease the would-be assassian. On the other hand, as soon as the roarer saw Win throp irying to get out his pistol he turned as pale as a ghost. The alleged desparaao's knees knocked together, the cold sweat boiled out all over him, aud he extended his hand and said, tremblingly : " Dou't draw, good Mr. Yankee ! I was only trying to fool you. My old Arkansaw heart beats for you, my boy. I just wanted to teach you a lesson. Never let any darned galloot get the drop on you. If anybody insults yon, jest tell them that Bub Agustine, the roarer, is your friend. Winthrop, nho was more scared (if pos ble) than the roarer, replit d: "Oh, I'll give you what you want," and kept on tugging at the holster, whioh came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off the sash, and ran down Commodore-street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howling *' Police, Dol:ce !" closely pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging at his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing that the desperado was runniug to his room to procure a shotgun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Winthrop kept ou hunting the roarer to purchase peace on terms, nnd the roarer hid himself to avoid the pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged roarer of the Calaveras Canon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day for having rnn off the terror of the Alamo City. A New Rbsiedy.—The Americans are said to have discovered a new remedy. It has the advantage of simplicity, for it con sists of half a glass of very hot water, taken morning and evening, or whenever a " pick mo-up" is required. It is said to cure gout, rhanmatism, indigestion, dyspepsia, and many other of the complaints to which ftesh is heir. It is well spoken of by a considerable number of people, and notably by those whose brains are heavily taxed. Suicide.—A melancholy suicide was (says the Sydney correspondent of the A rgus) com mitted at Tumut on Saturday morning. Mrs. Charles Foord, a youug married woman, for some time prostrated by illness, rose from her sick bed, got through the open window, threw herself head foremost into a dam 12 feet deep, and was drowned before assistance arrived, The Accident at Homebdsh.—The men engaged searching for the body of the unfortu nate man William Hill, who was buried on Saturday morning by a rush of sand in the Working Miner's claim, continued their opera tions until eleven o'clock on Monday night, when deceased was found at a spot about thirty feet from the place where he was working when the accident occurred. From the injuries sus tained by deceased, his neck being broken, it is certain that his death must have been instan taneous, probably caused by a blow from a piece of timber, and he was then carried to the spot where he was found by the rush of sand and water. We learn from the " M. and D. Advertiser" that an inquest was held on Tues day last, when the jury returned a verdict of acci dental death, and found that no blame was attributable to the company or it3 management; adding the following as a rider :—" That the present system o£ knocking on the air pipes for anything but danger should be abandoned, and that some other mode of escape be prorided other than atpresent, viz., escape drives." Shocking Occctvrence.—A correspondent of the "Telegraph" at Teasdale, forwards the following account of a poor child being burnt to death :—" A shocking case of burning occurred here on Thursday, the victim being a child, aged five years and a half, the daughter of Mr. Frederick Griffin. It appears from particulars gleaned at the inquiry, the little girl and a younger sister went into a hollow not far from the house, where a tree had been burnt down the night previous, and were playing with the smoldering ashes, when the elder sister's gar ments caught fire, and before anyone saw her, the whole of her clothiug was hurnt off her body. The poor child managed to limp with her crutches (for she was lame) a distance of three chains, all the road being up hill. Her father then caught sight of her, and rushed to her assistance, but the cruel lire had done its work, and she died shortly afterwards. The child, who, twenty minutes before, was in perfect health, was a hurnt and charred mass— a sickening sight to behold. -An inquiry was held by Mr. H. Berthen, J.I'., when a verdict of accidently burnt to death; from her clothes catching fire at a burning tree, was returned. The sad event has cast quite a gloom over our quiet township." James Sims, a laborer in Sydney, was sent to goal for twenty-four hours for refusing to pay Is. for four drinks, SO.METHIXG CUiUOCS HAPPENED A bjy tea years old pulling a heavy cart Wiled with pieces of boards and lath.taken from some demolished s:ructure—au every day sight in ali our cities. Tired and tx hausted he halted under a shady tree. His feet were bruised and sore, his clothes in rags, his face pinched and looking years older than it should. What must be the thoughts of such a child as he looks out upon the world—the fine houses, the rich dresses, the rolling CArriages, the happy faces of those who have never known what it was to be poor ? Does it harden the heart and mako it wicked, or does it bring a feeliug of lone liness and wretchedness—a wondering if the rich man's Heaven is not so far from the poor roll's Heaven that he will never catch sight, of their pinched faces I The bjy lay down on the grass, and iu live minutes was sound asleep. H's bare feet just touched the curbstone, and the old hat fell from his head and rolled to the walk. In the shadow of the tree his face told a story that every passer-by could read. It told ot scanty food—of nights when the body shivered with cold—of a home with out sunshiue—of a young life confronted by mockiug shadows. Then something cmious happened. A laboring man—a queer old rnau with a wood saw on his arui—crofStti the street to rest for a moment beneath the same shade. He glanced at the boy and turned away, but hi3 look was drawn again, and now he saw the picture and read the story. He, too, was poor. He. too, knew what it was to shiver and hunger. He tip-toed along until he could bend over the boy, and then he took out a piece of bread and meat—the dinner he was to eat if he found work—and laid it down beside the lad. Then he walked carefully away looking back every moment, but hasten ing out of sight as if he wanted to escape thanks. Men, womeu, and children had seen it all, and what a lever it was '? The human heart is ever kind and generous, but sometimes there is need of a key to open it. A man walked from his steps and left a half dollar besides the poor man's bread. A woman walked down and left a yo d hat in place of the old one. A child came with a pair of shoes and a boy brought a coat and vest. Pedestrians halted and whispered and dropped dimes and qnarters beside the first silver piece. Something curious had happened. The charity of a poor old man had unlocked the hearts of a score of people. Then something strange occurred. The pinched- faced boy suddenly awoke, and sprang up as if it were a crime to sleep there. He saw the bread— the clothing—the money—the score of people waiting around to see what he would do. He knew that he had slept, and he realised that all those things had come to him as he dreamed. Then what did he do ? Why he sat down and covered his face with his hands and sobbed like a grieved child. They had read him a sermon greater than all the ser mons of the churchs. They had set his heart to swelling and jumping until it choked him. Poor, ragged, and wretched, and feel iag tkat he was no mors t- > the world than a stick or sti>ne—he had awakened to find that the world regarded hiiu as a human beiug worthy of aid and entitled to pity.—Detroit Free Press. 