DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT The eighth Parliament of Queensland, which began its Legislative career on January 14th, 1879, and has passed through six sessions, gave up the ghost on Thursday after being in exist ence a little over four years and six months. We append below a list of the leading measures adopted by this Parliament during its tenure of life : — Brisbane Town Hall, Census (1880), Cor rected Titles to Land, Customs Duties, Divi sional Boards Act Amendment, Duty on Cedar (since postponed), Endowments to Municipali ties and Divisions, Fire Brigades and an Amendment Act on same, Goldfields Home stead Act Amendment, Gold-mining Appeals, Government Loans (1881 and 1882), Govern ment Savings Bank Amending, Immigration, Indian Immigration Act Amending, Legal Practitioners, Licensing Boards Act Amending, Local Government Act Amending, Local Works Loan, Macalister Peneion, Marsupial Destruc tion ; Maryborough Cemeteries Sale, Mineral Lands, Mines Regulations, Pacific Island Laborers, Pearl Shell and Becbe-dc-mer Fishery, Police Jurisdiction Extension, Port Dues Re-; vision, Postage Act Amending, Post Card and Postal Note, Rabbit, Railway and Tramway Extensions (1880), Railway Companies Pre liminary (1880), [Sale of Food and Drugs, Sale to Local Authorities Land, Settled Districts Pastoral Leases Act of 1876 Amending, Tram ways (1882), Treasury Bills (1880), United Municipalities ; and amongst private Acts : ? | Brisbane Racecourse Act of 1875 Amending, i Gullands Tramway, Colonial Sugar Refining Company, National Association Land Sales and - Leases, and Rockhampton Racecourse. , The Ministry since first coming into power j has gone through manv changes. The first ses sion opened with the following members of tbo Cabinet : — Premier and Treasurer, Hon. Thos. M'llwraith ; Colonial Secretary and Minister for Instruction, the Hon. A. H. Palmer ; Attor ney-General, Hon. Ratcliffe Pring ; Postmaster | General, Hon. C. H. Buzacott ; Secretary for , Works and Mines, Hon. J. M. MacroBsan ; and Secretary for Lands, Hon. P. Perkins And where is now that merry party? In 1881 we see that the Hon. Pope Cooper had taken the portfolio of Attorney- General, vacant through the death of the Hon. H. R. Boor, who filled that position for a short time on tho exaltation of Mr. Pring to a puisne judgeship, and that the cloak of the Postmaster-General had fallen on the Hon. B. D. Morebead, Mr. Buzacott having taken the editorship of the Brisbane Courier . In 1882 wo see the glidod spurs fas tened on our Colonial Secretary, henceforth to be known as the Hon. Sir Arthur Palmer, E.C.M.G. Towards'the end of tho same year a change takes place, and the Hon. Pope Cooper becomes the judge for the northern jurisdiction in the place of Mr. Justice Sbeppard, deceased, while tbe Hon. C. E. Chubb steps into the vacant Attorney- Generalship. Sir A. H. Palmer is then appointed President of the Oouncil in place of the late Sir Joshua P. Bell. Mr. M'llwraith then took the Colonial Secretaryship, and the Hon. Archibald Archer aooepted the portfolio of Colonial Treasurer. In 1883 Mr. M'llwraith receives the gilded spurs, whioh, by the way, have got considerably blunted in run ning the Transcontinental horse. The Hon. J. M. Macrossan retires from the Ministry in favor of private contracts, and hisplacein the Works Offioo is filled by the Hon. Albert Norton. 8o far, then, tho only members of the original Cabinet who have stood through political fire and water aro tbe Premier and the Minister for Lands. It wants but a few months Jnow, and th» old Adam will be ontiroly put off. 