ITEMS OF NEWS. Tlie Bishop of Melbourne preached in the Anglican Church, Taradale, on Tuesday even ing to a good congregation upon the subject of tbo Ascension. By the Ascension, said Dr. Moorhquse, heaven was not intended to bo localized. An ascent from Judea and ono from Australia would bo in nearly opposito direc tions. Christ ascended to let his disciples know that His bodily presence was withdrawn from the earth, and henceforth they wore to know Him by the Spirit. Heaven is wherovor God's presence is manifested, and tlio Kingdom of Heaven is within His people. Lost evening tiio Bishop preached at St. John s, Chewton, to a modorato congregation, and delivered a vigorous and practical address upon "The Idle Word," for which men will be judged. The justice and judgment of God, he said, were shuddered at, but Scripture taught us to praiso God for His judgment. Men are to bo judgod by their roal natures, and the idle words, the hasty uttoranco is a bettor criticism of that than tho studied speocli. When tho French aristocrat ans'werod tho starving boggar, who said "give mo bread, for I must live," with the words "I do notseo that," he uttered an "idlo word" which illus trated tho character of the aristocracy, an "idlo word " which rang throughout France, and helped on the Roigu of Terror. An intondent General told tho starving pooplo to " eat grass." For this " idle word " ho was judged when his head was carried on a pike, and tho poople stuffed grass into his dead lips. Wo may re" poso with confidence in tlio thought of judgment when wo remember who is our judge — He who asked St. Peter if he lovod Him, and got for a reply, "Lord thou knowest all things." A woman who bad lived a vicious life, asked that two words only should be carved on her tomb stone — tho words "He knoweth." An unprofitable customer patronised Mr Bailoy'B Star Hotel on Saturdny night, and slept there. He was so well pleased with the accom modation that he returned again on Tuesday forenoon, aud being weary ho engaged a room, to which he retired. After resting a few hours he went out, aud on a search being made about five o'clock, it was discovered that a watch and chain of Mrs Bailey's had boon abstracted, and from another room, whero tho servant sleeps, a brooch and earrings. Upon information being given to tho police they at once set about in quiries, and discovered that the chain had been pawned with Airs Marks by a man giving the name of Wilson. Tho fugitive was tracked to tho Globe Hotel, where he had entertained him" self to dinner and a drink, prior to bidding good bye to Castlemaine. Apparently ho made for Chewton, for he was arrested there yesterday, aud conveyed to the Castlemaine watchhouse. He had also been making use of his time at Chewton by appropriating some shirts from a store. It was further discovered that ho had stolen four books from the Free Library at the Mechanics' Institute, and pawned them. Ho has speut somo time in Pentridge, aud arrivod in one of the colonies in 1852 as a convict. The residents of' Chewton are ubout to have their wish gratified of having a railway siding constructed, at which wood may bo landed for mining companies. A letter conveying tiiat in formation has been received from the Railway Department. An old woman named Eliza Smith was ad mitted to tho Hospital yesterday from China man's Creek. It appears that sho had been up a laddor gathoriug apples, when sho foil a distance of about 14 feet breaking her right log just be low the knoe. Tho injury is a very serious one, aud is likely to keep lior some timo an inmate. All the tickets, one thousand in number, printed for tlio Bishop of Melbourne's lecture to night on "Religion and Science," have beon dis tributed. So many persons are desirous of hearing DrMoorhouse, tiiat the circumstance of the lecture having been delivored elsowhoro be fore detracts nothing from tho interest attaching to it in Custlemainu. The following are the returns of traffic on tho Victorian Railways for week ending 3rd May, 1883 : — Passengers, parcels, horses, car riages, dogs, and mails, Ll'J, 122 19s Id ; mer chandise, minerals, and cattle, L19,350 Cs lid ; — total for the week, L38.473 Cs Od : corres ponding week in 1882, L31.753 lis 7d. Aggre gate to this date from 1st July, LI, 585, 909 4s 3d. Weekly average 43 weeks, L36,043 7s lOd. Renter's telograms report that much alarm provails in Halifax, Nova Scotia, on account of rumours to tho offect that Foniau torpedo vessels had been despatched from Boston for tlie pur- poso of destroying British ships tradiug to tho port. Wholher tho rumour is in accordance with facts, or is only ono of the many idlo. fancies which causo feelings of insecurity, "remains to bo seen. LordDufforin has roturnod to Constanti nople, after his protracted stay at Cairo. At the Taradale Police Court yesterday, Jimmv Ah Yung was charged with furious driving. " He did not appear, but sent a lotter to the Bench, stating that ho was willing to nbide by their de cision ; also, that his horse -broko from a trot into a gallop, and that he was unable to stop hint until he Had gone some distance. As Jimmy had not been cautioned, but was known to bo a reck less driver, ho was let off with tho nominal fine of 5s, with 2s Gd costs. At the Polico Court yesterday before Messrs Pearce, and Bone, J.'sP., a dilapidated old Chinaman named Ah Wong was charged with vagrancy and was remanded so that the services of an interpreter might be procured. Walter Williams, who was charged with drunkenness, got out on bail at 7 o'clock in the morning sober, but returned so drunk he found tho door of tho court too narrow for him to get through. Ho was remanded till this morning. An Goon, of unsound mind, was committed to the Kew Asy lum. A meeting of the Mechanics' Institute Com mittee was held last night, the vice-president, Air Alitchcll, in the chair. . The Secretary's re port sot forth that tho hall had boon let on several occasions during tho month, bringing in a rontal of L4. From a finanoial statement that was read it was seen that tho overdraft is L253 15s Id, and tiiat the roceipts for tho month were L25 9s Gd. Accounts amounting to L20 12s 8d for tlio Institute and L2 7s 3d for tho Free Library were passed for payment. It was mentioned by tho Secretary that ho had written to Alessrs Thorburn and Kilburn about tho win- tor concerts, and that he had received a reply, intimating that these gentlemen wero gotting up an entertainment. t At tho Russcll-streot Barracks yesterday af ternoon, a meeting of constables was held for tho purpose of taking into consideration the memo, of the Chief 'Commissioner' to tho effect that any joining aftor tho 13th October, 1880, would not be entitled to receive any more than Cs 6d por diem. Constable Whitney, of North Fitzroy, was voted to tho chair. Thoro were about 250 constables present, including a large number of those who are entitled to the hiher rate. The speakers dwelt on the impossibility of a married man maintaining himself rospoct- ably on Cs Cd por day, and reference was made to the much higher pay roceivod by tho polieo in New South Wales, and also to the far more liberal retiring allowanco which the members of the forco of that colony received.' On the motion of Constable Whitney, of North Fitzroy, seconded by Coustublo J. W. Ryan, of Rdssell- stroet. It was agrood that a memorial bo draWtt up and signed by tho niombera of the forco affected, to be presented to thb Chief Secretary, and. -'that a committee of six, consisting of Soiiibr-cunstable Rogers, of Emerald Hill, and Constables J. W. Ryan, Carter, Griffiths, and M'Evoy, bo appointed to draw up the memorial. A noticoablo feature at tho mcoting was that a largo number of old members of the ' force at tended, and testifiod to the insufficiency of the pay roceivod by their juniors. The diamond drill at Portarlington has bored to a depth of 1043 feet. Tho coro brought up was intersporsod witli particles of carbonacoous matter. Tliq increasing business between Alelbourno and Sydney has induced. one of the oldest stock and sharebroking firms of Alelbourno, Alessrs Clarko and Co; to open a branch in Sydney. Two men named Bateby and Schmidt," who wero working for a farinor near Inglewood, quar relled, aud Sohmidt knocked Bateby into a fire place. -on his back and kept liim there on some burning embers, by kneeling on him, till Bate- by's waistcoat and shirt wore burnt through. Schmidt has been committed for trial. We (World) are informed that tho last timo Sir John O'Shanassy used his pen wa3 in signing a cheque for L50, as a donation towards tho erection of a new presbytery in connection with the Roman Catholic Church at Hawthorn. Ho had already subscribed L50, thus making his donation. L100. At tho Beechworth Assizes yesterday the fol lowing prisoners were sentenced : — Emily Thompson, for abandoning her oliilcL six months' imprisonment ; Henry Wilson, coming and uttering counterfeit coin, threo years' hard labour; John James, horse stealing, three years' hard labour ; and Hemy Turner, stealing money and stamps, two years' hard labour. According to a responsible officer of the me tropolitan police, tlio confectioner's shops in Mel bourne aro, in many instances, training institu tions for tho promotion of female imtemporaiice. The extent to which spirits are brought in aud consumed in these places, under the pretence of ladies only having tea, coffee, or temperance beverages, is, he reports, becoming quite alarm ing- The adjourned inquest on two miners killed in tho Ellonborough mine, Eaglehawk, on April 23rd, was resumed again yesterday at the Cam p Hotel, before Air Stricklaud and a jury of 15. The other cvidonce taken was that of Alctculfe, one of the underground "busses." Thore is a nuriiber of the working miners to givo evidence as to the accident, and it is probable the inquest will continue another day or two. Air Julian Thomas, " The Vagabond," lectur ing at Inyercargill, denounced: . the : Salvation Army as an unclean thing, a statement which was received with general applause and one loud hiss. Mr Thomas added that ha had studied tho working of tlio movement in Adelaide, whero no good had boon done. On the contrary the " barracks " were converted into a place of assignation by members and others, and the tac tics of a musioJiail and " froo and easy " intro duced into what they cubed. religion. At the Sandhurst General Sessions, Air Brown, tho well-known solicitor, appeared in lawyer's robes. His Honour Air Justice Quinism took occasiou to congratulate Air Brown on liis learned appearance. Twonty -five years ago, His Honour remarked it was always the custom, when Air Justico Alacoboy officiated at Alary- borough, Dunolly, and district, for lawyers to wear gowns, but of late years the practice seamed to have been discontinued. Ho hoped that Air Browii's example in. future would be followod by all the attorneys. Somo remark has been occasioned (says the Kyneton Guardian) amongst the.: miners at Alalmsbury by tlio behaviour of an individual who has been in tho habit of frequenting the Egyptian Company's mino at Alalmsbury for several nights, prying about and listening to the conversation of the men, with - the object, it is supposed, of getting early information us to the proximity of tho roof, which it is expected may be struck at any time within , tlio ' next few days. This individual had earned for himself tho.nick- uaino of the " Ghost," rind one of tho directors made it his business to visit the mine during the small hours on Tuesday morning in order to lay tho unquiet spirit. In duo timo the visitor ap peared, and aftor tho director had interviewed him he sent for tho landlord of tho property, who exercised his rights and oxorcised tlio "ghost" by ordering him to leave tho ground, .which' aftor some demur lie did, protesting that ho was a large shareholder. This -statement was' after wards found to be incorrect, and the supposition is that tho individual ill question was in tho employ of somo speculators, who took this moans of endeavouring to got ahead of somo of. the shareholders. Tho ghost will not walk in, fu ture. The Telegraph states tiiat a Bad caso came under tlio notice of tlio City police on Tuesday, soon aftor tho arrival of the clipper ship Tnvers- naid in tho Bay. A young gentleman from Wor cester, England,, who had undertaken a sea voy age to this colony for .the', benefit of his lioaltli, was brought ashore, and after tlie authorities at Saudridgo had been . made acquainted with his case, the town clerk gave him .'a note to the Alel bourno Hospital, as he was Evidently suffering from somo complaint in the head. He was hot admitted into tho Hospital, however, and. was taken bofore one of tile magistrates at the City Polico Court, who, after bearing the particulars of the ease, remanded him; to tile gaol hospital for a woek. Tiio unfortuniile stranger, as far as could be learned, has no friends, in' tho colony, but ho had letters of credit and luggage, which will be taken care' of by tlie police. Amongst his enacts wore several photographs representing him self standing with a scull in one hand, and sur rounded with trophies, . which ho said lie had won. It was elicited that he . was a surveyor by. profession, and that lie had been informed at- home that tho vuyngo would improve his condi tion ; instead, however, he becaino worse as the ship reached port. -It is believed that he is suffer ing froiu paralysis of tlie brain. . What appears" to be a 'most vicious and ex traordinary attempt at libelling a young lady, on the part of another person, was reported (writes the Afulbourno correspondent of the Gippalaaid Mercury) to the metropolitan police on Friday last. Some time during Thursday, evening' a . number of - placards wore posted throughout the , city, at the principal places where the traffic ap peared the thickest. These wero worded as fol lows L100 Reward. — -Nolico.' — Tho abovo 'reward will bo paid to any person who shall dis cover the whoreabouts of Miss , wlio . left iher home on Saturday Inst ill a sad .but interest ing condition. Sho was formerly employed at ithe establishment of Messrs — '- — -, who aro ox- |treiuely anxious for information which may lead to the discovery of her. whereabouts:" ' Herb'fol-: lowed a full description' of tho lady in question, tlio clothes sho had beon in the habit of wo'aring being accurately written up The" .police, ''as< soon as it was' discovered, tore tho papers down, and nil making a call at the establishment al- ludod to, where tho. lady wns atated to have been employed, the -whdlo thing was found to bo a tissue of falsehoods .from beginning to ond. The police have'beehlbbmmutiicated 'with; the friends of the lady being determined not to let the mat- Itor drop whdre'it. is! ' Olio of the' notices was 'posted on a pillar of tlie Goneral Post Office, and so securely .was it fastened that it iyas ncon- sidirablo time before it could be taken off. Further inquiry into the circumstances of tlio recent escape of the prisoner, Anderson, from the Albury- gaol, only renders the affair the morri mysterious. It appears that tho prisoner with' two othors, was locked up in a cell open ing on to. a. corridor. . ' In this corridor a warder was on duty all-night,- arid lie declares he - heard no noiso of any kind. . - .It- has been found, how ever',1 tllat the prisoner got' out of tho building through a liolo in the roof of tho upper story, but to reach 'tlio tippet story he must have passed throiigh tho Corridor iii ydiich'the warder was on watoh. - Tho police magistrate has suspended Warder Gardiner. A largo number of tho Afarqhis De Ray's im migrants, who ha vo settled in New Soutli Wales, have selected land to cultivate the vine and olive. They are quiet industrious people. A telogram from Woodburn received in Syd- noy states that a coal mino is Baid to have been discovered about fire miles from that place, witli seams 4ft. thick. Charles Rosewarno and Emma Beak, . have beon sentenced to throe mouths' hard labour in Sandhurst gaol for robbing a man of jewellery white in a brothel kept by the latter at Echuca. The Alinister of Lands has temporarily re served tin area of 2500 acres in South Gippalrind for the purposes of an agricultural college. . It is the intention of tlio Alinister to make a similar reservation in the Western district. During tlio month, from 11th April to 9th May, the amount declared in dividends in tho Ballarat district mines amounted to : £31,000, and the calls for that period amounted to £30,250. Two thousniid frozen carcases of sheep from tho Frozen Aleat Export Company's works, New port, woro placed in tiie s.s. Orient on Tuesday for shipment to England. The mutton is of prime quality, some turning the scale at 1001b. James Stewart an old resident, and miner of Chartors Towers, was found dead in his hut on Tuesday. Ho had apparently been dead seve ral days, and it is supposed that lie had shot himself in delirium, arising from fevor. Tho Rev. J. W. Inglis, Presbyterian minister, who was iujurod in the railway collision at Olunes, receives £250 compensation. Mr Inglis was severely shaken and out about tho face, but has now entirely recovered. A fatal accident has occurred at North Ade laide. A little boy, aged 8 years, , the "son of a compositor, named Win. Purritt, was playing near ail old well, when the bank gave way, com pletely burying him. When he was extricated life was found to be extinct. Tho young woman named Robinson, who succeeded in victimising a nurabor of business peoplb of Echuca a few weeks ago, has beon ar rested at Booligal, near Hay, at which place she had been engaged :by a squatter as governess to his family. The committee of the New South Wales Row ing Association held a meeting on Tuesday, . .at which medals were given to the Victorian' crew by the Hon. J. Alarks. They are to be sent to Air J ustico Williams for presentation to the members of the crew. The body of the miner Hill, which wns buried in tho Working Miners' United mine at Home- bush, owing to a sudden influx of drift writer and sand on Saturday morning, was recovered at 12 o'clock on Tuesday night. Hill had been driven 40ft from where he was working. . At tho opening of the Saudhurst General Ses sions, on the jury list being called over, there was a number of applications for exemption, one of which was mado by Mr Thomas Shepherd, mining manager of the' Now Ohiim Consolidated Company, who said that there, wero 70 men working iu tlio mine, and he was responsible for their safety. His Honour Judge Quiulan was at first inclined to refuse the request, but on Air Motteram contending that mining managers were exempt by the act, his Honour, consulted authorities, and intimated to Mr .Shepherd he was exempt. A correspondent at Teasdalo forwards the fol lowing account of a poor child being burnt to death to the Telegraph :—" A shocking caso of . burning occourred at Teasdale, on Thursday, the victim being a child, aged five years and a half, the daughter of Air Frederick Griffin. It appears from particulars gleaned at tho inquiry, tho little girl and a younger sister went into a hollow not far from the house, where a tree had boen burnod down tho night previous and were piayiug with the smouldering ashes, when the elder sister's garments caught firo,' and' before anyono saw her; tho whole of her clothing' was burnt off her body. Tlio poor child managed to limp with her crutches (for she was Irime). a dis-j tanco of three chains, all tlio road being up-hill.' Her father tlieu caught sight of herj'.'ahd rushed to her assistance, but the cruel fire had done its work, and she died shortly afterwards. The child, who,' twenty minutes before, .was iu per-, feet health, was a burnt and charred moss — a sickening sight to boliold. > .- The Tariff Commission took a largo quantity of evidence in Alelbourno on Tuesday . on the ' duties on grain, mustard, oatmeal, &c.; Most of tlio millcra and grain dealers examined ad vocated tho abolition of tlie duties on cereals. They stated that (he duty on wheat is super fluous, as the local production has outstripped the home consumption. , As to oats, not only is the Victorian grain inferior to that from New Zea land, both for feeding purposes and for oatmeal, but tlie Victorian farmers aro totally unable to meet the demand, so far as quantity is concerned. The oats duty is having tlio effect of transfer ring trade from Alelbourno to Sydney. . Millers would bo willing to soe the oatmeal duty abolished.if the duty ou oats wns romoved also. Evidenco was given by representatives of the cabmen in favour of the abolition of the duty oil maize. They made one rather important point, which was, that however high maize rises, they cannot raiso tho fares, which are fixed by bye- laws. According to Borne of tho.. witnesses ex amined, tlie farmers here are not exerting themselves to grow more maize. ..i Exclusive; of the grain duties local millers are, they state, at great disadvantage as compared with the trade in :the other, .colonies in consequence of our tariff. , Tlio Tiinaru Herald tolls the follo wing story of " servaiitgulism " as having recently, occurred <iii a town on the west coast of New Zealand "A gentleman there with no sporting proclivi ties was surprised one day, shortly before - the ; local race meeting', to find a horse, evidently with) a bit of blood in liim, quietly feeding in his back garden. Supposing that the animal ' had beon put there for convenience by some cool hand of' tho turf, lie was proceeding to turn it out: when tlio domestic guardian of his establishment called out from the kitchen, ' Oh, it's ;all right, sir ; that's my horso ; I've entered him for the Ladies' Haak Race, and I wantto:keep him undor my own eye till tho time oomes.'- The- gentleman was' so overcomo by astonishment' and amusement that he offered no -objection to. the proposed arrangement, 'and on llie eventful day tho young damsel not only rodo tlio race, but won it, and returned home in- great gleo with the Btakes, ovidontly taking it for grantod that her triumph would be heartily partioipiited in-by overy: member of the household. It should be- added that, barring lier sporting . tastes,' the damsel is all that could be desired. as a'holp,'-- and it is pleasing to" know that hor.. patronage of the turf lias caused no interruption of her re lations with hor employer. Oil the contrary, it is understood that iu futuro that gentleman's 'stable' will' be regularly represented- at : the annual' raco meeting." : ; ; ; , ' In an article upon the openingof tlio Melbourne Museum uxid Picture Gallery oh Sundays, the South Australian (Register writes as follows —"From tlio' oxporierico in other places, rind in our colony among them,, it is hard to believe that any danger is to bo feared . from providing the working prioplo with rational means of en joyment on tlio Sunday. Wherever the plan has boon adopted, a quieter and more orderly Sabbath has beon tho result. In Sydney, for exumple, whero Sunday opening has recently been adopted it has beon found that during tho forty- nino' Sundays which' have elapsed 7466 persons have availed themselves of tho privilege of attending. So satisfactory has boon the re sult in overy partioulrir, that a few weeks ago the momborri of tho School :bf'Arts';iri"that city dc- oided by a largo majority toopen on Sunday, although it had before then been strenuously op- posed. Tho people v require n day of rest, in whiclj while there is aniblo timo for those who -.desire to do so tu attend religious services, there niay bp afforded an opportunity for some harm, less and innocont recreation. We are inclined to believe that after a month's fair trial the trustees will decide to open permanently on Sundays not only tho Library but tho Picture Gallery, and will thus bo extending a means of enjoyment to many, which will enable them to spend the day moro profitably than they can do if they are left to their own resources." A fall of earth took place on Saturday, in tho Belmont and Saxby mine, immediately north of the EUonborougli, Eaglehawk, by which six men narrowly escapod instantaneous death. Six miners were working iii the stppes at the 740ft. level, about 120ft to the south of the b haft, and in tlie same stratum of grpimd which -has been affected by water iu the . Ellonborough mine. The ground had been secured by sots of timber, about 4ft separating each set. The ground slipped away frotn the oast off the middlo leader, having a greasy side, aud in its fall crushed through two -sets and knocked two' or three others to the north. Tlio six men working in the stupes at tho timo hoard the ground giving way, but they all appeared to loose ' their pre sence of mind. Instead of trying to escape either north or south, whore thcro were ample moans they all ran to a small aperture which had been made to facilitate tho shooting of quartz into the lovol. Only One man: at a time could got through, aud meantime theground was surging overhead. Five of them had got through, and the last, an eldorly man named Leonard Duwsey, was in the act of following, when ono of his rnatus, named Blackson, realising Dowsey's imminent dauger, caught liim by the legs and pulled him . through.' Simultaneously with this act the mass of stono, estimated at from 40 to 60 tons, came through. the sots, covering the ground where the men had 'stood and completely block ing the aperture through which theyhud ofiected their escape. Had the men been two or threo minutes later they must inevitably have been killed; ' : ' At the second annual meeting of the. London Sanitary Protection.. Association' , Professor Huxley, (states tlio St. James Ggzelte) Baid, in the cburso of his o'poning address, lie" hail1 made a. very, great discovery, which lie, , would make a present of to tho members of the. association. He had: found,- in fact, that thore was a great body of extremely active and unpaid sanitary in spectors, to whom he wns sufficiently ungrateful to shy thrit ho should' bo- glad to hear of their im mediate extirpation'. These - sanitary inspectors were rats. He had had a curious example of their action in bis own house., Some time ago it had . been reported to him that there were rats in a partioular room in the basement. Rats bad no-place in' any London hourie. : The mouse one need not quarrel with, but rats meant mischief. The rata came froth' tlie -rats'- place, the sower, and if the rats could; come from the sewer, all other abominable', things could also get up; ! Ho had the floor of the room atonbe taken' up, and a very curious state of ' things had revealed it self. Whon;the house had been built a'particular drain of an unimportant characterhad been de signed to load out in ri certain direction. It 'had afterwards beon led in a-nothor direction. Tlie business of the builder and; of his 'workmen. na» turally should lmve been to close up the drain in the one; direction whioh had been finished, and to carry it out in another, way. That had beeii done with a degree of carelessness ,and neglect of common precaution which was absolutely ; crimi nal. - - The bricklriyors had not taken the. -trouble to shut'.up a small opening of the drain/: Fo'r l2 years there 'had been -in the house/ that con nexion between the sower, the drains/ arid the basement of the house which,' had- it' not' been for tlio rats, would have been impossible to have ' beon discovered, evenLy the most careful of in ters. '/ '.' ' ; ... ._ ' 