IIOW JUNE FOUND MA.SSA LINKUM. A Stoby ov tub Ciose of the Wak. Juxb laid down lier knives upon tlio scrub* bing-board, and stole softly out into the yard. Madamo Joilet was taking a nap up stairs, and, for a few minutes at least the consL seemed to be quite clear. June was a little girl who bad lived in Rich mond ever since she could remember, who bad never been outside the city boundaries, and who bad a vague idea that the North lay just abovo the Cbickahominy, and tlio Gulf of Mexico about a milo below the James. J*he could not tell A from Z, nor tho figure 1 from 40; and whenever Madamo Joilct made those funny little curves and dots and blots with pen and ink, in drawing up her bills to send in to tho lodgers up*Uirs, Juno considered that sho was moved thereto by witches. Her authority for this theory lay in a charming old woman across the way, who had one tooth, and woro a yellow cap, and used to tell her ghost stories sometimes in the evening. Somebody asked June once how old she was. "Spcct 1's a hundred—dunno,' she said, gravely. Kxactly how old she was nobody knew. She was not tall cnougli to be more than seven, but her face was like tho face of a little old womnn. Tt was a queer little face, with thick lips and low forehead, and great mournful eyes. There was something strange about tlicsi eyrs. Whenever they looked at one. they seemed to cry tight out, as if they had a voice. But no one in Richmond cared about that Nobody cared about Junaat all. When she was unhappy, no one asked what was the matter; when she was hungry, or cold, or frightened, Madame Joilet laughed at her, ar.d when plxo was sick, she brut her. If she broke a teacup, or spilled n mug of coffee, she had her ears boxed, or was shut tip in a terrible dark cellar, where the rats were as large us kittens. If she tried to sing a litt'c in her sorrowful, smothered way over her work, Madame Joilet shook her for making so much noise. When she stopped, she scolded her for being sulky. Nothing that she could do ever happened to be right; cvcrytliing was sure to be wrong. She hud not half enough to cat, nor half enough to wear. What was worse than that, sho had nobody to kiss her; nobody to love lier and pet her; nobody in all tho wide world to care whether she lived or died, except a half *starvcd kitten that lircd in the wood shed. For June was black, and n slave; and this Frenchwomen, Madame Joilet, was her mistress. Hungry was the kitten. Juno had named it so hcciuse it was black. Sho had; an idea that everything black was hungry,- in tho nature of things. That there had been a war, June had gatliorod from old Crelinc, who told hcrtheghoststories. What it was all about she did not know. Madame Joilct said some terrible giants, called Yankees, were coming down to cat up all tho little black girls in Richmond Creline eaid that the Yankees were the Messiah's people, and were coming to set tlio deg'ocs free. Who tho Messiah was, June did not know; b-.t she had beard vague legends from Crelinc of old-time African princes who lived in great free forests, and sailed on sparkling rircrs in boats of painted birk, and she thought that lie must be one of them Now, this morning, Crelino bad whispered mysteriously to June, as she went up the street to sell some eggs for Madame Joilct, that Mossa Linkum was coinirg that very day. June knew nothing about Massa Linkum, and no thing about thoso grand, immortal words of bis which had made every slave in Richmond froo; it had never entered Madame Joilet's plan that she should know. No one can tell, reasoned madamo, wlint notions the little nigger will get if she finds it out. She might even ask for wages, or take a notion to learn to read, or run away, or something. June saw no one ; she kept lier prudently in tho house. Tell her ? JVo«, won, impoxtifjle ! But June had heard the beautiful news this morning, l«kc all the rest; and June was glad, though she had not the slightest idea why. So, 1 while her mistress was safely asleep upstairs, she had stolen out to watch for the wonderful eight. be was standing there on tiprtoo on tho fence, in her little ragged drcse, with tho black kitten in her arms, when a great crowd turned a corner, and tossed up a cloud of dust, and swept up the street. There were armed soldiers witli glittering uniforms, and there were flags flying, and merry voices shouting, and. huzzns and blessings distinct upon tho air. There were long lines of dusky faces upturned nnd wet with happy tears. Thero were angry faces, too, scowling from windows and lurking in dark corners. It swept on, and it swept up, and Juno stood still and held her breath to look, and saw, in the midst of it nil, a tall man dressed in block. Ho had a thin, white face, sad-eyed, nnd kindly and quiet, nnd lie was bowing and .smiling to the people on either rido. 1 God brcss yer. Mossa Linkum, God bress yer!' shouted the happy voices; and then thero was a chorus of wild hurrahs, and June laughed outright for glee, and lifted up her thin littlo voice, and cried, 1 Bros yer, Massa Linkum 1' with the rest, and knew no more than the kitty what she did it for. The great man turned, and saw Juno stand ing alone in tho sunlight, the fresh wind blow ing her ragged dress, lier little black shoulders just reaching to the top of the fence, her wide open, mournful oyra and tho kitten squeezed in her arms. And lie looked right at her, oh, so kindly! and gave her a smile all to hcrsolf— one of his rare smiles, with u bit of a quiver in it—and bowed, and was gone. 'Take mo 'long wid yer, Massa Linkum, Massa Linkum !' culled poor June, faintly. But no one heard her; and tho crowd swept on, and June's voice broko into a cry, and the hot tears came, and she laid lier faco down on Hungry to hide them. You eco, in nil lier life no ono had ever looked so at poor Juno bofore. 'June, June, co.no hero!' called a share voice from tlm house. But Juno was Bobbins so hsird that slio did not hear. ' Tenet iei—tUe,-vile!' Juno! , VoUh' Tho little nigger will bo tbo doatli of mo. Blic tears my heart. Juno, vi(et I any!', ' Juno started, and jumped down' from tbo fence, and ran into tlio house with great friel.t onoil cyos. ■ b 11 just didn't mean to, noways, missus T want to see Massa Linkum, an' • lib look at mo I done forgot eberytbing. Ob, miBsus don1 beat mo dis yero lime, an' I'll neber—' But Madamo Joilet interrupted lier with a box on tho car, and dragged hor up stairs. Thcro was a tcrriblo look on Madamo's face. Just what happened up stairs, I havo not the heart to toll JOU. . ' • That night, June was crouched,'sobbing and bruised, and bleeding, behind tlfe kitchen s'tovo when Crolino camo in on an errand for her mistress. Madame Joilet was obliged to leave tho room for a' few moments, and tho two wero nlono together. June crawled out from behind the stove. : • ' '1 seo him—I see Massa Linknm, Creline.* ' Do Lord bress liirn forcbcr 'n' cber: Amen ■' exclaimed Creline, fervently, throwing up her old thin hands. Juno crept a little nearer, and looked all around tho room to seo if tho doors were shut. ' Creline, whit's ho done gono come down here fur ? Am lie de Messiah ?' ' Bress yer soul, chile 1 don' yor know better 'n dat ur 1' Ton' know nufiin,' said Juno sullenly. 'Nebcr knows nullm; 'spects I nevor's gwine to. Can' go out in the road to fine out • alia beat me. Can', ask nuflin—sho jest gib me a push down cellar. Oh, Creline, dcr's seek big rats down dar now— dar is I* ' Yer poor critter!' said: Creline, with great contempt for her ignorance. ' Why,. Massa Unburn, everybody knows 'bout lie! He's dono gono made wo free—whole heap on we.' 'Free 1' cohoed Junc with puzzled eyes. 'Daws, yes chilopoors like yers' drefful stupid. Yer don' b'long'— Creli-e lowered her voice to a mysterious whisper, and looked carefully at the closed door—Iyer.don' b'long to Missus Jolly no more dan. shq.b'iotig to you, an' dat'she trufe now,' caso Massa Linknm say so—Sod bress him!' . t >. • • 1 Just then Madame Joilet came back. 1 ' What's that you're talking about ?' slio said, sharply. , . . ' . • . •. . . ' June was jes' sayin' what a hoap1 sho link ob you, missus,' said Creline, with, a grave faco. ' ' June lay awako along limo that night think ing about Massa Linkum, and tbo wondcrlul news Creline bad brought, and wondering when Madame Joilet would tell her that she was free. ' ' But'many days passed, and Madan.o said nothing about it. Crelinc's son had left liis master and gone North:' Crclino hers If had asked and obtained scanty wages for her work. A little black hoy aoross tho street had been sentenced to rcceivo twenty-five lashes for somo trifling fault, and they bad jusbbegtin to beat him in the yard, wlien a Union officer slopped up and stopped them. A littlo girl, not a quarter of a milo away, whose name June bad often heard, had just found her father, olio had been sold away from her years ago, and had come into Btchmond with the funics soldiers. But nothing'had liappene 1 to June. Ilverytliiug went on as in the old days btforo Massa Linkum camo. Sho washed dishes, und scrubbed knives, end carried baskets of wood, so heavy that sho tottered under thoir weighty and was scolded if she dropped so much as a shaving on the floor; sho swept the rooms with a broom three times as tall as she was, and hod her cars boxed because slio "could not get tie dust up with such tiny hands. ' She worked and scrubbed, and ran on errands froin mom-, ing to night, till her feet aclied 'so that bIib cried out with the pain. She was whipped, and scolded, and threatened, and frightened, and shaken, just as she lmd bcon ever sinco^ she could remember. Sho was kept shut up like a prisonor in tho house, with Madamo Joilet s r.old gray eyes forever on her, nnd her sharp voice forever in her ear. And it 11 not a word was said about Massa Linkum and the beautiful freedom he had given to all such as little June, and not a word did June daro to fay. But Juno thought. Madame joilet eould not help that. If Madame had known just what June was thinking, she would have tried hard to help it. One night Creline was going. by. the house, when June called to her softly through the fence. 'Creline!' "What's do matter?' said Creline, who was in a great hurry. ' l'e gwino to fino Massa Linkum don yet tell nobody-' ' Laws a massy, what a young un dat archils is!' said Creline, thinking that Juno had jut waked up from a dream, and forthwith for getting all about her. Madame Joilet always locked Juno into her room, winch was nothing 'nt a closet wit _ window in it, and a licup of rags for a bed. this particuinr night slio turned tbo »ev _ usual, and then went to her own room a other end of the bouse, whore she was sood soundly aslocp. ■ About eleven o'clock, when all the house*" Btill, the window of Juno'a closet softly °P '; Tliero was a roofed doer-way just u.n , it, with an old grapo-vino trellisrunningupqao side of it. A little dark llguro stojiped ou timidly on tbo narrow, steep roof,,clinging. _ ile hands to keep its balance, and then upon the trellis, which it began to crawl to J clown. Tho old wood croakod and groaae trembled, and the little figure trembled stood still. If it should givo way and crashing to tbo ground 1 _ - Slio stood a minuto looking down; the0 ■ ? took a flow, careful step; then 1"n0,tll° ' on,, another, band under hand upon tlio bora. trellis creaked, and shook, ancl orackcd, hold on, and June held on, and dropped I0"V< „i„„ and terrified atiwIlst flll° lllld down. ef.P "e,:,tie i,0Bp on the grass below. d°2E' Ir thero a moment perfectly still. Sho i/nt catch hor breath at, first, and she, jould not catc _ , trembled so that she could not more. ; Then alio crept along on tiptoe to tlio wood ihtl She rnn 8 great risk in opening the, trocd-alred !loo!'< 'or ths binges wore rusty, and itcivaked with'a terrible rioiso.' Hut Hungry ■its in there. Sho could not go without Hungry- She went in, and called in a faint whisper. The kitten knew her, dark as it was, sud ran out from tlio wood-pile with a joyful uigw, to rnb itself agsinst her dress- • 'ffo's gwine to fine Massa Linkum, jou ""' I me bof two togeder,'said June. 'Pur! pur-r-rl' said Hungry, as if bIio were I quitecontent i and June took her up in her aims and laughed softly. How luippy they would be, sho and Hungry 1—and how Massa linkum would smile and wonder when lie s ,w I them coming in!—and how Madame Joilel j would hunt and seold ! It war Tory still and.very dirk.. The great trees stood up like giants against tho sky, and the wind howled hoarsely through them, pt made June think of tho bloodhounds that she had seen rushing with horrible yells to tho I swamps, where hunted slaves were hiding. 'I reckon 'lain't on'y little ways, Hungry,' rhe eatd, with a sliircr; ' we'll git dar 'fore long. Don' be 'fraid.' •Pur! pnr-rrl'.suid Hungry, nestling her head in warmly under June's arm. "Sped you lub me, Hungry—'specie you I And then June lnugliod out softly once more. What would Massa Linkum say to the kitty ? Hsd he ever seen such d kitty as that in all liis WSo she folded hor arms tightly over Hungry's soft for, and trudged away into tlio woods. She began to sing a little as sho walked, in that sorrowful, smothered way'that made Madame Joilet angry. Ah, that was all over now! There would" bo no more scolding and beating, no moro tire! days, no more tcrriblo nights spent in the dark and lonely cellar, no more going to bed without ber supper, and crying herself to ■ sleep.' Massa Linkum would never treat her eo. Sho never once' doubted, in that foolish little Trusting heart of hers, that he would be' glad to see hor, and Hungry too. Why should.she? Was thero any 0110 in all the world who liad, looked so at poor little Jane? So on nnd away, deep. intoTho woods and swamps, sho trudged cheerily • and she sang low to Hungry,"and Hungry purred to her." Ths night passed on and the stars grew pale, the woods deepened and thickened, the swamps were cold and wet, tho brambles scratched her j hands and feet. .1 1 It's jes'. ober hero little ways, Hungry '—J trying to laugh. ' We'll fine him purty soon. Is terrible tired an'—sleepy, Hungry.' She sst down then on aheap of leaves to rest, and laid her head down upon her arm, and Hungry mewed a little, and curled up in lier nech. The nert she knew the sun was shining. She jumped up frightened and puzzled, and then she remembered where sho was, and began to think of breakfast. But there were no lorries but the poisonous dog-wood, nnd nothing | elie to be seen but leaves, and gross, and bushes. Hungry snapped up a few grass hoppers,' and looked longingly at an unattainable squirrel, who was flying from tree top to trco- top ; then they went slowly on. About noon thoy 'came to a bit of a brook.' Jnno scooped tho water Tn her hands, and Hungry lapped it with her pink tongue. But there was no dinner to bo found,-and no sign oi hfsasa Linknm; tho sun was liko a great ball. nl fire above the tree-tops,-and- the child grew faint and weak. 'I didn't'spect it was so fur,' groaned poor June, ' Hut ,w »r a _-_ rr.._ I But don' ycr be 'fcard now Hungry. : frejslika.we 11 fine.him berry soon/ . ? 'went down, and the twilight came. I..-inning but the groat forest and the awamps \ JM the darkening shadows and the long \- l^gry night. Juno lay down onco moro on ' Lid wl'oro the poisonous snake: r- t. lb°,. ')lls'iea- "nfi hugged Hungrv with !. Mr weak little arms, and tried to speak out fine him, Hungrv, sure, to " Ti -1, ,]es °Pendo door an'lot us right . ho ivill; an he'll hab brenkras all ready an' *WtlQ. DGftM ItlfA IsaMl ~ .11 1. Ml *wtm, pcaralike he'll hab a dull ob milk up | «■ de corner for you now-link o'dat ar, | trial #£'i.a- a n the poor little voice that sab ip.'r ®, biavo broke down into u great iw* tt °.n.^ j°a' ono Httlo mouthful Mw,Hungryt^on'y one!' ramsa j {" n'B'>t passed, and another morning feLti»>nd blew from the east that dreirw? t !-n 0r0 noon 1,10 rain was falling, fret L °hl lj,and ,harP- It soaked Jt.nrP and ragged dm, „-d C*reia am* Pe^G(t in lier face, hlr "1,1. 1' ?Ramal 1,cr- aud Whirled about .. >and tossed her to and fro—sho was Bticli' a Jug t"°.tan wcaj-; no\v and faint. rt/and't?0 iaj'V from the leaden l4e.V-,v ., ¥"? boSan ,0 'hulk under tho rill ri'eenv twill" .Suth«r()d to their nests "one f.li LTi ' ? 10 lrlI>pod over n littlo Sh» i!..i. T t0 "'0 ground, and lav still. Sbo had not 11,7 °t 0,l!r)llnd' and '"J "'<»•' Hm, strength to get to hor foot ! ,fniL!°Shel^-n'ne f"1.t,noit,,('r troubled n r | Tether iV.r.".8 waicmnj i of tlio birds in tlio a iw-hln 'a-v.thoro with tier face upturned Kcnini,.n'.Ya,chi.n« !t Patter from leaf ""b, listening t n C,.Urp of lIlB 'lir<latho '■TedUrn sound m. Cr'?s°L1,10 wind- S1'° **• an0ot!l' dim motion that it ^ heard Crelinllm^'"1CI!ti"B h-T,lm "1!lt 9,,° laS.^,.t;™!"o aing somotnnes. flic never ldead»L em0rd'' but Ulc nmsic t oi, *ondrred if Afnssa Linkum I should like ti°r ?i' 'ie ]ook"i ,il' "• 10 it; and tl,,„ • bero a" night and listen j 00 »nfl find hil '° ™omi"K they would go taae very soon m 11,0 morning; it would M: Tli«'l^n^nTn,Cd'and 1,10 n'B,a canio cried out aloud » and tho' sliurp wind 'trued ht^fLl0!'!' ,!a'd Jnno, sleepily, and vor to hide it on tho kitton'* warm, Boft fur. 4 Geo1 nightj Hungry. We'll git dur to-morrer.. "VYe's mds'fcdar, Hungry.' Hungry curled up close to her cold, wet cheek —Hungry did not care how block it was—with a happy answering mow j but Juncsnid nothing more. •• -;r The rain fell faster, and the sham wind cried aloud. - The kitton woke fr.,m a nap, and purred for her to stir and speak! but June said nothing more. Still the rain fell, and the wind cried j and the brig night and tlio6t?rm and the clarkucsa passed, aud the morning came. Hungry stirred under June's arm, and licked her face, arid mewed piloously atlier ear. But June's arm lay still, and June Vaid no word. Komowhere, in a land wliere there was never slave and never mistress, where was no more hungry days and frightened nights, little Juno was laughing softly, and had found some one to love her at last And so she did not find Ma?sa l.inkum after all? Ah I—who would have gurssed it? To that place wbcro Juno had gone, where there are no masters and no slaves, h* had gone before her -Elizabeth SluaH I'helps, May, 18G3. 