Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XIX.- (Continued.) BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; Had Donal Grant's own dignity in the eyes of others been with him a matter of importance he would have left the castle the moment he had got his things together; but he thought much more of Davie, and much more of poor Eppie. What was to be done for her? There was little good to be expected from such a marriage; but was it likely the marriage would ever take place ? Was he at liberty to favour it any more than to oppose it ? He was in the castle in the pay of the lord of the castle—not as the friend of the cobbler or his granddaughter! It would be treacherous to deliver the message first given him and then withdrawn, so warning the fellow to steal a march on his father and marry the girl ere he could interfere. At the same time he had told the earl that he would remain in the castle in order partly to do what he could for Eppie. To break off the affair in any way would be equally satisfactory to Lord Morven! First of all he must see Andrew Comin again—the rather that he was anxious about him after the rough treatment he had received, which he more than snspected he had met in seeking to defend his friend. He hastened therefore to the town. But when he reached the bottom of the hill there at the gate was Forgue walking up and down as if waiting for some one—it might be himself, or it might be Eppie. He would have passed with a salutation, but Forgue stepped right in his way. " Mr. Grant/ he said, " it is well we should understand each other." "I think, my lord, if you do not yet under stand me it can scarcely be my fault I have taken some pains, both active and passive, to explain myself." fl Come, come! No jesting! The time is not suitable. What did my father say?" "I would deliver to your lordship a message which, at one part of our interview, he gave me for you, had I not two reasons against doing so—one that I believe he was not of the same mind at its close, and the other that I have made up my mind not to serve him or you in the matter so far even as to take a message between you." "Then you intend neither to meddle nor make ?" "That is my affair, my lord. I have not the intention of taking your lordship into my confidence." " Don't be unreasonable, now. Do get down off your high horse. Can t you understand a fellow? Everybody can't keep his temper as you do! Believe me, I mean the girl no harm.1' * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "Donal Grant" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company. Limited. "I will hold no further conversation with you. And I give you warning that whatever you insist on saying to me against my will I will use against you without the least scruple, should occasion offer, in the cause of Eppic or her friends." As he spoke he caught a look on Forgue's face, and perceived a change in his manner; and it struck him that it was not for him but for Eppie he had been waiting. He turned at once and went back towards the castle. If she were on her way to join Forgue he might meet her. Forgue called after him, but he did not heed him; as if he had forgotten some thing, he hastened back up the hill. But not so much as rustle of mouse or bird did he hear as he went. He lingered about the top of the road for half-an-hour, but no one appeared. He turned and went back to the gate, but no one was there or near it. It was of no use applying to Mrs. Brookes: except Bhe locked the girl up she could, not keep her if she was set on going; neither was he at all desirous she should remain. If she could not be restored to the care of her grandparents, there was nothing else to be done 1 Again he set out to go to Andrew Comin, and hold with him and his wife a consultation. He found the old woman in great distress; not merely was she sore troubled concerning the child—she was not so able aa her husband to think philosophically about the sad affair— but she nad his condition also to make her unhappy, for the poor man was suffering great pain—so much that the moment Donal saw him he went without a word to get medical aid. The doctor said there was a rib broken, got him to bed, bound him up, and sent him some medicine. All done that could be done, Donal sat down to watch beside him. He lay very still, with closed eyes and a white face. But so patient was he that the very pain seemed to find utterance in a kind of blind smile. Donal did not know much about pain; he could read in that look the devotion of the man to the will of Him whose being was his peace, but he did not know above what depths of suffering his faith lifted him, and held him hovering as it were in safety. For that faith brought him into contact with the life itself. It is not the faith that is the saving power, but the eternal life in whose arms it enables us to lie. Then in closest contact with the divine, the original relation restored, the source once more holding its issue, the divine love is pouring itself into the deepest vessel of the man's being, itself but a vessel for the holding of the diviner and divinest. If this be so, who can wonder if even in keenest pain a man should be able to •mile? There are few who have reached that point of health that they can laugh at disease, but are there none? Let no man say that because he cannot therefore no man can. The old woman, too, was very calm, only every now and then she would lift her hands and shake her head—and look as if the universe were going to pieces, because her old man lav there Broken by the hand of the ungodly. Ana, doubtless, if he had lain there forgotten, or the ill had befallen him because he was forgotten, then indeed the universe would have been going to pieces. When he coughed, and the pain was keenest, every pang seemed to go through her body to her heart Love is as lovely in the old as in the young—lovelier when in them, as often, more sympathetic and unselfish, that is, true. Donal could not leave her to the labour o watching the night long. He wrote to Mrs. Brookes, telling her he would not be home that night, but would be back to breakfast in the morning; and, having found a messenger at the inn, made his arrangements to watch through the night. It glided quietly over. Andrew slept a good deal, and seemed to be having pleasant visions. He was proving something of the yet unex plored meaning of the words, "Ye shall be saved." Sometimes his lips would move as if he were holding talk with friendly soul. Once Donal heard the murmured words, " Lord, I'm a' yer am;" and after that he noted that his sleep grew deeper; nor did he wake till the day began to dawn, when he asked for something to drink. Seeing Donal, and perceiving that he had been by nis bedside all the night, he thanked him with a smile and a little nod, which somehow served to bring to Donal's memory certain words Andrew had spoken on another occasion: §" There's ane. atf there's a'; an' the a' 'sane, an' the ane's a. When Donal reached the castle, he found his breakfast waiting him, and Mrs. Brookes, too, waiting to help him to it, and let him know something that had taken place, which also concerned his friends. Eppie, she said, had the night before come in from the garden, and meeting her in the passage had burst into tears; but she could get nothing oat of her, and had sent her to her room. This morning she had not come down at the proper time, and when Bhe sent after her did not come. Then she went up herself, and found her in a strange mood. She would explain nothing, only de clared herself determined to leave the castle that very day, and she was now packing her things to go; nor did Mrs. Brookes see any good in trying to prevent her. Work was worthless when the heart was out of it. Donal agreed with her, and said if only she would go home there was plenty for her to do there, for her grandfather was in bed with a broken rib, and very feverish; old people's bones were brittle, and not easy to mend! There would be plenty to do before they got him round again. Mrs. Brookes agreed it would be the best thing for her to go home, where she would be looked after by those who had a better right and a smaller house. The girl would never do at the castle, it was clear 1 For her part she would not keep her now if she were to beg to stay; it was evident some nonsense was yet sticking in her head that would breed her grief, and she would rather it did not arrive while she was under her charge! Donal asked if she could see that she went home. Mrs. Brookes said she would take her home herself, adding: "The bus is no an ill ane; she's but hitey titey, an dizna ken what she wad be at. She wants some o' the Lord's am discipleen, I'm thinkin'!" " An' that ye may be sure shoTl get, Mistress Brookes," said Donal. Managed by the housekeeper, Eppie readily yielded, and was even readier to go home to help her grandmother nurse her grandfather than she had expected. For the poor girl expected the whole thing would presently be known, and was in terror of Lord Morven, whom everybody in the castle feared—except Mrs. Brookes and Donal; it would have been difficult to say precisely why, or what shape the fear took; I think it came in part of their seeing him so seldom; he had come nearly to represent the ghost, said to issue from the invisible room and haunt the castle. It made it the easier for her to go home that her grand mother would be glad of her help, and that her grandfather, of whom she was more afraid, would not be able to say much to her. With all her faults she was an affectionate girl, and was concerned to hear of the state of her grandfather—the more that, if she did not know, she must have suspected something of how he had met with his accident —a thing she would feel more than she would resent; for the love of being loved is such a poor inspira tion that the greatest injustice from the dearest to the next dearest will by some natures be easily tolerated. In ourselves, Ood help us 1 we are a mean set— and meanest the man who is ablest to justify himself ! Mrs. Brookes having got ready a heavy basket of good things for Eppie to carry home to her grandmother, and I suspect having made it the heavier for the sake of punishing Eppie a little, set out presently to take her home, saying to herself : " The jaud wants a wheen harder wark nor I ha'e ever hauden til her han'! Her to be settin' up for company to the young lord! She's but a cart- horse, an' i' the shafts she's gang what I hae left o' the cawin' o' her!" But she was kindly received, and without a word of reproach, by her grandmother. The invalid smiled to her when she came near his bedside, and the poor girl turned away to con ceal the tears she could not repress. She loved her grandparents, and she loved the young lord, and she could not £et the two loves to dwell peaceably in her mind together—a com mon difficulty with our weak, easily-divided, hardly-united natures—frangible, friable, easily distorted, easily coming to pieces! It needs no less than God Himself, not only to unite us to one another, but to join up the ill-fitting roughly-broken portions of our individual natures. Tearfully but diligently Eppie set about the duties laid upon her—no worse than if she had belonged to the house all the time; and not only the heart but the bones and sinews of her grandmother were relieved by her presence and diligence. She was very gloomy, and wept not a little, but was never theless diligent, and doubtless found" some refuge from anxious thought in the service she rendered. What she saw as probable prospect for her future, I cannot say; Dut for the pre sent she was parted from ncr lover, in whose faithfulness her utmost confidence one hour was dashed by huge uncertainty the next. The faith of feeling will always be a thing of moods, whether its object be Ood or man. But her grandmother rejoiced over her as out of harm's way. [to be continued. 