CHAPTER XXII.-GAUTRAN FINDS A REFUGE. When John Vanbrugh found himself alone, he cried, "What, the devil I Tired of my company already ! That is a fine compliment to pay to a gentleman of my breeding. Gautran ! Gautran l" He listened. No answer came. "A capital disappearance,' rhe continued;"in its way, dramatic. The scene, the time, all agreeing. It does not please me. Do you hear me, Gautran," he shouted, "it does not please me. I am not used to be treated in this cavalier style. If [ were not tied to this spot in the execution of a most important mis sion, I would after you, my friend, and teach you better manners. He drank my brandy, too, the ungrateful rogue. A waste of good liquor-a sheer waste. You got no more, friend, without paying its equivalent." Vanbrugh indulged in this soliloquy without allowing his wrath to interfere with his watch ; not for a single moment did he shift his gaze from the windows of the Advocate's study. "Now, what induced him," he continued after a pause, "to spirit himself away so mys teriously 1 From tfio violent fancy he expressed for my company I regarded him as a fixture ; one would have supposed he intended to stick to me like a limpet to a rock. Suddenly, without rhyme or rea son, and just as the convorsation was getting interesting, he takes French leave, and makes himself scarce. I hope he has not left his ghost behind him-the ghost of pretty Madeline. Not likelyf though. When a partnership such as that is en tered into-devilish unpleasant and incon venient it must be-it is not dissolved so easily. Perhaps he was spirited away wanted, after the fashion of our dear Lothario, Don Giovanni. There was no blue fire about, however, and I smelt no brimstone. No, he disappeared of his own prompting; it will repay thinking over. He said his phantom-oven my holy pre sence could not keep her from him. He murdered her- not a doubt of it-and the Advocate has proved his innocence. Were it not a tragedy I should feel disposed to laugh. We woere speaking of the Advo cate when he darted off. But you cannot escape me, Gautran ; we shall meet again. An acquaintanceship so happily com monced must not be allowed to drop-nor shall it, while it suits my purpose. At length, John Vanbrugh, you are learning to be wise. You allowed yourself to be fleeced, sucked dry, and being thrown upon the rocks, stripped of fortune and the means to woo it, you strove to live as knaves live-upon the folly of othersllike yourself. But you were a poor hand at the trade. You were never cut out for a knave, and you pulled through a succes sion of reverses, so infernally hard as almost to break an honest man's heart. It is all over now. I see the sun. Bright days are before you, John-tihe old days over again; but you will spend your money more prudently, my lad ; no squandering ; exact its value ; be wise, bold, determined, and you shall not go down with sorrow to the grave. Edward, my old friend, if I had the liquor I would drink to you. As it is--." As it was he wafted a mocking kiss towards the House of White Shadows, and patiently continued his watch. Meanwhile Gautran had not been idle. Upon quitting Vanbrugh the direction ihe took was from the House of White Shadows. Vanbrugh had observed this, and was not aware that it was done to deceive him. For when Gautran was at safe distance from Vanbrugh, out of sight and hearing, lhe paused, and deliberately set his face towards the villa. He skirted the hill occupied byVanbrugl,ac its base, and walking with great caution, pausing frequently to assure himself that he was alone and was not being followed, arrived at the gates of the villa. He tried the gates; they were locked. Could lihe climb over them I He would have risked the danger - they were set with sharp spikes-had ihe not known that it would take some time, and feared that some person passing along the high road might detect him. He made his way to the back of the villa, and carefully examined the walls. His eyes wore accustomed to darkness, and lihe could vo pretty clearly; it was a long time before he discovered a means of ingress afforded by an old elm which grow within a few yards of the wall, and the far-spreading branches of which stretched over the grounds. He climbed the tree and crept like a cat along the stoutest brnich he could find. It bent beneath his weight as he hung suspended from it. It was afall of twenty foot, but oe risked it. He unloosed his hands and dropped to the earth. He was shaken but not bruised. His purpose, th,,s far, was accomplished. He was within the grounds of the villa. All was quiet. When he recovered from the shock of his fall, he steppod warily towards the hotsoe. Now and then he was startled and alarmed at the shadows of the trees which moved athwart his path, but lie mastered these terrors and crept on and on, till bhe hoard the soft sound of a clock striking the hour. He paused, as the Advocate had done, and counted the strokes-midnight. When the sound had quite died away he stepped forward, and saw the lights in the study windows. Was anybody there ? He guessed sharply enough that if the room was occupied, it could be by no other .poran than the Advocate. Well, it was the Advocate he came to see; he had no design of robbery in his mind. He stealthily approached a window, and blessed his good fortune to find that it was partly open. He peered into the study; it was empty. loe climbed the sill and dropped softly into the room. What agrand apartment; what costly pictures and vases; what an array of books and papers! Beautiful objects met his eyes whichever way he turned. There was the Advocate's chair-there the table at which he wrote. The Advocate had loft the room for awhile (this was Gau tran's correct surmise) and intended to return. The lamps fully turned up were proof of this. He looked at the papers on the table. Could ho have read he would have seen that many of them bore his own name. On a monster sideboard there wore bottles filled with liquor, and glasses. He drank three or four glasses rapidly, and then, coiling himself up in a corner of the room, in a fow moments was fast asleep. (To be continuedl.) 