THE RESUSCITATE IRISHMAN, A Galway gentleman was went to tell the following humorous story 'of unexpected resuscitation :-" That many people are buried alive, is beyond a doubt. I know n instance that I will relate to you, which I may any happened in my own establishment, for our huntsman, Jack Burke, was the sub. ject of it. Jack had a dangerous illness-a fever, I think it was-and, to all appearance, died. He was duly coffined, and as duly waked; and such a wake and funeral were never remembered in Galway ; for Jack was a universal favorite, a character and a wag, and crowds came from far and near to the burying. The bewailing cries were so loud as the procession moved along the road, that they could be heard a mile off; and by the time they reached the churchyard, all were hoarse with crying. It is the custom in these parts to carry the coffin three times round the church, after which it is laid by the side of the open grave. All present ink upon their knees in prayer, the men rever. ently uncovering. The immediate relatives of the deceased close round the remains, and for some minutes there is total silence. The contrast between this death.like hush and the loud cry of the funeral wail is striking, and the appearance of the motionless, kneel ing crowd very impressive. "On the present occasion, the path round the church was rough and stoney, and the ground uneven with graves; so that poor Jack, while being carried his three rounds, was sadly jolted an his coffin. "' A rousing lea? we had to take, surely, when we came to Tom Grady's tombstone,' said one of the bearers afterwards ' Enough to wake the dead, it was. We couldn't put our feet upon the new, clean grave, and the dacent man not a week inside; so there was nothing else but to hop it.' " Whether or not consciousness was jolted into Jack by this 'hop,' is uncertain; but certain it is that the dead silence customary after laying down the coffin was broken, not by the usual smothered sobs, but by vehement thumpings at the lid! It was quickly opened, and Jack sat up. After staring round with an air of comical bewilder. ment upon his astonished friends, a great coat was thrown over his gravecloths, and he was helped up on a jaunting-car, and in this plight driven home. "The old woman who had been left behind to keep the house when all went to the funeral, and who was telling her beads over the kitchen fire, was nearly frightened out of her senses at the apparition. There was some difficulty in persuading her that it was Jack himself, and not his ghost, she saw. "Meantime, Jack had drained a bowlof milk that was on thedresser, and now looked wildly about. ." 'Is it wanting anything ye are, my poor fellow?' said his friends. 'Lie down, non', and compose yerself. A drop of spirits, with a bit of nourishment and a stretch on the bed, will do ye good, after that start yo got, finding yourself-God nave us !-in the coffin. There now, be aisy,' do ! "'The saints be good to usn' whimpered the old woman; 'his mind is gone-gone with the fright. Masther, darlint, what ail ye! Is it the hunger, the long fast that's putting ye astray ? Sit down, for the lore of the blessed Vargin, andlil' fry you a share of bacon, and mix a tumble of punch in halt a second, to rise your poor heart and put life into you. Do now, avic l' "'Arrah, will you get ou of my way, and laveme alone,' cried Jack.l 'It's my stic I'm looking for-myatick,J-a-my-wile, bad luck to her I when she comes home. And if I don't give her such a lamhstin' as never mortal woman got before, my name isn't Jack Burke, that's all !-Look here i he ex. claimed, plucking at his shirt-which had seen better days-while he panted with race and weakness. 'Six brand-new shirts, whole and sound as the day they left the weaver without tear or rent, patch. or darn-I left behind me; and look at the rais she dresses up my poor carcase in making a fool of me in the coffin when I'm dead and gone, and bringing me to shame before the neighbors and the country. Ah ! the stingy one ! to grudge the dacent linen to the boy that owned her ! Only let me catch a hold io her, and see if I don't make her four bcnen amart for it!' " With much difficulty, poor Jack's wrath was calmed, and he was got to bed by his friends, Mrs. Jack in the meantime wisely keeping out of the way. He never forgove her the ragged shirt-to him, the feature in the affair. " To ' make an appearance' at their burial is the ambition of the lower order of Irish. They willnudergo privationsooner than pawo or wear the sacred under-garment laid up to ' dress the corpse in.' Thus it was that the indignity to his remains was so paramount in Jack's mind, that ever after is completely set in the background his narrow escape iron the dreadful fate of being buried alive." Chambers' ,urnal. 