EXTRACTS. THOUGHT READING AND OTHER PHENOMENA [CHAMBER'S JOURNAL] Most, if not all of us have from time to time been spell bound at the recital of a ghost story. Sometimes the shadowy thing has confronted the belatcd traveller at mid- night on some unfrequented road ; sometimes the ghost has been encountered in his legiti- mate outdoor haunt, the churchyard; but more frequently the so-called apparition has been made acquaintance within the oak pan- elled chamber of some old baronial mansion. On various occasions we have related ghost stories in these pages which, unex- plained, might have impressed our readers With the idea that we or the narrators were believers in what, in this connection, is termed the supernatural. But this is not so. We prefer, indeed, rather to relegate even the most extraordinary occurrences to the laws, more or less occult, which govern every- thing that transpires in the world. In the olden time, we confess to have been staggered at many of the tales told to us by nurse or maiden aunt ; and we confess to a weird sensation still, whenever we hear of some unusual occurrence the reason of which is shrouded in mystery. The sensation however, if permitted to grow with one's life, cannot be called a healthy one, and ought to be reasoned with and calmed down into pleasurable reassur- ance by every means at our disposal. Con- front the mystery, and ask the 'why' and the 'wherefore.' Why let the " ghost" come and pass, without an effort to "lay" it? In connection with tho derangement of the brain, we have in former articles shown how the sufferer may see all sorts of things and imagine all sorts of things ; and we have striven to indicate the immediate and necessary connection that exists between the brain and all our actions. The whole subject is invested with a weird kind of interest because it is not as yet altoge- ther understood. We are as yet only approaching certain branches of the occult science, if we may so term it, which relates to the "night- side of nature; " and though some of the skeins have been unravelled, there yet remain others which it is for further advances of Philosophy to deal with. Without minutely into the records of so-called spiritualism, clairvoyance and such like subjects of inquiry and experiment, it is easy to see that a vast amount of trickery and fraud has been connected with them, toge- ther with an easy credulity and folly on the part of a certain section of the public. The result of these disclosures has been that those departments of inquiry have been well-nigh forsaken by many earnest and devoted searchers after truth. A not unnatural reaction has set in and many scientific men of the highest standing have not been slow to condemn wholesale results derived from systems and practices which could give rise to such scan- dals. The general public, also — though as a rule it is too readily duped— does not care individually to submit to that process on an average more than once ; and those who have been discovered in deception are fain to shift their quarters frequently, in order to secure a fresh audience and the accompanying harvcst of gain. It will be apparent however, on considera- tion, both to scientists and to less highly trained but intelligent readers, that this cus- tom of rejecting as incredible all unexplained and apparently inexplicable occurrences may be carried too far and may result in a possible loss in the amount of our acquired knowledge. To condemn en bloc all results, however authenticated by observa- tion and experiment, unless they square exactly with our present scientific knowledge of the laws that govern phenomena, is eviden- tly to regard the results of scientific research search in thr present day as conclusive and final — a finality which is daily negatived by fresh discoveries. At the same time, such phenomena as are set forth professedly with the view of modifying or correcting old or current opinions regarding the spiritual or psychical side of our nature, must be presented so to speak, in broad daylight, without trickery or suspicious manoeuvring of any kind — must indeed rest on a basis of well authenticated and unimpeachable evidence. The nature of the evidence hitherto advanced has, as a rule, repelled inquiry on the part of honest seekers, for these have felt that at any moment they might discover themselves to have been the dupes and playthings of artful and designing impostors. In this state of matters it is of interest to learn that a movement is now afoot for the investigation of phenomena, psychical, mes- meric and spiritualistic by men of scientific ability and standing. The inquirers are not formally pledged to any theories regarding the phenomena to be investigated. It is inten- ded that those who are sceptical should unite with those who are firm believers in the phenomena in question ; and that their researches should be conducted with an unbiased view to their explanation by evidence and personal observations ; and to gather from these collated facts, thus estab- lished and confirmed, conclusions — if any— which may be warranted in regard to them and to ascertain whether any practical results can be deduced therefrom. " The Society for Psychical Research," as this new organisation is called, has its work before it; and already— constituted in February, 1882 — the outline of its operations is before the public in the shape of the Proceedings of the Society, published in London by Messrs. Trub- ner. The pamphlet contains an opening address by the president, Mr. Henry Sidgwick and papers by Professor Balfour Stewart and Barratt. The following is a list of the subjects entrusted to special committees : — " (1 ) An examination of the nature and extent of any influence which may be exerted by one mind upon another, apart from any generally recognised mode of perception. (2) The study of hypnotism and the forms of so-called mesmeric trance, with its alleged insensibility to pain ; clairvoyance and other allied phenomena; (3) A critical revision of Reichenbach's researches with certain organisations called 'sensitive' and an inquiry whether such organisations possess any power of perception beyond a highly exalted sensibility of the recognised sensory organs. (4) A careful investigation of any reports, resting on strong testimony, regard- ing apparitions at the moment of death or otherwise ; or regarding disturbances in houses reputed to be haunted. (5) An inquiry into the various physical pheno- mena commonly called spiritualistic, with an attempt to discover their causes and general laws. (6) The collection and collation of existing materials bearing on the history of these subjects." This is comprehensive enough ; and — with the instinctive reservation that, per- sonally, we would rather not serve on the " Committee on Apparitions and Haunted Houses " — we think the pro- gramme embraces many interesting lines of inquiry. Mr. Sidgwick's presidential address is candid and thoughtful in tone ; and in the course of it, referring to what the members have most to guard against — namely, fraud — he said : "I think that even educated and scientific spiritualists were not quite prepared for the amount of fraud which has recently come to light, nor for the obstinacy with which the mediums against whom fraud has been proved have been afterwards defended and have in fact been able to go on with what I may, without offence, call their trade, after ex- posure no less than before.' With such experi- ence in the past, the members will require to exercise special caution, as the very promin- ence of the society as a body will be a tempta- tion to a certain class of impostors to exercise their perverted ingenuity upon it. The Proceedings embrace among other things a conjoint report on " thought reading, " submitted by W. F. Barrett, Professor of Physics in the Royal College of Science for Ireland ; Edmund Gurney, M.A. late, Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge and F. W. H. Myers, M.A. late, Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge. The report is one on which we would not wish to express a hasty opinion ; we can only remark that it will afford some interesting reading to those de- sirous of investigating the subject. Professor Balfour Stewart, of Owens College, Manchester, in commenting on the report, says that the facts therein narrated have been put in such a manner, that " the only possible way of disputing the evidence is by hinting at the un-trustworthiness of those gentlemen who have given it and consequently their efforts must be regarded as successful." This is an honest statement of the Professor's opinion, but is a conclusion which we hope is not to be taken as significant of the quality of reasoning power that this young Society is to develop. Because we believe that the reporters are trustworthy, we are not necessarily to accept their facts as in- disputable. We may not disbelieve their word ; but we may doubt the accuracy of their im- pressions. They may be far from wishing to deceive us ; but they may be themselves de- ceived. Thought-reading— known also by the name of "will impression" — is not wholly a new thing. The evidence printed in this report is briefly speaking, an instalment of evidence towards an answer to the question with which it commences : "Is there, or is there not, any existing or attainable evidence that can stand fair physiological criticism, to support a belief that a vivid impression or a distinct idea in one mind can be communi- cated to another mind without the interven- ing help of the recognised organs of sensation ? And if such evidence be found, is the impres- sion derived from a rare or partially developed and, hitherto unrecognised sensory organ, or has the mental percept been evoked without any antecedent sense-percept ?" The reporters class their experiments, car- ried over several years, as follows — also in their own words : (1) Where some action is per- formed, the hands of the operator being in gentle contact with the subject of the experi- ment. (2) Where a similar result is obtained with the hands not in contact. (3) Where a number, name, word or card has been guessed and expressed in speech or writing, without contact and apparently without the possibility of the transmission of the idea by the ordinary channels of sensation. (4) Where similar thoughts have simultaneously occurred, or impressions have been made in minds far apart. The first division corresponds to " the willing-game " described by Dr. Carpenter, who apparently does not believe in any further ex- tension of thought reading. "Several per- sons," says Carpenter, "being assembled, one of them leaves the room, and during his absence some object is hidden. On the absentee's re- entrance two persons who know the hiding place stand, one on each side of him, and establish some personal contact with him, one method being to place one finger on the shoulder, while another is to place a hand on his body. He walks about the room be- tween tho two 'willers,' and generally succ- eeds before long in finding the hidden object, being led towards it, as careful observation and experiment have fully proved, by the in- voluntary muscular action of his unconscious guides, one or the other of them pressing more heavily when the object is on his side, and the finder as involuntarily turning towards that side." The experiments which follow in the report were made under the inspection of Professor Barrett, Air. Gurney and Mr. Myers. The majority of the trials published in this report were conducted in the family of a clergyman, whose five girls, ages ranging from 10 to 16, were in the habit of carrying out along with him such experiments in the family circle. It would be beyond our space to thoroughly follow tho course of investigation pursued by the committee. Suffice it to say that the re- sults in the way of accurate guessing (No. 3), as observed and carefully noted at the time, are curious. In most trials cards were em- ployed ; in others, letters of the alphabet, numbers and also fictitious names— all agreed upon silently by the company, and deter- mined by the guesser on his or her return from an adjoining room. These trials throughout were without contact, and no remarks passed between the company and the guesser. The results of these trials are various. In the hiding of articles, the guesser, when re- admitted to the room, was right in one case out of four. In giving the names of familiar objects thought upon, the trial was successful in six cases out of 14 ; in the choosing of a card out of a pack, six cases out of 13 ; in holding small objects in the hand, five cases out of six ; and the names of per- sons thought of or written down were given correctly in five cases out of 10. We cannot help noticing in this connection that in the cases of names not correctly guessed, the " thought reader" had the initials very often accurate, but the rest of the name wrong. " Jacob Williams," for instance, was given as "Jacob Wild ;" " Emily Walker," as " Enry Walker ; " " Martha Billings," as " Martha Biggis ;" " Catherine Smith," as "Catherine Shand;" "Amy Frogmore," as " Amy Freemore ;" " Albert Snelgrove," as " Albert Singrore ;" and so on. Without, of- coarse, wishing to impute anything improper, we may say that this strikes us as, to say the least of it, a curious coincidence, and suggests the possibility of some lip movement taking place unconsciously amongst those witnessing, or even on the part of those making the experiments. Why not blindfold the guesser? And why should the object or name be known to the company generally? Thought-reading experiments, however, form only one section of the society's operations. Among others, we may mention the investi- gation of those numerous instances in which premonitions of accidents and fatalities, simul- taneous impressions on minds at a distance from each other, we have been apparently fulfilled in a very startling manner. It should be mentioned that the society freely invites accounts of such occurrences, properly vouched for, and observes privacy in regard to them when so requested. It further intimates that letters relating to particular classes of pho- nomena should be addressed to the hon. secretaries of the respective committees, as follows : — (1) Committee on thought-reading ; Hon. Sec. Professor W. S. Barrett, 18 Belgrave square, Monkstown, Dublin (2) Committee on Mesmerism ; Hon. Sec. Dr. Wyld, 12 Great Cumberland-place, London, W. (3) Committee on Reichenbach's Experiments : Hon. Sec. Mr. Walter H. Collin, Junior Athenaeum Club, London, W. (4) Committee on Apparitions, Haunted Houses, & c: Hon. Sec., Mr. Hensleigh Wedgwood, 31 Queen Ann-street, London, W. (5) Committee on Physical Phenomona: Hon. Sec., Dr. C. Lock- hart Robertson, Haman-chambers, 76 Jermyn Street, S.W. (6) Literary Committee: Hon. Secs., Mr. Edmund Gurnoy, 26 Montpelier square, S.W. ; Mr. Frederick W. H. Myers, Leckhampton, Cambridge. Looking at the objects of the Society for Psychical Research as a whole, we think it deserves encouragement from candid thinkers. Should imposture, or attempt at imposture, be detected, a good purpose will have been served in the interests of society. Should no verifi- able results attend its labors— and we suppose the Society is prepared for this possibility — the question under consideration will remain as they were. Should facts, however, of un- disputed and indisputable reality remain, it is possible that out of them the groundwork of an advance in our scientific knowledge may be constructed. In every way the end is good. The chief defect of the society as an or- ganisation for research is, in our opinion, that it savors too much of one that has been pri- marily self-elected, though anyone apparently may now join the society who is willing to pay the annual subscription. Had such a body as the Royal Society, for instance, selected a score or so of scientists and philosophers —and even professed conjurers, experienced in the detection of fraud, and themselves able to do even more than "spiritualists" — to make these investigations, we do not say it would have produced a committee more earnest minded and upright than the present, but we might have had one more heterogeneous in | opinion and less likely to work in a groove. 