OUR GERMAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Berlin, March 9, 1883. Few events of consequence have happened during the last month, but among the few the death of Richard Wagner, the great com-<*> poser, which took place at Venice on Feb- ruary 13, stands foremost, the excitement caused by this sad occurrence throughout Germany, but more especially in the musical world, having only just calmed down a little. Wagner's death was a very heavy bereavement to musicians of every race and degree, for although the peculiar style of his music called forth a deal of antagonism, for years making those who took part in the great Wagner controversy almost enemies, still this strangely gifted man, in spite of the most bitter opposition, bravely worked out the task he had set himself, and fought with all that unyielding energy, which was he characteristic trait of his nature, for that which he held as his most sacred duty. Kven as a child he could not brook the slightest control, and arrived at manhood he ' horoughly despised it. Born at Deipsic on the 22nd of May, ISI3, Richard Wagner very early shoved that peculiar uncontrollable trait in his character which defied all manage* ment, and in his studies, bat more especially in the art of music, made very unsatisfactory progress. Instead of practising scales and other useful exercises, he would for hours hammer away at overtures and symphonies in a most abominable style, causing his masters at last to give him up as hopeless. His genius had, however, to find vent, and this it did in a ridiculous attempt at an original poetic production, a tragedy, which Wagner himself has since criticised most unmerci fully. Forty-two persons were killed or some how done away with during the earlier acts, and not having enough living characters for the last act the youthful poet was obliged to let them reappear as ghosts. Not very long after he had written this piece the impressionable young genius becamc'aci^uaintcd with some of Bcethovcn"d works, and this was the turning point in his life.; for, witnessing a perform ance of that master's music to Goethe's "Egmont," Wagner resolved to write a aimi lar accompaniment to his tragedy, a very bald undertaking, seeing that he had yet to acquire the first rudiments of musical art. But even here his strong will and indomitable courage overcame all obstacles. Hiving mastered the first difficulties of theo retical studies in counterpoint and thorough bass, the young muvciau'd interest was aroused by the many problems he encountered, and although he could not quietly and with patient application settle down to a lengthy course of study, still he laid a good foundation which served him well when his spirit grew more calm and refined. But Beethoven was the guiding star through these first years of struggle, and the young student was passion ately enthusiastic about the old master'j works. Wagner had now -acquired some theoretical knowledge of music, but he had still to experience many bitter disappoint ments before his genius was recognised. Being pressed by want he accepted thereafter ship of a small operatic troupe in Magdeburg; but this narrow sphere for his actions soon wearied him, and giving up his post he travelled about from one northern German city to another for four years, pursuing bis studies, and making a bare living by playing in the orchestra of the opera houses of Konigsberg, Dresden, and Riga. In the summer of IS3) he embarked in a sailing vessel bound for London, on his way to Paris. During a stormy Channel passage Wagner's imagina -1 ion was deeply struck with the wonders and terrors of the deep; and to this are owing seme of the effects subsequently introduced into the most melodious of his earlier operas, ?*Der Fliegecder Hollander." Arriving in Paris about September of the same year, with very sanguine hopes and expectations, Wagcer was destined to bear latter disap pointments ; for all attempts to obtain pub licity for his works were frustrated, and to save himself from actual starvation he had to go through many stages of musical slavery, such as arranging tunes for popnlar operas for different instruments. In spite of these drawbacks, however, he com pleted his first grand opera—"Biena"—which be had partly written- during his sojourn in Riga, and wrote the whole of the "Flying Dutchman." With his "Rienzi" Wagner may be said to have concluded the first pirt of his career, for in this opera can still be traced an ardent wish for outward success and notoriety, while in "The Flying Dutch man" he has disregarded everything which might be traced back to the forms of the French school or opera, making this work the immediate effusion of his poetic genius; and from this new stage of development Wagner's power and fame Bpring. In the meantime his worldly prospects had also brightened, his "Rienzi" being accepted for performance at Dresden; and in 1842 Wagner left Paris for th-2 former city to prepare hi3 work for the stage. The first repre sentation was a brilliant success, and the composer was engaged as director of the Royal Opera at Dresden. But the restleS3 spirit of the musician must be always active, and having daring bis stay in Paris heard the legend of "Tannhauser," he, in 1544, brought out a new opera under that title which took all Germany by storm, and ex emplifying as it did the chief innovations in musical "fcfm, manner, and treatment'' which have since been identified- with his name, opened the celebrated Wagner con troversy. Bat during the stormy period of IS4B, Wagner's fiery temperament and his uncontrollable passions, coupled with his free-thinking opinions, compelled him to quit his fatherland and take refuge in Switzerland, settling down at Zurich, where he wrote his "Lohengrin" (1552), having accepted the post of leader of the orchestra of the theatre there, as well as the conductor-ship of the Musical Society of Zurich. But in spite of his various duties, his fertile genius prompted him <O write and compose the famous trilogy, "NibelnDgen," and the opera " Tristan and Isolde," a work upon which he set greater value than upon any of his other composi tiens. In 1565 Richard Wagner went to London to undertake the direction of the Philharmonic Society Concerts, but bis style of conducting gave rise to great difference j of opinion in musical circles. Being in the meantime called to Munich by the art- loving King Louis of Bavaria, Wagner was enabled to bring out his chef dCceuvre, the "Meister- Boenger of Nuremberg," with a completeness ot mite en teene probably never before wit nessed upon any operatic stage. Bat it was in 1879 that Wagner's indomitable energy was rewarded by a triumph, such as no composer in the history of music had previously won. This colossal trilogy, **Der King des Kibe lungen," was brought out at Bayreath in the presence of a unique assemblage of musicians and literary savans from all puts of the world, and nothing was wanting to make the production a brilliant success. Meanwhile Wagner had been working at another opera, "Parsifal,'' a musical poem only lately produced at his theatre at Bay. reuth, and which proved a great triumph for the composer. It cannot be said that the death of Richard Wagner was unexpected On the contrary, the great musician only went to Venice on account of his health, knowing that he was suffering from heari disease, [and he was so sure that hii death was near that he often spoke about it. Wagner was buried at Bay reuth, behind his villa Wanfriede, in a splendid mausoleum, planned by his ova band. From all parts of Europe deputation! came to the funeral, and among those stand ing round the coffin were some of the leading men of the musical world, as well a* other well-known personages. The laurel and other wreaths deposited around the coffin were in numerable, but the only one that was lowered into the vault was the wreath sent by Wagner's royal friend and admirer. King Louis of Bavaria. ? On the 27th of February the postponed festivities of the eflver wedding of the Crown Prince and Princess began with a levee at the Eoyal Palace, and on the next night the long-talked-of grand cos tome ball took place. A scene more bril liant or more artistic than that presented at the Schlon in the " Weisse SuT on this occasion can hardly be conceived. All the beauty and high birth of the German Im perial Court was represented, augmented by numerous august visitors from various other countries. At 9 o'clock, to the strains of the ?* Wedding march," from Midsummer Night's Dream, the Crown Prince aud Piincesi entered the " White Saloon," and passing hrough the crowd of guests, took their seats under a throne upon a raised platform. The Crown Prince looked very imposing in his white Pomeranian Cuirassier uniform, with the iGrand Cross of the Bath, lately conferred upon him by Her Majesty Queen Victoria. The Crown Princess never looked better than she did this evening, clad in a magnificent robe of white a diamond coronet sparkling over her brow, and a wide riband across her shoulders, into which were woven the colors of the eight orders of which she is the possessor. Following their Imperial High nesses, and taking their seats to the left and the right of the Crown Prince and Princes, were the Queen of Saxony with the Emperor, the Duchess of Edinburgh with the Prince of Wales, the Dnchess of Anhalt with the Duke of Anbalt, while on the otherside were seated the King of Saxony with the Grand Duchess of Baden, Prince Rudolph of Austria with the Duchess of Flanders, and the other guests, according to their rank. What was felt very much was the absence of the Empres? Augusta, but on account of her very delicate sUte of health, her medical ad visers thought it safer to prescribe total rest and quiet, fearingthattheexcitingscenesof the cveningmightbe too fatiguingforHer Majesty. The principal feature of the evening's fOte was a " minnczug," or troubadour procession of love, and when a flourish of trumpets sounded, fourteen handsomely-dressed heralds marched slowly to the strains of majestic music into the hall, forming the avant couriers of the " zug." Drawing up in a row before the throne upon a given signal the handsome young son of Baron von Hiilscn stepped towards the Crown Prince and Princess, and recited a short poem especially composed for the occasion by Herr von Wildenbruch, in which the "Minnezug" was described as coming to the wedding of the Crotvn Princely pair to take part in the festivities. The music then again struck up, and there inarched in a crowd so brilliant that the eyes of the spectator were almost dazzled. These noble knights and lovely ladies were characters in the magnificent dress of the middle ages. The period repre sented by these gay figures was the time of Frederic ILL, ruler of the Holy Roman empire of the Germanic nation, and his Con sort Eleonore of Portugal, the impersonators of the personages named being the Grand Duke of Baden, and one of the most lovely women of the Imperial Family, Princess Frederick Charles. Immediately after them* came the Archduke ltfurinniHun and hid bride, Marj* of Burgundy (Prince and Princess Albrecht of Prussia), with the bridesmaids attending the latter (Princess of Hesse and Schleswig Holstein), and as guests in their numerous and brilliant train Elector Joachine and other well-known personages of that period. It was at this time that the German bands of tronbadors, called "Min nesaenger," were most popnlar, andjtke idea in this historical procession was that these old German minstrels, headed by their queen, had come to be present at the silver wedding of the future Empress of Germany. This part of the programme was most picturesque and charming. Princess William, who repre sented the Queen of Love, looked perfectly lovely as seated in a kind of |car her trouba dours and attendant mjiMpng bore her into the saal, placing her immediately before the throne. Then flocking round her and hedg ing her round with flower-tipped poles, inter twined with garlands of flowers which con nected them all together, the whale assembly gaily tripped through the Minne dance—a very intricate but highly picturesque movement. After the minstrels had left came the next procession, which was to represent the English during the time of Good Q.ucsn Bess. About 100 splendidly-attired characters en tered the room, most of whom had been chosen from the English colony at the court: of Berlin. It was a most picturesque scene, and one which kept up the interest of the spectator till the last of the Elizabethan pageant had disappeared. Following this came a splendid spectacle, Prince and Prin cess of Kavarre, with their daughters and a glittering retinue of nobles, pages, and other officials, the French Ambassadress in Berlin, Baroness de Coureel, a lovely woman, taking the leading character. Wben this gorgeous train had left Lady Ampshell with Prince William entered the hall, with sixteen couples also dressed in Elizabethan drees, who danced an English quadrille to some quaint music, which wa? specially arranged for the occasion from an old manuscript found at Windsor Castle, aud which tradition says was composed by Queen Elizabeth herself. The quadrille was excel lently danced, and showed nnHring practice and rehearsal. Among the youthful dancers could be seen Princess Victoria, the daughter of the Crown Prince and Princess, who appeared to enter into the masquerade witii all her heart. This old English quadrille was followed by a German dance of equal in terest, and then came the representative pro cession of Berlin artists, the close of the whole being formed by Princess William as the Queen of Love, who, descending from ber floral car, presented the Crown Princess with a magnificent and costly gift as a scuvenir of the festive occasion. The Crown Princess was greatly moved, and on the whole it may be said that although the Court of Berlin has often witnessed brilliant and imposing festivals and celebrations, still the silver wedding of the Crown Prince and Princess, and this festival devised and carried out with so much success and magnificence in their honor, has been rarely or never paral leled. It may be interesting to your readers to know that the subscriptions raised through out Germany fcr the purpose of handing to the Crown Prince and Princess a sum of money, which should be devoted to charitable purposes and institutions, according to their own wish, as a fitting memento of their silver wedding day, have resulted in the nice figure of 820,000 marks, which was presented by a deputation of twenty gentlemen, Prince Batibor at their head, to their Imperial Highnesses on the 16th ultimo. 