JOURNALISM EXTRAORDINARY* Tbe Newcastle " Morning Herald and Miners' Advocate " is deeidedly in advance of the time; In connection with the proceedings at the opening of tbe railway to Armidale, that enterprising purveyor of news must be credited with having outstripped all rivals. ..Ordinary journals are content to plod along and record events as they occur, hut onr contemporary of tbe coaly city is not an'ordinary journal. It sees into Ihe fotttre' .with a.prtfccianee 'wortby of an Isaiab or a Tom Walker, and boldly chronicles events a couple of days before tbev occur.-; In Wednesday's issue of the "Herald aud Avoeate" is to be fouud a circumstantial account—" By electric telegraph, from our own reporter "—of tbe opening of tbe railway line to Arraidale, such took place on tbe Thursday. The M Herald and Advocate's" "own reporter" describes tbe whole affair very much as it eame off two days after his account was written. Tbe demonstration, be tells bis readers, came off "in the presence of an immense crowd of persons who came into-town from tbe ssrroondine districts in hundreds.'. Then be goes on to tell of the "old Stagers " wbo come oo tbe seem " prepared tor any emergency," of the thousands who arrived from Maitland and Newcastle, of the delightful weather, 'of tbe Ministerial train drawing up and tbe local band striking np an H inspiriting'"' air r of the presentation of addresses, and the appropriate replies, and m.uch more information of an equally invigorating "aud reliable character, Altogether, tbe " Herald' and Advocate's" Armidale achievement marks a sew departure in journalistic enterprise, patting into the'shade even tbe recent feat of a Sydney chronicler of events in giving a report 'ol a lecture- tbat was never delivered. We have beard it snggested, as an explanation of tbe phenomenal report in onr Newcastle contemporary, that the report was simply written in anticipation, and intended for insertion on tbe Friday, but tbat tbe printer forgot bis instructions and let it appear two days rn advance. We don't ^believe this. It all came about tbrongb tbe "Herald and Advocate having a colonial Archibald Forbes on,ks literary staff. , TBB LJCEHSIKO Ace.—lit his periodical report the Inspector-General of Police thus refers to tbe working-of the licensing Act r—Mr. Fosbery gives figures to show tbat the decrease rn offences was a9 follows:—Drunk and drank and disorderly, £107; riotous behaviour, 882; obscene and indecent language, 293; assaults, common and on police, 73; total decrease, 38GT. These re suits prove tbe benefits aeenriug from tbe acf. Some amendments are, however, certainly called for. " Pelicans," the report says,," who determined to break tbe taw, take even-greater precanttons to evade detection, the. result being that tbe sale of liquors on Sundays is extensively carried on, which could only be eheeked by the employment of poliee in plain clothes, or other persons specially engaged for the purpose, "Objectionable as such a course nndonbtedly is the alternative would be tbat the provisions of the Act in this respect would become a dead letter." Some check to tbis violation of tbe law micht be applied by giving power to licensing eoSrts to cancel or refuse renewal of a license when it shall be shown that the house is ill-conducted and tbe Act evaded. 124 samples of liquor retailed have been forwarded to tbe government analytical chemist during tbe past ten months for analysis. Mr. Walts reports, though they prove that much of the liquor mid is af bad quality—some entirely made-np articles, many samples with traces of deleterious ingredients, some of strength very far below proof—show there has not been one sample examined which contained any ingredient injurious to health, nich as would constitute tbe sale of it a subject for prosecution witbin the terms of the Act. Out of tbe 1333 eoronial inquiries which were held, in 197 instances tbe cause of death was intemperance, which directly or indirectly led to fatal results. A GHOST STOBT.—A very circumstantial ghost story is disturbing tbe . mind of New York. Tbe editor of tbe New York World vouches for the good^ faith of his informant—a professional man of high repute. The house in which the manifestations occur iB a new one, and is let out in flats. Tbe following areafew occurrences aa told by an eye-wtness who went sceptical, but soon found that something more than ordinary was up. First of all, there was much knocfein at tbe front door. It was Watched, open ani_ closed, before and behind but the knocking still came, always in four strokes, sonnding like blows struck with billeta of wood. Then came bell-ringing* in all parts of the house. Tappings were beard on the glass of tbe windows; the coats of the boarders fell down from tbe hat-raek each falling a yard apart. Tbe plush cover of _ round tabU standing in the hall gracefully floated on to the floor. A clothes-prop was hurled over Uie top of a portiere; the walking-sticks standing in the ball were flong up in different directions, and before the scared residents bad recovered, t leaf from an oak dining-table was burled through tbe hall for 20 feet, striking the wall and coming to the ground with a fearful crash. Another table took a aeries of somersaults, Such violent goings-on had aucll. a bad «ffect upon some of tbe family that they,began to think of retiring, when a frightful shriek echoed throughout the whole dwelling,"piercing,-end evidently coming from . no human throat followed by "soft insinuating" whistles. In the evening "it "tried a few notes in arpeggio, and waa successful in keeping time and tune with the piano. The tone of the whistle was sometimes 'that of '-a fog-horn; at other times sounding like tbe "blowing in the neck of a bottle." All this is ^aid to ben " plain, truthful statement of facts." substantiated by five witnesses. Bevies of policemen have searchedjn vain, and a curious English detective has been baffled. . WHILST the employees of one of ihe large cotton factories of Bombay were engaged tt work, an alarm of fire-was raised,.and, in their endeavoura to escape,- no less than 23 ; women were crashed or trampled to death; SO.^sthers are mot* or less seriously injured. b 