CHAPTER hX. I . Behold 1 where fliieclnf a* Im daye nf yore) Wbea Ooar de Lian trod tte Millan ehots Brilelu'a end (lallls'e eulgns aide by tide. Oh 1 utey no ft/ter ri raj cy 41ride That atrcBBih whloh breaks th* npiitweaora Iron awonl Beck en the dolerl drive* lila Cu<aaclc birnie ; Bide adelice flortab ; berbarleu Qa-e : I lieu rea «rl'a ¡irogreea, »od Hie rrUni "f poaoa. Pnuai mr. AoTuiiu'n Mena* DIHIIC. Whon Houri ile la Tour arrived at the tent of the French Marshal, ho found that distinguished officer Heated nt a table covered with maps and papera, dictating; tn an aido-de-camp who was writing near him. * ' In a few moment»,' soid St. Arnaud, jointing to a case which had not been vet unpacked, 'and I am nt your service.' His visitor took tho scat thus jiointcd ont to him for tho only two chairs in thu tent were occupied by the speaker and his secretary-and whilst tho illus- trious soldier concluded thc dictation nf his despatclt, he hail ample time to observo the man whoso name has since booome immortalised in thu annals of tho army of France by the glorious victory of. Alma. in person, Marshal St. Arnaud was not much above the ordinary height, but being extromoly thin, ap- peared tiller than he really was. Although not regularly handsome, IIÍB countenance, even nt first sight, seldom failed to produce a favourable Impres- sion, especially in thoedniiiers of Vandyke, to whose portrait it boro u decided resemblance, not so much, perhaps,' in feature, as expression ; thero was tho same deep sot thoughtful eye. und the paleness of complexion which contrasts so well with tho dark |»inted beard and moustache ; whilst tho forehead was equally broad and massive ; in a word, ho was ono of tboso men on whom Nature had not only be- stowed great energy of purpose, decision, and powers of endurance, but set her seal, that tho world might read the character af him she had so gifted. In England, had such a mun entered the army us a simplo soldier, ho might possibly havo risen to tho rank of sergeant-major, lioon considered rather an intelligent sort of person by his officers, and dis- charged from the service, after tho best yunis of his life had been passed in it, upon two shillings und a penny a day pension. But having the good fortune to be born u Frcnohmsn, ho died in tho position his genius anil courage so well entitled him to fill Marshal of Franco, bequeathing a namo both to his country and to his children. Could tho present raco of Englishmen read tho judgment which posterity will pronounou upon their weakness, when the corruption and nepotism whioh degrade our civil and military administrations have passed away, how earnestly would thoy swell the cry which even now is making itself heard, of talent in the right place ; or courage, service, and capability, liefere money, birth, and mediocrity qualities whioh now usurp tho place of unrewarded merit. England resembles in her supineness a sloeping giant ; she is unconscious of her Btrcngth, Lately, however, Bhc has given faint signs of shaking off the lethargy of ages; and the deputed minister of corrup- tion-parasites whioh piny upon lier very vitals huton to pour between her lips a soporofio com- pounded of empty promises and sweet words ; at every convulsion of her limbs they whisper in hor ear that it is not yet day, and lull her to sloop again. Terrible to them will he tho hour when she unseals her eyes and wake at last. 'I wish to hear from your own lips,' said the marshal, os soon as the aide-de- camp bad finlshod the despatch and quitted tho tent, - the history of your adventures, which, from the rumours that have already reached me, aro no lom extraordinary than honourable. First,' he added, regarding him fixedly, ' is it to tho son of tho late Count de la Tour that I havo tho honour of addressing myself Î" ' His only son,' answered Henri respectfully. 1 Of tho Bourgoyno ?' * Tho only family of that name in the province.' A smile of satisfaction lit for un instant tho pale features of St. Arnaud : he felt as n proud and grate- ful mon naturally feels when an opportunity is given him of paying a long remembered debt of gratitude. ' Proceed,' he said. Tho young Frenchman proceeded to relate, as briofiy as possible, tho motives of his journoy to St. Petersburg, the reception and adventures ho mot with there ; his oxile in Siberia, the meeting with his grandfather, the old soldier's death, and his own escape. Tho modesty with which he passed over his own dovotion and sufferings confirmed tho good opinion which his hearer had already entertained of him. When he related tho inoitlent of Colonel de la Tour having preserved tho cross of tho logion of honour from being profaned by tho . enemies of Franco, the Marshal booamo greatly excited ; it was one nf those heroic notions calculated tn impress an enthusiastic, generous mind. 1 It is a heritage,' he exclaimed, 1 yeti may well bo pioud of. By heaven I I would rather be descended from such a man than have been horn heir to the noblest name of Franco. You have presorved it V he added. 'Am I not living?' replied Henri with a slight blush ; for thc question painod him. ' Right,' said the soldier.' who had won his rank on many a hard fought field ; ' I am answorod as I de- served ;-os I could have wished,' he added, after a pause, ' to he answered by the son of hint to whom I owe more than my lifo, my name and honor'; how can I servo yon ? If it is your wish to return to France, say tho wold, and the means are at your disposal.' * ' Yon fotgot, Marshal, that I nm a Frcnohman, Marshal St. Arnnud smiled again. ' And in the presenoo of tho cnomy of our country, A sword is nil I ask, and permission to serve in tho army as a volunteer.' ' Granted,' replied tho noble-minded man, delighted at tho frankness of his speech. ' Tho very words I wonld hnvo suggested could I have dictated your answer. Fear not that the opportunity of distin- guishing yourself shall be wanting. Doubtless,' added the speaker, 'yon aro aware of tho circum- stances which causa mo to tako so great an interest in your favour 7' , Henri hesitated. 1 Am I not understood V 'Perfectly,' replied tho yoting man, rocovoring from his momentary embarrassment. 'I am aware,' ho continued, with firmness, 'of the circum- stances in which my father had tho happiness, of rendering a service to ono of tho noblest* soldiers of .Franco.' '?"...; ' A flatterer,' nbsorvod the marshal ; have I boen deceived in you J' ' Truth is not flattery,' said Henri ; ' your career proclaims that yon merit the title. How else could a poor-' Ho hesitated, fearing that his feelings had oarried him too far. ,,'Proceed.' 'Pardon me, I-' . ' I, then,' resumed St. Arnaud, 1 must finish the sentence for yon ; how «Iso could a poor unfriendly ador have risen to the rank of Marshal of Franco, Yon arc right ; thora was moro weakness, perhaps, in my refusal of tho compliment than flattery in your bestowing iL Yes,' he continued, with a flush of Erido, ' thc man who has risen from tho ranks to the ¡ghost grado in the armies of his country need not suspect those of flattery who call him great,' . ' Right,' said Honrl, pleased that he was no longer suspected of n meanness his soul abhorred, 'tho blason won upon thc field shames tho heralds' vanities.' ' But must not render him who boars it,' observed . St, Arnaud, ' unmindful of tho generous mun ? to whom he owes his fortune. I hiul been insulted in a circle to which I hod been introduced. Ho who out- raged me waa a noble, and when I demanded satis- faction, replied by the word ' actor I' Actor was cast in my teeth as a brand of shame. I found my- self dishonoured without thc means of wiping out the stain. In my raga, my despair, I meditated I know not what act of folly, when your father-your noble gênerons father-braving the prejudice of caste, the sneers of his equals, came to my assist- ance. Bj aka advice, I entered the army ; once en- titled to waar the nnlform of France, he consented to act aa my friend. The coward who had availed , himself of his nobility to retase satisfaction to the I actor, could not decline meeting the soldier. Hie was the first blood that erei dyed my sword,' he j added, ' and the Count de la Toar was my seconds. 1 ' The result baa done honour to yon both,' observed Henri. ' Hore,' continued the narrator. ' he became my friead, assisted me with his eonnsol in my studies, urged me to exertion, cheered me by approval. Judge, young man. how I mast feel tn that Provi- dence which now gives me an opportunity of paying my debt of gratitude to his son. He extended his hand and warmly shook that of his visitor ns he concluded. Improbable t we think we hear nome of our readers exclaim. Unlikely t another most probably will add. To such are can only reply that it is trae ; the late commander of the French army in the east really hod been an actor, and quitted the stage ander cir- cumstances somewhat similar to those we have descrilied, and we feel only too happy to record the fact so honourable to a profession, at which it is too much the fashion to sneer. When the prejudiced and bigotted reproach the stage with having produced the infamous Herliert, tho unmanly accuser of the unfortunate Maria An tionetto at tho har of the National Convention, let them remember.-in justice remember, that it also gate to France Marshal St. Arnaud. Before tho termination of the interview, the gal lnnt soldier on tho representation of Henri, sent for Julian, whom he attached to his staff a« interpieter. ' Stay,' ho said, ns the two friends were about to quit the tent ; I havu a request to make.' Henri turned back with a look of surprise. ' Let mo behold thc cross," continued the speaker, ' so nobly won, so sacredly preserved.' Tho young Frenchman drew it from bis breast, nnd placed it in tho hand of the Marshal, who raised it respectfully to his lins. ' Will you entrust me with it,' he said. ' For a few dnys.'' ho added, seeing that his visitor hesitated ; ' after our first battle I trust I shall be enabled to re- store it.' Tho look which accompanied the request, caused tho heart nf Houri do la Tour to best with emotion, for ho perfectly comprehended tho hope, almost the words which thu wonts conveyod.' 'If living.! will claim it,'he answered energeti- cally ; if dead-' . It shall lie buried with you,' said St. Arnaud, ' and my own hand shnll plnon it on your breast. Go,' ho added, ' and rememlier that the eye of your fathor is watching over you.' ' That man hss a soul,' observed the Pole to his compniiion, ns they passed from the tent of tho Marshal, ' stumped with the seal of the divinity in witness of its greatness ; there ls a nobility of thought in every word ho utters. 1 wonld stake my lifo,' ho udded, ' nay, more my honour, on his faith.' His friend felt too happy, too grateful, at the re- ception tho illustrious Marshal hod given him not to feel equally prepossessed in his fnvonr. Few over pos- sessed th nt soldier-like frankness of manner whioh wins nil hearts lu a moro eminent degreo than St. Arnaud. From tho Frenoh lines the spoakors mode their way to the English encampment. Both wcro pain- fully -surprised nt the confusion whioh prevniled ¡ tho men lind olHcors equally unprovided with tents, the former cooking their food. in the open air in the first contrivance that carno to hand, and, lot us add; bearing their privations with a gaiety and courage whioh nothing.could damp. After milking numberless enquiries they sucoeedod in finding tho division of Goneral Tawn, and tho regiment in whioh, in an ill-fated hour, Charles Vavasseur and Jauk Curlin had entered, - - ' Oh, Master Charley,' exolalmed tho latter, ns ho recognised Henri and Julian, who were thoroughly well olad, ' tho French have behaved helter to our countrymen than ours have to ns,' Our boro rose from the trnnk of a tree on whioh he had been sitting for tho lost two hours waiting for his now uniform, and forolng a sinilu advanced to moot thom. 'You nra unhappy,' said the Pole in a tone of interest, ' something has occurred to-' . Nothing 1 Nothing 1' interrupted Charles, whoso pride revolted at tho humiliation of a complaint. ' Nothing V repeated Jack,1 why have they treated us worso than dogs ; that old ruffian, the general, protended not to bellovo that we were Englishmen ; told us that wo must earn our bread, that he would have no idlers in his quarters, so Master Charley and I have listed,' ' Silence Jack,' said hts innstor. ' I can't bo silent.' replied the h,onest Ind. ' Siberia was bad enough, but this is worse. There, if we were badly treated, it was by thom rascally Roo shinns. To bo sure we shall have a ohanco of pay- ing thora off now ; but to be used in this fashion by our own natterai born countrymen, I can t bear it. And that's nat all,' he added ; ' Master Charloy's greatest cnoiny-his cousin Cuthbert, is an otficor in tho regiment in which, like a oouple of fools, we listed-listed for brood, and even in that they oheated ns, for they have oi.ly glvon ns a hurd biscuit.' ' Is Cuthbert Vavuesenr really in your regiment ?' ' First Lieutenant,' replied our hero. ' Has ho recognised you ?' ' Did hatred ever fail to recognise its viotim ? But thia despondency is unworthy of any manhood. 'Tis past. The momentary revulsion of feeling and pride is subdued, I am calm now, and prepared for any- thing that may occur.' ' Is it not possible,' exclaimed Henri, ' to deliver you from this falso position ? I have found not only a frlond but a protector in Marshal St. Arnaud. Think you hia intercession ' No, answered Charles Vavassour,- firmly. ' Tho bnttlo will, bo a difficult one, bnt I must fight it ont alone. I will not givo my enemy the right to doubt my eourago. It wonld be oowardioe to retraot. Besides, I owe something to my name and country.' ' Bight,' said the Pole, approvingly. ' I owe it nought,' muttered Jack, unless it be three years and a half hurd thrashing at the Parish School. Hore tho conversation waa broken off by one of the Sorgoants oalling on tho two reoruits to receive their olothing, with which they rotirod behind a clump of furs, nnd in a faw minutes reappeared, each in tho uniform of his regiment. By tliis time several French officers had joined Henri and Julian, who presented them to Jack and his mentor. \- Tho group wore engaged in an animated conversa- tion whan they were suddenly startled by a harsh Voice calling out, 1 Now, you fallows, what aro- you doing hero ?' They turned and recognised in the speaker Cuth- bert vavasseur. . , 1 It is an enemy,' whispered the Polo, who notiood tho flush of indignation which in an instant over- spread tho countenance of Charles. ' Didn't you Hoar,' added tho young, ruffian, with a grin. .'Yes.' . 'Touch your cap, sir. Is that the way you roply to an officer V His cousin mechanically raised his hand to his head... Although his heart was swelling with out- raged pride, he resolved to push endurance to the limit of human forbearance. ' Humph-ha 1' continued tho tormentor. ' How long have yon been in the regiment ?' 'A few hours only'. ' Touch your oap again.' Charlas olieyod. Cuthbert-grinned with delight which a vulgar soul experiences nt having it in his power to inflict a pang on tho man he hated. There is no knowing how far his outrages might have been carried if Colonel Morely, the commander of the regiment, hod not at thia moment rode up, attended by his adjutant and several office». He was a soldier of tho old eohool, had bean trained in the Peninsular war-a severo disciplinarian, but a man of honour and kind feeling. Hu had heard something of our hero from General Tawn, whose manner of relating it had not impressed him too much in his favour. "' Aro these the new reoruits V ho asked. Jack and his master both sainted him respectfully. ' They tell me you aro an Englishman,' he added. 41 om nn Englishman,' answored Charlea firmly. ' Your name 'Charles Vavasseur.' Tho Colonel looked at Cuthbert, whose counten- ance remained unmoved. ' Vavasseur,' he repeated. Tho nama is an unusual one for a private soldier.' ' The circumstances whioh made a private soldier,' said the yoting man, ' are equally unusual.' He was about to relate his" exile and escape from Siberia, when the colonol stopped him. ' I have heard that talo before,' he said, ' from General Tawn. Scarcely a fellow enlists bnt has some romautio improbable story to relate. I am too old a soldier to listen to auoh follies.' ' Bat not listen to the truth, colonel,' said Henri de' la Tour, who could no longer retrain his indignation at the treatment he saw his friend endure. ' I accompanied that gentleman from England, arrived with' him ac St. Petersburgb-»hand hit exile and escape fran Sihetia. and vouch for the correctness of every word he ha« uttered. ?And whom have I the honour of addressing/' demanded Money, somewhat surprised at the tone and language of the speaker. ' My cousin, Count Henri de la Tour,' said the chief dc battalion ; 4 a voluntes» ia the army of France.' 'It is impossible,' observed the colonel, saluting thc officer of Chasseurs, ' to doubt after such an asser- tion.' 'And bis name is Vavassenr. exclaimed Jock,' 'and that's his cousin.' pointing to Cuthbert,.' whose old regne of a father robbed him of his estate. He would murder him if he dared, to make it secure.' ' Insolent 1' exclaimed the lieutenant. ' He be thee oonsin,' repeated the lad. 1 Haven't I heard ye call him ' Dear Charley ' a hundred times I They were friends enough with him, till he thrashed 'ee in the stables, when, like a beaten cur, thee turned tail, and ran away. It would make a stone speak to hear the loikes of thee order him to touch his cap to thee !' * Silence.' said his master. * Kcs, Master Churiey. I will, if thee bids me.' At the allusion to Cuthbert's want nf courage a scarcely perceptible smile curled the lips of severnl of thc English officers and it was evident that tho .pinion which Colonel Morley hod formed of his new recruits was considerably shaken. ' Is this-this person,' he said, addressing the lieu- tenant,' ' really your cousin ?' 'Au illegitimate one,' replied the young ruffian, with a sneer. * Liar I'exclaimed Charles, bursting with indigna» tion ; ' but for thu uniform 1 wear, the slavery to which I have sold myself for bread, I would rend your heart out for that false ungenerous word. Colonel Morley,' ho added, I appeal to yon, not ns a gentleman, fur you may dispute my claim to the title, hut un » man ; you can't deny mo that name. Place me, I entrent of you. in a different troop from the one in which that slanderer holds command. There is a limit to human patience, but I were indeed a degraded wretch could I listen unmoved to an assertion which blands my mother's memory with the name of harlot. It wus for the sume Ile,' ha added. ' uttered on a former occasion, that I boat him like a hound.' Although the old soldier felt exceedingly shooked at hearing language which he considered as utterly subservient of all flisoiplinc. still in his secret heart ho could not help approving of tho fooling which gave rise to it. 1 Young man.' ho said. ' it is a fortunato circum- stance for you that yon havo only joined the Borvico a few hours, else I should scarcely reconcile it with my duty to look over your intemperate expressions, which-however, let it bo a caution for the future ; you and yotir companion are both attached to Captain ? Craven's troop. Do your duty,' he added, ' and I will seo that Lieutenant Vavasseur docs not forget his.' ' So saying ho touched his hat to the group of French officers, who had been spectators of tho scene, and rodo away. ' Cold, but just,' observed Julian, thoughtfully !1 if you do not find a friend, Charles, you will never meet with an enemy in Colonel Mordy.' V*V«. 'Would to heavens!' exolnimed Henri do hv Tour, grasping the hnud of his friend, 'that you had bean a Frenchman,' ! . " " 'j ' , ' In that casu,' added his cousin, ' tho difference between yon would have been settled long ' since ; hut you English aro so philosophical. I daresay, now, you would not like to have tho blood of that young ruffian on your conscience,' ' Not unless in self-defence.' , ,.' 1 Bah I' observed a young officer of engineers, fresh from tho Ecolo de St. Oyi, it would not give mea mo- ment's uneasiness.' , ' I trust, guntloinon,' said our hero, slightly piqued at tho remark,' that you do not doubt my courage.' All present eagerly nssured him that, so for from such being the case, they hold it in the highest esti- mation, ' ' It ÍB tho noblest courage of all, Charles^ added Julian, in his usual grave ton«-' the courage ot endurance ; tho quality whioh elevates man above all other creatures.' ' Before separating. Henri insisted upon his friend sharing with him tho supply which his cousin hod amply provided him with, «nd the officers who ac- companied him invited him to viBit their quarters whenever he could find timo. ? You forget,' snid our hero, glancing nt his uniform, that I am a private soldier.' 1 Aud what has that to do with it V exclaimed tho Frenchmen ;.1 wo havo all been private soldiers. There is no purchasing rank iii our army ¡ it must be won. A Marshal of France,' they added, ' would not feel dishonoured hy sitting nt the samo table with tho worsted epaulette, which, at tho outset of his career, hehad worn himself.' 'And bring Jack with you,' said tho ohefdc battalion, who had boon delighted with the account his cousin had given him of the poor lad's fidelity to his young master, and endurance of danger ; 1 ho shall have a soldier's welcome.' To the honest fellow's astonishment «nd delight, tho officers on taking thoir leave, all insisted npon shaking hands with him. and Henri took ocoaslon to> whisper in his car. that if any further annoyance was offered by Cuthbert to his friend, ho should lek him know it. Jack replied by au intelligent wink, and tho old friends separated. 1 He be in the right,' he muttered, nt tltoy disap- peared. . . ' ' Who is right )'inquired Charles.' : '' 1 'Master Henri, when he wished theo ivor a French- man,' answered the groom. ' I am sum I wish I wor one. barring tho lingo, which is as had as thc Roo shian j poor critters, they do seem a mighty sensible sort of folk.' 'No, he is not right,' exclaimed our hero, 'for, with all its faults England is the oradlo of the free, tho niter of liberty, the admiration of the world. Tho evils you complain of resemble tho ivy, which, hns twined itself round the portico of somo fair templo ; it hides tho proportions and beauty, of tho columns, without destroying their solidity.' ' Blaybe you are right, replied Juok, philosphioally, for, after all, I shall never feel comfortable till I get there. I have had quite enough of travelling In furrin' parts.' By way of expressing his conviction ho bogan humming tho well-known words, ' Rulo Britannia Britannia rules the waves.' A sergeant in his regiment, who evidently had neither music nor poetry in his soul, called to hint with nn oath to leave oft* howling, and fall in. 4 For Britons,' added Jack, with a sly look at his master, . never, novor Shall he slaves.' Charles Vavassenr could not refrain from a smile ; ho felt the foroe of tho epigram-felt it keenly. (TO BB CONTINUED). The Queensland Ministry only ngrco to land-grant railways in the abstract now. Bristol's Sarsaparilla readies tho primary poison at its source and expels it from the system ; heneo it in that this powerful yet harmless vegetable detergent in preferred to every other preparation of its ula9s as a remedy for scrofula and other oxternal maladies. To carry off through tho bowols tho poison set free by tho action of thc Sarsaparilla, Bristol's Vegetable Sugar- coated Pills aro the best laxative.-Anv. No remedy ovot had so extensive a field of trial ami test as Bristol's Sarsaparilla, and no remedy has ever given such satisfactory results. In cvory section of the world it has effected cures of tho most extraordi- nary kind, restoring to sound health thosa who hail lost all hope.-ADV. TINNED MEATS.-A question has been raised of deep importance to the Australian tinncd-mcat trade. Suspioion has been thrown by experts and scientifio folk upon the wholesomeness of fond which has been kept too long in tho tins, It is alleged that after a year or two the meat or vegetable, or whatevor tho preserved compound moy be, absorbs a certain portion of the metal casing, and this is based upon the report of a chemist, who having discovered that part of tho tinning of one of them had disappeared, analysed tho contents and found the presence of tin in large quan- tities. Tin taken into the human system is simply poison neither moro nor less. Hence experiments ore being mode to find out some other material in whioh to put up the preserved food. It has also boon sug- gested that cornent instead of solder should bo em- ployed for sealing up the cans. Another, and perhaps the most practicable suggestion, is to protect the public from thc consumption of any articles whioh have been long in tbo tin, by obliging manufacturers to put the date of packing upon each case. This might be evaded, no doubt, by forged labels, but tho first- class merchants would hardly descend to this. Besides, sufficiently heavy penalties might be pre- scribed to deal with all cases where thc fraud has been detected. The matter is well worth tho consi- deration of Australian manufacturers. Tinned or canned meat is growing in publia esteem, but its salo might easily be checked if not ruined by the spread of injurious reports ss to ita fitness fer human food. 