TJIE POSXMAN'S STOEY. "As I watrsayingj it was 'Valentino's day,' 1872\. My routo was from ' Seventh- to Twelfth on Spruce' streot. Tho loealitywas n: good deal more fashionable then than now, and como very high-toned folks lived thoro. Wo won't mention no names nor nivn no numbors„but tho particular young lady I'm -goiiig.to tollyou about lived just abovo Tonth atrcot.1 T had a pretty big load' and was not in' tho best of tompor with my work, but When a beautiful young lady opened the dqorhor- self in lior eagerness to get tho largo ohvelope ' which was; addressed' to Her, 'and smUbdhor- thanks nt'mo. I felt a different man, Nor did' I' fool tho wbrso''aftor tho hot blip of "boffto: jwhioh it sorvaht had ready forme, as inscrubtcd; by tho' young lady,- for it 'ivas- a;bltter raw' moniing and tho bullet -pound in: tho shoulder, . i which I got at tho second battlo 'of Bull Iluh, ' :was , twitching, very. bad. Now a. postman can't help noticing his fetters a bit! . ' Every body Imcr.'t got a lotter bbx'to; drop'tein in—! :of course, I am 'referring to routes of privato housc-dnd yori aro often kopt waiting d'hdlf 'minute or boint tho door. Tho thihgo .'I've ' 'read on 'postal cards aro a caution I can tell ypu. A postman lcarns a' good , deal accident ; tally 'about othorpeoplo'o affairs-bat to coino ' baqk to, tho young lady. - . , . ' . -"ito'ok bn' interest in her- from that 1-ftli' day "of Fobruary,' on'd goriorally glanced' ht iter onvclopes.; Sbb'got a good many; , but nearly' all1 worn In , todies', handwriting j letters from' girl friohds and invitations to' balls and reodp)'-;' tioha.and suoh like, I guess, ' The exceptions wore letters in a bold, masoulino handwriting; all written .by tho saniij man'i .'tholrowas no1 doubt about, that,. At/first' I; brought 'them' onco d"wcek,'"and then, after a littlb' whilbj I , every day, and sometimes twico a day; -She olten took thorn in horsclf, and I always folk', happy for tho rest of tho day. . Her bright- smile sort of went through mo. Onco or, twioo I received a letter from her .to post to him, I was saro, not that aha told mo so, bnt I could tell it was by the way sha' blushed . when sho handed them to mo. I looked at . tho address "and name. It was a broker on: Third street. On tho Juno following tho ' Valentino's Day tho family went away, -and. ; did not return from out of town until Oatobor, : but Idid not sco tho young lady, nor did P havo any letters for her. 'HoBn't .sho re turned yet?' I asked tho colored waiter. ' Oh, no, sho won't bohcrotill Christmas. Sho is now oni tho "continong" with her hus band. . Thoy. woro married at Nowport in. August.' ' 'Ob,' says I. And I thought no, moro oi tho mattor ; events had taken thoir natural couroo by onding in marrisgo, - as all properly icgalatod love-letters oaght to do. . "Sho camo back with -her husband at Christmas, and began housekeeping, in tho. samo squaro oo hor family, - so I delivered her . . letters. Sho saw mo on Now Year's Day, and did not forget mo, either. . What sho gave mo was snfSbiont to bay my wifo a warm cloak fontho winter, with enough left over for a pair, of shoes for tbo baby. Tiro nowiy-morricd couplo had a heap of tatters of all sorts kinds and descriptions. Invitations in any number ior both of thorn, and plenty of femalo cor respondence for hor. - Ho scorned to gat let tors from all parts of the world,- botweon them they had moro than tho rest of tho square pus togeiner. xucro scomca to oa soma changa by April. Tho envelopes of tho letters had tho names of storo-koopors on them, and doubtless contained bills. Tho -following month similar -lottors como vory thiokly in deed, and so did letters with tho names of lawyers on tho uppor right bond comer of tho envelopes. Ho seemed to ho always at homo) lor ho often camo to thodoor himself and took tho letters from mo, as if anzions for tho ser vants notto sea them. A goad-looking man ho was, with a prond manner and a dissipated toco. " Wo aro going away to-morroW,' said tho colored Bcrvant one morning, as I handed him tho ordinary batch. " 1 Ont of town 7 ' I asked. " 4 Oat of die town, I guess,' ho replied, with a grin. ' Tho sheriffs officers aro in tho houso.' " When I was delivering tho lottors tha nozt day, a hack drova up to tho door, and I lingered a momout ont of cariosity. . Tho lady cama down leaning on hor husband's arm, looking so mlserablo and altered I' hardly recognised hor. Sho must havo noticed tho ozprcsslon on my toco for she nodded to mo and smiled; but such a ghost of a smilo I A few days afterward tho things in tho hoasa were sold by auction, and now pcoplo camo to livo thero ; and soon, amid tho many thoughts of lifo, I forgot all about, tho young lady. - c " It was in tho summer of 1877( when I got pat on a routo in Gorman town. I was not very well, and thought the country wolking would do mo good, so I ohongod routes, .with the permission of tho postmaster, with a com rada who woikcd, as I said, in Garmantown. Sorting oat my lottors, as I served ona of. tha pretty, leafy avenues, I came across one ad- arcssod to tho old familiar noma, Mrs. —— — , and 'in tho husband's handwriting. . Tho .postmark was Colorado; so ho wae away; . that was. evident. She was sitting on. tho porch of a pretty -little cottogo, witha ohdd , inher arms. It was cosy to . sco sho woa .no ; longer rich. Tho dresses of herself and. child, and tho amallncss' and- dirtiness of tho- Irish sotvant maid, who -was icloauing a parlour , window, .denoted tho faot at aigtonob; bnt sho did not look unhappy,' and she know mo at onco. ' " i i- . "Why, poBtman, 81100101011104," ia it pos sible it oan bo you?' - '"Tea, ma'am,' I says, 'it is; thanking -you kindly dor remembering mo, an&hora; is ono of liis letters for yon.' 1 i Sho took' it fronu mo with tho old-cagar- nc88,and.as sho tamed toga into tho houso I . noticed hor pressing it to her lips. Ho didn't writo very oftcn to har — ovcry two or three wcoks, _ not mora; ; whilo sometimes -much longer intervals- elapsed; It used. to mako ma quits mlserablo when' I noticed, bcr pleading . faco as I passed morning after morning . with out anything fir hor;; w. f " 'Yon are' qui to saro you havo notvM ono, postman' ", sho wonld ask.-- . ' \- " Quito sore,- ma'am. Tho Wootom mail is? loto to-day— not- delivered ' till to-morrow, 'i was myfoltoring cxaqse. »; : :< Christmas Day .arrived,. and. 1 had nob delivered a lotter from thai husband rimco: thb middle of Ootobor. She no longor camo < to uiu uuuriiuw. xoo uvvio sorvsaG'giri Luiomu . hqr mistress was nearly always ill. , At-tast I 'brought a letter . irom Colorado — on -.the last day of Iho year ; and thonl deiivorod ona regularly onco or twicu a.woekj until; Febru ary. Tho- tody-began to come-, to; the door, again;, looldng something'.- like -her formes' bright solf. ; : ; i "Tho 1-lth of February — Volontino'siDay —oamo round, and I had a Colorado- lotter for;, tho ladyi;. bnt it was not' in; tho-husband'e handwriting. - Bho oamo to tho door; a » a; - ; 1"' Hero -is' o- voientino, 'ma'am-,', Bays t - 1; cheerily. 'I hopoit will' mako yon os happy - as tho ono I doliveredto you in Sprrico streot about flvo years- ogo.'i"'-; 1 " Thank" yori, ''postman,'."; she replied,' 'and I havo 'got-, a- hot onp'>of -'coffee -for you li-' ' , Hi I'll!. ; b ; I : v", \- "'Sho took tha lottor,"oyed it: curiously, > and opened it with trembling fingers; I was' watching- hor- whilo oijqiing. 'my . cottce-ti glance at tha cbutonts; and-Bhe 'fall back; life'- less. . .'The little Irish girl; came up < immedia tely, and botwoen uswo; carried the lady ldto tho parlour, and laid her; on tho Bofa; -Then I took up my mail bag,:' for of; course I could not wait, and oontinued my delivery.. A few houses away lived a' dootor, and-I told- his . servant . thoro < was a; slok lady who- required' medioal aid> ><:I had ho lottors for tha cottngo ' tho - nozt morning, but-i tha little servant' rnshed ont to tell mo tho lady was' dying! and tho- lcttcr;from'Oolorddo'Was-lrom a polico justice, saying tho husband bad' run -away with a woman- to Australia, taking with-limr - a largo sum of monoy ho had stolen from lna ompioyoro. Tho letter also caid is was cap-' posed, where ho was working, that tho woman,- who was his- ooinpanion, waa--iuaniod -to'' him; until a ecaroh- among, tho defuulter'd papers disolbscd 'the -oxlstenco of a wifo la> \- Philadelphia. Before tho week had; closed,- 'there wash bow.of orapa on tho cottage door, < i and 'the' doctor's oortifloate said; ' Diod'of a' broken heart.' Havo you gota matah about yon, slS j- my piper has gono oat," and tho1' postman trudged oil hdmoward with hie mata;> ;th3'lottor-Bortor;- 1 - v.-lv-wt 