BEVIEW. Lmkss AiD Memorials of Jane Welsh Caklvxe t Three Vols. LnneTnana k. Cn. .'. This apparently closes the series which began ?with Carlyle's Reminiscences of his father, of his wife, and of Edward Irving, and which, was continued In the two volumes tnat told the story of the first forty years of Carlyle'a life. Dr. John Carlyle and Mr. Forster, the two co-executors with Mrt Froude, having died before the instructions on which they were to act could be carried out, the survivor had to decide alone as to the. publication of these memorials, and we think that on the whole the public will be glad that he did so. Tho letters are bright and interesting in no small degree; they present to us a very capable, affectionate, and charming woman, and though they record, in the words of her husband's epitaph, ' more sorrows than are common,' they show too 'a clearness of discernment, and a noble loyalty of heart.' If the 'soft invincibility' for a period gave way under great . bodily and mental strain, we think we see that she recovered it, and the old tone of deep affection towards her husband returns. There is nothing more evident in the whole than that Jane Carlyla would have been more dissatisfied, if less un? happy, with an inferior husband, and the genuine admiration which Bhe felt for Carlyle's conscientious work and lofty aims; ought to do away with the current idea that this is merely a chronicle of a womenfe martyrdom. She might have shared her hus* band's work with advantage to both, and been more than the watchful sentinel, the in genious housewife, the brilliant hostess. ': Wd think she might have written sketches, talety and criticisms which wouldhave earned money and made the Craigenputtock and Chelsea housekeeping more liberal and her own - Ufa less laborious; but what Is done is done,' and no one lamented his mistakes and hia shortcomings as her husband did. We w|shi the answers to her letters, or some of them, had been shown. It was love, not fear, that made Mrs. Carlyle not relish her breakfast on Sunday at Troston Rectory without her morning letter ; it waa solicitous love that made her feel so grieved when for the firs^ time for twenty years of married life Bhe was not at 5, Cheyne Walk, Chelsea, to welcome his homecoming; and though she gives graphic descriptions of what she went through with painters, and paperhangers, anc^ carpenters, when she superintended work men during his yearly holiday, we do not think that as a general thing she grudged these pains. The warning to a young friend notf to marry a man of genius— for though Carlyle had exceeded her wildest hopes, she was miserable— must have been given in those evil days, when her husband spent the-, scanty leisure he took from his '?terrible inevitable, unutterable Freidrich' . : in the' brightest and most stimulating society oped to him, which he met at Lady ABhburton'B. And she, sick in body, and all her sufferings, intensified by preternatural sleeplessness, chafed at the life she had led and at the fruity less sacrifices sheappeared to have made.' r A journal kept under theso ' circumstances by any wife in the world would, .fia she her self . confesses, show tho worst side oi her situation. ' Your journal all about feelings aggravates whatever is morbid and ifacti tious . about you ;'!? arid what Carlylo Felt . when he read this journal' ;nbi Feebler nature can conceive. With these preliminary remarks we proceed to take up the narrative after the removal to Gheyntf Row, where the Carlyles lived out their lives. And here we see her beautiful thrift and re source beautifying their humble home. We see J. S. Mill and Leigh Hunt and other noter worthy men and women finding them out ; we notice the war against waste, the mar vellously small limit to which they kept' down their expenses while Carlyle workecl at his ' French Revolution' and his lectures, and Mb ' Cromwell.' One of the first strong friendships made by husband and wife wasr with John Sterling, who had a very high opinion of Mrs. Carlyle's capacity. It ap«l peared to him, as to us, that she might have taken to literature in those days. And besides its money aspect, this would have given her a natural safety-valve for her thoughts anoT little discontents. She threw herself out a1 great deal in conversation ; not so much in| Carlyle's presence, for he took the lion's' share of the talk, but when he was at work and she received company. In her first letter to Sterling Bhe says :— ' Far fiom being offended by your dissertation, on the Sartor, I think it the best that has! been said or sung of him. Even when, your; criticism does not quite fall in with my views,. I still love the spirit of the critic. For in* ? stance, I am loth to believe I married a pagan,' bnt I approve entirely of the warmth with which you warn your friend against the de-, lusion of burning pastilles before a statue of Jupiter and such like extravagances. I sup- : pose it is excessively heterodox, and in a. Catholic country I should be burnt for it, but ' to you I may safely confess that I care almost: nothing about what a man believes in c6m-' parison with how he believes. If his belief be ; correct it is much better for himself, but itSi intensity, its efficacy, iB the ground on which I love and trust him.' We feel in an old-! world atmosphere when we hear the frequent allusion to franks to save the heavy postage, [ and going from Dumfries to London, partis by coach and partly by Liverpool steamer^ to save expense, taking forty to fifty' hours to the journey. In tho midst: ? Df her household cares, with an in different servant, the eager desire to know, which had distinguished her from a ;hild, made her study Italian. ' I never feel anything like youth about me except when I im learning something, and when I am turn ing over the leaves of my Italian dictionary I ?' :ould fancy myself thirteen, when I am turned of thirty, which is something plea sant.' They had French aud Italian refugees for Frequent visitors— notably Mazzini— full of - plots and schemes for tho liberation of Italy^ ? Such as their fare was the guests were wel come to share it, and Leigh Hunt appreciated their porridge supper, though he demanded sugar in addition to the milk, which Scotch:, people consider sufficient accompaniment* » But when one of these refugees came 3elf-invited to dine when she was alone ind to share her fried sole anil . two potatoes,, saying every now and1 then ' O, qve j'ai /aim'— 'Ho w hungry ; [ am' — the Sdotch domestic took, it- more ? coolly than her mistress, for, as sheF said, 'Ko matter what there waa or was; not on the table, he could lye make the bread flee.' It was very ? gradually that their means increased. ;? Ihe ; very first proceeds from the1 ['French Revolution'- came -through Emerson ' from America— £50— the first instalment- of ( the profits of a Transatlantic edition..; Mfa. ; Carlyle makes. fun of their poverty in earlier' days. She makes fun in her letters over the : incubation of a new book, and the collections -- of cartloads of books and State paperswiich ? were the first proceeding, though in practice it ! was scaroely fun. . ' There is no help for it, ' however; a man cannot hold his genius 'as a , sinecure.' So she submitted to all- his : trials j and changes of rooms in which to. write hid i ' Cromwell,' 'he having bound . over : the young lady next door to abstain religiously ?' from playing till 2 o'clock, when ', the ' heaviest of his work was qver^1 :.by;A the most Bednctive letter ever penfle'd.'' , Ihe playfulness went very much out of: her / letters abont, tHe middle of ?!? this - BexieBt -' although she; waa still sharp and observants '^ of the absurd' aid? of things.' Her health ' never was robust. Whether, as Caroline - Fqx eayE', she originally injured .it by. piental : strain ;wfien; she,r in -ambitious cgirl, ( .was. i kept at full working: powers by' such ^utors as. Edward Irving and' Thomas .Carlyle,-. or v whether, aa we think more proballe, /the' mischief was done by ; the uncongenial hafrd ; physical' ?^ork'an'd intellectual isolation' at - Craicenputtockj she /waa, by no' means a', robuBt woman when 'she began London life, .' In 1838 she. writes, apprehensive; of .being! laid up i-^' It was dreary work lastwinter, ' though by incredible precautions. -I kept' myself perpendicular, and the winter bef6re {s horrible:to think of. A single woman majl : be laid rup with comparative ease' of mind, but in a; country where a man is allowed onlj one wife, and needs that one for other 'par- ipotes than meTc show, it is a singular hard* - jship for all parties when she giyea way bo as'' itoW rendered wholly ineffectual.', . ' , '\ ' A | It waa very long before she could get awajj fcr a viat TO Scotland, and the description of ' hi r visiting Haddington incognita, and think ing it so dull and deserted and miserable. An infant school was in the old schoolhouse ?where Edward Irving had tanght ; bat still 'there were some who recollected her good 'father, and said his death was the greatest loss ever came to the place. As for Mis3 Welsh, she heard she had married, gone to ?England, and died there — the tastiest young lady in the place, not to say proud, but reserved. This made her feel more like her own ghost than before. Her aunts — her mother's sisters— she was disposed to keep aloof from, for they were the narrowest of religionists, and would be always fretting themselves about the peril of her soul — with a pagan husband she had become to them a very heathen. _ But, after all, in this and subse quent .visits they were not very hard on their niece, who shielded herself by pretests of headaches, &c;, from over-much preaching and praying. . She had a great dislike to forms and dead Ceremonies — her spiritual life depended on Other things. In visiting Troston, which was a living given to Reginald Buller, the stupid and lazy man of the family, who had no vocation for this office, who bought his sermons and read the service, she gives a most graphic account of her sensations. Of the four hundred and fifty souls who were Supposed to be saved by his means only about thirty or forty poor people were at Church. Old Mr. Buller, who was a little deaf, shielded himself behind his high-railed pew, and read a French noveL Mrs. Boiler told Mrs. Garlyle that Reginald bought and did not compose his own sermons, adding, with her natural sincerity, it was so much the better for the congregation. ' It is wonderful how little faculty is needed for reading prayers ; the bought sermon was read with a noble dis dain of everything in the nature of a stop, pausing just when the parson needed breath at the end of a sentence or the middle of a word as it happened. Anything so like the burial-place of revealed religion you have never seen nor a rector more fit to read its burial service.' This was in 1842. Probably the new blood has reached Troston, and the Church bells are used for morning and even ing ^prayers, and not to warn the gleaners to begin and end their work. : When Mrs. Larlyle wa3 present at the marriage of a dear young friend, she was urged to say that the Anglican marriage service was finer and more impressive than the bald Scotch one. But she said her ideas on the subject were somewhat mixed— that it was to her a cros3 between a religious cere mony and a pantomime. With regard to that very marriage she wrote to the young lady V that she could not rejoice in an engagement. Congratulation on such occasions seems a tempting of Providence. The triumphal pro cessipn-air which in our manners and customs h given to marriage at the outset, that singing of Te Deum before the battle has begun, has, ever since I conld reflect, struck me as somewhat senseless and somewhat impious. If evei one is to pray, if ever one is to feel grave and anxious, if ever one is to shrink from vain show and vain babble, surely it is just on the occa sion of two human beings binding them selves to each other for better for worse till death part them, just on the occasion which it is customary to celebrate with rejoicings and_ congratulations^ and trousseaux ana white ribbon. You reminded me so vividly of my own youth, when L also an only daughter, an only child, had a father as fond of me, as proud of me. I wondered if you knew your own happiness. Well, know ing it or not, it has riot been enough tor you, it would seem. Naturally, youth is so un satiable of happiness, and has such sublimely insane faith in its own power to make happy and to be happy. But of your father. Who is to cheer hi3 toilsome life and make home bright for him? Oh, little girl ! little girl, do you know the blank you will make to him. Now, upon my honour, I seem to be writing rast su3n a letter as a raven might write if it had been taught. Perhaps the henbane I took in despair has something to do with my mood to-day. Anyhow, when one can only ray out darkness one had best claD an ex tinguisher on one's self. And so God bless you.' This letter is quoted by critics as one showing how unhappy Airs. Carlyle's own Hfe had been ; but such thoughts have occurred to many people who have been happily married or not married at all. So too her remark about Miss Muloch's early works all about love and nothing else, that twenty years hence she would put more stuff into her novels. Miss Muloch has not done so ; sentimentalism seems to gain uppn its votaries. We see that she alwav3 considered her husband as on a higher plane than his more illustrious literary contemporaries. ' We have had a deal of company here (at the Grange, Lord Ashburton's country seat), since I came— Macauley amongst the rest, whom I had never before seen at any length. I used to think my husband the most copious talker when he liked that was anywhere to be fallen in with, but Macauley beats him hollow— in quantity.' The quaint Scotch anecdotes and family allusions,_ which Carlyle calls the coterie sprache, in these volumes are very amus ing. The inconsequent thanks given for ' the blessings which are made to pass over our heads' — poor Mrs. Carlyle often wished they would do more than pass over, that she might not see them only pro mise and depart— the grace equally incon aequentr-'We are sailing along the stream of time into the ocean of eternity, for Christ's sake. Amen.' The anecdote of Carlyle's grandmother, who had, a hundred years ago or more, by strenuous industry and thrift, saved for herself twenty complete shillings, an actual £l-note, wholly her own, to do what she liked ?* ith, and who was much con cerned to lay it up in absolute safety against a rainy day. After trying every hiding place in vain, she was heard by her young daughters ejaculating, ' They have trouble that have the worl\ and trouble that have na'.' This extreme material poverty and mental opulence of Carlyle's ancestors he prides himself on, and thought there was a. falling - off in these later luxurious days; but no one can read this series of books without seeing how injurious the want of the worl1 was to Carlyle and his life. A little more money would nave saved his wife from much drudgery and many mortifi cations, and more generous living in his youth might have lessened the dyspepsia which made him so ill to live with. With regard to the troubled time which has called Forth so much indignation against the husband, Mr. Froude says there is no occasion for mvstery about Carlyle's life, and Carlyle himself desired none. For many years Carlyle's visits to Lord Ashburton's house in town (Bath House) and his country house (the Grange) gave great enjoyment, but they were not so pleasant to his wife. She was intensely proud of her husband, and wished to be first with him. So lon» as she felt he was really attached to her, sne had taken the hardest part of her lot lightly, and jestingly, and by her incessant watchfulness had made it possible lor him to accomplish his work. And now his fame was established ; she saw him feared, admired, reverenced, the acknowledged sovereign, atleast in many eyes, of English literature, and she found, or at least thought she found, that as he had risen, she had become what in an early letter she had said she dreaded she might be, ' ' a mere accident of his life.' When she found he had leisure for Bath House and none for her she became jealous and irritable. Her anger was wrong in itself and exaggerated in the form which it assumed. But Carlyle, too, was to blame. He ought to have managed his friendships better. . . . Thus there grew up between these two. who at heart admired and esteemed each other more than any other person in the world, a condi tion of things of which the trace is visible in this, diary. , . . Carlyle's letters during all this period are uniformly tender and affectionate, and in them was his true self, if she could but have allowed herself to see it. 'Oh!' he often said to me after she was gone, ' if I could only see her for five minutes to assure her that I had really cared for her throughout all that 1 But she never knew 1 she aever knew !' Thua far Mr. Froude, Carlyle's friend : and We add some of the remarks of Miss Jews bury, the friend of the wife, which show how the matter strikes her. 'Mr. Carlyle once said to me that his wife had the deepest and tenderestf eelings, but narrow. Any other wife -would have laughed at Mr. G's bewitchment with Lady A. (Carlyle we must recollect was sixty years old at this time), but to her there was a complicated aggravation which made it very hard to bear. Lady A. was admired foi swings and doings for which she was snubbed. She saw through Lady A.'s little ways, and knew what they were worth. Lady A. waa excessively capricious towards her, and on her visits to the Grange (she waa .never invited to the hateful Bath -House) ttie mortification and vexation S'* lelt, tiongh pften self ? made, were none the less intolerable, , , , At first she waa -charmed with Lady A., but soon found she had no real hold on her, nor ever could or would have. . . , Her sufferings were really intense, and at times too grievons to be borne. Carlyle did not understand this, and only felt her to be unreasonable. . . . Bear in mind that her inmost life was soli tary ; no tenderness, no caresses, no loving words. . t . He suffered too, but he put it all into his work. She had only the barren ness and desolation of having all her love and her life laid waste. She had held out six years at Craigenputtoch bravely ; then they came back to the world, and the strain told upon her. She did not falter in her purpose of helping and shielding him, but she Decame Neither Mr. Froude nor Miss Jewsbury touch upon the terrible aggravation whish tiercbristitntienai sleeplessness brought tc her fatigues, her anxieties, her mistakes and her jealousy. One would think in reading the Reminiscences that it waa Car lyle's sleep that she was constantly guarding, and she certainly waa most solicitous over his repose by day and by night: but her sleep difficulties appear to have been far more inveterate than his. At first it is described by hers? If as that ' preternatural intensity of sensation which, if one did not know its cause, might pass for the perfection of health.1 Afterwards it is described in stronger and strcncer language, till in the height of the Ashburton miseries, which lasted two or three years, she wonders how she can keep on her feet, or keep her senses on the little sleep she gets ; and Ba- s that to cure people of the fear of annihilation it would be sufficient to put them on her, allowance, and they would look on sleep as the only conceivable Heaven. She herself in her better days laughingly said she and Carlyle had no skin to speak of, and, in sober earnest, excessive nervous irritability should be reserved for only one of two married people. But even reading this journal does not make Carlyle unjust to Lady Ashburton. He notes her death in 1857 — 'The most queenlike woman I had ever known or seen. The honour of her conptant regard had been for ten years back among my proudest and most valued possessions. Nor does his brother Dr. John Carlyle's wanton crueity towards hi3 dying wife in telling her it was because she had had nothing to do that this awful internal com plaint fell upon her make him say other than — ' Poor Jbnn ; well-intentioned, but with too rough a hand.' It was impossible that his friend or his brother should be other than right. One may say the same of any literary subject which he took up. With all his pessimism those whom ne ♦?bought he thoroughly knew were always admirable— the rest of the world of course mostly fools. Carlyle's want of common sense about his own health was very provoking. He would spread his handkerchief on the grass and sit on it for an hour and a half, bringing on lum bago^ he would, if not watched and prevented, dry his soaked trousers on his own legs : he would take five grains of calomel in the middle of the day and walk or ride three hours in pouring rain afterwards. Physic he would take and in too large quantities; he even tried the water-cure with no good effect, but reasonable care he never took. There was a little dog called Nero who for eleven years brightened Airs. Carlyle's life, and this partly shows what a blessing children would have been. The accountof her wretched health after her terrible accident (she was run over by a furious cab)— the sinews of her thigh-bone and her poor neuralgic arm ruined for life, and an agonizing internal disease superadded, is sad enough physically speaking ; but we see that Carlyle's tender ness was aroused by her sufferings, and his letters to her grew more and more affec tionate. One thing Carlyle did for his wife : he made her pens, and he apparently did it welL He also never forgot to send every week Punch, directed by his own hand to her old nurse — an attention of which the old woman and her husband were very proud. Her contrivances that she should not be, as religious people call it, ' laid aside,' but could leave her ?' horrid, hateful, big red bed' where she had spent so many sleepless nights, and lie on the drawing-room sofa, so that when Carlyle minded, he could come and sit beside her, and smoke up the chimney, were both ingenious and courageous. The quiet death in the carnage which he at last cot for her comfort, unwitnessed save by the little dog which had been hurt and which she had taken in beside her to tend, while a nation's plaudits, dear to her heart, were ringing in the ears of Carlyle in Edin burgh, was not for her grievous. The whole bodily machinery was worn out — the ap pointed time run down. We can imagine that if she could, she would have liked to have destroyed some of those bitter memorials of|atimeoverpast of which were to herhusband so agonizing. The hand that had shielded him so long would not willingly have caused him so much unavailing regret and remorse. Whatever might have been their speculative doubts as to many of the orthodox doctrines in which they had been reared, we think both must have looked forward to a meeting when the explanation and the confession could be made, and the reunion effected under different and brighter conditions. The apocalyptic seer looked 'for a new heaven and a new earth, where there shall be no more sea and no more night,' but we can scarcely imagine Thomas or Jane Carlyle longing for a heaven where there should be no more sleep — God giveth His beloved sleep ; and our only conceivable idea of existence for a finite being is that of activity alternated with rest— of waking hours refreshed by blessed sleep. 