~ ECHOES OP MELBOURNE (By The Ghost.) u ' .-?'.. ? SoDtomborl. Tho, sto8,dy onward progress of legislation has boon unchookod during tho wook. Major Smith's motion, that blocked supply, has boon nogativod, and tho_ year's ostimatos all but disposed of. This is a feather in tho Minis torial cap. Up to tho prosont it has boon the fashion to spend tho monoy first, and thon, long after it is gonq.to obtain tho sanction of j. uLiuLuiuiiu w iua uiauuLHuiuujtij. iur. *aurviuu a Caledonian, or moroantilo, or common Bonso instinct rovoltod against this ridiculous courso, and as a oonsoquonco it is honcoforth to bo unknown in logislativo practice Tho Halloo Bill has passod tho ordoal of its socond loading, and has now to bo considorod in ? committoo. It is not unlikely that ' tho Min istry of adoption,' as somo of its critics havo dubbed it, in oonsoquonoo of tho readiness displayed by its mombors to adopt all tho suggestions offered for its guidanco, will aocodo ?to the suggestion offorod by Mr. Walter Maddon, and abolish tho distinction botwoon tho .A' and B blooks. This point concodod, tho moasuro will moot with vory littlo furthor opposition. Should tho Government, howoror, xosolvo upon a display o£ baokbono in oonnoc tiOn with this ainondmont, there will m [all probability bo somo difficulty in. passing tho Mnlloo Bill through tho Upper House. ' Thoir lordships' aro cortain to refuse their sanction to tho clausos granting a tenure of five years only_ to half of tho runs into which tho twolvo millions of unoccupied dosort is to bo, out up, and there will assuredly be an intorohango of messages, and perhapB a conference over tho bill, which will considerably rotard its passage. If,, howovor, wise counsels should prevail, thoro is ovory probability of Parliament going into' recess towards tho middlo of Novombor a latost. ' This will, at all ovents, bo a small mercy for which not only honourable mombers, tut: all whoso duties compeithem to attend the halls of tho Logislaturo, will bo duly thank ful. A thormpTnotor marking 95 degrees in tuo snacio is noitnor conauoivo ro cooi xompors no'r'cool hoads, and not ovon tho ice suppliod (gratis) to honourable mombdrs can insure both' those desiderata aftor tho above date. Exeunt tho Carters — for a time at least. Tho next aot of this apparently intorminablo drama will tako plaoo during tho ourrent month, tho scono being laid in tho criminal division of the Supremo Court, whon Carter will havo to answer to a sorios of charges ? , brought by tho trnstoos of- his insolvent es tato. Tho termination of- tho story, disclosed during tho time tho interesting trio, oonsist . ing of Mr. and Mrs. Carter and Hooper, have boon boforo tho public is thus, it will bo por ooivod. a most commonplace one. Vice has been unmasked, and; virtuo would doubtless provp. .triumphant aB.it doos in most .modem dojnestic dramas on tho stage,, only for' tho fact that in tho Carter case it is difficult, to iilLU wuuru uuu itroiuiu uumuu 111. -ti-a uuuu uiiu mombors of tho malo'sex identified with the opisodo have boon committed' for trial, and the lady iB the only ono apparently: who is to go,.' unwhipt of juatioo,' it must certainly bo, if tho. dramatic .unities and' tho fitness of thmg3 ato to bo satisuod, in tho person of that interesting fomalo that the embodiment' of virtue is to1 bo sought for. . Not only doos ' tho whirligig of tiino'bring ' its own revenges,' but in its|novor ooasing rounds : it . .witnessos some quoor ; changes. K^arly thirty years ago, a Ballarat digger, sorely 'wounded in ah attempt, by foroo of arms, to subvert hor Majesty's Government ?wife lying in hiding from the officers of. the law in a poorly furnished cottago in what is now a suburb of Goolpng, while all ovor the coloiiy woro postors convoying tho|information that tho sum of five hundred pounds would bo paid for tho apprehonsion of tho robol loader. OniMohdav this self same gontleman, now I the.-.!' first commoner, of tho land,' ontor I tairiod at dinner tho Queen's roprosentatiyos, I tho judges, and all tho highest Stato funotion I arios of the colony. In tho largo hall of tho Parliament buildings, under ;the shadow of the statuo of the sovereign, Mr. Lalor feasted tho Legislature, and invited them to quaff in bumpers of sparkling wino to tho toast of 'tho Queen!' . But Mr. Lalor's rebellion was'npt of the 'back-bone and spinal mar .' row' 'kind that ia quollod by a- knighthood and a pension of a thousand per anriiiin. His I was a protest against offioial iusolonoo and gross.tyranny. And whilo tho ono may not havo much causo to look back with pride at tha days; when tho gaol at.Kilmainham was Iris, temporary abiding place, tho other need never blush as his empty coat-sleovo recalls the memory of his doings when 'youth's hot ; blood': coursed through his veins. . Throe tisnoschdaon as Speaker of tho popular branch ' of 'the' Logislaturo, tho knighthood that gentle man has oarned cannot bo much longor with keld. Will the eohoos of tho choers that greeted the mention of tho Queen's name at the'. Speaker's dinnor evoke any answoring ones ' whon 1 borno i to tho foot of the throno hy-Mi. Lalor's chjof guest? Sir Andrew Clarko ia a luoky man. , For the last twenty years ho has boon drawing a yonsion of £S00 per annum from tho Colonial treasury, while in receipt of a handsomo salary as Inspector-General of Fortifications. Mr. M'Intyro is much oxeroised in mind over tho gallant officer's luok. and has given notioo of liia intention to move in tho Assombly that . Sir Andrew bo requested to rofund tho amount holms illogally drawn during tho last twenty years. Tho little sum amounts to .£16,000. Mr. Servico has promised ' to make on quiries.' Meantime tho quostion ought to bo put to Mr. M'Intyro — 'Don't you wish you . jnay.'get it ?' Mr. Hugh M'Coll, M.L.A., who a month ago tras assaulted by Mr. Goo. Cornwall, tho I contractor, resumed his seat in tho Assembly on Thursday, looking somewhat loss rubicund and smiling than of yoro. His splioitor, Mr. Fleotwood, has servod Mr. Cornwall with a ?rrrit claiming .£2000 damagos, and the oaso vrill, unless previously sottled, coino boforo tho Court during tho Ootobor Sittings. There has boon another railway aooidont, ' and ;some twenty people havo boon more or less injured. Tho collision botwoon tho Essondon passongor carriages and tho engine 1 ' ' »nd train of cattle truoks standing at the Btation was not a very violent ono, but it is astonishing how many .' shooks to the system' '.. it has caused. This is tho favourite way of being injured whon a smash occurs on a rail way. It's more convenient than having a log or an arm brokon, and opens a wide field for speoiilativo medical opinions. Dodtdra and lawyers are in luok just now; No sooner is the Hawthorn disaster disposed .of than a catastrbpho opportunely ooours, to : provide , thorn with profitable employment. ' If things' ?go bnas at present, in addition, to permanent railway commissioners there TfilPKaTo'tb be a' permanent aooiSent'iboard appointed. :It is rathqp early just yot, bat already there »r«i. rumours of olaims for considerable amounts, boing about to bo sent in. ? If tho taxpayers of the colony esoapo with a payment of' l£10,000 they may oonsidor themselvos luoky; Tho opponents of tho, Rovorond Charles Strong havo atlast sucooocled in 'worriting'; that muoh abused divino into sending in his resignation to tho Prosbytory. Shis will, no doubt, bo gladly acooptod by that body. But what will tho rovqrond gontloman'a congrega tion say? Thoro is sure to bo a 'rumpua' orcr tho affair, and whon religious quarrels arisp it is somowhat romarkablo how all Christian spirit is sot asido, and the fight wagos to tho bittor end. It is said that somo vory ourious complications tiro likely to ariso out of tho resignation. Clorgymon — especially Scotch onos — do not rosign .£1000 per annum and porquisitos without looking a littlo ahead. 