RUM. After a long period of inactivity tho Bega Amateur Dramatic Club has under gone a satisfactory resuscitation, and tlie .vav in which 'lium' was put on the stage on Friday niefht shows that tho mem bers havo spared no pains to get up their parts, and tho arrangements throughout reflect great credit on tlie committee, and speci-il praiso must be accorded to Mr. Ijovo 'who acted most efficiently as stage manager. Tho scenery was pretty, well chosen and artistic —designed by Mr. Love — the painting being the work of Mr. Henry Keillor. Mr. G. H. Cook acted as ' orchestra,' aud Mr. T. Harrison was out of sight as prompter. ' Rum. or the First Glass' is a heavy piece for amateurs to take in hand; much of tho effect depends on the stage arrangements, and although those were as good as it was possible they could be in tlie liuiitod space at tlie dis posal of tho managers, there was an ob servable lack of those accessories neces sary to give full effect to tho scenes pre sented. The first scone was the Bar-room of l'linthart's, (Mr. AV, J. Proscott's) hotel, we suppose it must ho called. The fre quenters ol tho establishment seemed as if it was a long time sinco they had their ' first glass,' aud a delightful free and easy touo seemed to pervade tho place ; but little cash found its way to tho till ; to snatch a bottle and tilt it seemed the favorite method of taking 'refreshment; ' aud altogether the proceedings were such as would ensure tho cancelling of Mr. Flinthart's license, at least by tho Boga Bench. Ono of the drinkors becomes 'fou,' and gets bundled out in the orthodox fashion, and ro-appoars as prin cipal at au inquest. Tho villain of the piece, Fortingrass (Mr. Asher), makes liis appearance iu tlie first scene, aud concludes a bargain with Fiinthart as to future doses to be administered to the victim., Mr. Milroy (Mr. J. M. Loe). Tlie uoxt sceno is pathctic, the dopartiiro of young Milroy (Mr. J. S. Cornell), to fight tho robels ' down south.' Next we find Mr. Milroy, with his charming wife (Mr. Lewis), and his bewitching daughter (Willio Proscott), and two younger mem bers of that estimablo family (Willio Ellis and Alfred Sattler) in family conclave, to bo violently startled by news of tho discovery of Medley's body in an out house. The iuquest on theso remains was a nniquo affair, tho jurors being of a decidedly convivial turn of mind. The appearance of Dr. Squills (Mr. J. W. Boone) causes a temporary cessation of applications to tho black bottlo, and tho worthy doctor's diagnosis of tho case caused fits of laughter. Then came tho graveyard scone, Keillor's masterpiece, and the 'ragged girl' (Mr. A. Sattlor) is discovered wcoping at her mother's grave. 'Wo don't know exactly what rags mean, but we fancy Miss Wakefield might bo considered rather a fashionable than a ragged young lady. Fortingrass drops in, aud tlio young lady charges him with liis faithlessness, but he is ob durate and despises lier. Tho second net commences with a good sceno between Milroy and Fortingi-.iss in !Kliulha.rt's. Milroy takes his first glass, and it speedily takes effect. FortingTass then turns np iu the ' happy family,' and mentions the fact of Miiroy's debauch, and of course condoles -with tho ladies. Wo havo next tho ragged girl's tragic end. Koillor had provided a cool looking lake, with a couple ol swans hard hy that seemed to take tho mad sceno as a matter of every day life. After a touch of 'Ophelia' Jenny decided on suicide, and did not, as is tho manner of love-sick iailies. throw herself into tho watur, but. took a 'header' that any spring-board diver might envy. Someone splashed up a jug , of water, and Jenny passed out of being, j Wo had forgotten that earlier in (be play : Fortingrass found n most ;ihlo assistant j in his villnny iu Bmi^y, (Mr. A. Arnold) j a seedy ruffian of tlif bludg'on and bull- | dog order, who takes !:incl!y lo his new ! employment. Miiroy's lir.-t. ,ur!a~s lias j bijou succeeded by the second and third — in fact ho seems to have lost eount -and j his estimable family are di'.-litut'1, and of j course tho villa ill Forli'igi'.iss is there to I console them, aud to make love to the. ; charming May. &]:ii!l.-, who seems a humble admirer of t!i' imjuv^-ituiable young laily, and who has a hint J'roio liungy, who is working now for as well as against his employer, appears to warn May ; but the young lady's coniidenc: is j unshaken, and she scornfully disniis-'^ j tho doctor and sticks to the villain. The third act takes us again to tlie bar room to see Milroy make a foul of himself aud get arresteil. Here or hereabout-; lie was deprived of a beautiful beard with a. cele rity that must have caused rancour in Bungy's breast, for such a lightning pruecss would be a fortune up Gipps-streut. Fortingrass begins to fall iu with retribu tion, and is treated to a view ut' -Tunny's ghost — a solid, unethero.'il pcrt-onage withal — anil Bim^y rushed to liis assis tance anil displayed a 'Ret- up' that brought down the house, and one could i imagine tho secdv rutlian just turning nut of bis lair, unkeinpl and di-hevuili d. Fortingrass' acting in tin's scene was really splendid. We next, see the -Milroy family, vrith their remaining belongings in a boot trunk, turned out on the cold world, and even here Fortin^rasn' villiany follows tlieiu, aud a trap is laid for the bewitching daughter, which she is just about to fall into, when her brother returns from the wars, rescues her, and shoots Fortjjigra.--. Buugy, while rifling his employee's pockets, is set on by Fiinthart, and murder gets general until Messrs. l-'evvingvass, Fiinthart, and IJiingy are a heap of corpses. AU as it should bo, vice comes to grief; virtue is rewarde 1 in the fact that young Milroy has come back a rich Southerner's heir, and the Milroy family, it is but reasonable to assume, lire happy ever after. The characters of Fortiugra '-s, Bnngv, and Squills would have parsed on any stage ; the ladies were excellent ; Milroy was good, but too juvenile. The minor parts taken by Messrs. JJoardman. Kelly, Slieedy, Kllis, O'Toole, and Lene han were all well sustained. Oi' Hie farce that followed the less said the better. ' lium ' was repeated to a good house on Saturday. 