VOICE AND NOTHING AFTER. Mn. DA~NIEL O'CONNOn, M.L.A., de scendani of the Irish Kings, carcase butcher, and member of Parliament for West Sydney, is an orator of whols it may be said naecitur non Jit,.and he takes the ordinary license granted to orators, oracles and poets-that is to say, neither his grammar norhislogic is tobcrdo utoclyreaietfkerea1 general effect, Mr. O'CosNoR's speeches, clothed as they are in glowing imagery, and the least taste of the brogue, sound gently and harmoniously on the ear, e'en as the sound " of the sweet south." He alone in the House may speak of the " anatomical luminosity" of a brother member's remarks, with out the absurdity of the simile occurring to a hearer-till afterwards. This is what he said of Mr. GARRETT'S defence in the Milburn Creek affair, and no one laughed-till next morn ing when it was read in the papers. But Mr. O'CoNsoR has probably allowed his license as the orator of the Lower House to carry him farther than he intended. On Thursday night he arose in all the majesty of a plethora of words, praised and denounced by turns everything and everybody-and wound up a tremendous philippic against the STUAUT Land Bill by saying he would vote for the second reading. Bay what the Government may about their principles, and deny it as they may that they are ready to. jump Jim Crow in com. mitteo in regard to their measure, the action of their supporters, as in dicated by their speeches, shows that an endeavour will be made to passthe Land Bill, not because of its excel lence; not because of its necessity; but because to oust the STUART Govern ment would be to let persons into power against whom certain members have personal or party objections. This has been demonstrated by the speeches of all the members who have wound up their remarks by stating that they will vote for the seconid read ing, trusting to make altera tions in committee. They have utterly condemned the Bill. They rose to bless, they continued on their feet to curse; and they concluded by stating in effect that though the Bill was only fit for the waste paper basket, it would be better to accept it than to send the STUa?T Government into the cold shades of opposition. They do not particularly love the BSTURT clan, but they hate the clan of ROBERTaSON. We quote a. few extracts from Mr. O'0oNon's speech (discrepan cies and all), and leave our readers to wonder how, on the strength of sunch opinions and denunciations, the hon. member for West Sydney can reconcile his vote with his con science when he agrees to the second reading of the Land Bill. He began by saying Hon. members of every shade of opinion -no matter what might be their ideas as to the various clauses of this Bill-would agree that this was one of the greatest mea sures everintroduced; and if ever there was a time in the history of the country when hen. members ought to forget party and look to the nation, this was one. After a panegyric on Sir JOHN ROBERT?SON and the past excellence of his well-known measure, Mr. O'Con Non said of Mr. BruAwr's Bill Everyone knew how the beneficent pur poses of the Land Acht of 1801 were defeated, and it was adm'tted that a radical change was required ; and it there was anything to be proposdd by the present Government on coming into power-it was that they were to introduce two cardinal points into their programme. They were to have a proper revenue from the squatters, and give encouragement to selectors. He undertook to show before he sat down that this Bill would not carry out these prihciples. (Hear, hear.) He ventured to ssy if this Bill represented the collective wisdom of the Ministry, a more gigantic pretence or hollow sham was never offered to the House. C S The 82nd clause of the Bill proposed to in crease the ront of the squatter; but the 104th clause gave himn the right to.appeal against the law, and if he was dissatisfied with the decision of the local board he could appeal to the Minuister. What chance would the Ministcr in such a case have with all the powerful influence that would be brought to bear upon himl in the inter ests of the squatter? The Bill was sup posed to settle an agrarian population upon the land; but it would rather set the squatter against the free selector to the ruin of the latter. Under one clause no selector was allowed to make more than one selection, but the moneyed men was specially protected, and could get 5000 acres. (Hear, hrar.) Was that the way to encourage settlement on the soil? Was that the panacea that was to amend the years that had been spent in strife between the squatters and free selectors? Under the 27th clause it was within the power of the Minister to proola'm special areas, and leave them open to be selected by the dummies of powerful men. The Bill was designed to crush out the free selector, and to perpetuate large estates. 0 There was not a door that under the old There was not a door that under the old Act was open to fraud that was not left open in the Bil1 before the House, and in addition other apertures were opened by the pickaxes of the Government. If the Billhad been purposely constructed with a view to strangling settlement, it could not be more successful than it would be5 * C Ie considered that more effective materials had never been placed in the hands of unscrupulous squatters with which to behead every free selector on the soil. It was only a question of time and money. The House had only to pass that Bill as it stood, and the unscrupulous squatter had only to take advantage of its provisions, and at the end of a decade there would not be such a thing known as a free selector on the soil. * * The 2Gth clause-which was a most nefarious one provided that nothing could be done until the correspondence had terminated. In the past the squatter who wac anxious to get rid of a free selector accomplished that object by giving him a sum of money; but under the Bill it would no longer be neces sary for th' squatter to give a selector a sum of money in order to get rid of him. Then Mr. O'Co0xoa argued that two wrongs should make a right, on the ground that they had waited long enough, and could not wait any longer for proper land legislation; and he took the House by surprise by saying he would vote for the second reading I With such tactics as these being used the people niust not be surprised if the Land Bill goes into committee, and if a ghost of it becomes law. But we pro diet that, afterwards, the Government will cry " Save us from our friends " They are knotting for their boneless back a scourge that will heseafter be applied, not in correction, as a father whips a child, but in infinite contempt a!2d leat1JilngaF-&a-ahips-a-apirit; less and mangy cur. Wheretheynow have one M'ELOs.NE they will have several dozens, and they will resign office, not in defence of a principle, but from a dread of the brass-tipped toes of their supporters' boots. 