BENDIQO HOSPITAL SUNDAY. Hospital Sunday was celebrated yoatorday for the eleventh time since its introduction to tiio city in 1873 by Mr. J. H. Abbott, the father of the movement in the colony. This is the first occasion sinco that year that (owing to a visit to Europe) Mr. J. H. Abbott has been absent, he having in previous ycara occupicd the position of honorary secretary. The duties of that office have tliia year been porformed by Mr. R. H. o. • Abbott. The weather was dull but fine nevertheless, and the financial result aa a whole, was more satisfactory than that of last year. The total collections yesterday were £-159 7id as against £408 18s 1 Ad last year. lhoro ' has been a falling olf of ±. 1 <> *is lid in the receipts from the open air service. Thero has also been' a falling off of £9 in the collections at St. Andrew s Qhurch, £5 at the Forest-street Wesleyan Church, £7 at the Chalmers' Church, £1 from the Hebrew congregation, and i-1 at the Golden-square Wes leyan Church. Tocountoract these deficiencies, how ever, thero has been an increase of £1 atthe Catholic Church, whero the sum of £S0, tiie highest of the day. was collected. At St. Paul's Church there has been nn'incroaso of £1, and at tho Congrega tional Church thero lias been an incroaso of £-1. At All Saints' Church the collection was £25 7s lid n« against £12 in the previous year. Thoro is also an mcroase iu tho amount from the hospital collection-box, and ' several returns are to hand from a number of outsido churchos which did not figure on last year's lists. Tho sum of £38 0s. lOd. collected at the services of tho Salvation Army will, no doubt, account for tho falling off in some of tho churchos. Mention has beon made of tho want of suffi cient notice being givon to tho fact that tho Hos pital Sunday collections wore to bo talcon up yes terday. Tho following extract from a lotter recoived by us from the incumbent of St. Luko's Church, White llilla, will speak for itself ■"Although a resident of throe months in this place, 1 havo receivod no official intimation re arrangements for this day; nor jvas I awaro until Thursday last, when I saw tho placards in Sandr hurst, that tiio day had boon fixed. Having no opportunity of notifying a special collection, I havo to trust to my congregation being as woll informod on tho subject as myself. I cannot help thinking, however, tho collections might have boon bettor for previous notico from the pulpit or othoiwise. opj5n air servI0B. This distinctive feature in tho annual services of Hospital Sunday attracted a large concourse of .spectators to the Camp Reserve yosterday. Th# weatlior, though fine, was rather hot and close, and tho attendance appeared to bo affected by this circuinBtanco. There was, however, an attendance of at least 8,000 poraons in the reserve, though the day's collections, unfortunately, show a docroase oil those of last year. A prominent foature in tho arrangements for the service was the vory effective display made by tho Volunteers. At half-past two in tho after noon tho Sandhurst troop of Prince of Wales Victorian Light Horse, 28 strong, and the liendigo Rifles, muatoring over 80 men of all ranks, assembled at their respective Orderly rooms, and marched, preceded by Northcott's Voluntoer Band, playing a selection of music, by way of View Point and Pall .Mali to the Upper Reserve, entering at the gate behind the gaol. Tho ollicers present wore—Major Blackham, Captain Sibley, Henderson, and Anderson; Surgeon Hinchcliff, Licutonants Goodison, Bell, Dyason, and Cahill. Tho companies arrived on tho ground at about three o'clock. Tho band took up a position in tho marquee erected in tho centre of the Uppor Re serve, whero thoir forvicos in rendering a number of tho most popular hymn tunos at tho sorvice woro invaluable. Tho Rev. J. Swindells officiated at tho service, and proachod an oloquent and ini prcssivo sermon, which was listened to by a large audionco with tho greatest attention. The rov. gentleman solectod as tho basiB of his remarks, Acts, 20th chapter, verso 25: "It is moro blossed to give than receive." The preacher said that this maxim was a real coin of the heavenly mint. It had a true ring. Good monoy- changors would not hesitate to take it. The words woro an axiom of divine wisdom, preg nant with truthfulness, but by no means self-evident to soino minds, still thoy woro a veritable echo of our deoper thoughts. Although tho maxim sounded romantic, and too refined for human nature's daily use, nevertheless it was in daily uso, and commendod itself not only to common senso, but to intelligence and piety. Children were sensitive to tho difference botwoen giving and receiving. Howovor fond thoy may be of getting presents, they woro still fondor of saving up their pence and oxhausting thoir ingenuity in devising liberal things. It was a pretty sight to see a little child smiling and blushing bringing its tiny otforing to father and mothor on som(> birth day festival. Tho eame-rulo held good in our daily experience. Look at that man living all his days off tho alms-basket, creeping and cringing through life with opon supplicating palm, his eyes glittering with ravenous hunger for tho good tilings ho has neither courage to seize nor energy to earn, and tho preacher asked whether that man answorod to tho ideal of blesaednoss ? Would his hearers choose such lives for themselves ? Would not thoy rathor choose to earn by industry a sufficient competency and bo known as benefactors helping the best interests of the town in which thoy lived, contributing to its charitable institu tions and being instrumental in raising many a poor down-trodden soul from the dust ? It was moro divine to give than to receive. It was more God-liko. God is always giving. Ho fills His eternal year with an incossant bounty. The very law of His life is self- impartation, elso why did Ho create earth and man ? In concluding an able address tho rov. gentleman atid:—" And now I trust that I need not ask your induleence for inviting you to make a collection for tho Bendigo Hospital and tho Benovolent Asylum.: The worth of theso adiniraljlo institu tions needs no comment of mine. There they stand boforo you, and you may look upon them with no small degreo of pride. They are noble in their structure, noble in their object, and noble in their end. They aro an honor to your city, and many a talo of woo, and many a tale of joy obey tell. Did you know each sad story your hearts would leap to their roliof, and all distinctions of raco or creod, of right or wrong, would vanish beforo the demand upon your humanity. I know that I am addressing many who aro engaged in perilous occupa tions, and yon do not know any hour but that you may bo plunged into tho deep necessity of appealing to your hospital for help. Therefore I ask you to give largely to lceop up its funds. "Lot not your right hand know what your left hand doeth. Whatsoever your hand findeth to do, do it with your might." Bo Christ like, He gavo Himself for you. Then givo to-day as you have never done beforo, to tho Lord's siclc and suffering onos, that you may hear before assembled worlds those thrilling words, 'Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord, for inasmuch as yo have done it unto tho least of these My brethren yo havo dono it unto Me;" and so shall you for ever realise that it is indeed, in vory deed, "More blessed to give, than to receive." Selected hymns, specially printed for the occasion, were distributed, the band leading tho vocal exercises in a superior manner. At the conclusion of the sermon Handel's hallelujah chorus was performed, concluding with tho National Anthem. The arrangements for receiving subscriptions woro of a very complete character. Collectors were placed at all the principal entrances to the reserve grounds, for the purpose of receiving con tributions from those who entered. A number of men from the Benevolent Asylum assisted in the distribution of hymn papers under tho superin teudency of Mr. JDorman. The following were tho locations of those who assisted in taking up tho col lection:—No. 1 gate Survey office, Mr. Montford, Mr. Taylor; No. 2 gato, View- street, Mr. J.Waller, Mr. .T. D. Crofts; No. 3 gate, corner View and 1 laniard streets, Mr. J. Rob^haw, Mr. Kirby; No. ■1 gate, Barnard-street, Mr. M'Evoy; No. 0 gate, llarnard-strcet, Mr. H. Birch; No. ti cato, Polico rcsorve, Sergeant Colgan; No. 7 £ate, Park-street, Corporal Thomson, Mi". Steano No. S gato, View street, Mr. W. D. C. Donovan, Corporal Ruther ford; Mr. W. G. Jackson, Mr. Herman, Mr. Pal lett,' Mr. Hayes, Major Blackham, Captain Anderson, Lieutenant Dyason, Lieutenant Cahill, Sergeant Flv, Serjeant John*, Corporal Taylor, Captain Sibley, Captain Henderson, Lieutenant Goodisson, Lieutenant Warren, Lieutenant Sergeant Hesse. Tho service was concluded at 4.30 by tho porformance by tho band of the | National Anthem. The approximate sum realised by the collections made at the gates and in the reserve grounds w;is £'99 10s. 30.\d., as compared with £112 los. 9Jd. last year. _ Tlio following are the particulars of tho manner in which tho amount was made up:—One pound note, one half sovereign, 30 half-crowns, 54 florins, 77$ shillings, 1,108 six pences, 4 four-penny bits, 1,462 three-penny bits, 549 pennies, 79 half-pennies; total nutnborof coins, 4,12G. Tho Hospital Sunday committee tender their thanks to the gentlemen who assisted in making the collection, and also desire specially to thank iSergeant Tlv and Mr. D. Gilbert for their Very efficientservicos in erecting- and removing tho necessary tent, platform, etc., and Mr. Rouwick for the uso of two lorries, THE CHURCHES. At St. Kilian'n Church there wero three masses conducted. The Rev. Father O'Callaghan officiated at tho early pass, and at vespers. Father Gilscnan presided at tli3 quarter past nine .o'clock, and eleven o'clock masses. At tho latter celebration Father Gilsenari delivered an excellent sermon, and at vespers Father O'Callaghan de livered *an address from tho Gospel of the Day, tho words being "Renderthereforc to Ciusar thethings which are Ciesar's, and to God tho things which are Gods." Tho reverend gentleman drew attention to tlio duties which tlio people owed to civil power .13 woll as to God, und his noighbor whoixi ho wag required to assist when in distress. Iho amount of the collection was £60, which includes the sum of £2 donated by tho Bishop of Sandhurst. The total sum is the result of the collection 111 St. Kiiinn's alone. Tlic returns from outside churches of tho namo denomination will not be sent 111 for Home time. On tho previous Sunday a special collection was made to effect some improvements to tho palace, and it was feared that this tact might interfere with the result of yesterday s col 1C A.t°St. Paul's Church tho venerable Archdoacon McCullagh selected as hia text in tho morning, Gal. titli chapter, 2nd verse—" Bear yo one anothev'a burdens, and so fulfil tho law of Christ. Tho law referred to by tho Apostlo was not <1 law dolinod by more proeopt, but a law exemplified by tho life of tho Law-giver, aud was theroforo bind ing 011 all His followers by tho strongest and most oflicacions of all moral incentives—the force of example. They were specially roquirod to assist othors in bearing two of the heaviest burdens which press so heavily on many of our fellow croatures—poverty and sickness. Thoy aid the 0110 class of sufTorers by contributing to tho Benovo lent Asylum, and tlio other class by con tributing to the hospital. After paying a high eomplimont to those entrusted with the care and instruction of tho boys in tho industrial school, and to the committee of the hospital and asylum, tho preacher concluded oy an earnest appeal for contributions in aid of the two institutions. There was a largo congregation. The collection amounted to £21 Oa. 4d. in tuo ovening the Rev. if. Swindells preached^ an eloquent and forcible sermon on tho tcxtj xo have well dono, that yo did cominunicato with my affliction." Vhil.iv. 14. The colloction amounted to nx 03. f>dM making a total from tlio church of £3G Os. lid. To this is to bo added nearly £4 already contributed by the Sunday School, and tho amount which will be contributed at the " Children's Hospital Sunday " Sorvico, which is to bo held next Sunday at three p.m. Iho choir rendered the various canticles and hymns in a very creditable manner. Tho antliom, sung in the evening, taken from Psalm 107,1st jiud^ndvoises, was sung with great taste aud expression. . At St. Andrew's Church tho Rov, A. Yule, of Carlton, preachod both morning and overling. Ill tiie morning lio took as his text from St. Mark, XIV chapter, 8th vorse, tho words. olio liatli dono what she could." Tlio words had reference to the action of Mary in pouring precious ointment on tho hoad of tho Saviour. lie rocomuionded those present to iinitato her example. What she 1 did was through thorough acquiescence in the Lord's will. She cured not for tho reproach of others so long as Ho was pleased. All Christian work and Christian giving slio'iM bo 111 obedionco to tho Lord's will. They should givo, as Mary did, thankfully and lovingly. In tlio evening (]tho services woro again con ducted by tho Rev. Mr. Yulo, who choso for his text tho words in James, 2 chapter, fith vorso— " Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith and in a very able discourse showed tlio distinction between earthly and Heavenly riches; that while tho world rogardod gold, lauds, houuos, positions, etc., as wealth, yot oven worldly people admitted that character waa a higher kind ol wealth. Those who were really rich, thb proachor contended, woro thoso who woro rich in faith, because thoy possessed tho blessing of God, the lovo of Christ, and tho guidance and protec tion of tho Holy Spirit. Tlvey had the Kingdom of God now and for over. They had the riches of a righteous spirit, tlio peaoo aud joy in tho Holy Spirit; thoy were consciously rich in faith, thoy had a perfect assurance thoir bread was givon, and their water was sure. Tlioso rich in faith woro ablo to tight tlio world, tho dovil. aud tho Hash, for tho power of Christ was in them. Worldly wealth was merely a temporary thing, but spiritual wealth could be possessed now and for all eternity, it was a never failing enjoyment and a wealth that would ever increase. Such faith was known by its works, aud in nono did faith show more than in works of kiudnoss to tho poor and needy. The total morning und ovoning collections for tho charities amountod to £2-1. At All Saints' Church thoro were lnr Rations at matins and evonsong. Tho best o( all gifts—charity—was inculcated with great forco and earnestness by tho incumbent, and the musical portion of the services had especial roferonce to almsgiving. At matins Adolph Baum bach's magnificent setting of tho "To JJoum wai. faultlessly rendered by a fine choir. The soloists woro Mrs. Caleb Thomas, Miss Meinkin, Mr. iTolly and Mr. F. Morton. At ovonsong tho canticles were rendered to Garrett in 1*, and the anthem, taken from Spohr's " Calvary," was im pressively sung by Mrs. Caleb Thomas and accom panying chorus. Both services were as usual full choral, and during tho offertory Barnby's sentences wore sung with much taste and devotional fooling by Mri. Kussoll, and Messrs. Jackson and Tawso, Mr. H. J. King was at tlio organ. Tlio ltev T. B. Garlick read the lessons, and tho Rot. John Garlick said prayors and preachod tho sormons. At tho morning sorvico ho solected as his text Galatians, vi chapter, 10th verso. Ho said that if men possessed nothing olso in common thoy should at loast liaro sympathy with human suffering. After spo.iking of somo practical re flections concerning hospitals, otc., lie referred to tho Bondigo Hospital and Asylum in particular, and to tho great claims they had on tho considera tion of tho public. In the ovoning ha solected as his toxt St. Mark, xiv chaptor, 7th vorse Ho again referred to tho claims of the Sandhurst institutions, and to tho self-denying labors of many of tho early colonists, and said that tho noble charitablo institutions woro lasting monu ments of thoir philanthropy. Tho total amount collectod at tho two services was £23 14b Sd. To this must bo added £1 2s Sd from tho Kangaroo Plat Chinese mission, and_ lis from tho Ironbark Chinese mission; total, £25 7s lid. At tho Wesloyan Church, Foresfc-stroot, services were conducted by tho Rev. J. A. M Lelland, of Elmore, lie choso for hia toit tho 3rd vorao of tho 2nd chapter of Hebrow*, "How shall wo escape if wo neglect so groat salvation." In the ovon ing tho llov. A. Powell officiated, and preached from 7th chaptor of Matthow, 20th vorso. A.t both services tliero wore good attondancos, that in the ovoning being tho better. Tho collection amounted to £17 lO.s. Tho collection at tho Sunday school will bo taken up next Sunday. At tho Chalmers' Church tho Rov. A. C. Smuli, of Daylesford, conductod both morning and ovoning services. His remarks in tho morning wero based on tho 7tli vorso of the 39th chapter of Proverbs, " The righteous couaideroth tho oauso of tho poor." The rev. gontloman preached an ex cellent and appropriate sermon, which was atten tively listened to. In tho evening lie preached from 5th chapter of first opistlo of St. I etor, 7th verso. Tho attendance in tho morning was very largo, and in the evening fair. Tho total of tne collection is £1S 8s, £13 16s 9d of which wero obtained in tho morning. Two-thirds of the amount goes to tho hospital, and tlio romamdar to the asylum. . , . Tho Salvation Army held services in tho Masonic Hall and tho Orderly Rooms. There woro four services at tho latter place. At tho first, which was held at 7 a.m., £< 8s 74d. were collectod. At the second at 11 a.m. £(> 5s. Gd. wore collected. At tho third at 3 p.m. £9 lis. 3d. were collected. At the evening sorvico at tho Masonic Hall the col lection was £10 10s. 2d., and tho total for tho day was accordingly £3S 0s. 10d. •Vt tho Congregational Church, Forest-street, tho Rev. S. 1. Green preached in tho morning from Romans, loth chapter, 1st, 2nd and 3rd verses. In the evening ho preached from Proverbs, 22nd chaptor, 2nd vorso. Tliero was * large attendance at each service. Tho amount of tlio collections was £15 10s Gd. Tho collection in tho Sunday school will be taken up on tho «oth inst. •Vt tha Baptist Church, Hargreavos-street, the Rev Mr. Wilson, of Cnstlomainfl, preached from Romans, r.th chanter, 1st aud 2nd versos. Acts, 17th chaptor, 30th and 31st verses. Thecollection amounted to about i.G, , T ... At tho Gorman Church the Rov. 1. Loypoldt preached an oloquont sermon in the morning, taking his text from Proverbs, l'Jtli chapter If th vorso, " Wer sich dor armen erbarmt leiliet dem Horrn; or wird es ilnn wiodergoben." ( lio that hath pity upon tho poor lendeth unto tho Lord; end that which ho hath given will He pay him again " Tlio preacher quoted the parable of tlie good Samaritan, and, after somo preliminary re marks, oarucstly urged tho congregation to acts of charity in general, and to liberality towards tho two local charitablo institutions in particular. In the evening tho rev. gentleman continued his interostingliistory of the Reformation mentioning Karlstad t, Erasmus, Reichlmg, Philip Mohvuchtun, tlio public dispute of Dr. lick witji Dr. Luther, | and concluding with tho arrival of tha reformer at the Wartburg, where, under tho protection of the Elector Frederic tho Wise, ho lived for some time. The collection amounted to £1» 2s. Gd. •Vt Pt John's Presbyterian Church tha Rov. W W Craig officiated at both services. Tho attendances wore fairly numerous, and tho collec tion amounted to t'3. . At the Jewish Synagogue tho services were con ducted by the Rov. I. Myers, who preached an eloquent charity sermon. Tho collection made by Mr Mvors amounted to £12. , _ * _street Mr. T. Lord preached in tho morning, and Mr. J. Green in tho evening. At tho Primitive Methodist Church, Rowan-street, tho Kev. ftl. Clarke preached in the morning, and Mr. Healoy hi the evening. At the Wade-street Primitive Methodist Church, Mr. Barrass preached in the morning and tho Rev. M. Clarke in the evening The total amount collected at these churches was &At; tho Church of Christ, TemperancoHall.Mr. W W Davey preachod from Galatians 6th chapt., iflf-'h vcr*Q Ho said Christianity was a system of pure benevolence. The founder of it l,ul stamped his own character upon it, and through it upon the world. When Peter was in tho Cornelius, the conturion, ho referred to tho well known character of Christ, as ono J.1*? •ibout doing good.' Tho church established by the Apostles was a really benevolent institution, there wero officers in it whoso duty systematic care for tile sick and needy. All the benevolent institutions of our ago were due to the roligion of Christ, even tho benevolence dis played by those who could not be really Christians was the elfect of the high moral standard Shad been established by Christianity. He further called tho attention ol his hearer* to tho benevolent designs of the religion of Christ m nrovidiuc for man's deeper needs, and making men joint heirs with Christ, exhorting all to embrace its provisions. The amount coUectcd was £1 10s. i "If the Wc-leyan Church. Goldcn-squaro, tho Rev. W. L. Blamiros preaciied in the morning, ...j 6electcd for his text tho 2nd Corinthians, Stli i m and 14th verses-" For I mean not that otlier men bo eased and yq burdened; but by ■'» 4y that there may bo equality. ilio couetuou Sunday school. . The Rev. G. M. Connor preached in the morning at the Presbyterian Church, Golden- square, from the 17th chapter of St. Luke, and from the 11th to the 19th verses. The collection amounted to £2 10s 2d. The gentleman preached in the evening from 15th chapter of St. Mark's, and from the 32nd to the the 34th verses, and £1 9s 7d was collected, making the total £4. The Rev. Mr. Connor conducted service at the Presbyterian Church, Kangaroo Flat, yesterday afternoon. His text was chosen from the 19th of St. John, and the 25th to 27th verses. The collection was £1 1s. At St. Mary's Church, Kangaroo Pint, Mr. W; Sinnatt preached in the morning, and iiolected his text from the Gth chapter of Galatians, and the 2nd verso, u Bear ye one anotlior's burdens, and bo fulfil tho law of Christ." The sum of £S 7s was subscribed. Tho Rev. B. lloed conducted tho ovoning'a sorvico, and [iroachod from tho Gth chapter of St. John, and tho 27th verso. The opening's collection was £2 3s 7d, making tho total £D10s7d. , „ t, At St. Stophon's Church, Lockwood, tho Rov. 15\. Rood proached, and tho sum of £2 2b was ' The pulpit at tho Wosloyan Church, Kangaroo Flat, was occupied by Mr. Androws, who proached from the Oth chapter of Jeremiah, and tho 10th verso—"Thus saith the Lord, stand yo in tho ways and seo, and ask for tho old paths whore is tho good way and walk therein, and yo shall tind rest for your souls. But tlioy said, wo will not walk therein." Tho collection was £1 'Is. 3u. Mr. 1 larkness preached in tho ovening to a largp con gregation. liis text was choson from the tirst epistle of Peter, 1st chapter, and 10th verse— But with tho precious blood of Christ as of a lamb witliout blemish and without spot. Tho collec tion in the evening was ill 15a 9d. Total amount, At th# Bible Christian Church, McKonzio-streot, Messrs. Healoy and Martin conducted the morning service from the 4th chapter of Hebrews and tlio Oth verse —" There romaius a rest to the people or God." Tho collection was £1 4s. In the evening tho Rev. Mr. Trowin preached from the loth chapter of St. Luke from tho 11tli to the -4th verse, the parable of the prodigal s son. Tho evening's collection wan £1 lis, making tno total £2 15s. The morning service at tho Wesleyan Church, California Gully was conducted by Mr. Richards, who delivered an iuipressi*u senium from tho 10th chapter of Acts, and the 38th verso, 'How God anointed Jeaus of Nazareth with tho Holy Ghost and with power, who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of tho Uevil, for God was with him." Tlio Rov. Blamiroa preached in tho evening from the 8th chapter ot the Second Corinthians, and tho 14th verso. Iho total amount of the collections was £7 4s 7d. At the Bible Christian Church, Long Gully, tlio Rov. Alfred olliciatod in tho morning and preached from 2nd Kpistlo of St. Peter, 3rd chapter, 18th verso.. In the ovening Mr. Barris occupied tno pulpit and preached from 1st Psalm, 1st verse. Thoro was a good attendance at oach sorvico. At tho Wesley an Church, Long Gully, the Rov. A. Powell occupied the pulpit in tlio morning, and proachcd from ^fattiiew, 7th chapter, 20tli verso. At tlio evoning sorvico Mr. J. Inch olliciated, selecting as his text Jeroniiah, 2lst chaptor. 8th verso. The sum of ft! 15s. 3d. was collected. Tliero was a good attondanco at each service. At St. Luke's, White Hills, tho Rov. G. H. ICirk olliciated at tho ovening and only service, preaching uu oxcolloiit uiirmon from IjuUo, lGtli chapter, 2nd verso The amount of tho collection At tiio Eprom Church of England Mr. J. Itilsby preached at tlio morning and wily sorvico. The toxt was taken from Galatians, Oth chaptor, 2nd vorse. Tho collection was 8s. Ud. At tho Huntly Church of tho same denomina tion the Rev. Mr. ICirk preached from James, 2nd chaptor, 2nd vorse. Tho colloetion amounted tP 10At7'tho Wosloyan Church, Huntly, Mr. Allen preached at tlio morning service, taking his toxt from tho 12th chapter of Matthow 14th verBO. iho collection was Gs. Ud. At tho evening sorvico Mr. Palmer olliciated, taking his toxt from tho 31st chaptor latter part of 14th vorso of Joromiah. Tho collection was 14s. 2d. . ' At tho Epsom Wosloyan Church Mr, Roid preached in tlio morning, tho collection being 12s. In the ovoning Mr. Stanley preached, tho collec tion boiug 15s. At tho Beudigo Hospital tho sum of £7 4s. 7-Jd. was collected from tho ollicers and sorvants, and visitors during the day. At tho White Hills Wosloyan Church Mr. Stanley preached in tlio morning and Mr. Roid. in tho ovoning. Tho total collection was 34s 4sd. At tho United Methodist Froo Church, Calvin streot, Mr. Wilson proachod in tho morning, and tho Rev. Mr. Green iu tho evening, selecting as his toxt the words " What shall it profit a man^if ho gain tlio wholo world and loaoth his own soul. THE COLLECTIONS. Horoundor wo publish a statomontof tho amounts received in tho various churches, as compared with tho result of last year:- ^ ^ Sandhurst— £ a- d. £ „ Collection in reserve ... 112 15 9J ... 99 10 10J St. Andrew's 33 0 0 ... 0 0 St. Kilian'a 7G 13 0 ... 80 0 0 All Saints' 12 0 0 ... 25 7 11 St Paul's 35 6 G ...; 30 0 9| Congregational 11 0 G ... 15 10 Wesleyan, Forest-street 22 7 10 ...17 10 0 P. Methodist, Rowan-st. 2 18 0 ... 215 3 Baptist 3 •.. 60 0 Temperanco Hall ... 3 G O .1 Ijj 11 Lutheran ... ... 15 H J? ••• ^ Jj Ilobrow Congregation... 13 0 0 .0. 12 0 0 St. John's Presbyterian -7 0 '0 ... '3 0 0 Chalmors'Church ... 25 16 4 ... 18 8' 0 Salvation Army ... — ••• •>>> 0 10 OOLDKH-seUARH— ' o Wesloyan Church ... 9 9 li ' .8 15 0 Presbytorian ... ... 1 ll12 0' .i. 4 0 0 Kanoakoo Flat— • _ ,A J St. Mary's - ~- g *j •£. Wosloyan 2 13 11 ... 8 0 0 Prosbyterian ... 1 5 0 ' 11 « Long Gully— . „ ' • ,_ „ Wosloyan 4 S 3 ... ,-0 15 3 California Gullt— Wesleyan ... ••• ® 10 ... T ' 7 St. Luke's, Ch.Kngland 1 17 9 ... Mihoellankous— Bible Christians—Long ; Glly, California GUy, and M'Kenzio-street . 6 12 10 ; Wesloyan, Yankee Ck. 0 15 10 ... ... Hospital collection box 3 1 J 7 * 7a Chinese Church England 0 15 9 ... Methodistt CllUIlOHKS— Buckley-street — — # Calvin-streot 3 0 ? ... r Ironbark H0 4 2 6 5 Wndo-ati'cot 0 18 1 ... 1 - J St. Stophon's, Lockwood —: Wesloyan, White Hills — Bible Christian, M'Kon /.ie-streot ' ' •• ? 15 0 St. Luke's,-White Hills ^ J X 11 Wesloyan, Huntly ... 0 18 BJ; " 1 0 11 Wesleyan, Epsom ... 0 7 9 ... I1 7 u Ch'rch England, Kpsom — •••. O » » Ch'rch England, Huntly — ••• 1)111 ' Sun day Schools— • ; Wesloyan, G'don-squaro 119 3 ... St. Paul's - - I ° " Pr'byterian, G'n-squaro — ,2 2 0 *1.14 4), Totals ...£40a 18 li...£159 2 74 Not yet to hand. . 