n@ Bjâmeyite im CmmcM* THE Americans are proverbially a "blowing" people; even their advertisements commonly announce the thing advertised to be the greatest or best of its kind .in the world. Well, there is something to be said in extenuation of this prevailing, but not very amiable trait in the national character. Undoubtedly they are a wonderful people, and have some reason to be proud of their superiority in some things. I. have already written of the widely extended commerce of Chicago ; but 1 should like to furnish yow with a few figures more strikingly illustrative of the magnitude of the business transacted at the Union Stock Yards. During the year 1881 there were received at these yards, from various parts of the country, 1,498,550 head of cattle ; 48,948 calves ; 6,474,844 fat hogs, each of the average -weight j of 242 lbs. ; 493,624 sheep ; and 12,909 horses. The lvalue of this enormous quantity of live stock was £183,007,710 dollars, equal to £36,601,542. These figures exhibit the gigantic operations in this one department of trade much better than any verbal description. On the 8th August I bade farewell to Chicago. Making my way to the Michigan Central Depot I was soon on my way to the City of Detroit. We ran along a fine fertile country, diversified with frequent townships and cities, to enumerate which would be tedious. L will not attempt to describe the scene in detail-the broad fields, growing crops, smiling homesteads, and their comfort- . able surroundings, for all this sort of thing has often been done before, and better than I could do it ; but I ought, perhaps, to say something about the peculiarities of railway travelling in America. In Australia the tra- veller takes his seat, and, with the exception of friendly conversation with a fellow traveller, finds little or nothing to break the monotony of his journey ; but not so in America : not long after the train leaves the depots a peripatetic salesman makes his appearance with various kinds of wares. First he makes a rapid tour of the cars with boxes of cigars, seemingly impressed with the conviction- that everybody ought to smoke. If unsuccessful in this branch of business he disappears for a few moments, but soon returns with "an entire new stock," a total change of programme : now he is laden with books-depositing a volume on each seat occupied by a traveller as he goes along ; this is to tempt you to turn over the leaves and perhaps become suffi- ciently interested to make a purchase. If you tell him you never read while travelling by rail he will probably reply, " Sorry to hear.it, sir, most great men do. Just look over my list ; all first-class works, by authors of established fame." Having exhausted the possibilities of trade in this department he again disappears, and you lean back in your seats and stretch out your legs, thinking you are to be left in peace, and may do some quiet thinking ; but no, here is the persevering hawker again-this time with packets of candies. You shake your head, and tell him confectionery does not agree with you. He expresses his surprise ; and, as if inspired with a new idea, he departs, only to return again imme- diately with peaches, pears, and oranges,- " Here's what will suit you, sir ; three for a quarter !" You can hold out no longer ; you surrender at discretion, and make a purchase, and the vendor passes on with the self: satisfied air of a man who has done his duty. I It was towards evening when I reached Detroit. The next morning I sallied forth, to take a look at the city. Originally it was a French Mission station, founded as far back as 1670-but it has outgrown its primitive pro- portions. It is situated .on the banks of the Detroit River, or rather strait, for it is the connecting link between Lakes Erie and St. Clair. It is a noble stream, varying in width from half a mile to a mile, and is the best harbour on the entire chain of the Great Lakes. The city extends along the banks about seven miles, and runs back from the water about two miles and a half. The plan of the city is somewhat puzzling to a stranger. Avenues radiate from a circle, the centre of which is the Grand Circus ; and in other parts of the City the streets intersect at right angles ; but the embarrassment to the stranger of this compound plan is counterbalanced by the number of little parks and enclosures which are the results of the arrangement, and which greatly adorn the city. There are some fine buildings- parti- cularly the City Hall, facing the Campus Martius ; the Custom House and Post Office ; the Board of Trade Building ; and the Michigan Central Freight Depot. This last mentioned structure is 1.250 feet long and 102 wide, without partition or pillar - a vast apart- ment covered with a self-supporting iron roof. There are also some very fine churches ; and, altogether, Detroit, though not so large and bustling as Chicago, is a very beautiful and attractive city, and is a place of great trade. After a sojourn at the " City of the Straits," as Detroit is sometimes called, I resumed my journey by the Great Western. The train, on reaching the banks of the river, was taken across, minus the engine, in a huge ferry boat, to the City of Windsor on the Cana- dian shore. The Detroit River or strait forms the boundary at this point, between the United States and the Dominion of Canada. Only the breadth of the river separates the two cities, but the different charac- teristics of their respective inhabitants places them (Continued on page IS.) (Continued from page 15.) much farther apart. I could not but notice the differ- ence in the aspect of the two cities : Detroit all bustle, business, and push ; Windsor quiet and apparently unprogressive. This much however must be said in extenuation of the comparative stagnation of the English city-it stands on an isthmus, and consequently has not command of the same extent of back country as is enjoyed by its American rival ; and, after all, it is the country that makes the town. The ride through this part of the Canadian country was very pleasant ; the landscape, though devoid of features of prominent interest, is thoroughly rural ; and the names of the settlements through which we passed - London, St. Catherines, Chatham, &c;, awakened pleasant memories of the old country. Towards evening I arrived at the Suspension Bridge which spans the Niagara River, and made my way to the Clifton House Hotel on the Canadian side. Some have said that a first view of the Palls excited emotions similar to those which we may suppose a necro- mancer to feel when he stands within the magic circle, for the first time confronted with the spectre he has summoned ; bat I must confess my innocence of such high-wrought feelings. 1 first gazed upon the Falls with something like disappointment ; but the grandeur pf the scene grows upon you. Familiarity in this case, instead of breeding contempt, enhances one's concep- tion of this natural wonder. The windows of my room at the hotel looked right upon the American Fall, and I had leisure to gaze and admire. Formerly, when day- light vanished, the enjoyment of the tourist was sus- i pended until the morrow's dawn ; but not so now : as , the twilight deepened into night I was surprised to see i the waters reflecting vivid colours-now a deep red, j presenting the appearance of a torrent of blood ; anon j a pale green,- and ere long a yellowish hue ; the crests of the billows formed by the rapids above the Falls looking like fiery demons struggling to be first in the race ; while the clouds of spray, ever rising from the gulf below, caught the changing tints, and presented a scene that baffles description,-"wonderfully beautiful, weird, and sublime." I ascertained the cause of this illumination : the authorities employ eighteen electric lights, with shifting coloured glasses, to pour their brilliant rays from different angles upon the cascade, thus adding artificial beauty to the natural majesty of the scene. The Canadian, or Horse-shoe Fall, is larger than the American : the latter is 900 feet across, with a drop of 164 feet ; the former is 1900 feet across, with a drop of 158 feet. Professor Lyell computed that fifteen hundred millions of cubic feet of water pass over this fall every hour. You may imagine the noise produced by these contiguous cascades. If all the lions roaming over the continent of Africa were to unite in chorus I ques- tion if they could equal the deep diapason of this grand organ of nature. Table Rock, from which a specially good view of the Falls used to be obtained, has disappeared ; it was a crag overhanging the abyss, but, some time ago, loosened from its bed by the action of the water, it fell with a tremendous crash. It was a providential thing the catastrophe did not occur an hour or two earlier in the day. The engineer who subsequently designed the Victoria bridge and superintended its construction, and who projected the Grand Trunk Railway and other great undertakings, together, with some friends, had been standing on the treacherous granite a short time before it fell. Had he been precipitated into the seething gulf the works he accomplished might still have been amongst the.dreams of the future, instead of being existing realities. The Cave of the Winds is still accessible to adven- turous tourists, and, by descending the slippery cause- way, they can stand behind the falling water ; but I did not choose to run the risk, being satisfied with the front view. I rode along the Canadian shore, above the Horse Shoe Fall ; to see the foaming Rapids is almost as interesting as the cascade itself. I also visited the Burning Spring-a singular natural curiosity-a spring of water impregnated with inflammable gases. A shaft has been sunk over the spring, and no sooner is a light lowered down than the gases ignite and give to the water the appearance of liquid fire. The man in charge inserted an iron tube down the shaft and placed a cambric handkerchief, borrowed from a visitor, over the upper orifice : he then held a lighted match above ; the gases rising up the tube immediately took fire and burnt furiously, but the handkerchief itself was unin- jured ; it was returned to the owner without smell of fire or sign of scorch. Some distance below the Falls, on the Canadian side, are the Grand Rapids and the Whirlpool. The Rapids are literally what the name implies : for nearly two hundred and fifty feet the cliffs rise almost perpendicu- larly, forming a narrow pass through which the waters rush with dreadful speed, foaming and dashing against the rocks that have for ages withstood the shock. The whirling torrent, hemmed in by the silent cliffs, seems as it roars along, to be crying out in agony for more room. In the most contracted part of the channel the white-crested waves rise higher and higher in the centre, as if struggling for pre-eminence, and lashing them- selves into foam at last find their way into the compara- tively calm road beyond the gorge. The Whirlpool is a -wild weird spot : the ravine forming the approach is called the " Bloody Run," because of a sanguinary encounter that once took place there between two hostile Indian tribes ; here the waters of Niagara, as if exhausted by the furious strug- gle of the Rapids, and made giddy by the Falls, swirl round and round in ceaseless eddies. No human effort could rescue the unfortunate individual who should happen to become entangled in this treacherous pool. A melancholy and romantic history is connected with this place. If I was quite sure that your readers had never heard of "The Hermit of the Falls" I would ecount the tale at length ; but assuming that many have heard it before, and fearing to occupy too much of your space, I give but the outline of the well authenticated story. Some years ago a young stranger, of prepossessing personal appearance and cultivated mind, took up his abode in a rude hut constructed by himself, near Prospect Point. His chief occupation and absorbing delight was communion with Niagara, j " Here he might be seen at all hours of the day and I night a fervent worshipper. At the grey dawn he went to visit the Falls in their veil of mist ; at noon he banqueted in the full splendour of their glory ; beneath the soft tinting of the lunar bow he lingered, looking for the angel whose pencil had painted it ; and at solemn midnight he knelt at the same shrine but the end was tragic in the extreme-I quote it in full : " He was fond of bathing, and indulged daily. On a bright but rather chilly day in the month of June a man ; employed about the ferry saw him go into the water, and for a long time after observed his clothes to be still lying on the bank -, the poor hermit had taken his last bath. It was supposed that cramps might have been induced by the chill of the atmosphere or the water ; but still the body was not found, the depth and force of the current below being exceedingly great. In the course of their search they passed on to the whirlpool ; there, amidst those swirling eddies, was the body, making fearful and rapid gyrations upon the face of the black waters. At some point of suction it sud- denly plunged and disappeared ; again emerging it was fearful to see it leap half its length above the flood, then float motionless, as if exhausted, and anon spring upward and seem to struggle like a maniac battling with a mortal foe. For days and nights this terrible scene was prolonged. It was not until the 21st of June that, after many efforts, they were able to recover the body and bear it to his desolate cottage. There they found his faithful dog gnawing the door. Heavily had the long period worn away while he watched for his only friend, and wondered why he delayed his coming. He scrutinized the approaching group suspiciously, and would not willingly have given them admittance. Á stifled wail at length shewed his intuitive knowledge of his master, whom the work of death had effectually disguised from the eyes of man. On the pillow was his pet kitten, and in different parts of the room were his guitar, flute, violin, portfolio, and books scattered -the books open, as if recently used, tt was a touching sight : the hermit mourned by his humble retainers, the poor animals that loved him, and the body ready to be laid by strange hands in a foreign grave. The motives that led this singular and accomplished being, learned in the languages, in the arts and sciences, im- proved by extensive travel, and gifted with personal beauty and a feeling heart, to seclude himself in the flower of youth from human society, are still enveloped in mystery. All that is known is that his name was Francis Abbott, that he was a native of England (where his father was a clergyman), and that he received from thence ample remittances for his comfort. These facts had been previously7 ascertained, but no written papers were found in his cell to throw additional light upon the obscurity in which he has so effectually wrap- ped the history of his pilgrimage." It was in 1678 that the Indians conducted Father Hinnessin to Niagara Falls ; he was the first European who gazed upon the natural wonder. How many thou- sands have since visited the celebrated spot, many of them perhaps indulging such thoughts as these : " Still do these waters roll, and leap, and roar, and tumble all day long ; still are the rainbows spanning them a hundred feet below ; still, when the sun is on them do they shine and glow like molten gold ; still, when the day is gloomy, do they fall like snow, or seem to crumble away like the front of a great chalk cliff, or roll down the rock like dense white smoke ; but always does the mighty stream appear to die as it comes down, and always from the unfathomable grave arises that tremendous ghost of spray and mist which is never laid, which has haunted the place with the same dread solemnity since darkness brooded over the deep, and that first flood before the deluge-Light came rushing on creation at the word of God." I do not wonder that the Indians regarded Niagara with superstitious awe. If a cultured Christian gentle- man could express his emotions thus :-" I have seen it in most of its summer aspects ; I have gazed upon the marvellous panorama from the rapids above to the whirlpool below ; I have looked up to it from the river, and down upon it from the Terrapin Tower ; I have bathed in its light and been drenched with its spray ; I have dreamed over it through the hot afternoon, and have heard it thunder in the watches of the night. On all the headlands, and on all the islands, I have stood entranced and wondering whilst the mist has shrouded it, and while the sun has broken it into rainbows. I have seen it fleecy as the snow-flake, deepening into the brightest emerald, dark and leaden as the angriest November sky ; but in all its moods there is instruction, solemnity, delight. Stable in its perpetual instability ; changeless in its everlasting change ; a thing to be "pondered in the heart," like the revelation to the meek virgin of old, with no pride in the brilliant hues that are woven in its eternal loom ; with no haste in the majestic roll of its waters ; with no weariness in its endless psalm-it remains through the eventful years an embodiment of unconscious power, a living inspiration of thought, and poetry, and worship - a magnificent apocalypse of God. " If such were the emotions excited in the mind of a civilized Christian man what wonder that the untutored red Indians were wont to pay peri- odical visits to the Falls as to the home of the Great Spirit, and seek to propitiate him by the sacrifice of an Indian maiden launched on the current in a canoe laden with flowers to meet inevitable death in the crushing embraces of the watery god ! To bleach sheepskin parchment white, expose the pieces to strong sunlight under glass in a moist atmosphere, taking care they are perfectly dry before being used. 