? KNOCKNAGOWY OB, THBHOJtES OF tlWERARY. By o. J- KICKHAM. CHAPTER LI.—(Continued.) Vnuvsv KIB^Y did not sleep as soundly iron»that nigW and m the mom- M f nacine Up and down by the ** he _o.ii TJJfbfforl, lone before there snere were any MIJ fair xau 6 nJ to 'epeoakte' upon among the Sera He saw Mat Donovan at some 3 nmati nn her' War from the Back a^it « d fr him that Mat InUhB able to learn something about the old ^ o U n andfiiB Ms daughter ,for him. hbn But Zt ™th with his his purchase purchase tied tied up up in in his his wd '> colton . pocket-handkerchief, _-..w.itiuii11rAfnhie(. was was orone gone hrfoK) he oould come near enough to; speak to hirn, and he - put it off till he should fall in with him in the course nf the day. But during the morning and afternoon he looked about in vain for a sight of Mat Donovan. In the evening he recogthe rocks at the Boat-cove, and leaving Father Carroll and Arthur. O'Connor to comment upon Tom Steele's remarkable speech at the last 'usual weekly meeting' of the 'Loyal National Repeal Association,' made his way over the slippery seaweed, and, after conerat-uliting the old weaver on his good looks, inquired of Bessy whether she had seen Mat Donovan during the day. , ' I saw him buying cockles on. the- strand early in the morning,' he added,' but I have not seen him since.' 'He went home to-day, sir, Bessy answered, looking very innocent and unconscious. , And the fact was, at that identical moment, Willie Kearnev and Tommy Lahy, sitting by the side of a hay-cook in the kiln- field, were grinding those same cockles one against another and greedily devouring them; while Ellie was rolling the most beautiful' pair' of jackstones (consisting of five) ever seen, between her hands; and Jack Delany's twins were making desperate efforts to choke themselves with two monstrous lobster-claws— cockles -and jackstones and lobster-claws being presents from Mat the Thrasher, who was just then expatiating upon the virtjies of a peculiar kind of sand, a small bag of which he was the happy possessor of, for sharpening a scythe, and holding forth in his own expressive and felicitous manner upon the wonders of the mighty deep, to the amazement and delight of Tom Maker and Barney Brodherick. And at that moinent, too, Kit Cummins left off abasing her next-door neighbour, and, pushing, her dishevelled hair under her cap of dubiotb hue, Stood outside her own door, and addressing "IBlKnocknagow, gave it as her private opinion that Mrs. Kearney looked younger-•and rosier than 1 her own daughters 'afther the wather' — L an opinion which' no one in Knocknagow ventured to contradict, unless a suppressed ' gir-r-r-r-ont, you bla'puafd,' from the nextr door neighbour, .might be taken as an expression of dissent. ' It spems Mrs. Eearney is gone home,' said Edmund, after returning to his oompanions. ' I'm sorry I did not see them,' . ' They were wondering why you did not make your appearance anywhere last evening,* returned Father Carroll. '' I Wftnted to persnade Arthur to spend the' evetiing with them, as you could not be found, but he would not. And, by the way, I see Sir Thomas Butler's death announced in this paper.' ' What haB that to do with my refusal?' 1 Arthur asked. 'He was Maurioe Kearney's landlord,' returned Father. CarrolL ' It may be a matter.pf gome consequence to them.' Edmund, seeingthe fisherman, in whose house he took sheltartrom the rain the evening before, coming np from the cove with a boat-hook on his shoulder, "haBtened to meet him.- The man immediately presented him with a letter. ; < Are they gone?! Edmund asked, after glancing at its contents. ' They wentearly&ismoniing;, sir,' replied tie fisherman. ' : ' Where?! Edmjmd asked eagerly. t 'The Lord knows,' returned the Sherman. ' An' the Lord : bless" 'iemwhefcever they fco, for they behavedwelltp ns, any way. - • There was some great newsin tljat letter I brought from Waterford yesterday^ /but when my wife tn^de. thp same reijiflrJ^ jthsjr said; The pound-pote was enolosetl ''in the' letter whioh Edmund nowbeldUbislu^if. Bift there was no signature, mo blue by yhioh he oonld hoj» Wtraoe them;feniyi&e;'#onlB: "any; many -thenk£—but wetdo< not now require it.-. May. God bless yen for your «Mneis. "WoihaUnejwrjfQrgetit.'. . Aud «0 6nde my dr9am|' thpogbt,• Edmund. 'But, something teUs [:mel' ahull meethwagain. ' WttOT%r f,hU Maieuof mind not to be Idia'ofmVsk^hr R was a, wonderfully true likeness. I wonder had Hie ma^a B^fitph.of,^: Dia, yon remark that girlwithnheflldflute-^ay^fl^y^ asked aloud as he^kbrtupwith Arthur, who aeemed to^ have bis fowm anowi» r at ithe foment., . ~ T , ' •No,' said Arthur, looking surprised. * She was singulkrly fair; and her eyes were blue.' ' There must have been something the matter with your eyes,' returned Edmnnd. * I never saw such a pair of blaok ones in all my life.' ' Oh, you mean the girl that seemed to be his daughter.' ' Of course I do. Did you ever see such eyes ?' •Well, yes. They reminded me of my oourin Annie, of whom we were talking the other evening.' ' Then, by all means keep out of their Way —if you would not endanger your vocation,' said Edmund, laughing. Arthur O'Connor looked grave, and made no reply. He knew he had no vocation for the Churoh. But he thought of his mother, and resolved to strive and pray for it. 'This plaoe is infernally dull, after all,' yawned Edmund Kiely. ' I'm tired of it already.' One gloomy day in the following winter, Arthur was' pounding' for the examinations, in his room in — : — College, when Father Carroll was'announced. • Come over to the Ursuline Convent with me,' said he after shaking bands with the student. ' I'm going to see Sister Clare.' . Sister Clare received her reverend brother and his friend with bright smiles of welcome, and after innumerable inquiries about friends at home and abroad, she exclaimed, in reply to a question of Father Carroll's—' Oh, I'll bring her down to you,' and left the room. Arthur was so occupied examining a painting of the Virgin, copied, Sister Clare had just told him, by one of the nuns, from an original of one of the old masters which a gentleman in the neighbourhood had lent to them, that he was not aware of Sister Clare's return to the room till he heard Father Carroll say— ' She is keeping up the beauty, I see.' ' Oh, she'll be quite spoiled,' returned the nun. ' Every one talks of her beauty.' Arthur turned round ; and if the picture he had been examining had moved its lips or its eyes, his look oould scarcely have expressed greater astonishment. Yet there was nothing in the least miraculous to excite his wonder. ' Don't you know Arthur O'Connor P Father Carroll asked. ' No,' was the low, hesitating reply. ' What is it all about ?' exclaimed Father Carroll. ' Te both look as if ye had seen a ghost. This is my cousin, Miss Kearney; BO don't be afraid.' 'I saw Miss Kearney once before,' returned Arthur; bnt I did not know who she was.' 'I remember,' said Mary, with a smile and a blush. ' Where was it!" Father Carroll asked. * In Tramore,' Mary answered. < Would you like to hear her play ?' said Sister Clare, . _ , < Do give us a tune, Mary, said Father Carroll. ' Though I don't know I'll care much for your music after Flaherty. He was at Major Frenoh's a few weeks ago, and did me the hononr of ooming over for an hour or two occasionally—but it was in oomplimeat to your mother and her uncle Dan, who, next to Sir Garrett Butler, he says, was the best friend ever he had.' Mary went to the piano, and after a little hesitation and embarrassment oommenced an Irish melody, and played it with such feeling that Father Carroll exclaimed—' You really play very well, Mary. And one would think you wanted to rival Flaherty. That is his favonrite tune; and you play it in his manner. -Did you-ever hear him?' •No, I never heard Mr. Flaherty play, though I often wished to hear him,' Mary replied. 'She ought to play that air well,' Sister Clare observed, 'for she is oontinually practising it. Edmund Kiely was here .lately, and he would not let her play any- ; thing bnt the' Coulin,' the ' Coulin,' over and 0 t ?Ha! is that the way the wind blow«P' said Father Carroll. ! . Mary bent her head and laughed, but made no reply. , After this Arthur O'Connor and Mary Kearney became great friends. Be 'spent a week at Christmas at Ballinaolash; and two weeks in the summer—'besides meeting her • at the sea-Bide. Ob, those sea-side musings and communings I But then Arthur's mother openly accused Mary of trying to lure her son from the high and holy path he 'had entered upon; an aeousation which.so i pained abd shooked the gentle girl that ahe insisted upon breaking off all further intercourse with him. Her brother Htigh approved of her resolution, and even Arthur ; himself admitted that she was right. He ; pursued his studies industriously, and was [among the students of -—- College chosen jto be'sent to Maynoofch at the examinations j which tbok place a week or two before Sir Garrett Butler's nephew did Maurioe, [Kearney tbe fconotir of becoming his guest. | Arthur, however, > preferred the* . Irish j College at Paris to Maynooth, andwas on' jtiis way to spend' a, day or two with gather. Carroll bpfore leaving. Ireland,' when he. chanced to eee -Barney Brb&herick.and; his "JjhrcOojakey,. W.the mam-streeft of Sm-; Wfj^^'Tflim'wM'iome'jMy i^rt^ewj lie had'(Ordered; and, as^e L J by the Cottrge. on his way to Father; life, the : wish to sec-Maty Kearney onofi' &6rc, and ; bid her good-bye,' becaine so jetrong. that he wrote a haaty line, asking her to be^at thelittle, window infthe ineS) gable its" ehake liirid* Withi hint If-ahe; had no jobieotioni fce<i<aid;ihB!aid likeito i800 herwA r?, ^ bf fcBa.ifcefcwsj tongues might be busy if he called in the usual way, he would be satisfied with a goodbye from the garden. He gave the note to Barney, who thrust it into his hat, and as a matter of course, forgot to deliver it till Mary's question, the evening after, reminded him of it, when she waB wondering whose could be those mysterious footprints in the snow from under her window to the Btile behind the laurels. •And now he is gone!' said Mary, after reading the note. Yes, he was gone ; and in by no means a happy frame of mind. And now the reader knows more of the tracks in the snow than Mr. Henry Lowe ; to whom we will return, just to see him safe out of Tipperary ; that is, so far as his bones are concerned. But we do not by any means vouch for the wholeness of the young gentleman's heart. CHAPTER LII. THE BULL-BAIT. THE CABBICK-JTAN AND HIS DOO "TBT7EB0Y." LOEY PUNISHES BEEES- FOBD PENDER, AND BIDES HOME BEHIND ME. BOB LLOYD, ON THE OBEY HUNTER. MISS LLOYD INVOLUNTABILY SITS DOWN. MB. HKNRY LOWE is pacing slowly and thoughtfully up and down the box-bordered walk in the little garden at the end of the cottage. He stops occasionally to gaze upon the blue mountains; and once or twice he stood upon the stile behind the laurels, and looked along the road towards the hamlet, But, whether gazing at the mountain, or looking along the road, or pacing the boxbordered walk, Mr. Henry Lowe's mind's eye is ever turned to the little window in the ivied gable. As the day of his departure drew nearer and nearer he had been watching for an opportunity to speak to Mary Kearney alone. But, whether it happened by accident or design, he never could find the opportunity he sought. She was always accompanied by Grace or Ellie ; and once or twice, when he met her by herself, she found some excuse for going away before he could screw up his courage to the sticking point. There was nothing to hinder him from saying at onoe and in plain words that he wished to have a minute's private conversation with her; but he couldn't make up his mind to take what he considered so deoided a step. He wished to feel his way a little, and would prefer a casual meeting. But the fates seemed to be against him. Ho had observed that Mary was in the habit of walking alone in the garden about this hour every day; but until this morning the doctor or Hugh was always with him at the time, and he conld find no excuse for leaving tbem. ' Now,' he thought—looking at his watch and finding that it was past tbe hour when she was accustomed to take her walk—' now, if she does not come out as usual, I must conclude she is purposely avoiding me.' The thought at first gave him a twinge of pain ; but on reflection he said to himself that, if she were indifferent about him, she would not keep out of his way at all. He found consolation in this last-mentioned reflection, and continued his walk and his reverie. He thought that, if he were a man of property, he would, beyond all doubt, marry the beautiful daughter of his uncle's principal tenant, or that if he had not given up his intention of becoming a olergyman— and if Miss Kearney's religion were not an awkward stumblinjr-block in the way—what a happy quiet life he could live with her in some snug parsonage upon as many hundred i pounds a year as he oould get! Bnt as both the property and the parsonage were out of the question, he oonld see nothing better that iwas at all practicable under present circumstances than a very sentimental love affair, involving vuluminons correspondence, with a dim vista of something turning up in the distant future that might prove a substitute for the property which he had not, or the parsonage which it was now too late to think of. His reveries were interrupted by the opening of the garden gate, and Mr. Lowe looked up quickly; but ft was not Mary, but her young brother, Willie, bearing the accomplished jay in its wicker cage in his armB, followed by Elbe with her goldfinch. The day was sufficiently soft and sunny to suggest to Ellie that both the goldfinch and the jay would like a little fresh air and sunBhine. Grace was just then practising a new song, Mid Ellie -knew it would be useless asking her to trouble herself even about her own jay—* My dear * — Willie's services were engaged. He laid the wicker cage on a rustic seat near the laurels, while Ellie climbed upon the back of the seat to hang her little green cage upon a, nail .Which she had driven into the trunk of,an : ash tree, sufficiently high, as she thought. to save her bird from the. old grey cat, who | sometimes came prowling about that wav, I Tommy Lahy had offered to catch the old Wey cat and rub his nose agamstthe wires !th it bled freely, by way of warning; -hut Itbis Ellie positively objected,to, as there WM j nb overt act to prove that the did grey cat entertained any felbnixJvm intentions whatever ! against her goldfinch. '. _ . , i At first Mr. Lowe felt annoyed when he j saw they intended maWng an indefimtosU* 'in the garden; but then it occurred.fcium ! their presence would not. interfere with his ; IcpnyeWon Witt their $star, the, contrary, would' mafa W ^ d ^ f t ; ® So terloofaa at bis Wftttfcj j^JHri. WK aiiother turn up and" dawn ndw ' theBe tantalising track* m oatire into his head; for tl^hbusanati atne. - Whirt ew&FHieyinean; P TKe^flea-Aat^w waea «lord • • »••_« of the j.1——» valley..- WOO came -.. . WHB ««alse vowa? as firaceusiiggest^ thought, utterly ffistoA ' EtZ-J't?' oetZasite e&xkar; tbafc (thprej^a^^^li not, however, look upen any of j the young men whom from time to time he had seen trying to make themselves agreeable—and to all of whom she was equally graoious—as likely to prove a very dangerous rival. Not one; not even the stylish young man in topboots, with tho horse-shoe pin in his Ecarf, whoso astonished him by touching his-hat aud addressing him. as ' your honour.' It scarcely amounted to coxcombry in Mr. Lowe to feel pretty well satiefied that he himself held a high place iu Miss Kearney's esteem, and that,, in fact, if anyone held a higher, it was her brother Hugh. He wondered at her taste in regard to Hugh; but, of course, was not going to be jealous of her brother. Yot a brother may sometimes prove d mote formidable rival than lovers drea of; particularly when the world in generate so stupid as not to recognise hissuper-extclleat qualities—which happened to be tho cass iu this instance. She was ant;ry witii her lady acquaintances that they did not full down and worship him. And it must b? admitted she was sometimes angry witii • gh f .r n^t being as enthusiastic as he o'i •''< to l»> :i'rout one or two dear friends of hers, who, she thought, had the good taste to appreciate him. There was one in particular with whom she was sure he ought to have fallen in love. On one occasion this yonng lady, when presenting Mary with a bunoh of flowers, ran to the end of the lawn for a little sprig of hawthorn, and secured it in the nosegay; a rather odd proceeding, seeing that both sides of the road nearly all the way from the residence of the young lady to Baliinaclash were white with hawthorn blossoms. But the mystery was cleared up in tbe most satisfactory manner when she whispered into Mary's ear that tho hawthorn was for Hugh ; for all the world—except Hugh himself— knew that hawthorn blossom was "emblematic of hope,' Hugh, however, took the blossom with a smile ; and jtfnry said grave.y, " She was in oarncst." To which Hugh just a3 gravely replied, ' Of course.' Whereupon Mary became indignant, and told him sho did not know ' what to make of him,' and that no one could know ' what was in his mind ;' and that she did not see why people should be ' bothering their heads about him,' with more to the same effect. Nevertheless, Mr. Lowe was not far wrong in suspecting that Miss Kearney made her eldest brother the standard by. which she measured other men. He was glancing again at the window when his olfactory nerves detected the odour of the fragrant weed, and on looking towards the gate he saw the doctor leisurely approaching with his hands in his pockets. 'What a fine day it is for this Benson tho doctor observed, waving away a little bluocloud that almost' stood still before his face,, and then stopping to admire his hand, whieh was sufficiently white and' Blender. 'By Jove, there is quite a glow in the air.' Mr. Lowe replied with a sigh ; for he saw all hope of the' looked-for interview was gone for that day at least. And, what was particularly irritating, Mary made her appearance at the same moment, and with that smile of hers, which -more than anything, else about her tended to turn his head, said— ' What a lovely day this is, Mr. Lowe ! I wish you could see the country about here in the summer. But the mountains at least aro> beautiful at all seasons. 1 'Very,' he replied soineiwhat svdkily. ' I hoped you enjoyed the- evening at Wood* lands ?' she asked. 'Well, not much.' • ' 'Because you had not the ladies, I suppose ?' 'No, not exactly that. But the conversation was not interesting. It was all about landlords and tenants, and leases a|id ejectments, and that sort of thing. The party seemed got up specially to discuss, such matters. I expected something rollicking, but it was nothing of the kind.' ' Had you Mr.. Lloyd there ?' ' No, but his name was inttodnoed several times. He was strongly condemned for theway he mahages his property. - He givefl leases, and has no objection to small .farms ;' and is, it wonld appear,' in bad odour oft that account. It seems they all'feel bound! to abide by'.a resolution adopted at some meeting of. landlords a long time ago not to renew leases when they expire. Mr. Somerfield thinks the more independentthe tenantry, become the harder it willbe to,manage them. He says Mr.' Lloyd's tenants don't c^re a rush for him, as they have J all long leased at alow rent.' ' ' J 'Oh, if all landlords were like Mr. Sinner-' fi«9d,' returned 1 Haiy, ' Ireland would soptf be a desert. There -is not even orie' "houss now left on his whole property.' -..- s: ' Yes,' her brother observed,' andypu flan count the numbec of. houses he has levelled if you'haVe any curiosity about it;' ti>r he IM toft a gablff of each standing aB a mohument of ft& .'tbe good be has dime, But of oonrge ybu know I allude to - Sam,- for -the old fellow had nothing to d» with ife On thecontrary,.I'm told it gri4V9» him: to: see old: tenants huntsd iawafy. HugVtaU«:mej too; itwasadead los? toMmf and ;,that they are head- and ears Hi <iei)t > stocking the; land wais so sxpensiye.' • # : v' I'm heaxtily #ick,. of tne >*lioy wlfejm sinee .last, nigbt,' returned Mr. -Lowe, 'i think "miidi of - what .- thgr said 'wap mpan% specially fpr flie." j%t and morel ain.DewfldereSl'.,... < • ,. t ~ ~ ' 'KPP d .loufmou 