SCIENCE AND RELIGION. The llev, R. B. Dickinson, M.A., delivered a lecture in the Atlienmum last evening . in reply to the recent deliverance of Mr. Justice Higinbotham, at the Scots' Church, on the subject of the relation between modernscience nnd the Christian churches. There was a large attendance, the hall being well filled. The chair was occupied by Deau Macartney, who, in a brief speech, introduced the lecturer as one who had been known for many years as a faithful and consistent minister of the Gospel. The Rev. Mr. Dickinson prefaced liis re marks by stating that he had waited to soe if anyone else would reply in a public manner to the recent lecture of Mr. J ustico Higinbotham before undertaking the task himself. Bat as no one had done no, and as many of them felt that the lecturer (Mr. Justice Higiu- botliam) bad by no means " whispered to othere," as lie said he did, find as he might very fitly have done, in private, but had de liberately published to the world his advocacy of what seemed to be nt best a most imperfect semblance of Christianity, he had undertaken to reply to some of the statements and pro posals of tho learned lecturer. The lecturer was no ordinary man, but one long and well known among them as a man of blameless character, eminent position and unques tioned ability. There could be no doubt cither of his sincerity of purpose, and be would ndd that they all sympathised with him in his scriptural perplexities, and wero thankful to liiin for some of the truths ho bo eloquently expressed. But beyond the«S truths, creeds bad been unsparingly attacked ; the Church in general, and her ministers in particular, had been disparaged, and thus in fluence for good undermined, And, worst of nil, "tho very genuineness of tho Bible itself, the source of all sound creeds, had been denied, aud its contents apparently left for every self-constituted critio to scatter to the winds nt his will. At the same time they might give the lecturer credit for the best intentions, nnd might believe that he de- tired to promoto unity in religion, though to attempt it by wrong methods and in a do- I tractive spirit. The complaint of the lec turer was that the churches did not give an educated layman that "light and leading" which he required, even if they did afford it In some satisfying measure to women and children. -Laymen, Mr. Justice Higinbotham said, wanted the " intellectual basis of reli gion." As it was, they remained, lie declared, "intellectually untaught." Did lie want a reli gion which could bo eitherevolvcdfromtlieintcl- lect alone, without tlieinstructionof revelation, or which could be comprehended by the intc-1- lecbalone, without tho spiritual faculty of fnith. If bo, they had no such paltry gifts to offer him from heaven. The religion they professed was an objective, supernatural religion, which required the subjective supernatural faith to receive it, and both this grace of God and the faith that received it wero " not of ourselves ; they arc the gift "of God." But this gift was offered to all who earnestly sought it. What was demanded was not a great intellect, but a humble heart emptied of its own conceit, and thus-become Capable of receiving the truth of God. Ministers of the Gospel would gladly koep abreast of the age in intellectual knowledge if possible, but their special work was to keep above the age in spiritual knowledge nnd practice. It was not right for the lecturer to Bay that " in all Protestant churches dogmatic truth is either not presented at all or iu an un intelligible form." If this were meant of the creeds alone the answer was that the complaint of many men, indeed of the lecturer himself, was exactly opposite, namely, that tho creeds were too sharply defined, and that tlioy presented the diffused thoughts of Scripture in too hard and crystallised a form. Possibly neither. of these two complaints was well founded altogether. Perhaps with all tlieir faultB the creeds were nearer the golden mean than some men thought who loved the false hood of extremes, if it was the usual style of preaching truth that tho lecturer condemned, he (Mr. Dickinson) would ask, Was it not the fact that men were not willing to sit as little children nt the feet of Christ to learn of Him 1 If they were wil ling, men of lofty intellects but of lowly hearts, could always find satisfaction in the services of Christ's church. Surely no one would say that the church worship — aye even the humble Sunday sehool teaching, in which such " highly intellectual" men as throe recent Lord High Chancellors of England- Lords Hntherly, Cairns and Sclborne — found profit and deiiglit, was not good enough for this most intellectual Victorian. The lecturer ought to have known also that the minister of Christ was -not only a teaohor in public, but a pastor in private as well, aud had to spend much of his time, energy and ability inapastor's most valuable work. (Applause.) As to tho remarks of Mr. Justice Higinbotham regard ing the alleged waning inflneuco of the church, it was only necessary to point to its extension on alj sides, and to the numerous and intelli- genfeongregations that assembled every week to liear the simple truth of God. Or if addi tional argumont wero needed it was supplied in the very opposition of secularists and semi- believers and all ungodly men, for men did not figlit against a beaten enemy nor try to kill a dying foe. As to tho influences of inodern science upon religion, he contended that it was not to discoveries in astronomy and geology during the past 200 years that the enlargement of men'B minds, so that they could receive worthier ideas of God, was to be attributed, so much as to the invention of printing, which caused all kinds of knowledge to be diffused throughout the universe, and almost simultaneously the great Re formation occurred on the' Continent and ,in England, giving men a _ much wider and truer knowledge of the Bible. He re ferred to the declaration signed by 617 scientific men at a meeting of the great British Association for tho advancement of science, expressing regret that researches into scientific truths were perverted by some into occasions for casting , doubts upon the truth and authenticity of the Scriptures ; and de claring that they conceived it to be impossible for the word of God as written in the book of nature, nnd God's word written in Holy Scripture to contradict one another, however much they might appear to differ. He next proceeded to discuss Mr. Justice I-Iiginbotham's allegation that the Church failed to teach the love of God, con tending that tho charge could not be true whilst the congregations bad tbeir Bibles, nnd were bidden to read them. Tito most fearful of all the errors into which the learned lecturer had fallen seemed to be in im pugning the genuineness of some portions of God's written word, in stating that the records concerning Christ in Scripture depend largely on what had been called tho "uncertain testi mony of slippery memory," and, again, that there were in Scripture " discordant notes" which ought to be subjected to a just and fear less criticism. He (the Rev. Canon Dickin son) dwelt at some length on this matter, con tending that tho writings of the Scriptures were unquestionably to bo received as being what Christ promised they should be — inspired by God. He supposed it might bo well if every section of Ciirist's Church would revise its systems or confessions, but delibe- rately nnd reverently, not with any " un blessed hand of radical reform," nor by the laity alone. Then those oonfessious might be brought more into accord with that clearer perception of truth which three centurieB i of Protestantism ought to have conferred ' upon them. In the meantime let nil such zealous but overhasty, self-willed souls as the lecturer (Mr.- Justice Higinbotham) seemed, he was sure that if any minister of Christ taught in due proportion and in good earnest the truths ot Christ's crucifixion, resurrection nnd asconsion, and the recreating and renewing work of God, tho Holy Spirit, nnd such truths about eternity ns were unmistakably set forth in Holy Scripture, he would be left free to minister in pence and in usefulness without _ now being worried about minor things. It ,was, however, as much to protect him from the danger of being so worried by a possible clique of sclf-importaut church members, and to protect thorn from being at the mercy of an unfaithful or one-sided minister, that reasonable articles of religion, to which both lie and they conld appeal, were useful. (Applause.) If tho lecturer wanted to do away with rivalry among the churches he must get rid, if he could, of something far worse than their creeds, namely, their siiiB ; and give them something more, if ho could, than his brief creed, " There is one God, the spirit, a loving God." He must give them Christ's love, outwardly shown on the cross, nnd inwardly experienced by His gpirit within them. And that was where his (Mr. Justice Higinbotkam's) 'creed so signally failed. What the churches Really wanted, and what each member of the congregation wanted, was not the cold baptism . 0f intSOeotnalism that the lecturer proposed, but the baptism of the Holy Ghost and of fire. \- (Applause.) The Rev. D. S. M'Enclicrn rose to move a Vvoto of thanks to the Rev. Canon Dickinson for his interesting lecture. He regretted to say that tho lecture which he had criticised was a careiully prepared and_ deliberate at- tomrfc to undermine Christianity. It under- mined the foundation on which Christianity was based ; it rejected the revealed religion. (A voice : "No.") It did, and he ww pre I pared to prove it. (A voice No.") Well he was prepared to prove it. (Applause.) It , rejected all religion and all tho wonders of re- ; deeming love, nnd while it told them that Jesus led a sublime life it denied that their ! adorable Redeemer was God manifest in the i fiesb. Ho thought they all owed a debt of gratitude to Canon Dickinson for his protest : against the lecture. I The motion was peconded by the Rev. Dr. Wnugh and carried by acclamation. The Rev. Canon Dickinson in acknowledge ' ing the vote, disclaimed any personal feeling i against his Honor Judge Higinbotham, who he said had been one of his warmest friends, and who had exchanged letters with liim since the lecture was delivered. He paid a high tribnte of praise to the industry, energy and zeal of that learned gentleman. They all loved him for his estimable qualities. It was, however, a very dieffrent thing to be not far . from tho Kingdom of God to being in it. He ' (Canon Dickinson) kuew a man could not be saved unless he was in the Kingdom, aud I therefore he would ask that those present | should pray for liim (Mr. Justice Higin botham) that the divine light from heaven might be poured forth upon liim. (Applause.) The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to tho chairman. 