'"the . CORONATION OF THE CZAR. ' REUTER'S TELEGRAMS. MANIFESTO OF THE CZAR. MOSCOW, May 26. The Czar has issued an Imperial manifesto in anticipation of his corona tion to-morrow, in which he proclaims a qualified amnesty of those persons who are now undergoing sentences of imprisonment for their connection with the last Polish insurrection. The re mission of some portion of the penalties levied for arrears of taxes is likewise announced. The manifesto, however, makes no mention of internal reform, or of any intention to introduce a system of con stitutional government in Russia. MOSCOW, May 27. The coronation of His Imperial Majesty Alexander HI., Czar of all the Rassias, and the Czarina, took place to day, at the Church of the Assumption, within the Kremlin, in accordance with the programme previously announced. The proceedings passed off' with the greatest eclat and success, in the pre sence of one of the most brilliant assemblages ever brought together, including representatives of the various reigning families in Europe, His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, Envoy Extraordinary of Great Britain ; M. Waddington representing the French Government, the whole of the foreign ambassadors and their suites, distin guished military and naval officers, and personages from all countries. The ceremony of the coionation was performed in accordance with ancient custom, the Metropolitan of Moscow, and other high dignitaries of the Greek Church, takiDg a prominent part in the religious services. Throughout the day the city was en fete , the houses being decorated with flags and banners, and numerous festivities being held in honour of the occasion. In the eveuiog the whole city was brilliantly illuminated, the el9ctric light being successfully employed to illumi nate the Kremlin and other prominent points. His Majesty the Czar .drove through the city without escort, in order to view the illuminations, which attracted enormous numbers of spectators. He was everywhere received with enthu siasm, and throughout the day nothing occurred in any way to mar the complete success of the proceedings. RESCRIPT OF THE CZAR. MOSCOW, May. 27. Immediately after the termination of. the ceremonies lo-day, His Majesty issued an Imperial rescript, declaring that with the act of coronation, the power and glory of the Russian-Empire had been rendered complete. The rescript further states that the ,Czar desires to live ' in peace with all foreign powers, and that he repudiates an intention, or desire, of aggrandise ment by means of conquests abroad. The following interesting account of the ceremonial observed at a Russian coronation, is taken from the Pall Mall Budget of 6th April : — "The great ceremony has always been performed in the Church of the Holy As sumption, within the walls of th8 Kremlin at Moscow. The great Kremlin is an octagon plot of ground of many acres on a high elevatio-, surrounded by high walls and fortifications, and . contains four Crown palaces, three oathedrals, the headquarters of the Imperial Guards, the governor's residence, a university, and a number of monastries and nunneries. The appearance of the Kremlin is very striking, as the walls are white, the fortifications emerald green, the entrance rose tinted, and the roofs of the cathedrals gilded, the whole forming a wonderful combination. The coronation pro cession begins to form at the cavalry bar racks, four miles distant from the Kremlin. " Early in the day appointed for the cere mony sixty heralds, mounted on cream- coloured horses and commanded by & master of ceremonies, appear before the gates of the barracks and blow a salvo, upon which the colonel of the regiment appears and asks what they want of him. ' The Czar com mands thee follow me,' is the aqswer, and the gates are thtpwu open, .and the regiment, which has been expecting the summons, gal lops out and follows the heralds. The heralds then proceed to the barracks of the Lancers, where the same thing takes place, then to the University, then to the Cathedral of St. Nicholas, where the clergy join the procession, then to the law courts, where the judges fall ih, then to the headquarters of the marshals, of the nobility, the staff officers, the several .professions, the governors, the prefects, the doputatious from every part of the empire, the trade guilds, etc , each body joining at a separate ©lacef and all being summoned by the heralds, ae in the first case. The procession goes on swelling until it reaches enormous proportions much so that whan the head of it arrives at the Kremlin the tail is still at the other end of the town. Arriving at St. Dcujetrius gm ! they flod it o'otffcL The heralds tfien their trumpets, an! the o ir'tianddt of the citadel njqtears and demands wtratthey want, to which The crowd replies Th« 4 And what for?' aske the commander «1 crown him the moat powerful of the da fnV " the reply, and the gates fly openV ' metropolitans of Moscow', Kazan, NovgnnS? and Kieflf here head the procession, and wS the deputations from every part of the emSL they advance to the palace and form in fa of it. These deputations consist of Russia Roumanians, Kirghiz, Chinese, Mingrelian'1 Bashkirs, Poles, Georgians, Circassians Si' mucks, Armenians, Turkomans, Tartar Esquimaux, Afghans, Bulgarians, Lapland!' Mongolians, Finns, Persians, and Bofe harians, all in their respective national' costumes. The Metropolitans then advance and call upon the Czar to come forward upon which he appears at the portico, dressS in the uniform of a colonel of the ItuS Guards, with the Empress, dressed aT& Russian peasant, on his arm. The instant the deputations are aware of the Imperial presence they kneel, and being asked by thB Czar what they want of him, the Metropoli tan of Moscow replies that they have Veen sent from far and wide to see their Czar anointed, so that they can return to their homeB and assure those 'who sent them that the Czar is verily the Lord's anointed, aDj that they may obey none but him. Thsnee all proceed to the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption, tbe Czar and Czarina walking between tbe bishops and the deputation. " Arriving at the church, the Czar and bis wife are shown to ordinary thrones near those of the bishops, and tbe special service immediately begins. After the first lesson is read, the Metropolitans conduct the Emperor and Empress to a canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroidered in gold, tbe principal figure being the double- headed Russian eagle. Under this canopy is an elevated platform, upon which are tbe historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomagce and an ordinary arm- chair for the Empress a'so a table upon which are the sceptre and crown of Constantinns Monomachns, & Bworcf and a mantle of ermine. The nobles now. advance from the south of the Cathedral, and surroupding the platform, draw their swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Bishop of Kazsn then asks the Emperor in a loud voice if he is a true believer, to which he replies by reading the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. The Bishop next says : — 'If tbre be any of ycu here present knowing any impediment for which Alei. ander, son of Alexander (or other name), should not bs crowned by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of all the Rassias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod; Czar of Ka van. of Astrakhan, of Polan'.of Siberia, of Kharson-Taurid. of Groosi; Gosoudar of Pskoff ; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lithuania, of Volhynis, of Podolia, and of Finland : Prinoe of Esrhonia, of Eivonia, of Courlacd; of Semigalia, of the Samoyedee, of Bie- lostok, of Corelia, of Foer, of Ingoi, of Perm, of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Countries in Novgorod, of Tchernigoff, of Riazan, of Polotsk, of Rostoff, of Jaroslaff, of Bielosersk, of Ondork, of Obdorsk,of Kondisk, of Vitelek, of Mstilaf, and of ail the countries of the North ; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kastalnisk, of Kabardinsk, and of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Princes of Tcherkask ; Master of Turkestan, Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Sles- wiok-Hol8tein, of Stormarne, of Dithmsrw, and of Oldenburg, let him come forward now, in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever. " This is repeated three times, and upon no objection being raised, he lays his band npon the bead of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of ermine from tbe table and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying : 1 Cover and protect thy people as this robe covers and protects thee tbe Emperor replying, I will, I will, I ilji God helping,' and kissing the prelate s band. Tbe Bishop of Novgorod now places the sceptre in the Czar's hand, saying : ' May thine hand which holds this wither the day i thou art nnjnst ; theanswer being, ' Be it so ; after which the Bishop of Kiefi places the crown npon the Emperor's head. At tb« point ijde Empress kneels beside her husband, l who partly covers bear with the cloak of I ermine, and also holds his crown bove her I head for a few seconds, without, however I placing it upon her head. I " The Czar and Czarina remain in pray® I for several minutes amid a deadly silence, I and the instant they rise to their feet bishops, I nobles, deputations, and all preeent kneel v I them, shooting, ' Long live the t zar 1 The cry is taken up by the hunareo l 'of thousands who are outsja®, I heralds sound their trumpets, gnos w® I fired, and bells are rung. Tbe Czar coffi- I mands the people to rise, and is a?®in.1s0:r I rounded by the nobles, who receive to I swords back from tbe Imperial hands, to I Emperor saying, 4 It is thy country _ , I which the noble replies, 'and 1 Mas is again resumed, and the E®pe I proceeds alone to the altar, passi»g jnro s I tho Golden Gates of the Ieonostasim, wo I are oiosed behind him, thus hiding' hi® tr 1 view. Here, after partaking of the Holy vo munion, the Metropolitan of Jd8C0,ank.rti 1 his head, temples, eyelids, lips, nostrils, I breast, and hands, saying, 4 Behold the I of the Holy Ghost, may it keep l"6® | holy.' The gates of the Inconostasuu a 1 opened, the Czar appea e before them, a 1 hailed with shouts of ' Thou art verily o Lord anointed/ The Emprrf| ndyau the sanctuary and kneels toner low, bids her rise, and they walk oat, ;5 1 cathedral arm in arm. At the a a gilded chariot drawn by twelve I horses, into which they enter, the P ' -j B other members of the Imperial foreign monarchs, guests, etc., entering State chariots. The procession ag®! fl as it did on approaching tbe elr I with its new auditions, moves elov _ fl the gaily decorated town. AeeordiD.-. old custom, the Czar's carriage by I being guarded by troops, is surroc ». one hundred maiden? boegbg to Rossiaa families, all dieted in H holiday garlands cf fiotrs receptions begin ia the evenir.e, ,arJJgto I fi- fcrtnigks, utter whtah iue Goart r ' Bt. Petersburg." I 