I A GHOST HUNT. I ,, 'BTXOTA. To c&ptroo; 'ho myelorioua individual, who fl 14 stated for nearly two weeks past to havo I liritlolc'd ttie Rtltljofigloa dUttidt, .was tho object ol a party mastering fobrtoon, which Btartod from Corowa at cloven o'clock liuf— (Monday night. Tho moat | wondorfnl adriea of what tho Euthorglon : ii ghost " (aa tho -supposed individual or jncctro was called), had dono, wcro re lated at. Corowa during Sunday , and i: Monday last, and this Btirred tho souls of fourteen . individuals, of whioh tho writer mado one, all anxious lo distinguish them selves. \j It nns novor snpppsod for a moment F that tho " ghost '' was n visitant from j£ another world, nor was It thought that t: anyono was playing a joko, but it was F firmly fcolioved that a maniac had mndo J Ilia lair near somo of tho old claims, and wandered forth at night-timo for food, at- n kng anybody ho might meet. K There wcro dishdhovlng individuals, howover, who considored tho wholo affair : a hoax. "Now that the Shiro Council had K given up meeting every Saturday," thoy s-i boiu, "tho publicans had taken other' I means to draw monoy into tho town, and U started a ghost." Theso conflicting stato- \- 1 mcnts perplexed us, and wo dotorminod to' j go and find out for onrsolvcs: if Crawford and Cd.'a bus had boon en- | gaged for tho occasion, and oar party j, started in tho beBt of spirits. It was a s bright moonlight night, nnd if over a ghost T was tempted to disport himself in tho | moonbeams, tho nntcr should think ho | would havo bcon last Monday night, .or , Tuesday morning. Aa wo rattled along to j Euthorglon, marvellous stories wcro told ; of what tho ghost had dono, nnd what ho | could do. ' J " Ho's as strong as twenty-four men, nnd 3 thero's only fourteen of us," remarked ono i of tho party with awo. "And ho runs 5 faster than a homo con gallop," addsd another. From this it appeared that the ghost conld overcome us all if we Btood, and catch us if wo ran. There wan posi tively no comfort. IV o grasped onr sticks moro tightly, nnd polo but dotorminod, ordered our driver to proceed. Wo took tho lako road, and when a short distanco down dropped tho two strongest of onr party to march on Entherglcn. About a milo further down six of us got out to hunt tho ghost into Euthorglon, but thoso remaining in tbo bus complained at so great an exodus. Thcro was not enough in tho bus to protect it thoy thought, no two out of tho six returned to their seats. r our oi us men mono our way along a road at tho back of Graham Eros.' farm. Logs without number in tho distanco ap peared as ghostB, and tho wind as it soughed and Bighel disturbed us, and no clonched our sticks lightly, ready for tho fray. But all along that weary walk no ghost was soon, and wo bogan to feel dis- v appointed. Near Eutherglon wo camo upon a party of throe, who had loft that placo in search of His Ghoslship. Ono of them was armed with n gun, another with a rovolver, nnd tbo third had a big dog nt his heels, which was guaranteed to tear a man to pieces in a very Bhort Bpaco of time. Liko as thoy hnd been unfortunate. Tho ghost had been seen tho ovoning before, thoy informed us, disporting himself on the very ground that wo had just traversed. Ho had also forced his way into two or throo pcoplo's homes. Wo received' theso statements rnthor danbtfnllv. for our fnlfcli in tbo nr. istenco of n ghost or madman nt all was rapidly becoming weaker. Tho other members of our party joined ns at Ruthor- glcn, nnd a'council of war was held, nt which it was unanimously agreed that our imposing appearance hod frightened tho ghost, and that further search would bo useless. Wo determined to start for "! 'A0 BWcot home." return joutnoy was not as pleasant as it miight havo been. We woro tired, hungry, disappointed, nnd vexod. Only ono of ota party had spirit enough to talk, and to tho questions bo put ho roooived no answer. Wo determined that on the next occasion tho'ghost would have to cbmo to us, for wo would not try nnd go to it. Corowa was reaohed shortly beforo three o'clock, and each of our party mado his' way as quickly as poBsiblo to bed, nnd so ended our hunt. 