THE EDUCATION BILL TO THE EDITOB. Sir— Will you please allow me briefly to refer to the three arguments used in support of the ultra-secular view of the Education Bill, as introduced in the House of Assembly. l. liie statement tnat tne ' increase or iarn kinism was due to the secular character of the Education Bill' was summarily disposed of by saying that it was a libel upon the State schools. This, however, proves nothing either way, as larrikinism would not be likely to manifest itself in school hours where strict discipline was enforced. Will any one venture to say, however, that it will make no difference in the morality of the rising, youth, whether they are taught from the Holy Scriptures that the fear of the Lord is the principal part of knowledge, or virtu ally trained without any fear of God before their eyes ? If all religious restraints are removed, can we wonder if the next genera tion grow up lawless, and shall we not in a few years be as anxious to retrace our steps as the other colonies are at present? 2, In reply to the affirmation that ' the Bible being allowed to be read either before or after the regular school hours is bringing the schoolroom into compe tition with the playground, or the Bible v. Play, thus giving a natural distaste for the Holy Scriptures,' it is stated as a conclusive argument that the accommoda tion of school buildings will not allow for the separation of dissentients. This is simply begging the question, or raising up a ghost for the purpose of knocking it down again. Where was the difficulty during the number of years before the secular Act was passed, when the school buildings were considerably inferior to those now erected ? There was no difficulty with the conscience clause then, and why should there be any now? The difficulty is simply one of imagination, not of fact Even supposing that there should be some few objections, the same. arrangement might be made as was formerly done. Are nine parents to be deprived of the moral effects of Bible-reading for their children because one may not consider it necessary? This is indeed carrying the liberty of the subject to an extreme, and allowing a small minority to govern a large majority. The other argument adduced in favour of extreme secularism is the 'want of unanimity amongst those in favour of Bible- reading.' That there should be differences of opinion upon a subject of such importance is only what might be expected, but the weight of opinion as expressed is nine to one in favour of the Bible in some form. The principal difference was whether the Word of God should be simply read or accompanied by religious teaching ; but that the general feeling of the community is in favour of Biblical education is as evident as the plebiscite can make it, confirmed by the decisions of all the largest Churches, viz., Church of England, Roman Catholic, Presby terian. Wesleyan, Primitive Methodist, &c.; This is neither a matter of sentiment nor prejudice, as suggested by the mover of the Education Bill, but one of 'principle' with those in favour of Bible- reading, who feel that the honour of God himself as well as the wellare of the colony is concerned in the morals of the community, as upon this in a ?great measure depends our national pros perity or otherwise, lam, Sir, &c;, CHARLES H. GOLDSMITH. Willunga, June 23. 