A Belie of the Past. Psr from the hum of the city, far from its ceaseless Far from the Boise and trastle of the battlefield of life, Nestling upon the hillside, now bathed In crimson AsSol with fond embraces whispers a soft 'good night;' Scanning the gold-tip'd towers uprising from the Catrfrncc a gleam like silverof the distant boundless main ; Fanned by the first cool breathing of the fragrant western breeze. Lulled by its dieamy music mid the swaying forest frees. Where the leafy weeping willows their dancing shadows cast, There stands a mined cottage— ghostly relic of the past; Ite walls, fast falling to decay, with ivy overgrown. Bear the imprint of tamefe rough hand upon each mossy stone ; And many a crumbling hollow is by leafy creepers hid, While here and there a bright-eyed flow*r opes wide ite fringed lid. The tangled garden ronnd about knows now no fosfiingcare. And heavily its perfumes bang upon the evening air ; Ell with the fading daylight the lengthening shadows, creep, And seem to call from out the past the forms of those that sleep. Tis Christmas Eve in '63— within the open door The cottage decEed-nith garments green from ceiling to the floor, And bung with season's greetings, seems to wear a smiling face, Aa though no taint of sorrow ever visited the place. Befoietbe door light lustily, npon the velvet moss, The sunlight in their dancing eyes, two cbnbby children toss ; Andmerrilytheir voices ring, and loud their laughter peals, While from each dainty dimpled mouth the sun warm fcisses steals. One burden bas the song they sing, one joy has each in sight, And 'Father's coming home again' 's their anthem for the night With teats of joy their mother's eyes fill as she sees their play » AsdMoninto thz distant past her thoughts have winged their way. She sees herself a girl once more, and treads life's path anew. And dreams again her girlish dreams, all tinged with rosy hue; And biigbt with jonthM fancies, yet all destined tobe«ast Unto the winds like autumn leaves before the wintry She sees again her sailor lad, again her heart replies To the light of love's creating that gleams within bisejes; She treadB once more the church's aisles, where soft tie mystic ray Of noonday's golden sunlight thro' the little porch makes way. And falling on the altar, like a message from above, Betokens heaven's approval, and consecrates their love. So thro' the intervening years her roving fancies glide. And mirror all her. joys and griefs in their swift* flowing tide; Sin awakened by. her children, who -clamber on car knee. And lisp, with baby accents, ortherr father on the sea. Sheiells with «Ud remembrance of her loved ones coming home, Content to stay with those he loves, nor ere again to rouu. Ibe night creeps on with noiseless ateps; across toe . . starry-sky- . The fleecy., clouds, Hke shrouded ghosts, with quivering, garments fiy ;. The veering winds1 have changed their comae, and o'er the hilltope blow, infOe In their wake with angry light, th i .eastern heavens glow. Within tbemt, no thought of harm, the holy quiet . bieaks^ KoifrcBi their peaceful 'slumbering, the happy, trio Beside ber tabes the mother deeps; their bright locks Intertwine , Amid faer raven tresses, and Hke golden jranbeamt . abbe, And tbeir little dimpled faces, flushed vithjtbetr gratefnltJeep. And wreathed with smiles, presi lovingly against her paler cheek. Fiercer the light breaks o'er the bills, and. tongues ?cflmidfire Shoot bigh in air with dreadful roar, then suddenly \- expire;. And fiercer .down the sweeping Tales there comes the scorching breath Of him who stalks in wrath behind— grim messenger of death. His eyebanswitti-HBesrtljly fight gleam 'neati bis fiery crest,' . . And heavy smoke clouds lined. with flame enfold bis massive brea&t.; ... He . quaffs with rapture at a draught the streamlets rushing by, . And to Us thunders «!deHght-the trembling woods And swifter onward st&l; he glides, andlouder comes his-ioar. Black ruin in his path behind, and beauty stretched before. ' He reaches sow fee garden wall; foul lust gleams in Ms eye. And totter grows ids burning breath, till with a long- drawn sJgb fie sbefadiGS forth bia blood-red bga^g, and wifcb a fienaisb zest. Clasps ttie cottage and its sleepers unto his awful breast. Awakened from a heavj sleep the mother gszes ronnd. Bewildered by the blinding smoke, and deafenad by the sound Of crashing trees, and hissing names which rend _ tbe ambient air, Till one swift glance revealing all fills her with despair. Her sleeping babes unto her heart she strains with loving care; Then in an agony of woe offers a silent prayer 'That God will spare her darlings' lives.' She . epeaksnotofberown; Her fust thought is for those she loves, her prayer for them alone; ' Then rising from her bended knees she opens wide the .door. And wreathed mlddonds of smoke and Same falls fainting to the floor. Is it thus her dream has ended? Shall death so dark and drear Thus rudely snap the golden chain, each link a mem'ryiear? Has heaven no power to render aid} Has earth no succour nigh? Snail helpless innocence be left amid the flames to No ; help is near. A gallant form springs thro' the open door, Unheeding the devouring flames that round about ' bimioar. And seizing those half-iifeless ones, with super human mifiht He rashes back thro' fire and smoke into the morn ing light , And in bis cloak the fire king veils bis hot and reeking face. And diiven by- the western breeze flies madly from the place After a weary interval, with wondering surprise And sense of deadly peril past, the mother's heavy eyes Ope slowlv with ft vague relief, and find— oh, blessed Her darling Infants all unscathed and smiling with delight. But. bark! what voice is speaking now— what strarge and mystic speH Can wait nnto her listening ear those tones she : knows-sowell? A dear remembered face sue sees that quiets bet alarms. And with a sob of joy she falls into her husband's arms. Noteweeter in the days of old the berald angels sang, When through toe star-decked canopy thair won drous music rang, Than aonnd to. those poor trembling ones from death's grim wrtal borne, Thesweet and thrilling music of the voices of the ' morn. And onee again the Christmas down echoes that ioyouscry ' From grateful and from loving heart*, 'Glory to God on high,' — W. J. Ivass. 