LECTURE BY LIEo£ ^WILKINSON. On Tuesday evening a lecture was delivered in the Institute Hall by Lieut. Alfred Wil kinson, 'an evangelist serving tinder the Restored Apostles of our Lord,' on ' The restoration of the apostieship of our Lord in these the last days of the Christian dis pensation to prepare a people for his appear ing' There were about 200 persons pre sent, and Mr. H. £. Bright, M.P., occupied the chair. The Chairman said he had great'jpleasure iu bringing Lieut. Wilkinson before them that evening. Those who beard Mr. Wilkinson some nine years ago would remember how they enjoyed his address. He would ask them, although he was awate it was quite unnecessary, to give a patient hearing to the address. '. Lieut. Wilkinson', who delivered his address sitting down, said he came there to speak about the second advent of Our Lord, not in the way of controversy cr partizan ship, bat according to Holy Scripture. It had pleased God to restore to his people the apostieship, as the time of the second coming was drawing nigh, so that there might be a people prepared for his advent.' This second advent did not dei eud unon the circumstances of Christendom, but upon the fiat of God. They were not to suppose that anything sensational would t e said, they would only open the scriptures of truth, aid. see how God had dealt with them in the past. They must study the Bible as a whole, and carefully consider the history of long ago. He pointed out how God had dealt with Israel, and showed that before bringing them to the foot of time, there was no outward sign of worship. It was there Moses was chosen the Deliverer of Israel, he who had Leen brought up in the court of Pharoah, and forced to fly to Siuai, and in . the humble guise of a shepherd he received divine message The deliverance of Israel and their journey to Sinai was well knewn to them. There a grand circumstance is brought to light. Moses' received the laws and brought out the grand system of general worship. There was no uncertainty about it ; Moses had the ' law clearly defined and laid down. The charge was gives to Mo%es, and God held him responsible for its carry ing out. In this we learn Moses had a four fold duty to perform, l.t. Hera I to estab lish the worship of Qod on cirtiin bissr. 2nd. He had to consecrate Aayqn and bis sons to the holy priesthood. 3rd. He had to number the peop e. This was an ecclesias tical act. and they would remember that ? David (}H this without authority, and the people were smitten witty a sore affliction. As a ruUr this power rested upon Moses. 4th- Upon him rested the office cf judgment. All the little and unimportant cases were disposed of outside, but all of difficulty were reserved for the judgment of Moses. To the casual reader these may seem very light mafterfe but none oanbutperepiyethafc the scriptures all baar upon two1 phases. The people had entered into a covenant of worship, and had started fairly When they wandgrgd away they were punished, ana the words of ' the orophets always pointed to the breaking of the covenant as the cause of their affliction. Whenever they repentedtheir first act was to find out fhe law of the Lord, and get back into the right way. Jhs lecturer then proteeded to speak of -the incarnation of Christ, tks un certainty of the time of ife birth, his fulfil ment of the law, and the* choosing of'ths twe've apostles by him, and his glorious death. He dwelt on'tbe cosing scene of Christ's life upon earth; Christ having made the declaration that all power is his. he gives power to the twelve apostles to baptise in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Qothjd&y.; Qf Pen^cosfc the Holy Ghost was given to 'the apostles, and brought into close manifestio'n of God. A.s Moses had a fourfold office so had the ipos'les to bring forth the fourfold purpose of God. If they, looked iuto the Acts of the Apostles and the epkfcles they would see cuat the apostles eefc'ia order Christian worship, baptism, and the supper of the Lord The Hoiy Ghost was given to all who oelieved in the church thus established, -nd the ajjostleg laid their hands on them as a seal or confirmation of their faith. They » darned' nieii to continue the ministry. They said to one church *'' Choose ye* seven men of good report whom the church mav sec overyoa.5* The apostles ordained the representatives of the people,' but it was not cheir act. Again, as with Moses so with the apastles, when heresies and false doc trines arose they sat in judgment upon them. And the analogy is further com pleted when he pointed oat that the people while laithlul to God receive* spiritual gifts, but no sooner did they turn away from the true worship of 0?d than they were punished. He hoped for speedy advent qf Christ for the second time, .a id he dared not teach other wise. It was a glorious thought that the Lord would come again soon, and overthrow all the misery of the world. If he did not teach this he would be held accountably for it by and by, and not for the pai|;ici;lar section of Christ's Church to which he might belong. He believed' that1 it had pleased God' to restore the apostieship upon earth, and he had not come to this belief haphazard, and so declare it as a new thing, but aS one who had doge so for fifty 'years, that the 'ap.os.tles ivere preparing a peop e for '?-« second advent aogonljujg Jo £he first' pat- ,,^_ - .... ? ' -uviuu ?utuiieobaviull ill tern. There v.^ ' ''''^Qther the healing of the sick and in ux~ ways, and they all tended to the near approach of our Lord As were the days of Noe and Lot so shall be the -oming of the son of .Man, It was in love k s they came before tfwm wjtfe ttje^^olemn^n^ter^, thev were true, and they shoild give themselves to God, and to pray for the hastening of the time. As they were forewarned they wers forearmed, and there was yet time for repentance. He thanked them for their patient hearing. The address which lasted an hour and a quarter was lister. el to with attention throughout. The Chairman said although Mr. Wilkiu son was going away on the moriow he (the chairman) would give any information on the subject that he could, although not so well as Mr. Wilkinson. 