Tales aa€ ^fe©t©&es;» DR. DELMONT. By John Silvester Nottage, Author of 'The Great Golconda Mine.' CHAPTER X. — ITKOM SHADOW TO SUN SHINE. What can only be described as a ramb ling house, standing on the bank of 1 considerable stream (I use the word ' con siderable' in its g Australian signification) ; a broad expanse of alightly undulating pasture land; a range of brown hills, dotted here and there with stunted, dis torted eucalypti ; a wide lake, reilecting the dark blue, cloudless sky, and the sun pouring down his unimpeded beams on the landscape, until the heated air trembles all over the surface c f the baked earth. Such is the scene that meets Lydia Delmont's gaze as she stands ot '' noon in the doorway of Lakeside, which has been her home for severaljmonths. She has boon more fortunate than many of those daughters of old England who have sought in the great Australian colonies for the, recognition of their talents, and fair remuneration for their labours. And this is owing in no small measure to the fatherly care and foresight- of. ? Mr. Mil ton, who, having prevailed upon Mrs. ? Delmont to leave the shores of her native land as the last chance of prolonging her life, had furnished her with letters of in troduction to a clerical friend in Mel ? bourne, who had procured for Lydia the situation oE governsss to the daughters of ' a; . squatter friend. The, voyage, had failed to restore to Jessie Delmont the health of which years of sorrow arid anxiety had deprived her. ? Day after: day she had slowly paced the deck, leaning on;the arm of the daughter that loved her with such passionate fondness, her sunken eyes and pallid face contrasting painfully with-, the brilliant complexion , arid glorious dark orbs of the handsome girl on whom'she'looke'd wistfully, and sometimes sorrowfully, for - 'had she' not had a youth'of brightness and promise eqlial to hers I By and by. the trembling limbs refused their office,' the slender hands, dropped listlessly at her side,, the' .' ? face ' still beautiful in decline— whiter ? than the pillow on. twhich it rested,,, and, with the crimson- death spot- glowing, ; tailing .of the wasting fire within.., Then -there came the day, .when' the st'ra,ngely solemn scene of. a' burial at sea awed the lightest, the most reckless, into serious, thoughts of the emptiness of life here,., and the deep, awful mystery, of ; the/ ]ife beyohdi Alone, but pot friendless,: Lyiia landed in Melbourne, and. found , in the house of the worthy clergyman a jhpme fox a. few days before Wyville Grey !came' from the far off station to see hid rather a friend, and look for the fir3t time ori'the1; beautiful city of the south. Wyville was' a good specimen of colonial youth ; 'tall,1 fair-haired; with dark blue eyes, manly ' features, and just enough beard- to Beti off, the oval face. : - ' -:;! .There is nothing in education that1 tends to bring out the manlier; nobler , ? . more generous qualities 'of a youth more than to find himself constitu ted the guardian and protector of, a girl, younger than himself, and when the old clergyman, delighted at this opportune viait, found that Lydia was exactly the sort of young poraon' that his friend the. sqtiatter required and placed her under, tne]care and guidance of Wyville, all the , chivalry that slumbered in the young man' a breast was roused into aotivity.. She was a , stranger, an orphan, and moreover, ',; a very interesting .stranger,' and a very pretty orphan. Then again, his sisters w.ere all much younger thaji himself, . their run was of auch extent, and .so, situated, that their nearest neighbours but rarely paid them any more than casual and short visits, and strangely enough in- the three families of those neighbours there were but as many daughters. Wyville had ridden from LakeBide to a township about thirty miles nearer Melbourne, ' and therice had driven into the city, so that having a seat in the buggy for his fail companion ho, with a little conscious im portance, drove away from the house of his clerical f i iend with Lydia at hia aide. ' I don't know how you will like it,' taid- Wyville, when they were some miles on.' the capital road which led to the township bef oro-mentioned, ' I'm afraid you'll think it a rough place— a wild 1 hole. But I can promise you one thing, there is not in the wide world a home where you could be made more of than you will be made by my people.' ',' You must _ bear in mind when you spqak.of Lakeside being a wild plaoe that I am not a citizen :, I have alwayB lived in the country-' 'Yes, but from what they, tell me, English country must be very different Jo Australian country. I don't suppose there' ia much difference in the towns.' . . . , God made the country, you know, arid man the town ; so there is likely to be '?? similarity in tho work of the latter, but variety infinite in that of 'the former. It doesn't follow, however, that 'the variety is always pleasing, and it strikes me -. that it will strike you 'as a desolate sort- of a scene.' ' ? ' Desolate ?' said Lydia, in something like a tone of disappointmept. ..,,..„ . . .- ^Ye^'desolate' by contrast with those lovejy landscapes 'which' I( have ;sepri as ? faithful transcripts of ?' English ..scenery?' Yon Bee you can always find a mill, or a group of low-roofed cottages, or an an cient church, or something equally pic turesque in England; while here it is nothing but brown plains, or big, bare hills, or sombre forest, without the neces sary, to make a picture ©f it, magnificent river. Then again our Australian sun is a fine follow, but too confoundedly hot at times, and the very clearness of tho atmosphoro 9poils the perspective. ' Wo haven't those nice convenient mists which roll up the Bides of your hills and moun tains at home, and just allow you to see as much of them -ih malrbs you wish to see' more. No, there they are, blue sky without the ghost of a cloud, lake with out a shrub or a clump of trees to bo re flected in the water, hills with a few scrubby trees, and all as plain as my self.' Lydia laughed. 'In what sense do you use the word ' plain V ' said she. 'Are you poking fun at me?' asked Wyvillo: 'Plain means distinct, doesn't itr ?.????'. ? ? 'Oh, certainly,' said Lydia, with a sly glance at the oval face, which some how she had associated with a portrait of Sir Walter Raleigh that she had once seen. ? '?'?'-': ?.'.'..??? ?.'.-- , ? ''?? '?Ml^tell you, Miss '^Delmoht, I am anxious and troubled about many things. I have taken such a fancy to you.' ' Indeed !' said Lydia, drawing her self up to her full height, ..and slightly, knitting her brows. ' ' , : ' Now, don't be offended at my free dom, but lot me finish what I was going to say. I can't, help saying that I never before met. any young lady who possessed the art of pleasing in such a degree as you— fthe factisryou can make: anyone like ypu whethdr they will or no.' i '- ! ' Mr. Grey,, wjll you have the kindness to drive on and look where jou.are driv-!; irtgi While you - are exercising your ' powers of flattery you - are looking; one' way and driving the other. Mine has. been an uneventful1 life hitherto,- and L don't want the pleasing monotony to be varied by an accident so 'vulgar-: a'sT an upset.' ' *? '??'' ' ' ?' '*.', ' '' v ., : ' Who was that ancient individual that, tried to drive; the1 bhariot.bf ' the sun'of . Something, and got 'dizzied and made a' ihessSof it ?' .. -'?:: '? ?'? ':?' '?';' .';-''or; ' ! 'I'm sure I can't tell you,' said Lydia, with' a merry laugh^' but of one thing I am certain, there is no' analogy ^between the cases;' '}?' '?,:',; r ' ' ;?.-??'??'?'? V.'-'V^ ? 'Isn't therej though f said1 Wyville:;. ',' How do you expect -me to1 keep jhy.' eyes on the ears of this bleasedr'oldi/q'uad- , r^ped, whpp I am conscious, of nothing but the bright glunces of'the most b'e'aiiti ful pair of eyes that ever I saw in my lif.e.T' ?? . ..: ?, (IV, ,'?:' :. r±y..O.:. . j ' Yours has been but a very limited experience, ' said Lydia, rather shortly;. ? : .' ' That's true j I have never seen more than a dozen young ladies since-'!* lias' born,', replied Wyville. .- .-.'. '.-' ' %;'& \--.'?.? '.' Now try and;getback to your anxie ties and troubles, Mr. Grey.' : ' if. ; 'Couldn't you call me. Wyville?' 'Certainly I can if you wish it.' ??.' . ' Well, then, I do wish it.' ' . 'i \ 'Cannot you finish the sentence you began by saying you were anxiouW and! troubled about many things 1' 'Oh, ,yes, 1- should have finishedi.it there and then only you interrupted me. Let me see,- this was it, I am anxious and troubled about many things, and I have taken such a fancy to you that, it would be a bitter disappointment to me,, if you, should find Lakeside such a shock tp'iyqur preconceived notions' that 'you should; take a dislike' to it. ,. So I want tp break it ;to you gently-^-the' h'o.UB^!Vis,Vright enough ; it hasn't' .any great architectural beauty, but it's' 'roomy, ' keeps; out the rain in winter, and the, heat; or 'at anyjrate, the sun in summer. , Then we've t?ot a piano which nobody can- play rr-a' fiddle that I make the. most discordant sounds on sometimes, when I'm: in^ a melancholy mood — and a flutina, minus a few notes.: So that we'are tolerably well off for niuBic. Effie, my youngest Bister, is a nice little .creature,' about eleven,! think — Laura equally good but not quite so pretty, thirteen — Daisy, very like my self fifteen. Those are your pupils, and' J hope to be allowed to participate in the advantages of your instructions.' ' ' ' I fear you must prepare youself 'for disappointment,' aaid Lydia, : ? '-' - '. 'I can't underatarid' physiognomy: at all if I am disappointed,'.' said : Wyville. ' When I look in your countenarice-i-^-' 'Don't, I pray you. ? Look' at' the hprae's head instead^' ' ? ' ? ' You don't seem to have a very high opinion of my skill as a driver.- ' T aa-' aure you that though young in .years I am an ' eminent whip,' as some big writer expresses it.' ? .'. ,' \i . ' ??' '??'? ??'?'??? ? 'Yes,; but a. confident spirit — that is, a1 too confident spirit — sometimes goes be-: fore; a fall.' l: . ; ; ' 'Quiet. way of hinting that I any con ceited.' ' :,'?-. ' No ; I will be as candid as you are, and I must say that I am .agreeably dis appointed in you. I ?' had; been informed that the', youth of. Victoria' were' much addicted to blowing their own trumpets,1' and I find that you at' least are an ex-' ception to the rule.' \ ? J i'' I oi-r:i . n 'Thank you, Miss Delmont. -I sup pose ilike all : weak people I am pervious to' flattery, and 1 take that as a- ? very pretty compliment;' ; j r , - ? , ;{;;,,: ''You have not' told], me , of 'your mother,' said 'Lydia, ' 'nor 'indeed of your father ; though I judge by his letter to my kind friend in Melbourne that he is a good father.' ' That he is — no better in Australia,' said Wyville, eagerly, and then he added in a subdued voice, ' I cannot toll you of my mother — would to God she were there to welcome you.' An alarmed expression on Lydia's face causod Wyvillo to look very oarnestly at her. ' You did not know that our mother waB dead ?' ' No,' said Lydia, softly and sadly. 'I thought it somewhat strange that Mr. Grey conducted the negotiations with the clergyman ; but I supposed that jour mother might regard it as a business arrangement which he could manage better than she.' 'No,' said Wyville. 'It is seven years since mother died, and we have got bo accustomed to the person who keeps house for us that wo almost regard her as our second mother. She ia a very superior woman — has soon much better days I should say, to judge by her manners and conversation, though she is very reticent. There is no mistake about it, I don't know what we should have done if it hadn't been for her ; governor would have entered for the second time into the holy, state of matrimony, I suspect, and then there would have been war to the knife. We could not have stood the second gene ration, of Greys, for myr sisters , and my-! self are a stiffnecked race.' ' '- ? ' ' : . 'Then you have this lady as house keeper, I Buppose.' — - -- ,'f$hat'B. it. You will like her^if'.rni) not greatly mistaken^ She can come out if she chooses, I can tell you; : ????' I blundered. over some; manuscript of hers one day by accident,: and not recognising the hand-; writing, read a portion, of it be-' fore I [discovered: that it was ' a letter i to some- .relativo.1 The language was beautiful, land the penmanship. some-' thing unique. .', I!. was perusing it : and wondering- from . whom the. letter could have come. I thought it was' one of ' mother's: at first, bat at the moment iin domes housekeeper, and I saw that 'I had inadvertently offended. ? I handed the ,scrap of..:paper 'tohor and begged her .pardon ; ' she; looked' at it very closely, iarid'iheh apparently satisfied that1 thete was nothing in it betraying any of her private business, smiled and threw it into ,the fire. Father thinks a lot of her, and so, do we,- because I firmly believe that she could have married the governorif; ' she. had chosen to scheme it.--.-' But no, ? she just keeps cordialy but at quite s' respectful distance from anything of the sort ; and so: the governor gives her all the respect due, and we give her a little more than1 respect. -Well,- here we are,' after all thetperils of the .high ;i-o^d and the' inexperience of your driver, uafe and sound at Mudford.'' . ;' ? : The; principal. hotel in , Mudford,, was : their resting place for the ; -night,:- and Lydia enjoyed a stroll about the well kept 'garden for half-an-hour before the bell rang: for breakfast. , Wyville had risen long .before, and came towards her with a face beaming with pleasure, i; i! i. , «,-;WelI,.Mr; Grey,?' i; ;.-; .,.., 'Don't know a gentleman, of that name, exceptithe owner of. Lakeside,' re plied Wyville. ',' , .]',V ''? ', ' ? ...|' i ' Good , morning, Mr.-. Wyville,' then 'y. iwillthat do?' '' '„:':? '' ' ,,..'?' . , ; 'Yes, 'tis, music- in my ear. ,How did you aleepi comfortably ?', ')? -t '.,' ?' n , ' ? 1 ?' I haven't' any idea. rpfe'sum'eJ'must, have slept .Boundiy, for 1- lost .all consci ,'ousness the moment ray head., was on. the pillo.w, andtll kpew nOjinore until Ithe sun ;stre'amed--(tiirbugh the window this' , mprn-r .ing.1' How can people i say they,^ enjoyed, a good night's rest.'w;nen they knpw nothing at all about' it ?'; , '?. . : : -...'. ','':' .',' ' Oh ! I say, Miss Delmont, isn't it something dreadfulitb ha,ye''to;8tudy your words before you speak ? Life's too short ;'for that sort of thing.' : Wyville1' frowned' -and; laughed^ and Lydia joined in his merriment. At this moment the bell rang and they hastened in. Breakfast despatched^', the horse and buggy were brought round,' and Wyville having aeon that .his fair. .charge was comfortably seated took' the reins and they started. After driving a few ...miles; the : road became ia .little rougher, and Wyville's conversational powers succumbed to his anxiety for the safety of his companion. Lydia was tolerably fatigued by the jolting when they reached the second atage 'of their journey, and retired at an early hour. The next morning they started ,for the last stage, but as this was over a bush road tho same precautions were necessary as; on the previous day. The country became more' flat' and uninteresting as they progressed, and the solitude and dreariness made themselves feit. Wyville, who continually stole glances at the face of his 'companion, saw the expression of disappointment that crept over her countenance with a feeling somewhat approaching alarm. ? ' This ?will not do after old England!, I'm afraid^' ' lie observed. , '' ' ' ,' ,' .' ?'' ' It is a dreary, monotony,' replied Lydia. ' ' ' /: '',';' , ' ' ', t ' ? , ? .' ''? 'Well, I aupppse it is 0(110 use,,to attempt to apologise for it. It is about as ugly a bit pf nature'B , handiwork ; as , I have ever, seep,' b ut'^Lakeside is better than this'.' ;;:, ;' , '. . ,.; ..' '?, !,'.',.',' ?','.,. !-?? ; ; f I hb'p'eso,' saict Lydia . withemphasis. 'I won't assort that(I oven Lakeside ia beautiful;1 but I daresay' you' will find more to admire in it than I do. Familiarity breeds indifference.' They lapsed into silence. Wyville seemed anxious to get through the 'ugliest bit of nature's handiwork ' as quickly aa ho could, and accelerated the pace of his quadruped until he effectually drove out all considerations of the gloomy scenery from Lydia's mind by arousing apprehensions for her safety. Suddenly the road turned— the stunted under growth and harsh stringy bark trees were left behind, and they commenced to cross a wide brown plain. Here and there a group of troes broke the monotony of ex panse, but the sombre pervading colour was but little relief to the eye wearied by sandy road, dull sparse foliage, and glaring sun.- At length they began to as cend a gentle acclivity, round which ran the track that served for a road, then in another moment LakeBide was before them. Wyville took a white handkerchief from his pocket and waved it. , ' There they come,' he said. ' Who, and where ?' asked Lydia, vainly endeavouring to discern the objepts to which Wyville was pointing. . , ,/ ,.... ???? ' Mine sisters, Miss Delmont, and mine sire. Your unaccustomed eyes can not yet distinguish afar off, but presently you will see them emerge on to the open, and we shall be escorted in style to your now home.' -' ' '?:? Y ' 1 :' ' ' Very soon Lydia descried the approach ing equestrians,: who were cantering along : the plain at the foot of the acclivity. The eldest daughter'of Mr .' Grey and himself were the first to reach the travellers, and greeted them cordially.1' Mr. Grey Was.i , tall, spare man, not more than fifty years ; of age, gentlemanly in his address, and posaessbd of a pleasant voice. The girls were of the same build , as their father — tall, and agreeable in their manner. There was 0 frank cordiality about their' greeting that put Lydia at her ease , at once. In a few more moments .they had all ridden' and driven into the yard at' jhe back of the' stables, and, . ^yyille, taking some of Lydia's luggage, led the way into the house'.'.. ' ',; ' - , : ''.. ' ',y)' '.'['.'? ';' Hiiv'e brought you a companion, Miss Delmont,' said Mr. Grey, addressing the housekeeper, as they entered the, | dining room a few minutes afterwards., The: housekeeper inclined her head gracefully, but- with a certain indescribable air of ^eqerye, ,and, Lydia - felt, she knew, not why,jthat in hershe.had found, if not an, antagonist, at least one who was not dis posed to cordiality. The girls wore all and more than Lydia had, flipped— r [intelligent,' tractable, , and , kind, and, though .Bhe saw but little -of their father ho was always courteous aud affabje.when they did meet. The days, weeks, months, ' slipped away without anything occurring worthy of note, until the day on which : Lydia stood gazing ^aoross the lake at the brown bare hills and sunburnt vegetation, the cloudless Bky, and the glassy waters. Her room; was in a wing of the house i which had been added some time subse quently to the erection of the original structure. ' A.s she stood at the door the opened casement reflected the fierce rays of the mid-day sun, ' and while shielding her eyes from' the' glare shle observed a slender hand thrust forth, from- thejroom and close the sash noiselessly.' ..It was not the hand of any one of her pupils, for she knew they were not returned from a ride they had taken to the home stead of. their nearest neighbour — it musti therefore, be the. hand of the housekeeper,1 who had never, before, that she was' aware, of, entered . her co,om_ since^ her arrival., '.. 'A :', sudden; ''thought.; btf recollection flashed across her1 mind and, 'caused her to relinquish her post of 0D-r' servation, and go towards her room ' by tHe /verandah; on to which a door opened, though 'it was likewise rentei'ed frbm'a' passage' 'leading^ 'to ' the girla 1 bedrdotnaV1 She 1 'did not approaoh the' room' more' softly than was her wont,but the house-' keeper, seemed' too absorbed 'in aome pur'-' suitto.hea'riher footsteps, and rshe had opened the door ,and:ente'red the room before that lady became aware that her movements had been observed. ? : Hastily 1 turning she faced Lydia, at the same time closing a book that was lying on the dress- 1 ing table behind her.,: .'..?; , , .,-, ' ? (To be c'mitin/v.ed.y ; 