[?] Before that last weird battle of the East, On Arthur sleeping came the ghoet of Da vies — Davies 'l'' in bigots' war. The ghost of Davies, 1 Blown along a wandering wind and past his ear, Went shrilling : ' Hollow — hollow all thy dreams ! Hail Doctor, hail ! To-morrow thou shalt be with me, Cut from all hopes of promise, place, and power, Down in that gulf where things despised lie.' It would be easy to parody the old ' Morte d' Arthur' in that vein, but it would be blasphemous, if not irreverent. The ' Morte d' Arthur' above the present victim would not be a noble chaunt, but chiefly a shout of gratulation that humbug had been quashed and treachery sat upon and plotting cut through. Had the late Hon. Arthur, the simple Dr. Renwick of th-? present, be haved himself with ordinary decency, 6imply been true to his old colours and his old leaders, he might have fought a great fight, if not have won a notable victory. He chose to take a crooked course, and he met a decisive defeat. He broke faith and confidence with his old allies^; his new friends broke without scruple the compact made with him ; and thus he himself became broken, a bruised reed, a crushed pillbox, a damaged article that no man -will stoop to find, much less pause to purchase. By his treacherous disclosure of the secrets of the old Cabinet he rally a razor across his own throat. He ay serve for an inquest in the future, but will never Re a theme for a celebration of any other kind. ' ; i,an-l would be a man of much hope who follow the epitaph 'with Resurgam „„?°Wn 111 deep ocean caverns, or more happily tv J® upon some Godsend Island, probably -lie frnm rrCv *-rig Louisa, now 34 days out worn Hobart. She set sail for Melbourne. She n«tr.v vVer reached Melbourne, and so the Dis tlio ?n; W ?°,ne °.ut search of her. Little hope that ! viptfmc t^, her. She is another of the SuRnnnl Balclutha, the Glimpse, the what *®l?^e®roJr- she went to sea we know not in ; Aiirh-oK i^1011, maT have been sound as the hapV« ' , e,ma5r have been only fit for the ship ocpnn 'of should do the -work that is left for mid businpRB 'w want some amendment in this weelc ?«'«.? ^os'18 ships every month, every we ato l - fashi9n- and, far worse than the ships, carp nf i0smg, lives. Captains will not take themselvpR ; saUors not take care of both r owners care more for profits than for shins caPtains, so both go down with the pav f'nr iv P ^c subscriptions and insurance policies them. We want a Plimsoll here. instnK.Hn^er 8reat and present want is swimming other of to 15- 8Wunming schools — some means or ^ent last , S. boys to swim. Seventeen lives through i**!! 111 vari°us parts of the colony, all the Darling ranc.e that simple art. Two men in rence, anntVif116 -111 ^acquarie, a boy in the Cla ^4/not ' * the Murray, two priests at should bp _ one of whom could swim. There that sinrole nn»«~a v ^ tte col°ny ignorant of boys learn . ^complishment. But how can men or Tided? Hn® ean8' And what means aTe pro 8*immin» hnti!?^11^3^118 c°lony have decent cannot name one £h bush experience, I -Bathurst people risk their lives in the Macquarie. Altury people in the Murray ; Goul burn people risk their lives in a wretched creek. Some smaller towns have treacherous waterholes ; but not one outside Sydney has a safe and comfort able and decent bathing-house. And how is Sydney provided r Never in all the world s history had a great town such great advan tages and made &uch; small use of them. Sydney at the present moment has not one good, clean, convenient, well-contrived bath, and Sydnev ought to have acres of delicious bathing fields. On Sunday last the lack of proper bathing accom modation was terribly emphasised. A rash swimmer went out from Iron Cove, Balmain, and was picked up disembowelled by a shark. A horrible death, the 1 result of venturesome folly, of course, but a cleanly I folly withal, and more to be commended than the tardy action of the municipal authorities, who have for so long been content with a few yards of bathing space enclosed alongside- the outflow of one of the most pestilential sewers of the city. Baths, markets, clean roads and footpaths — how often has the city cried out for them, and been solaced by the dry bones, palatial public buildings, and the ashes of the great and glorious palace ! How far have the mighty fallen at cricket ? The champions upon whom we trusted so much — into whose hands we gave it to uphold our honour in the eyes of all the world. They thrashed England for us a fortnight ago ; now they have licked the dust at England's feet, been shamefully, horribly, disgracefully beaten, licked in an innings and witli more than a score of runs to spare. How was it ? 'Why was it ? That is precisely what every one is desirous to know, and all the critics stand aghast and can make no answer. Some point to a patch of bad ground, and others talk about the mysterious run of. luck, while other malicious people look at the empty champagne bottles lying about certain picnic grounds, and say that and good cricket never did go together, and never will. Let us hope they will do better by-and-by ; for if the same fate should befal Australia upon the Sydney cricket ground this week the Hon. Ivo Bligh would fulfil his promise, and might boast that he had gathered all the ashes of England that were ever poured out upon the land. But it is not likely. 'We shall have no bad patches upon Friday, either upon the ground or in the team. And Friday next is our Anniversary Day, and we shall be supplied with, much pastime. There are three great events. First in order of merit, if not of popularity, will be the regatta — the great fete day upon the water, which, really should be Sydney's great day, but which attracts and pleases only a sec tion of the people. The others go picnicing, or to some other form of sport, for really we do not manage our water shows well. There is no refinement, no luxury about them; it is all rude and hard and honest, but not attractive. The races will not be much better, partly because they are not great races. The Turf Club is not like the A. J. C. ; but the A. J. C. has never yet got up a meet ing to attract 100,000 people ; and if the Turf Club gets 10,000 through the gates on Friday, it will do uncom monly well. The cricket field will alone be fully occupied ; there will be no vacant places ; ter races, stand, and lawn -will be fully occupied, for it will be recognised that Anniversary Day upon the cricket ground sees the beginning of a very great battle. Near Maryborough, in 'Victoria, two Chinamen have been picked up in a hut with then: throats cut. They ?were altogether unlovely objects, having been dead many days. In fact, they appear to have been Christmas sacrifices, for they looked to have been dead about three weeks. Useless to aBk, How came they to die thus ? They lie there, their dead bodies telling no tale. They may have been victims of brutality, may have been I slaughtered by that spirit of savagedom which occasionally dominates and guides the vilest I section of the Australian race, or they may have | been their own executioners — have slain themselves in one of those fits of moroseness which occasionally take possession of the Mongolian and drive him to suicide naturally as a white man to drink. It is only theory as yet ; there is no clue, no explanation. The police will be sniffing round shortly, and then we may hear something. But the police,' the detective police at least, are disorganised or disbanded — sacked because they were considered too great knaves to remain in the service of the State, or permitted to retire because it was not convenient to get rid of them in another fashion. Victoria is nearly as badly ofl for detectives as for Ministers of Railways or Finance, and so the Chinese mystery may remain for many days unravelled. For sheer nonsensical claptrap, the pure essence, one must wade through the reports of the speeches made recently in the Newtown and East Sydney electorates. I refer specially to those passages which treat of the employment of Chinese. A report was spread that the Minister f r Works had some of these patient workers on some of his mines, and this was seized upon as a splendid opportunity to hold the Minister up to the scorn of the multitude. The report gave rise to more talk than did the Sunday opening of the Museum and Art Gallery, and eventually it turned out that Mr. Copeland never during his' whole life employed a Chinaman. If the electioneering agents had not implicit faith in the blindness of the multitude, nothing dare be said regarding Chinese. Who are the employers of J ohn ? Is his labour usurped by a few bloated capitalists? Emphatically no! His em ployers are the working classes, who form the greater bulk of the electoral rolls. John is a gardener. Who c-uys his vegetables r John is a cabinetmaker, and turns out cheap tables, chairs, chests of drawers, and boxes. 'Who buys these r I think the bulk of such goods are bought by the wives of tradesmen or electors, who are seriously, forsooth, asked to vote against a man who dares to employ Chinese. The millennium is near. A meeting of the sub scribers to the Randwick Asylum has taken place without even one row, nor does it seem that one unkind word was used. The lambs and the lions sat down together, and transacted business without a growl. Perhaps the holy and wholesome peace was due to the forethought of the worthy president, who had ready in the background a large detachment of the children, only anxious to give power to some big chorus, a kind of moral artillery, which could be brought into play at any moment ; or perhaps — and it i6 a much more pleasing thought — the hatchet has been thrown down that artesian bore which has cost over £700 in the making. Let us hope in the ensuing year there will be less squabbling and more actual work, that tram tickets will not form the sub ject of discussions, and that certain directors will not, from sectarian motives, hate each other so fer vently. In the old days of gold-digging it was an axiom that, when slab huts were built and gardens made on a field, it was time to clear out. When nuggets became scarcer, and the pint-pots displayed less after each tub was washed, more time was devoted to home comforts, and many a good man kept to a poor field simply because he could not draw himself away from his comfortable hut and its surroundings. The gold mining of the present, alas, is not like that of the past. The complaint nowadays is that before gold is properly struck the permanent improvements are made. On one promising field in the South — ' promis ing ' because it has produced little else than promises, there have been many dark little games worked, and in no place that is within my knowledge have more pains been taken to deceive the speculative public. It is the custom on this field to fence in the shafts, quartz paddocks, &c.;, s© that no outsider can possibly obtain more than a peep through Borne or other at the golden stuff which is being raised. A newspaper correspondent has no chance whatever of obtaining information, save through the reports of managers, whose statements are not always accurate, and whose written prophecies are rarely verified. Nor are the claims jewellers' shops — a fact 'which, un fortunately, each escort plainly indicates. The Queensland immigration lecturers are doing good service in the old country by securing emigrants of the right stamp. The last shipload which arrived by the Shenir are much appreciated by our Noithern friends. Several of the families on board came with capital, and were ready and willing to settle upon the soil at once. There were over 100 farm-labourers. The greater part of these weie at work within three days of their arrival. The Herald's American correspondent in his late budget gives an interesting account of railway warfare in the States. It seems that one can travel from Chicago to St. Paul, 409 miles, for a shilling ; but he says this is not a public benefit, for very few have occasion to go to St. Paul. And they call the Americans a go-a-head people. If such a chance existed here, there is not a land ' agent or auctioneer of this city who would not have blocks to sell at St. Paul. We would have huge pictures, panoramas in fact, delineating St. Paul's scenery, poetical advertisements, free lunches, and free excursion tickets. Were the charge Is. for a ticket bearing the inscription 'Sydney to Mel bourne' ' between thejlatter and Albury there would not be a block sans the mark of the land agent's enterprise. The ' Civic Fathers ' are determined to no longer act as brakes upon the civic wheels. At their last meeting they actually had the courage to support a high system of rates, and to negative all clap-trap amendments regarding absurd reductions. The majority say in effect, 'There is work to be done, and we must have money wherewith to do it.' This is a change indeed, and it seems that the new blood lately transfused is having a salutary effect. The old style was to take as little as possible in the shape of rates and do a corresponding amount of work, irrespective of sanitary and other requirements. At the recent meeting of the Institute of Surveyors, Mr. T, S. Parrott talked to some more than ordinary purpose concerning the Road and Bridge Depart ment. He complains that its head spends public money in a manner akin to lavishness, without the slightest respect for outside opinions, and instan^ the Iron Cove Bridge as one of the Depart ment's bungles, by which one man lost his life, and several men were permanently injured. Mr. Parrott informed his audience that we are annually spending millions of money on rail way, harbour and river, public building, and other works; and the designs for these works, together with the expenditure which they involve, are no more subject to the scrutiny of the outside public than are the estimates of expenditure required for public works or military purposes in the great empire of Russia. He asks : — 'Was a wholesome criticism applied to the works connected with the design or construction of the Iron Cove Bridge ? Were the schemes for im proving the Kiama and Wollongong harbours, the entrance to the Northern rivers, the Newcastle and Illawarra railways, the Nepean water supply, the city and suburban sewerage, and numberless other costly public works,' subject to a proper test of criti cism? The reply, of course, is, No. And it may be stated that in conducting public works the departments pay little or no attention to the comments of the press. It is, I believe, considered undepartmental to give the slightest attention to hints supplied from sources outside the walls of the public buil dines. This rule is respected in small as well as large matters. It is only when steamers are lost on unimproved bars and men die from caisson fever that the public learn something concerning what should be, but is not, done. 