CHRISTIANITY AND MOEAL PROGRESS. A leading journal of this city, -which claims for itself, we believe, a larger circulation than any of its contemporaries, has recently thought fit to denounce the ministers of religion as hinderers of moral progress. Moral reforms, it is alleged, are left to ' politicians and thinkers.' By politicians and thinkers are meant, we presume, radical politicians and thinkers ot the secularist school. It this be so, it is simply necessary to give the statement a flat denial, and to challenge proof. It is a fact of every-day experience, patent to all the world, that in almost every effort that is being made for the moral improvement of society the ministers of religion are not behindhand. If in any case they prove to be so, it is for the most part because they have allowed themselves to be so far led astray by the ' politicians and thinkers' of their age as to forget their own principles. It is, we admit, through the efforts of Christian politicians and thinkers that moral reform is oftentimes popularised, and finally made per manent by legislative enactments. But what does this ad mission amount to 1 Simply to this — that Christian men of leisure and education, who take a leading part in public affairs, and fill prominent positions in the world of letters, are so influenced by the religion they profess, and the teach ing of its ministers, that they devote their time and ability to further the cause of moral improvement. It is in most cases impossible— nor, if possible, would it be always ad visable — that ministers of religion should thrust themselves into the forefront of public movements. Their duty is to teach principles, and to leave the practical working out of those principles in less occupied hands, or to the zeal of those whom the providence of God has called to offices of secular authority and rule. But what are the grounds on which this charge of moral cowardice and unfaithfulness to their divine commission on the part of the clergy is based % It is alleged that certain Bishops have failed at certain crises of modern history to take the right side, and that Mr. John Brigltt is dissatisfied, from a Radical and Quaker point of view, with the behaviour in certain cases of some of the prelates - -i: the English Church Establishment. We confess that w,- are not suffi ciently well-informed to argue the case for the defendants. We allow that the method adopted in the appointment of English Bishops may not always secure men of the highest moral and spiritual qualifications for the important posts they have to fill. We allow, further, that the clergy of all ranks, like politicians and thinkers, have occasionally made mistakes, and taken a wrong-headed view of their duty in certain specific instances. No one, as far as we know, accepts the doctrine of their personal infallibility. At any rate, we do not. At the same time, we are prepared to amrm that in the history of human progress there have been no mightier factors than the influence of the Christian faith, and the efforts of its teachers ; and that to these the world must ever owe a lasting debt of gratitude for whatever of social and moral elevation it has gradually attained. Three crucial instances are alleged, in which the ministers of religion are supposed to have failed to help forward the cause of moral progress — viz., the amelioration of the criminal code, the prevention of war, and the abolition of slavery. Here, again, we admit that in these and other instances that might be adduced, certain ministers of religion, and some organised Christian sooieties, may have failed to manifest the Christian spirit ; but, none the less, we affirm that it has been to the inculcation of Christian principles by the authorised teachers of the Christian faith in relation to these particular cases that the successful accomplishment of reforms is very largely due. We will limit ourselves at present to the case of slavery. No reasonable man, we think, will venture to deny that the purpose of the Gospel Revelation is the moral and spiritual improvement of the race of man, and the complete reorganisation of human society on the principles which it unfolds. The method of procedure appointed for its agents was not revolutionary, but regenerative. They were not to organise any open attack on existing institutions, however defective or inhuman, but to endeavour to effect their ameliora tion by bringing about a change in individual character. It was assumed that '?' the enduring things below all govern ments and organised evils were the human conscience and the human affections. If these were made pure and right, all else would gradually become so. ' The primitive preachers of Christianity were therefore but little concerned about the outward institution of slavery. Besides, to have proclaimed the duty of immediate and absolute emancipation would have been, as has been well said, ' to have plunged the Roman world into a misery beyond all bounds of conception, and to have let loose a war of extermination between masters and slaves which would have turned Europe and Asia into a field of blood and slaughter.' But the fundamental idea jofjVthe Gospel, the entire equality of men as men, and its fundamental precept, ' Do to all men as ye would that they should do to you,' rung the Upas Tree of slavery for all time. In the Christian societies the slave, though he remained a slave, was a ''brother beloved,' a son of God, a fellow heir with Christ, a temple of the Holy Ghost. Under such con ditions it was impossible that the bondage of Clmstians to Christians could be permanently maintained. It would be felt, and felt with an ever-increasing force, that its continu ance was utterly irreconcilable with the spirit and principles of' Christ. From the first promulgation of the Gospel, therefore, the Christian idea came into conflict with the slavery idea. As the former laid hold of the hearts and consciences of men, the latter was constrained to give way. JiA early as 119 a.d. a converted prefect of Rome presented 1250 slaves for baptism, all having been freed. From the days of Constantine to the downfall of the empire — in short, as soon as the Christian Church could make its in fluence felt on legislation — laws were successively enacted which made emancipation easier; and such was the forwardness of the clergy in promoting and supporting these measures, that they were popularly known throughout the empire as ' the brqthers of the slave.' As time went on, in no fewer than thirty-seven Church Councils — Councils of Clergy, be it noted-— -was the question of slavery dealt with, and enact TYifiVita -nflsfifirl favourable to emanr.ination. '..'? Thus slavery gradually merged into serfdom, for the pircumstances of the times made a complete and universal enfranchisement not only impossible, but undesirable. ; The action of Christian motives on the minds of men was slow, no doubt, but it was no less certain. The Christian conscience was on the side of manumission. The Church was a citadel of liberty to the bondman. The Clergy were the bondman's friend. Everywhere Christian teaching tended to undermine even serfdom. As religion spread abroad, the ideas of human brotherhood and equality grew and prevailed, till at length the last vestiges of man's bondage to his brother, even in its mildest form, gradually disappeared from the face of Christendom. But what shall we say of that revival of slavery by nominally Christian nations which followed upon the dis covery of the islands and Continent of the New World ? ? It is certainly a painful phenomenon in the history of iQhristendom that in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries tiere should be an apparent return to a less Christian state of feeling than that which was current in the middle ages. The truth seems to be that the Christian conscience was still but imperfectly alive to the fact that slavery was a wrong and evil thing in itself. The holding of Christians in bondage by Christians had disappeared; but was it equally an offence against the law of Christ to possess heathen slaves 1 As in Queensland and Fiji in our own day, a class of labour was then urgently needed for the West Indian and Ameiican plantations, which could stand against the heat of a toopical sun. Negroes were imported . from Africa. These negroes were; heathens, and the laws which forbade slavery among Christians seemed inapplicable to them. Was it not a charitable work, moreover, to bring these pagan barbarians under the sound of the Gospel? The religious advantages of the system were held to outweigh the injustice. Even when Christianised, they were creatures so poor, ignorant, and helpless, that for them, at least, bondage was a pre ferable condition to freedom. On some such grounds as these, negro-slavery in America and the colonies was defended and held to be permissible. Gradually the profits of the system and the social status it conferred upon the slaveholder blinded the eyes of those interested to its iniquities. The minds of otherwise good men were com pletely perverted and led astray on the subject. Their moral sense was deteriorated. Christendom had yet to learn that slavery was unchristian, not because the slave was a fellow member of the Body of Christ, but because he was created in the image of God. But although it must be confessed that the public conscience of Christendom stood thus in need of awakening and enlightenment, there was never wanting, in the churches a succession of bold and earnest witnesses who arose to denounce the wrong. Among these, ministers of religion ever held a foremost place. Both in England and America nearly all who engaged in the formation of anti slavexy societies were Christian men who were acting avowedly from Christian motives and on Christian principles, At length emancipation came, and when it did come, after a prolonged and weary struggle against human selfishness, it came through the effect* on the public conscience of the efforts of a small band of Christian workers, clerical and lay, to whose u religious delirium and morbid sentimentalism' (as their zeal was termed by a certain class of ' politicians and thinkers') the victory was chiefly due. It was emphati cally the principles of the New Testament which overthrew slavery in modern as in ancient times. The anti-slavery feeling in every age was begotten of Christianity. ' Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.' On the question of slavery, then, it is hard to understand how any writer of competent historical knowledge should venture to affirm that the ' official guardians of religion' had obstructed and opposed the moral progress of humanity. They were, in fact, as a body, its pioneers and most devoted helpers. We have no objection to the secular press pointing out the real shortcomings of the clergy, and any failures in duty of which they may be guilty ; but it is surely not too much to expect that its strictures should be based on truth, and be free from vulgar prej udice and reckless assertion. A man might as well maintain that the gradual illumination of the world from sunrise to noon is independent of the sun, as maintain that the progressive growth of the principles of love and justice among men is independent of that Sun of Righteousness which eighteen centuries ago arose upon a world that lay in wickedness, with healing in His wings. 