Stcphunotis, "Nay, darling;. nay my bonny girl, . Sot freSiOaoh blossom-prisonod our, Lay.thoss. whito olusters down ; > Let silUen snood with maidim graco . Hold back the ringlets from thy face,' . But not that starry crown. t' Or lot soma simplor blossom twino : .Upon thy forehead, daughter mine, . ' : JBlush roso or lily whito ; : Orlet a eimrilo atring of pearls Gleam girlishly among tby curls, > . Upon this festive night. . Dut toko thoso waxen blooms away, ; Ah, darling 1 thoughts I cannot stay " Spring in' my wokoried heart '; .; Pass on, my sweetest, 'oat of sight,:' . Take thou thy fili of yonng delight, ' While. I- sit hero apart;'? : ' " I hoar her flutter down the stair, , I hear the ohariot 'wheels, that boar: .: ' . .. From: mo my peerless maid Now, whorblore should lt.wako to-night, That ghost of . dead-arid-gono delight ; I thought for ever laid? : !: rl ' Tho air is hoavy with' perfurqp, , . . Out-brcathmllrom that wllito mass .of bloom. I My ohijd laid gently down; Ah mo I an old-timo sorrow stirs J ' . , I boo on ouris as bright as hers ,. ' A atophanotis orowri. . . . ' ; ;. Across dark memory's time-worn, track : A vision of that face come3 back ., i That won.my boyish heart; ,,'/ ' My.vfifo, tho mother .of triy ohild, : : : What waves of sorrow wiao and wild ' ;! Have sot us twain apart." ' Yct.flesh/of flesh, and bono 'oi. bono,'. She. was to me beloved alono - Of all earth's womankind; . Sbo riiiod mo with sriproirie oommand ; ' . I put my honor in hor hand, : .. Lovo mado mo wholly blind. I Kept her from the. world'ripart, '.;/ , v I wore her in my inmost heart A pure and perfect pearl ; Ah ma I I dotcd ovor-mnch, / I novor thought tliab sliamo oould touch " ; The mother of my girl; . Evo 'soaped riot ain'.in Paradise, And ehall her daughters be mora wiso? The tale is common, now; ' Through flowory doiyriward. paths .boguiled, . .Tho mother waridordd from her child, Tlio wifo forgot her vow. Yet on that night of bitter woo Sho stayed to kiss hor ohild, I know, For by tlio littlo bed I found a waxon-potnllcd flowor, Torn, haply, in that parting hour, From lio.r hrinlifc f1rnmiSn<r Imnrl Now if tho greon graao wavco above Her grave, or it .that guilty lovo : Still solaces her lifo, , . I know not, I may novor know, Timo cannot bridgo tho floods that flow , - ,:!Twixt mo and my lost wifo.- 1 Poaoo.pesoo, my hoart ; bo oalm,' bo strong, Tho ohild rotrio7cs tho mother's wrong, Lifo holds now hopes for -thco;. Tho whito flowers perioh in tlio flamo— ' So may tlio post with all its shomo . ' ' Did overmoro for mo I ' — All the Year Sound, 