ALL FOR HIM. [fiv Mits. 0lxnmi", 11. Sims.] CHAPTER XII I. MI'LLY 1 lOPNVOOD. 11 Frank wiih disconcerted at such an un expected mooting, i\l r. Rankin cortainly_ was mil., for lio hold out lii.'i hand and exclaimed in a cherry voice, Holloa, Woolstonholmo ! wh:it 1 h<> douce aro you doing luiro'I" " What, tho deuce are you doiim," returned Frank, gradually recovering from, liits as tonishment.. • • M is I Oh, lam staying with tho Auchostors." "Oil, you know Ilium then " Known 'cm for years ; always van down for a week or two in the summer. Rather unlucky visit this timu—old boy's dying. I shall get away as soon as I can. Wlioro aro you hanging out?" "lam staying at the Hermitage." stam mered Frank. " Oh ! ah, yes; how stupid of,mo to bo sure ! Of course. I hoard in London you wore engaged to Miss Way lio. My best wishes, Woolsl.onholmo. I supposo you'll .give up painting now, eh I 1 Young artist married, young artist marred'—you know I.lie old saying." A shade swept over the artist's features. Strange that on the threshold of his new existence this man should raise the ghost which had haunted that black period of his life, lie turned it oil' lightly, and asked somo trivial question about Lord Auchestor. " Oh, he's been a line old fellow in his time," answered Mr. Rankin. " There won 11)0 a dry eye round hero whon lie goes. The Countess is brokon-heartod about it. Splendid creature the Countess ! Did you see her picture in tlm Academy !" Was it accident, or was there a reason why the man looked so keenly at the artist as ho put the question I "Yea, 1 did seo it," answered Frank uneasily. " I noticed it because it was so like " "So like what ?" asked Mr.' Rankin eagerly. "Someone I knew onco' "Now, I'll bot'you a tenner 1 say who that someone was." hYank's face went white, and ho bit his lip. Did this man know 1 " What do you mean ?" ho asked hoarsoly. "Why, Milly Hopwood\ " In a moment Frank Woolstonholmo had seized hia former patron by tho arm. "What do you know of Milly llopwood, man ! tell me, for Ood's sake !" " lloighty-toighty, what's in tho wind now V" gasped iNLl*. Rankin. " What tho devil was Milly l lopwood to you ?" " What was she to you ?" echoed Frank almost hysterically. " Nothing, except that 1 know hor as a model at the studios. Why everybody who saw the Countess's picture at tho Academy saw it was like Milly llopwood. Why, tho Karl said so when it was being painted. The Countess is like Milly llopwood—very like. Hy-the-by, do you know what became of Milly / She was a well-behaved, quiet girl, and she disappeared suddenly." "She died," answered Frank quietly. "Poor girl! how?" "I don't know. I only know that sho is dead. (!ood morning; 1 daro say I shall come across you again." With a noil, frank turned on his heel, and strode hastily away towards tho llor mitage. An hour later," Mr. Rankin was in his mistress's boudoir. "Did you talk of Milly llopwood, and say all 1 told you ?" asked tho Countess. " Yes, my lady, and it.seemed quite to up set, him." " What did ho say had bocoino of this Milly llopwood, who was so like mo ?" " lie said sho was dead, my lady." " Did ho speak doubtfully 1" " No, my lady ; he seemed quite certain sho w:vs dead." " Now, Rankin, you know what you have to do ; you know that 1 mistrust this hot headed artist, and his influence over Miss Waylio. You know that 1 believe, in his im pulsive way, ho may urge tho girl to a clan destine marriage. 1 don't say ho will, but he may. Sho has promised mo to wait six months, but with such men, women are weak. If you see tho slightest ground for suspicion, I have told you tho history of this Milly llopwood—my poor cousin—and this man, and you will know what to do." Mr. liankin bowed and retired. " Mum's tho road that leads to fortune," he muttered to himself, " and your secret's safe with mo. But you might just as well have loft that story about the poor cousin. If your name wasn't Milly llopwood onco, Lady Auchestor, I'm not your obedient, humble servant, .rallies Rankin." CHAPTER XIV. THE LOVERS' SEAT. Millicent Woolstenholmo hail married Lord Auohester with a linn, sot purpose. In thu tirst place, she saw in his wealth a means nf saving her husband and her mother from want and misery, and of enabling the former io live the life of easo and comfort, which was essential to his success in profession. But beyond all this, there lay now a romantic ilesiro to crown her strange career with an act of heroic solf-sacrilice. Through ill-, -lames Rankin, she had kept herself well posted in Frank's movements, for since her mother's death, a year ago, the artist had engaged her secretary's solo attention. She had hoped against hope that ho would fall in love with no other woman, and it was a blow under which she fairly reeled when the news came to her that ho was engaged, and to the one she loved best 011 earth—pretty, inno eant Rose Waylio. It was a strango fatality that her sin should have brought about again the very misery to avoid which she had sinned. Her interview with Rose had convinced her that the girl had giv.Mi hcv whole heart to Woolstenholmo, and that to clash tho cup of happiness from her lips would kill her. She sat watching all through the summer's night by tho Earl's bedside, and as she watched she looked the future sternly in the face. To allow things to proceed quietly as they were, was to allow two human lives to drift slowly to shipwreck. It was open to her to speak out and tell the ghastly truth, but of what avail would that lie ? it might save two innocent people from disgrace, but the blow would strike them all the same. And then there was the man who lay dying by her side. Could she make such a confession now, and let his last hours 011 earth be tortured by such a dis covery ? 2u>, she must be silent for the present. While the Earl lived, her placo was by his side, and sIiq would keep it.- No moment's pain had she caused him all their married life ; none should come to him now. While he lived she would take care no harm happened. When he was dead—well, then, she had long ago made up her mind what should happen. # * #• * * » * A few evenings after she went to Ilawkes dene, Rose Waylio and her lover were walking in the Hermitage garden. In the summer house the old Squire sat and smoked his pipe, and the lovers strolled—accidentally, of course—so far away from him that he could not hoar their conversation At the bottom of the Hermitage garden was a thick copse, and just in the shade of it the Squire had put a garden-seat in order that ho might enjoy a pipe in the noonday sun without the inconvenience of catching f lic rays 011 the back of his neck. On this seat Frank and Rose sat themselves down to talk. There was a troubled look in Rose's face which was a stranger to it, and Frank was talking in a hurried, nervous way, which betokened .that something more than love's platitudes was the subject of conversation'. " llose," he said, taking the girl's hand in bis, " forgive mo for urging this upon you, but I have a strange, unaccountable fear that something will step between us and our happiness. I feel in every day we linger that 'something'comes nearer. In my time, Rose, I have suffered much, and wish to put this happiness beyond the power of Fate. V'ou have your father's consent to our union, why should it be delayed ?" "Only till the winter, Frank—only six months." " Only six mout-lis ! Oh, Rose, what may not happen in those six long dreary months? NVIiy should wo not bo married ut once V There wore a hundred reasons whicli tlio girl could li.'ivo given, a hundred whicli ;i woman of tlio world would have lmd ready on hor tongue in a moniont; but Rose was a little village maiden, and knew nothing of tho world, and so she said, "1 don't know that there is any particular reason, but papa docided it should bi> in six months' timo, and the Countess says so too. She made mo promiso to toll lior when it would bo, Frank, and I have told her in tlio winter—and— and I 've promised hor it shall not bo boforo." "What right lias this woman to stand between 1110 and my lovo ?" exclaimed Frank angrily. '• She is tlio best friend I over had in the world, Frank. I'm suro she only said it for tho best." , " Listen to mo, Roso. I lind liopod that you loved mo better than all the world, that you were willing to bo mino, and trust your whole life to my keeping ; and now you bid 1110 wait six months because this woman, for somo silly whim, wishes it." " You arc cruel, Frank." " No. my darling, lam not. I lovo you as no man ever loved woman yet, and if 1 woro to lose you 1 should die. Oh, Rose, Hose for God's sake listen to me now! 1 fear— nay, I am suro—that unless wo uro. married soon, tho mocking Fatos will ■ stop between us and force us asunder. It is a supersti tion, a prosontimont—what you will, but it is strong upon me to-night, and it is sent as a warning." "The girl was frightened, and tears sprang to her eyes." " What would you havo mo do, Frank V' "Got your father to como up to town, and 1 will arrange that wo shall bo married quietly in London, and no one shall know. From tho church you shall go straight to your father's roof, and J will not claim you till tho six months havo expired—unless you wish it." "But, Frank, this would be wrong I" . " Wrong, Rose!" ploaded tho man passionately, as lie caught Roso to his arms. "Nonsense, my darling, how could it bo wrong ? Everyone agrees that wo aro ro bo married ; why not at onco ? Onco lot tho church havo put her soal upon our union ; and made us man and wife, and then no power on oarth can part us. Say, Roso, shall it net bo i" Ho kissed hor tenderly as ho spoke, looked into hor eyes, and sho was conquered. Love roso up in a great torrent in hor heart and swept all other feelings before it. " Yes, Frank, it shall bo so, if you wish it. When V ' " At onco, my own Rose—at onco. To-night I will talk to the Squire, and got him on somo oxcuso or other to bring you up to town in a few days. To-morrow 1 will leave for Lon don and arrange tho preliminaries for out marriage." Ho, sealed the contract with a kiss, and then tlioy roso and wnlked towards tho Squiroj and went into tho house with him. Five minutes afterwards a man crept stealthily from tho copso and walkod sharply away in the direction of tho Hall. CHAPTER XV. A MORNING CALL. Mr. Woolstonholmo returnod to town on " urgent private business," mid pooplo who had heard that ho was away in the country for some months were surprised to aoo liim about again. ITis clients and his patrons found out very soon that lie was back, and dropped in upon him to inquiro tho roason. And one morning who should bo announced but Mr. James Rankin. "Holloa, Woolstonholmo," said that gentleman, as ho was ushoredinto tho studio ; "so you're back from Hawkesdono, thon ?— so am ]. Boon back long V " Only a day or two," said Frank ; " any news ?" "No ; why do you think Icallod on you?" "Don't know I'm suro." "You romombor our conversation at Hawkesdono about Milly Hopwood ?" "D 11 Milly Hopwood!" said Frank, flushing crimson. "What about her?" " Oh, only you said you know her onco." "Sol did—what of that?" " Oh, nothing, only I wanted to know,: as you soemod intorosted, if you'd heard the latest." "What tlio devil do you moan, man?'1 cried Frank hoarsoly, and ondeavorlng to conceal his emotion. ' * Why, she's over in Paris—110 end of a. swoll; Ologhorn met hor at a supper party and recognised hor in a minuto." " It's false—she's dead." "So everybody thought, but it must have been a hoax, for sho answered to tho liamo directly Cleghorn spoko to hor. "-She boltod with some follow, I beliove, and I dare say tho story of hor death was put about by him to stop inquiries." " Good God ! man, what's tho matter ?" Frank Woolstonholme had swooned uud fallen heavily to tho ground. Mr. Rankin rang tho boll violently for assistance, and waited till Frank showed signs of recovering. Then I10 put 011 his hat and slipped quietly away. " I don't think you'll want that license yet awhilo, my gentleman," ho said; "and my lady can make hor mind easy about Miss Waylic for some timo to come." Then Mr. Rankin transacted a little moro business in town and had a long interview with Lady Auchester's solicitor. In tho evening he called at Woolstenholmo's house to inquire how lie was. " Is your master bottor V' he asked the servant. " I don't know if ho's any better, sir, now ; but ho's boon goin' on like a madman ever since you was hero." "Can I seo him ?" "Not without a crossin' tho sea, sir, I expect by this time." " Why, whore's he gone to, then 1" " He's gone to, Paris by the mail, air." "Phew!" whistled Mr. Rankin. "If I10 waits there till ho finds Milly Hopwood wo shall liavo time to do all we want. That is a bit of luck." And then Mr. Rankin turnod 011 his heel and made his way to the railway station, en route for Hawkesdono. (Tu be continued.) Fedkratiox of the Coi.oxihs.—The Bed fordshire Times, writing upon the proposed federation of the colonies, says :—" The New Guinea, annexation affair, though temporarily checked by the judicious action of the Go vernment at home, is likely to prove a link in an important chain of events connected with our Australasian colonies. - It was not to be expected that the Queenslanders would be altogether pleased with the decision of the Home Government, and they are very naturally sending a memorandum urging a reconsideration of tho subject. But what is more significant is that they also invite the Home Government to " take measures with a view to providing federal Government for Australia." Among other suggestions made here at homo is that of tho formation of an Australian navy " which, stationing itself on the eoast of New Guinea, should have within its larger and most important services, power to deal with outrages, either by or against natives in the neighborhood of its station." It is plain that whatever may be tho im mediate outcome of existing circumstances, the time is not far distant when tho present Australasian colonies will be confederated, and when they will moreover be supplemented by a number of the out-lying bits of terra lirmn, larger or smaller, of tho southern hemisphere. The development of the insular pai»ts of that hemisphere, and the agglomeration of those parts into one Dominion, was not possible until tho latter years of the present century ; but now that invention and industry have made it possible, it has become not only probable but inevitable. It will be interesting to watch the rise and growth of a con solidated power consisting so largely of widely scattered islands and islets. Fkkxcii Coin-ace.—The Deputy-Master of the British Mint notes tho remarkable fact (says the Insurance R-f.n-'t) that, with the ex ception of a small number of 100-franc pieces, no gold whatever was coined at the Paris Mint during the whole of last year, and that there has been no coinage of French gold piecca for general circulation since 1S79. The coinage of French silver has, moreover, been limited to the issue of haif-frane pieces, forming part of tho subsidiary coinage authorised by tho Monetary | Convention and commenced in 1SS1, 