ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [By ToE GHOST.] MELBOURNE, Juno 30. Just as the arrival of the swallows in the old country and of the blowflies in Australia heralds the advent of spring, so does the appearance of members of Par liament in the metropolis indicate the approaching opening of the legislative business of the country. M.P's. may now be aeon airing their importance in Collins strect prior to airing their eloquence in the Council and Assembly chambers. If rumour is to be credited, the session is, however, to be more devoted to work and less to talk than any former one. "Burn ing" questions-which by the way are by this time pretty well burnt out-are to be allowed to smoulder, and care taken not to allow them to be fanned afresh into a flame.: There is, of course, to be a Rail. way Bill, a Civil Service Reform Bill, and a-Harbour Trust Amendment Bill. The land question, excepting in so far as the msallee country is concerned, is to be let severely alone, and unless Mr. Miranis again comes to the front with his tearing fad is to be postponed to a more con venient season. To enumerate all the amending measures that are to be brought in would alone prove some what of an arduous task. If only half of them become law we shall be much nearer legislative perfection than any other country, save Utopia. But although the political horizon is at the present moment without a cloud, iand the barometer is at "set fair," there is no saying how soon a storm may arise. There is an uneasy feeling prevalent in the minds of members on all aides of the House that matters are somewhat too pleasant. Just as weathsr-wise people are apt to predict that "it's too fine to last" when there is nothing but bright sunshine and cool breezes,eo do politicians who profess to see some distance beyond their noses say that the present calm is unnatural, and that any day the storm may burst with tropical violence. Whence the hurricane will come no one appears to be able to foretell. Whether it will arise on the Government or the Opposi tion cross benches, behind the Ministry or in front of them, is yet a mystery. But that it will come sooner or later seems to be a foregone conclusion. A French statesman once averred that the unfore soon was constantly happening. The pro cees of disintegration, which will ore long inevitably set in amongst the Minis torial supporters, may afford another illustration of the aphorism. It will lie curious to watch the beginning of the end, and interesting to note the first symptoms of the "ratting" movement. Mr. C.' H. Bromby, ex 'Attorney General for Tasmania, has been having anything but a pleasant time of it at the bands of the Press. Under the guise of delivering a lectore under the title of "The English in Ireland," this self-con stituted advocate of the Land League has been raking up the scandals of a bygone ago, and has hung them up for 'the delectation of his audiences. Whsn the character of his deliverances became known, some of the public halls he had engaged were closed to him, and he was compelled to seek other places in which to endeavour to sow the seeds of discord. He managed to inveigle the ordinarily aststoetown clerk of Melbourne into allowing him the use of the Town Hall; but the Daily Telegraph stepped in, and in a leader, in which some very unpleasant' epithets were freely used, called upon the Mayor to rescind thepermission. ThisiMr. Dodgehun accordingly did, muclh.to the disgust and disappointmentof the lecturer,, who now throatens legal proceedings in consequence of what he terms's breach of contract. Should the aggrieved gentle man appear as a plaintiff in our superior courts of law, it is to be hoped, for Ihis own sake- at least, that he will be more. successful than when last lie figured as a defendant before one of the inferior ones. At the Hotham Patty Sessions, for not paying a cab fare, lhe was ordered by the Magistrates to die. bhrse two shillings with fifteen shillings costs. His ride from the Melbourne Club to the Hotham Town Hall was thus a somewhat expensive one. Eight shiil. lings a mile for a ride in a hansom is a tolerably stiff price. But then "cabby" has not the honour every day of driving about such an ."illustrious stranger." Speculation is rife as to whether as a rule " patriots" are in the habit of bilking their cabmen-Mr. Bromby has caused "patriotism" to be quoted rather low in the market, and to set some people asking whether some one did not in years gone by describe this much besmirched virtue as "the last resource of the scoundrel." At last a use has been found for poor, despised, much maligned bunny. The Canterbury Times reports that a Dr. Wilkins has discovered that an injured cornea in the hruman eye can be com pletely restored by substituting for the diseased portion the visual organ of a rabbit. What a blessing this will be to the human raoo in general, and politi cians In particular, when they shall no longer have a " blind side I" And what an advantage, too, to the rabbits l What a 'noble mission is theirs I They are to restore sight to the blind, their corneas engrafted on the eyes of the sightless re storing them again to the light and glad ness of the world. Henceforth lot not every man's hand, as in the past, be against the rabbit. If the " pests" are to die lot it be as martyrs toetienco anly. It will not' enhance the flavour' of a ragout to think that it may perchance contain the means of restoring the eye sight to some poor wretch wiho lacks it. The other colonies of the Australasian group are likely hefers long-that is if Fijian female human nature resembles that found in ether portions of the globe -to he benefited by what is generally termed " a healthy flow of immigration." A bill has boon introdssced into tha Fijian Legislature' having for its object thse abolition of actiosns for breads of promise of marriage. This is somewhsat rough en the gentler sex. Eligible young men may henceforth flirt at tlseir sweet svill sad pleasusre,' and confirmed old bachelors pay "deliests attention" to ladies of a certain ago without thse fear qf conssequencos interposIng to mar thseir pleaeurs. But~ whsy, when dealing with thso question it Is almost a matter for regret, from an experimental point ef view, that our Fijian friends did not eno in for a thoresigh reform in conneetioss wills the entire basiness of matrimassy and its surrousnlings. Wife diesertioss might have been declared to be nsa longer an offence, the laws relating to divorco repealed, and all breaches in the nmarriags contract condoned by act of Parliament. This would have paved thse way for a great social roform. If sv'y a pfsos do maria! was once a cry raised dasring one of the many revoluttions experienced in France. ''Tie somewhoat strsnge to find .the sontitnont6 clohod to a great extenst in Fiji. Scandal is not confined exoluseisely to eountry towno and female cotocics. In fact it is somewhat of a moot polust Swhetihor Melbosurne is not the favosured centreaof tittln-tattle and its jstne~ssc dorsde quite as ready to propagate " naughaty stereos" as any set af old women. Of late the meascisce fassgues have achieved a trisumph. They have driven a yosssg lady, well known on " the block," to take refuge ina San Francisco to escape thesir malicious 'inuendoes. They have coupled heor name with that of two well known members of the "sapper ten," one a gallant military officer, and the Iother a partner in one of osr' largeet mercantile firms. One of this pair is, however, a bachelor, so in oneorespect thse tale hears the stamp of amprobabsilty. Any way, there is one prett little lady "on the blocle " since thsia last little insisqsity hsas boon talked aboute. 'Ocr theatres are, ins mercantile par lance, " inactive." Some of thse engago. senots are drawing to a close, and some .chsanges of fomcal are to take place, liies Pomoroy goene to England, and Rignold is to migrate from the Royal to the Opera House. The Marion Willis Com. ptny, that for so long occupied the boards of the Ballarat Thlatoe', are, under tho chaperonage of that wellkknown imprc.e sarto and manager, Mr. Harry Symons, about to start for Tasmania and New Zealand. " Burnt Cork" still more than holds its own at the Victoria Hall. You see Mrs. Hampton has for a while ceased her services, and the places of samuosment have in consequence larger audiences. It is somewhat surprising how it has become a part of some people's existeuce to leave their homes and "go somewhere of an evening," and as they can't go to hear Mrs. Hampson gratis, they pay to see Miss Pomeroy. 