THE MELBOURNE PRESBYTERY An adjourned mcoting of tho Molbonrao Pros- by tory waB held at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning at Chalmers Church, Eastcrn-hill, for tho pur. poso of considering business in connection with tho resignation of tho Rov. Charles Strom- sn.l other matters. There was a good nttondanco of tho momberB of tho Presbytery, and a large num ber of lay members of tho cbarcb, botli nralo and femalo, wore also present, tho building being well filled throughout tho day. Tbo ltov. A. Hardio, modorator of the Presbytery, presided! Tho proceedings having boon opened with the usual devotional oxcrciscs, tho minutes of ilia last meeting woro read by tho Rev, J, Dallantyne clork of tho Prosbytory, ' THE PROSECUTION OF THE REV. C STRONG. Mr. Thomas Baillio, a representative of lbs Scots' Church congregation, objectoil to a slate, ment on tbo minutes that a certain momorial which was presented at last meeting, and which ox. pressed regret at tho circumstances which had lol dp to tho resignation of tho Rov. Mr. Strong, was presented by tho Scots' Cburok District Socioty. The fact waB that the momorial bad emanated from a numbor of poor people in the back slums who had benefited by the interest which tho Rev. Mr, Strong oxhibitcd In their spiritual wel fare. The clork replied that the momorial was dedi. gated to " the Presbytery of Melbourne, from tbo Scots' Church District Society." Tho minutes woro thon confirmed. tiie onpkn of business. Tho clork road tho order of business, as follows : — 1\. Communication from tlio Rev. Mr. Shearer, o( Perth. 2. A memorial from the congregation 0! North Willlamstown. 8. Call from Donillquln to tho Rev. tlr. Mockio. 4. Report of Dr. M'Donald as chairman of tho mcoling ot Scots' Church, which wis held in connection with tho resignation of tlio Hcv. 0. Strong. S. Commissioners from tlio congregation to tho pres bytery. C. Memorial from tho members oi tho BcotB' Church District Society. 7. Rev. D. S. M'Eacliran's motion on tlio charges u'liioh ho has to bring against the Itcv. C. Strong. mi. M'poiahn's HEPOHT. Tho minor matters comprised iit tho first threa orders on tho paper having boon disposed of, Tho Rev. Dr. M'Donald said ho had, in accor. danco with the instructions ho had received from tho prosbytery, convened a mooting of tho Scots' Church congregation to consider tho proposed resignation of thoir minister, tbo Rov. Charles Strong. Tho meeting was held on Friday night last, btttthero was really not much to do,bccauso there were no questions so far as bo (Dr. AI'Donald) understood, that could bo raraod except the one question as to whether the con gregation did or did not eonBont to tho resigna tion of their minister. No one had opposed tho resignation. Thoro woro now genltcmon present to reprcsenttho various autho rities in connection with tho Scots' Church, Tbo congregation agreed that tho resignation should bo accepted b"Y the presbytery. They mado no denial ; tboy raised no question. Ho might add that it bad boon his fortuno many times to moot congregations of that church in connection with matters of interest to thorn. It Had been bis duty moro than onoo to Intimate tho death of ministers. Rut in looking back on his oxperfenco as a member of that presbytery and a minister of the Presbyterian Church, bo could say that ho never took part in any proceedings charac terised -by dcopor sorrow, by greater unanimity — (applause) — by greater aifoction for Iho muns. tor — (loud appluuso) — or by conduct moro proper in overy respect — (renewed applause). Tho moderator remarked that tho presont pro csodings were of a most painful t nature— tho sovcranco of a pastor undor any circumstancos was n sore thing, and ho did bopo those present . would restrain thoir foolings a little, so that tboy might give calm and collective consideration to tho subject, . Dr. AI'Donald procoedod to say that at tlio meoting of tho Boots' Church congregation on Friday evening, a very groat deal of solf-rostralnt was excroisod ; there was no attempt to mate any noisy domonatration, and ho hoped tea frionds presont would tako tho hint given byte" moderator. When lie arrived at Scots Chorea on the evening in question he had found tea loading members of tho congregation 111 sKa10' and tuoy had agreed to tho important pspcr which would be submitted presently by commis sioners from tbo congregation, who woro now 111 attendance. Tkroo separate bodies were repre sented at tbo meeting to which I10 rciorrou 1, namely, tbo session, tuo trustees of the ocois Church property anil tlio board of management. At the request of tho moderator, tho repress tatives 0: the congrogation who woro present rose. , , . „ . Mr. Eaillio, one of tbo delegates, staled Hut neitbor be nor any of his colleagues in tendon 1 mako any remarks. Ho would simply road » document which had been agreed to, and wuit contained tbo views of tho session, the trustees, the committeo of management nud tho congrega tion on tbo subject, llo thon read as follows At a meeting of tho congregation ol the Jjc® Church, Melbolimo, hold In tho church on tbo ot en ing of Friday, 14th September, 1883, at 8 0 Dr. M'Donaii, moderator, tho ioliowlug resolution tvas adopted That commissioners from tlio coiiJi gation bo appointed to attend tho noxt mooting® presbytery, and to inform tho presbytery mat congregation liavo rcccivod tbo intimation ol Strong's resignation with profound Borrow and rep That during tho eight years of his ministry, his jo . have been most acceptable aud highly aj>prcc br and tlio congregation gratefully acknowledge n« ») lilo ability, carnostnosa and zoal they havo ntum a dogreo of prosperity and efficiency unexamp ' In their history. That ho has endeared hlm'W to all classes of tlio congregation, moro spoc / to tlio young, by whom lio Is beloved and ro That ho coiitlnuos to enjoy tho confldonco 01 flock, nnd that tho relations botween him and are of tlio most cordial and harmonious run That tha congregation rejoice that they h'T „ 0i privileged to co-oporato with Mm In mo jab ,j,c love among tlio sick, tho poor, tlio outcaot « tM fallen of tho city. That whilo dopply rcCTottlng loss which Mr. Strong's removal will entail upon congregation, and, as tlioy hollove, upon , havs and tho community gonorally (a loss vdilcli ''j' unsuccessfully triod to avort), the conK(cj- ,.re,t,T. dcfcrcnco to Mr. Strong's doslro to Icavo tho F torian Church of Victoria, aud for no ot her rej>»u, iuctantly acquiesce In his requeet that h o reBlim" ho accepted. It was furthor resolved that tno intioioners shall lio tlio members o( tho kirk 9 itialrustscSi'tbe raembors ot the board ol manage. S,., . and Moesrs. Win. Cummlng, Jatnoa Orkney, J. a JohMen, Ooorgo Martin, Or, Wilkin, Wm. Smith, Wim cralg and Franole Graham.— (Signed for and ou behalf -of -tho congregation), TilOUAS Bailub, Chair man ' ",0 Uanagcment. Uethourne, 18th Sentombor, 1883. . The resolutions wero tocsivcu. TUB MltUOBIAI. I.t VAVon OF tin. STilONd. riie.raomorial in favor of thoRov. Mr. Strong, which was referred to at tho oponingof tho meet- inc and which has already boon published, was then road' bjr tho clerk, who on bohalf of tho nresbylory expressed rogrot that tho documant had not como up in tho usual formal way. It was -also regretted that tho momorial containod some statcmonts which might bo questioned, but tho presbytery had thought it would bo only right to nivo ovcry roasonablo advantago to tho memorialists. l'lio clerk, in answer to a question, slated that tho memorial was signed by 63 persons. Mr. Bailiio said ho was porhaps technically wrong in stating that tho memorial did not pro ceed From tho Soots' Church DisLrict Sooicty, but most of thoso who signed it woro iilitcruto people; not ono of whom was a mombor or seat- holder of Scots' Church. Thoy wero porsons who", through tho influenco of Mr. Strong, and through his influence alono, had beon brought to bear tho flospol, and ho (Mr. Bailiio) thought tho presbytery, under tho circumstances, might make somo allowanco if their memorial woro not expressed in altogether proper form. Tho memorial was received. Tim CIUHOKS AGAINST Mil. STItONO, The Moderator stated that tho Rov. P. B. M'Eachran would now submit his charges against the Rev. Chas. Strong. Tho Rov. W. Groundwater Fraser protested against thia matter being proceeded with until ilfty the resignation had been dealt with. (Ap plause.) Tho Moderator replied that it was utterly im possible to enter into tho question ot tho resigna tion; wbilo such cbargos as those to bo brought by Mr. M'Kaohran wero ponding. Moreover tho presbytery had ngrced to tho order of procedure, and it could not now bo departed from. Mr. Hay submlttod that ho couid not under stand tho moderator's ruling. They had already disposed of sovoral items of business, and why "couldn't thoy continue, and dctermino upon tho resignation ? Tuo Rev. A. Yulo supported tho chairman's ruling. Tho Rov. XV. G. Fraser rose to oxplain. Mr. J. M. Balfour protested against Mr. Fraser being again heard an this question. In'roply to tho Rov. Mr. Hay, tho Mode rator said ho world certainly insist that Mr. M'Eachran should bo heard at tho pre sent stage. It would ho totally opposed to tbo ordinary practico to consider tho resignation whilst such charges as woro to bo brought for ward wero hanging over tho R07. Charles Strong's head. ' Thoy bail to kcop within tho rules. Tuo resignation had not oven been read yet. Ho was perfectly helpless in the mattor, and could only abido by the accepted order of business. Tbo'ltov. Mr. Hay ; It is quito competent for mo to movo a resolution. Tho moderator : Certainly. Die Rov. Mr. Hay : Then I movo that tho resignation of tho Rov. Charles Strong bo not ac cepted. The Modorator : The only motion you can movo is onodisagrceingwith my ruling. Tho' Rov. Mr. llay : Then I movo'tbat. (Ap plause.) Mr. W. If. Thomson seconded tho motion, which on being put was negatived by a largo ma jority. Tho liovs. W. G. Fraser and Hay en tered their dissent, on tho ground that tho busi ness relating to tho resignation should havo been proceeded with. Tho Rov. D. S. M'Eachran then roso tohringfor- ward'tho charges ho had made against tho Rov. Charles Strong at tho preceding meeting of tho prosbytcry. Ho charged him with promulgating and publishing unsound doctrine, both by his action in connection with tho recent lecture of Mr. Hig'mbotkam and othorwiso ; also, with being guilty of teaching and conduct tending to destroy tho order, unity and poaca of tho church; also, with failure to assert, maintain and defend tkir doctrine of tho church, when it was in hispower to do so and further with failure to comply with tho instructions of tbo prcsbytory to givo promi- ncnco-in his touching to tho Incarnation, tho atoning life and death and tho resurrection aud ascension of our Lotd, Tho duty of bringing this matter before the presbytery had been laid upon him by a number of tbo most respected ministors and elders of that court, and ho dared not shrink from it. (Hear, hoar.) Tho outrago committod on tho oonscionco of the community by tho deli very of Mr. Higinbotham's lecture in Scots' Church was each thai if they did not call Mr. Strong to accouht for it thoy would bo guilty of moral cowardice and unworthy of tho position tbsy occupiod as rulern in tbo houso Of God. Putting oil tbo facta together, he hold that Mr. Strong could not freo himself from responsibility in regard to tbo locture, and ii that were so, then ho hold that his first thrco cbargos . wero proven. It was, too, a remark able fact that' the published teaching of Mr. Strong wuspreaisely in the line of tha teaching of the loctaro. The lecturer had spoken out plainly, so Unit no- ono could misunderstand bis meaning ; but in doing so bo had only Bai-1 dearly anddistinctly what Mr.. Strong had again and again said dimly and unambiguously. (Dissent.) Mr. Strong had not gono so for as Mr. Higlnbotham in plainly denying the inspira tion of tho Scriptures, bnt his teaching on that subject pointed prccisoly in tho same direction. Tho whole drift of his teaching was to lower the writien Word of God in tho esteem of men, and to shake tho faith of men in its infnllibio truth and its divino authority. On tho doity of tho Lord, also, tho teaching of Mr. Strong was precisely in tho lino of that of tho lecturer. Tho h'st intimation thoy rcccivod of this was somo six years ago, whon Dr. M'Croa published a lottor lauding Mr. Strong for preaching " tho' true divinity of Josus. On tho point of revealed religion in genora), Mr. MrougV views wore again in accord with thoso of tho lecturer. In none of Mr. Strong's published writings did ho (Mr. M'Eachran) find a clear and explicit statement of tho doity of tho Lord, of Bio- propitiatory sncritico and His resurrection from i tho doad. Tho sum and substanco of His teachings appeared to bo judged from his pub lished writings, that JesU3 hatl taught them that God was a father, that all men were brethren, and that thoy should lovo God and one another ; but, as thoy had already seen, that was precisely tho oreed of tho lecturer. That ho was not mis- roprcscnting'Mr, Strong was plain from tho foot thai the prosbytcry, with regard to his artielo en tho Atonomont,. had admonished him henceforward to give prominence in his teachings to tha incarnation, tho atoning lifo and death ebd tho resurrection and asconston of our Lord, Alt these things went to show that Mr. Strong was in sympathy with tho lecture ; and,, if ' so, ma responsibility for its dolivory, was immensely increased. Ho was found getting another man jo say plainly what ho had not tuo courago nor tuomanlines3 to say plainly himself. (Loud and tcntmued hisses from tho body of tho ohurch, with cries of Sharao and applause.) It might m> said' that Mr.. Strang had disavowed tho lee- inre m a sermon in tho Scots' Churoh, but this, ntsavowal hod not como until throo wcoks after jjio ieoturo, .whon all tho mischiof was donoi uat tho disavowal,: moreovor, was not a disa vowal; but'was an apology for tho locturo. Tho Very apology ho mado showed. ho was- tu sympathy with tho lecture. As to the charge- that Mr; Strong had boon guilty oftoachlng nnd conduct, tending to destroy the order, unity aud pcacoof tho church it seemed to htm that thnt wne tbo work in which ho had boon ongnged ovcrsinco ho came to tho colony. IIo had fully admitted that ho had boon a dis- turbor of tho peaco, nnd had pleaded in justi fication that ho was a reformer and that all re formers must disturb tho peaco of tho body with which thoy woro connoctod. Mr. Strong had introduced, for tho purpeso of boing sung by hie congregation, 24 Jiymns, which wero as destituto of Christianity as tho books of tho Stato schools. Ono of tho hymns certainly, was an invocation to tho Holy Ghost, but it was not Christian in its tono, and might havo beon sung by Mr. Martineau. Ho had also in troduced for the teaching of children a Christian Catechism, but ho (Mr. M'Eachran) thought it might much more filly bo called a first Unitarian Catechism. Thoro was not a word in it with regard to Josus being tho Son of God. Ho liad now en deavored to perform tho painful and woigbty duty which had been imposod upon him. Ho know tho storm of obloquy and abnso which iris conduct in this respect would bring down on Iii3 bond. Ho know tho low and base feelings which wonld bo nttributod to thorn by men who could not appreciate high motives, and who judged others by themselves, and ho know tho turmoil into which tbo church would bo cast probably for many a ion" day, and tbo alienations and heart burnings which would bo produced in consc- quonco. But tlieso considerations should not movo them. A crisis had arisen in tho church, by far tho greatest that Jiad yet como upon it, and woo would bo with them if thoy did not now defend tho Gospel. They wonld ho faiso to themselves, to -thoir glorious ancestry, to tho pcoplo over whom they were set and to all the churcbos whoso common Christianity was assailed if thoy did not set themselves with calm but fixed resolve to clear thoir church from all complicity in tho teachings of uuitarlanism. Ho had tried to do his part and bo now loft tho matter in tha hands of tho presbytery in the fullest confidence that they would not fail to do thcirpnrt. (Applause,)' Tho Rov. o. Robinson said he was fully sensible of tho solemn responsibility that rested upon them at that momont. Ho thought they would all aeknowlodge that Mr. M'Eachrau spoko tho truth when lie said thoy had reached a great crisis in tha history of their church. Ho was not surprised to seo tho high tono of earnestness and nnxioty adopted by Mr. M'Eachran in his speech. It was what ho expected of him after tho abuse to which ho was subjected in tho daily press, and in tho weekly and monthly press. Ho (Mr. Robinson) hoped that in tho discussion which- was to tollow solf restraint would bo exorcised, and that thoy would look this matter in tho faco witn oarncstncss. If that woro dono he was porauadod that neither '.ho interests of tho chiirch nor of religion would suffer, whatever might bo tho finding. Ho thon proposed tho fol lowing motion : — That tho charges now made arc of sneh a grave and serious character as to roquire (urtlior investigation, anil as tho Rov. Charles Strong Is thoroby accused— among other things— uf heresy, tbo presbytery re solve, in tho first place, to call upon Mr. Strong " to give full and explicit answers," to such " questions hearing on the points invtdved in- tha accusation" as tho prosbytcry shall dotornilnc. Further, that the presbytery determine to ask tho following questions with sucn others as it may decide' upon 1. Do you hatiovo and Lcaah the prnpor Doity of tho Lord Jesus -Christ? Do you bolioro and teach that thoSon'of Clot! who became mau in Jesus Christ, existed from all Gternity-as the second person o! the Trinity, and was very God, of ono substance and equal with tho Father? 3. Do you bciicvo aud tcaoh that thcro is a difference in kind, not merely a diiforcnco ut degree botweon tho incarnation of God in Ohri9t and tho indwelling ot God Id Christians? 4. Do you bcliave and teach , that tiio miracles rocoriicd in the Gospels aro vcritablo facts of history? 6. Do you believe and teach that tho Lord Jesus Christ' was' not born by onlinnry generation, but was conceived hy tho power of tho Holy Spirit and born of tho Virgin Mary? 0. Do ycu believo that, as narratod in John's Gospel, Lazarus died and was buried at Rethany, and that our Lord did then call him back to lifo? 7. Do youbulicvo and tcacii that our Lord Jesus Christ was emoineUl dead and buried, that Ho roso again from tho dead on tho third day, leaving the tomb omnty; and that IIo thereafter visited ami spake with Ills apostles and other disciples ? 8. Do you baliovo and teach that tho risen Lord ascended to Ilcaven from tiio prcscnco of His disciples, and that lie now and ever llvolli, and can hear tho prayers of Ills peoplo and mako inter cession for them? 9, Do you believo and teach tbat Jesus Christ is the propitiation for our sins, that by . His lifo nnd death Ho satisfied God and made recon ciliation for then ? 10. Do you bolieve and tonch that tha Iloly Spirit is In tho same ecnao and equally with the Eternal Son, a person of tho Holy Trinity, and not a racro divine influonce Tho Rev. A, Yule socomleil tbe motion pro formil, Tho Rov. Mr. Ahernothy inquired whether in addition to tho putting oi intorrogalories to Mr, Strong a libol was also to bo instituted. Tho Moderator : Wo have not jot reached tho stago of a libol. The Rev. Mr. Aboruetby i Then' are wo fo un ders tand that if Mr. Strong answers thequeations satisfactorily that settles tbo nholo question 2 Tho Modorator : If tho presbytery adopt this motion, and -tho questions aro satisfactorily answered by Mr. Strong, tho whole mattor will ho at an end. If tho questions are not satis- factorily answered thon yon must go. on to tho judicial procoss of libel. Tho Rov. Mr. Hay roso amidst prolonged ap plause. Tho Moderator said the court must bo allowod to'dcliberato in sitenco, nnd if tho audicnco would persist in manifesting any feeling thoy must run tho risk of boing excluded. Tho Rov. Mr. Hay would not troubio him self to mako a long speech, becauso ho had learned that a privato mooting bad boon hold by somo members of tha Pros bytcry— (applanso)— that thoy had arranged tho order of tho spoakcrs, tbo order of procedure — (npplauso)— and so many mombors wore in at tendance at that mooting that ho folt it would bo perfectly useless for him to ontor into any lengthy discussion, becauso no mattor what ho might say he was sure to bo outvoted. He did not compizia of tho moinbors of tho Presbytery having a private meeting nnd arranging all these mattors ; but when this was done ho thought any other mombor of tho Prosbytcry was justihod in standing asido and simply entering a protest, Ho intonded to proposo a motion which waB a diroot negativo, as follows I— That the charges brought by Mr. M'Eaehran aro not gravo enough to justlljr them In Instituting all In quiry in tho mattor. Mr. M'Eachran had endeavored to mako Mr. \- Strong responsible for ail tbat Mr. Higinbotbam had said in his locturo, notwithstanding that both Mr, Higinbotbam and Mr. Strong had deniod that thoro was any foundation for tho statcniont. Mr. M'Eacliran'a charge, that Mr. Higinbotbam wns brought to tho church to say what Mr. Strong bad not tho courage and man liness to say, was equivalent to saying that Mr. Justico Higinbotbam, n gentleman of tho highest and ' most estimable eharactor, and holding ono: of tho hmhast positions in tno land, would condoscond in an underhand way to do for Mr. Strong wlmt ho had not tbo courago to do biuisotf. Mr. Justico Higinbotham would novcr bo guilty of such a mean action, even if Mr. Strong would havo any complicity in it, whioh ho would not. Such an imputation was moanneso itself. (Loud ' ap- Ipjaneo.) He hoped thoro would bo no disturb- anoo ot any kind, becauso ho know very - woll what Ulo result would bo— thoy would! bo ail turnod out dirootly. (Laughter,) Thoy must not express any approbation of his remarks; becauso ho know tho orrangomont for clearing tho court would bo carriod out. _ Tho Modorator protestod against this insinua tion. Tho presbytery waa anxious that tho do- clsion should bo public so long as propor conduct was preserved. Tho Rov. Mr. Hay proccodcd to oxplain tho circumstancos undor which Mr, Justico Higin botham had dolivorod his locturo at Soots' Church, stating that it had beon delivered before tho Scots' Church Literary Association at tho solicatlon of Mr. Strong, who took a doop in terest in tho association. Thoro could bo no hnrm in his miking Judgo Higinbotham to locturo beforo tho association. Men of bis character, but uot noarly of tho samo attainments, bad in the samo way lectured in other churches, where thoy had boon glad to got thorn for thosako of a collection of a pound or two. (Laughtor.) Thcro was no positivo harm in tho locture, nor in tho subjoct of tbo locture, and nothing would havo been said about it if tho Litcrnry Association had arranged tbat it should havo boon given in tho Athcnxnm, instead of in tbo church. But apart from all this bo contended that Mr. Strong had sufficiently cleared biinsolf from any responsibility in tho mattor by disclaiming sympathy with tho views of tho lecturer, aud ho (Mr. Hay) was prepared to provo that ho had' dono this at tbo timo tho lec tins wns detivorod instead of, as had boon assortod by Mr. M'Eachran, delaying it until three wcoks afterwards. (Applauso.) IIo de fended Mr. Strong from tho various other charges brought against him, and urgod that it should bo thoir duty to consmvo unity and hnrmony in tho church. Action such as that now attempted to bo takon would havo its offect in thoir families, in their businesses nnd in socioty. It would bo woakoning to tho church foryoars to como. Ho know how tho ohurch had boon weakened already by it. Ho bad boon soven yoara now in a minority at tho presby tery meetings, always boing ignored, and loft out of all tho littio arrangements, IIo know all thatj and had onjoyod it. Tho prosbytcry mooting day was a day of recreation to him. But withal, ho would ask thorn to look at this question in the really sorious aspoct that was attributed to it. Mr. M'Eachran's cbargos worObasod upon nothing but suppositions, and lie urged tbe prosbytcry to pauso and consider boforo thoy doalt with thorn. Mr. W. K. Thomson had groat pleasure in seconding tho motion. Ho had listened with much pain to the speoch mado hy Mr. M'Each ran, and thought it was greatly to bo rcgrottod that ho had not como thoro with distinct proofs instead of racro suppositions. Ho know for certain that some of tho statcmonts made by Mr. M'Eachran could be positively refuted. Mr. H. R. Rcid supported tho motion, warmly defending Mr. Strong ngninst tbo attacks mado upon him. Ho oxprc3sod strong disapproval of tho introduction of tho caucus systom into tho prosbytcry. Ho hoped that systom would bo put down— (applause)— and also tho stylo of persecu tion thnt uaw prevailed. (Applause.) no said to tho prosbytcry let Air. Strong go— (No and ap plause)— in peaco. Tho Rov. L'.-. Mncdonald said lio hadconsidored tho mattor vory carefully. It had caused him much anxiety, and he thought it would bo inad- visablo to carry tho motion. For ono thing, if a libel were brought against tho Rov. Charlc3 Strong, tho church would bo seriously incon- vouienccd, and ho thought tho best way might to accept tho resignation. Furtbor discussion took place. Tiio Rev. Mr. W.G. Frasor dofondod Mr, Strong. Tho Rov. Air. AI'Konzio thought Mr. Strong should como forward and disclaim tho viows attributed to him, bocauso, if thoy accepted his resignation, tlioy would havo to givo him a prcsbytorial cortificato, which would cuablo him to go to another country and continuo to dis seminate perhaps unsound doctrine. Tho Rov; Mr. Ahernothy could not exactly agrco with oithor proposal. Ho thought it would moot tho caso if thoy wero to require Air. Strong to affirm his belief in tho standards. After further discussion Air. Hay's amendment was nogatived by a largo majority. Tho presbytery thonadjourncd until 10 a.m. on Thursday. Tho prococdings of tho Melbourne Presby tery on Thursday in relation to the chargo of heresy preferred by tho llev. D. S. M'Eachran against the Rov. Charles Strong woro of tho most turbulent description. During tho afternoon, especially, several most disorderly scenes occurred, tho moderator boing perfectly powerless to main tain order and at times tho uproar .was so great that a parallel could only bo . found' for it in a noisy political gathering, -Addresses were delivered by sovoral clergy men, inolnding the Rov. Messrs. Yule, lten- toul, D. Fraser, M. M'Donald, R, Scott and Dr.'Macdonald. The four first named spoko in support of tho chargo of heresy. Mr. Ren- . tout's waa a long and impassioned speeoh, and in tho course of its delivery the audience sovoral I times signified their disapproval of its- tone. The hrinaipai disturbance- arose, however; among the memboro of the presbytery thetttv selves, during >tlw -address by tho Rev.vM. M'Donald, in- consoqncnco of a reference which he made to Mr. Justico Higinbotham. A scone of almost indescribablo con fusion arose, ' ' during which tho audicnco loft their scat3 and crowded into tho aisles of tho church.' It was with tho utmoBt difficulty that order was at length partially restored, and at varions times during ths remainder of the address similar confusion occurred. The sitting, which . was held in Chalmors Church, lasted from ton o'clock in tho morning until olose upon six in the evening, when an amendment, moved by tho Rov. Dr, Mncdonald, thnt the matter should ho referred to the Gonoral Assembly, was carried, only two members voting in favor of tho Rov. 8. Robinson's motion that Mr. Strong should bo required to answer certain questions as to his religious boliof. 