'JEItt gUnji'^StlUt. JACK PAIGNTON'S OPINIONS. (Br LLNDSAY DUNCAN.) Jack Paignton was an individual of very pronounced opinions, the most strongly em* phasised of which was probably the conviotion that his own personal view of any given subjcct must inevitably be the correct one. I am not sure, by- the-way, that this modest conviction of nis was sufficiently unoommoo among our circle to have rendered Jack's possession of it in any way conspicuously remarkable; however, it is chiefly with him and his opinions that my story has to do. It would take some time to enumerate the subjects upon which, at the age of four-andthirty. Jack's mind was fully and, he considered, irrevocably, made up; but I mention one or two. His father having amassed a large fortune in South Australia, Jack, on inheriting which, decided that it was his obvious duty to spend the money in tbe colony. In this idea we (by " we I mean a selcct circle of bachelor friends) unanimously backed him up—in theory; practically, we were unfortunately unable to do so, as none of us had had the luck to come in for the wealth of an accumulative progenitor. Another point which he declared to be immutably settled among his stock of convictions was'the undesirability of matrimony and tbe wisdom of independent celibacy. It must not. however, be suppobed that because Jock was so confirmed a mtsogamist he was necessarily a misogynist also. Tout au contraire, he had a decided predilection for ladies' society; always provided (and this was essential) that the said ladies had no pretensions to "cleverness." Jack hated a " blue- stocking" like poison, and upon this subject he was perennially eloquent. " Woman" he would announce authoritatively (speaking like Jove, from the mysterious depths of an Olympian cloud, through the hazy curtain woven by the fumes of that gigantic, deep-hued meerschaum, than which, as we were wont to declare, Jack hardly more highly valued the strong hand upon his sturdy right arm). " Woman was never intended to be clever—save and except in those minor matters which are beneath tbe attention of the average man. Let her know how to manage her household decently—to play the " Blue Bells of Scotland" with varitions, and make a water-oolour daub of an imiiassable wind-mill that's enough—more than enough, for sbe'U soon forget how to do the thumping and the daubing and be all tbe better for it A learned woman is an abomination and a monstrosity. Intellectually as repulai antics ox a forward child in the presence of its elders. It is in the half-conscious admission of this fact that woman's greatest attraction lies. She should be graceful, pliant, yielding, mirthful; but tenderly so, with no pretensions to wit. Defend me from tbe woman who fancies she has a talent for sarcasm !" And so forth ; from all of which it may be divined that our friend Jack was by no means insensible to bis own dignity as a " lord of creation," and by no means averse to its flattering acknowledgment by the fair members of the softer sex. Of course, his openly-avowed dislike to "clever women' procured him a good deal of banter from Lis friends; who did not scruple to tell him that it only aro6e from an unoonfessed consciousness of his own intellectual shortcomings and the dread of bcin^ snubbed by an "inferior being." But Paignton coula afford to accept this accusation with smiling tranquillity, seeing that his abilities were really fair enough, as had been proven in a College career (which had, nevertheless^ included a tolerable amount of rowing, rioing, and billiards) and in various ways since, when it bad suited his idle unexcitable temperament to bring them into play. Au r&Ue;, he was big, bronzed, and bearded—as little entitled to be called handsome as ugly; and, in spite of his opiniativeness, a great favourite amocg bis male acquaintances— independently (I think I may venture to say) of the adventitious attractions of an excellent cook and a eu)>erb cellar, in the snuggest of bachelor domiciles. AlLthis, and a good deal more (for I was fond of Jack, and rather proud of his peculiarities, in addition to being, for my own part, habitually loquacious) I imparted over a late dinner table at Brookmead, to an audience consisting of my cousins, Belle, Kitty, and Alec, a young lady friend newly arrived from England, whose name was Ina Latimer ; and the master of the house, generally denominated as James Drayton, Esq., J.P., and standing to me. Mat Percy, in tbe avuncular relationship. ( The description of my opiniated friend elicited various comments from ray different auditors. " What a detestable man!" ejaculated saucy, irreverent Kitty with hearty emphasis. "Sensible fellow," remarked Alec, who, being seventeen years of age and in the proud possession of the palest and most shadowy ghost of a sandy moustache, felt himself fortified in a position of philosophic contempt for the weaker portion of the creation—modified, however, by a lurking tundrouse for the beautiful Ina, which was manifested ludicrously enough at times. " I think there is something in what he sayB," observed Belle the meek, who was cugaged to a clergyman, and was cultivating a mild seriousness of demeanour in preparation for the position. " Of course he exaggerates—but I think he is quite right about women not striving to cope with men in matters out of their immediate province." "Bring him down, Mat — brine him down," said my uncle. " This friend of yours must indeed be a rara- avis, if no fair ornithologist has contrived to cut his claws and clip bis wings before now. Ask him to come down with you next Saturday." While I acknowledged my uncle's hospitality on my fnend!s behalf, I remarked that Miss Latimer had said nothing, but sat looking at her plate with a quiet, contemplative sort of smile playing round her pretty lips. "Is it allowable tq beg vou to put a price u]>on your meditations, Miss Latimer? I venture to ask?" "Ob, you shall have them for nothing." she answered frankly, lifting the long lashes from a pair of wide, innocent-locking violet eyes. "I was thiuking about Shakespeare." "About Skakespeare !" I echoed, wonder-, ing at tbe irrelevancy of the subject, and the musical powers of abstraction which could enable her to persevere in the midst of our chatter. " Yes, she answered gravely, though I fancied I detected a dangerously mischievous, will-o'the- whisp kind of light dancing in tbe depths of those seemingly tranquil childlike orbs of hers. "I was thiiiKing of a favourite character of mine— one that always claims my special admiration. There is such a graad independence of thought, such a lofty contempt of weakness about him J" she went on, with growing enthusiasm. "He.is so persuaded of the truth of his convtt$ion«, and *o magnificently regardless of everything else in expressing them ; and tl^en, when he finds out he has been in error^'there is something so inexpressibly and touchihgly generous in the way in which he acknowledges his mistake, by proving himself as..-big a goose as anybody else." ., _ "Why, Ina, wliat a funny trirl'?ou are?" cried Kitty. '' I aecl&re; I thought you were serious ! J suppose you meant Benedick." ".The implied connection is not difficult to traoc, Miss Iatimer" I said, laughing. * r But 1 fancy you are mistaken." " Mistaken !" she repeated, with a puzzlod knitting of her brows and a look of innocent wonder. " How do you mean, Mr. Percy ?" " In suggesting that there might be some analogy between your hero and my friend," I replied, "I don't think Paignton is likely to prove a Benedick." a t Dear me 1 truly I never suggested that! I really thought I was talking aoout Shakespeare. I appeal to you, Mr. Drayton," she said, turning the innocent eyes upon my uncle, with whom she was clearly an immense favourite. " Did I aay anything of the kind " Certainly not, my dear—certainly not. All Mat's fancy," responded my uncle, in great enjoyment; and the the " girls rose and injustice. But my uncle's quiet chuckle dispelled the illusion. "She's a delightful girl, that, Mat, my boy," said the ola gentleman. ** A charming li! Mind you don't fail to bring friend Pi It is livelier wnen tne nouse is lull; and you ycung folks might get up a oarpet-dance ! My uncle was the soul of geniality and good-humour, dearly loving a quiet joke; aod I began to thiok that the chief reason of his great liking for Ina Latimer lay In some subtle sympathy in such thing} which seemed to eicist between them. -Altogether I felt some searet misgivings as to whether I had been quite pruaent in so openly describing my fneifcd's peculiarities; how these misgivings were justified by tiie event my story proceeds to show. Itf repaired but little persuasion to induce ack to oecept the unceremonious invitation I conveyed to him. Town was getting hot aud dusty* and I had so often expatiated upon the beauties of Brookmead. that he declared hfanself delighted to nave the opportunity of making their acquaintance, therefore we left. Adelaide on tbe following Saturday on a week's visit to my uncle's hospitable abode. We arrived shortly before the dinner bour, and after dressing the whole party with the exception pf Mia? tattfoer, assembled in die pleasant oool drawing-room. My friend Jack was accorded a hearty welcome by all—Belle's manner being gentle, composed, and refined as usual; while, to my surprise. Kitty, attired in the daintiest of faanionable costumes, chattered and simpered in a frivolous and oluldish manner that I had never observed in her before. Dinner had already been announced when Ina Latimer made her appearance, and for the first moment I hardly recognised her. Only for an instant, however; tne shape of the pretty head, ana the exquisite colouring of skin and hair were altogether unmistakeable; but the beautiful eyes were covered with bine spectacles—the soft, flnffy rings of gold that usually lay upon her white fore* head had been evidently subjected to a strenuous but not quite successful endeavour to brush them plainly back—the red mobile lipa wore a new air of primness, and the graceful form was clad in a simple black garment of severe outline and utterly destitute of ornament. She returned my greeting gravely and acknowledged t of Jack with stiff formality. I fear I am late," she said. " Pray aocept pologies, Mr. Drayton. I was so deeply absorbed in that delightful work on 'Solar Physics' which yon so kindly leqt me, that I was wholly unconscious of the lapse of time.' Then we made our way to tho diningroom, while a look of dismay painted itself visibly upon Jack's expressive oountenance, and I felt that the justification of my misgivings had comtncnoed. During the repast Miss Latimer was not to be drawn into light conversation. She discoursed fluently upon " sun-spots," " the photosphere^" spectrum analysis,' and all the rest of it, ana turned a gaze of infinite pity upon Jack when he was driven to confess that he knew nothing about the practical working of the spectroscope. Thenceforward she adopted a somewhat patronising air in addressing her remarks to him, explaining her meaning with condescending elaboration, as one might do to a fairly' intelligent schoolboy. This must have been inexpressibly galling to Jack, who was writhing under it as much as his fair tormentors could possibly have desired. For there was clearly a plot against his peace ot mind, and I, who bad no doubt unwittingly set it going, was powerless to check its progress. As we men left the dining-room I caught the sound of light girlish laughter mingled with the strains of an air from " Carmen," but when we reached the drawing-room there was no one at the piano, ana Latimer was absorbed in a ponderous-looking volume, apparently "Solar Physics," of which Bhe[had been talking. Kitty fluttered up to us with ichQdish emvressemeni. "I am eo glad you gentlemen nave come at last," she said* with a pretty little simper at Paignton (which was, however, so utterly out of character with Kitty's frank, downright nature that I was thunderstruck at the little hypocrite's power of dissimulation). " Belle is always so quiet, and Ina is so wrapped up in the books, that I am feeling quite lonely. Ina is so drtadfullv clever, you know, Mr. Paignton 1" she added, in a confidential undertone. "Is she?" said Jack, with an amused smile. "Oh yes? Didn't you see it at dinner? Tbe way she talked about the sun-spots and all that sort of thing, you know. I think it really it dreadful to be so clever as she is 1 Why, she has paesed ever eo many awful examinations, and she mi^ht have been a lady doctor if she had remained in England, Indeed, I'm not quite sure that she has given up the idea yet 1" " ReaJly," remarked Jack. " Your friend must be strong-minded as well as scientific, Miss Drayton." "Ob, indeed, she is, Mr. Paignton," Kitty replied, with much seeming earnestness. " Do you know, she has the oddest ideas! It seems a shocking thing to Bay, but I reallv do believe she has almost a contempt for men I She says they are frivolous creatures bccause they neglect so many opportunities of improving their minds ; ana she will have it that women could do all sorts of things quite as well or far better than men, if they only had tbe same opportunities." " Perhaps she is ngnt, Miss Drayton," said Jack, with a curious look over at the silent figure with the big book in the opposite corner of the room. " But what ao you think about it?" "Ob, J don't think so, I think women have no business to be clever ! But perhaps that is because I'm not clever myself," responded Kitty with demure simplicity." 4 a Are you not?" queried Jack, smiling down at her a^ain, and apparently finding " Oh no r she said, shaking her head. " I can't do anything hardly eicept see to tbe house." This new and domesticated view of wild Kitty's character tickled mc hugely. In spite of my annoyance my risible muscles grew refractory, and I had to turn away. " That is undoubtedly a very valuable accomplishment," remarked Jack, gravely. " And I daresay you have many others but are too modest to confess them. Don't you play or paint V' "Just a very little—hardly worth mentioning." " W ill you play to us ?" " Yes, if you will promise not to be too critical. I daresay you are a great judge, and I shall be sure to be nervous !" A few words of encouragement from him, and with much apparent semi-shy reluctance, Kitty moved to tne piano. Horror! What was she playing? "The Blue Bells of Sootland," with variations! Such variations, and rendered in such a manner, surely never before excruciated the ears of an audience ! My uncle looked up from his newspaper in surprise, then smiled and resumed nis reading. Belle looked mildly vexed, and Miss Latimer made no sifin. Jack gazed at me in evident distress of mind, in which I certainly partook. " I am afraid I made a few mistakes," said Kitty, looking doubtfully at the music as 6he rose. " I never can remember the accidentals, somehow, but it dosn't matter much, does it?'she added, cheerfully. "Oh. dear no." replied Jack to whom she appealed, evidently repressing a groan with difficulty. " Does your sister play ? or Mies Latimer ? " Ina does, awfully difficult music, it makes n:y head acne just to look at it," answered Kitty. "Shall I ask her? Ina. dear, Mr. Paipnton wants to hear you play. Miss Latimer raised her eyes. " You know I play nothing but classical music, Kitty. I nardlv think it probable that Mr. Paignton would care for t/tat." Aoother blow to poor Jack, who particularly fancied himself as a musical critic, basing thereon his not altogether unfounded contempt for the ordinary run of young-ladyamateur performances. Smothering his indignation, however, he said, " Odd, as it may appear, Miss Latimer, 1 do like classical music, and should be glad if you will favour us." Whereupon Miss Latimer played an intricate fugue with much passionless precision and skill, but it seemed to me as if the very sound of the miuic made her forget her part, for presently she fell into Beethoven's " PathiStigue" sonata, and played it exquisitely, bringing ont all the wonderful weird pathos of that glorious comjttsition so as almost to draw tears from one's eyes. Somehow she had laid aside the blue spectacles, and .the little gold curls liad partially regained their freedom, and this "strong-minded" and " scientific" young lady was looking singularly lovely as she sat with the soft lamplight falling on her delicately moulded face. But with the last note she rose as stonily >rim as ever, and would play no more; ana 1 detected Kitty evidently sooiding her for her short-lived weakness. That unblushing young woman shortly afterwards displayed as her last effort in painting an atrocoous water-colour of a windmill! Such a windmill ! with crooked walls and sails all out of. perspective, surrounded by trees of the crudest green and most unnatural form. That my really accomplished young oonsin should be showing henfelf off in this ridiculous fashion, waa inexpressibly disgusting to me, but I resolved to bear it patiently for a time, and bide my opportunity of revenge* (To be continued.) A GROSS-COUNTER.—Jack Oldstock—" We're very proud of our anceHtrv, you know." Tom Parvenu— "Yes, I know; bat how would your ancestry feel about you V NOT TO BE BAD.—Careful but eurioui wife— " How did you got your coat BO tnnddy. Charles T Charles—" Let it fall last nigbt, love." Wife—" Bat where were you to do such a stupid thing T Charles — M Where was 11 Why—why—inside it r " Is that dog mad T be asked tbn boy a« tbe animal dashed by. " I reckon he 1b !" repUel the boy;"'I just see a butcher take a pieceo*moat away from him, and kick him six feet into the air. Wouldn't yon be mad if thAt was done to yoa 7' " My dear," wid Battler at the tea table, looting up from bis evening paper, ''this French-China trouble looks serious.* Yes," answered Mrs. B., " Bridget broke the handle off the Bagar-bowl, but 1 didn't think yott would notice it so soon.'' match. Aunt Jane ! Just fancy, all the Studds&re; playing!" Annt Jane.—"The htudds! Ah, you mean the students, I suppose—jost as you say the undergiads for tbe undergraduates."—Punch, A jolly old doctor said tbat people who were prompt In their payments always recovered In their sickness, as they were good customers, and phyfddans could not afford to lose them. A good hint and a sensible doctor. A sub-editor asuonncra that tbe editor of the paper is unwell, and piously add*—" All goodpaying subscribers are requested to make mention of bim in their prayers—tbe other class need not do it, as the 4 prayers of the wicked availetb nothing,' according to good authority." In one of the Western Courts lately a lawyer threw an inkstand at another's head. The Court required him to apologize He did so, and added. " While I am abont It, I may as well apologise beforehand for throwing another inkstand at him PP Snt chance I get* 