SVHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN EXPECTED. BY MBS. HUNK Sr'CAKTHY. One wild March night, not many years ago, two young men walked rapidly through the main street of a crude Western settlement. There was little attempt at paving, as the £fiaU6 OCC1UCU IfU UC OlsUU^rdJL UUb UL HUG OUUU rock which hemmed it in. The width of the street was a serious drawback to its distinction. The houses on either side, slanting down from the hills behind them, dilapidated, de tached, and with little or no attempt at archi tecture, became more insignificant by the long distances which separated them and their grim surroundings. An icy wind, that grew more and more violent at night-fall, congealed all inclination fox conversation but the younger of these pilgrims muttered through his chattering teeth, ' God-forsaken, beastly hole, Max 1' ' Not altogether,' replied his companion. ' Look yonder, Tom J' The wind, increasing in velocity, drove be? fore it the murky clouds that had rested upon the jagged hill-tops, and all at once could be seen a hundred martial, maritime, and gro tesque shapes clearly defined upon the sky Myriads of stars began to glow with wonder ful brilliancy, but the younger traveller gazed longingly upon the minor lights. of the rail road depot that shone hopefully in the dis tance. The wide portico of a country store loomed in sight; cheerful arrays of patent medicines with their gaudy placards adorned the windows ; the battered and broken-nosed figure of an Indian maiden insured the pre sence of tobacco to the way-worn traveller — and Tom began to soften with these signs of approaching civilization. ' We'll soon shake the dost of this wretched place from our feet, Max,' he said. 'I've had a nasty presentiment hanging over me all day that something would happen here ; but there's the blessed old flaming eye of the en gine at last,' It all happened in a quarter of a minute, even as Tom rpoke. A waggon came rapidly down the steep cross-street, the driver vainly endeavoring, as he saw an old woman on the crossing, to arrest the speed of his vehicle , his beast was intelligent enough to aid him in this endeavor, but the grade was steep, and the old woman stumbled. Max sprang for ward just in time to lift her to her feet- As he rose to his own the shaft of the wagon gave him a reugh poke upon the leg, which made him wince for a moment, but he carried bis light burden to the corner, where she struggled down out of his arms, saying, in the weak, tremulous quaver of age, ' Thank ye, thank ye, young man,' and hobbled away upon her stick in the gloom. The man in the waggon called out : ' AH right, boss ? Nobody hurt, I reckon ? ' ' All right — nobody hurt,' echoed Max, and the waggon went rattling on. The old woman had already disappeared ; the engine was belching forth flame and steam only a few rods away. In less than five minutes Tom was filling the brackets over their heads in the car with their travelling traps, and singing softly, ' I got broke at playing poker, Three ol a kind.' This was Tom's favorite pxan of joy. He never got beyond the one line and the refrain, but these seemed to suffice him. He broke off shortly, however, upon looking at his com panion. Max was deathly pale, a white quiver about his mouth had a premonition of ghastly faintness about it. ' Hallo, old fellow,' cried Tom, ' you were hurt, after all.; take a swig of this.' He poured some liquor down the throat of . Max from a little brown flask, which quickly brought him round, but Tom remained anxious. ?' Where's the trouble, Max ? ' he said. .' Only a blow on the leg,' said Max. V I shouldn't wonder if there was a black and blue spot there as big as your hand ; but that's all. I'm tired and hungry; -let's eat something.' They fell to upon a little supper which Tom brought from the recesses of his* travel ling bag. The train started on, Max re gained his fine florid complexion. Presently he let his head rest upon bis beard, and closed bis eyes in a light and easy slumber. Tom drew a breath of relief. £he train in creased in speed. As it went spinning east ward the very cockles of poor Tom's heart warmed at the thought of home. He pulled up the collar of his overcoat, extended his feet upon the luxurious upholstery of the seat ahead, folded his hat into a pillow, and was soon mingling his humble snore with the con tinuous rattle and occasional shriek of the railway train. With the morning came an amelioration of the cold, but it brought with it fog and mud. The nine miles' ride at the close of the second day, over an- uneven country in a lumbering stage-coach,- wrung sometimes from Max an exclamation that was nearly akin to a groan; his leg had been a little stiff when he got off the train. . Tom thought it was the awkward position in which he had slept. He began now- to be of the opinion that a touch of rheumatism might be at the bottom of the trouble. ' We'll give it a rub with some of Aunt Em's liniment whenwe get home,' said Tom, with a soft inflection anon the last word. Tom wooldn't have believed^ it possible he could have been so ridiculously glad to get back to stupid old Barnesville ; he had been so grateful to get away from it, at that time, he had made up-his mind that in the whole range of the States he could not tumble upon a duller, more perversely stagnant and ex asperating spot than the village of which his father was so proud. It nettled him beyond endurance after he got back from college to see his father stand with bis back to the dining-room grate, his hands folded beneath his coat tails, and hold forth by the. hour upon the petty themes discussed in the City Council, of which he was an influential mem ber. A sword hung conspicuously over the mantel-piece, which seemed to Tom to crown the absurdity of the scene. The little atten tion Tom had given to the sanguinary ancients during his collegiate course increased his con tempt for the regiment of home guards at Barnesville, of which his father was the colo nel, and the approach of Washington's birth day quickened Tom's decision to join his friend Max Beting in that venture out in the mining districts. ' Why, you'd better stay till after the twen ty-second,' said Aunt Em, who was busy with sOken flags and rosettes at a side table. ' Merry's coming home from school on purpose, you know.' 'Yes,' said -the colonel, 'I thought it judicious to send for America — in — a — fact, I believe she is to personate the Goddess of Liberty ; she is tall for her age, you know.' Yes/Tom knew she was taller at fourteen than most girls at twenty. He was exceed ingly fond and proud of bis sister, but he went nevertheless. Tom left Barnesville without a single regret and vowed in his heart that many a year should go by before he should again see the white houses and green blinds, and little front gar dens, and neat palings, and slender saplings of elms and ^ash-trees and maples that at stated distances marked so many miles of his father's domain. This young lad of twenty, in the innocence . and arrogance of youth, thought of many a~ lively joust and tournament that awaited him yonder, which made the present .placid surroundings insipid beyond degree. Five years had gone by, and he was coming back again,, with a lively respect for the flesh jpote of Egypt,. .He had spent all the money left him by his dead mother, a considerable sum loaned him by his father, not to mention some little savings of Aunt Em's. He had spent all this money, and was coming back for more. Yet he had not been given to riotous living. Heaven knew the simple fare upon which he had served, the rough raiment he had worn. The money had all gone in unfortunate ven tures in the mining districts. His friend Max had risked and lost even more than Tom. Fortune was a fickle jade, and had led them a sad dance, but at last she had warmed to their favour, and now the tide had tur ned. All this new investment wanted was a little more capital and their fortunes were made. His father had a clear head for business ; it would be* an easy matter to assure him that the venture was a safe one, and at last the future would be secured. Tom thought this all over as they jogged along in the stage coach, and as the familiar old landmarks be gan to appear he put down his coat collar, brushed shis hat with his sleeve, pulled his pantaloons down over his boots, and began to feel that he was Thomas Jefferson Barnes, the only son of Colonel Barnes of Barnesville. His dark, thin, eager face grew more and more jubilant as the fine fertile lands of the old homestead were passed. Acre after acre of orchard and meadow and woodland were pointed out as the property of Colonel Barnes, and presently the jaded horses began to pull Up the hill to the big, square, newly painted mansion that crowned its summit. A crim son flame from the setting sun burned in each window-pane, a brand-new flag floated from a new flag-staff, and a second portico and observatory had been added to the already fine and bedizened building. A few hours later the elder of our pilgrims found himself arrayed in the one extra suit that he had worn upon state occasions for an incredible period of time — a sack coat and pantaloons of blue flannel, and a high mili tary vest ; indeed, the whole appearance of Max smacked of the martial. His skin was bronzed by exposure ; even his hair had been toned by the elements to a dozen different shades of reddish-brown. His shoulders were square, and his big shapely head had a trick of inclining forward upon his beard, which somewhat detracted from his extraordinary height, but gave him, the colonel thought, a Napoleonic air of deliberation and distinction. The colonel was positive that Max had seen some sort of service ; the stiffness in his leg was immediately accounted for by the fretting of an old wound. Tom humored this fancy, but begged his father not to mention it in the presence of bis friend, as he was particularly sensitive upon this point. 'Modest attributes that very commonly belong to heroic natures,' acquiesced the colonel. He was standing in his old attitude before the drawing-room grate, his feet far apart, his hands beneath the tails of his coat. Max was tormented by an idea that the colo nel closely resembled a hoary sheep that had been a pensioner upon the mining camp for many years— the peculiar triangular shape of his head, which was pointed at the bottom, long and narrow, clean shaven and bald ; the expression of the face, bland, timid, depreca ting, yet persistent ; even the blatant tones of his voice, which went beyond Max, and reached a small, daintily creased, neat, and dapper gentleman, who had been introduced as Mr. Fry, a prominent lawyer in a neighboring city, and a candidate for the Legislature. Max found his feet sinking into a fine velvet carpet, and above his head the ceiling was frescoed in what he supposed was the prevail ing style' of the day. Chandeliers of crystal shed rivere of light upon striking pictures in gorgeous frames, upon the satin, brocatelle, and ebony of the furniture ; and even as Max's eyes nested upon one of the heavily be Jaced and upholstered windows that lined 4he apartment, it resolved itself into the door, through which glided a tall slender girl, with bare Bhonlders, and magnificent black eyes that rendered the rest of her face pale by con trast. Her ears and neck, arms and fingers, Max thought, were disfigured by chains and rings, and when he took her out to dinner, his stiff leg became awkwardly entangled in her long train. The weather-beaten red in bis cheeks deepened, and he did not know how much be was disconcerted until Miss America begged of him not to begin to hate her for the accident. Max bowed with scant and stiff courtesy, and wondered how this young woman with the ridiculous name of America could lie the little sister that Tom so adored. She talked too much, and as if she had known Max for years (which she had, in truth, through her brother's letters); she was overdressed and too handsome, and too conscious of a loveli ness that Max never oculd admire ; she was able to stare a fellow out of countenance, and it was very difficult to take up the thread of; conventional chitchat when one had. been buried in the heart of a canon for five years, which any sensible girl would know, and not stare, and not chatter. ? 'Of the Goddess of Liberty style,' Max said, scornfully, to himself. He was puzzled to keep up with the routine of the meal, which was not only in courses, but served with too many silver and cut- glass accom paniments for the simple convenience of Max Beting. The variety of forks alone became a study to him. If America could only have known- the cause of his vexation and abstrac tion, it might have saved her a deal of future trouble ; she would have begun by pitying him, perhapsuiespising him ; but Tom had led her to form an exalted conception of his friend's character, which her own extrava gant imagination had completed. When poor Max was puzzling over the peculiar shape of one of his extra forks, America thought he was deep in some abstruse problem in metaphysics or mining machinery ; in the meanwhile the, furtive and disturbed glances she bestowed upon him were interpreted into - pity and ridicule by Max, and so these two really sympathetic and congenial natures misjudged each other. Nevertheless, each dreamed of the other all nighta natural sequence to their discomfort in each other's society. To Max it took the shape of nightmare. He dreamed that he was stretched upon the raek for refusing to disclose a state secret, and that the beautiful America, attired in a decollete costume of alternate stripes of red, white, and blue bunting, presided at the instrument of torture. He awoke to find that his leg was becoming the theatre of some posi tive suffering. It was sore to the touch just below the knee, and the red spot which had formed there was increasing in size. In spite of every effort to the contrary he was compelled to relinquish his desire to walk over the estate after breakfast, and to accept the ignominious alternative of a. drive in America's ponyphae ton. He felt bigger than the pony and heavier than the phaeton, and what witn a vague un easiness about his leg, and the presence of the lady, executioner in his dream, he was in no humour to enjoy the drive. He was relieved, however, to find that America did not begin to chatter, and that she wore a quiet sensible sort of suit buttoned up to the throat, with hat of some neutral color to match. Her hair was brushed back and caught in a simple knot in her neck, so that, as she drove, Max could readily admire the exquisite proportions of her head. The morning was fine and breezy; the pony, seemingly undisturbed by bis extra load trotted cheeringly along, shaking his shaggy mane, and making a merry rattle with his hoofs on the excellently conditioned road. The village was left speedily behind and they soon entered a woodland path where in the nude branches of the trees premature and amatory songsters were already prospecting for nests. The moss about the old gnarled roots looked fresh and green and in a sheltered nookMax pointetl'out to America tt»e first vio lets of the season. She threw him the reins, and, as she came back to Max and gave the frail blossoms to his keeping, he began to thaw with the rest of nature, and to talk in a way that was new to America, but delightful. At first she thought he was trying to suitjhimself to subjects that she could understand, his dis course was so simple and natural ; but she soon gave up conjecturing, and yielding her self to the enjoyment of the hour, became as natural and as simple as himself. la this way they grew to understand each other before many miles had been trotted over, and Max now fully at his ease and with a strange sense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, even went so far as to tell her of his dream of the night before. ' I assure you. Miss* Barnes,' he said, ' you really did give an extra screw to the torture with your own hands. I can feel it in this miserable joint of mine yet.' She looked upon Max with an expression of such sweet compassion that he hastened to add ; ' I'm glad of the extra wrench that disabled me, for otherwise I should have been trudging over bald and boggy fields with your father and Tom, instead of exploring this exquisite bit of woodland with you.' ' It is strange, but I also dreamed of you,' said America, gravely. ' Oh, did you, indeed ? Well, be as frank as I was, and tell me of your dream.' ' It was too ridiculous,' said America ; and Max saw the color creep into her clear pale cheek. To his confusion, he felt his own be ginning to tingle. ' Could it have been more ridiculous than mine ? ' he said gently. . ' In another way,' she replied. 'I dreamed that you rescued me from something horrible.' Here she blushed deeper, and paused. ' A dragon? ' said Max, with ill-concealed curiosity. And she replied that it was not a dragon ; and by that time they were trotting up the avenue of poplars, and soon Max saw her disappear up the broad staircase. Tom was coming down. Max saw that he was pale and disturbed. ' I must have a talk with you,' said Tom : 'let's take a turn about the grounds.' Then, noticing that Max limped painfully, ' The devil ? ' he exclaimed ; '? that's an other confounded nuisance that must be seen to at once.' Then he took Max's arm, and helped him up the stairs to the guest-chamber he had slept in the night before. Tom shut and barred the door, and coming close to his friend, who had thrown himself with an air of exhaustion into an arm-chair, he said, in a tone of suppressed wrath and disappointment : ' There's no hope here, Max — nothing but a hodge- podge of ruin and desolation. My father is next door to a begger.' Max bore this news with resignation. He had been thinking while limping up the stairs that all that spoiled America was the natural meretricious consequence of being rich. ' I spoke to my father,' continued Tom, 'right after breakfast, determining to have the thing settled at once, and he confessed to me that it is merely hanging on by a thread so far as he is concerned — that everything is mortgaged to the huh, and the depreciation in real estate has made most of the mortgages fairly cover the property. It is only the peculiar and lucky relation that this little sharper of a Fry holds to the family that saves everything from going to the hammer. Fry holds all the mortgages, and is lenient about the interest, as well he may be. He's got some money Vii-merff, and has the handling of a quantity more through a rich old grandmother out West. When he marries Merry, this whole property will come into his hands.' 'When he what?' said Max, suddsnly leaping out of » «ort of lethargy that had crept over him. '? 'When be inanaea^ America, my sister,' said Tom. ' Fortunately for my father he has a daughter beautiful and wise enough to keep the wolf at bay. It's^f lucky thing for Merry she's not the kind of girl to hobnob with poverty. She'll see to my father and Aunt Em. As for me,-the pick and pan of a miner — But what in thunder— hey ! Max, my boy ! ' Max was shaking and chattering in a con gestive chill ; his face was livid ; his nails purple. Tom got his friend to bed, and sent for a doctor at once. Max scrambled out of the chill into a fever. 'Some trouble with the bone,' said the doctor. ' Brings about a nasty complication sometimes. Keep the patient quiet just now.' Which was easier recommended than done. Max tossed and tumbled and talked wildly, and with an unnecessary form of patriotism, Tom thought, about America and the Goddess of Liberty. * 'I'll save her, Tom,' whispered Max — ' I'll save her if I die for it. I did once, you know.' ' Save who, my poor Max ? ' said Tom. ' Why' the Goddess, you know — the God dess of Liberty! She's turning the screws again in that accursed rack, but she don't know it Who would have believed she could have been so simple and womanly and sweet ? — as fresh and pure, before Heaven, Tom, as the violets she held in her hand. I hated her by gas-light in her low dress, with all those gewgaws about her.' ? ' Tom saw that his sister's face was red and ip'ale by turns. ' Perhaps you'd better go out of the room, Merry,' he said. ' God only knows what fancies beset his brain.' Merry thought she knew ; she fancied she could teU of a certain Venetian vase that held the very violets Max raved about. The violets in the Venetian vase were dead ; others had taken their place ; March ripened into April, and April was fast verging to May, and. still poor 'Max was a prisoner in that fine, luxurious upper chamber in the colonel's house at Barnesville. His leg had all this time been under treatment, and the doctor thought it possible by a series of probings and applications to effect a temporary cure. ' The core of the disease will probably remain for a longer period,'1 said the physician, ' but the physique of the patient will bring him round when he can get air and exercise.' ' Max's fine physique, however, began to be rather against 'him than in his favor. The doctor leaned to the opinion that he would prefer a more sanguine temperament. In the meanwhile the most of Miss America's time was spent in the vicinity of the sick-cbambe*. A -wonderful aptitude as a nurse had developed itself in this versatile young woman, and she had even shown a rare ability in concocting broths and dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As usual, she devoted herself to this' new hobby with enthusiasm. - ' She gives' her whole heart to everything she undertakes,' said the colonel, .apolo getically, to a visitor who had called several times and found it impossible to see the daughter of the house ; ' but this mania will spend itself like all the rest, and then she won't want to hear of a sick person for a twelvemonth.' The colonel's auditor smiled complacently, and began to talk of other things. Although there was something amounting to a betrothal between himself and the lady in question, his mind also was preoccupied and absorbed. An unlooked-for complication had arisen in his own affairs. His grandmother had altered her will, and left more than two-thirds of her property iu a way ihat might occasion Mr. Fry considerable trouble. He was compelled to go out and see the old lady, and had called to bid Merry a brief farewell. Under these circumstances the young woman consented to come down. She left the hot hand of Max and his eager, devouring eyes, for the cool, clammy palm and the foxy gaze of her pro mised husband. Merry found, as they stood together, that- -rile really was a - half head taller than Mr. Fry, as Max had once laugh ingly told her. She looked down upon the dapper little man with grave courtesy, and left her hand iu his own, but he saw that her manner was constrained and her attention wandering. ' I won't keep you from your studies, America,' he said ; ' I'm in somewhat of a hurry myself ; I must catch the noon train.' Then he went on to tell her that his interests with his grandmother were seriously threat ened, and his presence was necessary out there for a short period ; that he would write, and he hoped she would find time to reply. America promised she would write, and began for the first time since their engagement to find it absolutely ropugnant to her to have his thin lips touch her own. He was ordinarily a cold, unimpassicned wooer, and was not a whit warmer now than usual ; but custom required that he should Mss her good-bye. America yielded to the brief caress, but it was only when he was well out on the portico, with his hat on, and barely time to catch the train, that her manner warmed to the occa sion or the impatient crimson abated in her cheeks. On her way back to Max's chamber she stopped in her own, and laved her face, her lips, and washed well her hands. She met the doctor in the corridor, and behind him was evidently another professional gentleman. They both walked gravely and silently down the stairs to the lower hall, where the colonel was paring to and fro, bis hands beneath his coat tails. 'l Aham ! '{coughed the colonel, sympathet ically. ' What is the ultimatum ? ' ' Just as I said,' replied the family physi cian : an amputation is necessary to save the patient's life ; but he objects — strenuously and violently refuses.' Merry ran up the stairs without waiting to hear more, and found her brother Tom sitting by the bedside, his face buried in his hands. ' Here is your sister, Tom,' said Max, with a warning inflection in his voice, and holding out his hand to the young girl with his usual cheery smile. ' You needn't try to conceal anything from me,' she said. -? I know all about it ; I am studying medicine and surgery, and mean to be a physician. Now that the worst has come, we can meet it bravely. You'll get well and strong, and be yourself again, Max; and, after all, on old soldier surely don't mind the loss of a leg.' Then Tom, seeing a look of distress in Max's face, told Merry for the fir3t time ol the rescue of the old woman. ' If she had been young, or even pretty,' groaned Tom ; ' but she was a veritable witch — there was something uncanny in her whole appearance, and no doubt she held an infectious curse about her. Her old bones might better have been ground to powder than to have brought all this about, for she hadn't long to live in any case ; but Max was always reckless.' ' You'd have done the same thing,' said Max, 'if I had not anticipated you.' 'I wish X had,' cried Tom — 'I wish to heaven, it was {that had to choose between my leg and my life ; the leg would go mighty :jnick 1' * ' Your leg is of less consequence to you, per haps, and your life more,' said Max. ' The we would be useless to me without the other, ind both are of little account. You know, Tom, that I haven't a relative or friend out side of yourself.' Here Tom saw that his sister had reached the door, and was beckoning him out of the room. 'You must get upon ahorse,' she said, when he door was closed upon the sick-chambes, ' and go down to the city, and bring those doc sors back with you before night. The opera ion must be performed, atonoe ; sad tell them to get more doctors if necessary — to spare no expense. Fve — I've got money of mamma's you know, Tom,' she stammered, gently — ' that dear mamma' left me for my own.' Tom nodded. That money of their' dead mother's was bound to go in some way. 'But Max has not.consented,' said Tom. ' It dosen't matter,' said Merry ; ' It must be done. He'll know nothing about it till all is over. Do you go after the doctors, and 111 see to the rest.' It seemed to Tom that the remaining hours of that day went by like a queer, awful dream. He remembered bringing the doctors stealthily in, and becoming conscious of a . faint odor — sickening, swum, overpowering — that filled the rooai immediately afterward, of holding his sister tight in his arms in the adjoining chamber while something terrible was going on inside there, and during an agonizing ten sion of his nerves, later on, hearing a terrible cry burst from the lips of poor Max. 'Gracious God!' he groaned, 'whose work was this ? ' ' Mine !' said Merry. ' Did you think I would let you die ?' It would have taken a stronger man than Max to have turned away from that beautiful, earnest, pallid face now caressingly close to his own. Tom looked on in speechless and rapt dismay, remembering bis father'' perilous plight. Max remained dazed and bewildered, but after that first outcry made no complaint. The operation was eminently successful. The doctors rubbed their hands over it, and eulo gized the system, the patient, each other, everythingand everybody concerned. A speedy convalescence and radical riddance of the whole disorder was prophesied. But days went by — weeks — a month and more and still Max lay under the silken canopy, his face as waxen and weak-veined as that of a sick in fant, his eyes unnaturally bright and hollow, his hands feverish, and his whole aspect fit to strike terror to the hearts that remained steadfastly but despairingly fond. ' Life is sweet, Tom,' Max said one day. ' I never thought it could hold so much happi ness ; but you see, I can't, I must not live — it would be too cowardly ; there's no other way out of it bat to die. Would you see your in comparable sister tied for life to a pauper and a cripple — the -wife of a one-legged flag -man at a railway crossing, or accompanying his efforts with a hurdy- gurdy upona'tambourine? Then remember the desperate condition of your father. My good Tom, it is a hopeless case.' It was along speech for poor Max. Great beads started out on his forehead, and his voice had sunk to a whisper before hejwas half through with it. But it told the whole story. ' We might take Merry's money into con sideration,' said Tom, then paused, remember ing the insufficient quantity there was to take. Tom plunged his hands deeper into his hair, and wished there was a bank somewhere ad jacent and he was an A 1 tip- top burglar with an elastic conscience. He felt positive that, only a few thousand dollars would develop the mine to such an extent that another leg would be a superfluity to Max. One magnificent morning in June, Nature was at her happiest, at her best. The long windows of Max's chamber were opened to the full ; the branches of the sycamores tem pered the rays of the sun and subdued the frolic of the breeze. A celestial silence reigned in the garden below, where the tulips blazed, the pinks exhaled spicy odors, stiff parterres of blossoms were made wanton by bees and butterflies, and pale phantoms of statues were robed and relieved by. a prodigality of reflected color and shade ; the birds sang, the bees hum med, all in an under-tone of dreamy delight. But the pale lips of Max broke into an old rhyme that somewhat marred the voluptuous ease of the moment : Oh, to think my name is crossed From duty's muster-roll — That I may slumber through the clarion call, And live tile joy of an embodied Goutr - - Free as a liberated ghost ! Oh, to feel a life of deed Was emptied oat to feed That fire of pain that burned so brief a while — That fire from which I come as the dead come Forth from the irreparable tomb !' Two human beings in the next room looked at each othei in speechless dismay. Tom shook his head, and let ic fall, with a gesture of despair, upon his hand again ; and Merry, to control her nerves picked up a paper that bad lain upon the table since the previous day. A sealed letter, addressed by the same hand, had remained there even longer. They were both from the Western town where Mr. Fry was still sojourning. TTis grandmother had died in the interim, ?which palliative calam ity threatened further complications and a lon ger delay. «Merry opened the paper and read it with her eyes alone ; the nerve that connect ed the organ of vision with her brain was dor mant and paralyzed. The advertisements, being in largery print, she read first. Presently her eyes fell upon the following ; ' If the tall, brown- whiskered gentleman who, on the evening of the 18th of March, near the depot at ? , rescued an old lady from being run over, aud. immediately after ward, with his companion, took the train east ward, will communicate with H. K. Fry, so licitor, he will hear of something greatly to his advantage.' Merry read this over several times, some times lepeating the words half aloud to get their meaning, her eyes gradually gaining in telligence and expression. Then she turned to the neglected letter and broke the seal. Her hands trembled, and her lips parted eager ly. She drifted over the letter till she reached the following passage : 'And this, dear Ameri ca, is the story the absurd old lady told : that while crossing the street she stumbled, and a waggon rattling down the bill would have in evitably gone over her had it not been for this tall deliverer, who seized her in his arms and carried her to the corner; that he was himself struck by the poie of the waggon, but appar ently unhurt, took the eastward train. And to this mythical knight,' added Sir. Fry, 'my grandmother has left one-half her money and her share in the mine. The money alone will amount to sixty thousandjdollars. But I doubt if he can be found very soon, and in the mean while I am the executor and administrator of the estate.' Merry's eyes had dilated to an enormous extent ; a crimson flame burned in her cheek. The letter and newspaper she clutched in her baud, aud cfriding over to Tom, touched him upon the shoulder. Tom. looked np and was startled to find this magnificent i&^c. glaring down upon him. Merry thrust the paper into his hand, and pointed to the solicitor's advertisement. Tom read, and the paper be gan to rattle in his fingers. Then Merry pushed the open letter upon the paper, and pointed to the interesting paragraph. Tom read, and his face grew pale as ashes. He shortly arose to his feet, to ' the ends of his toes, and lifting the letter above his head, went pirouetting around the room, singing in. an effective undertone this touching refrain z. ' I got broke at playing poker, Three of a kind ! ' This powerful tonic had to be administered to Max in small doses ; but we must refer the reader for the sequel to this sissy to an issue at the Barnesville Chronieie some months later on. It was a lengthy bit of eloquence, but the pith of it consisted in the informa tion that the hridal excursion of the happy pair — which was in rather a barren direction [or a convalescent, however — included a sug gestive visit to a prosperous mine, and that ihe sole party who accompanied' them was 'our esteemed fellow- townsman Thomas Fefferson Barnes, Esq., the brother of fibs wide.'— Swjw*JFee%. 