cw.i,..: ECHOES OF MELBOURNE .„?.. .. . (By The Ghost.) ' Deo.l. *:, Matters politioal are never mentioned , uo'w. By common consent the subjoot is '.tabooed, and the majority of people are really concerning themselves more at the present time about their Ohriatmaa goose than about tho Ministerial doings. ,The luncheon given by MesBrs. Berry-and ' Service to the delegates from the other .r ? vOIUIllot3''~'Ui. bU OUU11 UJ, unoui au lunou iruv/ were in time to partake of their hos pitality before starting to begin their ' duties at the Sydney Conference — waa ' entirely devoted to the eating and drink ing which generally form only a subsi diary Park °f 8U°h gatherings, and there ', waa no speechifying from which even the , fastest glimmer of the intentions of the ^representatives of the deputies from .Fiji, New Zealand, or Tasmania vouch i-safed to the public. It is, however, '. looked upon as settled that the attention 'of the Conference will mainly be directed towards the annexation of New Guinea and the New Hebrides ; that the matter of the rates for European cable messages will occupy some little time ; that the defence question may be touohed upon ; and that all other subjects will be let .severely alone. Life, especially Minis terial life, is tod uncertain for Ministers to vex themselves about suoh trivialities as federation or a common tariff for Aus tralasia. The' , Ministerial cat— in the shape of the head of the Government— being away, the Ministerial;, mice have betaken themselves to play. Mr. Deakin and Mr. Levien have gone on a tour of inspection to the agricultural farm at Longerenong and the works of the Water Trusts in the Wimmera district. They actually intend devoting two whole days to the perform ance of a task it would tax the energies of any professional man to accomplish in a month. But then you see neither of the gentlemen named knows anything of water worksj and Mr. Deakin, being a : barrister, knows nothing of farming. How. easy it is for men of genius to step in. and achieve triumphs, where ordinary . mortah less gifted would most assuredly fail. Or is it that a diet of turkey and champagne enables men to cram a week a work into an hour ? There may be some thing in cliquot .. or even in Ore me de Bousy after all. ',.'..-. ?7,'I-r.' L. L. Smith was within an ace of- gracing the Upper House with his presence as member for the North-Eastern Province, his fortunate opponent . (Mr.. Brown) being in. a large minority, all through the district, excepting at Beech worth, where he resides, and where his substantial, majority gave him the seat. Had the. late ' Minister without port folio' andex-member for Richmond been successful, there would have been quite a diamond field on view on the red morocco cpyered benches of the Council Chamber. i)r., Beaney, the gem king, would have had to look to his shirt stud laurels. „ ? .- ? v_The Mining Department of Victoria has nbt.been covering itself with glory of late. Indeed it may tersely, albeit some what vulgarly, be said that the Minister arid: Mb advisers have been 'making a mess, of it.' There was a sum of ten thousand'pounds voted by the Legislature for ' prospecting' purposes. A very large proportion of the amount has been given to companies who could very well have called upon their shareholders to pay present expenses out of past dividends, a consiaeraoie sum irmerea away uy pemg allotted to large proprietbries where it will about cover a week's wages, while bohafide prospecting parties, sent out and equipped by private individuals, have had their claims entirely ignored. In his first im portant administrative act Mr. Levien has . certainly not shown 'distinguished ability.' It is said — but perhaps this is mere idle gossip — that if the shareholders' lists of some of the favoured companies were closely scanned a tale would be un folded which, if it did not exactly cause reach particular hair of the public to stand on 'end, would afford matter for a good 'deal of unpleasant innuendo. But even the most cursory glance at the awards is enough to bIiow that if any principle has .'been. adopted in allocating assistance, it lias been the one that 'unto him who; hath shall be given,' tempered by the in junction to ' take care of Doub.' ' i .The question, 'What's In a name?' has just been practically answered by the; honourable Francis Ormond, M.L.O. He, desired that the Working Man's College, which he promised to build. at' a cost of £22,500 should, in; honour to her Most Gracious Majesty's; youngest son, be known to future generations as the '' Leopold' College. The Trades Hall Committee, a body who ha3 evidently a soul above Princes, and' does not see a baronetcy in the near perspective as the reward for the loyalty of any of its prominent members, strongly ?'demurred to the proposition. A corres pondence ensued, and as the result Mr., Oroiond has withdrawn his promise to erect the building at his own expense. ' 'Aut Leopold autmdlus' is his motto. ;. So that, at times, there is more in a name' ? ' than the poet wot of. ' There is talk of erecting a statue to . 'honour the memory of Lieutenant Wag horn, who devoted the best part of his life. to inaugurating the overland route to 'India. ;'; This; of course, is,; in its way a highly proper thing to do. But there are two aged Bisters of Mr. Waghorn nowL in Melbourne, and a statue of their de ceased brother, though it were of pure gold, would benefit them very little, if not presented to them. A more suitable way of showing a nation's gratitude would be to pension the old ladies so as to enable them to pass the remainder of their days 'free from the carping cares of pinching poverty. ' ??.-. ' The thorough rottenness of the police force is daily becoming more apparent. Since the abolition of 'fizgigism,' under which system habitual criminals were employed by 'astute' detectives to en tice their comrades to commit offences' whioh the said ' astute ' membersof the force afterwards brought to light, the perpetrators of all the important bur glaries and robberies in Melbourne have remained ' unwhipt of justice.' Nothing apparently arouses Mr. Chief Commis sioner Chomley and his merry men from their state of somnolent apathy. In vain is a list of Bwindlers specially designated by name published in the daily journals, in vain is a specific charge of having at tempted to commit a capital felony made against a high official in one of the Government departments ; not a finger is stirred by the police to bring the offenders . to book. While the Police jOmmiaHion waa aittincr avid dRmnral isinor men and officers belonging to the force, there was some excuse for the laxity displayed. Now, however, there .is none to be offered for the disgraceful condition into which it has been allowed to drift. The case against the accused murderer Morgan is now complete. At the. ad journed inquest; Mr. Johnson, the Government Analytical Chemist, will be prepared to swear that the stains on the clothing of the prisoner are caused by human blood. This fact completes a chain of circumstantial evidence in which every link is perfect ; and circumstantial evidence, be it remembered, is far stronger than any other class of testimony. Unlike witnesses, circumstances don't lie. The General Presbyterian Assembly has for a while ceased from troubling, and the reverend divines and elders that con stitute this august body are at length at rest. But the quietude is but the/lull that precedes the storm. And this will burst with all its fury when Parliament meet and the bill for separating the Scots Church from the denomination to; which it belongs is brought forward. A quarter of a million worth of property will not be parted with without a struggle. . And as the beligerents mostly hail from north of the Tweed ; the fight for the 'bawbees' is certain to be stoutly contested. . ' ? : ,,-/. The,?' Silver King ', still continues to crowd the Royal, and there is at present ho talk of a change. At the Opera House '.Boccacio' is also drawing : large a vidiences^ but is nevertheless in a few days announced to be withdrawn in favour of ' Manola.' ' Sithers to Grind,' even supplemented by Mr. Fleming Norton's entertainment, is not in favour, but Mr. Grattan Riggs in a. round of Irish charac ters, gt the Bijou, has. evidently, met the public taste and is filling the pretty little iheatre in every part. ! 