NEWC:ASTLE IIOSlITAIL ENTrERTAINMENT (NO. 1.) Tua Victoria Theatre on Th'nuday night hlast was literally packed with a highly intelligent, well-con ducted, and apprecilative audience, to witness the first night's concert in aid of tile funds of our IIos pital. The energetic and. popular manager had provided aseating ueeonunodation forfully 1100persons, the whole of which was occupied; numbers had to stand, while many were accommodated with seats behind the curtain. Never before hua the theatre beeni so filled. The entertainmenlt, from first to last, was an umnqualified success, and must rank so one of the best ;if not the very best) manuged by Mr. C. H. Ifunnell. Tihe G. N. Band occupied tlhe orchostrn, and played splendidly. 'The various items on the prograumlnmo werl well arranged, and carried out with Sregularity uand.punctuality worthy of Idonie. The aisngers taking part wrere Mins CLasra ilalilton, Mirs. J. . Ellisi, M Jo mphWoo , MsIshbells letcler, Miss Constance I annell, and Messrs. C.. IIlonnell, W. Orr, Clarence Hannell, Fenwick, AMunrell, Cluapin, Le N'eveu, and the meniberis of the Newcastle Leider tufel, with their conductor (Signor Lardelli), who also in conjunction with l'rofessor ICing, Mr. W. J. Fllia, tand M? , Joseph Wood, acted us accompanists. Every number on the progbanune was well received, and imany of tliem nccorded encores, notably the duet S]Iear lme, Norlla, b" Mrs. Ellis and Mrs. Joseph Wood; the songs by Miss Hamiton, " Jessie's Dream" and "The Blueo Bells of Scotland ;" "Tlile Land of the Leal," by bliss Isabella Fletcher; the patriotic song "Up, up with the Standard of Eng land," by Mr. Clarenlce It. Itaneell, whlo gave also "Thu Clinge of tile Light Brigade" in fine style; tihe quartette "The Chlifers," by Messrs. Murrell, Le Neveu, Clapin, and Fenwick; andi the song "The HIeart Blowed Downi," by Mir. ClhrncelIunnell tfirstappear once). This ysoung gntleinan possesses a very Ilnc and pure tairiltoe, iiiid ocqaitted himself verT wcell indeed, and in tiiee will luik as one of our best unilteurs. The Newcastle Liedertufel choruses were well received and flnely rendreed, ais was the piauou duo by P'rofessor Kinig and Mr. WV. Ellis. The scenres froil "Ialnlct'" fonned inul alttretive feature in the iiigit's Uitieseniist, and was an imiesdoso hit." til1. C'. It. Itsiieell a8 "Is itnet," Mfr. lloo way as tile Ghost, lnd Mrs. UIolloway as the Queen, filled their respective Ipairta splendidly, Mir. llanell gave a scholarly reading of his part, his elocution teinig of ii very highs oeler, while lia appeariusee aid onrtiig isrliculorly iii the closct seene, farley broullght down the house. Of Mr. olloway's "('host" little need be said in terms of praise; it is too well knlown to need coinient; sulffice it to say, it was acted iuag nifillently. Mrs. IIolloway, as tle "Queen," a chbs nleter she canl fairly lay iliin to as being one of her very best, looked every inlis a qntucl, aind elaiutaimaed thLe great mp;litatiemn she lolis ejade for herself in thib, oniiof her gnrltes 'pret er ntaltionsi . T?he only fault we, ill colUpltny with hundreds present, found wos thititlie seeCsdid not Iust long eoughl. Ihe in terest of thle iinniense audience was very great while Emiiitlet" was being perforined, and ar pin dropped Ia!itat the peolple aiiighlt dietiictly h:ave bee- heard to fall at tines duriug thie rendition of the scenes. To-nighlt there will bIe an entire lchange of Lpro granune, including three icts of "Othello," first ap. lcipearnce of MLrs. Jonies, &c.; The train for mining toinshlips, will not leave Newcastle until after con clusion of the performnance. Thib tUrim'alnue appears ii ur eohtutmiso and is a grnd one. We expect to see tie touss agaiu tilled. Three hundred anid forty- nine polionen, t11 clergy uler, 113 Iiunii, 119$ coispositars, I'J lawyers, 71 editors and recporters, tt,:UIJi domaeotic ervantas, tu I doctors, 7li5 ptbliciu , and 12,660 furnerr in l01tb Australia when the last census was taken, 