ATRAfm5rteddli.gv '! I r -Ojtte .-"fejHA ceremonies at the Salva- jtibn Army TOBMgn street; Cdl- Ihigwood, bding ftue; luan rage : oi -awp. oyw jciiesp. weu-meaiimg Christian soldiers to twt>- of the " daughters |of ' the "rbgiftient;" \ Tjie hnipn Was an- iouiiced:;<tp take plac||J//hlqek,: but long jbeforfe that time the barracks were literally jpacked." y A charge ofixpence -was imposed kiipipi, the rdsiilt being that the meeting wasiree frdin /larri- jkins. .There must have been between 1,500 and 1 1,600 persons prefebnt, women pre dominating. Almost every man had a flower in his coat, and all the women .carried bouquets. A$ Jialf-past 6 the pro ceedings commenced witli the singing of hymns5 with that characteristic rigour whose energy compensates, fpytmy lack of riielody. Precisely at 7 o'clock the happy pair were ushered in and took their seats upon the platform, the brides upon the right of the Iter. Mr. Horsley and - Major Barker, who officiated, and the bridegrooms upon the left. The ladies were young and decidedly prepossessing in appearance, although the sombre costume of the army was not calcu lated to enhance their charms. They wore the black dresses and quaint, bonnets of the Hallelujah lasses, the oily departure from the usual costume being a white wedding favour upon the left breast. Their names were Miss Elizabeth Polglase, a native of Tasmania, and Miss Carrie Stevenson. the daughter of a farmer near Kerang. They were to be married respectively to Captain Phillips, better known as " the liappy Welshman and Cadet Foley, of Fitzroy. The latter has no distinguishing nickname. He is a fine stalwart young fellow of the artisan type, and, it is Said, had been a shoemaker 44 with a bad record " until he joined the army and reformed. After several hymns had been sung, and brief prayers had been offered, the couples were ranged oil either side of the Rev. Mr. Horsley, who went through tiie ordinary form of; declaration, required by law with each of the parties. Major Barker then explained to the audience and the interested ; parties the nature of a Salvation Army marriage. It was not a union of worldly afiection, but a partnership for the purpose of doing tliegood work, and promoting the in- i terests and extending the influence of the | Army. ! Cries of J' Hallelujah" and " God bless the. Army " resounded through the hall, ihe marriages made in the. Army were strictly iuuler the supervision of the. com manding officer. Before any, engagement is entered into the parties communicate with Major Barkei, who, if he approves of the union as being likely to be to.. the mutual welfare of the parties and the advancement of the Army, consults with the happy couple, and arranges the date of the wedding. This coiuse had been lollowed in the present in stances, and the major expressed his hearty appvobation of the double event. Brides and grooms then kuelt down, and each of them delivered a short address, to the effect that the marriages were being entered into soiely f or the sake of the Lord. Cadet Foley; whose, speech is rough, but unmistakably eloquent, began — " Oh Lord, this is a very serious matter," .causing the irreverent to forget the solem nity of the occasion and burst into laughter " Order !" cried Major Barker, in his brusque way. "Don't let us have any of that : it s not a thing to langh at, and I tell you that you wouldn't laugh perhaps if you were going to get married." The brides confined themselves to brief prayers ; and another hymn having been enthusiastically sung, Major Barker went through the usual form of ceremony, commencing, "Wilt thou, etc., " interpolating to join in promoting and extending the influence of the Salvation Army, beiore the words of the usual formula " to have and to hold, etc." When Cadet Foley was asked if he would kike Miss Stevenson for his wedded vrife, lie exclaimed in a loud and energetic voice. " My word ! That I will !" "Then,' said Major Barker, " Put on the rings, and I ca-11 upon all here to witness that in the name of God the Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and of the Salvation Army, I deciare you to be man and wife ! " The same formula was repeated with the second couple, and then a scene followed that it is almost impossible to do justice to in print. The instant that Major Barker pronounced the second couple man ami wife, a mighty Hallelujah ! God bless them ! " rang through the building, and the air became literally darkened with bouquets. From the audience flowers poured in in an unceasing volley ; from the raised seats at the back of the platform, bunches, garlands, , wreaths, and coat-iiowers also, literally - rained down upon the blushing brides and the happy grooms. So thick and heavy was the floral hail that the clergy- man and those near him had to throwxlp their hands to protect themselves from the deluge, 'toougb em occasional "Oh ! " of pain told that a well-aimed bouquet had got through the defence, and' landed, stalk first, upon the Rev. 'Mr. Horsley's ear. The enthusiasm was hysterical in its vehemence,' aud it culminated when ail energetic and bald-headed officer, a visitor from another i district, sprung from his seat, ami led off with one of the wedding "songs selected for the occasion.. The baud struck lip gaily, . the .people . saug lustily, and when the chorus was reached— Let the bells of heaven lina", Let the happy soWiers sinp\ Lvery niairiaiie-blessinc bring y, AVliiie;.\ya hkssrth Loyl ! Bless the Lord ! Hle the Lord ! Bless the Loni « :Bless the Lord ! : With our captain and hiihe > . Mff Wess the Lord. , May His- richest blcismgB flow On there botli where'er they go, Tilliii heaven wejxitt.no more. A thousand handkerchiefs of all colours were wated by the enthusiastic witnesses to the marriage ceremony. Mothers danced their Lames above their heads, keeping time to I !5 fsic, and, when an occasional rest : j atrorded au opportunity, some of the in- spwed soldiei's- filled up the space with a deenmg "HafielujaR," . ; , There was none of .tiie indiscriminate em- ! bracing .and kissing attendant upon mar riage ceremonies generally, and when the uproar, the ffoworsshower. and the wuviim of bakereM a»ewly-|wod; "Hallelujah lasses took -tlieir . seats demurely apart from their husbands as before the cere-, mofiy. ?T JM >. i:ii. A wedding hymn, M .When wd anivq at Home, " Wa suffg, and then? the four parties ? to the cereriioiiy respectively addressed those present to the effect that they, were so happy,; ; and were doing it for the sake of the Lord. They, felt Certain that He would bless their , tinioi) , and make them the means of reclaim ing many Sinners. All of them spoke with _ an earnestness that Commanded respect in, spite of the rude aiul, at times, ungram- matical phraseology ' used; Major Barker, folio iced with a characteristic address, upon the good that the 'Army was doing, and referred to the unjustifiable arrest oi Miss Booth in Geneva, and the unfeeling refusal upon the part of the municipal authorities to allow the Army to march -through. the streets of Melbourne. The concluding hymn, " Hallelujah !" was suug to the repeated en thusiastic waving of the thousand handker chiefs, and the ceremony being over, the various members crowded round to congratu late the happy Welshman 'and tiie reformed shoemaker, and their bonny- looking brides. The only wedding present visible was a block of ice, in which a handsome bouquet of flowers had been frozen. This had been sent by an enthusiastic admirer, and re mained upon the platform during the evening. The usual Salvation Army meeting was to be held at the barracks afterwards, but as the attraction of the evening, had been the wedding, tiie vast throng quickly dis persed, after what the enthusiastic and baldheadcd visiting captain declared "A grand financial success, that bears the churches all to fits. " : The proceeds token at the door go, it is understood, to swell the funds of the Sal vation Army. 