Receiving Christ and Walking in Him. BT MRS. HAMPSON. (Concluded from last week.) Now, I want to say a few words about this walking. God takes two words to describe the life of a Christian, and the two words he uses are " walk " and " conversation." You might take volumes of words to express the same thing; but God takes two only. Now, we have not, at this time, so much to do with the life as a whole; but we will confine ourselves to the walking. It is not so much what you say as what you do. Walking iB action. It is not going and telling everyone " I am converted, I am converted," but it is in bringing it out in your life. Action, dear friends. Walk in the spirit, walk in love. What does God mean by that dictum. He means that the spirit of love has been implanted in your life, and that you are to develop it, and let everyone see that it is there—out of the abundance of the heart the life's isBiies flow. Now, you have, dear friends, to walk in Christ. I have not time to-night to speak of that word, " in," with all its significant meaning; but just of " walking," for a few minutes. Now, beloved, there are men outside—scoffers—who are waiting until the time when the power of this mission shall die down, as they call it. They are just expecting that you will drift down in the receding tide, and become just as you were before. Now, it is for you to set this precious faith into action, and to go to work as earnest Christians. It is for you to bring out what God's spirit has implanted within. It is action, action continued, that is needed. Show me thy faith with thy works: " I will show you my faith by my works," James says; and, "by your works ye are justified." And now, don't forget this, that you are justified by the precious blood and the belief in Him, justified judicially, that is, that faith in the judgment is the cause of my justification; that having met the claims of Christ, and having done the work expected of me, so that the work of Christ Jesus may be imputed to me, as a servant of His, since it was for this end that Christ was raised from the dead. I am justified judicially by the blool of Jesus; and then there is another thing, 1 am justified by faith. Paul says these words in the 4tli chapter of Romans. That is the appropriating power, the word by which I may take hold of what Jesus Christ has bought by His blood. Faith is the power that lays hold of it, and makes it mine. I believe that that blood has paid my price—that God has accepted what Jesus has done for me; and my faith goes and lays hold of it, and I set my soul on it. It is " mine "—mine from that moment. But there is another justification also. I am justified by my works, declaratively before the world. I must let my neighbours and friends know that I am justified by the blood, and that I am a believer in the Lord Jesus Christ, and declare before the world that there is no other good way to pursue. And by all means have the faith to impart energy, and action, and courage to thy daily life. Let your actions prove, let your tempers prove, and your homes declare to those you cannot speak to, that you have got Christ in you, with all His love and glory. Henceforth, ye mothers and wives, act and live, performing all thy duties well for Jesus' sake. " Sarah," I said to a young woman one day, who was keeping the place she was in well and cleanly, " how is it you get your work done so well and you get so little rest, and how is it you keep yourself so clean too ? I have been here these three days, and I have never seen you in bed or asleep." " If you please, Ma'am, I keep myself clean with Jesus," was the girl'a reply. Oh ! that was open testimony, that of the servantgirl who could stand up and speak so. And such is the efficacy of open declaration and a walking daily in the faith of God. The wife who stays at home to brighten it up and make it a very heaven of happiness for her tired husband is doing God's work well and effectively, and will receive for it a crown of righteousness, and perhaps greater glory than that one who takes her place in a more public capacity, and stands out, and is looked at more and more. THE TIETT OF BUTTONS. Remember this, beloved sisters—your work at home is work for Jesus; your every step there is a step He watches and that He is interested in, and will reward you for if taken rightly. And your tenderness to that husband, your obedien«e, your care for your little ones, and the beautifying of your homes will by-and-bye get good reward from Jesus," as certainly as if you were as careful in the church, and more so. It is a religious act to stay at home, and look after buttons, and after dinners, and the domestic world, in all the minutue that makes a home a joy and happiness ; and it is certain to bring down the approval of Clirist, and make Him glad. Oh ! do not forget, then, that when you have got Jesus, you are not running here and there, in and out, to places away from home. Oh, no. It is the very reverse. The proof is when you do not leave your home, when you are found at home when your tired husband arrives, and he knows, always, that he will see at least one bright face. It is the only comfort in the world for him. And so you and he will receive the tenderness, the joy, the comfort, that only a life in Christ Jesus can bring. And so, beloved, we might go on, and spread ifc out, bringing religion into all tlie acts of life, and so you might show by your tempers, bringing His love out in your actions and your movements, that you have received Clirist Jesus, and that He is tlie law that rules over your words and actions throughout. Oh! dear friends, do let this mission tell a tale like that. Let it take hold of brothers and sisters in this room. Stick to it, that you may always live with love in Jesus, and, abiding in Him, you yourselves see how to walk, even as He walbeth. Well, then, dear friends, walking means a certain portion of your life. It means what you do. Think of it, young girls! think of it, ye mothers, wives, husbands ! and tliink of it, ye fathers ! It is not singing—the thfag that comforts Him—nor the high and haughty look; it is not letting that young woman look higher than her mother; it is not speaking in a dictatorial spirit to those about you. No, no ! A thousand times, no ! my daughter. It is ten times better to sit at the mother's feet, and consult her awhile, and to tlunk of what she would have you do, and watch her tired face, and comfort and support her until She shall bless the day that her daughter became a Christian. And let tlie sons go and sit at their father's feet. Oh! if these is a power that will draw fathers and mothers Christwards, it is when the sons and daughters have learned the graoe of God, and with meek, lowly spirit they shall lay themselves out in obedient, dutiful love to their mothers and fathers, who live and toil for them—aye, sometimes slave for them. Oh ! may God help you to take Christ, and learn this of Him. May He make it more to you than the empty fashions and bubbles of this world, and so that you will not run after the current that will draw you into selfishness and pride and sin; but give you strength and the spirit of Jesus every day, so that knowing He is your own, you may consult Him, and let Him teach you in the way of His own. But you say, " What shall I do ?" in that doubtful case. But if you have got a doubt you have the benefit of it. The benefit of the doubt is given you by Jesus. Oh, friends, we don't draw hard lines, and say that one Christian shall 6tand for another. We have all to get our Master. And it will be well to tell you that when you have a doubt in your mind, go to God with your doubt, and He will with benignancy and power, smile your doubt away. He will relieve you. Follow Him. Oh! Follow Jesus. Let this be the case in your amusements, in your work, and in your daily life. ' Oh, fathers and mothers! stand still and think what step you shall take in this walking in Jesus. Will ye smile ? He is quite willing you shall do that. But He wants you to ask yourselves, will that association, will that place, or that act; will an evening there glorify God ? If you are not certain it willj do not do it, or do not go there. Go and sit down at Jesus' feet and He will give you something ten times better than you can get out of the bad association, or place, or act. THE PIETT OF PLODDING. And then, dear friends, walking is continuous motion. It is not standing still, It is not going j ust one step and then halting. It is not going one step forward and one step backward; one step at a time. No. You must keep going or it ceases to be walking. Now, dear friends, God wants good, plodding Christians. He wants a man that walks in summer and in winter, in prosperity and adversity: the man that is found in his right place, at the church, at the Lord's Table, at the pastor's side, just at the right time. It is steadiness of progress— learning a little more of Jesus every day, or else believing that it is a day lost. It is to take advances in the new life and to get a little bit more apprehension of spiritual things, a little more balm for sin and sorrow, to know Jesus Christ a little move, to plead with Him against sin's aggressions. Look at the little cliild as he walks more and a little more, and the mother looks on carefully, and she says, " Come a little further; come, my child." These little steps are talked of by the brothers and sisters and parents as if they were giant strides. And, now, God looks down on the little Christian children and He says " Come, step by step my child." Let your soul get new light every day. And, oh, above all get steadiness. Do not run, nor stand still. The Bible says " Life is a race ;" you say, Yes, brother, and I could talk to you about it as such until you would be astir, and you would want to throw your coat off and run for your life. Life is a battle, you say again, perhaps. Yes; and we could talk about it as such until you would all want to go out and fight in the battle. But, dear friends, more important is the daily walking, the steady plodding that takes you to your homes. When some extra excitement comes, those who are not Christ's begin to shake themselres from the dust, and they begin to be spasmodic and rush into the front, and to go out into the field, and move with lightning rapidity until the excitement, the revival, is over; and then their hearts cease to beat, and they drop down into inactivity, and they wait until something spasmodic comes again. But, 0 God, deliver us from a spasmodic Christianity! Deliver us from such unsatisfactory faith! You can make the racehorse run until his heart breaks, but of what use is such exaggerated energy. Tell me of the man whom the Master's eye kindles when He sees his coming; tell me of the woman who says, "I will always bear testimony," and acts up to the saying; tell me of the pillar that props up the churches with belief, and blesses the pastor and God, and I will show you—not the man or woman that runs to the front and makes the greatest noise, and gallops over men, but the plodding cvery-day, sterling Cliristian, that, when the church is under a cloud, or with the wet blanket upon it, and there seems to be death, death, death, written on the page, will come forward and infuse life that by- and-bye will kindle and permeate the Christian body when all the raging is done and the tide runs down. Oh, brothers, sisters, our hearts tremble as we speak this. And when we remember that progress is the word and motto of the Christian, and that if you are not going onward you are going backward, we are led to ask, •with seriousness," Where are we ?" How many steps have we taken since we saw where we were last—since we last saw Jesus ? Oh! have you ever been in the church and heard the priest or deacon praying, and his prayer is just the same as it was ten years ago, and you know just what he is going to say before hehassaidit? Haveyou ever heard that preacher who preaches the same serm®n, almost verbatim, what it was years ago ? Oh, it is the want of heart, the want of spiritual energy and religious fire, that causes this. Oh, friends, empty yourselves out every day in supplication and prayer, and get a fresh supply of power and make some sort of progress. Do not stand on the old ground. Step out! step out! step out! There are heights you have never climbed, places you have never taken thought of. Step «ut! and begin to be walking Christians ; and then—oh, I must close— but before I do so I want to say a word or tvro to those who are walking in Christ. Walking, dear friends, is patient, continuous effort. It is not the end but the beginning of this consideration. You are walking towards the goal. You are not thinking of where you stand, but of where you are going to. See that you waik straight. Look into His eyes, look straight to Him, and you won't see stones or need to heed them; you won't fall over brambles, and the thorns and briars won't touch you; and if you go looking straight ahead you will go without stopping and without a fall. God teach you that it is patient effort; it is not what you are doing to-day, but how will it last ? And, my dear Christian friends, that is how you will have to prove to this city that the work of this mission, that we have been engaged in here, is of the Word of God, that it lias strength, that the seed is germinating^ and that it is' going to bear right on, on, on, into eternal life. You will have to show that you ean be a Christian on Tues day as well as Monday, a Christian on Wednesday and Thursday and Friday ; a Christian twenty-four hours in every one of those days. And then Saturday will come; •rnd that is pay-day, the day when Christ will pay your overtime. Oh, pray make overtime, overtime. Let your hands be scattering the tender vrords of sympathy and love abroad. Let all make an effort to get to the week-night services at your churches. Oh! let us put our very thought into motion, and let us say that instead of empty churches on week-nights, our pastor shall know that lie will have a full church—full of working, walking Christians. And let the blessings of Christian progress, go right into our homes,, too, so that they shall not suffer relapse. God grant that we shall find after this mission that it is the beginning and the groundwork of Christianity in your lives, and that you intend to plod on to the last minute, and that you intend never to stand still. OXE STEP AX A TIME. And then remember, friends, it is only one step at once. It is not that you have to progress with two feet at once. It is only one foot and one step. God will only give you one trial at once; one temptation at once. Take no thought for to-morrow. God will never give you such a thing it may be. It may be that you will never know what it is. It is said " To-morrow, as today, so shall thy strength be." Friends, there is a long road in our Prince's Park at Home, in England, and there is a' gate at one end of it. The road is about a mile long. My little girl was with me walking along this road one day, up towards the gate. The little child saw the gate a long way off, and she, looking at the long distance there was to walk, said, " Oh, mamma! am I to walk all that way; am I to do all that at once ?" " No! no! my darling, certainly not if you cannot. You have to take hold of my hand, and listen to me telling tales, and when you cannot walk to hold to me while I lift you over things that will make you stumble and fall." And so my darling went on and on; and by-and-bye her little limbs began to get tired, and to ache and pain her; and she began to hold on to me, and cling to me for assistance. And so we went on, I giving her a little help, and talking to her pleasantly. And byand-bye we got to the gates, and my darling exclaimed, " Oh! mamma, have we got up to them already—all at once ?" " No ! no ! my darling we have only come one step at once," I said. * And the little thing brightened up, and she smiled to me and said " Oh, mamma, I don't feel tired at all—not a bit, dear mother." And. bo my brethren when the obstacle you have as a Christian is surmounted, when the stones that were before you are trodden pver, as you hang upon the arm of Jesus, while looking into the face of Him, your guide, your protector, your king, step by step you shall tread the path, and God will evenly balance the smiles and tears, and carry you over the hard places, and give you joy abundantly, as you travel. And, dear friends, just a little while now—you and I shall hardly have said " good-bye," you shall 6ee it, and 6ay, "is that the gate? Am I at home ?"—the entrance into the home of bliss, with its golden streets, its glorious grounds, its precious balms for sin, and its trumpet hallelujahs, resounding praises of God, of happy angels thronging round the great throne of God, and the Lamb ? Am I at home, at home, at home? We shall meet at home. Ah, my dear brothers, my sisters, yet once more—only one step, it is only one step for you to take, and you are saved, and you can clasp my hand at the Master's side, at His blessed feet, where the billows of praise and thanksgiving arise like a strong tide, a mighty current, around yon eternal throne, in themidBt of which stands the Lamb— even as it had been slain. Aye, you and I shall rise on the billows, and swell the chorus, and have a whole eternity in which to praise our God. And now, dear friends, one word, and I am done. Are you ready to receive the Lord Jesus ? It is to you that have not hitherto done it, that I put the question. Many are Christians here to-night: Christiana in name. But there are some of you who have not got Christ. A CHBIBTIiESB HOAD. You are travelling along a Christless road, without a helper. Oh, how can you travel without a hand to held your spirit up? while an eye looks down upon your sorrow too; while the sun of light and heavenly love beats down upon you as it does upon us, and while, in the barren, desert land you are in, there is no shadow to cool the burning sand, or kind zephyr to draw it from under your feet! Oh, my brother, my sister, you are treading a darkening road. It is dark now. The light of purity is not there, the light of hope is not there, and the light of Christly love, has not set its written stamp upon your life, and, ah, ye older brethren and sisters, as the grey liairs come out on your brow, and the snows of age and death are sprinkled round, as your loved ones are taken from you—taken on the right, and on the left—your road is growing darker, darker, and by-and-bye you will reach that narrow avenue that will usher you into the blackness of darkness for ever— a Christless eternity—a world where no God will be, where all the fierce fiends of sin, and Satan, being let loose, and without restraint, will make it a pandemonium of despair—an eternal, woeful, darkness. This, oh, friends! tliis will be the result, the inevitable result, of living without Christ, and this darkest spot, this awful shade shall be yours, because you have passed by the Son of Righteousness, that you have wandered from Him, and the bitterest drop in the cup of despair shall be yours. Oh ! the Gospel that you would not have, is the Saviour of life, and the Saviour.of spirits. "Oh!" said a dying man to me, " Oh! if I had never heard of Jesus, I could die easier ; if I had never seen Christ I could die, if God had never loved me I could die; but to know that God has loved me so, and to know that Christ has died my death, and suffered for me at such a price, to know that the Holy Ghost has been wooing me and striving with me, following me into all the haunts of sin, reaching out for me while I was trying to forget God; grasping me and holding me until I shook it off, and said, " I won't be saved ; I won't have God; I don't want Christ." And now to know that the sight of that love, the help of the Holy Ghost, the love of Jesus is the full power that saves you! Oh, I cannot die! And he cried, "Water! water! water! Give me water! Pour it on me cold—give me plenty—there is hell in sight! Tell me not that I have to die to know what perdition is—oh, it is in my heart now! I have got it. I have tasted the pangs of the seeo-nd death. And is there no cold water ? Oh, give it me! give it me!" Ah! friends, so it is always with the sinner. Such is the awful enfl. The Gospel rejected is the curse accepted. Oh, which will you have ? Which will you have ? Friends, there were two unsaved men in Dunedin during my mission there, and they came and heard of Christ 5 and one of them, after hearing said, " I am blind and despairing. I have rejected Jesus ; I have mocked liim to scorn, and I have been a freethinker. Can God save me ?" Oh, yes,! brother, yes! the moment you ask. Try Him! try Him ! And this man took Jesus to His heart, and he was saved. And here in Melbourne it was that that mail died; and in his dying hours he confessed the benefit, and sot half an hour before he reached the pearly gates of Heaven he cried, " Thank God! thank God ! I have grasped Jesus." As to the other man, he turned away from Jesus that same night. He said, " I don't want Jesus. What do you come and talk to me for ? You just leave me. I don't want you." And while the «choes were ringisg that would have brought him down from his high imaginings, from the pride that led him to despise the good, he said again, " I don't want Jesus." He died some time ago, in his sin, and I learn that in his last moments, when death was feeling for his heart ^strings, a Christian sister, who pleaded with him at his bedside, said " Do take Jesus ?" He said, " No, Jesus has never been near me, since, two years ago, I said to Mrs. Hampson,' Go away, I won't have Him,' and now Jesus is not here—Ah ! Don't you see who is ?"—and his eyes darting with lurid gleams,—" Don't you see who is here ?" and every time he pointed to a differemt spot, and said in frenzy, " There! there ! Don't you 6ee the devil ?" " I cannot see him," said the Christian sister. " But I can," returned the dying man—" There! there he is, the devil coming to take me !" And with his last breath he cried, " Oh, oh! I sent Jesus away, and the devil has taken me." Brothers, which will you have ? You smile now, perhaps. But this is no smiling matter. Anyone can smile; the coward can scoff. But the man who would be manly, who with mind, and heart, and brain—with the prospect of immortality before him, and the love of God reaching down to him —lie ought to know that he was not born to smile; but that he ought to come to a decision. TEE SECEET OF DESPAIE. For living without light brings death; and living without Christ puts him right into the 1 lands of the prince of darkness. Oh, my sister, child, mother, when that man that would not receive Jesus was breathing his last, he pulled the bedclothes over his eyes, to hide the sight of the devil from him, and when they pulled them away, he drew them over liim again, and he said, " Oh, the devil is coming, he is coming," and his misery was great. Oh, dear friends, the Gospel. It is life to you. lit is the saving power. And though through this mission you have listened to the voice of a weak woman preaching that Gospel, you have listened to the Holy Ghost, who has given her power to speak it. And if you have stifled and quenched the flame, and say, " Go Thy way," He may go, and the devil may come. But, oh, may God help you to decide now, to receive Him, and to despise the evil of other ways. And now, as many as have received Him stretch out your hands. He waits by Himself. Go to Him and say, " Lord, I receive Thee, I receive Thee now." To them who receive Him He gives power to be the 6ons of God, even to them that believe on His name. The name of Jesus in the Bible iB the same as the living Jesus of the nineteenth century, the Jesus of 1,900 years ago. His name is with you. Friends, you saw my name, Mrs. Hampson, posted on the placards outside weeks ago. But you did not come here to see my name upon the platform. It was not my name you came to see. You knew I would be here, and if I had not been here it would liave been a hoax—a miserable hoax. The name on the placard meant that I would be here. And so where thenamo of Jesus occurs in the Bible notifying His presence, He is sure to be there. The Bible says, Rise up and walk, and if you believe in Christ the Lord, lean on Him with all your weight down upon Him, and He will sustain you. The power is His, and He will give it. The very moment you accept Him, receive Him into your heart, the very name will free you from temptation. And now, beloved, I invite thoBe of you who want to receive this JesuB—who are not quite sure, because of the power the devil lias over you—to meet me in the inquiry room. Oh, the doubts that have been scattered, dear friends, in that room! The doubts and Sears that have been scattered there are many indeed. And if I were to ask people here to rise up in thanksgiving, a hundred would rise up at once and declare for Jesus—declare His love. Not that there is any difference in this place or that; for God speaks to you just where you sit or stand, juBt there He comes. But there must be the moment when your spirit makes a movement, and yoiir heart says, " I aeceive; I receive." And that moment you put yourself in the midst of the hosts of saved ones, and say, " I am ready to receive," that very moment, that very action, sees you among those who have accepted ; and you are not to stop short of the assurance of God's purifying love and eternal blessing. Come, friends, for God's sake, come! And do not, to-night, reject the blessing, least you may accept it too late.— Southern Cross. 