jptoto. THE HANDS OF JUSTICE. BYF.W. ROBINSON. Author of ' Grandmother's Money;' ?' Coward Conscience ;' 'Annie Judge, Spinster ;' 'Poor Humanity ;' ' As Lang as She lived ?' 'Mattie, a Stray;' 'Owen, a Waif ;' ' So Church ;' ' House of Elmore ;' ??A ?Woman's Ransom;' 'For Her Sake;' &c.;, &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE FIRST. Chaptes SVUX— 'Will you Do Me a Favob?' \- John Woodhatcn bad not Known every thing after aLL Here was a coup ds theatre for winch he was wholly unprepared. A shrewd, observant man as he was by nature, and under whose feet the grass did not grow quickly, still he was not infallible ; and, aa a judge of human character, he had, as we are aware, begun to think himself a failure. In lids instance he had not calculated upon headstrong youth, or the romance of selfish ness leading up to this ; or. the power of ' Morris Brake and Lucy to deceive him and ' all rnnniv.tod with him thus comnletelv. 'Your wife,' he repeated slowly to himself. Then he eat down, planted his big hands . upon his knees, and stared at the fire, aa though the solution to the enigma was to be found in its red depths. *' Yes, we have been married a few weeks,'- Morris explained. 'When you were away in London we— we thought it was best.' 'Why?5 'We knew there would be much opposi tion,' he said ; ' that Mr. Larcom would not give bis consent, that you— even with all your kindness of heart — would side against as, and tell us to wait.' 'Yes, I should have done .that,' answered the master, slowly. ' There seemed no one on our side,' Morris continued. ' We felt every effort would be made to part us ; that the truth was coming to the light, and there was only security in. marriage. We loved each other very much, sir.' . ' Poor children ! rash children,' muttered Wbodhatcb. . 'Yes, this is love, I suppose ; the love of youth, which leaps in the dark to the unalterable. How old are you?' ' I shall be* twenty-one nest summer, sir.' 'Twenty years of age only,' said Wood hatch to -himself. : 'In nry twenty -first year,' corrected Morris, objecting to Ms first score very strongly, and anxious to be out of it even for argument sake. There was a tremen dous difference between- twenty and twenty one — even the law acknowledged that. And when John Wcodbatch added in Ms new dreamj manner — ' I remember last March you told me you were nineteen,' Morris felt absolutely baby iike, and thought it was a very ugly way of mentioning an indisputable fact. At least he was twenty last July, and should be of age nest year, although John Woodhatch did not seem to see it. 'And Lucy — is she eighteen yet? I forget.' He had only asked her last night the same question, and she had answered it. ' We'Uj she is just upon it, sir.' . 'Yes, next 'November ; I had forgotten for a moment. 'Nineteen and seventeen — boy and girl,' he said. 'I really am not nineteen, Mr. Woodhatch. I wish you wouldn't ? ' 'Ana now,' he said, interrupting him, 'sit down and tell me what are your plans. The crisis is passed ; you have accepted the responsibilities of life. What will you do to make her happy ?' Morris hesitated, and looked at the fire in his turn. 'You may trust me, Morris,' he said. ' I know that, sir ; I could trust you with my life.' *' The storm is over, and you and I are sit ting in the sunshine,' he said, with a sickly smile that was not indicative of any bright ness; ' we have no ill-feeling at our hearts. What are you going to do V ' I will tell you what I thought of doing, sir,' he said. ' You know I am rather clever at horses ; understand them, and their value.' 'You are very clever, though I haven't said as much before,' replied Woodhatch. 'Well, sir,' Morris said, looking down now, and in rather a shame-faced way, ' Scat terwait has offered me a good position in his service, and with many chances of advance ment.' 'Scatterwait is not a nice man,' was the Tn not Ai*'a maim t* «*1*- ' I know that. That is why ? ' 'But he is rich, the owner of famous race* horses, a great horse-dealer altogether, and better known in Lincoln than the bishop. And you would suit him, after a while,' added John Woodhatch. ' Yes, I thought so.' ' 'You will travel about England a great ?deal,' he -continued; 'half over the world perhaps1.' 'Yes ; it is not a bad life.' ' And Lucy — what of the young wife''5 ' Oh ! we have thought of all this, sir,' re- plied Morris, ' although I have been awfully hasty, and told you our secret prematurely ; but then you were so hard on me and her.' 'The past lies far away from us; years bade, it seems, Morris. Go on.' ' We thought of waiting till things were a bit settled, tfil I had saved some money, and then beginning housekeeping together later on, telling Mr. Larcom of our marriage, and asking his forgiveness. In a year or two, at the most, I should know exactly what to do.' ?? In a year or two ! Has it not struck you, Morris, what those two years would be to .Lucy, occupying a false position in her home, and with you wandering about the world with ' out her? Have you bad no thought for that.' he cried ; ' has not she ?'' -. ...-.- 'It was the best we could think of,' was the answer.. 'We are .young, and there is . ' -time before ,us, . and we have faith in each ©ther,' he added*, confidently. Mr. WocdhatcVs brow contracted, but possibly it was only at the fire. ' Your plans, Morris, are on a par with this secret marriage, very weak and foolish,'' he said, slowly. 'You do .not look ahead and see the misery and horror of it alL You see it as a dreamer. It must not be.' ' Must not ?'' ? 'It must not,' he repeated, rising; and, Morrig, taking it as a Mnt that the interview was at an end, rose also. ' There can come no happiness to such a life, and there must follow discord, jealousy, perhaps hate. It is a false position for you both— an accursed EEarc— and shall rot be.' ' Ob, sir. you have no confidence in me, I know.-'' ' You have begun life early : but, by Gad, Morris Brake, you shall begin it with your wife,' cried Woodhatch, savagely. ' If I only could ; if in any way I could !' ' I will find out the war. You must exist without that Scatterwait.:! ' I thought he ? ' 'Don't think of the fellow again,' said Wcodhatcb. ' Arsd now get away, and write to me to-morrow where you are. I shall be glad when you ar&out; of the house,' he said, bluntly ; ' I shsllbreathe more freely.' ?'Ah, Mr. WoodliEteh, you look upon me still as the man who has deceived you, instead of cue who, all his life, has looked up to you as father, friend, adviser,' said Morris, earnestly. 'That I hava leved Lucy is my only sin against you. Will vou not look over that?' ' Will you do me a favor ':' asked John Woodhatch, suddenly. ' Anything— evtrythiug— that is in roy power. Yes.' ' When you go &7is.y fcc- morrow take Fladge with tcu,' 'Fladge:' 'When vgu Lave begun the world for yourself, find a humble corner ia it for him ; be has been your friend, and served you -well from your point of view. And yon must not be ungrateful.' ' I am quite willing, sir. But ? ' '* Come forward, liadgo, and thank him. Don't stand glaring theiv, lad,' said John Wecdhatch. It was Reuben Fla3gc' wlio had knocked softly without, and then crept iato the roast, true to his time, only a inoraent since, and when Morris was standing with his back to him. Radge had closed the door behind him, and stood still at the mention of his name, with the fingers of bis right hand pressed against his teeth in a highly nervous manner. In the distance he looked as white and scared as jf a ghost were facing him ; and his other handle cf the door, whieh he was ha$f in clined tc open tgain, and then ily shrieking into tbc passage. But when he had heard and comprehended John Wo?-dhateh?s mean icg and Morris's answer, with a cry like a wild animal's, lie ran forward and fell upon his knees in front of Iiis master, clasping aim round with trembling hands. ' Oh, don't send me away, for mercy's sake, anything but that, sir. Don't send me from the farm, don't— don't,' he cried. ' Hush, you are making too much noise, Fladg,e. Get up,' said Woodhatch, backing a step or two in order to disengage himself from Reuben's clutch, but only dragging the ungainly youth upon his knees along with him. 'Not till you say you have forgiven me, and I may stop. For God's love, master, let me stop with you. Pray, do.:' John Wocdbateh reached out his big hand and patted the rough head cf the suppliant as be might have done a dog's, and said — *' It is fcr your gcod, !?ladge ; and you like Morris.' ' I shall always hate him now,' he cried, lockiag back at Morris with a glance very ex pressive of his assertion — ' he led me on, and gave roe money,, and mace me watch for him —watch you acd everybody— and I hate him, There '.' 'He will be jour friend.' 'No — he won't. No, he wcn'tT' 'And FJadge, you must go away from Lere,' said John Woodhatch very firmly, ' I bave quite made up_ my mind about it.' ' Oh ! don't say it again— don't say it !' ' Get up, and listen to me,' said his master. Beufcen Fladge staggered to his feet, went back to the wall and leaned against it, pant ing hard as though he had been running. He never took bis gaze from the master's face until all had been said, and he had under stood all. ' I bave no ill will against you, Pladge,' said John Woodhatch. 'I ana going to transfer you to one in whose service you will be useful, — if you are not, I will pay your wages instead of Morris here.' ' Fladge will be useful enough, sir,' said Moirip, ' he and I -will get on together very well.' Fladge did not look towards him, and did not seem to hear. He was awaiting his sentence of banishment from the master, and consola tion from the lips of Morris Brake was of no benefit or comfort to him. ''Perhaps you don't know good from harm so well as most folk,' .said John Woodhatch, 'and it did not seem so great a fault to plot with him against me.' ' Not against you, sir,' cried Morris Brake at this. ' I think it was. At all events you were both deceiving me, and that was like a plot. And,' he continued, ' like a wrong — which I I have forgiven.' Fladge left his place by the wall and came en . again with hands outstretched. For giveness at least he comprehended. *' But bearing you no ill will,' added John Woodhatch, *' hoping to be the friend of both of you, still I would set you as far apart from my life as it is possible. I could not see under my roof either you or Morris Brake, Fladge— I could not bear to meet either of you day by day, and every time I met you to think this one worked in the dark against me. You must go.' 'Oh ! master,' wailed forth Fladge, 'what was I before you knew me — what shall I be again?' *' You are almost a man — you know right from wrong — you will keep strong, now, Fladge.' ' Not if you drive me from this house,' was the sullen answer. ?'?Sou will go away to-morrow,' answered Woodhatcb, sternly. i- Yes, there were some things which John Wecdhatch never forgave, it appeared— and they were sins against himself ! He was no here — hardly a gcod man when hia pride was touched, thought MorrisJSrake, as he moved towards the door, followed by Madge. The interview was over, the decree of banishment bad been promulgated, and there were to be great changes at Farm Forlorn greater than any of the three were dreaming of in that hour. Morris opened the door, and Fladge, munching again at his finger tips, slouched after him. There was a hurried scuffling in the corridor, the slamming of a door somewhere near, and Morris stepped cut quickly. ' But the oil lamps had been extin tipguished for the night, and all was dark without. ' There are more watchers ' and caves droppers on the premises,' said Morris, turning to John Woodhatch again. ' I don't think so,' was the master's reply, as he took his old seat by the fire. ' Some one hurried down the passage just now,' said Morris, ' I would swear to that.' ' Carlo is loose,' replied the farmer. ' So is Mrs. Chnddcrton,' muttered Morris, sui rujjgujg us saoiuaers, men in a luuaer cone he added — ' Good night, sir.' 'Good night, Morris. You will let me know to-morrow where you are.' *' Yes, sir. Thank you,' 'Thank you!' he added, with emphasis; good night, Fladge.' 'God bless you, master,' was the answer, in lieu of the usual response, and then the door closed and John Woodhatch was alone. cliaiteb. xix.— mks. c]iaddertox is Watchful, The roaster of Farm Forlorn was a man easily disturbed, and who did not take life with philosophical calmness, although, like most would-be philosophers, he imagined his self possession bordered almost upon genius. He whem most events of any Importance easily disturbed, was possessed of the idea that nothing short of an earthquake could move him. True it was that he did not betray very quickly the trouble at his heart, or brain, and that he could assume a com posure he was far from feeling, but he suffered cone the less for the consciousness that those by whom he was surrounded did not kaow how much he suffered. And that particular night he was par ticularly restless. There had happened so much within the last thirty hours— life had tbjyjrKHL&J.; W vuauj^a au i^uxuajj' nibu mtu awjl bring about so many wondrous changes too. He could not sleep— what was the use of going to bis room and trying to sleep ? He had made that attempt last night, and with indifferent success, and now there was more to think about, and keep him wide- awake and staring. Yesternight he had been fool enough to propose to a girl who was already married, and who did not tell him, even then, of the reason why it was impossible she could accept him — to- night Morris Brake had owned he was her husband. What was to follow this avowal ? - and how should he set this ycurg rash couple up in the world, and on tfce smooth, straight path which should lead to the happiness of both of them ? For that he intended to do ; a little for Morris's sake, ptrhape, but for Lucy's a great de&l.; There would have come only unhappinesa to Lucy, if Morris had accepted the situation which had been offered to him by that sharp-witted, unprincipled, wealthy horse-jobber named Scatter wait. Morris should never go to Scatterwait'*, he swore it. He put more coals upon the fire, drew bis cbair close to the hearth, lighted his pipe, and composed himself to think very deeply cf the new surroundings of his life, of Morris atd Lucy, cf the misery of Fladge, of Greg very unaccountably of Greg, the last of a series of experiments, ail of which had not turned out profitably or as he had arranged they should do. Yes, he was a man of many failures, he confessed it sitting again there. How long he sat thinking he never knew. He sat the fire out, and was unaware that it had grown black ; the oil lamp was burning low, and the keen cold air was stealing into the rcom ; the night was so still, that the breaking of the sea upon the coast three quarters of a mile sway came like a low and muffled moaning in the di3tancs, and the wind sround the house w&s; crying like a child. Softly the door opened, and a figure in black and draped in a thick black shawl, ?Riikh hung about her head and shoulders in a strange fantastic fashion, stole into the room, her thick list slippers emitting no soccd. '-. 'Master,' said the fcarsh voice of Mrs. Cbadderton, 'yen are iu trouble to-night.' He vpas not startled at her appearance— his nejres at least were proof against little sur prises which would have brought the hearts into the mouths of timid folk, or else he was pretty wc-U accustomed to Mrs. Chaddcrton'd habit of stealing about the promises at night under the suspicion that all was not safe at Farm Forlorn, and the security of *.ho o:ftib lisbruerit depended solely on her extra vigilance. And it was a figure at wliicli own a moilc rately strong- mindrd wan mi/-ht .h:iv« jumped back a little — the drapery w:is no ijU.-k m\ii voluniinous,I£bc.locl;od.ilto;re(li--r^obhtiionT, and her pale, grim wliito fiii-o'wsH iilnunt. spectral 33 it. gjroniorf from the fulilu of tlio shawl about her head. 'Tcan'ts?y it is trouble, Mrs. (.Miiulili-rLoii,' hesDic'. 'What is it, then?' hhf fishc.-l :ilu)!Xit peremptorily, as if aiio had u ri;;ht to Kh.hv. ' I am not sleepy— tlmt'.s all.-'' 'Ah! that will net. do for Ann «J!i:id..lir tciy ' fcbc said. ' tbat is nn evasion.'' ' There are gcinp to b-i many rhinjT'.s »t Farm Forlorn, ih-n, and I caivt rc^t for thinking of them,'' ho continued, ' Will Hint do for an explanation:' ' .Ard the changes ar-? ? ' j Pbc j.ianscd for him to proceed with hi-i statement. ' Morris and I'lad^e are going away.' ' I can guess why.' 'Yes— you can guess why.' 'Bo they suspect me in any way ':' 'I thick they do. 1 am sure they do,'' was the answer. ' Is it well to nart with Mori-is ?' 'Tes.': ' | ' Ho sccus to have been a C0:r-panion to ? you. Almost a son.7' Wocdhatch shuddered. I ' Ard you have been drawn strangely to j Inoj. He has made the farm lighter and ; brighter by Ilia presence,1' she continued. j '?'Why do you plead for him?' asked j Wccdhateh,. roughly ; 'He is not fond o£ you.' 'I know it.' ' Or of anybody save himself and ? ' 'The Methodist parson's daughter,' con cluded -Mrs. Chadderton. ' Yes— that's alL' ' I do not care fcr bis likes or dislikes ; but I 'iznow the master Is cheered by his presence, and will be unhappy when he is thrown upon the werld,' she said. ' You know too much, noy wise woman of Skegs Shore,' said John Woodliatch, ironi cally. '3STo : too little,7' slic added, with a sigh. Jobn AVoodhatcli proceeded to fill a pipe with tobacco, arid Mrs. Chadderton watched the process solicitously. 'Will you not go to your room now? It is very late/' * '' What tirnc is it ?' 'Past one.' ' I did not know it was so late.' 'Sbsllltake the lamp iqto your apart nient?' she enquired, 'Kb; leave it alone.' be answered, »etu lantly, 'and get to b»d,:' ' I am always the last up in the house, you know,' she said. ' I should not rest if I vvere certain any one -was left downstairs,' slie added, gravely. 'Then you will not rest to-night,' Mrs. Chadderton.' ' Ifc does not matter.' 'And why are you wandering about the premises in this fashion ? Is there anything else amiss ?' he asked. ' No ; all is very quiet, to-uiglit.' 'Have you been out of tlie farai?' he asked. - 'Yes, as usual.' 'And the lights in the windows looking on the garden?' ijuey are ⅈ out, excepting m -morns s rocni.' ' Ah ! you need not watch thera,' said Mr. Wcodhatch, ' fae is packing up to go away to- morrow.1' ' It is apity,:3 she replied, 'but you should know best. You so wise, sad I so poor and ignorant ; you so good, and I so bad.;! 'The bad times are in the background, Mrs. Chadderton.' ' Ah 1 but I don't f orgefc them, I ? ' ' There, there, don'ttcouble me about them to-night. Haven't Z enough trouble o£ my own V he eried, 'You said it was nottroublc,'' she answered verv quickly. 'Did I?' ' Oh ! master, you are grieving for that girl,' she cried passionately, ' and she is not worthy of you in any way. She is too young, too frivolous, too much in love with Morris Crake, too weak and vain altogether for such & man aa vmi &»?/-- T^ATt'f: f:Tiinlr r\f 1tni- an? more ; prsy don't. If you give way — you so strong, and brave, and good— what will be come of us? Of all of us?' 'Mrs. Chadderton, you are a troublesome old screech owl ; go to your roost and leave a man in peace,' he answered, half in jest and half in earnest.' ' You will not sit up much longer ?:- 'When my pipe is out. There's that's a premise. Kow, go away. * Hook it,' as Greg would say.' ' Greg ! is he upon your mind too ?' ' No, he isn't,' was the answer, '* and now good night to you.' ' Good night, sir.' Mrs. Chadderton curtsied low, and then went noiselessly out of the room, closing the door carefully after lier. She went along the corridor and up the stairs, along the second corridor and up the stairs again, listening in the darkness at the doors as she passed, and stopping a longer time than usual at the door of the room which Greg Dor ward shared with Morris Brake and Fladge. . When she was quite satisfied that all was well, she stole downstairs to her own room on the first floor again, where a light was burn irjg, and here, she sat and waited for the master's footsteps, which she hoped shortly to hear tramping heavily along the corridor to the room beyond her own. It was a large room that of Mrs. Chadderton's, with big beams crossing the low ceiling ; a room full of odd corners with deep shadows lurking in them. Mrs. Chadderton did not fall asleep, or attempt to read and thus wile away the time at her disposal, supposing she were fixed in her intention to [see the last of Mr. Wood hatch before she retired finally to rest. She sin-ply sat and stared at the opposite wall, wrapped herself before entering tho garden that night, and presented thus so weird an aspect that had anyone attempted to surprise Mrs. Chaddertcnby an unlooked-for visit, he or she might have Jieen startled almost out of life by her grinrsct face and staturesque deportment. Presently a clock somewhere in the house struck two ; and, like a being regulated by clcckvrork, or who had been waiting very patiently for that hour to strike, she rose to her feet and went quietly and methodically out of the room, along the corridor, down the stairs, and to the master's parlor again to re mind him of his promise to her. She knocked very softly, and receiving no permission to enter, entered for herself. The wick within the lamp was flickering and spluttering, and the light was fitful and un equal, but sufficient to show that John Wood, batch was no longer in the room. The chair in which she had seen him last, and from which he had taunted her and given her hard words— so unlike him always this! — was empty, and the lorg clay pipe lay broken in owner had dashed it to the floor before rising snd passing out into the garden. For the glass doors of the window were wide open — tbc blind had been pulled up, the heavy red curtains drawn aside, and beyond was the dark expanse of garden ground, and a black sky lit with stars. . Where could he have gone and how long had be been gone ? What was there to watch now all was known, and the motive for Morris Brake's night Sittings fairly confessed ? And why should the master take it upon himself to watch, she wondered, when she had watched for him so faithfully ? Mrs. Chadderton walked to the window and peered forth; she stepped into the garden, looked right and left and listened for voices or the sound of footsteps, glanced up at the long line of stone work and house- root, and saw only the one- light from her own room glimmering from the diamond panes. She stepped back into the house and sat down with her white face turned to the open window, and her long, steady stare beyond it, waitiDg patiently and gravely for John Woodhatch to come back. CE-il'TEK XX-IX THE EAKLY MOBKiyG, The Reverend Alexander Larcom — some' times very irreverently styled 'Old Alec,' even by John Woodhatch— lived in a little, one-storied house eome two and a half miles from Farm Forlorn, A neat little prim edifice was Mr. Larcom's residence, and situated next door to his own chapel — Zion Chapel— which was a house of the same dimensions as Ma own, and with no preten tious in any way to a chapel-like appearance, unless tie name painted in white letters on a little black board which was nailed over the front' door -wS3 significant of a-.^lace. of public worship. It was a very pritaitive place of worship certainly, a good half-mile past the railway- Etatiou at which Greg had arrived early in the vre£k, and with fenland atd fifld stretchicg before it in one va9t rxp&nse;, intersected _ by rjarrov.' deep canals of seining water which the eye could foilotr for miles into tbe green heart of Lincolnshire. And behind Zion Chapel and its minister's house the fields grew scantier and scantier of bejl;age, becoming more gritty and sandy v,-ith every step, until the long low-lying coast v.ss readied, and the boandary finished by tbc grey restless sea, wLicli no sunshine ever brightened into color. Where AlcsiJider Lircoui obtained his con grrp.alicn from.it trris difficult to conjecture at iirst ligbt; there w?re&£ev? cottigcs vound about tbe station, and a church araoagst the \- intakes hup;e enough to hold half Lincoln sbire, and to vfiiich those of the villagers who were orthodox went morning a^-d atternoon on Sabbath days, and dc-zid and nodded their beads in the big pews to mucli indifferent irar.ndcrings from a toothless vector who was cert inuaily losing his place and coming to full step?. Mr. L&rcoin; at daggers drawn v,ith tlic church, sud, being disputatious, with afair Eumbf-r of church folk, did not c-poct, ard bad net accommodation for a \nrgc congregation ; twenty full-sizzd Lin colnshire fo'lr, who are generally full- sized ar.d with a tendency to squareness, filled his front room comfortably ; thirty or thirty-fire « s-owfJed Zion Chapel to suffocation; and lifty mccKsitHtfd the opening of the window m.ii tLt1 placing of a school form in the ixont ;.'.:uik'ti Wider it, amongst some very bright i iir'nrliiinis, v.lii'retbe supplementary mem bers cf llm flock could listen comfortably and i oc'ilj. With the regular portion cf his con i rr,',:.\icu Alexander L,aroo:a was a favorite. ile was a. contrast to. the rector of Skc^a Shore, fciiu when tbe window of his chapel vmii open, and ilio wind fairly ia the west, yen tculd hear him at i-hs railway station. A. envious gentleman in the train, whieli Ktojiprd etc Sunday afternoon at Skegs Shore I'ati, ii was rumored, popped Ms head out of vinlovr, and asked ' if thers was a row ou anywhere ::- but this was oaly rumor, and as tcld Xy the churchvrsTden oi St. Mango — v.ho cid not like Mr. Lsrcom— hardly to be iclicd upon implicitly. Kt-erthcless, Alexander Larcoin was a 7:£cjous preEclier, a rou^a- sad-ready hard liittc-r, a man who sairl sharp things to sinners, and was ' downright' in everything. He was eccentric, but he was in earnest; he spoke more of justice than mercy, of hell than heaven, and nervous folk quickly dropped sttefcdir-g ; but he bad his faitiiful little baud of followers who thought there was not a better preacher in the world, bar Spurgeon ar.d the Pope of Rome. Odd stragglers, who liked his style of arguiaent, would come miles to hear him pray and preach. John Wood hatch came for one, although spiteful people said be only came out of compliment, or to pay court to the Methodist's daughter after service, and in the next house wiere he would stay to dinner very often. Aid now Alexander Larcom and daughter ?we re at home again, and their watch and ward cf Fsrsi Forlorn over for the season. What a deal had happened since they went away SEd wbat a deal more, of which the Methodist had cot dreamed yet, he who was standing on ibe brink of discovery, and would presently icok down into the depths. He and Lucy had not exchanged many words in their drive home together ; their thoughts were deep, and not in unison ; ov else the presence of Greg ia tbe background checked any tendency to an exchange of con fidences. Besides, the father did not know what to er.y, though he miRht imply a great deal presently, and hint he wasadisappoiated is an. ' If you will not say a word to Lucy aTjout this. I shall be glad,:- were almost Joan 'Wood- Latch's parting words, and he had promised to bo silent. But John Woodbatch was very rich, very good, not very old, and was one of the few men with whom he had ever got on when brought icto personal contact. And be, Altc Larccm, was very poor— and, though he did not know it, very proud and dogmatic —and when he dkd, it had been often on bis inicd, like a thoughtful sire, what would be come of Lucy ? ' If lie hed only known that Lucy had, to the best of her ability, rashly settled this ii.ttle problem for herself, it would have been better for them both; but Lucy, although loving her father, was very much afraid of him. He had been an affectionate father in his dry, hard way ; but he had always treated bcr like a child, as one who could not be ex pected at her ≥ to bave any will of her own. Lucy's mother had done very well without one, and so would Lucy ; taking it for granted, and as a gospel truth, that he would always advise her for the best, and be sure also what was the bsst for her. There being no mistake about this, what could Lucy possibly want with a will of her ov/n any more than her poor mother? She ka-t a wise father, there was very little doubt about that ; aud a will of her own was a per fect and unnecessary superfluity, thought Mr. Larcom. He would have been glad of a long' talk with her, had he not been tied down by his promise to the owner of Farm Forlorn : he should have liked to be fully acquainted with each and every reason for Lucy's declining such an elegible offer of marriage as had been made. to her, and with his full consent, too, a favor always exceedingly difficult to secure. And he would know every reason too, trust him. Hence, though not a word was said that -day, or in the long evening afterwards, and when Greg had driven home with the farmer's trap, there was a dulness, a constraint, a re* serve, between father and daughter, each thinking, of the same subject, and each endeavoring to ignore it. Both were glad when the night was late, and it was time to say good-night,- after Alec Larcom had read aloud from the Bible a chapter which seemed particularly levelled at Lucy, and her dis regard of parental authority, and which the father, deep in Bible texts, had doubtless especially picked out for her. It was as though he had his own suspicions of the motive which had led her to tell John Weodhatch that all thought of her was hopeless. Was he very near the truth? She was afraid of the re sult of the revelation — her father being prone to regard matters unjustly sometimes, for all his reUgious feelings— and dreaded what he would say of her when the truth was known. What wouldhe think? What could he think? She was strong of will, and she loved Morris Brake too well not to fight his battles, aud share misery and poverty with him if it were needed, but it was waiting for the truth which seemed to unnerve her that night. And Alexander Larcom despising deceit, and waiting' for the truth too, was as gloomy and wakeful as the man we saw last at Farm For* lorn, thinking it out and arranging for the morrow. Presently tbe lights were extinguished in the little cottage, the light stole on and died away, the late dawn came up across the sea, a luggage train or two went shrieking by in the distance, the long, straight bands of silver in the landscape began to glitter in the daylight, tbe birds were full of song, the big, black cattle were lowing in the fields, and the first signs of labor for the day were apparent in the rattle, rattle of horses and waggon coming from some distant point to the regions of Skegs Shore. Suddenly there was a stoppage of wheels, a noisy shout from th.e driver, a bellowing and rearing as of a man in great surprise, and who was eager to comipunicate to some living soul about there the horror which had met him by the way. 'Oh! lor! Here!— hoy! hi! Look here — look here. Help ! Murder !' The shouting woke up Alexander Larcom, who flung up his window and peered out. ' What is it, mun, ye're blating at ? What's the matter with ye?' 'Murder's the matter, master! Come down; make haste!' 'Murder!' ' Yes. Here's a dead man in the road, sure enough,' cried the rustic. Ay, sure enough ; for death had been busy in the night, and left its victim in the deep dust of the roadway. Tragedy bad come with an awful suddenness to Skegs Shore. (To be continued) 