COURSI9VQ, Br 'MECHANIC,' THE COM.IKG SEASON (OONOLUDBD). And now wn oomo to tba important month for conrsera.for in July is run «.il 'h? VVatarJoo Cup, witb its th'iueand dependant on tbe drci«ion gi von by tbe Jcdv e Io tb" final ennrs", Tbe month i« oommenced by the Prnhr&n; Oiub. who run off tho Seporatiao Siabos for an an- Hmltod cumber cf all ogee, (bo winner rrcelv- »ng o piece of plate, urofcnted by Mr A, H. Walker, tbe vlce- piobidont of the clu b. Ou tho fnmo day the Coburg aurj Fast Bourke Imvo another inoetir?, and then wo have & bitftofioat nutil tbo 18th, when the South Aus traliune dinpoRS ol a stako, Tbero will, howovor, bo hat few Victorians nt tho mcoticg, as on >hb Ramo day commences the great Watorloo Gap Mtct'ng at tbe Sunbury Oval. Thin in far and uway tbo most important stake io Australia, na Is tbo Waterloo in England, (uotwithrtond- ing tbo Champion Stoke at Knmpton Park, witb its thoiusnd promiom). To tbe Water loo oomo couriers from all Australia, and tbo greatest interest And enthusiasm are shown on ovory ooareo. Tbo conditions are so well- known tbat tboy nsed no rtioanitobtion hero, but. In all probability &!! tbo Colonies of Aus tralasia, with tbo solitary exception ofWeitorn Australia will be reprctented, and tbo interest attaching to tho decisions is as great as ia felt when the numbers go up for tho Melbourne Cup, At this mooting wo Hud the fair box well represented, tha iadios being aa much delighted with tho sport aa thoco of tbo ateruor sex; but tboy generally hope to sea poor puss escape the faugB of her pursuers, whilst -wo, us and Co.' delight io n 'kill of merit.' flpncula- tion tor months before will bo frtoly indulged in, end tbo wires will bo flthbiog the nowa to all ports of Uin world ouoa tho final declsiou ia given, Tho New Zealand Watorloo is run on tho same day, and our friends of tho Britain of the South will bo as mnob inter ested In tbe doings of thnir long - tails as wo on tbe big continent. Tbe N.Z. stako is however likely to bs vomowbat robbed of its interest, ob wo may expoot two or throe of tboir kest dogs to be computing at Snabnry. Onco tho big stakes nro set at rert wo cake a trip to tho Westers Distriot and rosumo rotations witb tbe Hamilton Club wbo run off a stake on tbo 25ib; aud on tbo following day, Ercil- douno once more eeos ns, when tbo Ballnrat Olub dispose of tho aptly named Eicildouno Stakes for 32 oll-sgcs at 0 guineas oaoh. Our preseDco is uext demandod by tbo Australians at tho Werribeoj where tbo Shlfnal Plate, prueoled by Mr John Whitiingham, and the Werribeo Park Plato, tbo donation of tho Messrs GhirnBide for 16 all-ngGs and 10 Dnpplos roapeolivoly, are dooided a» well as two othor stakes of lesser importance. On tbo same date tho Fitzroy and Wost Bonrko Clnb run off tbo Tasmanian Plate, prosented by Sir W. J. Clarke; and on tho lost day of tho montb tho Now Sontb Wolos court era congregate at Rooty Hill to veo wbo shall bo tho poafossor of tho Now South Wales ChaUeogo Gup. Tba mouth of Angnut telle ub that ourlaboru aro drawing to a clc3e, and that tho great excitement is uoarly over, Tbe reason however dies 'game' aud many mertings, not yot appearing in the fixtures, will duly peo the 'ligbt of day.' Co tho 4tb the special from Spencer etceot lands us at Digger's Rout and we aro called upon to aBRiet at ono of tbe most pleasant meetings of year ib beiug ngain a ladies' meet, and I trust tho wcntboi will bo 1 meet and fit' for tho air of Viotoria, Ao to tbo sport thoro can bo no two opinions, for wo always got it of a high clato cbaraolcr on the localu that will decide tho ooveted pciasoion of tho Ladies Bracelet, preeouted byMrMonfgomory, Then thorels tho Ladies' PJato and u pair ot terra ootta voter, presented by Mr L. Notao, rb well as another itako for dogs nominated by ladies. Tbnt thin will bo a truly enjoyable meeting tbero can bo fittlo doubt, for when tho ladies honor us wdh tboir presence sportsmen especially enjoy themselves, and in an equal manner do thoy themsolvoF. Aftor Coburg and East Bourko, with Mortlako and Duukold, we again oro at Sunbury, whero the strong aud generous ptogramme of tbo Victoria Club is aonoladed for the seasou with tbn T&rnmtnua; Plato, and Iho Vico-preeidcofs' Plato Thu first-named is presented by Mr Joseph Clarke, and is worth fifty guinea?; and tho othor is of tho aamo valuo, donated by tho Vice-Presidents of the club, and it is nosdleos to stale tbat tbeflo trophies will be eagerly competed for, On tbo 24. tho Fitzroy and West Bourke run off their Australian Oup, presetted by that genuine Rnpporter of coursing, Mr Samuel Renwiok, Prahron is to tho fore on tho 2ilh with tbo Lad!ei>' Bracelet, proseutod by tbo prosidetit, Mr J. "W, Read. Tbo provision io this stake is tbat ladies are to nomioate tbe dogs. These Ladies' Bracelets bavo Dow become such an institution amongst coursing clubs that no programme is considered comploto without such a number on it. Tho Ooburg and East Bourko Olub run off a stako on tho 2oth,and then on the 20th comes tho important Cham pion titakes at Ballarat) an opun Btskes tor all fgc at 10 guineas each, On tho same day the Australians will conclude what I feel sure will have been a splendid aoason for thorn. On this occasion they dispose of two Ladies' fftakos and thu valuabIeNoiwoodPtato,preasnted by Messrs Fanning and Leonard; the proprietors of tho faruouB Norwood kennel. Haviog said 1 ou revoix' to the Worribee until next leaooo, wo finish up tho present one with the mooting of tbe Fitzroy and Weit Bourke Club, -who are not ono whit behind tbe other oluba iu gallan try, as thoy hove a Ladies' Plato presented in Ibis iust&nce; by a lady— Mrs James Holden. Dogs in thin stake are to be named by ladies, and do doubt it will bs a popular mestiug. I bavo now concluded tho liat of meetings, so far as I at present know, and thnt it is a strong r.nd formidable ono everybody admits, and I trust that in each inslancs the Bport will be of a first class character and that tbe beat doge may win, As is well known, thero Is somewhat ot n split betweon tho chiot clubs io Viotoria and New Sonth Wales concerning tho judge. I shall not enter into tbia matter, bat simply conclude theso coursing artiolos in the words of 4 Tbe Druid 1 Let our judgo be a havrkusto eyes, never baulk But take fences like Black Tom or Bovill: Ao deaf as a poet, and as muto as a ghost, And icoar 'oross thoflat liko tht daril. Tho points for our bonoh aro a go-bye and wreooh. A rick, a first turn and a kill. Ihfclr robes aro deep rod, all their lair's In their . heid. And their dignity's t«lt Is a spill 