? ?- ? , LOVE AT F1KST SIGHT. Sprites, imps, anqols, demons, and even His Satanic Majesty, artists have frequently attempted to portray; and beyond that, have endeavoured to depict the regions wherein these super natural beings are to be found. Such representations muss naturally fall short of the picture created by the individual fancy both in variety and in the characteristics lent by a vivid imagination. Of lnte years a further step has been made, and the forms of these imaginary beings have been represented in realistic shape. I a»n not alluding merely to ordinary stage plays but rather to optical illusions, and particularly to the illusion known as 'The Ghost.' It was this sensa tional exhibition which roused my curiosity, and seeing such an advertise ment of such an entertainment, in which a youth was to be misguided by evil spiritSjbut ultimately rescued by an angel, I could not withstand the temptation to enter the hall. I will say nothing here about the performance nor about the evil spirit, but when suddenly the angel appeared, I beheld the most lovely woman my eyes could picture. I thought her perfect as she stood immovably fixed, in an attitude of supplication — in fact, I was in love. Night after night I visited that hall for the sole purpose of feasting my eyes upon the charms of my adored one. There was one tliinL', however, which annoyed me, and for -which I could in no way account, that was that the name of mv augel was concealed from me. Although every other character, shade or mortal, lud a name assigned them, still the rescuer of the erring youth h id not plac-3 in the playbill. My curiosity at length became insupportable, and I deter mined to pen a polite note to the manager. To determine was to act, and after a sleepless ni/hfc parsed in vain endea vours to conjecture a suitable name for my inamorata, I received a reply in a «reat, spiawling, vulgar hand. With trembling fingers I unf;«siened it, when the following epis1 ie met my maddening gaze : '* D^ar Sor, ' The ladie as plays the angle is a wax figger. ' Truly yours, ' EVEBABD DE MoUTMOBENCY.' I cannot describe mv bewilderment, my horror, my unutterable despair! This was many years ago, but never have I fixed my affec ion on anything bearing the form of woman. My hair is growing thin, and streaks of grey begin to show, but I am, and eyer shall remain, '? Bachelob. 