THE CORONATION OF THE OZAR. I Tho Argus correspondorit writing from Mob- cow on May 27th gives the following description of tlio Coronation : — ! When the walls of the Kremlin inclosed all of tho crowd that/obllld -be adinittod, a choir of boys chaiited..-t|j5/,TjB;/Ildipil amid profound auenco, outsiclq tho .church as well as withiii it. The clorgadcompdnied.by. Bcolytos bearing a cross and- Swer of holy water, proceeded to re ceive the Czarbyiteb-; - This scion of royalty, who waa. surrounded, by a brillidrit. cortege, took hid .place at tho/ right, liarid of tiio throne. When tho procession . started , it .was made kriowri . to those inside tlio, cathedral by the reriowed ring ing of bells,- Ky; the sonorous music from scores, of bands, 'drill By shouting from those outside. , As the rdyal.piirty appealed at tlio door of the palace, tjip. immense multitude iriiiriediately.. uife covered their HetidS arid ..hurst iritii loud acclama tions, in which ovbri the worrieri joined, tlio' en- thusiasm, bping hearty a;id spontaneous. - At, the head'of the rdyalb'tlrbuclloj/vvliiclr'now' 'oritbrbd the Kromlihj jydk.tjid, rilaster df tnoj cbro.niptiies, Banked by heralds riolily clothed., and mquntea upon pure white horcos. Tho proco'ssion'was o£> immenso length and comprised deputies from the Asiutio-Statos| of, the Empire, students of tlio Universityj -tile clergy, judgSs-,-' nobility, ntiG pre fects from evpryspctioii,o£.,the..,Einpirp. When, the front raiile rfeutih'oa thS uodrs of the pbliicd it was met by tho EmperpjjTpa.ring the white, uniform of a colonel of tlio imjierial guard, and the Empress; drpdSbd/lil tha 'RusaiStl national' costume ofbjack velvet, nolily embroidered witli .diamonds,' and gffcliotl with' a riiagriificeiit blilt of precious stones. , Tho Empress loaned on the arm of hcr.Iniprial consort, a.nd the .pair placod themselves, behind a . canopy .. richly- .wrought in silk and gold; ;held by. 32 generals of high mili tary rank; --Thby then took their place near the bead of the prbcessioii;' directly behitid, . tho re galia. At this mbriierit tlio hritirb'bbdy iif the clergy emerged from tho cathedral, in order to. meet the regalia, which they publicly!;' sprinkled with holy water and perfumed,, inceiise.. Upon entering tlio portals of the cathedral tile. Emf poror and Empress woro received by tho" Mbtrb; politans of Moscow, oL Novgorod, and Keiff,, who prosontod to thcmlh cross to be kissed' 'and sprinkled them _ witli_holy water. . . Before the sacred images ;w mob .flahkbtl j tho doors of : the cathedral thUEliipiircir nud Einpre33 kneit arid bowed their heads, after which, .they were con ducted to;s two. /ancient .thrones of ivory and silvefj TJ.ie' .Eiiipgyprj-'.'pccu pjed the historical throne of the Czar YJadiinir Monomagere, while the Empress was seated in an armchair, .gilded and encrusted with .jewels., --The thrones were placed on the dais erecfe'd-betwoen the two middle columns of tne Cathedral, and over the dais was.aca fiogy of, scarlet velvet,, suspended froinitljh.arohed.rbof;; -It ;was embroidered with gold arid lined with silvbr brocade, wbicli was workbd with;th8:arms'6fRussia!and:iill; lier "'de pendencies in the 'most' ingenious 'manner. In front of the;„throne3 ivore two, -, tables -covered with gold cloth,' oil which were placed the- crowns, orb, anl sceptre. Only ' the foreign princes were accodiiuodatcd witli'seats;- The' Russian- pi-i rices and tho bthcr dighitarieS, stood dUriUgithe entiro ceremonyr'acCording to tho custom of the Greek Gliurqli." fiTlie digriitariea. of< tlib;realitt ivliij car- jried tlie sfaddStd Bridjsbfiis 'of', tlioeriipire r took ! their staridTiiii th"e.,s.tepa.;oi!the,'dai's:'; j. | After Jiiei'r Siajesties ivere,, sealed . tKej Bietro- Ipolitan of Novgorod as.ked tlie Emperor in a jloudj'jdistirict yolfcp,: " jAfe yoii ;S; triibbSliqyer 1" jTlie Emperor, falling ipV, his jltneesj read "in a clear voico tho Lord'b: 'Prayer ;tho Apostles' UlCUU UUbUiUtUiliU' VliO UIUCA |VllULUll| -llUU-'iUO tropblitali resjijintliiig, " " May tlie Rracfe" Of the Holy; Ghost remain 'iyitli ,'thee : He' then'de- Iscenfled "the -tliris;-'-' The' follbwirig cus'tbthary i summons was thon three times repeated by the bishop : — "If .theresbe anyrof you . here present knowing, a'ny; impediment :f0r,. which; Alexander, ;son of Alexnnderj shbuld-np't be 'crovnedj.by tho (grace of God, Eiilp'eror:and -Autocrat' of. .'All-;the iRussiiis;ilot/lririi bblifdifdrtfar'd'niiw.ih/thb: tiame jof thpHoIy ..Trinity, fai5a,ilidw vfliat tlie/ iiiipedi- mentiisqriiit1 him; femain.duniti forever, after." Reading seiectipns:frqm;the Gospel ; tjie metro politan, pf, Novgorod .and, Kieff again ; ascended (the dais, , and i.tivbitodtlie_ Empefor lyiULtho Imperial lriniitle, tlio irchbilfiop ofjloscowsay- ling at the same- timb, Cover and protect thy ipeople as.thie. robe, prptects.; ;and -. covers ; thee." iTlie Emperor responded; ' I will; I will, I will, JGod helping.' The Motidpolitan of Novgorod, 'crossirig'his' hands bh the hbkd of ' ho Emporor, (then invoked' the" benediction., of. tho Almighty .God dgpn1iim'an,Kis,;re/'jcffid:.deliirefM. to lAlexarider the Third, trie crown of Russia, which lie placed Hon his own', head. ' Assuming, the Bceptre arid orb, lio took his seat on the throne. jHe then returned the insignia of his title to the dignitaries!, 'appointed, to 'receive them, and 'called the Empress, who knelt before him. He Jtouched libr head lightly', with his j crowri, , and then -formally crowded her', with her own , crown. The bearing rind attitude of the Empress as she knelt was one of syinpathy. with' her royal hus band,' arid touched: the audience deeply. . Tho Czar preserved throughout the ceromony ri grave, and decorous dignity and nbblerie'as of demean our which aroused tho ridriiiratioh of all present. jAfter'tlie Empress bad been duly; invested (with the impbrial inaiitle, arid their Majesties - .were ,bolh seated on their thrones, an archdeacon in toned. the.-imperial - titles,' and sang- " Do'minel ia'ain fric imperatbm," which was taken up rind Ulrice! repeated by the choir. . Directly this part bf the ceremony was' finished,', the bells in all- the churohes'of Mosebw rarig put iri.a. chorus, while a salute of 101 gunS wis 'fired;1 aiid inside the cathedral the members' "of -! the/imperial family enderbd.thoir Corigfatulritipris to their Majesties. The Emperor then knelt down rind; recited:; a prayer, at the end of whichj the clergy rind all present knelt .before .-the, Eiriperpr. - The Arch bishop of Moscow, said aloud; ;ori'.,beha:lf., of tho nation, a fervent .prayer of Happiness --to their Majesties ; shouts pf " Long live the. Emperor" hen rent the cathedral|!ahd,were . taken upi, by the thbusarids outside; (arid'eariied froiri iriouth to mouth, until that part of the multitude which res unablo tp get, inside the ani'plbaoreage of the Kremlin caught the sound, which waved a huge volume of human gratulation to the. remotest parts of the city., The, cathedral choir then sang the TeDeum,! after whicli tlio Emperor ungirded ,1ns sword, and qeebmpaniod by the Empress arid 'numerous dignitaries; prbce'edod to the gate o'f.the Sanctuary. Thoro the -Metropolitan of -Novgo rod anointed theEmperpr'afbrehead, eyelids, -rios- trils, and lips, ears. breast, and handB, at the same i timo oxclairaiug, ' ' Behold the seal of the Holy ;Ghostj; may it keep tliooover holy." The . Em press was anointed only, on her forehead; Both 't'ook the 'sacrament, and tlieri. left the cathedral 'woaring their. crowns and mantles, the Emperor also bearing the sceptre and orb. After praying at tho Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel, their Majesties returned to the palace; escorted by a procession ! Which presontcd evori. ,a more splendid. sight than that whioh escorted them to tlio cathodrril; boirig now augmented, by the jg'orgoous state, carriages of the Imperial family. 'The cost of . the. coronation is estimated at 112,000,000, which wiirbo c.oVjefed by ari, issue bf Treasury bills.' Tlie illumination at night was "magnificent, and the city looked 'one mass of variegated fires ; j. ; ., iAt tho last' state' ball rit St. Fbtorsburg-the Empress honoured a youtlg 'officer by allowing him to waltz with ;her." The gontleman was re puted a famous dancer, but,; somehow;' oti this occasion his Bkilljsobmb to havojdos'orted him. The Emprbss rin'd 'lib 'fell heavily;t'o the floor. Thereon "tho Emperor ran across tho room_ and anxiously inquired jfrom his. wifo, who had risou, wlieth'et sho was 1 iiui't. The Empress replied .that silo lia'd riot sufforbd, but took the arm of her husband and lyont for a timo to a rotiring- rpoih, allotted Jo ,Ben' Meanwhile tho chagrin of tho ' iiniiappy officer was visiblo to all the guests. ' By:qndiBy. tlieiErilprotS'Ibturnbd, and, , seeing, tha distress, of, .hpr/jate, .partner, went to liim and insisted on his dancing another waltz with Her. . This timo there was no acoidont, and the .unlucky iiicidorit was forgotten in the gracious kjndriess of tlie popular Czarina. 