Fiction (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) AN EARLY MARRIAGE CHAPTER XXXV. FURTHER DISCLOSURES. When their boisterous joy had subsided a little, Alfred Ellerton turned again to his wife and said : " My love, your story was rather unceremoniously interruped. If you feel equal to it, I would like to hear how you spent all those long years, after you gave up our boy." Their was a tenderness in his voice, as he pro- nounced the words " our boy," that brought the tesrs ' to Ralph's eyes, and, seeking his mother's side again he remained à rapt listener while she, continued her tale. "I lived," she said, " most of the time quite com- fortably by the effort of m7 needle. But sometimes, when too ill to work, I was very destitute. I left Naples and went intft a quiet village, where the people were kind ana friendly, and after awhile my life became quite peaceful, but, oh 1 so lonely. "Finally a long and weary sickness unfitted me for labor of any kind, end I resolved to return to my native land and make one last appeal to Ralph. " I had not quite money enough to defray my ex ? penses, so I pawned everything but a few necessary articles and the precious brooch. "I went to him, and the result you know, as you Bay you heard all that passed between us. When I fled from bim that dny, I thought my heart was breaking ; I felt so friendless, homeless, and so weary of life, that I longed to die and be at rest, The last I remembered, as I wandered through the streets of the city, was falling heavily upon the pavement, be- lieving that I was dying. When I again recovered consciousness it was far into the night, and tbe woman in whose care you Bay you had left me waa bending kindly over me. I asked her where I was and what was the matter. She told me that I had fainted in the street, and a gentleman had brought me there in a cab. [' I remembered all then, and somewhat anxiously felt in my bosom for my treasured pictures. Imagine my grief and indignation when I found they were gone. AU I possessed on earth to link me to the joys of the past taken by a cruel, relentless hand from me, for I felt convinced that I had been robbed by my brother. AU hope was crushed out of my heart* for now I had nothing with which to prove my iden- tity. Once again I tbrust my hand in my bosom, hoping that I had missed my treasure in my search, I only found the paper containing the fifty-dollar bill, and upon which were the words bidding me go to the post-office in a fortnight. " Then I was convinced that my brother was the jobber, and perhaps, feeling a couch of remorse, had left the money in its place, I could not do otherwise > than accept my fate, cruel though it was, and at the end of the fortnight I went as directed to the office. I found an envelope directed to 'Robb Moulton» awaiting me. It contiined another fifty dollars, with instructions to go for the same every tortnight. " I still thought the money came from my brother, and accepted it as my rightful due, I resolved at once to improve my condition and appearance, and when I had become something like the Rose Moulton of former years, to seek my son in spite of all oppo- sition, tell him my story, and rely on the natural love-instincts of his heart to own and greet me as his mother. Bat while I waited and prepared, he and his uncle disappeared. After a few years I heard of them in Kew Tork. In the meantime I had lived comfort- ably, with plenty of means at my command, and really looked like my own self once more. " I immediately went to New York, but when I arrived there I found that they whom I sought had gone abroad.' I learned their destination from the lawyer whom I engaged to receive my remittances and forward them to me, and immediately followed them. "I only arrived this morning, and hearing the story of the unfortunate lady who was to be forced to wed my sou, also of the expédition formed to prevent it, I wrapped myself in this heavy cloak and followed, little dreaming of the happiness and joy that awaited me." " Oh, what is there of evil that you have not done, wretch that you are ?" sBid Alfred Eiterten, sternly, turning to the squire, who had sat in a state of tor ture, as he listened to the Btories just related. Now he ground his teeth with rage at the sight of their joy, but replied, with a fiendish leer : " I have the satisfaction of knowing that my plots worked well for twenty years, even if they do fail in the end." "Silence, fiend; the day of reckoning for you is at bandi" He subsided again into a dogged end sullen silence. "But, Alfred, hon came you to get the certificate again, you have not told me ?" said Rose, turning again to her husband. " I told you that I followed him for a long time. I know he must have stolen it, for I had never opened the casket which contained it except in your pres- ence. I felt assured, too, that he would either keep it about his person, or else destroy it, and I resolved to satisfy myself, feeling it was well worthy an effort. In my disguise I went to the inn where he and Ralph put up, and while the maids were getting their supper the night they arrived, I went into the kitchen and slyly drugged their coffee, My room wes directly back of theirs, with only a closet between, and after they were aBleep ¿sound asleep, too, I assure you tbey were, for it was a powerful drug I used) I re- moved a board from the partition in the closet, entered their apartment, and searched until I found this precious bit of paper." He put it in ber hand as he ceased speaking, and she clutched it eagerly, while her eyes flew swiftly ever it, devouring every word ; then, with a smile and a eigh of intense relief, eke bid it within her bosom. of Mines \'*iwo timber ^'I concealed myself several times in that clo-et," ¡ làiued her husband, " and in that way learned it the treachery that was afloat." * I \- luire gave a howl of rage at this disclosure, "". tered a horrible oath, while Ralph hung his .ne and confusion." ** is wire," said Alfred Ellerton, y interruption, " I believe I have .ting you care to know, unless I re- lner weal*""*9 BD abundance of this world's goods, air, ..ii your future life shall be one bright dream of uappiness, if my devotion and love can make it such. We will improve every moment, and strive to forget in the joy of the present the bitterness and suffering of the past I But," he added, quickly turning and glandng around, "I have b couple of friends here who, also, have somewhat against tbiB peace-destroying wretch ; and when they have settled with him we will leave this place for more agreeable quarters," He turned away as be spoke, to see the Italiana before mentioned, while the squire, with an uneasy anxious expression upon his yellow face, remained waiting and watching, not without cause, for further painful developments. CHAPTER XXXVI. UNBHOKEN FAITH. We left poor Enid Chichester in a faint in the arm- chair, into which she bad fallen on discovering who the bridegroom was ; and there she had remained unnoticed and uncnred for until the excitement had somewhat subsided-until every smuggler was firmly bound and put under close and watchful guard. Then some of her fair sisters bad discovered her and immediately set about her restoration. For a long time the efforts of her friends were unsuccessful but, at last, wiih a heavy sigh, she opened her eyes and gazed wonderingly around her. Soon she 'remembered where" she was-why she was there, and what had happened- that he-ho who had promised to devote himself to the work of liber- ating her- he upon whom she had placed her whole dependence, her whole faith and trust, was married to another; worse than that ! was the wretch who had hbartlesBly forced the bonds of wedlock upon an unwilling bride ; and with a moan of pain she covered her beautiful face with her hands; " What is it Knid-what made you faint?" gently asked one of her friends. She started as if suddenly smitten with a rod, at the question.- Disagreeable as the fact might be, she realized that hsr heart had gone out to tbis same sinful and erring man, with all its freshness and wealth of affection ; in plain words, that she loved him, in spite of the hideous and glaring colors in which he now stood revealed. But she would rfte before she would ever let any one suspect the truth. So, setting her little teeth firmly together, and tossing her head defiantly, she said, in reply to the query of her friend : " Ob, nothing but a nervouB shock, from which I shall soon recover." Then, anxious to turn the con- versation from herself, she added : "But what does all tbis mean?-and what makes you all look so happy ?" They explained everything to her, while she listened, laughing and crying at the same time, with joy that once mora tbey would all sob home and friends, Finally) when Enid grew more calm, they all arose and joined the group where such interesting revela- tions were being made, and where Rose Ellerton had just thrown herself at the feet of her husband They listened with intense interest to the story of the long-parted husband and wife, and Enid began to feel her heart warming toward Ralph again when she heard bow he had been deprived of a mother's influence all his life, and in the clutches of his vile uncle. Then, when he so humbly begged forgiveness, her warm heart grewsympathethic, and poor little Enid's defiance and pride all melted away like the dew be- fore the sun, and bowing ber pretty head, she sobbed out her pify and her love-pity for the painful remorse he felt, and the trial he did not spare him self in confessing it, and love for the good that her tender, womanly heart told her was in him. Ralph had seen her tears, and half-interpreting their cause, his heart bounded; and when bia mother had finished her story, and his father had gone to seek the Italians, he arose and approached her, " Miss Chichester, why do you weep P" he asked, gently. She started violently at the Bound of his voice, and then looked up at him. The instant their eyes met both colored deeply, and the young girl drooped her gaze, as she replied : " Who could help weeping at all tbis happiness and good that has come so unexpeetedly ?" " I know strange things have developed themselves here to-night ; but," he added, with a touch of sad- ness in his voice, " do you remember what you prom- ised me tbis morning ?" " Yes, I remember." "I have come to release you from that pledge. Tou must have seen, ere this, that I am unworthy to perform such a duty, and though I know you have co friends to care for you, yet krTowing what you now dd of me, I feel I have no right to expect you to trust in me. But I will find some one who will care for you faithfully." His voice was full of regret and self-depreciation, and the sound of it brought the tears again to the fair girl's eyes, But she hastily lifed her head, and glanced half-defiantly at him, as if daring him to ac- cuse her of being unmaidenly in what she was about to say, and replied : "I do not desire to be released from my promise. " Miss Chichester ! surely you do not mean it," be eaid, eagerly, his whole face lighting brilliantly. " Yes, Mr. Ellerton, I do." "And can you trust me still, after knowing what you do ?" " I can. Do you not remember what J said this morning-that you might do something, impelled by the force of circumstances, that would merit my severest censure, but that even then I should feel there were goodness and iruth in you, My words have proved true ! There is much of good in you ; I feel that you were intended for a noble man, and had the influences around you been pure, you would never have been led into such evil ways. I feet that the words you only a short time since uttered were sincere, and I have no wish to retract anything that I have pledged, least of all my faith in you." Ralph gazed at her in wondering admiration ! " I cannot tell you, Mies Chichester," he said " how deeply grateful I am for your confidence in me. Your words move me more than I can express ; they give me new courage, they inspire me with a blessed hope." CAHPTER XXXVII. GONE TO HIS DOOK. Meanwhile, Alfred Ellerton had found the Italian brothers, who had retreated into the background when tbe long-lost wife presented herself ; but they now came forward, and stood proudly and coldly before the squire, having first sought and found Vivien, who still remained with Frederick Weimher both seeming to find an irresistible charm in each other's society« 'Uley, ton, came near, but took tbeir places brhind Squire Moulton, where he could not see them until the proper moment should arrive far Vivien to re- veal herself. " Well, what now ?" snarled the villain, as on looking up, he beheld, as he supposed, two of the smugglers standing in front of him, " Your doom !" was the stern response, while both men threw aside tneir rough garments and stood revealed in their true characters ob Italian noble« men. A shriek of craven fear rang long and loud throughout the lofty cavern, and finally died away among the glittering arches above; then a death-like silence ensued for a few moments, while, with rigid face and staiting eyes, the unhappy wretch gazed upon the forms before bim as if tbey bad been ghosts from another world, come back to haunt and torture him with fearful memories. At length the elder spoke in tones that froze his listener's blood. " Our oath is nearly fulfilled, and the fearful wrong you did our sister is about to be avenged, and justice will at last be done. We have hunted and tracked you for long, long years ; we have seen you plot evil and suffering for others, and only waited for a favor- able opportunity to wreak our own vengeance upon you. That opportunity has at last arrived. You are soon to be called to account for your treacherous and sin-blackened career." " Ob, you will not kill me ; you will let me live a little longer I" cried the wretched man, trembling with terror. " Who killed our sister ? Who carne into a peace- ful, loving family, created discord and sorrow, blighted every joy and hope it had ever known, dis- honored its fair name, and broke the hearts of a loving father and a tender, devoted daughter ? Do you deserve to be spared ? Think you there is one iota of pity in my heart for such a hardened wretch as you ? No ! As I said before, your doom is sealed, and justice shall have her due" " Mercy-mercy !" the squire gasped, writhing in agony at their feet. " Mercy !" thundered Count Geriant of Lamarack. " Were you merciful when you deserted her whoBe innocent heart and affections you won by your artful schemes, whom you made your wife that you might fi 1 your purse with gold, end finding none, pro- nounced your marriage a trick; broke her gentle heart, and heartlessly left her to suffer poverty and child-birth alonef Mercy to such as you? Wretch> unnatural father, who never cared even to look upon his offspring's face, or clasp in his arms the tiny creature formed from his own flesh and blood I No ! no mercy shall be shown you ; we have sworn it, and our oath is iaiiolable." The cringing villian turned shiveringly to his sis- ter; his teeth chattered in his head, and huge dropB of cold perspiration rolled down, his shrunken cheeks " Oh, Rose," be cried, " plead for me, do not let them murder me ; think how I reared your boy ; I cared for him for over twenty years, and do I not de- serve something for it ? I cannot die now. I shall go to eternal perdition-oh, save me, save me !" His sister's lips curled slightly at the sight of his abject fear, though her face was pale as death as she replied, huskily : " It would please me better, Ralph Moulton, to see you on your knees pleading to Heaven for mercy, You cannot expect much love from me, though I would that you had time to repent." " Oh, Heaven ! will no one help me ?" " Here cometh one, and it shall be as she says," sternly said the Count Geriant, as be beckoned Vivien to come forward, She came, pale as marble, but beautiful as an angel, leaning upon Frederick Weimher's arm. Slowly, softly she glided forward, and stood before ' the kneeling wretch. He did not see her at once, she had come so silently; but'chancing to raise his eyes after a moment, he instantly started wildly to bis feet, his eyes protrud- ing from their sockets, bis nostrils dilated, and his under jaw dropped like a dead man's. "BackI" screamed Squire Moulton, frantically. "Back to the land of spirits whence yoa came j Heavens I why come you here to torture me thus ?" "Villian, it is your daughter.'" said ker unclei solemnly, " Il ¡b a lie ! Back with you-come no nearer mercy-Vivien !" With a shriek of mortal agony that pierced every heart like an arrow, that rang and echoed, and rang again through that lofty, spacious cavern,curdling the blood in every vein, and paling every cheek with horror, the miscreant by a mighty effort burst the fetters that bound his hands, waved them wildly in the air for a moment, then tottered forward, swaying from side to side, and fell prostrate again at Vivien's feet. With a moan of fear and anguish, the lovely girl closed her eyes upon the horrible scene, and sunk fainting upon the bosom of him who supported her. Ralph and his father sprang forward and raised the form of the prostrate squire ; lint life had fled, and they raised only a stiffening corpse. The heart disease that so many years had threatened him, hanging like an avenging Bword ever above him, had cut him down in an instant and he had gone to his reward ; gone Jo where justice would be dealt unto him, not by the weak and erring hands of humanity, but by a stern and righteous Judge. CHAPTER XXXVIII. PBBB AT LAST. An hour later a happy company, comprising the reunited husband and wife, the happy lovers, and the lovely but now joyous and hopeful maidens, who long had been held in captivity within that wonder- ful underground palaee, might have been seen wending their way toward the large and commodious inn where Madam Alroyd and Dora, also Mr. Ellerton, bad taken rooms on first entering the place. Mine host's face glowed all over with sympathy, delight, and genial hospitality, as he welcomed so many illustrious people beneath his comfortable roof. It was not often that anything so interesting and exciting occurred in their quiet village, a proof of which might be*seen in this honest landlord's flurried manner, as he rushed hither and thither, giving an order here, and countermanding one there. But at last all was right, every one was comfortably settled and every eye closed in sound and peaceful slumber, and every heart forgetting in its gentle embrace the thrilling events of the few hours previous The fated smugglers were left behind within the cavern, under a strong and watchful guard, until morning, when they were handcuffed and chained in pairs, and then sent from the place to be tried and sentenced by the country's laws, which for so many years they had boldly and successfully defied. The body of the squire was quietly interred in a wild and secluded spot not far from the sea, the people refusing to allow so wicked a man to be buried in their sacred grounds. A plain shaft of marble, bearing his name, age and the date of his death, was erectrd over bis lonly grave, and he was left to sleep even as he had lived-atone. For a week after these events the hotel where our friends sojourned was a scene of hilarity and joy, such as the wide old rooms bad not witnessed in I many a year; then the gay and happy company! broke up, and all departed, to go their different ways. ' 1 The lovely ctptivee, all except Vivien and Enid» were placed under the care and protection of good old Father Francis, together with an abundance of means, to be convoyed to their several homes, where all arrived safely, ns Vivien learned through loving letters received from her affectionate and grateful charges. Having satisfactorily accomplished the mission with which he was intrusted, the good father returned to his former duties in a distant convent. Dora claimed Vivien and Enid,,declaring that they should accompany her on the remainder.of her tour, wbich she waB unwilling to give up, though madam would have preferred going straight home, after receiving such a fearful fright. Vivien consented to make one of their party, but Enid gravely shook her head and said "no ; she must go to her own home and attend to her estates, which so long bad lain without an owner. But," she added, trying to smile, though her heart was sad and heavy, " I will return and get everything in order, and be prepared to receive you all when your travels are ended, six months hence, and we will have a joyful reunion before the final separation, and each return to bia and her own fireside« So it was agreed, and lovely Enid Chichester bade then* all a tearful farewell, and departed with Nina and Mr. Ellerton, who had promised to see ber safely within the balls of her ancestors, and then join his own party in Paris, wbither'they had decided to go. Poor Ralph was disconsolate enough at this ar- rangement, for he had come to love the " sparkling little English Gem," as tbey called her, with the purest affection of bis heart; but be bad obtained a promise that she would write to him, and be tried to content himself with that poor consolation, resolv- ing that when his eix months' probation-for he knew she meant it as such by the look she gave him when she bade him good-by-was over that he would tell Mb love, and win, if possible, the beautiful Enid for his wife. Madam Alroyd, Dora and Robert, Vivien and Frederick Weimher (who had discovered that he could not exist beyond the presence of the fair Italian), Alfred Ellerton, with Rose, his wife, and Ralph, then all bade a final farewell to Germany, and departed for gay, thoughtless, charming Pari!. Vivien's two uncles returned to their native coun- try, to fair and lovely Italy, with its sunny skies and fragrant vineyards, to prepare a home for the idol of their hearts, where she was to dwell with them after the promised reunion at Chichester Hall. CHAPTER XXXIX. A GOOD OilBN. The six months were past. Behold ! upon a lofty hill, surrounded by magni- ficent beeches, whose overhanging boughs make a royal arch of green above the smoothly graveled drive-way that encircles it, stands a grand old castle, the very air around which breathes of centuries and aristocracy. On this brilliant day its massive portals were swung wide open. A magnificent floral arch was eroeted ever the wide entrance, while above it, in letters of gilt, is inscribed that sweetest of words, Welcome ! and garlands and festoons hung suspended through every room and hall, as if elad in holiday attire, in honor of loved and long expected guests. The great drawing-room on the left of the grand old hall is redolent with the richest perfume, and within it, pacing up and down its spacious length, elad in her rich and trailing robes, is the fair mistress of all this grandeur and magnificence-lovely Enid Chichester. Hope and joy beam in ber eyes, a flush is upon her soft cheek, which creeps higher and higher wtyh every passing moment, while smiles part her ruby lips, showing the gleaming pearls between. Suddenly she starts; a happy, expectant look is upon her face, as she bends eagerly forward in a listening attitude. Yes, she is not deceived; the sound of approaching wheels, grating upon the graveled drive-way, comes' in through the open hall, and with a joyous cry she bounds out tn receive her friends, Three heavy travelling carriages drew up before the hospitabledoor, their glowing occupants alighted, and immediately all was gay confusion ; handshaking until the bones ached, kissing and congratulations, At last all was over and settled in his or her respective apartments, and the next two or three days were given up to resting, after their long and tedious journey, ^nid did the honors as mistress, as she did every- thing else, gracefully, and dispensed her hospitality with a lavish hand, her heart overflowing with excess of joy in the happiness she was contributing and receiving. One morning, soon after the arrival, she arose early, and desending the grand old stair-way, went, softly bumming to herself, into the library, where she intended to have a quiet hour all her own, before her guests should come down to breakfast. The morning sun streamed brightly in through the low open window, which led out upon a balcony overlooking ths park. With a sigh of pleasure Enid seated herBelf in an inviting arm-chair, and lay back among its cushions, with a smile of happiness about her sweet lips, wholly forgetful of the book she held in her hand, and which she had intended reading, and wholly unconscious that a pair of fine dark eyes were tenderly regarding her from behind the heavy curtains wbich draped the balcony window. Neither did she hear a step upon the soft carpeti or realize the presence of any one, until a fragrant waxen cape jasmine was suddenly dropped from above into her lap. She Btarted then, and looked quickly up, but flushed the deepest crimson, as she met the earnest gaze of Ralph Ellerton, who was bending over the . back of her chair. " Why, good morning Mr. Ellerton," she said striv- ing to cover her confusion by speaking lightly ; " how you surprised me. I thought I was the only one stirring so early this morning." " Pardon me for startling you ; but I have been np since sunrise, 1 Over the tulls and far away.' I have but just come in, and stepped out upon the balcony to enjoy the glorious view." " It is fine, isn't it ? Poor papa used to enjoy it so much," she replied, sadly, the tears springing to ber eyes ; then added : " This was always his favorite resort, and he would Bit for hours upon the balcony and gaze upon the scenery around." She picked up the flower he had thrown into her lap, inhaled its fragrance, and then fastened it upon ber bosom. He smiled slightly at the act, and she, suddenly looking up, caught his eye fixed upon her, and again the rich blood suffused her face, but she did not remove the flower. "Enid," said Ralph, tenderly, "may I interpret that as a good omen ? May I tell you of my love after waiting so long ?'. " There is no need to tell it, Ralph ; I knew it long ago," she replied, in tones as tender, and with an irresistible frankness. " Darling, your toses tell me if your words do not, that you return it, unworthy as I am, he said, as hu passionately clasped her in his arms. " Yee, i'.iilph, 1 do. I loved you before I left that horrid cavern, and it also broke my heart when I thought you the busband of another. But after I found you were free again, I would not speak the words which I knew were on your Ups, for I wished to try you first, to prove the good I felt there was in you." " Bless you for your frankness ; but you will per- haps be-surprised when I tell you that my heart for- got its allegiance to that other the moment I first be- held you.' " Then why did you persist," hastily interrupted Enid, raising her radiant face in surprise, then blush- ing scarlet again as sbe remembered that it must wound him to be thus reminded of the past, " It is all right, darling," be returned, noticing her confusion, and clasping her Bgain to him, " I wiBh you to know me just as I am. I persisted in the evil I had begun, merely beoause my will and my pride would not yield to my heart, But I cannot express the gratitude I feel for the gift of your precious love. Iknow " Now Ralph, you are not to talk that way any more. You have done wrong, and you own it, and repent of it. It is enough, None are perfect, and I have my faults, as you will find out some of theBe days. I love you justj as yon ¡¡are now, not ¡what may have t)een a long while ago, so please don't dis- parage my lover to me any more," and the bright eyed little maiden held up two pouting lips. She received what she wished, and then Ralph aBked tenderly : ' " And you will be my wife, Enid ?" "Yes, Ralph." " When, darling P " Whenever you wish," " God bless you, my precious .one ; let it be soon, then, for I need you much, and I think you know itl" They conversed some time longer, and when the breakfaBt-bell sounded, and their friends descended, the day was decided upon, - ' Ralph led his promised bride directly to his father and mother, and proclaimed the good news ; and then breakfast had to be delayed, much to the an- noyance of the worthy housekeeper, half an hour, for the joyful congratulations of all that happy company. After breakfast was over, Enid, with a very mys- terious air drew Dora and Vivien away to impart a very important little bit of information, as she called it, to them, namely : That sha was to be married in three weeks. " I know," she said, ns both the girls held up their hands in dismay at the limited time, " that it usually takes six months, at lenst, to complete the trousseau of a fashionable young lady; but I think I can do better than that ; and then, poor Ralph is so sad and lonely, I am going to humour him in this. You both must be my bride-maids ; and Vivien, would you be willing to stand up with Mr, Weimher? I-don't think be would object to you," said the sparkling girl, mischievously, Vivien blushed and stammered, and then broke down entirely. At last she saw it was no use to try to hide it longer, and made a clean breast of it, con- fessing that she was engaged to that same gentleman, "Ah I you rogue, I mistrusted you long ago," said Dora. " You little goose, why did you try to keepit so still ?" . " V'!Mjä "Because I wished the consent and congratula- tions of my uncles first. Mr. Weimher spoke to them yesterday, and we were to acknowledge the engage- ment to-day. But see how you have robbed me of my secret, you heartless girls !" She laughed gayly, though the tell-tale coIor_stiU remained upon her fair face. Just then there was a rap upon the door, and a maid entered saying that. Miss Dupont and gMiss Moulton were requested to step into the library for a few moments. The two girls twined their arms about each other's waists and wonderingly obeyed the summons. In the room designated they found their lovers, who, likewise having been informed of the approaching nuptials of their hostess, now importuned their own fair brides-elect to consent to don the matrimonial bonds upon the same day, and thus make a triple wedding of the affair. Both demurred at first, but finally the ardent gentlemen overcame all obstacles, and, consenting, they immediately vanished to com- municate the news to their fair hostess, Enid was in raptures, declaring that theirs should be a wedding Buch as was never heard of before in the annals of Chichester history. Then ensued three weeks of such bustle and con- fusion as made worthy Mrs. Judson, the house- keeper, nearly distracted, and the servants were kept flying hither and thither from early morn till dewy eve. **#* * * * * The bridal morn broke calm, clear, and beautiful. The hour appointed for the) ceremony arrived, and the three-beautiful girls, elad in their white, gleam- ing robes, with no ornaments save nature's sweetest -pure and fragrant orange blossoms-were ready to confide themselves for life into the keeping of their heart's chosen ones. Three chariots, each drawn by a noble pair of milk-white steeds, bore them from the Chichester mansion, to the distant cathedral, where the bishop waited to speak the irrevocable words, and where anxious friends were waiting to witness the brilliant wedding. Ralph and Enid led the way up the broad aisle to the foot of the sacred altar, and the words were spoken wbich bound them to each other for life. Then Frederick and Vivien pledged their vows and likewise received the benediction of the holy man. LaBt, but not least, Robert and Dora joined their hands and repronounced the vows uttered in child hood, and which had been so faithfully and fondly kept through sorrows and trials, and in defiance of all disappointments and opposition. Never bad the lovely girl looked more beautiful, nor ber lover more strikingly noble and handsome, than at that moment when, in solemn, earnest tones, they repeated the marriage service that gave them anew to each other. Faithful hearts they truly were, and faithful we know they will ever remain ; and there in their hap. piness and love we will leave them, bidding them a long farewell, trusting that the lives of each and all may be but a succession of blessings, so bright that they will never fade until the greater brightness and glory of heaven and eternity shall burst upon them, enveloping them in endless bliss. [the end,] ". OUR! NE W TAMS.-An; " Early Marriage" being completed in this issue! on Saturday ¡Next, I&th;'jAugust, we will publish¿the first chapters:>f "¡MISUNDER- STOOD." The ¡new ¡story is] one of (passionate {and.[sustained in- terest, throughout -. vigorously and fascinatingly written. 