CHAPTER III GOLD AND A STRANGE ENCOUNTER. Gold . . . the picklock That never fails. —Massinger. She stopped and raised her hand to speak, but paused, And then moved on again with rapid pace. —BYRON. A month rolled by and no more was seen of the ghost, and Bill averred that most decidedly he must have been shot. Harry, however, shook his head, and remembering the words of McDougall, thought there was something of human agency about the matter. They soon dropped into regular habits, and as visitors there was absolutely none—except " Bullocky," who once in six weeks brought their rations, and the over- seer who about once a month looked in to see that all was right, and to take tally of the sheep—there was nothing to disturb their routine. Harry left the hut with his flock before daylight each morning, and did not return till the sun was setting. His companion worked away till nearly noon, and then packing up some damper and mutton, and taking his quart pot, followed on the track of the sheep, and Harry and Bill spent the rest of the day together. They had not forgotten their talk on the afternoon of the storm, and so passed their time prying about in all the crevices of the rocks looking for diamonds, or gold, or anything that might be of value. About a mile from the hut was a steep creek, the sides in most cases rising in preci- pitous rocks, while the stream between tumbled from shelf to shelf in a succession of small waterfalls at irregular intervals. At one spot the ravine opened out into a flat. On one side was a large dark pool, and in the { centre a shady gum. At this pool the sheep used to water, while they spent the hot hours of the summer's day under the shade of the tree. While the sheep were drawing into camp, and subsequently until they drew off in the evening, our friends employed themselves in the search. About a quarter of a mile above the camp, and within sight, was one of the falls, where the water fell over a ledge about eight feet in height, and above was a narrow flat of swampy ground about twenty yards in length. Then came another fall. At the foot of this fall the water had swept the alluvial deposit away and left the bedrock bare. The bedrock was of slate, with many crevices and holes. In these crevices Harry and Bill instituted a minute search, and one day were rewarded by find- ing a small lump of yellow metal about a quarter of an ounce in weight. Bill thought it brass, but Harry, who had at home once seen a parcel of Russian gold, declared it to be that metal. Of course, now their efforts were redoubled, and several small specks of gold were found, and these seemed to increase in number where the alluvial deposit again covered the bedrock. Their difficulties now commenced, for the ground was so full of water that it was impossible to continue their search under present conditions. After seriously considering the position, and after many plans had been adopted and failed, they at last determined to cut a good sized trench along the lowest part of the ground, from fall to fall, and turn the water of the creek into it. By this means they hoped to drain the flat, and thus be enabled to get at the tons of gold they expected to find. A pick and a spade that had been left when the hut was built were their only tools ; but their hearts were in the work, and so in a few weeks the drain was cut. A dam being formed at the uppermost waterfall, with an opening into the drain, our friends had the happiness, on the com- pletion of their work, to perceive it was successful. A few days were allowed for drainage, and as the weather proved very hot the flat rapidly dried. Then they set to work removing the sandy loam from the rock. This they threw on one side, reserving the scrapings of the bottom and the sand from the crevices to be washed in a bowl, after the Brazilian manner, Harry having found that method described in a book which he had read. During the time of their opera- tions they occasionally came upon little pockets or crevices in the rock that were quite full of gold. Their contents were put carefully on one side, and carried home each night, and after supper were carefully dried on a shovel over the fire, and then the sand was carefully blown away, leaving the pure metal behind. In a couple of months they had thus accumulated quite a store, and being anxious to learn the weight, manu- factured a scale out of two tinplates and a stick. For weights they managed in this fashion. Every six weeks they received for their rations sixteen pounds of sugar. This they divided, and found a stone equalling it in weight, and so by dividing again and following the same method they obtained a four-pound weight, and, by continually re- ducing, a complete Bet. People in the present times may laugh, but there are diggers yet alive who will remember the shifts they were put to in the early days of the diggings in Victoria, and it must be remembered that this was nearly ten years before there was much thought of gold in Australia. On weighing their gold they found that they had over twenty pounds in weight, and estimating this at the value of standard gold they became aware that they had nine hun- dred pounds worth of the precious metal. Bill was wild with delight, and had grand visions of the future. Harry was equally satisfied, though not so demonstrative. Besides, he had a secret sorrow that threw a cloud over all his joy. They continued to work away with the same average success for some months, and then their operations were suddenly stopped by a day's rain. This brought down a flood, and their workings were destroyed. For some days Harry fed his sheep in a different direction. One day he determined to go over to the workings and see whether there was a chance of any more gold. After looking round and finding there was no like- lihood of work for some time he turned to go to where he had left his sheep over the rise in the next gully. Looking down, how- ever, he was surprised to see the print of a foot on a heap of loam on the side of the gully. On looking at it closely he could see it was too small for a man. It must be either that of a woman or a child. It was not a native's he knew, for the foot that had left the mark was evidently clothed in some soft substance. Harry was puzzled. There was no one he knew living in the neighbourhood, or nearer than the home station. Who could it be ? He searched still farther, and wherever there was a patch of soft ground there was the footprint mounting higher and higher into the range. He followed up the track thus left until he came to where the rock was completely exposed, and the foot, if it had passed that way, had left no mark on the solid rock. After searching in vain for some further trace Harry had to give it up in despair. On returning to the hut he made no mention to Bill of the discovery. For several days he kept his sheep about in the same neighbourhood, while he hid himself among a clump of bushes in the hope of seeing the owner of the mysterious foot. His patience was at last rewarded. One afternoon, just as he was about leaving his hiding place, he heard the rattle of a dis- placed stone some distance up the ravine. He crouched low in the bushes and placed his hand upon his dog, who was sleeping beside him. Presently the cause of the noise emerged from behind a rock, and stood for a moment on the brink of the waterfall at the top of his workings. The form was that of a girl just springing into womanhood. She could not have been more than fifteen years of age. Her form was as straight as a dart, and her bare head was crowned with a glory of dark brown curls. She was dressed in a short skirt made of furs reaching just below the knee, her legs being bare, but her feet were covered with moccasins. Her finely-moulded arms were also bare, and she held in her hands a bow, while a sheaf made of skins and full of arrows was slung over her back, and she carried in one hand a wallaby that had evidently just been shot. Glancing up and down the ravine she turned her steps in the direction of the bushes where Harry was hiding. As she drew nearer he could see that her face was as beautiful as her figure, but there was a something about her looks that seemed familiar to him. Further scrutiny was denied him, for at that moment his dog, that he had forgotten, awoke suddenly, and seeing the strange figure com- menced barking violently. The girl turned and fled and with the lightness of a fawn, and would have soon distanced her pursuer, for Harry had started, but flurried apparently by the dog, who seemed to gain upon her, she attempted to cross the fall. Here making a false step she fell into the water and was whirled over the edge, and dropped with a sickening thud upon the rock below. 'Twas hut the work of a moment for Harry to reach the spot, plunge into the creek, and bear the apparently lifeless body to the bank. In vain he tried to recover her, she did nothing but moan, and so Harry again picked her up and bore her to his hut. All night she remained in an unconscious state, and so next day, which fortunately was ration day, Harry put her on to the bullock dray and carried her to the home station. There, under the motherly care of Mrs. Bratton, she was restored to life, but not to health. One leg was so severely bruised that it could not be put to the ground. This was, however, not the worst. Her head had suffered, and her brain was so far affected that all power of speech seemed gone. Harry went back to his hut, and matters went on in the old fashion. Occasionally Harry and Bill were enabled to add to their store of gold from their old workings, and the ghost was no more seen. So time rolled round, the winter passed away, and the time of the termination of their agreement was rapidly approaching. 