If Mr Greonhill's candidature for Caatlemaine Boroughs has no other result than to circulate money among 'certain portions of the electors, wo presume tho object of most of those who in duced him to contest the election will be gained. It is probable, however, that the party which seeks an alteration — or it would be more correct to say the subversion— of tho Education Act, has joined in porsuading him: to come forward: If ho should not havo tho ghost of a chance of success his appearance in tlio field will at least cause his competitors somo trouble and expense; and punish them for upholding the: measure iri its integrity. . Were ho a serious antagonist of such men as Mr Patterson and Mr Service- thei-e could- of course be no objection to his seeking to fill a vacancy caused by the retirement of Pror feasor Pearson. But tlio entrauce upon tho arena of an opponent who must be as well aware as his supporters that he lias no claim to be pitted against two .old and able; politicians; is -an act that should not bo countenanced' by the reflecting portiou of the constituency. ' As there never could have been any. doubt- about the re turn of tho lata senior member for Castlemaine; Mr Greonhill can be regarded as in ' the 'field only against Mr Service, and the absurdity of any,, comparison between the ; two latter gentle men is too. obvious to: need, pointing -out. But it may be well to remark 'that1 the encourage: tnent of dummy candidates for no practical puri pose but bleeding the pockets of bona ffide ones, must tend to deter the most suitable' per sons from offoring their services,to. the electors: Wo do not imagine for a moment that Mr Ser vice would ovor take exception to a foeman worthy of his steol, whatever he might urge against being forced into a sham contest. And it seonis to us a matter for regret that in the absence- of any- real antagonist, one of our foro/ most public men should not .have/been allowed to strip into the second ' aoat without /further trouble. Mr . Williams has had the discretion to retire front the fiold almost as soon as lie had thrown down the.guantlet, his courage, like that of Bob Acres, having I' oozed out" of liis firigor .ends 'When lie , realised the nature of the contest before him,:: Mr iQreenhill,: has twice contested the electorate arid failed to obtain its' coriGderice, arid without 'doubt the same fato awaits him rioiv if lio should go to: the poll. - By perseverance at a more' favourable moment; when there is rio ori'e with abettertitle to support, MrGreenhill might, as a local man be able to grasp tho coveted prize, for the most unfortunate aspirant to Parliamen tary ; honours who frequently appears- on the hustings is generally allowed '.in tlie ' end to try. his prentice hand at law-making. 'But' when po litical veterans present, themselves before the electors, who have never disgraced .themselves by! misconduct, arid who could find half-a>dozen| constituencies ready to send tlieiri to the legisla-j trire, there should be no hesitation about giving; them the preference.. The sole exception to the, rule in this colony is Brighton,' which has been a, byeword ever since Sir John O'Shannassy by the: Catholic voto defeated, perhaps, the' ablest and! most high principled of Victorian statesmen, j and replaced him byan unscrupulous arid 'vulgar! intriguer, who was likely to bo more aubaerviont! to- the designs .of tho member for Belfast. The tissue of the match: between the 'English! Eleven and the' Australians at Sydney, is awaited: with-raore interest than any of the preceding ones because the result will- virtually decide, for the present at least, whether- the 'batters' and! bowlers of the mother country are entitled .io tho! championship, : or- whether the i cricketers j of. tliis part of tho world Ji'are ' ontitled to! equality with tkosri ;of Groat; Britain. . , As the first game- between the .representativesfof; Aus tralia and the land of their ancestors rinded in! favour. of the former, and the two ; following' matches were won by the native players, this1 trial of skill will either placo tho competi tors on-a. level ,or" remove all doubt as.to tli'e su-; perior skill of our visitors. .Under those oircum-i stances it is easy to understand tlie anxiety of: those who ,are. playjng tor , the honour . of the : colonies to acquit themselves as successfully as: the public hope.. The prospects of the respec-i tivo teams are now the absorbing /topic/ in Syd-' ney, and were we not in the throes of n-struggle of a more serious character would /bo thomrioj subjeot of: conversation- iri Victoria. /Both! elevens 'have been practising every day dili gently, and are1 said tu be - in fine form: ' Tho ground also appears in an admirable condition ; for the important; event,., arid should Atherejnot| be any adverse change iri -the- weather wo- may : anticipate one of the grandest displays of cricket; over witnessed iu either hemisphere. Tho Aus- i tralians cannot tarn the. ecales in our favour by i winning tho match, but if they should provo! victorious' tliby will/'at least. loavo th'e ' result of future bontests doubtful.1' And1 we shall have solid reason to be proud that less than three millions of British descent in the Soiitliorri world havo proved their, ability ;to hold their ground in a triiil of dokterity, and cndurarico. with tho champions of ten times .their numbor of; the Banio stock in Europe. At. present the odde in Now South Wales; are slightly on tho side of the English team,' but good: judges toll us this differ ence is not warranted by facts. It is impossible i for any one not gifted with the power of seeing! ' into the future to foretell- the side which will j :. conquer, though without ahy prejudice against the team of the -Hon. Ivo Bligli, wb must'hopo! : they-1 will bo beaten. Whatever may happen' wo trust tho local men will not "funk" if tho tide should turn against them at the outset, but play as bravely and steadily under adverse cir- icumstnricbs, ns if thbjr woro sure of conquering". By such means a lolling ghmojs often turned into a winning ono. Tbo Englishmen have boon vory . successful in tho first innings, having scored 263 runs for the loss of nine wickets. 