Bh S. C. Three generations ago, in the old town of Malden, Mass, only a few miles out from Boston, lived an old man named Adam Greene, who had for many years suffered with a palsied 'affection of the legs, which utterly prevental him from walking, or from standing without help. lie caused a chair to be made, set on wheels, in which he could move himself about the house; pod in pleasant weather he could manage to navi gate it out of doors on smooth ground. He was the possessor of an ample fortune, so heo took life as easily as it could have possibly been taken under such circumstances. In his employ was a faithful old negro, large of frame, and strong of limb, named Simon,;wlhoe chief duty it was to attend upon his master, andito carry him in his arnm when it became necessary.that lhe should go where he could not roll, his chair. Also, when the invalid wished to visit distant parts of his farm, old Simon would take him in his arms. or upon' lie backl, and transport him to iand from the given points. 'Over back of the Greene !Place, as the estate Inquestioni was called, lived a family with whom.our aged invalid ,was very nti-. mate, the head of the family-a Mr. Edmon. to--.behtig worse Eff.thanuhe was, thq lower half of his body being utterly paralysed. Greene' was in the habit of visiting Mr. Edomontou.quite often during the pleasant months:; the visits giving himself pleasure, as well as yielding a vast amount of comfort to the poor paralytic. From' Mr. Greene's house to the house of E'dmonton, in a direct line, the distance was not over 'three-quarters of a mile-it being across a part of thifarm of the flrst.amedl then through the old public buryingiground -and tbae through a field of Edmonton's, to Ills house. '' By. the travelled road--a portion of the highlway and a'tilidiung byway-the distance was five miles. Of course, Mr. Greene usually took the latter way, because Ihis carriage could coemfortably bear him to 'nel fro. One day it so lhapposed that Mr. Greene wished to'visit his old friend when the horses must all he in use, the last: part of the day, in getting up a large quantity of alt hay from a distant Mystic Diver marsh. But the good man was not to be chested out of his visit, the carriage should take him around, after dinner, and old, Simon should come over, after an early tea, and carry him home on hishback. So, after dinner, the groom hitched up, and carried the master over to 'Mr. Edmonton's, and there left him for Simon to take when he should be ready. * Whether old Greene had o forgotten the graveoalrd, or whether he had 'planned that they would make a 'circuit'arond it, we caenn not 'say. lie was 'a slpCertitious man; timid as a child ; and as afraid of strange noises at night as a sensitive woman might ba. And Simon, if either way, was worse thian eo'was. Ilowever, if Edionton had an early ten, they would got hoisns before dark. Close; by the Greeneo cstaten was the old 'parsonage, wherel livedl l'arson Wiggles. worth, of eniicent. famno oild roeoevn. The parson employed upon his place, for a farm. handl, a youang New Hnampshire lad, named Cise. I Now, it.hlad happenedal that Chase hal bheen at Mr. Grone's thatnoon when the old man was driven away, and he heard how tlhe retulrn home was to be accomplished. Straighltway 'a wicked thought occurred tou Tom Chase. As tile day waned he gathered it large wiylte sheet from his bled into a com pact. indle, and with it wended his way to wairds the old burying-ground ' ' The old Iurylug.gromud in 'tose long. gone years was a romantie spot, yet 'dismal. A iliese woed'fl ankel it one one hjind; then a lo; salt marsh oundled another side i tihe b.k b ide was against a wild. hill of the Greene estate ; while the only remainitngside waus open, by a g'6t',ti a'stone wall, to the land of Mr..Edmuonton, and to the narrow roNl by way of which tlsegrouud was reached from the settlemesti " . hlememierin g the,. .we shall e that Simon must neels, pass through a portion of this old city of thoi dead in onler to' rach his home, nless, fdecal? ?o clime the tlve-mnle walk. lint this latters h could not lo., " "la I"' hle said to hitnself, i who's afear'dI 'Taint dis yeror chile, nollow I No, sir I Not ole Simon I. Yah I yah Il-Golly I'l'd like ter see um show darss elves'tero me I Whewo I I'd made a scatterin'.ob dar ol' holller-eyes an' dar ole rattle-bones I"' And:he. smote him. self on Iis swart breast and looked hroeio: The sun had set nald the' tsilight ishu?es were gatheringovgr the landscape,,whsin "ir. Greene was ready to start on',hit returel ihome ; but, if they nmade haste, they nmight strike the open field beyond the longoniv of sunken tomrs before the utter' darkness soshuld have shut in. Once, after he had been broughlt'to the doortone and had seen 1how gloomy it was, Mr. Greene suggested the Idea of taking the road ; but Simon would not listen. lie was not so strong as he once was, and he did noet think lie could endure it. " 'Then let us hurry," said the old man. "I ain't afraid of goin' through'the old huryin'-ground s but it's a 'tarnal pokerish p'ace, anyhow alnd the old gravestones are so thick and so hidden in the rank grass, that I'm fearful Simon may trip and fall. Ohl I wouldnl't want to fall--there I" O'so of the Edmonton boys helped to put Mr. Greene upo thie ohl sepro's back, and then off they weit. They Ihal gone but a slsirt dlistance when dsark clouds began to seise fies tilUe Iosnso of the disisuat Olystle, ssand tle face fit tihe Iheavens was mllstly nh scurol. Greeeasuggestredl that they sbohlsd rctlrn and get one of the Ilys to go with them, with a Inetere; it SIlnemon vetoed the Iiotliou instanter, lie couldn't stand it no how " I'soe got far eoughl to walk, wid you os nly back, now, widout gwle bauk dliar arter a light."' The old darkey pushed sturdily oye, and very s?uo eeitered thie grave.yard, by tile eateway. IThlence, for a colslslerabtio dis tlance, hiis foot fulndl a good carriego-rood I lut by-unld-hy lie was forced to tlrn nslide frinl tllat, llid strike over the old graves, towarsls it stile to the stoneswall sepsratlng tite ground of burial from the ltnd of Mr Greene, phould fallI" :;:. 'tHlo! Jes' you be eany, mars'r. I -won't fall, Ugh I" "What is It, Simon ? What did you say Ugh at?" " At dem ole tombs, mara'r I Ugh i don't dey look grum ?" A long row of old tombs, half buried in the earth-their time worn and battered faces of red brick; with their black wooden doors, looking for all the world like a row of ghostly houses, sunken in the side hill for the elfs and ghouls to live in ! But Simon shut his teeth and held his breath, and pushed on. lie had not reached the end of the end of the row of tombs ; before him was a thicket of dark grave stones, when old graves were thick, and the stones leaning in every direction-this before him-and beyond was the wall and the stile. lie lookedl, nol calculated ; tnok another long breath, ohut his teeth anew, and lthrk ! Whet was thnt ? A dismal, hor rible rroan, as of a soul in torment ! Another-and another gronts! O.s ! hi.w dreadful. It seemed to come from the nearest tomb. Simon loike I. 'i Ot I yal ! yah ! Mercy ! mercy!" A ghost ! white anot awful I of eigantlc proportions- arising from the tomb I Rimon saw anod old Greene saw. And OGeene clung to his bearer for dear life. But the negro could tnt endure it. With one mighty effort he cast the living burden from his back, and fled upon tie wiogs of mortal terror I The ghost advanced straight towards Adam Greene. Slowly- solemnly-awfully -and with groans of anguish that were plereling I Presently Adam Greene sat erect. One wild, sharp, frenzied cry burst from his lips; then he leaped to his feet at a single boundo -and ran an he ran when a boy-ran so swiftly that he overtook the negro, and reached home before him, where he sank down exhausted; and so remained until the physician came. From old Simon Dr. Buck obtaIned the whole story. .Of course, the ghost part of the business was simple to him. He put Greene to bed, and came again early in the motuing, when he found the patient awak ing as from a dream. But his first more was to get the old man out of bed and upon his feet. "Come-comd I Stand up I stand up I There I .Now, jump I Jump, I say ; Jump I" And he did jump ;'and from that day un til thel day of his death he could walk as well as ever. Whatever had been the mat ter with the nerves and muscles of the lower limbs, that fright in the old burial. ground, and the involunltary effort that followed, had entirely removed it. Ere long after his remarkable cure Mr. Greene discovered who it was that had per. sonated the ghost on that memornhle ocuo slos ; and lie not only forgave him, but, probably, nlnste hhu to be llt first on record to receive at reward for a trick so abomiinable. New York Ledger. 