tuhf topics and anticipations. "Rv Aflirnnrno Visitors to Flemiiietoa this afternoon will havo an opportunity o£ seeing how rapidly tho vast improvements lately initiated aro progressing towards completion. On Thursday, tho socre. tory, Mr. Byron Moore, with several members of committoo und others, paid a visit of inspoction, and thoao present expressed the utmost satisfac tion at tho wonderful progress made. Tho Hill has bcon raised 20 feet, and, notwithstanding tho short timo that has elapsed tinco tho work was commenced, is covered with a thick, luxuriant award. Boats numbered from 1 to 40 havo been erected to mark the permanent stands of the bookmakers who ply their business on this favorito public resort, and nono but those who havo bcon licensed by tbo club will bo allowed to bet. This is a decided boon to the public, who aro thus afforded aguarantco of tho respect ability of tho custodians of their coin, tho com- mittco having been careful to a degree in issuing licences only to men of good charactor, and in several cases refusing to accept tho applications of persons whose antccedonts wero considered a littlo "off color." Tho now stand is assuming substantial and extensivo proportiono already, and thoro is no doubt that by Cup day the wholo of tho work now in progress under tho suporintcndenco of the contractor, Mr. J. Moore, will havo bcon completed, making tho Fleming- ton course the best appointed racing ground to be found in any part of tho globe. I note that, according to tho annual balance sheet, which has just been published, tho Grand National Meeting of 1882 rcsnlted in a loss of £312 Ids. Id., but judging from tho public interest which is being shown in to-day's meeting, I havo no doubt that when tho next statement is published a very much moro satisfactory result will bo disclosed. The last Champion Meeting entailed a small loss, and the autumn gathering a heavy ono ; but these threo reverses aro compensated for by tho magnificent credit balance of £9517 9s. net profit from tho last Spring Meeting. In discussing tho prospects of tho Mclbourno Cup candidates I last week got down tho list to Nicholas, who completed tho first or heavy weight division ; and to-day I purpose having a look at that particularly dangerous lot, tho middle weights, to whom Mr. Barnard has awarded weights ranging from 7 st. 13 lb. to Tat. Jfr. Donald Wallaco's horao Chuckster heads tho list, but as this son of Infidel and Littlo Nell has no record which impresses mo favorably with his chanco in the big handicap, I must pass him, notwith standing his Oakloigh Handicap, Hobart and Wagga victories. At a pound less Mr.. Branch's colt, Off Color, is ono of my spocial favorites, not that ho is one of thoso who have been fortunate in creeping into the good graces of tho handicappor, for, on the con trary, 7 st. 12 lb. is a raro lump of woight for a thrco-year-old to carry in such a race, but I can not overlook tho consistent two-year-old running of this wear and tear cUBtomor, who after play- ing second fiddle several times to Archio and Warwick, showed in the autumn at itandwick how ho had improvod by getting homo first in tho First Foal Stakes over six furlongs in 1 min. 16J sec. with -8 at. 10 lb, up, dofeating Warwick (who was giving him half a stono, how ever), Abcrfoyle and others. No two-year, old of last season impressed mo as being moro cortain to develop into a gem of tho first water, and 1 shall ho grievously disappointed if, during tho ensuing season, this colt does not em phatically beliohis name; indeed thero aro far moro unlikely things than that this clover son of King Colo may ropeat tho doublo Derby and Cup victories scored in tho past by Briscis, Chester and Grand Flaneur. Tollio'o Australian Cup victory was a good per formance, although achiovod undor a ridiculously light weight for a fivo-ycar-old, and his subsequent running in tho S.A. J.C. Handicap proved that ho couid carry, tho weight now awarded him ; last season, however, ho was debitod with a succession of failures, and notwithstanding his being fairly treated at 7 st. 12 lb, I cannct includo him in my list of likely ones. Waterloo is in moro than ono rospect a horso of anothor color. As a thrco-year-old ho fairly swopt tho board in his nativo colony Queensland, and tho following year saw him quito out of form in Victoria. Last season ho was indulged with a spell, and now atsix years ho is handicapped at 7 st. 11 lb., a woight which should prove no impe diment to this full brother to Wheatear carrying Mr. Wallaco's popular Falmouth colors into a prominent position. Goldfinder is a four-yoar-old by Newbold— Fair Ellon, also hailing from Queensland, with oxcollcnt credentials, having started for six races, und won thorn all. This is a rocord which speaks for itsolf, and will certainly sccuro to its pos sessor a considerable amount of rcspoct should ho put in an appearance at Flomington in Novem- bor. Zulu won tho Cup in 1881 with 5 st. 10 lb., but I can't stand horses whoso understandings render b"ir nrnpnrntinn a matter of nursing, and thoro fore, whilst allowing that tho sensational littlo black has provod himsolf tho best of Barbarian's progeny, I must puss him over ; nor do I caro for the South Australian mare Footstep at tho same woight. Dirk Hatteraick is now first favorito, a position to which ho is justly ontitlod, for although tho young Smuggler has had a fow soft things amongst tho numerous rccont victories which havo mado his namoso prominont, his defeats at various times of such fliers as BisBis, Transferred and Royal Irishman at their favorito distances are not to bo gainsaid ; and whntovcrmay be Dirk's ultimato position in tho raco, certain it is that wo havo yet to discover what ho cannot do. Sinco his maiden win at Onkaparinga this colt has novor boon beaten, having won eight succcs. sivo races under weights varying from (i st. 12 lb. to 8 st. 10 lb.; his present position in tho betting markot is thereforo undeniably warranted. 1 hardly think Anglcsoy good onough for tho company which must meet to contest such a race as this, and Coriolanus is too great a fraud to carry confidence. Ever sinco his Champion victory this horso has hoou going to do a big thing, but it novor comes off. Invariably well treated by handicappcrs, ha has had somo raro chances, but on being tried has been found sadly wanting, Aborfoylo, by Maribyrnong— Alpaca, is a colt who last season always managed to get home amongst the first three, but I fancy that at 7 st. 9 lb. Mr, Whito's colt has roccivcd a little moro than ho has earned, and as a thrco-year-old ho is badly treated in comparison with animals like Dirk Hatteraick, Off Color and Warwick. JesBie, by Kolpio— Parachute, has a splendid early record, and amongst others tho mighty Navigator had twice to admit her superiority as a two-year-old ; in tho spring and autumn of the past season she was all to pieces apparently, and her consequent failures appear to have been more noticed by Mr. Barnard than her previous bril liancy. Last year, as a thrce- year.oid, sho was handicapped for tho Cup at 7 st, U lb. ; and now, at tho raised standard, and with another year in hor favor, she is put up bat 3 lb., and reads be yond, doubt as ono of tho very best things in tho handicap. Prometheus, by Tubal Cain— Lurlino, baa been persistently quoted as Darcbin's equal, whilst not a fow havo pronounced him tho finest thoroughbred in Australia, However much jus tified may havo been these opinions, Prometheus, it must bo admitted, has been a failure so far. I am, however, ono of those whose respect for him is great ; as a two-year-old ho argued his own caso by winning four races out of fire, but last season ho claimed but ono victory— in tho Windsor Handicap at Caulficld. That he has been frequently on tho sick list is well known, and I am sure that this lino colt has never been seen in public at his best. In Adelaide, when ho went down beforo Royal Irishman, he was suffer ing from a bad back ; but with tho time at his' disposal Mr. Crooke will probably be onabled to strip him in tho Spring in his true form, in which case he will undoubtedly be one of the most dangerous horses in tho Cup race. Mr. Do Mcstrc's colt Iko, by Piscator— Lady, will bo rcmombercd in connection with tbo last New Year's Day .meeting, when he won tho Cri- tcrion Stakes, and he, like Aberfoylc, has a littlo. more than his performances havo entitled him to. Kiugsdalo is a son of Maribyrnong for whom I have a decided weakness, notwithstanding ho fell off in tho autumn to form which was far below that shown in tho spring. At tho last Cap: meeting he ran second to Narina for the Maribyr nong Plato, and won the Flying Stakes, beating such undoniablo sprinters as Larpcnt and St. Lawrence. Ho subsequently won tho Shorts at Hawkesbury, which was his only victory in the summer or autumn, but at 7 st. 81b. his chanco for the big handicap cannot bo despised. Tho Vagabond got third to Chester and Savanaka in 1879, but I never expect to sco him repeat tho trick ; and Lord Lisgar's performances aro by no means of a sensational nature, albeit such a well bred ono is leniently troated at 7 st. 81b. Glencoc, by Tho Drummer — Gamos, has run consistently in Queensland, but has yet to win his Bpurs in good company ; and Yatcly, though aged, is a maiden of whom I know nothing. Ericthonous has enjoyed in private the reputa tion of boing a clinker, but although he got second to Bossanio in tho Bookmakers' Purse he is not my idea of a Melbourno Cup winner. St. Lawrence ran with varying success last year, bnt is not a colt that impresses mo with tho idea of a Btoyer, and several of tho threo-year-old division should, I fancy, held him pretty safe. Country Squire, Coup d' Etat and Albury aro maidens who havo each a good chanco afforded of effecting a coup, the handicappor having let all throo off easily. Normanby is tho horso that ran a dead heat with Ascot for tho Dubbo Jockey Club Handicap and got third to Sardonyx in tho Birthday Cup at Randwick on tho 24th of May. As a four-yoar- old 7 st. 5 lb. should not provo too great a burden for him, but at tho same weight I much prefer tho next on tho list. Everybody, I suppose, remembers tho sensa tional support awarded to k'anta Claus when tbrco yours old for tho Caulficld Guineas, Cup, Victoria Derby and Mclbourno Cup on tho strength of reported trials at Caulficld, which wero said to havo knocked all previous records nto tho traditional cockod hat. Ho did not, howovor, gain a situation in either tho Guineas or Cauifiold Cup, and tho stablo wero supposed to have sadly blundcrod. The V.R.O. spring meeting, howovcr, Bhowed that this was a mis take, for Santa Claus ran socond to Darobin in tho Derby in 2 min. 41J sec, His first and only win was in tho Trial Stakes at Goelong, sinco when ho has performed badly. His running in tho Derby, however, shows clearly that his ro- ported wondorful doings on tho training ground wero not mythical, whiUt it must also bo allowed tkntngrcator roguo novcr woro a saddlo. Whether Mr. Dakin can ovcrcomo what appoar to bo con stitutional infirmities of temper remains to bo seen ; but although I would not place implicit confidence in Buch an in- and-out customer as Santa Claus I am convinced that his : ,-iblc chanco, providod all goes well during h ; pre paration, must bo a good ouo. CaractacuB is by Grandmaster, the drc o in mil - Susaox and Sting, and having run well as a two and threo year old cannot complain of 7 st. 5 lb. Aido-de-Camp failed to distinguish himself at Cauifiold or Flemington, but won tho Wagga Dorby in 2 min. 474 scc. 1 his other credentials arc that ho is by English Tim Whifller, and owned by that excellent sportsman Mr. H. J. Bowlor. Copra, being full sister to Navigator, would command attention cvon had she nought but this relationship on which to rest her claim, but her victory in the Socond Autumn Nursery Handicap at Flemington demonstrated her possession of tho family galloping capacity, and despite disparaging allusions having been mado to hor sizo it would not at all astonish mo to bco Copra successfully emulate tho deeds of her illustrious brother. Martini-Honry is tho Muskot colt for whom Mr. Whito paid 1200 guineas us a yoarling, but as ho has not yet performed in public no lino can bo got as to his ability to justify his owner's judg ment, but on tho scoro of breeding he should bo good enough to win any raco in tho world. Malua, better known by his formor name Bagot, is a full brother to Stoekwoll, being by St. Albans— Edolla. As a three-year-old ho won tho Yan Yean Stakes at Flomington, and hoing a horao susceptiblo to very great improvement 'I am satisfied that Mr. Iuglis must have, with him, a chanco of landing the all-important event, which would bo tho height of- this popular young - owner's ambition, ho doubt. ' Grosvenor, who ran unsuccessfully as a two- ycar-old in Now South Wales, did not perform last Bcason in public, and therefore all that can ho said of him is, that a full brother to.Chestcr at four yoars old ought to run in tho front rank with 7 st. 4 lb., or bo shot for disgracing the family reputation. Achilles, Lord Mandcvillo, tho Mandragora colt and Nepoan aro- all strangers to tho pnblio racecourse at present, and Peveril ran -.nowhere last season in on. Amateur Race at Ararat Mr. Branch's colt Taurus is also a non-per former, but his breeding (Maribyrnong — Habena) entitles him to more than ordinary notice, for it should surely bo from such a combination that- real clinkers would spring. Iccnfess to a fond regard for Middlcmarch, ; whoso purchaser has leased him to Mr. H. Alfred, and at 7 st. 4 lb, this'son of Maribyrnong and im- ported Housemaid inuBt be viewed as one- of tho 1 most dangoroua of tho throo-yoar-old division.. - Wizard is outclassed, and considering King of ' tho Vale's conduct on various occasions when he has been going to do wonders I am compelled to think that the remark applio3 also to him. . Duonna and Delusion are two Smart fillies' who ' arc very properly placed at oven, weights; Iron' Hand is a four-jfoar-old maiden gelding who has not yot made his bow to the starter, and Claptrap- - I don't care for. , Waxlight is another candidate from tho Terrors stable (which promises to bo very formidable in the ensuing spring campaign), and it will be re membered that ho won- the Hopeful Stakes at the lost V.R.C. autumn meoting. 1 Kathleen, late Lady Jorvois, showed tbo pos- : session of great pace by running third to Nanha in the Maribyrnong Plato, and afterwards win-' ' ningtho Kensington'Stakcs, in which she defeated ' Halifax and Off Color. ' .Mo'rccau is a rare eood filly who has, generally finished near tho ffont, and' at Tattersall's annual /meeting beat Aberfoyle and Kiugsdalo' in the- Mares';Ffoduco Stakes, .and in the autumn won' the Nursery Handicap at Randwick, beating Iko, - Aberfoylo and others. ' ' Lower, down tho, list. Recovery, a fivc-yoar-old' by The Dfnmm'er, and a good performer, is thrown in at 7 st. 2 lb.;: and Essox,. though his; eret(cn;; ' tints are. faulty, is fairly woighted ataponnd'lbss; Tho Tdsmanian colt' Prodigal has ptfrformed so well across the straits , that at 7 st. 1 lb. ho reads far better than Signor, who failed to' secure a winning brocket during his- two-year-old career ' in this colony. Doucaster hasiio cause.for complaint at 7 st., but I have no faith in this gentleman of doubtful' parentage after his recont running. Gloucester, a full brother to Goldsbrougb, nnd five years old, looks well on paper at 7 st., but during tho last two seasons his performances havo been below mediocrity, pointing to tho belief that ho is not in tho same class as his celebrated brother of Metropolitan famo ; and of tho others in tho 7 st. list Lo Beau pleases mo tho most. This strapping son of Lecturer always impressed me as beinglikelytodevelop wonderfully asa three-year- old, and although he hns no important record up to date, I am quito prepared to hear of his doing a big thing during tho ensuing season. This brings mo to tho ond of tho middle woight division, and Imustleavo tho under 7 st. lot until next weok, expressing the opinion that of thoso reviewed in this chapter Off Color, Waterloo, Dintc Hatteraick, Jessie, Santa Clacs, CorRA audjLB Beau appear to bo the most worthy of confidence. This nfternoon tho ever welcomo Winter Steoplochoso meeting takes plnco at Flemington, and, all tho surrounding circumstances boing considered, will probably bo carried to a most successful issue. Splendid entries woro mado for each of tho six ovonts, and up to tho present timo tho scratchings havo bcon so fow that tho hearts of the motallicians havo been delighted. It yot remains to bo seen, howovor, what effect upon that unfortunate body, tho public backers, theso long lists will have. In the abacnco of any necessity for accoptanco it i3 oi course unneces sary to withdraw horses who may nevertheless havo no show of going to tho post, and thus it is that tho imposing lists of entries may but imper fectly roprcsont tho oveutual fields. Notwith standing this handicap it becomes my duty to run through to-day's programme, and from amongst tho numerous candidates endeavor to pick out thoso who aro most worthy of support. Aslobservod last weok,, hut littlo light has been thrown upon tho probabilities by tho work lately dono at Flomington, mo3t, and in fact nearly all, tho favorites for tho big ovents hoing located in tho country. First upon tho card is tho Maidon Hurdlo Raco, which was won Inst year by Don Quixote., Tho recollection of this fact, by tho way, should oncourago tho owners and supportors of metropolitan horses who fear Ontario, for on that occasion tho Ballarat horso Sportsman was a most docidod favorite, but Batty cleverly boat his celebrated rival, Corrigan, with Mr. Wallaco's gelding. Britisher still remains in tho list, but I hardly expect him to put in nn appoar. anco. Ontario, it is understood, wiU rcpresen-, Ballarat, although ho has been -booked heavily! for the Grand National Hurdlo Race ' Prospect is at present such a rod hot' favorito for tho moro important event that his presenco in tho maidon struggle is not to ho expected. Matador I know to ha a gooil ono, and Tho Joker has, I believe, answered all Mr. Sam Cook's questions satisfactorily. From tho trio Matador, Ontario nnd The Joker I havd littlo donbt tho winner will como, and, t- -is wing j how well he ha3 run on tho flat - under i. -vclteiy weight, and boing also aware that ho is tioc ivcrso, to facing tho small sticks, I shall pin-mv Faith td? THE JOKER,' . 'I Tho Maidon Steeplechase ins been i > som® extent shorn of its fair proportions through- thJ necessitated retirement of General Jackson mnd Black Jacket, whoso Cauifiold victories-deprived! ' them of tho honors of maidenhood 'acfii-dlifg to-' the revised rnlcs, which stipulate tin. , a borsqr running for a maiden raco must ho n imj-leii «M tho time of starting as woH as at the time oft entry. Lothair, who in somo quarters waqi booked a certainty for this raco, has'beon 'wittiS drawn, markot operations clearly denoting ' that! ho is going for tho Grand' Nation.. 1' Mrdlaj Raco. In tbo absence, therefore, of Geitarar Jackson, Black Jacket and Lothair, I ata-inelined: topin my faith to tho strapping gel ling men-? tioned by mo last weok as being in/Mr; Glasscock's care. Having soon him jump I am satisfied'-tliafc' the timber will not stop him, and therefore select HOPE. The Grand National Hurdlo Raco is inJcol a nice band for a man to play, bristling as it v j-:s ' with such an array of talent.- Despite the largo entry and the quality of its composition, 'however, backors of Prospect assnmo'fhafcffi -is all over bub 'weighing, and thoso whoonghttoknow.deolsrothat the favorito can't Ioso. His party, it must, be ad mitted, make few mistakes, and hi3 nice mid Hi wcight can offer no obstacle to their doairc, hut I .cannot shut my eyc3 to tho well proven merit ai, somo of his opponents, foremost 'amongst trlionf stands that sterling racchoisc Lotiiair. : Granting that 12 st. 9 lb. is a crusher, it-us U3t stiU be re membered that a horse of his quality is not often, found in tho -company of hurdle racers; I act therefore quite prepared to see ' , LOTHAIR ' win, and followed homo by Piospect. ' The Grand National Steeplechase will certainly bo contested by a rare good field, but at the tima of writingso much uncertainty surrounds at least- half a dozen of those entered that I approach tha/ task of making a straigbt out selectibh with mora 1 than ordinary' trepidation! Simpliton- was' amongst the numerous scratching - recorded dnring tho week ; and Enchriyfor whom" I enter.! tained a great fancy, has also been with.! drawn; ' Australian Court (lite- Stag) has praJ bably received more support than ' has ever been awarded a Grand National horse in this country before, and the slightest attempt 'to weaken liis extraordinarily "firm posi tion is met by instant acceptance of anything over 100 to 30. Thero can bo no donbt that' this horse, wbo-is reported as fitas hands could make him, must havo a groat show, as the handicapper has turned him loose. Yaultor can .jump like a door, but showed ' at Cauifiold that when tho pinch' comes ho lacks tho . pace necessary to successfully negotiate tho straight run-homo, albeit tho bigchestanl is such a spied did foh'ccr that ho must not ba dospised. ; and Sailor is another for whom I havo a liigh'regardj Clifysalis is a good, consistent maro, whoso pre. /dilectidii, however, for running second or third' hnsbccomo a proverb; and, gooff as Black Jacket has proved himself to bo, I '" think there ora; two or three that aro capable of collaring him at.' tho last, turn, as Vaulterdid on.thb Qopea'sf Birthday. Lizctta is undoubtedly ono of tha' ' cleverest mores that I havo over Been over fences), and tho way sho made up lost ground' at' YTarrv nambool was a Bight worth witnessing., ! My final selection, howovor, is SAILOR, uoxt to whom I like Lizetto and AditraliaBf Court. ..-ji The Selling Hurdlo Race, like: all similar/ ovents, is a riddle, and will dopond entirely upon; circumstances. At present, my pick of tho lot Is-' MOSIDORA, after whom I pin my faith to HyUas and Storm bird, ! Tho Flat Raco has ahont 30 still loft in, but B- snpposo tho field will consist of not more that) a scoro. My choico shall bo CONTESSINA, with Tho Ghost second. Owing to tho numerous scratching.! off .ThUcs > day, tho abovo selections have nocossarily beeifl altered to somo extent sinco the country oditiaiT of The Leader wont to press. Last week, through a typographic! error, it was mcntionod in those columns that tho com mittec of tho V.A.T.O. wore considering the ad« visability of increasing the Groat Foal Stakes and Caulfield Guineas of 1883 to 300 guineas each. I need hardly say that the year 1834 was meant. Tho first payment of 3 sovs. for tho Hawkos-1 bury Handicap must bo made on' Tuesday next, tho 2-lth inst. Mr. R. K. Maitland returned to India on Taos' day by tho mail Bteamor, and his friends will cortainiy wish him bettor luck than attondod his efforts to bring Coriolanns back to his Champion form. From Sydney I hoar that oariy morning work: at Randwick is in full swing, and that amongst tha cracks Cunnamulla and Stockdalo aro giving special satisfaction to tkoir frionds and anxious watchors. Morpoth is «t.ill at tho head of affaire for the Hawkesbury Handicap, Forest King;' First Demon, Hypatia and Caractacus Ming alsa. well supported. Cunnamulla is first favorite foe' tho Metropolitan, at 15 to 1 offered, On Tuesday Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and sold tho gates and booths for tho Grand National! mooting at Flomington to-day, with tho following! results : — No. 2 booth, on ibo Hili, G. D. Strekotvj £25 ; No. 4 booth, Thorno, £22 ; No. G booth," Griffin, £15; No. 0 booth, Fluckcr, £7. Tha' gates woro purchased by Mau and Samuels fot' £38, and tho outor caniago paddock by Samuels . for £2 10s, , Tramp Yoss has ovidontly rotainod soma e£ th£ pace which enabled him to win tho Hawkosburj? .. .Handicap rind afterwards run fifth for the Mel- v, ;bourno Cnp, as I.seo that on'Tuosday ho carried off tho Port Augusta Cup in South Australia ; \- \ .Wallaroo won tho Flying Stakos, and Freedom v,i,he Hurdle Bace. On the second day Brigand won , . jtho Flinders Handicap, beating Trump Yoss, on f. , . . whom.oddp of 2 to 1 wore laid on account of his jrictory qi. tho previous day. Encountor won tho HurdlpRaco, Rustic.Boy jtho Maiden Plato, knd Vampire tho Steeplechase. . . . Sling and Mistaken have bcon withdrawn from lie Melbourne Cuji. i. g At a meeting of the Tastpagjau Racing Club '.I. fScontfy held it 'wits decided to. incrcaso tho Wop in tbp.Sobart Cup frhm ? to 10 sovs. ; ; ,! tho Dcrwent Rlqto from.S qovs. to 5 sovs., and m jtho Tasmanian Moing Olub Handicap, formerly , . known as/tho Alosandra Plato, also ffom 3 to 5 I kove., bpt, I am sorry to no Jo that no inoroaso in fho added money was dccidod upon, Tho Tas- i jthahian meetings jr rule arc not pclcbrdtod for jargo fields; and I afa afjaid that tjiiB ajoy is not likely to inqreaso web. 3?hoto ia evidently a . screw looso In tho sporting bpirlt of S3rppigt\\! . jhors across tho .water, as tho scOrptpry ipformcd 'his committee that ho had pent circulars to a , hunker of gentlemen reminding tliotn of over- , Hue subscriptions, but in many cases had mot yvith no response. ,;..y From tho Tamaniftn Mail I learn that au in- ' fluential mooting of the membcrsof the Midland , Moekey Club was held at Oatlands on Saturday Jast, to talio into consideration tho disqualifica tion of Mr. C. S. Agnow by tho Tnsmaui.au Turf Club. Tho meeting was presided over by Mr. A. yT. Pillinger, M.ff.A. As in tho case by Ibo : JP. J.C., discussion, on the subject was studiously . avoided, and tho. following resolution waj pro posed, by Mr. Pago : — "In view of tho fact that . this oluhipns under the rulos of tho Tasmunian t Jockey Club, I bog to move that the disqualifies- tiou of Mr. C. S.-,Agneiv by tho T.T.O. ho hot endorsed." This was seconded by Mr. Fitz- gcralj, and carriod unanimously. Mr. Agncw . . .was not prosnt at tho meeting, n T Tho accident in tho Port Augusta Steeplechase i unfortunately turned out to bo more terrible than \wns slated in tho first telegram on Wodnosday flight, and to which brief allusion was niado in the country edition of The Leader. Tho Hawk ' was not killed, bat so sovorely injured that a five pound noto was accepted for him. Tho catas. troplio, however, invoked the Jo33 of a far more valuable life— that of his unfortunato ridor, ; v M'Sorley, whoso injuries were so scvoro that he died immediately after being carried into tho „ enclosure. By telegram I learn that over £100 has already been subscribed for M'Sorloy's mother, v. and this amount will no doubt bo Iargoly increasod ,. in Melbourne, whore tho bookmakers, to their , credit be it said, are always foremost in thoso .i matters. Poll Mcll, whoso reappearance in public is ...,t anticipated with considerable interest, is doing > kwcll on tho training ground at Itandwick, a tolo. '. Ingram on Thursday night staling that in a gallop >' y., twice round the track he had beaten Cunuamulla .,.;£jand Stockdalo. No idea is, liowovor, conveyed . the respective weights carried. Martini-Henry : "(idPieases thcqpnorceiii; amazingly, being a glutton for work, . y . 