Chapter II.—How I Wooed and Won Hek. It was impossible for anyone to know Muriel aud not like her ; it was impossible for me to know licr long and not love her. A year had gone by since the events narrated above, aud I now never allowed a week to pass without paying at least one visit to the Paruhams' house—ofteu more ; aud 1 knew that after each of these occasions I looked forward to the next as eagerly as a school-boy to his holidays. In fact, in plain, simple language, I was over head and ears in love with Muriel Para ham. Often in the cool of the summer evenings we would take walks together along the St. Hilda Esplanade or pier, the sca-beach, or Albert Park, conversing on every imaginable topic but one—the cause of Muriel's sorrow when 1 first made her acquaintance. She had never, by any chance, alluded to the subject, aud, of course, her silence regarding it was sacred to me. 80 time passed on until, as I have said, I had known her for a year. J t was a lovely December evening, and we were strolling together arm-in-arm up and down the pier. I "Do you remember, Muriel," I said to her, " what anniversary this is ?—the anni vorsary of your unfortunate accident." She looked up in my face half-seriously, half-playfully, as she replied : " Unfortunate accident. I am sure mamma and Esther look upon it as the.anniversary of a most happy accident, since it brought them the pleasure of knowing you." " Aud for yourself, Muriel, dear?" I said. " Do you share the sentiments of your inaimna and Esther ?" "Of course. You ought to know'I do. Don't you know I do ?" she asked, giving my arm a squeeze, aud blushing as her eyes met mine. "I know that it is a very happy anniver sary for ine, dear," I answered. And so we went on, and so we talked. I dare say, reader mine, you could tell me the general drift of our conversation, aud its sum and substance, just as well as 1 could tell you, for you know all about it yourself. Everywhere it is the same, and the cat is never let altogether out of the bag until the same preliminary of letting it peep out has been gone through. At last I led her to a seat, and then I unburdened my soul, and poured my tale of love into her ear. I reminded her again how we had known each other for a whole year ; how I believed I had fallen in love with her when I first saw her; how, at any rate, I had since, as surely she had seen herself, grown to love ln-r very, very dearly, and mol e dearly every day ; how iny whole being was bound up in hers ; and how she had be come necessary to its happiness, if not to its very existence; and I asked her if she could love me in return, aud if she would be iny wife, and malic me the happiest man in the world; and I vowed that if she would do this 1 would devote the whole of my life and energy and thoughts to making her happy; and, when I saw by her face what her answer was before she spoke, I drew it towards mine, and she gave ine a kiss that sends a {brill tlir<,if)>b ine evou now when I think of it. Yes, all this jiaasud jusj; uh only at a much gioater leugth than I have written it, and when wc rose to return home our aftiahce had been sealed by more loving, tows and kisses. "And now, dearest Arthur," said my Bweet girl, "I amgoing^to raise a ghost." " A ghost, my little necromancer!" I re plied. " And whose ghost are you going to raise ?" " The ghoBt. of a skeleton I once had in my cupboard," she replied. " I have long ago buried it, and have never wished or in tended to summon it to earth again ; but now that I am yourB and you are mine, I shall not be perfectly happy until 1 have Bhown it to you, and you know the only secret that I have to t'ell you; and as I shall never have any more skeletons to bury, I shall never haVe any more ghosts to'raise," she added, giving my arm 'a desperate- hug. as she smiled up"in my.face. And then she told me the story of Jack Arnsleigh and her self. Arnsleigh had come to Melbourne from a neighboring colony -about four years ago, bringing with him an introduction to, amoug others,'Mr. Parnliam, Muriel's father, who was then alive. . , 1 Mr. Parnliain introduced him to his family, with whom his gentlemanly bearing'and genial manners soon made him a' favorite. Very soon he ilevoted his attentions par ticularly to Muriel-, tod at last appeared to be desperately in' love with her. In return he completely won her .affections, and she gave him her whole heart with'all the un selfish passion of a girl's first love. So matters went on pleasantly enough, and Muriel and he became positively engaged, with the full consent and approval of her parents. , The day of the marriage, had 'been fixed upon and was ^ppjpacliing :\tuc1jride3inaids were in the preununary^ sMje of flutter and excitement; all ' the '.invitations for the ceremony and .breakfast hid bi&n;, issued and accepted ; and the Consummation' of the happiness of the youfij* Coiiple feeeirled on the eve of completion; when Wie fcudden death of Muriel's father changed the joy into mourning, and put ah end for the present to. all the preparations and anticipations. Mr. 1'arnham had been dead for more than a year, and MUriel and Jack were to be married on the Christinas Eve of last year— the year of her accident—when, suddenly, and without any cause that she could dis cover, his attentions to her began to flag, his visits to her to "be less frequent, and his manners not so warm. Muriel was sadly distressed, for she loved him very dearly. She knew that she had given him no cause for tius change, as her whole heart and soul, almost every thought of. her mind, had been devoted to him since their engagement. But she could not bring herself to believe that he could be'guilty of the cruel and cowardly sin of deserting her on the eve of their marriage, and after they had been already all but married, merely for a new faucy ; and she tried to think that J some false friend's scandal was at the | bottom of it, and that she would be able, by renewed devotion, to win back his love, and clear away from his mind the false doubts about herself. When, however, she received one morn ing a short letter from him, telling her that he had to go into the country for some time ami could give her no present address, but would shortly write, the poor girl was nearly heart-broken, for she now began to fear the worst. Weeks passed, and no news froin him came to her.. Her mother and sister, who had been alarmed by her pale, sad looks, now guessed the cause of it, and questioned her.. She had to tell them all, for the, arrangements and invitations must be cancelled. As a last resource, however, before taking this step^ so agonising to the1 poor girlte feelings,,she dejtermioed to put in The Argus the advertisement that so power-' fully aroused my curiosity and interest. She knew that her mother and sister would strongly oppose her doing so, for they had persistently urged her to dismiss from her mind the man who had proved, himself such a base scoundrel, and to congratulate herself instead upon her happy escape from having to realise nis umvortliiiffisa when too late; For this ieason she had determined to say nothing about it to them, and to ask Arns leigh to address his letter (if he wrote) to the 6\. P.O. ; and thus it was that I had the great good fortune t6 see her there, to assist her after her. accident, to get to know her, and to woo aJid win her; and thus it was, too, that the advertisement became the first link in this short chain of events lead ing up to the greatest happiness of my life. It is needless to go into details about the letter I saw her receive—it was short, cold, cruel. Pretending to take offence from the advertisement, Arnsleigh had written in such a way as to. put it out of Muriel's power, if she possessed ever so little self-respect, to entertain a. thought of ever again resuming her past relationship te him. As I have said in an earlier part of this story, the effect of all this was to bring an intense sadness upon Muriel, and at one time even to threaten serious and lasting injury to her health. However, her noble self-reliance bore her up, and brought her "safely through it all; and, when at last she was able, on the very day that she was to hav'e'been married to her deserter, to write him a letter of Christmas charity and free forgiveness, in reply to the cruel one which he had sent her with the object of stabbing her through her self-re spect, and of strangling her wounded love— then it was that Muriel Parnham rose to the full height of her native nobility of soul, and emerged bom the furnace of her affliction purified a£ gold. 