-? ; The Ghost in oar Midst. The above lias been a heading in FIGARO on two or three recent occasions, when articles referring to the .abominations in our city in the stink-and-bad-water line were published. Those articles were strong, and told of a digusting state of typhoid-creating affairs. They spoke of dead cats, goats., dogs, pigs, &c.;, as being allowed to accumulate in water courses. FIGARO also cartooned the subject, and showed how Death was coming along to reap a plentiful harvest here, and how Brisbane was inviting a decimating epidemic. I was, as usual, accused of sensationalism. I was told that I had overdrawn the picture, and was endeavouring to create a scare. ' This was because FIGARO happened to be (as usual) " fhef^rst in the field 1 The other papers-especially -those whose means are not so limited., and whose , staffs are not so few in number-had been blind to these existing dangers. Therefore, argued outside numsicullis, such dangers could not exist. Now, however, FIGA.ro having, as pioneer, pointed ; out the trftck, the other papers (as usual) come limp ;,,ing Along" behind. They have ?' disopverecf" tjiese , abominations now. And they find fc&al; the'abomina fcions and dangers, and disgusting fever-spois;!were net a whit over-paintecL - The Cowrier has.been obliged,' at the instance of ^re^nidjents, t6%pint-y^|3biov rotting animals are lyiiig in water-courses, and it is now calUng loudly. upon some one to dO sdine ; thing,; . ' - ; *;/??>,. - One Courier corresponderit notieed Mev^.^tHfying and stinking carcases between the Grainmar School and the Rifle Butts! Well, the Municipal Council is supposed to have tackled the matter of the health of the city,, and hag just been patted on the back by the Courier "for its glorious and unexpected attention to business. /liet me examine what the Council has done-this Council that not. long ago petitioned Government for the abolition of the Board of Health, gained its point, and was going to mpke Brisbane a clean city., . Well, tip till last meeting, the Council had abso lutely done nothing at all. At last meeting. Aldermen talked a. lot about immediate action, spoke of various nuisances which existed within their own knowledge, and then, mark They turned the whole matter over to the Mayor, with instructions to take, prompt action, &c.;, when the Mayor had shown them, both by his long, con tinued inactivity, and by his words during that very debate itself, that he was , v Unwilling to take the Responsibility1 The Mayor expressed his opinion, and reiterated it, that n Health Committee should be formed; and showed, in unmistakable ways, that he desired to evade the responsibility as something distasteful to his mind. The fact seems to me to be that, the Municipal Council wants to shove the onus in sanitary matters upon Mayor Byram; and that the Mayor, in his turn, wants to shunt it upon a Health Committee. However, the fact remains that the Council has given to the Mayor instructions to do work which he has clearly shown that he is unwilling to do. I maintain, therefore,, that, so far as really looking after the health of the city is concerned, our Muni cipal Council has still done 