THE Q.T.V. SPRING MEETING. THE Cur DAY. Tills meeting was brought to a conclusion on Saturday, and though the attendance of the public was not so large on the preceding day, yet it was still very considerable for the second day of the meeting and the results of the takings both at the gate and it the totalisators cannot fail to be satisfactory to the club His Excellency the Gover or and suite again go faced the course with the presence, remaining till after the Selling Riet had been decided The secretary had wisely decided to work all totalisators together, with 10s tickets, which simplified matters considerably, and proved a very convenient method, brother the operators and the public How ever there was a good deal of dissatisfaction manifested at the manner in which the operators performed their duties, but a certain amount of allowance must be made for men losing their heads in the hurry and excitement and doubtless matters will be found to work more smoothly on a future occasion. The popularity of these in struments is becoming something surprising, and probably during the last days racing at any rate at least two more of these machines would have found profitable employment. The racing throughout the day was interesting and exciting for though there was only one close finish namely, in the Brisbane Hindi cap-yet, with the exception of the Mares Produce Stakes, not one of the events could be considered as a foregone conclusion as the non fav ouates kind, except in the Cup and Produce Stakes a bit the best of it. the only thing which occurred to mar a most pleasant days sport was the accident to Mr James Williams in the Lathes BY scenes Race, who came into collision with the quarter mile post, breaking it clean off and receiving such injuries to his leg and knee is will probably confine him to his bed for some weeks It must be ex tended fortunate that the accident resulted in nothing worse for, as far as can be obtained from those best entitled to credence, Mr Williams on Vestal is following on the track of Lucilla and Kettle breaks with Paulie slightly ahead on his outside Vestal, who a is pulling two double was coming up fast when it was said that the i idea of Pallin c ille out to Mr Williams that he would be on the post, and instead of keeping his proper track 01 even falling out, was the cause of this unfortunate race lent Die Riding of the amateur jockeys was of the most eccentric description crossings and recrossing having occurred beyond number, an 1 a little knowledge must indeed be esteemed a dangerous thing when amateurs in the pigskin to j to put into pi the tree all the offices of the turf which may at any rate only resorted to by professional jockeys of a rather shady reputation If these occur fences had not taken place the race itself would have been a great success, for the whole nine horses coloured on the end came to the post, and the welter weights put a set on the much fancied My Love and Adimantca leaving Butherway to win easily from Inglesides his opponent in the Hurdle Race into third place being filled by the lightly w tighte 1 Ktttlobictl s The diamond by scenes thus goes to Mrs. Call tgh in the tiny be needed to Miss M Don ii 1, and the neat and suggestive e third in acelet-gol Iwith platina bit and horseshoe clasp-to Mrs Power Curiously enough Biancaw ty was so little fanned by the public that his backet s received £11 for their investment of 10s The first race of the day-the Mates'Ptoducc Stakes-was started punctually to time, and though it was regan tied a certainty for the Dot by winner, yet out of a total of ilO tickets no less than 1-lb were taken on Capitulttor, who was thought to lmveabettei chances! a mile and a quarter, and had besides the advantage of Watty Black look in the saddle Tickets to the number of 76 were also taken on Olive. i, but neither had the ghost of a show with Wheatmoat who, moving like a piece of machinery, won just as he liked by half a dozen lengths The next lace, the Brisbane Handicap, brought eight horses to the post the most fancied being Gipsy King Satiust and Adventure in the order named First Water, 7st 10lb, who was spotted as the probable winner when the weights appeared, was an absentee Mr rmnie also declined to state Golddndei, Oat 8lb, and the fortunes of the all yellow were intrusted to Runaway who, even with only 6st. 12lbs., proved unworthy of confidence. Gipsy King bolted, as on the previous day, and Satirist apparently had matters all his own way, coming up the straight pulling hard, but on being tackled by Pilot, who came with a sudden run, he chucked it up in the most unmistakable style as soon as he was asked to try, leaving his opponent to win by half-a-length. This is not the first by many times that he has proved himself a veritable coward, for though he possesses rare pace he invariably shows the white feather when the whips come out, and leaves his backers in the hole, The dividend paid by the totalisator on this event was the best of the day, each Pilot ticket receiving £20 17s, The incidents of the Ladies'BracelctBticc have been already touched upon, and on its conclusion little time was lost in weighing out the riders for the Prince of Wales Cup. Six horses only came up to time, the absentees being Happy, Fairy Queen, Vestal, Gipsy King, Capitulator, and Ohveria. The Cup candidates paraded as usual on the lawn, and none were more admired than Wheatmeat and sister, who both looked in the pink of condition. Miss Medora had suspicious-looking bandages on, while Hamlet appeared in far from good condition. The result of the race was never in doubt, for "Wheat meat, who was admirably ridden by young Devaney, came to the front when asked, settled Reuter in a few strides, and won with the greatest ease in 3min. 44sec, a task which he probably could have accomplished with another 1446. on his back. Legacy, who was ridden by Sullivan instead of C. Jones, showed to no greater advantage than in the Purse, while the running of Medusa was even worse. It is certainly the worst month in the year for mares, and to the proverbial fickleness of the sex the failure of the sometime cracks must be assigned. Hamlet, who finished a good fourth, ran remarkably well considering his condition, and though under no circumstances could he have beaten Wheatmeal at the weights, yet a distance of ground is cvi ntly his forte, and he will doubtless see a better day. The large number of 1186 tickets were taken on this event-393 on Wheatmeat; 311 on Rioter, 172 on Legacy, 117 on Medusa, 114 on Miss Medora, and 79 on Hamlet. The Wheatmeat tickets returned £1 7s., so that the odds were about 7 to 4 against his winning. The Selling Race only produced five starters' by far the. most fancied being Mr. Jost's Khedive, who was to be sold for £10, and consequently had the feather weight of 5st. 10lb. in the saddle. King of the Ring was also a good deal fancied, but Khedive ran off the course and the King stood no chance with Keltlebreeks, who won easily at the finish. There were nothing like so many entries for the Forced Handicap, only nine submitting their names to the handicapper, who were weighted as follows: Btlb Et lb Goldfinder.. 9 81 Vestal 7-12 Rioters .. 9 4 Kettlebrceks .. 7 10 My Love 8.10 I Blazcawny.. 7 0 heaney .. 8 2 Pilot. 7.7 Wheatmeat 8 0 Of these the pen was quickly passed through the names of Goldfintler, Rioter, My Love, Wheatmeat, and Kettlebrceks, 'paving only Legacy, Testal, Blaze away, and Pilot to race the starter. Of these Legacy was at once made a great favourite, but the good thing di-' not come off, as Vestal, who was well and patiently ridden by Brightwell, won comfortably with something in hand, in 2min. 17sec. The luncheon, which was supplied by Mrs. Mosley, of Tattersall's Hotel, was spread in a tasteful and elegant manner in the large room underneath the grand stand. His Excellency the Governor, Sir Arthur Palmer, and a numerous company were present though the tables were not so crowded as on the previous day. After the conclusion of the Selling Race Kcttlobi weeks, the winner, uni Satirist were submitted to auction by Mr Sicily but no satisfactory offers being received both were passed in The following are the details of the racing - Mvnrs PRODUCE. STAKES a sweepstakes of 7 Sovs each for starters 100 sovs added for then three year olds colts 8st 10lb fillies 8st 5lbs no allowance to geldings second horse 40 and no third horse of per cent on the moss amount of" their are to be di lucio 1 therefrom 11 mile Mr James V Uliams is by Wheatmeat 3 years 8st. 10lb (li Hughes) 1 Messrs Rutherford Bros b c Cnpituhitor "J years bat dull) (W Blacklock] 2 Mr J AlCillschm Oliver years 8st 5lb (Queen) 3 The flag was for ced to a good start. Ohveria went to the front, and passing the stand Ohveria was first, Av, he almost second, and Capitulator last. At the three quarter mile post Wheittueat closed up and passing Olivoua led her by three lengths at the half mile post when it was soon after done with and the Derby winner co lying on won with case by pute six lengths from Capitulation Time, 2min 10sec BuisuvxLlliNDicir' sweepstakes of 2sovs each testators witho0so\s ruled for all ages second horse 7 BOYS from the prize 1 mile and a distance Mr G Trickett s b g 1 dot aged 9st "lb (At £1 ar) 1 Mr Tu* Williams a b h Satirist stood 8st 10lb Hughes) 2 "Mr Aluuroschp; Hippy aged 7st 12th J Mr J Munro's blk 1 Hunuwnv 3 years 6st, ITS 0 Messrs Rutherford Bros bril Gipsy King 3 years 7st. Iib 0 Vii Mussov s h p Brickie 5 years 9st, lib 0 Mr D O nelly s but I agree in aged 8st, "7lb 3 Mr P M Bon ild s ch m Adi engine of years 9st 10lb 0 S itu ist got the best of a head start, but being pulled back Happy and Gipsy King led past the stand Gipsy King then went to the front but bolted soon after 9 in his leaving Happy with the lead at the half mile post satirist showed in front with a slight lead of Happy and Adventure Coming round the tin ii for home Satin ist increased his lead, and coming up the straight looked all of a a winner, when Pilot who had been gradually passing his horses came with a great rush, and catching Satirist in the last few yards won by half a length Time 2min less Lands Bil yet I in a welter handicap for all horses riders to be approved by the Stewards dist prize diamond bracelet second bracelet v Blue 10 sovs third values sovs 1 mile Mrs Culhibhnn s cb g Flareaway 10st, 10lb (Vii M Gill jun ) 1 Miss M Donald s br g Inglesides 10st, 3lb (In a lad nor) Mrs Power s br b Kcttlobreeks 9st 5lb (Mr A Williams) 3 Mrs Ricardo's br of My Love list "lb (Mr Finnie) 0 Mrs Flynn's bin Adftnninton list 5lb (Mr E Barker) 0 Mrs Williams s ch f Kmblun 10st 7lb (Mr J Williams) 0 Mrs G Edwards s br; Pastime lOst lib (Mr M C nek) 0 Mrs Stuartson Paulie 9st 7lb (Mr lityloil 0 Miss Hall's b m Lucilla Sst hill (Mr J Hughes) 0 the flag was lowered to an indifferent state, of which Paulie had the best At the three quarter mile post Laidlaw and Paulie were lating for the lead Adam late lying third At the half mile the top weights were disposed of and at the quarter mile 1 tabled who was going great guns was cannoned by Paulie against the post with "le it force and skin" it town and severely injuring Mr Willi tins At the turn for home Bhizeiivvay put in his claim and was never headed winning costly form Inglesides and Kettle! i asks who were second and third, My Love fourth the pony Lucilla being fifth, and Pastime last time, June 4') sec PRINCE' OF AN iiissOw a handicap sweep st likes of b y s euch 11 and sun ters with 1 su sev saddle 1 fit all ages been 1 is No 20 sovs third bore say CB his Stakes winning penalties same as and Publicans' Purse, 2 miles Mr James Williams s b o Wheatmeat T years 7st (Dev once ) 1 Mr W Mooney's be Hiotor 1 years 1st (R Lane) 2 Mr J P Jost s bm Legacy j yours 8st 2lb (sullivan) Air J turning chut Medusa years has 7lb 0 Mr J W Johnston's but Miss Medora 5 cats 7st 12th 0 P McDonald's big Hamlet 1 your s Ost 121 0 The 11 it fell again to an indifferent start Miss Me elm a and Medusa showing in front, while Whcntmedt mid Rioters brought up the real At the half-mile post Miss Medora Legacy, and Msdubn were leading, Wheatmeat still being last Coming round the turn Hotel came up, pulling double, and passing the st met the first time was slightly in front with Miss Medora and Legacy his immediate attendants Pins order continued till the back of the course, when Miss Medora was beaten and VA treatment commenced to draw up to the lenders passing Legacy at the half mile post, and laced Roster for the lead At the put in for home Broker was beaten and Wheitntcnt, drawing away, won easily by six lengths Rioters being, second and Legacy third , Hamlet close up, fourth Time, 3min 44sec the i IM? RAO of 10 SOVS for all ages weight for age the winner to be sold loilOsovb. lb allowed for each reduction of 10 sovs on selling, price 1 mile. Mr J J Power s br li Kettlebrceks 3 years 8st 5lb feel (I am a) 1 Alt B Newtons big kills, of the Bing need Oat Jib £10 (Higgins) 2 Mr J H O'Kelly s cb m C acre r years Bst Ulh £80 (Burkhardt) I Ah R M Glory s blk g Station aged 9st lb £100 Mr J P Just a bit Khedive 1 by years 5st 111 £100 Satrap and King of the Ring got the best of the start and led to the half mile, when Kcttlcbiceks who had been going well, went to the front, followed by Gazelle King of the King being third At the distance King of the King made his effort and passed Gazelle, but could never reach Kcttlcbiceks, who won easily Time, 1min 48sec round n HANDICAP of 15 Sovs for all ages Entrance before time of start time Selling, Rate compulsory for v winners (excepted jumping races) J sovs optional to losers 1 sev l mile Mr J V trams s ch m A star of years 7st 12th (Bughtw eil) 1 Air J P Jost s bail Lency 1 year H 9st 3lb (Sullivan) 2 Mr J M Gill s cb g Blazcaway aged 7st lib (Quirk) 1 Mr A lucketts Pilot aged 7st 7lb 0 Only the four starters Pilot went to the floor, but was soon passed by Flareaway. who led past the stand, Legacy being second and Vestal inst At the back of the course Pilot was racing Blaze away for the lead, wilda Legacy and Vestal w el c running neck and neck a few lengths behind. At the distance Bright well brought up Vestal, who came with a good run, and won pretty comfortably by two lengths Legacy being second, and Flareaway third Time, 2min 17sec J M 