MEMS. FROM THE HAUNTED STREAM. (BY THE OTHER VAGABOND.) When there is " smoke," the igneous theory is generally accepted as the correct one. And when a place or a stream is known as "haunted," the logical inference is, that there must be a " ghost" somewhere around. There are people familiar with, and in fact, partial to ghosts. I am not one of those people, for I have a singular aversion to them, and although not amounting to positive fear, yet I shun them on all possible occasions, especially when they assume the form of creditors, and I have not in my possession the " golden charm" said to be effectual in laying such troubled spirits. I have not as yet seen a ghost here, of any description, not even " a ghost of a color" in anything I have found. I have enjoyed this impalpable immunity for a long time, and the monotony of the thing is beginning to pull slightly--so that to grapple with some thing tangible (bar creditors) would be a relief--if it were only a three ounce reef, or a nugget of the dimensions of a bit of chalk--anything for a change. The alluvial on this stream has been worked and abandoned years ago, Chinamen were the principal operators, and I understand that the best claims were scarcely ordinary wages. There appear to be banks, and spurs with wash high up and far back from the water, partially prospected. I have been told by men who have sunk holes on this wash that they obtained gold in most of them, but nothing that could be considered payable, consequently I cannot advise alluvial miners to come here, unless they can afford to prospect. The Stream, from its source to its mouth, cannot be far short of forty miles. The head waters are tributaries, and are no doubt worth exploring, but the present time of the year is against this. Short days, and the probability of bad weather are serious items for the prospector's consideration; but pro bably the coming summer will witness exploring on a larger scale than ever has been attempted in this neighbor hood. There is a vast tract of known auriferous country at the cardinal points of the compass from the centre, and I have little doubt that those who can afford to prospect will be rewarded for the risk and hardships inevitable in the life of the pioneer. Perhaps in no walk of life in which patience and perseverance are elements of success, is it more imperative to possess, or at all events cultivate,than in prospecting. Readers of ancient history are of course conversant with the Epic poem which so signally exemplifies the beauty of those virtues. I refer to the " Holiday excursion of the snail to Jerusalem." Savants differ as to the period of time it took to accomplish the task, indeed, some sceptics are mean enough to insinuate that he never arrived at all I will not risk my reputation as an historian to give an opinion on the matter, but merely observe, that it was a plucky thing of any snail to under- take such a journey, and there is strong presumptive evidence that he was en tirely " on his own hook" and not dependent on " backers," who, if they risked or lost a five pound note would think themselves ruined. There was some grit in that snail depend upon it. To be a " good" prospector one requires to possess, in a concentrated form, all the horned crustacea which I have selected by way of illustration. Ladies in thee centre! cries the master of the ceremonies, and when I announce the arrival of the first, and only lady on the Haunted Stream, in the middle instead of the commence ment of this article, I do but observe ballroom etiquette, and if I deserve to be censured, I trust my admission of profound density in most matters ap pertaining to the sex will mitigate, if not absolutely acquit me of ungallantry in its first or remotest degree. Mrs. Williams, wife of the manager of the Ernestine G. M. Company has set the example to other married ladies (and single ones too I hope) by venturing into this ghostly territory, the very name of which is sufficient to deter some ladies, who may be afflicted with a superabundance of nerve tissue and affectation, and correspondingly des titute of courage and common sense. Duty and affection are ignored by the " dolls " of society, who, with butterfly attributes bask in the sunshine, but shudder and refuse to encounter the possibilities of the shade. Mrs. Williams evidently is not of this order of dawdling humanity, but like a true woman, who accompanies her husband wherever his professional duties may call him, whether it be in Queensland or Peru, there she is to be found, cheerful and happy; accommodating herself to circumstances, bravely facing the dangers of clime and travel. This time she narrowly escaped an accident which might have been a serious one, as the buggy upset between here and the Tambo Crossing. Captain and Mrs. Williams fortunately elected to walk down a rather steep hill, leaving the driver, Mr. J. Roberts, of Bairns dale, to pilot the pair of horses down the declivity, intending to remount at its base; but the brake went wrong and the result was a breakage of gear, buggy and a nose, the latter appendage belonged to Mr. Roberts, and although not seriously injured its proportion was considerably augmented. The distance form the Tambo Crossing to the Ernestine mine is called a short ten miles; from here to Ensay is con sidered about the same milage, thus giving two sides of an arc isosceles triangle, with a base of fourteen miles described by the Omeo road, so that visitors from Omeo side can come here direct from Mr. Johnston's place, on the Little River, and if nothing else they will gain insight of a practical nature toward the demnonstration of the 5th of the first. I have just paid a visit to the Ernes- tine mine, and was rather surprised at the progress made since I was last there. The excavation of the wheel pit is completed and the bed logs laid in their permanent positions. The ex cavation at one end is about twenty feet in depth, through solid rock. When one looks at the chasm made in such a short time in what appears to be impermeable rock he tries to reason a posteriori. Wealth and dynamite, sir, are powerful agents, and when judiciously and intelligently employed, I believe myself they will accomplish almost anything, except perhaps Home Rule, or cure the toothache. As I have but a short time at my disposal to write before my available mercury arrives I can but give a brief account of things in general on this occasion. Captain Williams, with great courtesy, showed me over the progressive works inter alia, the ponderous iron wheel or rather a portion of it or its component parts, as they are laid out on the ground, each one in its place as it will be when constructed--numbered and fitted with mathematical accuracy--thus avoiding possible confusion when required for permanent erection. The captain ex plained the uses of certain bars and pivots in the inscrutable anatomy of this huge motor with a lucidity that penetrated even my obtuseness. He then brought me up to the tunnel which is now in about one hundred feet including the open cutting. Some very hard rock has been passed through, but during my visit the man at the face reported a change of country, indicating better shooting. Captain Williams informs me that he can average about ten feet a week with two shifts of men. A shaft from the surface is being put down which will pierce the tunnel at a depth of some forty feet and about one hundred and thirty feet from the adit. This shaft is intended for a ladder way air shaft, and pass for the quartz from the top or first level. The two distinct lodes which are to be operated on first are named respectively the Brigham and the Marshall, a tramway from each is being laid. That from the Marshall is finished, by which the quartz will be conveyed to the pass, and from thence by the tunnel to the battery, a distance of about two hundred and seventy feet. I will refrain for the present from giving minute particulars, but when I avail myself of Captain Williams's kind invitation to inspect a plan of the mine, which he is drafting, I will be able to give accurate details which may be interesting to those in- cipient lunatics who are guilty of believing that there is another industry besides " hops " which might possibly lead to affluence. I believe it is an axiom that the success or non- success of a mining enterprise of any magni tude, whether it be a private or public company, depends greatly on the man- agement or mismanagement. And as quartz mining in Gippsland at the present time may be said to be in a transitional state, it behoves directors and prospectors to be perspicacious in appointing men of integrity and prac- tical ability. It is likewise a duty incumbent on the press or its repre sentative to carefully note and impar tially and truthfully chronicle that which may be of public interest, whether it be a flaw in an engine or an engineer, an achievement of skill, or the blunders of a Yorkshire donkey. So far as it is possible to judge in the progressive stage of things here every thing is carried on vigorously and well. The last of the machinery is daily ex pected to arrive. There are about twenty four men employed, some in the tunnel, some in the shaft, others cutting the water-race and constructing the fluming, sawyers ripping out boards and spicy anecdotes at well earned wages. All the men seem to work cheerfully and methodically under the new management, for although Captain Williams is considered a strict man, he is urbane and just to employers and employees; attributes rarely combined. Mr. S. Radcliff, who has been for some time prospecting in the interests of himself and Messrs. Brigham and Marshall, has found something which he says is really good; and as he is a gentleman of considerable experience in reefing I have every confidence in his assertion. As he has engaged a man to assist him in sinking a shaft on the lode, with a view of proving its auriferous nature at a depth, it would be premature to express an opinion, further than that I have visited the embryo mine and was shown some very nice stone with gold in it, and four or five distinct lines of reefs varying from four inches to two feet six inches in width. It is but a short distance from, and east of, the Ernestine, and when opened up may prove to be a valuable property. The manager of the Haunted Stream G. M. Company has put on two extra men, and he intends taking less stone and consequently a smaller shaft, in order to prove the lode as expeditiously as possible. The reef is looking well, carrying fair gold through, not what could be called rich. All the work done in this lease has been of a tenta tive character, and to any but a Gipps land company would be ample trial to justify machinery. I am afraid luck when spelt with a p is not in the vocabulary of the favored denizens of the New Province. In my last I said Messrs Johnston and Sandy had opened a commodious and well stocked store here. I should have said Mr. Henry Sandy, as he is sole proprietor, having purchased Mr. Johnston's interest in the concern, they are, however, co-partners I under- stand in mining matters. Through their energy and perseverance capital has been introduced here, and that they and the Melbourne gentlemen con nected with them may be well rewarded is but the wish of all in the district. There is a grievance which I will give vent to on a future occasion, I refer to the miserable postal arrangements. Bruthen is the nearest post-office be- tween here and Bairnsdaled. I heard that the postmaster general, in answer to a memorial said--if a mail was run privately for three months he would consider the matter of granting an office to this place or Tambo. What a facetious postmaster general to be sure--and how he likes to crack a joke. Owing to the invasion of my domicile by certain full-blooded well-meaning young men, who take a nightly prowl with the view of improving the ethics of the community at large, and in turn hold forth for my especial edification, I am compelled to write in the small hours--if I hint at the time they tell me Kilpatrick has not yet arrived to adjust the Waltham which suddenly stopped without the slightest warning \--but you know the sun stood still on one occasion. Then, perhaps, one young friend will make some high flavored remark, while another hums a pungent kind of a hymn, and at last they utter what I now wish you, gentle reader--Good night. 