THE AMERICAN GIRL OF THE PERIOD. [From the Pall Mall Gazette of March 20.] Skobeleff once told an Irish lady that he was in sympathy neither with English con- <*> stitutionalism nor American democracy, but "he admired the quiet during of the Ameri- cans and loved in them their reverence for women. He thought the old American lady a more agreeable being to contemplate than the young." Skobelefi's estimate of tbe comparative agreeableness of the American woman in age and youth is not generally shared by Europeans, but its justice is emphatically endorsed by the Bey. Dr. Morgan J>ix, who has been de livering some ferocious Lenten lectures at Trinity Chapel, New York, concerning the shocking depravity of the American girL As the result of the follies and sins by which the women of America have " brought contempt upon their name and cast a blight on their condition," the reverence for women which Skobeltff regarded as one of the best features of the American character is disappearing. According to Dr. Dixthe position of women has distinctly changed for the worse, "Toe deference paid her is less, homage **" turned to mere civility, the public invade her privacy, the newspapers print her name in full, she is treated with no more ceremony than if she were a man." This is alarming news if true, and, as Dr. Dix says none can doubt that it is, it may not be amiss to glance at his diagnosis of the wickedness of the American woman. the fair ccx on the otJier aide of tbe Atlantic, bat in some particulars it may be found not without application nearer home. Dr. Dix^ in bis fourth Lenten lecture, limits himself solely to the con sideration of one class of Bins, which, how ever, most people will regard as tolerably comprehensive. This class of sins he splic up into five groups, as follows:—1. The lack of serious riewa of life, and the habit of turn ing the thoughts exclusively to enjoyment. 2\. The degradation of the idea of mavlmoay, as shown by entering into that estate for low and unworthy motives. 3. The deliberate determination of some married women to defeat the objects for which marriage was in stituted; to have no real home; to avoid first the pains and next the cares and duties of maternity. 4. The habit, where a home exists, of neglecting it by tpetdirg most of the time away tram it, running np and down in pursuit of excitement, and taming their children over to the care of servants. & The growing . indifference to the chief of ill y*ifi abomi nations, divorce, and the toleration of lax notions. These, it may be said at once, are no specially American sins. They have characterised some portions of the sex ever since the world began, and they have afforded themes for satirists and preachers in all ages; and a good deal of what Dr. Dix has to say has been said longago in every country under the broad ;eky. His special lament is that "real women" are dying out, that the "ideal of an earnest, modest, simple womanhood" is being superseded by a poor substitute made of "vulgarity, heartiessness, troth and chaff." The girl of the period in New York, it seems, picks op the slang of her brother*, jests at the world and all things therein, cul tivates a cynical indifference, and combines with all tbeee vices a mysterious something, described by Dr. Dix aa the "worship of pedantic bookmen," an offence of which tbe F.ngliab fast girl has never been accused. Worst of all, abe marries not "to sacrifice herself to one individual, but rather to have free run of all avenues which lead to the enjoyment of the world." To the wife are permitted liberties denied to the maid; marriage is to her not servitude but emancipation. Fast girls hasten to convert themselves into faster wives, and, according to Dr. Dix, they take good care to escape the domestic duties which in better days were regarded as the natural sequel of matrimony. They have either small *?mii^ or none at all, and although Dr. Dix indulges in Borne outrageously tall talk concerning the "growth of Nihilism and the organisation of fiends whose weapon is dynamite," as the results of this "great, growing almost national crime," his account of the condition of the children of these households is such aa to make it a cause of t.hankfnlnfw that there are so few of them. For he says, " all about us we see the wrecks of homes, tha shadows of ghosts of homes, the parodies of homes. Slowly are dying ont the home life, the home influence, the home training, the home religion." The father throws off his duties on his wife and goes his way. The mother's first thought is how to beep the little ones ont of the way, and in order to be free for her pleasures, hands them over to hirelings. If such is the fate of the few chil dren who have the misfortune to be born, their number, not their paucity, ought to be a matter of regret. That there are many girls in New York—as in London and Paris, and every other centre of wealth and luxury—as despicable as those whom Dr. Dix describes is true enough, and pity 'tis 'tis true. But that this more than the mere fringe of the sex we altogether refuse to believe. Tbe worst of it is that Dr. Dix hinmelf and men of that way of thinking an partly answerable for this abnormal development of female folly. Dr. Dix has just been distinguishing himself by heading the opposition—which has unfor tunately been snecessf d—to the admission of women to Columbia College. Notwithstand ing the success of Kewnham and Girton, and of the Woman's Annex at Harvard, it has pleased Dr. Dix and others to denounce the higher education of women as if it were cer tain to result in the ruin of the ear. Women, in his opinion, ought to regard the love, admiration, and happiness of man as the chief end of their being, and a well educated woman, he seems to believe, judging perhaps from his own feelings, would be much less attractive to ??nirin?i than her more ignorant sister. It is that kind of teaching which leads directly to the "immolationof tbe child in society " which Dr. Dix so bit terly laments. He would abut them out from all bat social ambitions, and an exag gerated devotion to society is the natural result. Almost all the abuses which he avails are due to the lack of the higher aid wider education which he resolutely denies. It is in vain for any one to preach that either man or woman exists Mriely for the benefit of some one else. Bach individual exists also for him or for herself, and marriage ought no more to be the sacrifice of tbe woman to themaa. as Dr. Dix maintains, than the sacrifioe of the man to the woman. It is idle to deplore sordid views ?t marriage when declaiming against the opening of other means of livelihood to woman. It is a somewhat odd notion that if women we as well educated as men they will be less likely to live happily together in married life. Incompatibility of temper is TCMytnsed in * some vJtatas m a legitimate ground for divoros; bat it is ieser*sl to Dr. -Dix Madmen **that school to regard equality In education as a fatal bar to happ>mar. riacaa. 