Chrysander's Quest. The young knight Chrysander sat pensively in the tapestry chamber at Poplinium, surrounded by six beautiful maidens. A cloud was on his brow, a trouble in his heart; for he found no meaning in the many, many words which flowed musically from those rosy lips. And he departed in pain ; but came again upon the morrow, with a lofty purpose and a bold resolve. ' Sweet ladies,' he said, ' deign to impart your secret lore to a humble scholar. Naught iB known to me of all these mysteries whereof ye discourse, neither do I under stand the words of your speech. Teach me, therefore, I pray you, that I too may speak this strangely beautiful language.' Then they taught him until the sun sank in the west, and until the twilight faded ; and yet was he but little wiser than before. And aeain be departed in pain ; and through the weary hours of the night he pondered uptn all that -he had heard. On the morrow hebetookhiniself once more to the maidens, and cried : ' O damsels, j our toil is but in vain ! The mystic language is yet sealed to me, and its subtleties baffle my best wit. So soon as I have learned fitly to discriminate between a box-pleated gore and a double-biassed panier puff, behold, even then I straightway forget the true differ ence between slashing and shirring, nor am I able for all my striving, to tell what it is to run np frilled tatting with a basted hemstitch, or to pink the Anting of peplutn points. Woe is me ! I cannot learn this lore & But the fair maidens cheered Chrysander, bidding him take heart and give due diligence to his task, and all should be well. Even eo it came to pass. The heedful knight waxed v iter and yet more wise, until he became like unto the maidens, thinking even as they thought, and speaking as they spake. In good time he forsook his rude oaths, ' By tacchus !' and 'Holy Saint Jingo!' and ' Great Cai Bar's ghost!' and : learned to eay ' By Bombazine !' and ' Rip up my bastings !' and to vow by holy Honiton and sacred Sarcenet. And as the bird of the desert returns daily to the coo] spring where it n wont to slake its thirst, eo did the knight Chrysander daily revisit the refreshing fountains of occult knowledge. At length he bethought him in what manner he might re quire those damsels, his teachers, who had thus enriched him with the treasures of their wisdom. And he made for them many pleaEant lays and ditties. Likewise, he took counsel with his heart, and framed the Seven Goodly Proverbs, that are known by every maid, not only in Poplinium, but also throughout all the land of Polonaisia. And these are the Seven Goodly Proverbs: 1\. A basted bias gathers no pleats. 2\. Never look a pinked tuck in the Beams. 3\. One shirr in the mull is worth three in the scrim. 4\. A basque is known by the stitches it keeps. 6\. 'You may lead a woman to a machine, but you can not make her hem. 6\. Better is a slashed goro with bangles than a gusset of tulle and honiton therewith. 7\. Frilled tattings fulls deep. To this day, men may read the Seven. Goodly Proverbs, worked in letters of gold, in the tapestry chamber at Popli nium ; but of all the brave rhymes writ by Chrysander, only these remain : ' Let the double- shirred Peplums from Gussets refrain, And beware ere they take up tbe Darts of Gros-Grain ! For, though Panicrs should basque in the Pleats of Nainsook, And though Ruches and Plastrons should join in rebuke, You may baste, you may bias the Gore if you will, Tet the Yoke of the Tucker will hang round the Frill ! ' ? J. Bouckman. 