OUR AMERICAN LETTER . (fliom our own correspondent.) San Francisco, January H. The bustle nnd excitement attendant up m the inauguration of the Governor and the conveoin t of the State Legislature, has subsided, and mem bers will set into harness " rieht nwav" fas thev say here) and settle down to regular business. There are mnny long faces and sad hearts in con sequence of unfulfilled anticipations and blusted hopes of lucrative municipal and State office?, nnd successful candidates of both Democratic and Re publican persuasions are being abused roundly by their satellites. These individuals are much more prominent in American than any other elections — in fact they 6cem a necessary addendum to every political struggle. The whole country has received a terrible shock by tbc intelligence of the burning of the Ne-vhill House, at Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The recital of the horrible scenes, as detailed by one or two of the survivors, is actually heartrending — A the agonising shrieks of Btrong men and helpless women and children in their appeals for help to the assembled throng, who were powerless to ren der tbem assistance. About seventy or eighty unfortunates must have perished in the flames. The fire department made heroic rescues, and put forth superhuman efforts, but were almost power less against the devouring element. Now that the steed is stolen they aie talking of building fire proof hotel?, Ac. Another report ha? reached us this morning from St. Louis of a similar disaster, in which four lives are known to be sacrificed. One of the "big guns" of our city, who re joices in the appellation of " I.ucky Baldwin." proprietor of the well-known theatre ami hotel which bear his name, has been getting into a shooting scrape. The "true .inwardness" of the affair has not yet come to light, as the young lady who took a shot at him claims to be his ousiu, while he assdrtB ehe is only after blackmail. She wanted pecuniary assistance from bis wealth. He refused ; hence the trouble. There wa9 & footrace yesterday to decide who was entitled to the honour of being cubbed the amateur champion Bpr.nt runner of the J'acific Cotet. The contestants were Messrs Haley and Mastereoo, and the race was won by the latter ia 30 3-5tb £ec. A very unusual occurrence marked the death of the old year in San Francisco, namely, quite u heavy fall of enow. Such an event was only re corded once or twice in this part before, nnd there was joy and gladness depicted on the juvenile por tion (and alpo a great share of the adult) of the residents; snowballing was indulged in to a great extent, and some enterprising parties improvised sleighs and drove round the streets. Some of the unfortunate street car drivers occupied unenviable position?, as they were moving targets all day for the urchins to practise on. Traffic on some of the cable roadB was suspended in consequence of being blocked with 6now. By the way, these cable roads might be introduced on some of the Sydney thoroughfares with advantage. Anxiety is felt lest Madame Nilsson, the melo dious aintatr'uu-) should lose her voice, and she goes lo New Orleans to recuperate. On her way east from 'Frisco she contracted a severe cold, 1 which has interfered with her programme, and caused her to determine to try the " suuny south," About the most exciting topic of conversation prevailing for the past few weeks has been the advent of the redoubtable old Jem Mice nnd his burly Maori j>roU<jr, who is to essay the somewhat difficult feat of causing John L. Sullivan to relin quish his distinguished title of being the hardest " slogger " in the world. The two worthies put up at the "Palace" in grand style (at R. K. Fox's expense), and were lionised during their sojourn here by the admirers of " bruisers." Of course it is auperiiuous to intimate that they had the usual number of exciting interviews with that bore to travellers — the Ameri can newspaper reporter ; and many wore the wild stories published which old Jem never uttered, bnt which had their origin in the fertile brains of the reporters. The most amusing thing in connection with the whole business was that Mace had his benefit and exhibition in a church 1 To the Australian mind this probably souads a little far-fetched, or slightly coloured, but it is nevertheless a hard fact. 1 presume they could not secure any other building, but it did seem a tritlc queer — "science" and religion getting recon ciled at laEt. Various opinions prevail as to Blade's prowess, some holding that he will have no ghost of a show with " Sully," while others contend that Mace would not import any slouch, and that he will give his pupil sufficient teaching to make him a formidable opponent. J. F, 