FAREWELL TO MRS. HAMPSON. A public farewell was last night tendered to Mrs Hampson, an evangelist who has been labouring for some time past in Melbourne. The proceedings took the form of a public tea, followed by a meeting, both of which were held in the Town-hall. At the former about 1,400 persons sat down, and fully 2500 persons were present at the meeting. The Rev H B Macartney presided, and the platform was crowded with ladies and gentlemen, amongst whom were several ministers. Mrs Uampson sat behind a table at the front of this densely-packed portion of the audience, and looked down at the larger body over half a dozen bouquets which were care less) strewnabouttbetable. Thcaudiencewas composed almost entirely of women and elderly men the former predominating very largely The proceedings opened with a hymn, sung in a lively strain to the accompaniment of an harmonium The hymn over an address was given by the chairman, its purport being mainly to show that Mrs. Hampson has done a great work in the city, and that everyone with whom she has come in contact will regret her departure, these statements being received with applause The Rev. H A. LANGLEY, of Prahran, moved the following resolution - "That this meeting acknowledges with profound thankfulness to God the deep spiritual blessing that has been bestowed on the community through the instrumentality of Mrs Uampson It further pledges itself to continue in supplication and pray cr for her and for her work during her absence, and breathes the fervent desire that she may be restored to Melbourne at no distant date with re-established health and in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ " He said that the story of Mrs Hampson's mission in Melbourne was an illustration of the power of God unto salvation. She had preached the Gospel with the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven He was glad that the church was learning that women had their place in the spread of the Gospel as well as men He impressed most fervently upon his hearers the necessity of pra) ing for her " Do you mean to tell me," said he, wrestling with a supposititious adversary, that God is not able to restore her to that health which necessary for her continuation of work? No And therefore I Bay, pray) for her, that she may continue her labour without weariness " The Rev. JOHN THOMPSON, who was introduced by the chairman as having been the co worker of Mrs. Hampson in Liverpool, seconded the resolution 'The resolution was then put by the chairman, and the meeting carried it at his re- quest, in silence-a mode in which it is many vastly more difficult to display enthusiasm than unanimity Mr Macartney then read a few " notices " They referred to evangelistic services, committees, conferences, meetings, and gatherings, and were in such number that for one person to attend to all of them would mean a very trying week's devotion indeed They formed a very comprehensive net, to escape which would task the ingenuity of any wavering backslider In speaking of one meeting, Mr Macartney said that it would " last- till it closed," a sparkling witticism which evoked a most genuine and universal smile, though one of decorous proportions Mr 'I Theophilus Kitchen, acting on behalf of Mrs Hampson's well wishers in the city, presented her with an address of good wishes to which 518 women's names were appended It was roughly drawn up, and consisted of a number of loose sheets of manuscript pinned together at the corner Mr Kitchen opolo gised for its uncomely appearance, but a word from) him and a look from Mrs Uampson convinced everybody that she would be as proud of it as if it had been illuminated, framed, and glazed in the most gorgeous colours obtainable Before she rose express her thanks, the chairman interposed with a few more notices. One of these was ambiguous in its verbiage It was a statement to the effect that Mrs Hampson had been invited to visit Hobart. " where they wanted her very badly indeed, which might or might not have been a reflection on the monotone of the city An ovation of applause greeted Mrs Hampson as she rose to receive the address She spoke but a few words, but they were very expressive and tearful, and in them she thanked the donors most of all for their promise of pra) er for her recovery and for her return to Melbourne A collection was then made murderer funds of the Evangelisation Society of Victoria, and after another hymn, Mrs Uampson delivered a long address The main point which she impressed upon her audience was the necessity for getting grace in denning which quality Blue abandoned herself to a rhapsody of meta phone phrasing Her sentences were punctuated by the conviction expressing nods and areas of those immediately about her She cautioned them to beware of receiving grace in vain, and of becoming too much wrapt up in earthly success 'The pivot upon which their whole life should turn should be up rightness Let there be no alum in their professions of adherence to the gospel She depicted in forcible and glowing language the moral satisfaction derivable from a Christian life, and wound up with a stirring appeal for the exhibition of genuineness, declaring that one wavering and half hearted adherent did more harm than 20 open in- fidels. A "farewell" hymn having been sung, and a short prayer offered up, the proceedings terminated, an invitation being given to all anxious ones to interview Mrs Hampson privately. 