J ? 1 - 1 At the Play. Mr. Skimpole's nephew invites Ms uncle to the 2\. Qe sees the Ballet in repose; is embarrassed. 3\. The Ballet ill action-Oh, Lor! 4\. Suppar after tjie theatre, and then home. ** Adietii Key' you mind me" 5\. Astonishment at the. nocturnal ballet illustra tions given by Mrsi S. "' : ^ : : r SHE did not object to writ ing any amount of letters, returning thanks for kind sympathy and condolence $ but she sternly drew the line at the ; widow's; $ap?r and she would insist on wearing her rings. . ' !' # # # IT is somewhat strange that no matter what new religion is started, it is always met at first with! hostility. When Paul preached in Borne, the people wanted the high-priest - of Jupiter to tar. and feather the apostle and ride him . round the city on a rail amidst a grand display of wax candles and Chinese crackers, and when the Salva tion Captings first opened up m this sunny land of ours, W ^ ^ the natives rapped tjhem over the jowl with eggs that gave out an odour as loud as a whole park full of artillery, and with cats that had probably given up the ghost about the same time as Julius Casar. OrerllMnois way, however, the citizens use scientific means to squelch religious innovations,' and in their recent Job with a sect called " The Pilgrims/' the result was most satisfactory-to the citizens. It appears that the principal dogma of the Pilgrims' faith is that every man's wife belongs to everybody else, and the latter is bound to return the compliment;' The most attractive part of the business, however, lies in the fact that single people are entitled to the same privilege and to a share in the subsequent profits also. But the marriage registrars of Illinois bucked at this, so taking dynamite they placed! it, under the Pilgrims'church on a festival day and blew the whole caboodle to everlasting blazes at one bung. This ma^ jiot be a very Christian-like way of reasoning with! regions innovators, but it certainly possesses the advantages of being extremely chew in cost, and prompt in action. 