BY "PORTIA." Sunday trailing in California Gully seems to [.(.a vexed question just noiv. It seems thei'c a* dens tliei'° as wel1 as oloser home that want slutting up ^ strict surveillance cannot bo /uvn Id tlicm, and if the law is still to remain .lead letter in favor of unprincipled publicans. Kvi'i-ywliero 011c goes 011 this day of rest—the S.iUu'.tli—that the churches would have us keep j!!.:t as it is (a mixture of drunken immorality and iisalmsiiiging)—■itis plain that Sunday trading is as common a thing as church-going, and yet hear no wild outcry from the churches that the law might be fulfilled,, and that collective and individual efforts might l,c made to lessen the evil, especially ■where it is known that youths are encouraged to tread the path of ruin and degradation. As for the old, and those with other and higher obligations, nothing but ignominious exposure can hope to reach them, or the vile means that jiuIucM them not only to forget their obligations to themselves and society on the Sabbath Day, hut who can be found from midnight to almost broad daylight enjoying the vagaries of quesr j tionablc female society. Let the majesty of the law- stalk north of the reserve if it cannot find much occupation south, and then let it open its two narrow eyes and be astonished at the way the law is broken, and especially at the lawbreakers. It is the boast of some of these public-house keepers., that they could not live but for the profits that accrue to them after midnight, when they are supposed to be closed for the niglit. Yes, this is :i fact, and a shameful fact; and how little there is done to lessen the evil. No zealous young minister is to be heard denouncing from the pulpit the blot, and recommending the young men and the hoary to resist the degrad ing influence, and by so doing fight truly under the banner of Christ. But what do we hear? Tlut the innocent pleasure of reading in the public libraries is a device of Satan to lessen the rest, and detract from the sanctity of Sunday. Is Sunday then to be spent in ennui or idleness, anil is that bug-bear, the working man, to have no mental recreation but the second hand pabu lum doled out in measured tones from self suliicient ministers, who go far through their ilictativeness to wean real lovers of Christ and His religion away from]the churches? It was t.rcr bo. Let clerical power gain strength, and the real liberty of the people is gone. You must do exactly as they say,or you are booked straight for perdition without hope. As for doing as some of them do, I should be very far from advising sucii a course, a witness the exhibition of electioneering tactics so boldly set forth in the Wesleyan Churches of the dis trict 011 last Sunuay. We are told that this hot headed and very injudicious disciple of the gentle shepherd of mankind is but young and inexperienced. So much the less should he meddle with what he evidently does not understand. Let him practice humi lity, and render unto Ciesar the things which are Ciesar'B, aud to God the things which are God's. In his present sphere one would think that the latter should be his first and only eare. The former can very well take care of itself without the interference of juve niles, who may forget'that the pulpit is intended for other and higher things than, cheap adver tising. It surely will be the drapers, and the butchers, aud bakers turn next, for are these not also supporters and pillara of the church ; and what more natural than that they should expect to profit also from such a paying and tel ling concern as pulpit oratory? One church will ilia into your ears the curious sophistry that it is the way, the truth and the life—you must come and cringe at its feet to approach the Divine Master, even at a second or third rate, when Ho Himself tells us to come to Him direct for He is ever willing to receive us such as we are. And what more God-honoring can it be than to devote some of tho day of rest to improving the mind, which lias an eternity before it ; and thousands can not find means in their narrow homes to thus improve and enlighten thcirunderstanding. Why should they be not allowed to find it in the elegaut spacious halls provided by a liberal and noble-spirited public? Order and decorum are enforced there by the very nature of the things there contained themselves, as tho silent sud peaceful desire of visitors only to bo en lightened, and if it be even only to be amused. Lniot the amusement purer and better than that found in the pot-house and other vile dens whose known existence are silently ignored by every power, civil and religious, whose voice and influence should never be, silent or unused while the evil abounded? Ministers of religion and those who have well-stocked libraries, with the hundreds that can command a plentiful supply of periodicals and current literature generally, must not forget the thousands who have no such golden opportunities to lounge away the blissful hours of rest in a comfortable or luxurious home, where seclusion can be had, ii not sweetness and light. But unhappily the good of the many is forgotten In the selfishness of the few, and tho dread of the enlightenment cf the masses, which is a holy horror to the majority of the saints in black, is a great stumbling block in tho way of the peaceful enjoyment of the seventh and holy day, whieli is too priceless a boon to mankind generally ever to lose its holy anil invigorating influence, let who will, with narrow prejudices aucl stale platitudes, urge loud and long to tho contrary. The churches need not suffer if they take the proper attitude, and give bread to those who Miter therein and not stones. Let thein show i>ith the higher life and the way to reach it. Let them above all avoid making a mockery of (ioil by holding Him up as a Bemi-monstor, pjssesiiug qualities so diamatrically opposed as might bo expected ia the character of the Merest human. The present municipal election campagin is one oi the most telling indications of tho times, ami circumstances that pitch-fork individuals hto notoriety, without much apology in that the possible requirements are totally or partly absent; yet there is a certain fitness in all this, which to say the least, is portentious, not of tho cilightenment of an enlightened age, but of fiat darker epoch when ignorance we are told was rampant, and illiberality was not an un known quantity. Well, I dare say we are hird to please, and difficult withal, since good anil true men in public capacities often fail to cmviiice us of their worth until the}' have shaken our dust oil' their feet, and literally t irned the palm of their hand to ua. We are sl\irtsi«htctl and gullible; hence the ease .vith which false coin is passed off onus, jintil exaspe ration compels us at length to nail it at once ami for ever. Which is which, and who is who ? are questions feebly asked, and more feebly answered by that wise shake of tho head, which means "I do really not know," but vou can con elude from the want of energy displayed in the shake, that your Mend means also " and I really <to not care." It is all characteristic of the age mv\ its incongruities, therefore let ns smoke our ealmnut in peace while t^.e j\;orl(l ;\vags on its loolish course, and struts their ibour on the stage of life in tragic or comic scones, for of such s the world made up. Shades of Liberalism (?); where will you con gregate now since the Bath Hotel has changed owners ? And not only that, but it shall know the venerable Crawford 110 more, not that he is not, but that his truly liberal soul has been so i etherealized by reason of the association with he M'Colls, Lees, etc., etc., that Uo having now I grown fut on the profits of intoxicants can eschew such unholy traffic to for evermore sing : the praises of the cold cool stream of that '"ythical grand " canawl." Remnants of de I'Mtodgveatness; howbittennustbeyonr thought such utter annihilation has overtaken the Peat and good cause. But why should the venerable Crawford be so ready to give up the ghost? Do not we all—his most amused fellow Athens—look forward to his wearing'at least the ffiayoral robes, with Dicky's son holding them °t> for want of a livelier occupation. Truly the '••epherd of this worthy flock has been sorely s'fickeu siuee his following have become so rapidly dispersed. The gallant Major has had J ^"[wkably good and long innings, but, alas, ?r the reverses of life, the Education Commis •"jou lias sadly bowled him out. Now, I think wt list simile capital, since the writer never S11\'a real good <rame of cricket. i * 'llV0 ^eBn f°rc0(i to sec some football ="~> and dont' they bawl, and roar and i™w'; I might have saul with truth they howl. . n°t the unkind thought suggest itself to ?n>of my readers to scan those lines. TToot , 'er3 are so full of the poetry of motion that ™ moat natural thing in the world, it seems to .I*'15 that their every act should command ' est verse possible when referring to ^lein ft»er° a rare opportunity presently, as s^as°n is about to commence, ancl persons 'CT ,V^'1 "le of poesy have but to visit reserve to bo inspired then there is to he particular about the metre, and „ ,or sense, have 110 cor.corn about that at \ °f "le sa|iie reason. •v" the gentle poet forget to immortalise .P-'lucul lake, whose green scum rises with J odor to blast the Knight that would not ^IC thing to purify it, and so rr':^Vevc1' aiul contagion to a minimum. At OV none can pass it but with "bated iS KCCPt indeed it be one of those wials who fortify themselves at the pul)s. before entering tlie gates. "Happy thought," it may be that, as usual, the last-named individuals are having their interests better looked after than the general citizen by leaving the pesti lence in existence. Now if we could only contrive to get a cold water councillor to live and move near this pellucid lake, the citizens might have some chance of redress, for a civic (lignatory could never, unfortified by stars or exes, be expected to wend his way beneath the kindly shade of those weeping willows. One wonders that those sweet green things have not died of malaria long ago. Thus do we ever find sweetness and light where least we expect it. 