''Fear God; Speak evil of none ; Stick to tlie Truth; and never be done." BRISBANE: SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1883. Billy Brookes on the Stump. THE morel hear "Liberal" political orations the more confused I become as to what are the real politics, of the posing orators-if they have any settled politics at all. Billy Brookes gave the Bris bane public an oration at the Albert Hall on Monday evening. If words mean anything, Billy Brookes is, on nearly all the essential points, diametrically op posed to Sam Griffith-the very man whom, I pre sume, he yet continues to recognise as his political leader. This, then, is the honest, conscientious poli tician; the man who brags that he belongs to an old fashioned school of honesty,'and is a staunch upholder pf morality and respectability in public men. This i6 the man who sacrifices everything to his convic tions, who proclaims from the housetop his immacu late purity and steadfastness to true principles. And yet, who follows a leader with whom he radically differs! Swelling like the fabled frog, Billy, on his low-down log, Puffs and strains with frenzied throe, Thinks himself a buffalo ; Loud proclaims, o'er land and sea " View an honest man in me ! " Then he lays 011 some more jam " See another one in Sam! On some pointB we diifer quite. But we both are, somehow, right Both deserve the wished-for laurel, Both are very, very moral. "When I disagree with Sam, Tou may guess the thing's a flam; Where Sam disagrees with me, Things are just as they should he!" Here are precepts truly j ammy. Sammy G. is never shammy; Likewise mind this maxim, will 'ee Billy B. is never.silly. It has become the custom of "Liberal" stump orators to treat Brisbane audiences As if they are Fools or children, instead of being sensible men, who can and do--form their own opinions> and are able to sift; out any grains of common-sense that may lie hidden in the overwhelming lot of unmitigated rot with which they are continually being treated. Billy Brookes, of course, faithfully observed these " Liberal" tactics. He started with rot, he followed up with rot, and he perorated in as genuine a brand of frothy rot as has ever been manufactured on a public platform.: Just listen to this statement, taken from the Courier's report . t lle^riotioec^ aaid was very quick to obsprve, that freedom of "'speech audition had ;been very much interfered with by the present Government. Won't anybody with half a grain of common-sense about him, when he hears that such a statement was anade without one supporting illustration being brought forward, admit that Billy wa-s revelling in rot ? : Does Billy imagine that his audience were a crowd of gaping boobies, who had known nothing of the events of the Jasl five years, and who would swallow any rubbish poured out to them ? I main tain that the statement was not only A bald Xiioj ljut tlie "Weakest of Rot. Can Billy Bi-ookes show me in any one way how the ' Government has interfered with freedom of speech and action ? Have they sharpened up the points of the (!Libel Law, so i^ td gaig the Press ? Is FIGABO's freedom of speech and action roped in ? Is the voice of, tlx© Brisbane' Telegraph muffled P Are there no ' Grooms and Thady O'Kanes in the land P> How a sane man can stand tip and state such a self-evi dent falsehood is beyond my simple comprehension. Nothing but legislation can curtail freedom of speech and action; and there has been no legislation on such matters. 1 ? Now, Puritanic Wil-Kc-am, Such, conduct shocking looks. What made you tell that awful cram, Oh, story-telling Brookes ?. : It iiint as if you can't surmise Where men go to who teli sttch lies. . You always boasted ycrii were truly And would be till you die-- * Th' uncompromising foe of Coolie; Yet here you love cool-lie! And think we'll b'liere it, willy mlly; Butyoudon't "have*'us that way, Billy! In order to further prove my statement that Billy Brookes estimated his audience as a collection of very inferior fools, let me quote More Wonderful Rot, and extract a meaning from it if possible. I find Billy starting with the statement that lie has long been dreaming and hankering after the joyful occa sion that should bring him face to face wjth bi3 con stituents, but tfcat now that he was before them he felt quite sorry for himself^ and embarrassed. He said But so many thiags had happened since [his visit up north] that he could wish himself anywhere than where he was. Why is this thus? Thou wert not alone in thy gentle wish, thou poor bleating lost sheep of the wilderneiss. But isn't this rot a trifle too mean for even an assemblage of idiots ? Again, what do you mean by the awful and melancholy mystery you speak of when you say: There also seemed to be a shadow cast over the people hj the present Government ? Sweet William, don't go off your "nan," Don't go clean mad, oh! For no clear-conscienced Puritan Is scared by shadow. You make our hair to stand on end You fairly stiffen 11s Ghosts in our nightly visions blend : What are you givin' us? The only shadow the people of this country can see is the dark prospect of a jelly-fish Ministry taking the place of the present spirited and far-seeing states men. The answer to Billy Brookes's statement about the spectral shadow he sees " over the people " is to be obtained by drawing attention to the I ,. . Present Prosperity of the Colony* If wealth and prosperity be shadows, then welcome shadows. The colony doesn't want aiiy " Liberal " sunlight, if that is to be like the " Liberal" sunlight of the past, noted chiefly by sluggishness of the national pulse, depression of the national tempera ment, clogging of the; wheels of commerce, scarcity of money, general want of work, and all-round hard uppishness. Queensland has had too severe a dose of that Griffith medicine to care about repeating it in a . hurry. Billy Brookes considers that the present Govern ment is " the most dangerous that has ever presided over the affairs of this colony." In order to support this belief of his, he raked up the Played-out Steel Rails Cry a dead-and-gone-scandal that has been thoroughly disproved time after time; a scandal that has been sifted to the bottom by malicious enemies; has been probed, and found foundationless, even by the astute arch-opponent, "special- pleading" Sam; and has been publicly adjudicated upon by high tribunals. Those tribunals have fully exonerated the Ministry, both individually and collectively. Such a rumpus was made about the scandal that the public began to believe that there was some truth in it; but the ghost (you see Billy's mind runs on shadows) has long since been effectually laid. Billy is not- the man who can ? Ressnrect a Spectre, of which the people were heartily sick long before its spectrality was proved. To attempt to revive such a worn-out, threadbare lie Is the Act of a Coward, a common slanderer, and is quite unworthy of a man who calls himself an honest politician. When politics are made tlie scheming handle To propagate the meanest, falsest scandal;:'?<. Metliinks it's time to prate less of the morals ; Of those withiu tlie Piiriiaiiieiit'rj corrals. , .How easy'tis to brag of one's own virtue, And deftly hide from public gaze, the dirt you 1 Besmirch your conscience with, in your iessay To grab the baubles, V Ppweri ^iace, and Pay 1" Billy Brookes become? ludicrous on the postal service question. He says that the action of the Government respecting this w calls for severe con demnation," and in the same breath he says that he will not deny that it had been of service. No wonder that.his statements were received with ironical cheers and laughter. He doesn't own up fully, however, and admit, as he might Have done, if he had squarely and comprehensively commented oh this matter, that we are now getting ^ Very much Superior Immigrants < by the mail steamers than we ever got by sailing vessels. Here, evidently, is one of those little ques tions upon which the serf. Billy differs with his chief, the "great and the good" Griffith. For is not Sam's best trump Immigration ? Is that not his one darling quack remedy for all the diseases the body politic is liable to ? Couldn't you imagine a Quack Sammy's' Chant? Some believe in Cockle's pillsj Some put faith in Holloway's Pills and ointment-"cure all ills Flesh is heir to," each one says. Do not heed the ravings blatant Of the fools who thuswise clack ; I have got a better patent Medicine than any quack. Immigration is myfad Cures diseases without stint; Never known to fail, my lad, From a club-foot to a squint! Never mind what'er the break v Diarrhoea or constipation, Kill, or cure, you, cannot talce Overdose of immigration! Such sentiments areall very fineforthe hawker of the quack medicine, but are not likely to make many con verts outside the " inner circle " of humbugs. Billy Brookes very carefully follows Sam Griffith's timid lead of Rest and'Caution in connection with the question of Land-Grant Rail ways. Like the astute beaver that builds his own dam, he provides for a day of trouble when he may need to " jump Jim Crow "by leaving a Loophole of Escape. He is not game to take a decided stand like men of backbone, such as M'llwraith and his crowd, do, but , Joins Shilly-shallying Sam, and pitifully shirks, the task of committing himself decidedly to the question. Hear his artful whine : ; He said it was just possible that the time would come when the application of that Bystem to Queensland would be wise. It is true that he added immediately that "lie never thought it would come, however j " but that rather improves the (to him) needed balance of the see- saw. When he wants to change his political con victions, he can simply turn round and say, "I always thought it possible such a time might come j it has come!" You see It gives Him a Oet-away, no matter what he says a>nd does in the future. Whatever ,sort of fate betide Escape will be on Billy's side. If, by-arid-bye, the public slant With favour to'ards this same Laud Grant, He'll say, " You fctiow I oiice suviMscd That some such schetnc must be devised I" He'll yell, should southern buster blow, " I always, always, did say, NO!" One begins clearly to see which way the cat jumps when Billy touches upon the vested rights of His new Friends, the Xandoorats* He is yfery certain of his opinions here. There is no shilly shallying. He thinks the vested rights of the less6$s should be respected. He says that the lands through which the line would pass axe leased until required for public 2>urposes, and admits that the phrase " public purposes " means, " the use of the plough." I agree with you there, William, aud now I want to turn your thoughts upon the corollary that should follow that admission were your political notions based on logical principles, or if you didn't think your audience such fools as to be unable to make logic for themselves. Fancy yourself a tiller of the soil, Billy. Fancy you were using the plough. Would you be lunatic enough to put the plough into country shut out from all markets ? If you did, what would you do with your produce F You are not such a lunatic as to be lieve that that "public purpose" which you call " the use of the plough," will arise any where until some meanB of communication with a market is pro vided. You are insulting the intelligence of your audience when you say that the cormorant pastoralists are to hold their huge areas at peppercorn rentals until a yeomanry shall establish itself upon an iso lated hemmed-in belt Of country. That would mean that the cormorants must hold it for ever. The sequence of events is plain. There must first be Communication with a Market for the farmer's produce; and then agriculture will foUow as a natural result. But you know that just as well as I do, cunning William. You knew it at the time you attempted to gull an audience, the most of whose members were probably More Intelligent titan Yourself. You also take a firm stand on the Coloured labour question--for a wonder. Your words are worth put ting on record in FIGARO, in order to see by the light of future events whether you can stick to any principle pertinaciously. Here they are: So that if the colony was driven to a dilemma-colou red labour or no sugar-he would not hesitate one single moment in saying "no sugar," (A Voice : " But how about Sammy?") I quote also the interjection that immediately succeeded this statement. It was so irresistibly natural. How can the utterer of such sentiments as you utter, and who, be it remembered, professes to be an honest politician, still recognise Sam Griffith as his political Leader ? Jellyfish Sam, who, in his Town Hall speech, said that he would Consider the question of employing Coolies on sugar planta tions 1 Celestial Sam, who added that of all coloured labour, he Gave the Preference to Chinese! " How about Sammy? " That is what the audience wanted to know and had a right to know. Billy didn't tell them, though, except that in his peroration, he (vide Courier) "commented on the adherence to moral principles "-he didn't say anything about Chinese tidherents-" shown by the leader of the oppo sition." How Billy, with his wild war-whoop, To pigtail-loving Sam con stoop, In Queensland's legislative forum, Is now the great pons asinomm That lengthens out one's sicklied muzzle, Should one esssay to solve th« puzzle Of where a politician's heart is, Or what- is now the state of parties. Billy Brookes would land shiploads of immigrants (so he says 5 though he doesn't believe in the immi gration of the postal service) en masse at the northern ports to work like niggers in a nigger's country. If Billy could only Let his Thoughts stray from Queen-street, or if he had not been so bigoted when he was up at; Mackay as to refuse to visit the sugar plantations, and see things for himself, because he had, " already made up his mind,'* he would be convinced of what is a patent fact to every one else who knows the north -viz., that no white man should be asked to work for ordinary wages in the canefields or scrub of the tropics. I have shown my readers in previous issues, that white men slave hard in the far north at in dependent individual " specs," but they are Taking it Out of Themselves on the off-chance of suddenly ; Making a Pile. God forbid that any white man should be made to Curtail his*I«ife for any sugar-planter, for. the small salary such planter could afford to give him. I wouldn't wish such dog's service to become the lot of my worst enemy. I wouldn't even like to see Billy Brookes working in a Northern Canebrako under a burning tropical sun, although I haven't the slightest doubt that, las a man of high and consistent principle, he wou!d be only too glad to personally exemplify his belief tjiat it is a feasible-nay, an ordinary- undertaking. I feel certain Billy would soon come tack with very changed opinions if he once dared put his inhuman advice to others to the test on himself. There is one safeguard in this matter No White Man would Work under the terms proposed. On second thoughts, per haps it would 'be as well if Billy Brookes did go up and work on a far north plantation for a while. It would kill him off quickly. But then he would have died as a martyr to his cause, and a vexed question would probably be settled for ever. Go, Billy! Let us see what's in you; Just liump thy blankets up the north In pride of European sinew, \- Go ,to the swelt'ring canebrakes forth. Some years of life there you can barter For meosley pay and constant feyer; But, Billy, you, will die a martyr Instead of living a deceiver! No, my self-deceiving Billy Brookes. The, true statesman-like policy to be adopted for Queensland is to open up the interior of the colony, and give our White Immigrants Elbow-room in the vast black-soil country of the'west, where the Climate is a White Man's Climate, and where Europeans can "speed the plough" so soon as ever a paternal Government shows them an easy access to a market for their produce. 