THE NOVELIST. THE LAST OF THE MONTE ZUMAS. A TALE OF LIFE'S SUNSHINE AND DEATH'S SHADOWS. [By Ben. Fbanklin Lanoford.1 CHAPTER HL KITAB-OOL-KISMUT. That evening, to my delight, the interest ing young widow appeared at dinner, radiant in smiles and beauty. Her conversation was brilliant, and she was animated without being demonstrative. She maintained an air of dignity even in the midst of her brilliant sallies, which gave her, in my eyeB, an \ additional charm. There was none of that abandon which but too often characterizes women of culture, taste, and refinement. 1 I took the opportunity of remarking, after | dinner, when we had all adjourned to the parlour or library, to remark, in the presence of my landlady, that now, as she, Mrs. B., was going to remain for some time, perhaps my' occupation of the bedroom might be in convenient. Should I change, I asked. "No, most decidedly not,'1 she said. "I have heard the saying about some man who was so great that it took two ships to carry him, but £ do not possibly see now I can sleep in two bedrooms, except I run back wards and forwards during the night. But," she added, "may it not be possible that the proximity of the drawing-room, and my rather late occupation of it at night, . „ , should be detrimental to your rest?" It was detrimental, indeed, hut I was not going to own it. I alwayB liked to retire early, at 10 if possible; ana so long as I could see the streak of light under the door, and knew that she was there, there could be no possibility of my sleeping, for very obvious reasons. However, that question was settled to our mutual satisfaction. I had to attend a meeting that night which would keep me till 11 o clock. The servants went to bed early, not very long after tea, in fact. My landlady herself invariably went to bed at 11, whether I were in or not; for I had a latchkey, and it was my wont, should I be after tbat hour, to lock the hali-door and put up the chain, as is the custom in many London houses. So I wished them good night, without waiting for tea, which used to be on the table at 9 o'clock, and proceeded to the city. I Bhould add that suppers I never indulged in, however late the hour might be. 1 was considerably after my time that night. The house was all silent, and taking off my boots as noiselessly as possible, I crept up as silently as a cat in ray slippers, shading the candle as I passed the drawing-room door, • but no streak of light was theie. I was very sleepy, and lost no time after I entered my bedroom in preparations for retiring. I put out the light, and looked to see whether there was any light in the drawing-room, but there was not the faintest gleam. Ah ! how I missed that thin, golden thread, which seemed destined to lead me to a labyrinth of love. A second Fair Rosamond's bower ! "Ah!" muttered I to myself, "she has retired early to-night," and was tabout to court slumber, when, like the student in Edgar A. Poe's "Raven," I was suddenly startled, for " I heard a rapping, As of some one gently tapping, tapping at my chamber door. Only this and nothing more." I sat up in bed and listened. Presently another bttle tap at the drawing-room door, and the Bweet little voice which I knew so well, called out very softly, " Mr. "Yes," I replied, as I jumped out in the dark and approached the door; " do you re quire anything ?" " Oh ! do excuse me; I heard you come in, and did not like to speak for a while. I hope 1 have not disturbed you." " Certainly not," I replied, rather puzzled, however, to know what was coming next. " Are you ill?" "No; but I generally leave my gas slightly turned on, but to-night, just before you came, I turned it off altogether ; I am in total dark ness, and- have not got a single match. Can you convey one to me ? I really require a light." " Wait a moment," I said, " and I will push some under the door." I groped and found the matches, which were wax "vestas," struck a light, lit my own candle, and then tried to push several under the door, but without efifcct; thebottomof the door touched the thick carpet, which had a sort of " pile," too closely, so I was about to give it up in despair when a thought struck me. " What a fcol I am," I said to her: " I never thought of the keyhole; now, catch them 1" " Oh f thank you." she said: " what clever fellow you are—clever enough for an engineer." " I am an engineer," I said; "that's -what I was in the East." " Indeed 1 You did not tell roe that: but I had all the talk to myself to-day. Your turn will come to-morrow—oh !"—she gave a little scream. " What's the matter?" I enquired. " Two of the matches have missed, and this nasty thing has burnt mv fingers! They bena up so that I can't strike them properly. What shall I do ?" "I've got it," I cried. "Now I'll show you some engineering skill if you will wait two or three minutes. But are you not cold ?" for it was the middle of October. "Oh. no : I have my clioga (Indian cloak) on. Shall I talk to you while you are engi- ' necring ?" " Do, by all means. If every engineer had the like comfort at his work engineering would be made easy." I had split a piece of an old bamboo cane, and tied a match to it with thread. I lit the match and uiit it through the key hole, hut in my nurry it was a failure. " Better luck next time," I said, as I pro ceeded to 'lash' another match to the stick: "I will be more deliberate this time." 1 was, and it was a success. She lit the a and then returned to the door. " Can I anything more?" I asked. No, thank you. I am much obliged, and sorry for troubling you. But would not this scene, or one like it, look well in a magazine under the heading of 'Conversations through a keyhole?" and she laughed at the conceit of the thing. " Good night!" " Wait a moment," I said. " I am afraid I shall not have the pleasure of seeing you all day to-morrow. I have to go to Brighton by sorry. Well, pood Diplit !" " Slay!" I Eairt ; "these matches have set 1 me thinking. What do you say to the pro verb, or ai)horisni, or whatever it is, which asserts that" matches are made in Heaven ?" " I have only to say that if they are any thing like the match I tried to light just now and burnt my fingers with, I would not give much for them. Now, good night, finally." " Good night!" I echoed, and thus ended that conversation through a keyhole. I did not go to Brighton that day. How little, indeed, do any of us know, how very few of us can surmise, what a day" may bring forth. Three words from the lips of one man can bring on a revolution which will cause thousands of slaughtered men to lie jn " one red burial blent." One word will cause a whole nation to rise in arms; and when the brescnt Emperor of Germany uttered at Ems, I think, the one single woid "mobilize," a Hundred thousand, nay, two hundred thousand, nay, much more, sprang forth like "Clan Alpine's warriors true, armed, like Minerva, cap-A-pie; and, beheld " Death rides upon the sulphury Siroc, Ited battle stamps his foot, and nations feel the shock!" Pretty much the same in households. One cold word will blight an entire family, and a few hours will bring death and desolation. " Big Ben" was booming forth the hour of twelve from tha cloektower of Westminster Palace when I put my latchkey in the door and entered. I locked the door very gently, and put up the chain without a Bound; then I crept up stairs softly, carrying even my slippers m my hand, and with only my socks on.; All was dark and silent in the drawing-room ; there was no streak of light under tfaatdoor; butunderher, Hanoo-Beltu's, bedroom-door there was a thin golden thread of light, and on the opposite wall of the cor ridor was another golden spot, shaped some thing like a dressed doll. This was the light through the.keyholc. I knew she slept with a light burning, so I could not tell now whether she was awake or asleep. I opened my room door, with the greatest caution, chuckling to myself at the surprise I would give them in the morning. The KUab-ool Kismvt was unfolding its leaves with a ven geance ; for I do not know what possessed me to lie down on the bed that night without j undressing, and there I lay " a-thynkynge." 3 kinking of my own hitherto lonely condi tion ; of the beauty, the brilliancy, the intel lectual fiower, the sound common-sense, the extensive knowledge of Hanoo-Beltu, the I last link in the long family chain of the Mon tczumas. My light was burning also. Was I indifferent to her? No; I could see that she held me in some estimation, even after a such a brief acquaintance. But 1 could also see that she cherished the memory of her 1 husband. She had shown me his picture, a j small oil painting executed by a well-known i American artist; and her own picture stood in the comer unpacked. It was a huge paint ing, in a heavy and richly gilt ana carved frame, fully seven feet high. She, dressed in a I closely fitting dark cnmBon velvet—"Im perial velvet, for was she not Royal ?—with a lace handkerchief thrown over her head and tied under her chin. The figure was as large as life, and the artist was a German one of note. Yes; she revered her husband's memory, and from his portrait, and her own enthusiastic description of him, I knew he bad been a man of no mean order (he had belonged to an ancient Scottish family), and for her sake I could not but respect his memory alBO, Well, it could not have been less than 2 o'clock ' when I beard a strange sound. It seemed like a wail of anguish. The nearest sound I ever heard to it was the "keening" of the ( female mourners in the mountains of Cork and Kerry. I, standing in the valley, the sounds descending from the mountain, softened by the distance, seemed inexpres sibly plaintive and musisal. That was the sound I now heard through vulgar walls apd doois. I started up, stood and listened, and again tlie mournful sound of wailing an guish reached my ears. Oh! gracious Heaven, it was from her room! I opened my door, and bounded unon the landing, and stood at her door. The thin golden streak of light was still under the door; the tiny golden doll was still on the opposite wall, like a very small ghost; and as I lis tened, my blood curdled in my veins, when I heard a voice—her voice, but weak and tremulous, calling— " Ob, God—I am dying!" " I atn here!" I cried, and I tried the handle of the door; alas, it was locked 1 I sped through the drawing-room, and reached the other coor of her room. Thank God, it was not locked. Had it been; I should have thrown all my weight against it. "lam coming! I cried again, as I rushed across the djhwing-room, and when I entered her bedroom, oh! what a scene met my eyes t The gas was turned on, not full power, but gave a subdued light, every object being visible. There she lay—my regal, my beautiful, my gifted, my whole-souled Hanoo-Beltu I She was lying just as I first sav her on the couch, her hands folded a la Croisie on her bosom; but, At de mi, Alhama, the rich, crimson blood, the royal blood of the Moute zumas, welling and bubbling from her beau tiful mouth ! Her eyeB were -fixed on me as I 1 entered—large, dark, full, round, and lus trous; I could read in them joy, hope, grati tude, and Badness all commingled. They had reminded me before of Lord Byron s description of a storm on the Lake of Genoa TUe sky is changed, and such a change! oh, Might, And clouds and darkness, ye are wondrous strong, And lorely in your strength, as is the light Of a dark eye in woman!" She tried to speak. " Do not attempt to say one word, I com mand you," I said gently. I then put my arm around ber, raised her up in a Bitting posture; but it took all the strength of my left arm to hold her, for her frame was per fectly limp, relaxed, and helpless. The blood was still coming up in gushes from her heart, rising and falling like some springs I have seen, acted upon by hidden subterranean agency; or, better still, like the rising and falling of the Maelstrom. By good fortune, the washing-stand was on my side of the bed, and by stretching my right hand around I managed, with great difficulty, to take the heavy jug out of it, which fell out of my band on the carpet; but I seized the baBin, and held it under her. The most violent part of the paroxysm now came on; before, the blood had been merely bubbling over her lips, and then subsiding, like the terrible lava in the crater of Mauna Loa in the Sand wich iBlandB; hut now, owing partly to change of position, and partly through mental influence on the body, it gushed forth in a stream, she breathing with great diffi culty. I had hurst a blood-vessel myself only eight or nine months before; and knew, by experience, something of it; but if I had not seen it with my own eyek, no one could have persuaded me that such a quantity could have come from such a little body. Her richly-worked dress was situ fttcd, and both my hands were occupied. There waB a larfe "towel ever the jug by chance, when it fell, and this had become well : saturated. I drew it towards me with my foot, for I dale not let go cither hand; then, when there was a slight cessation of tiie violent flow of blood, I placed the wet towel around her. It .was all J. could do. She gave a sigh of relief—and a look, oh! such a look. Love and thankfulness were predominant. I held her there for some time, my arm trembling with the weight, and, possibly,, the mental agitation. Then, when I perceived that the worst was ovei, 1 . laid her gently back, with the towel under her; removed the basin and whispered to her, " I am going into my room, and will be back in one moment." She gr?e me an ex pressive look, with, oh! such a sad, sad smile. 1 was back immediately with my own water jug, and a bottle of sodawater. I partly kaelt down and spoke to her. " Yon may speak now," I said, "but only in a whisper, mind. Are you thirsty?" " Oh ! very, very thirsty," she whispered. " I wish I had had some ice, but the worst is over now." "Alas!" I whispered, "there's no ice in October. Drink this." I'hcld her up again, and gave her the sodawater in a tumbler, whicb she drank eagerly. - " It is all I can do' for vou/' said I, endeavouring to smile. "It is very nice,"she said, "so nice and refreshing. I am safe now; had you not come I should have died." She drew my hand, which held the tumbler towards her, and before I knew what she was doing, kissed it! " It is my second attack," she con tinued. " I borst a blood-vessel more than a year ago, which nearly ended my life. It was caused by some terrible news. Do not be. alarmed"—for she felt my arm trembling. " Remove the towel," she said; " you need not fear now." ' I did so, and laid her down, slowly and carefully. " Now," said I, " had I uot better ring for the landlady ?" " Oh! no, no, no," she muttered. " Do uot leave me. Y'ou are here, and she could do me no good now." " Very well," I replied. " Remember I am present here as your physician." I then wet my own towel, whiehl had brought, and wiped' her face and neck carefully. As I wiped the dear little mouth, which had re cently undergone such a cruel ordeal, I longed to kiss it, but I did not; I only kissed her hand, and she smiled feebly, as I did so. Getting some thin muslin fabric of hers which I saw hanging near, I' spread it over her and under her chin, thus hidiug the marks of blood. 1 then sat down by her side, on a chair which I drew thither. " Give me your hand," she whispered. I did so, and tnus we remained, she clasping mine, and occasionally pressing it uncon sciously, it seemed to me. " Do you know," she said, still in a whisper, " that the words yon spoke yesterday at the foot of the stairs made a great impression on me ? I feel now the truth of them " Kttdb ool-Ki&mut; men irkdm hua luii." "It is written in the Book of Fate ! God bless you, dear. I am getting very sleepy." I knew she uttered the word " dear1 quite unconsciously. ■Scarcely had she spoken, when she was in a calm, peaceful slumber, still holding my band. I wanted to cover her hands and arms up, for it waB cold; but every time I at tempted to withdraw my hand I felt her press it convulsively even in her sleep, so that we remained until daybreak, she lying as white, from loss of blood, as the purest marble, and I tilled with conflicting emo tions, now of hope, and now of doubt. As the first gleams of the morning sun appeared, eke awoke, still holding my hand. She looked at the ceiling in a bewildered manner, then cast her eyes aiound the room, then at the window into which the sun waB shining, and then at me. She smiled—such a sweet smile. " YTou have been my guardian angel. Can I ever repay you ?" " I am a very rough one, then," I answered. " Besides, I never heard of guardian angels requiring any payments or repayments. I thought they only required"—here I stopped. "Required what? she asked. "Do tell me." But I hesitated. "Trust me," she said ; "tell me what guardian angels require in payment ?" " Only Christian, celestial love!" "Thank you. From my heart 1 thank you ! All true love is celestial and divine, be it Christian or heathen." I did not respond to this ; I only said— " May I go now and send up the old lady?" "You may. You want some rest; go and take it, and let mo see you in the drawing room after luncli." " You will not surely be able to" " Never fear; I will be there, if I have to be earned." I bent down involuntarily and kissed her hand. She pressed mine, repeating " Kis mutool-KUdu mtnlikha hai." " And now, au rtvoir until lunchand away I went, turn ing to kiss my band at the door. I then went downstairs, told the lady of the house all or nearly all that had occurred—told her that I should require no breakfast; and then went upstairs to bed. I 