BISHOP KENNION AT MOUNT GAMBIER. The Bight Rov, Dr. Konniou, Anglican Bishop' of Adelaide, who is uow on a tour through,tlie. South-Ecist, arrived at Mount Gambler onSatur>' day afternoon, He wna ncoompanied by Mrs, Kennion, tito Yen, Arohdeacon Farr, and the BeVi Mr, Bawstone, his chaplain, and the Heir.' Dr, Oraig, inoumbent of Christ Ohuroh, who went to renola to meet them and esoort them here. During their stay hero the Bishop and his wife were, the guests of the Boy. Dp, Oraig, On Sunday morning, as announced, tho Bishop conduotod a confirmation service In Christ) Ohuroh before a orowded congregation,. The candidates for, confirmation, 2/ in number,1 ontjered.the ohuroh shortly before li o'clock, and; 'were, placed in' pows in and near the choncol,: Thesefvioo began by Mrs, Oraig playing as a1 voluntary oil the-organ tho "Cujus Animam," from Bossini's "Stabat Mater." Dr. Oraig led the prayers,' and the! Archdeacon and Bev. Mr, Bawstone read the lessons. At the. close, of the ordinary. Morning Service the Confirmation Ser vice becan, The Bishop, before putting to tl}6 candidates the usual question prescribed by ,the service, briefly addressed ^hem. The quea^iqi) tbey would have to, answer' was one of great import ance, They were about to make a solemn reply in the presence of Almighty God, in the presen'ce of the congregation, and, as he trusted out of the very inner oonsoiouunea, of their own heart, they were about to say that they did'from their very heart mean to, follow ;tho Lord, JesuB Christ} put very plainly, by their qopftrmation thay were about to come forward-aa God re. quired from all His people not only the in ward belief of the heart but also the outward profession-they were coming forward to declare that the wish of their heart was to serve God, They were ooming forward to confirm them selves, to strengthen themselves in certain promises that had been binding upon them ever since baptism, Certain duties they wero renew ing their promise to perform, which duties were not new duties, but were equally binding on every person who claimed to DO a Christian in that onuroh; and they were coming that tbey might he confirmed in strength by God by the gift of his Holy Spirit, so that what they could not do hy their own strength they might bo en abled to perform in Qis; that tho blessing of God, whioh they all needod, that blessing of the abundant renewal of His Holy Spirit, would be, as it wore, appropriated to them in that solemn service, if thoy wore only in solemn earnest in seeking it. He said "iu solemn earnest" beoausa they might dopond upon it con firmation would work lio clmrm for tlinm . hnk i! tbey camo in the proper spirit they lmd a right to expect that God's blessing would be abundantly shed upon tbem, And it would be for eaoh one of them, Therefore the hand o! the Bishop was to be laid upon their heads, not beoauso of any virtue in tho hand of the Bishop, but bocause, coming aa chief pastor ofvtlie Ohuroh, he ap. propriated it to them personally, and enabled them to realise that God's blessings were not only for tho Church at large but for they who were brought into the Ohuroh ; that the gift of i the Holy Ghost was not merely for them; who 1 liyed on tho day of Pentecost, was not jnersry for tliose wbo'llvefl fiv^t fpr o$ age, and place, but continued to this very dav'j tnat God still continued to pour out His Holy Spirit on those who wanted it, on those who came to seek it; and tho laying of the hands of the Bishop upon their nead that day was a sign to them of the blessing wherpwith their Father in heaven was willing to biesa thera, if they wero la earnest in seeking that blessing, which He alone could give, After glanoing briefly at tho anoientness of the ouBtom of laying on hands, he said,it was a sign to be remembered by the recipients of'thi blessing it was intended to accompany, In the Epistle to the Hebrews the writer placed the laying on of hand# stop by ^dp with.popie, of thoj very elementary teachings of Christianity, as if tqr tell them that if th'oy wanted the blessing of God tiiey naa po.riguc to expect that it would be given tjiem, If tHe^'were oijly secret followers of Bint,' 'for'" of Jflrtf wh'd! was'Bshamed'oil Christ Jeaua before men would Ohrist be ashamed beforp H|s father and the holy angel?," He thought eyeiy pne pf therp whq rpraembere4 how much courage they all needed in following and serving Ohrist must rejoioe that tliero were those who oame forward to give themselves to God publicly in that solemn sorvloe of confirmation, beoause they were not only strengthening them selves to be aotive soldiers iu the army of Oliript, bfyt J?y tljofr example they were animating others »»d joining tjiojft 0[) tp oive themselves up, and were prepttrjug thpipseiveg for tyrthor action. And God would undoubtedly bless them with a large measure of Hid Holy Spirit, in which alone they oould live the life that God required them to live, a lifo of self- resignation, of faith, and of continued obedience to the whole will of ffod. Before putting his hands on them he hod trjed tp remind thor)) how God's blessing would be given to theiji if they we^p in earnest in seeking it and renewing their vows to God, They were eaoh of them saying that day-" I give my full allegiance to Jesus Ohrist, mid the Evil One shall not have dominion over mo, I will not allow the tempter to have pos session, of my heart. I will not allow impurity; I will not allow injustice : I will not allow unthankfulness | I will not allow deceit; I will not allow unfairness to others t 1 will uot allow unkindness | I will not allow irrevorence towards God, to have possession of my heart. My heart belongs to God, and all Iho time siuoe I have been baptised into God's family, has rightly belonged to Him ; aud if I have vand^r/jd away from Ilim I come back to Him now. I give my hpnrt t(q Thee, 0 God j I want to servo Thee, and I want .t'hy Spiflt to take possession of my heart, I will not allow tomptation to overcome me any longer, I will acknowledge that Thou, 0 blessed Jesus, ar.t my King ; I will serve Thee. I will acknowledge that Thou art ipy only Saviour, and I will trust Thee, I acknowledge Thee as my truest friend, and I give myself to Thee hepoeforllt aud for ever," God grant that they might be true to Him, for if they were He would be to them, At the olose of the address tlio Bishop asked the congregation to join with him for a few moments fit pflont prayer for God's blessing on those who were to bp confirmed. ThiB having been complied with, His I,ordsl)lp oonfirmed Iho candidates-18 girls and 0 lads. At the close of the Confirmation Service, The Bishop entered the pulpit, and proachcd from AotB ii, 42-" And they continued Bted fustly in the Apostles' dootrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread and in prayersor, as they wouio 1111a it tranoiRteo 111 tne ueviaod Yeralon - " Tliey continuod itedfa»tly,(n the apostles' teaching and fellowship, in the, break ing of biead and the prayers." 'The vdrao described tho spiritual life of those of whose wopd0?/iil conversion wo rend on the great day of Fenteuost, They were convinced by God s Holy Spirit of their need of yeppntape, and then asked the Apostles, " Men ana brethren, what shall we do?' And St. Peter's answer to them was a very simple one, Be did not tell them that they must -Simply have an excited frame of mind, which would there begin and possibly end there too. bat ho told them th&t; they were to repent of 'their sins, whioh meant a complete spiritual change, That was one thing ; and another was that they should be baptised for the Holy Ghost, Thus St. Peter told them what people wore too apt to forget, that when they were stirred iu their hearts by the reoollcotion of the grevious sins they had committed against God they had not only a duty to perform, but had also help to receive; a duty to perform in their relation to othor Christians, for what was the meaning of being baptised in tho name of Christ P It would be contrary to the whole teaohiug of Christ to say that when a man was baptised he was placed as an individual having A distinct relationship between God and his own soul, and nothing more. That was never contemplated by our Lord. Baptism was an entrance into r great society, the initiatory aot of entering into Jesus' Kingdom upon earth,, the boginning of a new life in that Kingdom, They would tee how it altered the wliole chari. urn w nnwi nrrnn .irnrwwnann-jMrcra- if l.lf W T^iTaWiMiMa actor of a man's idea of the help he was to got if ho realised tbo Lord Jesus as coming to found a great society, and into that society would have brought not merely those nmong whom IIo lived, who wero Jews, but that it was to be a society which was to extend throughout the whole world, and that so soon as any one, hearing of the namo of Jesus and what IIo had dono for his soul, was convinced of his need of such a Saviour, lie was to bccomo a member of that society, was to realieo ho was belonging no longer to himself but to that society of which God was tho Father and Jesus the King, and of whioh the nll- prevading and powerful principle would bo that of the Holy Ghost. The apostles told theao euquirer3 that they oould not undo tho past, they must repent of their sine and turn from every evil; and not only that, but must enter that society which Ohriat had founded by being baptised into Ilia name for tho remission of sina, and lead tho life that Ho had appointed. Therefore wo read in tho words of tlio text, "Thoy continued steadfastly in tbo apostles1 doctrine and fellow ship, and in breaking of bread and tho prayers." Every one of thorn, and especially those who wero just confirmed, should get hold of that thought. His mind if it was uot disciplined by a perpetual obedience to God, would eoonbegin to run riot, Emotional feelings, for instance, might vory soon pans away and leavo him no better than they found him. He had learned, and ho thanked God for it, that God was his loving Fathor; ho had learned, and ho thanked God for it, that Jesus Christ had died that his sins might be forgiven him ; ho had learned that God'B Holy Spirit had been given to His Church and was dwolling in tho members of Jesus Christ. Ho had learned this and believed it, and thanked God for it, But it was not enough toVget hold of this belief for a moment, to bo oonvinced/or a moment of sin, if presently when tho means by which they wero stirred had paesed away, they wero to settle down again upon tho lees, if there was to bo tho stagnant water whovo so lately there was tho running spriug, if there was to bo, as it wore, that crystallization of tho spiritual lifo, which was so different to tho char acter which God required of them. They could not do bettor than follow thoso of old of whom Gocl: "They continued steadfastly in tho apostles' dootrino .and fellowship, ai)d in the breaking of bread and" tho prayers." IIo hoped they would perpetually live tho life Gqd., .wapted thorn to live. It was re< markable to seo how somo people seemed to think that they could bo quite independent of,all means of grace, that they could lira a per. /eotljr free life, allowing their soul communion with God when they pleased, arid think them selves perfcotly independent of those means of help which God had provided. But there were some who wero so permeated by the Spirit of God that they had learned in some measure to bo discipline their souls that they would not suffer all the lofs that tho others did. But these some times suffered less, unless united as God intendod as a strong building of living souls, asa family of whioli God was tho Father, as au anny of which Christ; was the saving captain, as a society of (Which lie was the leader, Oluist moaut them in these capacities to ho standing shoulder to shoulder against evil, all helping one another forward in tho life Ho desired them to lead, Tho preaoher compared the marvellous life and spirit of tho Christians of old with tho listless sort of Ohristiauity of to-day, and condemned the purely Sunday religion of some people, whioli they seemed to beliovo would mako up the leeway they had mndo during tho preceding week of sin. These tilings should not bo, Why was it that go many lived suoh a life ?. Simply because thoy did hot realise that Christ had brought them into a great society in which every one of them was bound to be an honest, oaruost Botivo.mern* her, helping the others forward day by day, striving himself to do the work his Master'gave him to do, and failing in his duty if ho was not helping others as much aa ho was being helped by the love and grace of God. Thoy did not realize suffloiontly the fact that they were mem bers of a great body and that others wero suffer ing by their want of earnestness. Those earnest faithful followers of tho Lord Jesus in the first century wero men who "continued stedfastly in tho npoBtles1 doctrine and fellowship, in breakT ing of bread and the prayers," They were continually in tho temple, finding help there, although Christians. He counselled his hearers to be regular in their attendance at the house of God; and to attend it in tho right frame of mind, or they, oonld not expeot to servo God as those of old, "They were " fetedfast in tho breaking of bread.M 'Of 'all .tha solemn subinc.tn whip.li thn Now Testament- brought"' before them in fl'onngbtiOri with the mission of: our 'blesaed Lord 'there was none11 more solemn than Hia; institution of the Holy Communion; and yet how wi»b; it that while ne had no doubt the majority of peoplo in that church, aa in others, claimed t6 be servants of God, so many negleotfid (wch ft moat explioit command of Christ when He said, " TIiIb do in remombranco of me P" Ho would not ptay to ask whether they thought themselves unworthy, but he would point out that it was becauao of their uuworthi ijesfl they nppdpd Christ's help. There was not on'ei of them that dared say he was worthy of Ghript's, lovo. It could not be surely that they did pot think enough about it; but if it were, let him ask thorn that day to fix their minds oqpe ^ore on tlje dying love of Jesus and the wonderful redemption lie had worked out for, them,, ,Jn conclusion, ha counselled those who haa Just been confirmed to be regular in attend*, anpe,; at God's house and a^ tlio Holy Com tQUUiQI)* i . f ? ? ?' 11., ? i The Bishop was suffering ,/rora. a pevere cold in tho throat and spoke with difficulty, , , At the oloBe of the servioeHoly Communion' was administered. At bnlf-t>aat threo o'clock in- the afterribon thp Rl8h(jp;jireB<jhed in PiiurRh'of'tha Holy Grass,- Ho was assisted in the service by the Vicar, the Rev, Hartley Williams. The build ing was quite filled. The only "part of the service was the Litany, after which, Th<* Bishop announced as his textActs viii, 12 '-" Tilings couoerning the kingdom of God and tho naip of'Jpius Christ," When the early Olirjgiiany v*ni oyt to dp the great work that Qod guvp thpift tq do t|(ey found they- were con fronted with a power of evil siioh aa we at this day.oould hardly measure, not only were tho powers of tho world arrayed against'them, but undoubtedly the great enemy of souls was putting [forth his whole power at the time the Lord was manifested on earth, as he felt it was his special opportunity beforo men had learned that powor and holiness which e^me from tho teaching and work of the Saviour, but in meeting the kingdom of evil Ihosp who went forth to do tho Master's work wont forth with a power before which the other iwould shrivel away, They went forth in tho faith of three great facts,. First, thoy believod a fact about tho Father, They did not go about wondering as. many did now-a-duys and enquir ing whetherGod lived and preserved his creatures, They believed that He lived and worked and that Christ had worked out a redemption that nothing could take away from them. . Thoy wont forth firmly believing that they could look upon God us a reconciled Father, and .that wherever they went they would be eounted as Bis children ; that they were made to* belong to him. Tiip spcofjd fact, in the faith of which they went out, ai)4 which fqqk the greqtept possible hold of their minds, was a fapt about God the Son,. Some of them had followed Christ in His teaching and ministry upon the earth, had drank in the precious words which He had told them, nnd heard the new promises whioh He had made thorn, that wherevor two or tlirco were gathered together in JJis pomp there Ue would bp in the midst of them, and that whatever they would ask His father in His namo they would receive, And whon they were met by enemies they gathered "in prayer. Thoy did not go about attacking their enomios, they simply went about pjeadjng the naipo of their (/ord and Mastor, believing that whatever was sa{4 by them was heard by God the Father, and that whatever they asked tho Father in His name would be granted. Therefore they did not care what men said of them, believing in nn ever present Saviour, Aud>yet one fact morejiad firmly taken posses sion pfjlieir hearty 'i'Uw believed (tbat what ever 'tnp dj|))cijlfip8 ip wlilpj\ t|iey might be placed God would teaoh them' what to say. When -1 bey. were confronted by able foes they would be enabled to gainsay their adversaries as God would teaoh them what to say: that God would be in then), with them, God the Holy Ghost, Therefore, believing firmly in these grp^t fapts they went out far and wide and oarrled thd Mqatej-'a naeasage to baptize all nations iu the name of the father and qt the Bon and of the Holy Ghost. The work they had to,do brought to their miud three of the fundamental principles 'which must evor mark those who belonged to the Kingdom of God, When a little child was brought to the font to be baptized into God'a family and had alroady passed through the water of regeneration and the prayers had gone up that the Holy Spirit would fill it, their Church lovingly and wisely commanded those who would have its training to trajn it in the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Tan Oouiraandmoijts. Those words weie not chosen just at ehanca, as too many people ohose their principles, just because they hap ?pened to be convenient or agreeable to them selves. Those words meant soveral great principles. The first was that a principle awrklug the children of the Kingdom was faith. He had read of anlarwy iu full retreat in warfare, that In passing through a thick growth of underwood tha men lost sight of one another and their hearts wore terrified within them, and they knew Hot what they should each do | but m the? deployed again upon the plain, beyond tho tliiclc growth of wood, aa each now uaw his comrade at his pido, aa iu the diatanco ho could Beo llie long rnnlca of regiment after regiment marching in the same direction, a now hope and vigor seemed to animate tho wholo army, and it marchod forward to win a brilliant victory. I This was the mark of faith which should auimate tho Christian child and man and woman, Faith would bid them look off from thomaelvea to Him who waa invisible, would mako them look to the vast army of Christ's Church, that not only in ono place but all over the world were steadily setting their facea for ward and marching onward under thoir Leader ; onward against their foes, the world, the flesh, and the devil; onward because tho battle must be fought, and because victory was euro, aa the Master himself wag with the army. But some how _ they often thought that faith required nothing of'them hut that bond of union that' united them to God, But the faith that God required meant something more than that. Plainly tho Christian faith was concerned with their relation as men and women to one another, aa well aa to God, It reminded them that they had to stand shoulder to ahouldor togethor, and that if they were not doing their duty in that respect otiiora wera suffering from it; that tho army, of the Ghnreh was ever to be moving for* ward in ono body, having faith in their God, faith in that wondrous presenco that Ho had promised in the Church, when He had said that lie would bo with Ilia church to the end of ages; faith in that Holy Spirit that not only dwelt in the whole body, that not only circulated in the great building of His Church, which the Lord designed (but, alas, men had taken of tho 6 tone a thereof and built up temples for themselves, and lost the faith that Christ required), but in each member of it. But this was not the only mark-the child was also to be taught the Lord's Prayer, This meant another principle of Christian lifo. It was only a iruo life when it was one of hope, If people were always despairing, their Chrialianity could be of little worth. Hope, then, wes tho second great principle that should animate tho soldier of Christ, Tho world might seem as if it were draggiug hirn back, but he did not despair; Christ was.more powerful than the world. As tho anchor held the ship so did prayer seem to anchor him' closely to tho gates of heaven ; aud though difficulties and trials passed around him they did not bear him down, and Christ tho Author of hope was saving him from sin by hope; and the man of faith who dared to trust in God to answer prayer and tho man of hope who dared to send up a prayer to heaven would overoomo that sin that seemed so likely to over come him. The third injunction was that the eium should bo traiiied ia the Tea Command' meuts Once raoro tliia opsued out a principle to them, Nothing could bo harder than to keep that law of the Lord, But there was a power which enabled them to keep tho commandments, and seemed to trausform what aoemed impossible Into possibilities for them. That power was Lovo, which was tlio fulfilling of tho iaw. Ho filled their hearts with love to their gracious God, lovo for tho Father who would not that any ainglo ouo of His children should perish ; lovo that proceeded from the Cross of Jesus, where, with bleeding hands pud feet extended, Ho seemed to be calling upon them to forsako thoir sins and do His will; love in the ploading voico of that dovo-like Oomforter who pleaded within them, telling thorn of tho iovo of God. Aud who could resist such lovo as God liad shown to men P It was in lovo to liim that tboy would find they could alone keep tho oommaudmenU. Ilia comraandmeutB wero not grovious. Christ hud kept them, and had even added others to them, bidding them not only to lovo one another, hut to toko tho Holy Communion in retnembranoo of Him, If they loved Him they would find their true joy doing Ilia will ; learning to love one anothor moro and more, not arraying thoir own hearts against other*, especially beforo they knew about facts as to their opmiona, not beine roadv to projudgo tliem, but willing to see the good iu them, This must ever mark those who wero filled with the love of God. IIow coald thoy manifest that love P The key to it nil was con tained perhaps iu the closing words of tho text which were not only " things concerning the kingdom of God" but " tho name of Ohriafc," In that name they could bear much ; for that name they should be ready to boar everything ; in that name thoy had power to plead with their Father; in that name, that WHS in that character, thoy saw what thoy ought to bo ; thoy saw in that name their hope; and that namo their blessed Lord himself was willing to write on their hearts-His now best name of Lovo. The Bishop was to have preached in Christ Church again in the evening, but his cold was so severe that in order to be able to carry out his duties on Monday at Allnndalo and port Mao» Dounoll he deemed it necessary to rest. Tho Vcn, Archdeaoou Parr' preaohed in his stead on nblo sermon to tho young eonfhmeoa from I. Oorinthiaus Chap. 15, last verso, On Monday afternoon tho Bishop held ser vices at Allandalo and Port MaoDonuellv being assisted by tho Revs, Dr. Craig and Mr, Raw* stone, 