A HOSPITAL FOR CHILDREN. (Daily News.) THE steady roar of the tide goes on un- checked. Hurry and forces of man and horse go westward, but just out of the tide is a quiet square that might be miles away from the great thoroughfare, out of which we turn on our quest for the place whither we are bound. The square is very wintry. Indeed life, once a very real thing in these great houses that have had their day us fashionable residences, is as wintry as the outside world, and seems stationary for a while, are being engulphed altogether, and turned into warehouses and big shops should the tide ever run in their direction again, which, however, is not likely at present. There are no signs of life and all is very quiet, and we ring at one of the square, solid house doors with rather a sinking heart, for surely a ghost will open it, and we shall find ourselves ushered into the company of many others, resident there since the time of Good Queen Anne the date of whose reign is yet extant somewhere above our heads. But a cheerful little maiden answers our timid knock, and ushers us into a quiet parlour, where an honest faced lady, clad in a long black garment, welcomes us and leads the way upstairs. Here, in a big square room with window seats-whereon doubtless long-dead lovers have rested from the dance, and looked out perhaps on the square white with snow are rows upon rows of beds. There is nothing of the hospital look about the place, however; no long, whitewashed winds, each more cheerless than the last, but looking as it must have done in Queen Anne's time, though instead of red satin couches, with spindle legs-a spinner perhaps in one corner, and stiff embroidered screens dotted about-we find long iron couches, on each of which lies a child. The room is a room essentially, and a room in a home. Insensibly pity wells up in our hearts, for the children are all flat on their backs, and not one out of the number can put its foot to the ground; we think of some other children, restless creatures,- who are never quiet, even in their beds, who when awake rush hither and thither, and whose weekly attendance at church is a very penance, because of the enforced quietude and we look here naturally for impatience, teare, and querulous questionings of their fate ; but we find nothing of this, nothing but busy hands and cheerful faces, and a very natural amount of curiosity about us and the world from which we have just come ; a world that generally produces, marvellously enough for them, sponge cakes, or beads, or dolls spontaneously growing in that outer atmosphere, that exists for many of the children only in fancy. Some of them come from courts and alleys where their ailments are regarded im- patiently, where the aching little backs and the pain-tortured limbs have no couch softer than the cellar stones or the hard floor of the attic, where other healthier children swans, and their moan of pain is often silenced by an oath, or more sadly even by a blow. For how can the poor be aught but impatient with illness, particularly with such an illness as hip disease? Life is hard enough even when health abounds, and to have to provide for sickness is unen- durable, because of its impossibility. What wonder, therefore, that our sick children have cheerful faces ? though to us the divine patience of sick childhood can never be really cheerful, because of its deep appealing pathos. This hospital, so clean, so nice in every way-would that we could say so home- like is their idea of heaven. There is nothing but kindness here, and even does the doctor hurt-as hurt he must he has such kind words and such a skilful hand that the child almost forgets his name, because he knows it is all done to do him good. Some of the children are lovely and when we look at "Punch," with his beautiful curly head, and bright eyes, and noble brow, we think what some rich child- less people would give for a boy such as he is out, poor little soul, he has double hip joint and spine disease as well, and will most likely never again leave this quiet home except for the still quieter churchyard. He is a play-loving child, too, and has quite his own opinions on the merits of cake and cocoa for tea, and boldly proclaims us " a goose" because we declare cocoa is not our pet beverage and a very small amount of encouragement would result in a dangerous and irregular game of romps ; but this cannot be allowed, and a word from one of the nurses is quite sufficient to restore the brown head of curls to its place on the pillow, from whence he winks at us knowingly as we said good-bye. A slight disarrangement of the bed-clothes displays sundry complicated straps, and we are shown how the little creatures are kindly kept in the best position to enable them to have a chance of recovery, and though seldom really cured, there are often, remarkable results in the treatment the children receive in this charming house. " Granny," for instance, who announces her age as 7, but is gravely assured by the matron that she means 700, was brought to the hospital condemned to lose her legs, yet the doctors thought she could never stand the shock, for she was but a baby of 4, and weak and puny besides ; but now after three years of bed Granny has been drafted to the branch home at Bournemouth, with every hope that in a short time she will be able to get about on crutches, which indeed she may cast away in line and progress on the very logs once utterly condemned as most useless and dangerous possessions. Granny has without exception the most hideous and battered specimen of a doll in bed with her that ever one's eyes fell upon j but to Granny it is the embodi- ment of female grace and beauty, and is loved with a love that is most pathetic, for we can but think it is to her a species of reflex of her own battered little self, and that she gives to dolly some of the care and affection that is so lavishly bestowed on herself, and not even hearing of the attractions of a wonderful doll's house, given recently to the Bournemouth Branch, will induce Granny to leave her antiquated plaything behind her for she is sure it would cry drift" after her if she did. Indeed, Granny, though longing to [ see the sea and the beautiful pine woods about which other children returned there- from for further treatment have told her, is full of compunction. She cannot under- stand what her dear dear lady will do without her, and she holds the lady superintendent's black dress with one thin little claw of a hand and gazes at her as if she would rather see that kind and loving countenance than the broad blue Solent and the white and red cliffs of which she has heard so much. Even her bed receives a share of her sorrow, and having slept thereon for the most sentient part of her small life, she almost believes that neither bed nor ward can possibly exist at all once she has gone away from them. It is very pleasant to sit and talk to any one of these children. They are all so well mannered, and sweet-voiced, and boys and girls alike are all occupied with some sort of needlework. Here a roguish mite hides her work as the lady superintendent passes then beckons mysteriously to us, and under the bed- clothes displays a corner of a beautifully-worked case. That is being prepared as a profound surprise at Christmas for the lady superintendent, who, of course, knows nothing whatever about either the work or the necessary materials, and-will-be -most- profoundly surprised when the presentation is duly made. The big rooms are visited one after the other, and in sill are sweet and childish faces, all merry and happy even in the case of one dear little maiden, whose eyes were heavy with tears and sleepless nights ; but who, being promised she should sleep when it became dark, gave a ghost of a smile, and whispered couldn't it be made night at once 1 yet was quite contented to wait for tea-time, sure that after then she should have rest in sleep, When Christmas dawns in some house where death's hand has lain heavy during the past year, and taken away a child from the home, it were well if some child in the Hip Hos- pital in Queen-square could represent to the bereaved parents that child who left them early in the day. It were well these long dark evenings, for girls, tired out and bored to death by imaginary dulness, to gather in each other's houses, and organise working parties to make the smart little red jackets that cover so much pain and real fatigue and misery and well indeed for those who will step aside from the great hurry and rush of life, and who will go and see for themselves the beautiful patience, the pathetic calm suffering, of these poor little creatures, whose one happy time of life is spent in the hospital, where so much is done for them, and where money is just now needed badly. Those little children make us ashamed of our selfishness, and long to cause the stream of wealth to turn into Queen-square, and help the hos- pital on a prosperous voyage, even though it must rest quietly and peaceably doing its noble task, just out of the tide. 