A Noe CLun.-A meeting was held at Payton's Royal Hotel on Wednesday evening for the purpose of forming a new club in Goulburn. About thirty persons were present, who enrolled themselves; and on the motion of Mr. A. D. Badgery it was decided to call tho club the Union Club. Neatly furnished apartments have been rented from Mr. Payton for the use of the members. The rooms are part of Mr. Payten's new additions, and are strictly private. The following office- bearers were elected:-Presi dent, Mr. 8. Meyer; vice-presidents, Messrs. W. Davis and W. J. Bartlett; hen. secretary, Mr. J. J. Roberts; hon. treasurer, Mr. W. J. Bartlett; committee, Messrs. A. D. Badgery, J. Sands, J. Bond, and F. Lemm, with the hon. secretary and treasurer as ex-oflicio members. Mn, J. J. ROBEnTs, who has been for some time acting as assistant to Mr. Shepherd, honorary secre tary of the Goulburn Agricultural, Pastoral, and Horticultural Society, has resigned that position. PnECAoUioNS AoAI':;T Fini:.-Tho first case in which a person has been proceeded against under tie muniicipal by-laws was on Wednesday last. A heavy penalty was not asked for, and a fine of five Ehillings and costs was imposed. This no doubt is owing to the case having been the first brought before the court, though the by.law is one of long standing. Now that a commencement has been made, it is to be hoped that no future cases will be overlooked, as precautions against fire are as much needed here as in other towns. TnE ODDFELLOws' I ALL.-At a committee meet ing on Thursday evening it was announced that the gross takings at the late bazaar were £308 10/, a result which is considered highly satisfactory. A telegram was read from Mr. Gannon M.P. stating that he had succeeded in obtaining a license for the hall. This, it will be remembered, was previously refused on the ground that the colonial architect considered the roof of the ball was unsafe. A plan of the roof was prepared by Mr. Manfred, architect, and submitted to the colonial architect by Mr. Ganoon and Mr. T. Wilkie senior, the contractor for the building, and Mr. Barnett considering the build Ing safe, the license was granted. Tenders for seat Ing the hall were considered, when that of Messrs. T. Wilkio and Sons was accepted. Mr. H. Vincent Sof Sydney, stage mechanist, was communicated with and will arrive here to-day to arrange about fitting up the stage. The committee expect to have the hall ready for theatrical purposes in about two months. * Sr. SATIOua's CATHEDIeL, GOULDURN.-Tho font for the new cathedral is, like the pulpit recently described in our columns, a masterpiece of art. It was presented to the bishop for the cathedral by a friend in Staffordshire, the late John Marshall Esq.; and is made of Caen stone, supported by alabaster pillars, by the same celebrated sculptor, Mr. Boddis of Birmingham. It is a square, with canted angles. In each of these angles a niche is suni, containing statuettes of the four evangelists. The four sides of thowork are filled in with moulded panels, with sculp. tured groups-the first representing the baptism of our Lord; the second our Lord blessing little children ; the third the baptism of the Centurion; the fourth that of the Eunuch. Above tlhse panels and niches and around the basin are the words, " Baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and'of the Holy Ghost." The body of the font rests upon a richly.carved capital, supported .by a clustered shaft of polished alabaster. It looks magnificent, and is a worthy companion of the beautiful pulpit. The figures of tie four evangelists in the canted angles are placed alternately with the groups of tile baptisms, all separated from each other by well-carved pillars of Caen stono. The font will receive an ornamental cover of carved wood, suspended from above by a strong brass chain, boneath a polished brass dove. The artist has been very fortunate in findindg marble of tloe Eamo colour for all the polished shafts, and has been as conm plotuly successful in the execution of the font as he was in that of tle pulpit. CATHOLIC LiTrn:IAlY AHnoelATIONr.--Owing to tile preparations for the late dramatic entertainment, no regular meeting of this society has been hold for some time back. Thursday (veoning being the first, some old members attended, the president (Mr. J. A. Williams) presiding. The nominations of six members were accepted, and other matters dealt 'with. Tie chairman informed the meombers of tie appointment of tile lov. Father Troney na chaplain, the oIev Father Carr, through the prossure of fllicial duties, being unable to attend regularly ; whereupon Mr. J. A. Bourko (vioe-prosident) moved a resolution convoying the thanks of tile members to Father Oarr for his sorvices nsd for Iis socess, which was 'unanimously adopted. A programme of readings and recitations was thlon gono through. The read. ing of the Sorntinoer-thlo society's journal--takes place next Thursday evening. Another ontortnin. ment Is in preparation for next month, MoLLAN'B COMIc OrEnRA COMPANY Op0en to.night for a short season at the mcolleihio' institute, with a piece entitled the Stratotist, whiah from the great run it experienced in Sydney and Melbourne should prove excessively entertaining. 00o0K-FIoHTINo.-0oonourrently with the revival, Sunder the thin disguiso of "glove-contests," of tie prize ring, the brutal sport of cook- fighting has been graidually coming into vogue ill various quartorn. SWe have heard that the " talent" of this city have fur some time boon anticipating the fighting of a main at somo convenient cpot on tie railway line- say Marulan or Broadalbano; and it would appear that tho roooe t case of fowl-stealing, for Which two Smaon have this week received cach a nontonco of four teen days in jail, arose, not from the ordinary motivo Sfor plundering a hou-roost, but from a desire to be. comn posonasors of two gamoa-cochs, one at Stevon. soel's and the other at Pratt's, which lhad acquired some celebrity for their fighting qualitien, with a view to matching them at the proposed main. Soino persons have an idea that it is a kind of pardonable trickf rather than la felony to approprlato a gaine. coclk for solia a purposo; but they may be warned by tho result in till oaseo that tieo law takoel no account of these nice distinotions. MIfoelAHIro ' INBTITUur IIAL,.-Thlo Loyal Argylo Lodge of OddfollowsI will hold a ball il thle hll of thle moollhanio' instituto on Friday, the 2lthl inntant, which promieos to be of a very euccessfuIl nature. STheo Rv. Father Wailsli las taken the hall for ono woolc for the purpoos of holding a bazaar, coin. monolng'on the lith October, STho will of the late Sir John O'Shnanssy hau been rxoved at betwcasC -a.o0,000 and .£00,000. 