HOW THE CZAR IS CROWNED. Alexander III. was jcrowned in Moscow on Sunday la«t. . As the coronation it one of the most brilliant ceremonies in the world, a description of it £from a Russian source) maybe read with interest. The grekt ceremony '• iias always been performed in the Church of the Holy Assumption, within tbe walls of tbe Kremlin, at tbe ancient town of Moscow. Arriving at the Church, the Czar and his wife - are shown to ordinary thrones bear those of the bishops, and the special service immediately begins. * jAfter the first lesson is read, the Metropolitan conduct the Emperor and -Empress to a.canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroidered in gold, tbe principal figure being tbe double-headed Russian eagle. Under this canopy is an elevated'.platform, upon which are the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomague and an ordinary arm-chair for tbe Empress, also a table, upon which are the sceptre and crown of Constantinus Monomacbus, a sword and a mantle of erinine. Tbe hobles now advance from the south of tlie Cathedral, and surrounding the pIatform: draw their swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Bishop of Kazan then.asks the Emperor in a loud voice if he is a'true believer, to which he replies hy reading the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of tbe Greek Chnrcb. The Bishop next says:—If there be any of you here present knowing any impediment for which Alexander, son of Alexander (or other name), should not be crowned, by the grace of God, Emperor and autocrat of all thp RusBias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of'Vladimir, of Novgorod; Czar of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, of Siberia, of Kherson-Taurida, of Grousi; Gosodar of Pskoff; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lithuania, of Yolhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland ; Prince of Esthonia, of Livonia, of Courland, of Semigalia, of the Samovedes, of Bielostok, of Corelia of Foer, of Ingor of Perm, of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries ; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Countries in Novgorod, of Tchernigoff, of Riazan, of Polotsk, of Rostoff, of Jarosl&b;, of Bielosersk, of Odourk, of Obdorsk, of Kondisk, of Vitelsk, of Msttilaff, and of all the countries of the Nerth ; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kastalnisk, of Kabardinsk, and of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Princes of Tekerkask ; Master of Turkestan, Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Sleswick-Holstein of Stormarne, of Ditbmarse, and of Oldenburg, let him come forward now, in the name of tbe Holy Trinity, and show what (he impediment is or let him remain dumb for jejrer I This is re- peated three times, and upon! no objection being raised be lays his band upon the bead of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of fhe ermine from the table, and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying, " Cover and protect thy people as this robe covers and protects thee;" the Emperor replying, " I will, I will, I will, God helping," and kissing the prelate's hand. The Bishop of Novgorod now places the sceptre u in tbe Czar's band, saying, May thine bend which holds this wither the day thou art unjust;" the answer being, " Be it so;" after which the Bishop of Kieff places the crown upon the Emperor's head. At this point the [Empress kneels beside ber husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine, and aiso holds bis erown above her head a few seconds, without, however, placing it upon her headw The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for several minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instant they rise to their foet bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy, and all present kneel to them, shouting " Long live the Czar 1" The cry is taken up by the hundreds of thousands who are outside, the heralds sound their trumpets, guns are fired, and bells are. rung. The Czar commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by the nobles who receive their swords back from the Imperial hands, the Emperor saying, '" It is thy country's," to which tbe noble replies, " and my Czar's." • Mass is, again resumed, and tbe Emperor proceeds alone to tbe altar, passing through tbe Goldeu Gates of tbe Iconostasini, which are closed behind him, thus biding him from view. Here, after partaking of the Holy Communion, the Metropolitan of iMoscow anoints head, temples, eyelids, lips, nostrils, eaTS, breast, anh hands, saying, " Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost; may it keep thee ever holy." The Gates of the Iconostasini are reopened, the Czsr appears before them, and is bailed with shouts of " Tbpu art verily by tbe Lord anointed." The Empress advances to tbe sanctuary and kneels to ber l^>rd, who bids her rise, and they walk out of tbe cathedral arm in arm. At tbe door -is a gilded chariot drawn hy 12 white horses, into which they enter, the princes, other members of the Imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, &c.;, entering other State chariots. The procession again forms as it did on approaching tbe Kremlin, and with its new additions moves slowly through the gaily decorated town. According to an old eustom, the Czar's carriage, instead of being guarded by troops, is surrounded by 100 maidens belonging to tbe best Russian families, all dressed in white and holiday garlands of flower?. Court balls and receptions I e^in in the evening and last for a fortnight, after which the Court returns to St. Petersburg. 