DONAL GRANT. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Aunior. of aiieo 1'oRnits, Maloolh, &o.;, &o.; Chapter XXXI. One stormy night in the month of March, wliou a bitter east wind was blowing, Donal, seated at'the plain deal'table which he had got Mrs. Brookes to find for him in tho house, 'that ho might use it as he pleased, regardless of the overflow of ink or other possible injury, was drawing upon it a diagram, in tho hope of find ing a simplification of som.c geometrical diffi culty for Davie, when a sudden sense of cold made him cast a glance at his fire. Ho had been aware that it was sinking, but, delaying because there was no fuel in the room, had, in the absorption of his work, forgotten it. It was now very low, and he must go at once upon the roof to fetch from his store both wood and coal. In certain directions of tho wind this was a rather ticklish task; but ho had taken the precaution of putting up hero and there a handnil of rope. He closed the door behind him to keep in what warmth ho might, and ascending thu stairs to another door a" tew feet higher, stepped out on the flat that ran along the thickness of the wall, with tho roof on ono side and a small parapet on the other, and stood for a moment to look around him. It was a moonlit night, so far as the clouds, blown in hugo and almost continuous masses over the heavens, would permit the light of tho moon to issue. The roaring of the sea came like a low rolling mist across the flats. The air gloomed ami darkened and lightened again around him as tho folds of tho cloud-blanket overhead were torn or dropped trailing or gathered again in the arms of the hurrying wind. As lie stood, the' wind seemed suddenly to clinngo, nnd tako a toucli of Bouth in its blowing. The same instant came to his ear a loud wail of the ghost-music haunting the house. There was. in it the ery of a discord, mingling witli a wild rolling change of harmonies. He stood " like ono forbid," and listened with all his power. It came again, and again, and more continu- : ously than he had ever heard it before. Now : there was indeed some chance of following tho sound, lie thought — hunting it with the ear 1 As a gaze hound with liis eyes, and a sleuth hound with his nose, he stood ready to start hunting with his listing listening ear. And now lie came almost to the conclusion that the seeming reproach and recession of the sounds was occasionod only by ohange3 in their strength, not by any alteration of the position of their source. Had Donal ever in his life heard au icolian harp, he would havo thought of it now. " Surely it must be something ou the roof 1" lie said, and throwing down the pail he hud brought for liis fuol, and forgetting the dying firc.-in bis room, he got down on his hands and knees, first to escapo the wind in his ears, and next to diminish its hold on his person, he crept away over roof after roof like a cat, stopping .evory moment a now gush of the sound came, to determine what direction it was from, and then starting once moro in tho chaso of it. Upon a great gathering of roofs like those of the castle, erected at various times on various levels, ami witli all kinds of architectural accommodations of ono part to another, sonnd -wonld be constantly de flected. .and there would be as many difficulties in tracing the sound as inside the house. But ho .persevered, awaro of neither cold nor danger, as ho crept now up, now down, now over flat leads, now over sloping slatos or great roofing stones, now along low parapots, and now ronnd ticklish corners, following the sound over, as a cat might a flit ting unconscious bird. When tho sound ceased lie would keep slowly 011 — his beat movement was but Blow — in tho direction he bad last chosen. Sometimes, when the moon was moro profoundly obscured, lie had to stop altogether where he was, unable to get a peep oi his course beyond. At one such moment, when it bocamo all bnt quite dark, and the sound had not come for a time, ho had to stop in a half crouching position upon a high pitched roof of great slabs, his fingers clutched around edges of tho stones, and his moun taineering habits standing him in good stead, but protected a little from tho full force of tho blaat by a hugo stack of chimneys that rose to windward of him. While he clung thus and waited, once moro, louder than ho had yet hoard it, almost, it seemed, in his very ear, . arose the musioal, ghost cry— the cry this time almost as of a soul in torture. The moon camo out aa at tile call to sco — but there was nothing for Donal to see— nothing to sug gest a possible origin of the sound. As if dis appointed, tho moon instantly withdrew, tho darkness ngain fell, and tho wiud rushed upon him stronger than ever. With that came tho keen slanting rain, attackiug him as if with ficrco intent of protecting the secret, and plainly there was little chance of success that night. Ho must put off tho hunt till daylight. If there was any matorial factor in tho sound ho mast be better able to discover it in tho daylight. By the great chimney stack he oonld Published by special arraegomoals with tho author All rights reserved. identify tho spot where ho had boon nearest to | it. There remained for tho present but tlio . task, perhaps a diffioult one, of finding his j way back to his tower. | And difficult it was — considerably morO difficult than ho had anticipated. Ho had not an idea in which direction bis tower lay — had not even an idea left of tho traok, if track it could be called, by whiok ho had comc. One tiling only was clear — it was somewhere olso than where ho was. Ho. loft tho place, there fore, and, like any other honest pilgrim who knows ho must go somewhere else, began liis wandering-. But on his backward way ho seemed to bo for more obstructed than on his way thither. Again and ngain ho could get no further in the direction lie was trying ; again and again lie had to turn and try another way. It was half an lionr at least bo- fore ho come to a spot which lio know. But by this timo with the rain the wind had fallen, and he was in less difficulty. He caught at length tiie outline of one of tho sheds in which layhis stores, and from that his way was plain. He danght up his pail, filled it hurriedly with coal and wood, and hastened to his uest as fast as rather stiffened joints would carry liim, though with little hope indeed of finding his fire still in life and capable of recovery. ' But when he stepped from tho roof onrto tho stair, and had gouo down a few steps, a strange sight indeed was there waiting him. Below him on the Btnir, jnst outside bis door, with a smalt dim wax taper in its hand, stood I the form of n woman. Plainly from the posi tion of her hand nnd her head sho had just knocked, and was hearkening for an answer. 1 So intent was she, and so lond still was the wind among the roofs that she did not hear Donal's step abovolier. For tho first moment ho was afraid to speak lest he should startle 'her — whoever it was, witli a voice from an un expected quarter ; but presently tho figure knocked again, nnd then lie felt ho must speak; his voice would startle less than his approaoli from behind her. Ho made, howevor, a pnr- donablo attempt at ventriloquy, Baying witli a voice intended to sound further away than it was, " Come in." The hand sought a handle, searched and found tile latch, and opened the door. As slio did so, the light fell on her face, nnd Donal saw it was Lady Arctura. Then ho Bpoke. " I will be with you immediately, my lady," ho said, and, descending, entered the room aftor her — a pleasant object to behold after his crawling excursion iu wiud and rain on the roof. She started a little at iiearing tho voice be hind her, and turning gazed on' him with a slight shadow of dismay. / Duual wns moro like a sweep returning from his work than a tutor in a lord's castle, and he bore in liis hand a pailful of coals. Catching at once the meaning of "her look, he made haste to explain, though in truth he liad more canso to bo surprised at her presence than she at his appearance. "I have been out on tho roof for the lost hour and a half," ho said. " What were yon doing there, "if I may ask f" she said, witli a strange mingling of ex pressions on her countenance, "and in snch a night? I "I hoard the music, my lady — tlio ghost 1, music, you know,, that they say haunts the, castle, and " " I beard it, too," she said, almost under har . breath, .and with a look almost of terror. "I havo often heard it before, but I think ncvor so loud as to-night. Have you any idea about it, Mr. Grant?' " None whatever, except that I am now nearly sure the source of it is somewhere about the roof." "I should be very glad if you could clear up tho mystery." " I havo some hope of doing so. But yon arc not frightened, my iady ?" he asked, seeing her catching hold of the back of a chair, as if ready to sink. " Do sit down," ho continued, placing a chair for her, " I will get yon some water." No, no; I sliall'be all right in a moment," she answered. " Your stair lioa taken my breath away, and then my unclo is in such a strange condition. That is why I came to, you;" "You need hardly bo much disturbed by that, for you must have often seen him so be fore." "Yes — but never as to- night." " I have already seen him more than once in tho strangest condition for a man in his senses." " But is he in his senses ?" " At times not, I' suppose." " Would you como with mo?" ' Anywhere." " Come, then," she said, and leaving the room led the way, by the light of lier little taper, down the stair. About half-way sho stopped at a door, and turning said, with a smile like that of a child — and porbnpa tho first untroubled look Donald bad yet seen upon her face — "How delightful it is to be freo 'from fear 1 I am not tho least afraid now I yon are witli mo !" "That mokes mo very glad," said Donal, " I should like to kill fear — only by killing Wrong though ; fcar is but the shadow that always follows at tho heels of Wrong. By the way, do you think tho mnsic has anything to do with your uncle's condition ?" " I do not know ; Thavo sometimes thought it had. But it is difficult to bo sure about anything." Sho turned again hastily, and entering a part of the castlo with which Donal had no acquaintance, led liirn, after many bewilder ing turns, on to tho great staircase, down which alio continued lier courso. Donal bean to , wonder what time of the night it could bo, the house was all so still, nobody Beemcd awake in it. But there were, as I have said, comparatively so few servants for tho size of it, that the same might havo been at any hour almost. She wont very fast and lightly down the stair, and for a moment Donal almost lost sight of her in tlio great curve. Presently, however, he overtook her, and, laying bis hand on her arm, said in a half whisper, " Pardon me, my lady, but tell me first what you want mo to do, that I may bo pre pared, "Nothing, nothing. Only como and see. He will not see you," Without another word Donal again followed her. She led him to tho room oh tho stair, where first he had seou tho earl. There was no light in it. Across tho near end of it she led him, as ho had himself gono onco before, through a door, round the edgo of its back wall under tlio ascending spiral of tho stair, and into, tho little chamber behind, whioh seemed a cut off and forgotten corner, Aa be entered it ho heard for ono moment tho mur muring of a voice, ho thought, but immediately it was gono and the doepoat silence tilled the world. One step wittiin tlio door Arctura stood still, turned her -hoad towards Donal ftud held high tlio taper. But sho looked only at Donal, and not in tho direction she wanted litin to look. The ieeblo light fell on tlio form of the carl. A email box stood against tho foot of the wall opposite the door on tho box, in a long dressing gown of a rich faded stuff, tlio silk and gold iu which shone ill tho dim light, stood, the tall meagre iorin with its back to tho door, its face to the wall' close to it, immovable, and its arms and bands stretched out 011 tho wall, like ono on the cross, lio stood without shifting or movin» a muscle or uttering a sound. What could it mean '! Donal gazed in a blank dismay. Not a miuuto passed, but he thought it a loug and paiutul time, whon tile murinqring came a"ain. Donal listened ns to a voice from another world — a thing terrible to those whoso lear dwells in another world. But this to Donal was terrible as no voice from tho world oi the departed could havo been ; this was a voice from a world of sin and suffering— a world the negation ol tho eternal, a world of darkness aud the shadow of death. Yet surely there was some hope even in the form in which tlio indwelling dosDair made itself audible. The words were these ; Donal could not help afterwards doubting whether he had indeed heard them : i "And wo indeed justly ; for we receive the due reward of our deeds ; but this man hath done nothing amiss 1" ! Silence again fell, bat the form did not move, and still the. two Btood regarding him. | From far away camo the sound of tho ghost music. The head against the wall began to move ns if waking from sleep. Tho hands sank along the wall and fell by his sides, The earl gavo a deep sigh, and stood leaning his forehead against the wall. Donal touched Lady Arctura and said with his eyes, " Had wo not better go V He will presently look round." blie signified assent, and < they turned softly : and left the room, JLady Arctura still leading, .She went straight on to the library, its dark oak cases and old bindings were hardly able to refleot a ray of tho poor taper. sho I .carried, but the fire was not quite out. She aet;down the light, turned towards Donal, and looked at him in silence. " What -docs it all mean?" he Baid in a jhoaisoxvhisper. " " God knows," she returned solemnly, but i with less emotion than Donal would have ex- ' pectcd. "Are we eafo?" he asked. "How can you ! tell ho will nut-oonio liereV" | "I do not think he will. I have seen him I in many parts of-the house, .but never here." ' As she spoko -the -door Bwung noiselessly \- open, nnd the carl entered. His face was \ ghastly pale.; liis eyes were wide open, and he ' came straight towards them. But he did not ; see them; or if he did, lie saw them but as ! phantoms of 'the dream in whioh lie was walk- ing — phaniouis which .had not yet become active in his imagination. He drew a chair to the embers of the fire, to his fancy, I believe, a great and comfortable blaze, sal for a moment or two looking iuto thorn, then rose, and goieg to a distant part of the room took dowa a book from a elielf, returned with it to the fire, drew towards'liim ' Arctura'a tiny taper, opened the book, and' begauto-read bran audible murmur. And this is as near as Donal, trying afterwards to recall and set it down, could como to what he said: ' In tho heart of the dank earth-cave Lay ths'lung. In the marble dome of tho church so bravo The hugo bells ring. . ' Said the worm at his side, King-fool, ' Turn to tiiy bride, . rFortbo-night.iseool. ; IVouldst tlioulio llkua stone till iho sightless mora One oi the dark' bo born t The king throngh tho night enorm Heard tho'voico of thwwonn, Liko tho sound of a muttered thunder tow In tho realms whore no foot go. And he said, 1 will rise, And will myself glad ; 1 will- open my. eyes, Aud no more, bo sad. For who is a god Hut him who can spring Up frotn.lhosod. And bo- his own king I I will fashion my gladness Dig my own despair, And fur goodness or badness— iOh 1 folly 'sown care I— IVhilo I am content, Tho world shall spin round Till ltwforco beoulspent, -And it drop . Liko a top- Atop spun by a boy, 'Into tho old profound- While Islt hi inytont, - . Bit without sound : Still toss up. my world, See It burst and be drownod In the blackness wpeurlcd From tho deep hell-ground. The dreams of a god arolho worlds .of hid llavesl I will he my own god, And rulo my own knavos. | The reading went on and on in this way for minutes, then the rliymoe beoame less ,perfeot, and then it sank into moasured prose, Au the time tho tone of tho speaker. showed plainly enough ho took tlio Btuff for genuino poetry. Nay, moro ; Bomekow.lio seemed to tako it a presenting an essential verity of the form an matorial at least of his consciousness. Use would have thought that tho worm might again have had a word to any to tlio buried dreamer, but no ; tlio worm had vanished, and t o dreamer had made himsolf a god— his own go Donal ventured after a while to steal so y near, and pcop over his shoulder at tho boo , it wns tlio it ovum Organwn. , With a mutual glance tho two stole out 01 tlio room, and left tlio droamor to his are " Do yon think," said Donal, ' I oug tell Simmons? Ho must know more about his master than nnyono else I" , " It would be hotter. You know where to find him ?" " I do not." . ._ 1.1, " I will show you a boll that nngs room. Ho will think liis lordship has rung «. and will look for liim till ho finds him. , Tlicy went nnd rung tho bell, aud soon 1 the steps of tho faithful Bcrvnnt seoUith, master. Then thoy bade each other B night, and parted. 