The Advertiser TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1883. THE nuisance from Burford's soap factory is remarkable, not simply from its ex-<*> tremely offensive character, but on ac-<*> count of the fact that it should be allowed to exist so long in a city like this. Hero we liave a full-blown corporation, mayor, aldermen, and councillors, with a town clerk, medical health officer and inspec tors of nuisances, while the City Council itaelf ia a board of health for the city, and yet a nuisance that nukes existence in a considerable portion of Adelaide unbear able has lieen allowed to continue un checked week after week and mouth after month. The stench from this establish ment has been so dreadful that residents in the nright>urhood liave been compelled to deny themselves house ventilation, so necessary to health and comfort, and hav<.< closed up doors and windows and every air hole. They liave been afflicted with nausea ; aome.have lost their appetite*; others have suffered from sore throats and other forms of sickness; property has depreciated ; landlords hare lost their tenants, and have empty houses <*>n their hinds, and all this because the proprietors of a soap factory cannot manage it without r>ois,-;n iog the atmosphere and making the vicinity of their establishment for a radius of a quarter of a mile unlit to live in. The citizens have protested, memorial ised, written to the newspapers, but all tr> no purpose : till at last, after the meeting held in the schoolroom of the Draper Memorial Church, and a deputa tion of ladies and treutlemen to the City Council, the authorities have resolved t > take decisive action, and it is to l>e hoped the plague will be stayed. Whether such trades as the manufacture of soap and candles should be allowed to be carried on iua city at all is a question on which there ia some difference ef opinion, hut at least the manufacturers should be required si to conduct them that they shall u>>t be a nuisance to the citizens. In connection with Burfonls factory it is curious that tho neighbors object to it being connected with the main sewer, and state that the annoyance has been much givati-r since this connection has been effected. Most people will agree that the drainage from the factory complained of must indeed be offensive ?f it is not lit to mingle with the nightsoil and other tilth that the uiim sewei? are intended to carry away. Hut it seeuis that there is something pi^culiarlv disgusting and even contemptible about the effluvium from Burfords factory. Mr. L. <?. Madley, who spoke at the meet ing with well sustained warmth on the matter, in accents of concentrated scorn, declared that " it was the meanest of smells. A man did not mind a good honest stench, but this was an abominable smell." It will hardly do, however, to assent to the principle that offensive liquid is not to be allowed to run into the sewer.-., for they are expressly intended to carry off such stuff. If they cannot do this without being a nuisance the fact must l>o owing to faulty construction or to the gratings, for which many people think stink pipes should be substituted. It must be remembered, however, that until our deep drainage works arc completed, and all the houses are con nected with the street sewers it cannot be seen how the system will work. When all tlie connections are made there will be a rush of sewage, and sewage in nipid motion is not offensive.. Of course this is upon the supposition that not .simply the water-closets, but the houses are enn uected with the sewers, so thai the bath, laundry, kitchen, bedroom, ;i;id other domestic waste liquid passes iutu the. drains. Unless this be done the whole calculation upon which Air. Clarke based his estimate of the operation of the system will be upset. He held that in a city like this, where so much water is used the waste liquid of private houses, fac tories, and other trade establishments would be sufficient to flush the sewers. Many householders will object to con nect their dwellings with the sewers, and the Government are likely to have serious trouble in bringing the system into perfect operation. Upon this subject we publish an able and interesting letter in another column. The Lancet in recent articles lias urged that great danger arises from the connection of houses with sewers under the system commonly adopted. In England cases have been proved '? in which the inmates of alternate houses having their drains connected with a common sewer were Attacked" by typhoid; " while the intermediate houses in the same row, of which -the drains communi cated with a different sewer had dean bills of health," so far as that disease was concerned. The Lancet speaks somewhat superciliously of modern sanitarians 'and sanitary engineers, and say? that " it is not possible to discuss the sewage question with these gentlemen, because the dif ferences to which we have alluded be tween the several kinds of nuisance and poison liave no meaning; f.?r them." What the LniK-rt wishes to impress upon the public mind or the civic mind, is that sewer-gas is not a stink, and that it docs not from its odor attract notice till it lias largely accumulated in a building, and poisoned those within it. Sewer-gas "is always poisonous ; its virulence is only a question of degree." The precaution against this danger the Lancet recommends is "aspecial disconnecting chamber out side tlie house, itself perfectly ven tilated by a pipe which should carry the gases that rise from it com pletely away." A furnace to con sume the sewer-gas is considered still better, but the principle positively laid down is that there ought lo be no pos sibility of the seuvr-gas getting into the houses. It will be observed lliat the Liinfjet docs not oppose deep drainage ; it simply convening some of the details con nected with the present system. Tt con demns the gratings for the escape of gas, and urges that stink pipes .should be used instead ; but by far the most important matter is the connection with the houses, and this should be taken into considera tion by our hydraulic engincei-3 and sanitary authorities. We have only just begun to make the house connections, ai.d it is most desirable in the interests <>f economy and health that the right plan should be adopted to start with, or in future the correction of mistakes m*y cost a great amount of money after valuable lives have been sacrificed. Tut. F.nglish nation --may we not say the British race all the world over—have very narrowly esci]>cd a terrible, an irreparable IOEB. About the middle of December our telegraphic rles|fetches announced the fact that :t fire had occurred at Hampton Court I'alace, but had been extinguished before much damage had been done. Very early one morning a maid-servant crossing one of the inner courts of the palace noticed smoke and flames coining from a window on the third flooi, and at once gave the alarm. The ample resources of the place for meeting such an emergency were at once utilised, and thanks to the energy of Boldiers and firemen the corifla-jriMtion was quickly got under, unhappily not without I?-ssof life, for one <if the servants was found dead, evidently suffocated l>y the smoke, in one of the rooms. Three ?>r four r< >oms <'U the third floor were pretty well muted, 1 and some on the first and second rio-m were much damaged l>y the water : but tlie loss is comparatively speaking insignificant when we think of what it might have Wen had the appliances been less crticleiu <>r the workers loss prompt \i'.\<l e:ic:^eti.-. As it ia some furniture and bric-a-brac. with two rather valuable pictures, were con sumed by the devouring element, and a good deal of I>e.iuiiful oak ceiling and wainscoting has been destroyed or damaged by lire and water. Furniture and pictures in the lower floors were re ir.oved in time. Hampton Court Palace Is one of the most valuable historical monuments iv England, and is very dear to the hearts of Englishmen, and particularly of Lou- ' donera. The greater part of ihe palace ? and its grounds are open free of charge to allcomers. Every day numbers visit them, I and on Sundays and public holidays streams of people in carriages and carts, on horseltack and afoot, may l>e seen wending their way across Rushy Park. under the glorious avenue of chesnuts, to the great gates <T the palace at the further end. That avenue in the sprins ' time, when the trees are covered with their long spikes <>f white bloom, with here and there a tree nf the red variety enhancing the beauty by its contrast, is a sight which once seen can never he for gotten by anyone with a soul for wliat is lovely. Nor are the palace gardens less beautiful in their way, with terraces and lawns, and gay flowers and glorious, old trees, and a long sunny walk by the side of the river Thames, unpolluted as yet by contact with the great citj-. No city in the world has within reach of it .1 public resort so beautiful, and at the same time, so full of historical associations, and it is propor tionately dear to those who know it. The palace was, as most people know, built by Wolsey in the days of his greatness, and handed over by him to his sovereign Henry VIII. Almost all the original building was destroyed by tire in the reign of William IIL, and was re eivctcd liy him. tho work being under the care of Sir Christopher Wren, li v-aa in tlii* iiiord iii'ttaiii part that the recent tire occurred, so that the older part remains intact. Nor are the con tents of the palace less worthy of note than the palace itself. The carved ceil ings and wainscoting and the tapestry li:?ii^iiiL:ii are !>oth beautiful in them~ hclvc? aiid valuable from old associations, nor is the furniture less so. .Many of the i>-o:us ale still arranged a1 * they \?eit- lefs liy the last of their royal oei-upiiiit*. On the walla of the palace haii-r in endless profusion pictures of all soils and sizes, some valuable from ancient connection with the place itself, ethers as the works of great masters. Wlitr. it is remembered that this is the only picture gallery, or indeed the mily place of interest in or near I/ondon open t>> the public 011 Sunday, it is easy to understand what a terrible loss its de struction would liaveiieen froiii that point ?>f vie? alone. Many hundred* of weiry men and xtomeu, tired out with thesis days7 toil, have gone down <>v the sevenili to liid rest, and pure air, and higher thoughts, and strength for fresh work to come, in the peace and beauty of Hampton Court. The husine-ss man, tied to his desk every day, the shopman, from behind Ilia counter, the mechanic from his work shop, and the laborer living in the crowded courts and lanes of the great town, meet on e^ual footing to take their pleasure on this historic ground, where aa they stroll through the stately chambers or pace the terraced walks, they can if they will, go back over long years and picture to themselves the form of the great cardinal, of whose magnificence, and of whose fall the palace is a perpetual monument. Or there may rise before ihera in succession the ghosts of the Stuarts, of Cromwell, of William and Mary, of Queen Anne and the Georges, for each and all have left their mark in the palace or its grounds. And for those who reck not of dead kings and ([iieens there is nevertheless the influence which takes effect even on the dullest aud most ignorant minds from such surrounding*. Such places are of absolutely incalculable value to the nation which is fortunate enough to possess them, and their loas would be a misfortune the magnitude of which it would be difficult to over estimate. On Monday morniog, March ">, a special train conveying His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady Robinson, the Chief Justice (Hon. S. J.Way), the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray) and Mrs. Bray, the Attorney - General (Hon. J. W. Downer, Q.C.)and Mrs. Downer, the Private Secre tary (Mr. Ernest W. Howard), the Aide de-Camp (Captain Haggard), the Deputy- Knprineer in-Chief (Mr. CL C. Patterson), the Traffic Manager (Mr. A. (I. Pendleton), and the secretary to the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. J. Mann), left Adelaide with the object of allowing the party to make a visit of inspection along the Kairne line. The trip was of a private character, and was made in order that His Excellency might see the bridges and other important works on the Nairne line and witness some of the hill scenery. The first stoppage made by the train was at Mitcham, where the party alighted for a few moments. The next halt was at No. 1 viaduct, of which an inspection was made. The journey wad then continued as far as Blackwood, after which the party went on to Crafers, which was reached about 1 o'clock in the afternoon. Lunch was partaken of at the Crafers Hotel. The presence of His Excellency and the party accompanying him speedily became known in the neighborhood, and caused con- siderable excitement. As the company left the hotel they were vociferously cheered by the children attending the public school, who were drawn up in a line outside, and who, to the evident satisfaction of all present, sang the National Anthem, and then rendered a selection of lively airs under the leadership of Mr. and Mrs. Smith. The vocalisation of the children being concluded, His Excellency in a few brief words congratulated the teachers on the healthful appearance and general demeanor of the songsters, to whom Sir William also addressed a few encouraging remarks; and after giving them a half-holi- day promised to pay them a visit during their studies on some future occasion. The vice- regal party next drove in a drag to the top of Mount Lofty, and then drove home, reaching Government House about 5 o'clock in the afternoon. His Excellency was much pleased with the scenery witnessed by him on the re- turn journey, and appeared to take the greatest interest in the details in connection with the railway line. The trip was of a most enjoyable nature, its success being heightened by the fine weather which prevailed. The public welcome of His Lordship' the Bishop of Adelaide on Thursday evening promises to be a great success. The Chief Secretary will occupy the chair, and after a few speeches have been made his lordship will reply. The musical arrangements will be under the direction of Mr. E. J. Warhurst and Mr. S. Dykr, who will act as organist and conductor respectively. The Orchestra will consist of about 230 voices, representing the choiw of SL Paul's, St. Lake's St. John's, and Trinity city churches, and of All Saints', Hind marsh, and St. Bartholomew's, Nor wcod. The selections to be rendered are hjmn £13, A. and AL, *' The Church's one foundation," "The song of Australia,'*and "God Save the Queen. Judging from the wanner in which they were performed at the rehearsal on Monday night they will add greatly to the pleasure of the evening. A meeting of buyers of wool and other coicbial produce was held at the Exchange a.i bit ration-room on Monday afternoon, Afarth ?">, to con?ider the question of taking step* to get rid of the charge made for cV livery on their purchase* at auction. There tui moderate representation of the trade at the meeting, and several letten were aent by gentlemen who ?lid not attend, expressing sympathy with the object of the gathering. The Hon. L. (rlyde moved—"That this treetirg feeling that auctioneers' charges should be made on the owners of the produce, hereby agrees that buyers should be requested to tipn aii agreement binding themselves to 11*Uin fron. Vyddicg at auction sales where charges are made on buyers." This was sramded by Mr. Rawlings and carried. &!r. W. MorHin moved, and Mr. J. Shaw seconded, that the resolution should not come into f fleet until June l,butthosepreaentwould not finally pledge themselves to it unless at an adjourned meeting three-fourths of those present should assent to the protest. The following provisional agreement was signed by about thirteen of those who attended :—" We, the undersigned buyers of colonial produce by auction, emphatically protest against the charge for delivery on our purchases, and sgree that from and after June 1 next we will not bid at any auction sales where the charge is made to the buyer. Provided that this agreement is only to take effect after its adoption at an early meeting, to be held on Monday, March 19, by three-fourths of those present at such adjourned meeting." The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. We understand that Lady Robinson will be "at home" between 3 and 5 o'clock this and every following Tuesday afternoon until further notice We understand that the opening of the Naime railway as far as the Aldgate Pump is postponed to the 2ist inst. Two applications were received by the City Council for the position of analyst under the Food and Drags Act. Mr. A. Thomas was appointed. ; The first day of the first law term, falling on Easter Monday, the 3>th inst., the court will be adjourned, and take the business down for that day on the following Thurs day, the ii'th inst. The Hon. H. Scott and Mrs. Scott, as well as Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Wendt and family, rttui ced to the colony by the 11.M.5. Pir- j ntatta on Saturday, having been on a trip to Furope. We are informed that Mr. T. H. Jones, who was for five years organist at the Baptist Church, Korth Adelaide, has accepted the rcution of organist at the Brougham- place Congregational Church. The Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. C Bamsay) telegraphed to the Chief Secretary on Saturday, informing him that be intended leaving Melbourne that day over land, and expected to arrive at Karracoorte on Sunday, and would be in Adelaide by next Thursday. On Tuesday evening, Feburary 27, the employees of the firm of C and W. Sara and Dunstan met at the office at Aberdeen, and presented Mr. William Sara, who has retired from the firm, with am address. It was en grossed in coloured inks, and illuminated with gold and silver, and framed with bird's eye maple wood by Mr. Adolph Topperwein, one of the employees. Mr. James Phillips made the presentation on behalf of the men, and several of them added a few remarks. Mr. Sara replied in suitable terms. The half-yearly meeting of the South Aus tralian Coal Company was held at the office. Mutual Chambers, on Monday morning. March 5. There was a fair attendance of shareholders, and Mr. A. S. Clark occupied the chair. The directors' report and balance sheet were adopted. The balance-sheet showed that the sale of coals and coke had amounted to f 13,14s 17s. 4d., and that the stock of coal and coke on hand was valued at £1,183 16s. 4d. The earnings of the wharf and hulks amounted to £1,013 12s. 5d., and the balance to profit was £3,067 6s. fid. Kotice has been given by the Collector of Customs that advantage is to be taken of the Food and Drugs Act of 18&2, by appointing inspectors to examine tea imported into the colony, and if necessary to have samples : analysed for the purpose of ascertaining i whether it is mixed with other substances or j "deprived of its proper quality, strength or ' virtue by steeping, infusion, decoction, or other mean?." All Custom-house officers are I to be appointed inspectors for the purposes of the Act, and they will commence to exercise thtir powers on July I next. I The following was the state of the rivers at ! the undermentioned peaces on Monday, March 5, at 9 a.m.:— Gundagai, summer level; Wagga Wagga, 2ft 3 in.; Hay, 4 ft.; Balranald, summer level; Kamoi, 23 ft., ; falling; Bar won, 30 ft., rising; Brewarrina, '? 15 ft. 6 in., rising; Bourke, 14 ft, rising; : Wilcannia, 9 ft.; Meuindie, Sft. 5 in.; Poon- I carie, S ft.; Wentworth, 3 ft. 1 in.; Louth, ; 11 ft. 3 in., rising; Euston, summer level: Overland Corner, 1 ft 1 in.; Mogill, 16 ft., falling; Goodoga, 7 ft., stationary; Mun- ! gundi, IS ft. The City Corporation agreed on Monday to a motion carried in the committee of the ; whole council to the effect that immediate \ stepsshouldbetakentoobtainfromthecitizens their sanction to float the necessary loan for the erection of abattoirs. Alderman Fox manifested some opposition to the proposal on tte ground that there was no information as to the probable revenue to be derived from the abattoirs. Ct. Kither indulged in some mild chaff towards Alderman Fox, at which the alderman took umbrage, but although at one time it appeared that asscene was immi nent the atmosphere cleared and the business was concluded. The following tenders were opened in the Government offices on Monday, March 5: — In the Architeot-in-Chief's department— Repairs and painting, police-station, Blanche town, five tenders, W. Crabb, jun.; supply of wronght-ircn posts for fencing lighthouse reserve, Cape Willoughby, four tenders, J. Newlxrry & Suns. In the Engineer in- Cbief's department—{-Supplying about iSW yards road nieta.l at Budunda, one tender, J. Dewcll; widening Semaphore jetty, three tenders. Smith & Williams; removal of old jetty ?t Konuanville. r-o li?n4er receiv*-!. (v Jhe Hjdraulic Engineer's depwtawut — Erection of dairyman's cottage, sewage farm, Islington, four tenders, not yet declared. About half-past 9 o'clock on Monday morn ing a pair of powerful horses attached to a trolly belonging to Mr. Simon Harvey, timber merchant, bolted southward along King William-Btreet from nearly opposite the Bank of South Australia. Thedriver, named Taylor, was nearly thrown over the aide, and for a few seconds bis position was a most critical one, as he could cot regain his balance nor control the horses, and the off side one commenced kicking. Immediately after *?"? Taylor either slid forward or was jerked on to the pole between the hind quarters of the horses, and in this position, in the most plucky manner, he contrived to guide the horses clear of everything until he pulled them up about opposite Messrs. B. H. Wigg and Sons' store. The monthly meeting of the South Austra lian Mercantile Marine Service Association was held at the Exchange Hotel, Port Ade laide, on Monday evening. March 5. Mr. C. Piers presided over a good attendance. The only general matter tonched upon was the status of officers holding colonial extra master's certificates in England. Masters* and mates' certificates issued in the colony were recognised by the Board of Trade, but such was not the case with extra masters. It was stated that the Marine Board weremoving in the matter with the view of placing the latter certificates on a par with those at home, and it was resolved to nuke enquiriefc A question was asked as to whether it was in tended to raise the time-ball tower at the Sema phore, it being generally acknowledged that at present, owing chiefly to so many baUdings having gone up lately, it could not be seen from the Port. The secretary was instructed to write to the superintendent of telegraphs on the matter. The Collector of Customs has issued flonw new Customs regulations for the Northern Territory, based upon the Act of bat year. They relate chiefly to dutiable goods exported to the Northern Territory from Port A?i?l.;j? and on which drawback can be claimed. Be fore the Act was passed the Northern Terri tory was counted as a foreign country so far as duty was concerned, and goods aent there from Adelaide were subject to foil duties as if they had been imported into Adelaide. This gave an obvious advantage to New South Wales, so far as goods that could be ?""ifar tured in both colonies were concerned, as the freight would be less, and it was still more detrimental to South Australia in dealing with goods liable to dnty here, but free in Sjdney. The new rules nuke all gcods exported from Port A.lal?;<^ and on which duty has been paid in importing, free of importation into the Northern Terri tory, except when drawback is claimed by the exporters, when the duty collected will equal the drawback paid. This means a very con siderable saving on many goods to the people of the Northern Territory, and will be heartily appreciated there. A meeting was held at the Lancelot Hotel on Thursday, February 22, convened by the committee, Messrs. B. Perkins, E. IC OLoughlin, T. Brown, T. Dempsey, and E. W. Goddard, to consider the best means to adopt to lay out the money collected for the widow and six children of the late Mr. McGillick. teamster, of Lancelot, who was accidentally killed through f?Hi?|; from that shafts of his waggon. Mr. B. Perkins was chosen chairman. The lists were brought forward, and the total ?mimnt of money in hand was found to be £001*, There is etui a good deal of money expected to come in already promised, and two or three more lists are out. Mr. O'Lougfalin said he hsped to get about another £40. Mr. E. W. Goddard was chosen treasurer and secretary, and Me E. M. Clioughlin under-treasnrer. It waa also agreed that the widow should receive, on behalf of the children, £1 per week, payable monthly, the money to be placed in the E. & and A. C. Bank. Everything fatting been settled satisfactorily, a vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman, who, it was said, was alvays ready to give his time in any way, either charitably ox for the interests of the tovTiship. The whole of the money col lected 'will be for the benefit of fiie six children. The annual general meeting of the share holder* of the Browse Island Guano Com pany was held at she offices of the company, Advertber BuDdings, on Monday, March 5. The report stated that the directors tegretted that they had again to submit a somewhat meagre report The balance-sheet aho wedtiiatL they had leceived £1,205 6s. 4d., being balance of proceeds of guano which had for a consider able time been stacked in London. It als? showed that that amount, together with ?*i ac'ditiotal sum of about £130, had been ex pended in chartering the abip Oondoren, of about 1,700 tons capacity. The directors bad sold the cargo to arrive in Hamburg at-the satisfactory price of 2*. per cent. They had been unable to efiect -an insurance on the cargo at a less rate than £12 12*. percent^ and li??i therefore determined to TrrV "that shipment uninsured rather than pay such an exot bitact change. The balance-sheet was as follows:—To proceeds of gnano and interest, £1,205 6s. 4d.; amount of judgment and c*Us paid on account, £100; cash- nvnana and at the bank, £17S 3s. lid.; balance of interest in company's favor on account ?f stated i?Ut P. Lnri & Co., £32 4s. 5d.: total, £L£lslfa?lj by advances to ship Condoren. and materials, &c;, supplied less amount ajfli doe. ggTtQs. yd.; salary and office not, £90: royalty to Western Australian Government. £239 2s. 3d; rent and exchange -on draft Browse Island, £30 IDs.; petty cash -and dtsbttrsev ments, £6 fls. 7d.; in hand and at the bank, £IS2 2s. Id. The report and babnee-sheet were adopted. The retiring directors, Mr. P. Leri and the Hon. J. B. Spence, were re elected. On Monday, March 5, the city coroner continued the inquest on tie body of the lad Geerpe Green, who died from the effects of a fall from a horse at Griffiths^ training stables at Glenelg. Mr. Measday was fore man 'of the jury. Mr. <3\. C. Kingston ap peared on behalf of the deceased^ friend*, acd Mr. W. F. Stock for Me. CriflWaW his emptoves. The evidence showed thatth'e deceased "boy had been to some extent per. suaced by Oriffiths'e jockeys to - leave his home and join the stables. This he eventaally did about three weeks ago without ob* taicicg the consent of bis father. Soon after entering upon his duties de ceased was placed on a steeplechaser named New Zealand to exercise him. On February £S he was returning to the stables after exercising the horse as usual when the animal became somewhat restive and nn nianagable, and eventually got entangled in seme fencing wire which had been carelessly left in the way by one of the jockeys. -The boy was thrown violentihj to the ground, and received a fracture of the skull, which caused his death on the following day. Dr. Jay, who was requested by the cOHmer to make a post-mortem examination of -the body with Dr. Morrison, who bad been attending the deceased, said the case of death.was tractors of the skull causing extravasation of blood into the brain. Dr. Morrison gfmt corrobo rative evidence. Mr. Kingston contended on behalf of his client that a was* most nay usual thing to place a tap of aveh tender years on so spirited ? bone. Mr. Stock showed that the hone was exceedingly quiet in the hands of an experienced jockey. As there were several witnesses to bewailed the coroner adjourned the inquest at 5 p.m. until <i.3C on Monday next. The members of the City Council nave not yet done with Messrs. Barford & Sons'soap factory in Grenfell-street. At a meeting held on Monday a recommendation was ,nuwe3>y the health committee that an order should be served upon the Hessza.BarlonL calling upon them to abate the nuisance sit their factory, and that in the event of the order not being complied with the city solicitors should be in structed to proceed by a criminal indictment against the firm. The report in which this recommendation occurred was pawed with out the slightest opposition, but 'when-the aldermen and councillors were asked to agree upon the form of order - to be adopted things did not progress quite so smoothly. The week's noboetebe given during which Messrs. Burford 'and Sons were to "'use the best practicable means to abate the nuisance" seemed to seme of the members of the council altogether too mild a way of proceed ing. Time enough had been given, they con sidered, acd the only way in which to effect an alteration was to summarily bring the members of the firm before two justice* of the peace at as early a date as possible. While the discussion was being most hotly carried on a deputation was announced, ana forthwith there entered at the rear of the council chamber about thirty ladies and gentlemen. It was intimated that these were long-suffering residents of Start-street who had come to augment the list of facts already possessed by the corporation as to tte stench arising from the soap factory. The members of the deputation unfolded a grievous tale—indeed they seemed scarcely able to find words strong enough to charac terise the true nature of the stench. It had l?en been-agreed that only six gentlemen should speak, and the city fathers were therefore somewhat astounded to learn that a lady also desired to address them. The mayor, perhaps dreading tne effect of femi nine eloquence upon his susceptible aldermen and councillors,' was firm. It was agreed that six should speak, and six had spoken; that was all who could be beard. Or. l£ither with bis usual gallantry immediately pro ceeded to challenge this decision, and urged with some amount of force tile rights of the citizenness to speak. Finding bis worship obdurate he made a forcible appeal on the rights of women, and in conclusion cast a satuficd glance towards the ladies' corner As soon as the deputation bad retired with the assurance that their case would be con sidered, the matter in dispute w*a once more diEciwEcd, and the original order for the abatement of the nuisance was carried, Cr. Holland's proposal for a more summary node of procedure only obtaining four SUp- POrtera. ? t ' '; A special meeting of the Collegiate Schools' Association was held in the Pirie-street lecture-hall on Saturday morning, March 3. The President (Mr. Frederic Chappie, 8.A., S.S&, Prince Alfred College) presided, and there was a large and representative atten dance of masters from the Marions adhooU connected 'with the association. Apologies were received for the absence of Messrs. B. Whinham, T. W. Boehm, T. W. Lyons,!and J. B~Tait, Messrs. A. Scott, B.A. (Training College), H. Savrini (Whin ham College), and A. McPherson were elected ordinary members. The president reported the result of the deliberations of the executive and sub-committee of head masters on the matter of uniformity of holi days. He stated that all were unanimously of opinion that community of action in this matter was exceedingly desirable, and that they bad agreed upon a scheme which he now wished to recommend to the association for adoption, so that for the future all their < acMM should have holidays of the same . ladfeth and at the same time. In the pro posed scheme there was no alteration in the number of holidays per annum, bnt only a readjustment. First, the summer vacation would be lengthened, and the length of the school terms made as nearly as possible equal- It was felt that the shortness of the first term had led some parocts to think.that absence during it was unimportant, and as a result he education of their sons was seriously nterfered with. There would be no founda tion for such an idea in the future. AU school terms would be of about the same length. The irregularity due to the occur rence of Easter would be provided for. Hhe first term would consist of eleven weeks, no matter when Blaster might fafl. There would be the following holidays :—Christmas, air weeks ; Easter, one week; Midwinter, two weeks; Michael mas, one week, making ten weeks' vacation during the year, and the following would be the length of the terms:—Easter, including the recess eleven weeks; Widwinter term, eleven weeks; Michaelmas term, ten weeks; and the Christmas term, eleven wuuaa. It was proposed that the above scheme should ?cmc into operation after the Midwinter recess this year. A long discussion ensued on the scheme, and it was received favorably by the members. On the motion of the .secretary (Mr. T. A. Caterer, B. A.) seconded be Mr. Sunter, BA., the report was unanimously adopted, and therefore the scheme as detailed. above will be followed *y all the schools connected with the .association after "the Midwinter vacation. The constitution and roles of the associa tion were then considered, and the following alterations were made:—The name was changed from Collegiate Masters' to Col legiate Schools' Association. This was done as it bad been decided to enlarge the scope of the association, and to make it include those schools for girls doing similar work to those for boys, which originally formed the association. The objects of the association were defined as follows:—"To encourage higher education in the colony; to improve the methods employed in it; and to establish Sod Tfimfyif^itt fr^flfl<tly idstiOll? M&OUffSt; ' those engaged in teaching" in the collegiate schools of the colony." The association in stead of meeting at Easter, Midwinter, and -Christmas, will hold eight meetings, ortwo in each term. Thg monthly meeting of the Adelaide I £Aool Board of Advice was held in the Edu- j cation omen on Monday afternoon, March 5\. In the absence of the Hon. D. Murray, ILLO, Mr. Lawrance was voted to toe chair. There were present—The Hon. W. Sandover, M.L.C., Messrs. J. Anderson, A. Adamson, W. BtckEord, J. 1* Bonython, J. Dungey, and T. Scherk. The secretary (Mr. Dungey) reported having for?arded a letter to the Mayor of Adelaide, re questing him to take a seat on the board. The ?*?frnm explained that he j had interviewed Mr. Fuller and made 3um acquainted with the desire of the board, i He was perfectly willing to attend the board meeting, but intimated that, owing to the -corporation meeting, he would be unable to tw present that day. A letter was received from the Education Department, requeuing i the board to forwardtheirannual report mac- j -cordanoa with regulation 142. The chairman : sectioned that the report in question was j .already prepared. Mr. Bonytaon was of ' that the resolution referring to mgbt schools, which had already b?eu forwarded to the MinSter of Educa tion should also be included in the report. Tfrg board approved of the suggestion, and the secretary was accordingly instructed to . see that it was earned out In reply to a as to wfietfcer Mr. Vockms had, in accordance with promise, prepared a com parative lil? 11 nu'aj of the percentages ob tained by the *aqwua model schools in Soash Adelaideat the animal examinaUocsof IS3I 2. that gentleman explained that the Edoca-ion Department thought it would be better for the board to obtain the information they re quired through them. Mr. Bonythou re ported that with Mr. Anderson be had in spected the new school in Start-street, and hid found everything in a forward state, with the probability that the building woull be natty for use in a reasonable time. The rooms upstairs were plastered, but those below bad not as yet undergone that pro cess. Mr. Vbckins mentioned, in regard -to a letter which had appeared ii the Advertiser that Mrs. Wneatiey, toe person mentioned, appeared before the bowd about six months ago for neglecting to aead her child to school for more than thirteen days daring the September quarter. She then made out a very hard ca*e, and the board decided to allow the child to remun at home two days a week. Mrs. Wheailey, however, only sent her daughter to school twenty-one ilays ?*"??'? c the following qoarter, and it wai accordingly Hf***l^ im mmiij to send her a noticeTlnstead of jwomitingto comply with the notice she abased the officer, and it wai -then that a ?nmm??i? was obtained against. faer; butevenafter the summons m> usued lie sent an officer to Mr*. Wheatley requesting lier to send her child to school. Site was, however, still. impertinent, and the ease ac cordingly came before the Police Court, and the woman was fined J?j. and costs. The money was not paid, and Mrs. Wheatley was kept in the station for one night (Thtu-Hday), whensbe wasaentto gaol and discharged on the£oHowing Saturday morning. The visitor's -official report was also read, and bore out Mr. Voddna'a remarks. It was pointed out that the letter referred chiefly to the action of the police, and not of the board. Mr. Voclrins, however, explained §&**§? a^ytyrfl*"g to Otc information hs nil been able to gather, the woman had receirei proper tr-***"— ?* at the hands of the police, who kept her apart from the ordinary pri soners, and bad received 12*. from a gentle man to enable her to get over her difficulties. The board expressed themselves perfectly satisfied with Mr. Vockins's action. Appli cations for free instruction for nine children were received, and in some instances the re quests were granted subject to the Minister's vpnavaL Mr. Tockuos promised to brin? up a report showing how many night ?chx>W M?fT ?p?TP F" H""Ht 4^?j[?ylyM<l f-ha number of children attending; them. *? Haoola" sttraefceAanother large audience at the Theatre Boyal on Monday evening, a*A *v*> prrfffwiiMimnpa?nfil fiff nfft- saocess. tally. This opera irffl be repeated to-night. The Muldoon Picnic Party repeated their new programme on Monday evening at the Academy of MusSc^before another good, house, and as on the first representation, the entertainment passed off with success. The same bill is fwuwnjwl for to night. Those who have not yet witnessed Messrs. Clark and Ca's amusing performances should bear in mind that tWe season is advertised to dose on Saturday next. There was another large attendance at St. Leon's Ciroue on Monday evening, when the programme introduced on Satarday was re peated. There was no material change in tit* performance, though it should be mentioned that all reason for complaint regarding de ficiency of accommodation has h??i ai ly removed since Saturday by the addition of substantial and well-arranged seats, and other mechanical drawbacks incidental to a first night's performance are conspicuously ab sent. The equestrian, joggling, tumbling, and other feats were gone through with a zest and completeness which half compen sated for the absence of anything startling in the way of novelty. Master Hoar's perfor mance on the invisible wire evoked much ap zdanse, as also did Mr. Wallace's equilibrium fajfrTifing act, which baa been already de? scribed. The performance closed with a farce, <?n???ri " The Tailor in Difficulties," introduced expressly to exhibit the marvel. lons cleverness of horses and ponies. The programme will be repeated to-night. We hare received a copy of the current month's issue of the Bough Ashlar. BKbe annual meeting of the delegates of the figment Matnal A—oraaWoa vOl be commenced at the ISi John Badeycdtn Hotel to-day. The eleventh annual session of the Grand Lodge of Sooth An?tr?li?, LO.G.T., wiH be held in the Oddfellows' **?", Franklin-street, this evening. of Good Templars K.W.GX. of the World, wUI be commenced at the temperance Hall, Grote-street, tS&B; evening. Tbe executive of the Beform League is to meet retail ??*>rf?"?- at the Voang Men's Canstian iatodaiiaa Ball Una evening, to confer ai to the earj;-doting movement. ? A westing of the Boyal Society is to be held at the Si. .inirtirnte this ?voiing. The programme udsdes ?ome obsmniaon-s in reference to bydattds VtVr .J. P|?jla?lbom?8- Hie Pun: Bony Scott, one of the vice- presidents Oftbe t^ijnftAMtoUM. Bine AnodMkin, Has f&aiftiitmMm; to b? conMted teat OMfarlh tomisfraaastnwtefaM. U tvs been deddad Hut ?b?lHi>?*all *?tim t?ttfri|tosjaa |riu> makes the bfcheat segregate score in the three Mutini- Haai aatchra. 