English. News. Decidedly they do these things better in Turkey. When we took the Khedive and his 'Government under our tutelage we had Arabi and a crowd of others on our hands, all mani festly guilty. Yet we took weeks and months to make up our minds as to the proper way -of bestowing these encumbrances. Even now, the wise say, Poet Nadim is free to reappear in Egypt and improvise to his heart's content. How differently the Sultan man ages affairs ! FaudPasha was probably, to start with, not guilty of anything but too great devotion of his master. Yet in the space of one revolving moon he has been arrested, disgraced, found guilty, ordered to live in great honour in the palace prednts, taken into favour rearrested . and re?exainined. And now, it seems probable, he is ?really to be sent into exile : to die of indiscretion,, jn diet, or, to be recalled to, the Yiziership— who can say ? Yet some people accuse Ab&dflamid; :of obstinacy ! And we see npw^hbw slanderous was the report' of some English correspondents at Constantinople, which put him to the trouble of informing the world authoritatively that his mental condition is not disturbed. Finding of Mr. Powell's Balloon. — The. Balloon Society of Great Britian lately received an official letter from Paris stating that the Saladin balloon, which was lost with Mr. Walter Powell, M.P., has been found, with the car, in the mountains of the Seirra del Pedraso, in Spain. Instructions were for warded to Paris last night to have the rem nants of the balloon sent to London. Mr. Walter Powell, it will be remembered, left Bath on Saturday 10th December, 1881, accom panied by Mr. Gardener, in the balloon Sala din, which had been lent them by the Govern ment, and which' was in 'charge of ' Captain James Templer, of the Engineers. They crossed;, over Somersetshire to Bridport,on the coast of Dorsetshire, where, finding themselves moving towards thejsea, they made an attempt to descend. The balloon struck the ground with great violence, and threw out Mr. Gard ener and Captain Templer ; but before Mr. Powell could escape it shot up into the air, and went rapidly out to sea ; -and notwith standing searches and enquiries nothing more was seen of it. It was reported at the time, and generally believed,, that the balloon had been seen to fall into 'the sea hot far from the land. It was also reported some time after wards that the balloon had been seen in the northern part of Spain ; but until the receipt of the information given above nothing authen tic had been heard of it. The most aged cow in the United States, probably in the world, is owned by a citizen of Hawinsville, in Georgia. The cow was born long before the oldest inhabitant of the place. It L; upwards of one hundred years old, and is now giving milk. The owner of the cow. is one of the most esteemed citizens of Hawkins ville, not accustomed to exaggerate, and whose word has never been doubted. He his fifty years of age, and is a member of one of the old and noted families of the State. He was 'inter- viewed' ' the other day by a reporter, who ventured to express a doubt as to whether the. cow was really quite as old as she is represented to be. The owner declared that there was no mistake whatever on this point. The cow, be said, had belonged to his' parents, his grand parents, great-grand -parents, aiidNother ances tors, and he was as confident that she was a hundred -years old as he was of his own existence. He displayed some irritation on being questioned closely, and his ringers ner vously played with a handel of a. revolver that protruded from his pocket. The reporter there fore thought it prudent to cut the interview short, and left without 'obtaining complete information respecting the remarkable' animal. A PAINFOL INCIDENT occurred in a ball room in Bedford County, North Carolina, on the night of the 6th inst. While the dancers were in the midst of a quadrille a young lady; Miss Idelle Read, ' stepped up' to Mr. Scott Clayton, who had consented to call out the figures, and told him that he was not calling them right. Mr. Clayton considered Miss Read's interference unnecessary, and replied somewhat indignantly, although those standing near him affirm that he used no discourteous language. Among Miss Read's many ad mirers present was Mr. Armstead Barksdale, who chanced to overhear Mr. Clayton's re marks, and so entirely disapproved of them that before Miss Read had resumed her place among the dancers he also ' stepped up' to Mr. Clayton, and called him to account. Not being satisfied with Mr. Clayton's explanation, Mr. Barksdaledrewaknife from his pocket, with which hesevered Mr. Clayton'sjugularvain. The dance was brought to an abrupt termination. Mr. Barksdale being the first to leave the room. On the morning of the 8th inst. he went to a sawmill and borrowed a gun from an acquaint ance, saying that he wished to shoot a rabbit. Instead, however, of shooting a. rabbit he went to a neighboring house, shothimself, and died.. Accidents on a large scale are now frequent occurrences ; and one that might have led to terrible results was happily averted at Hunger ford one evening lately just 'in the nick of time.' The upper room of the school at that place was filled by about three hundred persons who had assembled there for ' a tea,' and to witness a representation of ' Little Red Riding Hood' by some of tbe scholars. The excite ment of die performance was rather painfully heightened by the sudden discovery that the floor of the room showed a decided tendency to give way. Under these circumstances the vicar prudently requested all present to be good enough to leave the room at once. This request was promptly complied with -: and not too promptly ; for hardly had the last of the fugitives left the room when the floor disap peared also, falling with a crash into the room below. ' All's well that ends wellV' but the affair might have had a most tragic ending, even more so than the fall the other day of the chimney at Bradford ; and the story shows the necessity of examining the ? floors of rooms about to be used for large, gatherings. It is not every floor subjected 'fo an unfair strain that would behave as considerately as the floor of the schoolroom at Hungerford. A rumour is reported to be gaining ground in Galway to the effect that the ghost of Myles Joyce, one of the convicts who were recently executed for the Maamtrasna murders, nightly 'walks' in the neighbourhood of Galway prison. Whntever truth there may be in the statement it is probable that a rumour of this kind, once started, will gain ground rapidly among the superstitions Irish. It will be re: membered that Myles Joyce died protesting his innocence of the crime of which he was convicted, and in this fact the ghost story pro bably has its orign. This ghost is apparently more substantial than any ordinary disem bodied spirit with which we are by heresay acquainted, for we are told that the ' myster iour figure laid hold of the rifles' of two sol diers the other night ; but the worst of the story is (if the report be true) that the matron and warders of the prison have asked to be transferred to another gaol. On all grounds it would be well to take steps to at once lay (by the heels) the unwelcome ghost. Much concern is felt in North Germany with respect to the steady increase in the num ber of parricides, and most of them are attributed to the custom which prevails in country districts among the peasants of making over to the children — as soon as the latter are grown up — their property, reserving for them selves only the right of food and lodging to the end of their days. This is what is popularly called the Alientheil(-&&. peoples portion) — an expression rendered famous by Prince Bis marck, who used it to describe die Ministry of Foreign Anairs to which he would perhaps confine himsHf in bis old age. The children soon get tiied of having to support their parents and in some cases either starve them to death or actually murder them. Crimes of this description are so much on the increase that several of the district governors have issued circulars urging the peasants not to make over their little properties in this way. But that the practice and its consequences are not al together of modern date may be gathered from the fact that over the gate-way of the little town of Juterbock, some sixty miles from Ber lin, hangs a small club, with an inscription to the effect that ' whosoever transfers his pro perty to his children during his lifetime, and suffers in consequence, deserves to be killed with the club.' Concurrently with this in crease in the number of parricides, there has also been a great addition to the number of beggars and vagabonds ; a political economist who had devoted much time to the matter calculating that there are no fewer than two hundred thousand vagabonds within the limits of the empire, and that each one of them manages to beg as much as two shillings a day upon the average: this being equivalent to an annual tax of about ,£7,300,000 per annum, raised for the country districts. Thought-reading Extraordinary. — Some thousands of persons assembled in the neighborhood of theAdelphi Hotel, Liverpool, on Saturday, to witness Mr. Irving Bishop, well known in connection with thought-reading entertainments, take up a challenge by a pro minent local, gentleman to discover a pin secreted by the latter within a radius of 500 yards from the hotel. The pin was hidden while Mr. Bishop remained in the hotel in the custody of a local clergyman. At one o'clock Mr. Bishop emerged from the hotel blindfolded and drew his challenger with him, the connect ing link between them being a piece of piano wire. Having traversed three or four streets, Mr. Bishop entered the' Neptune Hotel and discovered the pin inserted in one of the win dow-sashes on an upper balcony.. . . ? A 'correspondent of one of our contem poraries, anxious to secure for Mdlle. Louise Michel a pleasant reception in London, where she is about to deliver a course of lectures on the rights of women, gives an account of the various projects of assassination entertained by her during the last twelve or thirteen years as communicated to him at a recent interview. ' Did yon not,' he asked in reference to M. Gambetta, ' nurse at one time the idea of as sassinating him whom you called the dictator?' ' Yes,' she replied, ' and I was resolved to do so when I returned from Calidonia. But I soon found that such an act would have been fruitless. I ought to have killed M. Thiers. I was prevailed by Ferre to forego my purpose, but I always regretted it, for by so doing I should have prevented Jthe defeat of the Com mune and have proved myself useful to the causeTof people.' Asked whether she ever contemplated the assassination of Napoleon III., Mdlle. Michel replied irt the affirmative. The Emperor, however, started for the war the very day on which the deed was to baVe been done. 'Had I surpressed him,'. she said, 'I might have prevented nation disaster.' With all her good intentions, the heroic lady has never yet kitted and one or anything except- a viper AVbich she -put to death in 'her girlhood. - *-' The remembrance,' she said, 'comes back to me now .of a feeling of com passion even for that reptile. 'But I never can regret the act:'* . . '? ?' ? THE.IMPR3SSIONS OF England coramunica ' ted by a- native officer, one . of the Indian, contingent lately in this country,- are precisely such as t-ne jnigjit have looked from an ifftelW 'gent East JCndian ofjnore. than average, ^duca-t tion. - The picture.given of q» by of course,-..-^ flattering one. London is 'the. N.umberQpe place in -the world,' and almost everything ift it is Number One. The Crystal Palace seems to have struck the Indian officer's fancy moie than any other of our public buildings. Wind sor Castle comes next to it for splendour. The picture of the battle between the French and Germans in the Crystal Palace is preferred to all the pictures in the -national Gallery. The theatres and the circuses pleased the Indian's untutored mind ; but he and his comrades did not care much for the ballet, to which it is a pity they should be taken. The condescension of her Majesty in pinning the medals on the soldiers' breasts with her own royal hands was keenly felt ; but a very characteristic and pro per opinion is expressed that it was just a little too much for the Queen to do. ' She soiled her hands by touching us — we are too insigni ficant for her to touch.' The Indian officer's summary of all that he saw in .England ' is complimentary in the extreme. ' The women are pretty, the men brave and hospitable,, and the conntry such that we do not think there is another like it,' -? A further experiment has been made in the wearing of incandescent electric lamps upon the person. A lady-appeared a few days ago with incandescent lamps arranged about Jber at a fancy-dress ball at Hull. As stated ;-some time ago with reference to the Savoy Theatre, it is quite impossible for a battery or accumulator to be concealed in the dress ; and on this occasion the electricity was supplied from a bichromate battery concealed in the case of a hand-organ, which was carried about by a gentleman in attendance upon, the lady exhibitor. Wires running from the hand-organ supplied the current to the lamps. . An Incident which occured the other day at the station of the Warsaw Railway at St. Petersburg is stated to have produced much excitement at the Russian Court. The Czar was just about to start for his palace at Gats china, on returning from a visit to the capital when a number of peasants who had collected at the station called out to him, ' Sir, give us bread; we are hungry!' The Emperor, deeply moved, at once summoned M. Bunge, the Minister of Finance, and asked him whether the peasantry are really in such need that they have not enough to eat The Minister replied that there was great distress in some of the districts of the empire, but that the balance in the Treasury, was so- small that it would be quite impossible to afford any adequate relief out of the funds at bis disposal. He added that his position was rather that of a cashier than of the minister, as he had no con trol over the expenditure ot the various depart ments. Thereupon the Emperor expressed great indignation at the real state of affairs havmg been concealed from him ; and it is said that he has now finally determined to take up his resideece m St. Jtetessburg, in order to reorganiate completely the present system of admimsttation. How long will this resolution last? 