GUAEDIKG THE QUEES. The many political assassinations that have taken place of late years have thrown upon the police of all countries an im mense amount of difficult and delicate work in guarding monarchs, princes, and ministers. In England we have become familiarised with the idea that oor lead j statesmen must be escorted by detec tives wherever they go : and popular as the Queen is, we know that elaborate precautions are taken to protect her every time she appears in public. Few, how- 1 ever, can be aware of how much anxiety, i activity, trouble, and consequent expense are involved in tliat word " protecting." Looking only at the pecuniary side of the question, the tine which a madman or i fanatic inflicts upon a country when ho attempts, even without success, to take the life of a ruler, is considerable. The j services of detectives have to be paid for; and to do their work properly, ihese ofiicials must not be stinted of money for telegrams, railway and cab fares, and casual expenses. Sometimes they have . to assume disguises, and to pay heavily ! for secret information as to alleged crimi nal designs; and, though this information is often worthless, the police cannot afford to disregard any item of intelligence bearing upon the safety of the great per sonages whom thej' have to guard. Tims the contents of every letter sent, whether anonymously or not, to Scotland Yard are carefully considered. Tile mischievous simpletons who concoct untruthful letters for fun, and the foolish busybodies who write to disclose " suspicious circum stances" that have come under their u lice, may all rest satislicd that they cause worry and waste of valuable time, if 1: thing worse. As the police have some times received warnings of great import ance through unsigned missives bearing no guarantee of good faith, they make it a rule to investigate all facts not palpably absurd which are revealed to them ; and doubtless by so doing tliey have often been enabled to prevent crimes. Many an intending criminal must have been balked in liis schemes by the timely dis covery that his movements were beinu watched. -t'hmaherx' Journal. VLGHTLISE!—Fou THE TEETH AN'D BREATH -A few drops of the liquid "Florilinee sprinkled ou a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, revents^ tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-wliiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It rexnov es all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of Iloney and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s Gd, ofalJ Chemists and Perfumers. Whole sale depot removed to 33, Farringdon Road' London. Bristol s Saesapakilla gives asmooth skin cures rheumatism and all diseases of . the blood tumor. Ghosts.—An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: " How do I know that you are not a hit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of '* heavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do Dot adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Bor wick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion, Bvery wise storekeeper has it by him, and every good housewife buys Mukkay ai*j> Lawman's l^oimu IVateii i wur i >aased h «r I lundkerebief, Toilet, aud Bath Highly fragiau 