The Australian Cap and New market Nominations Avtbr quietly loWug over the list of hones entered for these most popular of all events during the autumn racing season, and thra calmly criticising tbe maUriel of which it is composed, there is every reason to feel eminently gratified at tbe snccees 01 the nomi nation. In the former there ore 42 engaged, and the latter 73— both of which totals have been somewhat exceeded on former occasions; but quality is of far more import than quan tity—except at "a Penny Gaff "—and seldom, if ever, has there been a more goodly display of animals with justifiable pretensions to take put in the longest and the shortest handicap of note run under the annual auspices of the V.B.C. Of oourse there is some chaff with the wheat, and there will he a lot of ' drake" of the Lord Burghley class eliminated sooner or later % but I do not recollect any aggre gation of equine names which ever promised better than the present to furnish on excellent array of starters. Although Victoria, as might be expected, has by far the greater proportion of entries, still the sister colonies an. well represented. For instance, out of the 42 honw fpBttated ta the duftreliaa Cupj there an 11 hailing from New South Wales, 4 from South Australia, and 2 from Tasmania; 0 that our own contingent is only 25 after all to a combined 17 visitors. 80 much for the said "quantity," and now for the hinted "quality." The local lot con tains such proved or promising nags as Commotion, Euclid, Odd Trick, Lotbair, Prometheus, Britisher, Follio, Mistaken, Col- etoun, and King of the Vole ; the Sydney teem has Sweet William, Navigator, Gudarx, Willeroo, Catinamulla, Sardonyx, Hesperian, Ores wick, The Gem, and The Drummer; the Adelaide stables on represented by Guess work, Boy's Wife, First Water, and Tocal ; whilst the Tasmanians ore Sheet Anchor and Stockwell, albeit the latter is now owned by that thorough turfite, Mr. William Bailey, of Ballarat.. The Newmarket Handicap also contains many fliers of note, including the twice-told winner Aspen, Larpent, Lothair, Guinea, Gadarz, Trevallyn, Verdure, Bagot, Boolka, Bassanio, Baron Von Mueller, Fry- ingpon,.Haidee, Ghost, Squireen, Totalisator, MorpethjCreswick, Hesperiazi, Surrey, Kings- worth, Ac. These named have been inais- criminately bunched together, irrespective of whence they come, as there will be ample time to further analyse them after the weights ore out ; but enough hat thus been stated to ehow that the March Meeting can be looked forward to with secure confidence by the V.B.C. officials and with pleasing an ticipation by the horsey public. The comic eide of the picture is the customary appear ance of Lord Burghley's name, as foretold by me would be tbe case despite the declaration that at last he had retired from the burlesque of sporting silk to the more serious duties of the stud. 