LIFE IN LONDON PAST AND PRESENT. (Miss Life.) AT THE GAIETY HAR. MY young friend the kinsman of the Mikado has been getting up London, chiefly with the aid of a set of Kelly's Post Office Directory," twenty-five consecutive volumes, a complete file of Punch, and the ballads of Mr. Henry S. Leigh. He is in love with the Strand. " "Would I dine with him some- where in that street of streets-him and Doddery? I had no objection. Would Saturday afternoon suit me, not for dinner, but for a stroll, or an hour or two at the theatre, dinner to follow ? To be sure ; but why Saturday afternoon ? he replied On a search for new pleasures afar we may roam, But the dearest are nearest at hand; What a source of enjoyment awaits me at home in my Saturday stroll through the Stroud. He had clearly read his Leigh to some purpose. Mr. Hodder, who is never so happy as when he is combining a description of London topography with a dinner of herbs and everything else in season-had thrown no obstacles in the way. As for the place, let Shiniadzu himself make the select (lion. That intelligent native of Japan promptly selected the Gaiety. " This, you will observe," began Mr. D. as we stood in front of the theatre wherein the sacred lamp of burlesque is perpetually burning, " this is one of the most famous blocks in London." " Block is American, and we are in London," interposed Shun, who had by this time successfully resisted the demand of the cabman for another bob. " Yes, yes, you are quite right," went on Mr. Dodder, " but you know what I mean." He was rather put out. While he paused to recover Shiniadzu murmured with satirical significance, "Knowledge comes but wisdom lingers," and then passed on his own account, all attention. "At present the Gaiety ' Theatre and Restaurant absorb the greater part of the block. At the Wellington-street corner-which is the property of Mr. W. H. Smith, Messrs carried on the business of the Field, Queen, and Law Times newspapers. Round the corner, entirely in Wellington-street, is the office of the Morning Post, which, I may inform you, is the property of Sir Algernon Borthwick. At the other corner of the block, in Wellington-street, is the Army and NUVJI Gazette, which paper you may be interested in knowing how addressing himself specially to Sliiniadzu-" is edited by" the pen of the Crimean War, the famous Times correspondent, Billy Russell." Of course the gentleman was a friend of Mr. Hodder's ? Mr. Doddery could scarcely go as far as that. Then, why Billy?" In America the renowned war correspondent is called Bull Run Russell, but here, sir (this from me, severely, to Dodder), we give the gentleman his title-we say Dr. Russell. Mr. Dodder resumed. Adjoining the corner of which I was speaking, though not part of the block itself, is the Victoria Club, an institution the nature of which Shiniadzu was already acquainted with at all events he said enough to show that he was not in need of enlightenment on the subject. His view of the Victoria was that of an establishment where the backing of horses on an extensive scale was reduced to a social science, where executing a heavy commission on a race was an operation that might be agreeably blended with the pursuit of friendly billiards (especially in winter and the discussion of the products of a blameless cellar and an irreproachable cuisine. (By the way, it is astonishing to find how rapidly these Japanese acquire useful knowledge.) '. Tlte tavern at the Catherine-street corner of the block," continued unabashed Mr. Doddery, will one of these days become part and parcel of the Gaiety property, which, as you may not be aware," again singling out Shimadzti, " is owned by Mr. Edward Lawson, the editor and proprietor of the Daily Telegraph. Formerly-" It was now time to interpose. Mr. Dod- der's lecturing manner had attracted notice. What did he and Shim say to a bit of luncheon ? It was yet early, and we could fix the dinner for any hour they pleased ? They said " Yes." We entered, and made our way to the extreme alcove or box in the bar, and summoned Alick. The dimensions of the famous bar in cubic feet may be ascertained on applying to the architect. The length from the Strand entrance to the staircase, which leads down to the grill room, varies according to circumstances. The hansom cab driver, who has followed his fare, with a desire to settle accounts, has found the distance|extremely.short. That was because he did not at the same time find his fare. The impecunious one, on a prospecting expedition, with silver, not to say gold, in his mind's eye, has retired from the quest, persuaded that a walk from one end to the other of Wimpole-street is a trifle in comparison with pacing the length of the bar. There is a side door, which opens into Catherine-street, and which is mostly affected by carriage company, the Old Bohemian, Mr. Spier's, and those highly distinguished authors who had we had business with Tinsley Bros, over the way. To the left as we enter from the Strand There is a door that opens into the vestibule of the theatre. Said door remains closed in the day time. The counter terminating at the upper end with the entrance to the left, and thence to the kitchens and so forth, is also on the left hand. The said counter sloped slowly to the west, and terminates with the vestibule door just mentioned. There have been occasions when the slope was not confined to the counter. On the right an elegant box of cigars, also an oyster counter j also, on the same side, as far as Alick, luxurious rece&ss; with tables in the centre of each for lunching and other purposes of refreshment. Up the centre sin tubs in tubs and tables, and a considerable article of furniture that answers to a harbour of refuge in a crowded thoroughfare. It is a tall, ornamental framework of wood, and serves the double purpose of In re- ceptacle of superflous articles of dinner games tiirc,andsomcthing substantial to lean against, while you negotiate with a manager for that engagement for juvenile lead," discuss the sale of a horse, or make arrangements for the production of that five-act tragedy in unmistakable blank verse. A lofty ceiling, handsomely decorated ; magnificent mirrors and the work elegant gasaliers in fact, everywhere " decoration," pure enough and rich enough, to reconcile -the place to Mr. Oscar Wilde is a suitable retreat for a man who desires to devour his rag out of butterflies in comfort. Alick has never seen Oscar, that he knows of, but he is well acquainted with Willie, and is, therefore, reconciled to his fate. He lives in hopes that Oscar may drop in one of these tranquil afternoons and order a double porter notice, or in rump steak and kidney pudding and oysters for two. . Alick is the favourite water. Like in- sidious Mr. Pauncefote at the Albion, there is nothing in any known bill of fare, from the wing of an ostrich to the potatoes of an elephant, which Alick could not induce the most dyspeptic of lunches to lay siege to. the has a confidential not to say a seasoning way with him that is invincible', He is not destitute of a sort of dry humour, which is peculiarly his own, and, what is of more lnqioilance to him in his vocation, he has the keenest appreciation of the humour of his customers. Jlis walk, or rather double hlmlfiV, is sedate ; the sort of movement that would become a butler who had graduated in cellular and sideboard undertakings in the household of a duke. As a matter of fact he graduated at a place called Cremorne, With his shrewd English face, mutton-chop whiskers, and composed manner, he would not, so far as cut goes, be very much out of place in the Church, especially if his benefice were situated in a hunting district. There is the air of cross- country about him as well as a suggestion of parson. Alick controls the suggest corner in the bar, that which we have chosen, as well as the adjoining table, and there are gentlemen, old, curious, and crusty, like the port which they prefer to" your thin rubbishy wines, who, on failing to obtain a seat at Alick's table, im mediately betake themselves to during houses elsewhere. "What I was about to say," observed Mr. Dodder, taking up his parable as though lunch were the very last thing in his thoughts, was that upon this site once stood Exeter Change." " Oh !" exclaimed Shim, " I know. The lions and tigers, and Chuny, the elephant who was shot." Very much shot, I remarked, having given Alick his final order. It then became necessary to explain that Mr. Doddery was not precisely right in his topography. The change in which the "beasties," as the humble Cockney of a former day would have called them, were imprisoned, was not exactly on this spot. It was, as well as the later Exeter' Change, higher up." The auditorium of the theatre absorbs most of the ground. It is interesting to know, as, ignoring Mr. Doddery, I take leave to inform the kinsman of the Mikado, that Mr. A. 2>. Bartlett, the superintendent of the Zoological Gardens, Regent's Park, was, born close, by. As a boy he saw some of CKuuy shot. " But the later Exchange -" began Mr. Dodder. A Have a potato, Mr. Doddery, I replied. I was coming to that. The office of the Era formed a portion of this building, and also that of the Illustrated Times. Here, too, there dwelt in business hours, a wine merchant named On why, who was a kinsman of the clever artist of the same name, who illustrated Henry. Cockton's novels. The latter change, which saw amongst other things, the rise and fall of a London-American journal, started in the interests of film Lincoluites', was never a commercial success, and so it was converted into a Musicke Hall with a face of a severely ecclesiastical character, and Mr. Alfred G. !\Tauce was engaged to warble that immortal ballad, "Slap bang^herewe are again." In order that there should be no lack of refining influences of a vocal character Mr. Stead was engaged to imitate a kangaroo, and Mr. Nash to show the superiority of man to the laughing hyena. There was also a ballet, the female performers in which were in advance of the age in point of classic severity of costume. Although the raiment could not, according to our present lights, be called aesthetic, there was very the of it to find fault with. As yonder gentleman with the blue cheek and chin would express it, Mr. Musicke Hall dried up, and then a forerunner of General Booth took the place for religious services!,, They dried up, also, or at any rate, were not continued, and-you know for Dodder), and you see (to Shimadzu) the ultimate result. - "What cheese will you take, sir? Roke fore, grew-year, commonness, station, or gorgonzola?" "I will take gorgonzola," replied Mr. Dodder. " By the way, you can tell me. Those young ladies s They are kept hard at work, are they not ?" " Depends on what you call hard work, sir. I suppose you have been reading them letters in the papers. Well, all I can say is that it is not our firm they are lying at. Gorgouzoler, sir ; right, sir." I Mr. Dodder belongs to the order of determined philanthropists. He is a grievance hunter, and once on the scent of a grievance he is difficult to choke softly Nothing disap- points him so much as to learn that the creature whose cause he rushes in head- long to espouse is not ill-used. It was evident from the admiring glances which Shi- maize bestowed on a relay of young ladies that appeared in single file behind the counter in the act of relieving the like number going off duty, that Mr. Doddery was not the only person who took an interest in the great question which Mr. Dodds had put to Alick, It was more than ever necessary to approach the subject with exemplary austerity. " It is extremely doubtful, Mr. Dodder, whether there is any establishment in Great Britain employing a larger number of female assistants which is better managed in rela- tion to them than this. You have been reading those letters in the papers. Alick was right. Now, we'll take a case-" Coffee for three and cigars. May we smoke?" It was Shinuulzu who spoke. Alick saw no objections. We smoked, and the oracle continued his remarks. Say a young lady who wishes to join this firm in the capacity of barmaid. Well, to begin with, she must be highly recommended, present testimonials from her former employers (if any), and from persons of known position in her neighbourhood, especially from those who know her parents. She is accepted, and her name is entered in a book. There comes a time when fresh assistance is required, and she is taken on at a salary of 10s. a week. For ' this she has to be at work every day, and, in most cases, every other Sunday, four hours on followed by four off. She is boarded with her co workers, separately, with servants to separately wait on the companionship," The cooking is also separate. Nothing is expected in the shape of service from this young lady except what you see. The table kept for her is liberal, and every other contribution to her comfort on the same scale. I need not tell you, Mr. Dodder, that the sanitary conditions under which this young lady lives are as perfect as they can be made. Once off duty, and she is, as Hood would say, within the limits of becoming mirth, mistress of her time. If she be so minded she can retire to a pretty little drawing-room provided for her, and as Theyre Smithi observes in " Uncle's Will or something like it-illustrate to any extent she likes the musical coalition of the Virgin and the Scales ; or, if Chopin fail to allure, she can take a walk or indulge in a nap. Of course, this young lady, if she be clever, does not remain in the 10s. six- week groove. She may advance from that to 12s. (6d,, to 15s., to 20s.. and so on. There is a manage! ess in the firm, who receives a weekly stipend of 23 12s. 6d. Strict? Well, yes, strictness is necessary. Every young person who engages herself to Spiers and Pond does so with the understanding that she may leave or be sent off at a moment's notice. Furthermore), she agrees to another stringent condition namely, that she may be despatched, without being told the reason why, from Dan to Beersheba, that is to say, from one of Spiers and Pond's stations at John of. routs to another at Lizard Point. Say, from any cause considered good and sufficient by the manager of a department, a barmaid has to be removed. She is sent to the central office, having previously been informed that her things must be ready, and provided with a ticket for her destination, wherever that may be. " Look !" exclaimed Shimadzu, " who is this?" Presently, presently, The notable Freudenberg of this remarkable London Club, for in all its essentials it may be called a club, which is known as the Gaiety Bar, can wait. The crowd will increase. Let us make an end of the subject we were talking about, if only for the sake of illuminating the dark mind of grievance-hunting Mr. Doddery. Where were we ? OF at the point of departure. In a word the young lady who joins this firm engages to go anywhere at the word of command or take the consequences, in other words, her leave. It goes without saying that the young ladies here are, as a class, persons of exceptionally respectable position and training. Many of them remain a long time with the firm. There is one who was with Mr. Calvert, the manager of this branch sixteen years ago, and she is in the service of Spiers and fond ' to-day. Not a few of them marry well, and some brilliantly. No young lady who marries directly from the establishment is allowed to go away empty handed. It may be added that every manageress receives annually a present of a silk gown, together with something generous in the shape of the blood of the grape to gladden her heart withal at Christ- mas. Each manageress has a fortnight's Holiday given her, and each of her assistants a week. " Who is this " again interposes Shimadzu, this time with impatience. Bide a wee. We shall come to him presently, or rather he will come to us. The last time I saw poor dear Christopher Pond he sat in this very seat, and communicated the facts which I have been narrating for the edification of all whom it may concern. He related some of his gold-digging experiences in Australia, and described the commencement of the great fire in that country when associated with him and his partner were Messrs. Simmons, Calvert, and Tipper. Until the other day these three were yet in the firm. Our genial friend here, the broad-shouldered, deep chested gentleman, who began the business of life at this end of the world in a printing office, is Mr. Calvert. You know,' of course, that it was Messrs. Spiers and Pond who engaged the Eleven of All England to visit Australia, that Mr. Spiers came over here years ago with such a splendid offer of " terms " to Charles Dickens that one wonders how he resisted the temptation ; you 'know, also, how Mr. Spiers', having failed to allure "Boz," took out Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, how- - , z z, i " Who is this ?" This, . sir, is Number -One ; dies being almost too broad to be conceived by any narrow mind is assignable to the fact that Number ' One has discovered how to take care of himself. Do not,' my dear Mr. Dodder, quote landing the a lean earth," &c.;, or any other similar line, all that sort of citation has been done before. You will observe as he re- moves his black felt Sombrero (sombrero is the word, is it not by the brim of which is as broad as Jumbos prompt ear, that his locks in no wise resemble those of Hyperion In any Exeter Hall performance of a drama founded on the story of David, one would not think of casting him for the part of Absolom. ' Is it not Mr. Weller, senior, who declares the width and wisdom go together. Surely. The remark applies to the doctor here. He is a military surgeon, retired, and a teacher of sanitary science. If you want to know how to pose in the presence of the bootmaker who is about to make you a new pair, the reasons why the throat should be left uncovered, when and where, and in what quantities to indulge in coffee, cigars, cayenne, and cognac, ask the doctor ; or read his book, which is rather more entertaining than a novel by Ouida. You would scarcely think it, but there was a time when the doctor was an equestrian and used to " ride about " a great deal. The short slight gentleman with him is an actor-a low comedian. In his time he has played many parts, but it is doubtful whether the proprietor of that shrewd twinkling face could not have imparted additional humour to the dialogue of most of them. Just now he considers racing a more profitable pursuit than billiards. At home, over the water, he is a determined gardener. There is a story to the effect that he once purchased several packets of seeds in Covent Garden, and sowed them all " at one fell swoop." As he afterwards observed, it was "all in, run or not." There is not a kinder soul on the turf than the bland, smooth-shaven gentleman who accompanies the doctor and Fred. A man universally beloved, as he deserves to be. Inquire his character, as the showmen say, in the eastern counties. There is no man better known where the fragrant bloater or more pronounced high dried holds sway than he none better liked. Every year he provides a prize to be sailed for-or fished for, which is it in those waters, and every year there comes to him, fattened for the table, a dish to set before a king namely, a noble cygnet. He is a politician of the deepest dye, and Gladstone is his idol. At the last general election it was his proud privilege to make a long journey for the purpose of voting, contrary to the advice of his friends, who said he would not be wanted. The candidate he voted for won by a majority of one. The fourth member of the group, the handsome gentleman with somewhat of a Spanish cast of countenance, is connected in an extensive way with the business of the stage. But who are these ? You have quoted Henry S. Leigh, my young friend. Here you are again : There is mirth in the breezes, and mirth in the skies, And the children of Thespis ni'O Glad. While he hurries to grasp his hebdomadal prize, can the name of the manager who had I See, the gait is defiant, the visage serene, As he strides like a wolf to the prey. Sunny hope sunny faith-in their triumph are soon. in the Strand upon Treasury Day. Not entirely appropriate, perhaps, but it will serve. The bard himself is the first of the group, and there be mines and many mere in his immediate vicinity. Mr. Leigh has inherited at least a portion of the matter of Douglas Jerrold. The listeners who have heard brilliant things in their time are fortunate. He is "i' the vein." Their faces ripple with laughter. Every Johnson has his Boswell, and the bard's is with him. An architect who is literary and elocutionary, and who has designed theatres. ' A tall, thin figure, a singularly fine face, eyes of peculiar intensity, grizzled hair that curls obstinately, a trumpet voice. Listen to half-a-dozen of these clean-cut sentences spoken with a stateliness that tells of the execution of a bygone period, hearken to the Ghost in "Hamlet," to a poet of great natural powers and a painter to book, When are those reminiscences to appear, on author of "The Lady and the Rose in The story of the experience as leading man with the Roxbys should be interesting. Near him, that apparently well to-do notice farmer body, is the Gravedigger and, if it please you, Dogberry. Near to them, borne down and sad with the cares of increasing authorship, is the short, spare, but erect figure of the first actor. In the centre of another group with spectacles on nose, stands Horatio Apomantus, explaining to the listeners how Radio Nicol Jarvie and the Laird o' Dumbicdikos should be played, Not far off, tall and defiant, stands our newest Macbeth, There is a far-away expression in his eyes that betrays the student. He is evidently thinking of some- thing or other. Have a care, my handsome friend, lest thou love that figure of thine. A course of cycling might be desirable. There is a burr in the hearty, energetic talk of yonder sturdy, perky little fellow is a merry face beneath a tall hat-which smacks of the banks of the Tyne. Fair befall thee, Mat, up Islington way. may'st thou prove a veritable Mat on' the Mint-in the auriferous sense. This quiet, well-dressed gentleman, with his wonderful store of re- collections of stage, London, and circus life, has in his time helped to build up the fortune of many a circus proprietor. He grows younger. ~ Here come the authors. And the journalists. JYonder tall young gentleman, six feet four if he be an inch, and let us hope not still growing, is-" A Wild Rose." We hear the sound of "A Peal of, Merry Bells," and as the author passes by wonder why he has allowed the, time to pass him. Come, Leopold, old fellow, give us another Mathias. They do say that years ago he invested the pantomimes of Nelson Lee with artistic merit. Here comes the old Bohemian. His eye is as bright and his speech as vivacious as in the days when the Savage Club was held at the Gordon Hotel and he fulfilled the functions of caterer. Doctor, where is, that mammoth beer engine, and when may we look for the new cookery book and the publication of the new table mustard? The author of " Sweet Innisfail," stouter than of yore, and " C. C. R., the latter hearty and genial, as usual, and with many a good word for his brethren's work. There is a hark forward cut about the poet calculated to disillusionised the searcher after an ideal and that bit of ash plant which he carries so jauntily and rises to emphasise, to underline as it were, his piercing sentences, is decidedly horsey. No, sir, that fresh-complexioned, compact little fellow is not a master mariner, but a master of the art of acting as one might express it, from A to Z. His conversation is apt to become confusingly discursive, but hear him sing a patter song ! That martial, not to say field-marshal figure, is-well, he is the owner of a chest full of orders and decorations, proofs of his having played with honour and success the part of Dugald Dal- ' getty in many lands. The gentleman who might from his appearance be a retired coachman, is a warrior of another description. Sir, he seconded Heenan when Heenan fought King. Hedoesnotlingerlong. He is looking for somebody. The gentleman who is standing at the rate of six miles an hour, his destination the grill room, his aim luiicheoiiH is Mr. Memory from the British Museum. This thin, spare young gentleman, who wears a white neckcloth and speaks choice American, is a thought reader. He can read your inmost thoughts with ease, and yet, he is unhappy because in all his readings he has been unable to find a cure for rheumatism. A group of M.P.'s ; the gloomy young gentleman who contemplates surrounding humanity with an air of austere scorn is W-; the gentleman of somewhat southern exterior, alert and vivacious, is S-E- and the third, who, but for the elegant moustache and air of swelldom about nia raiment, would suggest the Roman Catholic priesthood, is G-. C- is not here, more's the pity, and the member who wears a red scarf is also absent! Those two gentlemen' in earnest conversation with the Im pays are special war correspondents. One of them with quivering piece nez and ditto hat, his operations with the latter military, decidedly military, and remindful of former str juggles with an uneasy busby, once fought for Don Carlos (was it Don Carlos s). He also discovered the real rights and wrongs of the Indian famine. The other fair and also spectacled, is one of the most rising novelists of the day. He was the last special to leave Plevna. There are other men of note who might be noted, but, and it please you, Shiniadzu, and Mr. Dodder, we will leave the Gaiety Bar and go to the play. We may be afforded another opportunity of studying this most remarkable crowd. 