TRUE GrHOSl' JSlOJilES. The two ghost stories told (says the .London correspondent of the ' Liver pool Mercury)' by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological JSOCietT. When hardly more than a *«,« av jjituuaHcer, me tuture defender of vivisection was studying for the medical profession, he had a horror of ghastly details of the business, which he imagine i he could never overcome' He was cured, strange to say by a fright. Having to take some medi cine on a windy night to Lancaster Oastle, he had to pass through the room in which he had taken part in dissection. Jusc as he entered the room with the basket of medicine under his arm, the cloud which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the future biologist saw what he thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking down upon him He turned round trembling, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. TJ«» ™ *.;„„*„ in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and found that he had been frightened by mortuary sheets, he braced his nerves up fi0 that he was soon collecting skulls. He made a nne set, but for a long time he could uot get an Ethiopian skull At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got permission to have his head. It was again a windy night when the operation of iDUlu*.us tue neaa was determined upon. But habited in his long cloak then the fashion, and provided with a blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the he.d safely stowed awav. As he left the room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. Attempting to recover himself, he lost his hold nf the bag, the head fell out, rolled with mcreasiug velocity down a flight of st*ps, across a courtyard, and settled with one eye open and the other shut, in a room where two women shrieked. The professor rushed wildlv after it, J took no notice of the women, seized the skull, put it in the bag again, and ran from the Castle, jbour or five yeais afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergyman, to whom she had something iu ujji. xne doctor begged her to tell him, as no clergyman was near enou-h to be cailed in time. At length she spoke. 'Oh, sir, I had a husband who was a negro, and, I fear, a bad man. He died, sir, at Lancaster Castle; and oh j sir, I was standing one day in the rooms when my hus band's, head came out of the floor and seemed to ask me to help Lim. And then, sir, the devil «am« rl,™,.,ri, the door, snatching up the head put it in a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I had never done anything. And 1 had done no thing. Oh, sir, what can I do for mv poor husband's soul ?' — ? According to tho ' Age. a very u--lv rumor of bribery and cor%ption °3U connection with the recent appoint ment ef Mr. West to thf^siS of ?!£; ^ -°f *th8 ? Yarrawongashire (V ictoria) is afloat m the town. The report is founded upon a ietter, which has come lol.gfet, addresed '/the said «aTas' * JW?,^ Si*ned 'ti' F toalas. Ihe followmff are extracts :— ? x,ear w est,-AUOvf me to collgI.alu_ i late you onyourappointment. Tom and I worked old SJoas ritfbt this time. I had paw him £2 on account, and he vo.ed straight. Sinco tnen'ue has 'PPf1*0 ™ for the balamce,£3 which I have paid him. When you ire m funds you can send a cheque for amount.' Mr. SlnSB « +u« «jLm,-j™* ? i Aarraw°ngashire, and voted tor the of the appointment of Mr. West, ttreat indignation exists, and the rate payers deinaud a searching investiga- 1 lion. & 6 Mistaken identity occurs at times with horses as well as human beings. (says Jiataplan m the 'S. A. Times') Th« following may appear lather far stretched, but nevertheless it is true, and happened at Morphett viile last Saturday:— A Mr. ? invited a friend into the 'saddling naddoek to inspect a beautiful jumper he had — ? that in time would beat everything; and smash up the ring. ' Feel his quarter,' said the owner, lifting up the rug with which he was clothed ' what do you think ot him ?' ' Oh, I dont know — not much,' said the nvited one. Almost at the same instant the owner was touched on the shoulder by a small lad who said, ' Please, sir, that boy over there wants you. Mr. ? at once once went in. the dirction indicated, and was allowed at a resmctajbje, ^istajaQe, \\- v i his distance by his friend. Arrived beside the animal, the invited one pretty freely lavished praises on the appearance of the animal, asking at the same time what horse it was. 'Oh,' said Mr. ? , 'it is simj-ly a mistake. I went te the wrong horse in the first place — this is mine ' A Child's Heabt. — The other day a curious oil woman, having a bundle in her hand, and walking; with pain ful effort, s;it down on a kerb stone to rest- A. group of three little ones, the oldest one being about nine years old, stopped in front ef the old woman say ing never a word, but watching her face. She smiled, Suddenly the smile faded, and the corner of the old calico apron went up to wipe away a tear. Then the child asked — '? Are you sorry because you haven't any children with you?' 'I—I had children once, but they are all dead,' whispered the old woman with a sob in her thsoatt ' I'm sorry ' said the little girl, as her chin quivered, ' I'd give you one of my little brothers, but I haven't got but two, and I don't believe I'd like to spare one.' ' God Mess you, child — bless you for ever,' sobbed the old woman, and for a minute her face was buried in her apron. 'But I'll tell you what I'll do,' seriously continued the child/' You may kiss us all once, and if little Ben isn't afraid, you may kiss him four times, for he's just as sweet as candy.' Pedestriaas who saw three well dressed children put their arms h round that strange old w o man's neck and kissed her were greatly puzzled. They didn't know the hearts of children, and they did not hear the womau's words as she rose to go — ' O children, I'm only a poor worain, believiug I'd nothing to live fo r ; but you've given me a lighter heart than I have had for ten long years.' 