CRICKET. VISIT OF THE NEWCASTLE C. CiOUD TO jIATvIUR'sT AND SYDNEY. S (BY Uocnara.) In accordance with the good arrange ments effected by the energetic, obliging, and worthy hon. sec. of the Newcastle club anod the equally kind and considerate reproe sentative of the Bathurst cricketers, a team from the "coally city" left for the "City of the Plains" by Thursday night's last steamer, to engage in a friendly game at cricket. On arriving at the Redfern rail way-station, a special carriage was found in waiting for the Newcastle cricketers, and the many friends who accompanied them. -oon was it filled with twenty as jolly fine fellows as ever met together, and, all, on pleasure bent, determnined to enjoy theni selves to th:ir hearts content if possible. There was a great crush, and numbers of late arrivals could not obtain seats in many of the carriages, and were to be seen rush ing about in an almost frantic state in theirs vain attempts to do so. Extra accommoda tion was provided, but "still the cry was they come;" in such an oemergency it was our good fortune to be allowed the honour of accommodating five estimable;lIady-like, good- looking, and extremely agreeable young ladies, amongst whom were throee sisters, with seats in our compartment as far as Emu Plains, wither they were all bound to spend Eastor time with the "Old folks at home."' Some of our party (to .their eternal shame be it said) raised objections to the fair ones accompanying us, thinking their presence might operate as a blir to their engaging in their little ganme. An attempt was consequently made to oust the ladies, but failed most ignoniiniously,' 'for one of the fair daughters -of ' Eve (getting the cue from those who know hoiw to appreciate ;the "Companiy of the gentler sex, and who were determined that justice should be done on the,.premises) positively refused 'to' stir 'iinless the guard fiist: re moved her luggage. This sealed the ques-. tion, the door was closed, the whistle sounded, and we were off. , Need I:sayhow? enjoyable a portion of oun trip was made' by tie pleasant and cheerfol ring, of the young people's musical voices. 'I'will' pass over what vows4 were made and 'pro inises given, but of this I am convinced, that Cupid's dart, entered, and has :since been firmly fixed in'the hearts of niore thah one of my bachelov filends, who are to ble found almost coiitinually sighing and ap pear to have nodesiroe for amusement; in fact, are as dull as ', mutes at a funeral, or Englishmen at a' party of pleasure." "At' Emu Plains ouri firt- and agreeable com panions parted from u's, and three ringing cheers were givenin' their honour, in which even the objectors, or more properly speak-; ing the ejectors,: at the commencement of the journey joined adie ; no not adieu, but' an revoir my fair'chiirmers, and it is' my 'earnest wish that whlien ye enter into 'the holy bonds of padlock (no, I moan wed-, lock), it may be your good fortune to sonure a partner for life whose constanit endeavour: will be to keep your path as clear as .pos sible from the 'thorns and briars that too often present themselves and which make. existence, in many oases instead of being- a nappiness, an exact reverse otf that-term: To those who have soon the Blue Moun tains and their grand scenery, it is needlessi for me to speak, but to many who may not have been so favoured, I say view them as soon as occasion will permit. Sufllco it to si ythat from Penrith to beyond the second Zig Zag, the eye is dslighted 'with the' sub' llmity of the wonderful work of tihe Creator on the one hand, and the extraordinary engineering skill of man on thoe other. Those who'have never seen the' Zig Zag:dan form no conception of its igraindour, oto. It was our good fortune in returning from Bathurst, to obtaiii Ia splendid vieio of 'thi' "big Zig Zag" by moonlight. Never will the reoolleotioi of it' be blottod' from 'niy memory. 0.30 p.m. found us at Bathurst railway station, Whore we woere niet by'.the. cricketers of that place and driven to hotels. At the Club House the Newcastle men were formally welcomed in a few well. chosen words'by : . M. Naylor, rand !their; health drank in bumpers, Mr. O. II, Han nell, on behalf of Newcastle, suitably roplied. A saored concerbyby the South OperanCompany, at th'oSohool of Arts, pro. vidod amusement for the musically disposed portion' ofitho t6aiim fr' thi remainider of the evening, I The match, Bathursb v. Newcastle,--Tho Saturdny was beautifullyfineo,butthe nuinbe r of speootators not-so large as might have been expected, ;iThls," porhapjs, inu some measure was owing to and may be accuntcd for from the fact of many',holiday folks having loft the city for Sydney and other places on pleasure .boent, Towarda the afternoon, howovdr'i 150' :to 200 'visitors woro in attendaneo, , including ;i ~. fair' sprinkling of ladies Bathlqrst-: won the toss and eleooud'to bat 'flAsi, Turner and Gournall beling tl~oir representatives., .Turner was nnfortmunato, and olTftheofirst ball of the mniatbli biloed 'by' Wold 'was splendidly caught at short alips by Hall. His place was filled by Eiudorby, and tile runs came froolyifor:some time, both liin6h playing well. At hlastit ' sepnratlda li was iadin;; Gournall;bolng. run'iout': after'tby' good orlokot-heohad contributed ,109 runs. Not a very lbiig 'iuteoial 'iidtorriudd' oe'o Bndorby was caught by Wobb. 1Ho mado iu a very oroditablone annor a good 15.-li'or sdmoe tino after this the "fates" appeared to be agilunst l BUtlurrt.murlkiilg a lopg total,, ari wioloet aftor wiolkoet fll'for'-vry f(w rius, J'ames Pal'er and A., Vest,. how ever deotormind au nhl.ration' shuldibo' niado of ia.:lnolo f'avonurabo chnarrqtor, for tliheir sidb, an'd'lkolp 'possoaeioii 'of thi wlckets for a oonslderable hporiod,"'andl n'atorially inoroeased tho.scoro, bringing on clianges in theo' boivllng' and niakinifu matters lively for thie floldamoen, althouglhi they had to succumb, having mnade by good orilkeot 18 and 10 reopootivoly, including 7 smidrios the innings furnished 07-rnus,' Wobb bowled well, and sooroued tile bost ayorago, 84;balls, 3t 'unI 5,w.lQkolt'fe.Wopod, Robinson,. and .Smill, also ,bowlod,.. beho grounid was iarrd aindpln yod. i tloiuhclroiosly' a.nd vory fast Noweoas;lu'eont Siiiltlh"t?v ? Bryant to opun tholir loonutrth t.ruundlora. g Tln '1tlrnor antld 0. Weas, SOlen nico batting was shown, parblatlarly,by 'Jiryant,, whopmado somero oextror il.y 'p'rIly and iJtt'0 l'vol,;o llta. , ,Spjitlh ,.coi briu)ted j-.8,,| t.?\qi T.errior dlisplraccd hiis l.llsl,wt?? li" igoood uone, llafl jolunotd lryhutn , in?ropioi'ril hi'ri'c6i'd with an braco, and beotwoonl the pair mnau'y -runs woro imadoe lJrlyan~tir ta u le I'iatidl: lifti anu opening for '\ulb, who put. up 5, Woord lext: JOerirup . inll ' g,-nto, gmdtlti total wa?dlbhgidateti y irdff[?ot1,?a 1? played "along the carpet,," .showed flue form, batting with groat onro, and'was top scorer with a well-earned 42. Wood played in his usual; vigrouis, :free;" and! effective style, and lost no opportunity of punishing the leather. S. Webb, who lad relieved Turner, at last found his way in Wood's wicket, who retired with 37 to his credit. Bowden (9) was the only other batsman that did anything, worthy of notice. 141 'was the total of the innings, leaving New castle the winners by 44 runs. S. TWebb was most.successful with the ball on behalf Bathurst, being credited with 0 wickoes for 23 runs; Hall, Wood, and 'Bowden being among the number. The fielding' of the Bathurst men was not of a first-class character, being rather of i loose and carie less description, while that of. New castle was very good; ?indeed, and deficient of mistakes. 'Bowden, Berkeley, Webb, Owen, and Hall, particularly dis tinguishing themselves in'this most iml portentportion of the game. Bathurst, in their second innings munad the largenumber of 215 tons for 7 wickets. Turner, who i went in first, made 114, of this total, and for nearly two hours gave a magnificent display of the game, and defied the efforts of the whole of the bowlers to dislodge lhii';: his' batting: was simply grand, ball after ball. being sent away, with terrific force; in many cases far beyond tho boun dary fence, and, in more than one instance, clean over it. I was delighted with the exhibition, and have no hesitation in saying that no intercolonial team should play with out the aid of such a brilliant "all round man" as Turner. Enderby again played well, and credited hinmelf with the rood' score of 45; Jas. Palmer made 15. Robin son had the honor of' getting Turner's wicket, and also of premier average in thu trundling department of this innings 4S balls, 19 runs, 1 maiden, 4 wickets. All thoeprevious bowslers got, a most :hr'cl',and. unmerciful "leather smashing," .and' the field treated to more than gentle exercise, Whilo'th'c great batsman was in. Between tie innings excellent luncheon was served in the grandstand. 'Mr. :Webb, LI.L.A., the chairman, proposed the health'of the Newcastle cricketers. Mr. C. I?. -anunell, in a lengthy speech, replied, expressing the gratification he felt, in common, with the ,Newcastle trau.-in visiting.Jathurst, and thauked thetalfor their lib'rality and kind ness, such kindness being, he could assure them fully appreciated; he trusted, at next Easter to seo the Bathurst men at Now castle, where, he could assure them, a most outhutiastic and hearty welcome awaited themn, Mr. Hannoll then gave tlie health of the B3athurst cricketers, to which Mr. Webb, jun., their captain responded ;, th health of the visitors was acknowledged by Mr. Henry Stokes, whoi said"he "was de. lighted with the.trip, and pleased at the kindness shown them. What partibularly struck him was the splendid scenery he had viewed along the, line. of railway. Before. 'closing this notico.. I mui'st iay. I was astonished at the size, and appearance of. Bathurst, its splendid public and iother buildings, wide streets bleing especially' noticeable, forming as they do such a marked contrast to Newcastle and Sydney it this'respect.: ?Oh Il for s?ich a? dSdhol bof Aitis for' Ne?ic?tle `"is' :Bathurst dani:lay: claim to.; it;is a.credit to that city, and it is not too much to say has no equal outside of the metiropi1is--thdn again the Court house, public, schools, telegraph office,d Messrs. Webb's. warehouses-the .,beau tifully designed chuiches and olia'els together with the iimany pretty..p`lviite dwellings, situated' oi gentle undulating hills, and last; liuti'not'. least, the extreinme cleanliness.of the placoealtogother makes ~;a picture extremely.attractive to the eye, and one not easily to boforgotten. \\\We left Bathurst by 11S.3 0 .m. train, after spond;l ing a socialevening with many of the leadI ing gentlemen ofthio town, at which,esongs, recitations, etc., etc.,;were given ad.,lib. and arrived at SydneySunday morning ati 7.30 a.m. .. Match, Carlton v.Newcastlo -This matoclm was not finished'fdr want of time ,,Carltonsa included several players of the Interoolonial fa?ri and others also, not unenibers of their club; ilitheir ranks; so tliit Newcastle had' a hot lot to meet. 'R iddlestone, Moses, O'Gllvie, A. Gregory, andothers beng pitted. against them. Notwithstanding.thisarray oj talent, which only required two or three more names to make it a representative eleven, the Newcastle team acquitted them selves splendidly, and I felt quite proud of their performance.Yj 'The :Carltons made a big score-225-Hiddlestone44, A. Gregory 30, and the brothers Moses, being. the prin. oiprl.contributors. This looked a h?tge lot t get, and'Newcastle wentmanfully to work to endduivourtogoet tle. Thanks to the good batting of Smith, who .went to. the creases first, and played a'not-out. innings for, 75,1 in which not the ghost of a chance was given, and Halli (who latprtsont is in his best form) who used the willow to much advantage, tmaking dais,runs in a vory,, clean nanner, and ptutting oin it w'll-oarii'ed '3; and yebb, wito,played well for his 13, but vas unfortunate Itd 'attompting to got a hligh ball away to log. The provincial Imeon, as tlhey are wont to be canlled by their,big city brethren, socured148 runs for the loss of 7 wicketsis Tiking "oiic thing into conside. ration with another;,- the Noweastlo'pliyers should be proud of their skill, The ground was much worse' than thateof Bathurst, abumped" awfully, indsoeveral unploasant and painful iujuries, wore reooeived by Ithe bitsmeil,'notablyHiiddlestone, W'lhtiad ono of his fingers out clean open; The brottors Maddison scoured th0o best average in bowl ing, but at the beginning were a little nor-vous. They, ,however, bowled fairly well 'The fielding of"Neweastle was not first-lass. O'Gilvie, Nunn Hiddlostono, and A, Grogory bowled for the CaOnrltons. NMr. C. H. Hannoll and hMr. 1H. Stokes wore unpirei and scoter' for. Nocaltlo' in. 1boh mantolmhes, I, The' followin'i~vih "repr.esoent theLilly. irhitos&'on SnraiýiirY1 nat ;13itii\v;od --Alln, Reogan, !DavjdeohnrTohnson,.rF1eing,:Lauo,, :uiowittj Kennedy$'Owon; ilirt,''Nasli. !The' fol16iviiig is th&o;':tesui;for the, 2nd; Eleven AlNiozt v. YHalniltoniRosobuda 0.0,,. on tho. formeros ground, on Swtnv1ddy next, -Rlolierdsonv llartup, =c1ý., 'titiJayior, I: Taylogi W. ]Cing'` F," JClrng, Stdowe, iunic, Camnps, Newton, TIoemns,;Edg a'Wr; .. j Tho', following nRnmns lnvo, boon ebosen , to` vdp'eswiont' 'tl6d13hijývood United' ( Cilekot Club againnt the 0lorlue4 Oriolcot; C0mb, on liurwood grolull I to oomnmencu o 130 sharp , \--Butler, Con son, Sparbn, (Cook, rweoonoy, WLinsor, Traooy, StOlwaRt, Da)Ylos, D)unenv, 'onoway 3 omer~gnelos, Lovell; D, Lewis. .Lillywhites a 'nd 2nd l3;rwood on Lilly ~Nhites',, alu'ylna ,-Slrlll te e, ,I jllotf; nllor, jopad,.,Lativ· nlathor, i.t'1l1ut1;;" I'rlcat, Aru .u~j~ ,liiles, Flilllipjs:' ~ . '', .ý."': ,,; 1;! .Tfho:fPilo wig:,w illr irolioesonb ,tlho lsing, Stars 0.0, v. flaliway 0lorionleaO0, ibtlWiic hniii, oti, l atirdieV 1y' :LLB? tnti IC i: lIiiC1iesill 'Sinion,' 1.11(n1d' Fl, 'Perry, COanips,"1Vili, Olulow, 'Warren, Nowling; V'rkoj' 1i, Ho ward, .1231, 