hamlet: Tho announcement that Shakespeare's master liieco " Hiunlot" was to bu produced at tho ltoyal I'rincoss TUoatro by tlm I'omuuiy Dramatic Com pany, assisted by Mr. W. .1. Ilillmi, as tho l'rinco of Denmark, was tho moans of drawing together a largoaudience last evening. It must In) admitted that the performance felt far shortof anticipations, and for oneo tho fortunes of tho melancholy prinoo, which cannot as a rulo fail to awaken in tense enthusiasm, woro regarded with indifference. Although " Hamlet" is a plav in which tho most tultttitftulo noting by Ml t\io principals is essentially necessary for its successful representation, the interest last evening centred in tho perfor mances of Mr. Dillon, u.s tho l'rineo, and Miss Louise l?omeroy, us Ophelia. Mr. Dillon's truly oxcellont rendering of this most dillicult charactor is fresh in tho remembrance of those who witnessed it four or livoyearsago. Hav ing froiiuontly rehearsed tho part, and havinggivon it successfully on live or six soparate occasions, ho was accurate in the text, and won tho admiration of his most uxacting critics. It cannot by any stretch of imagination bo said that Mr. Dillon achieved n similar success last.evening. Of course, it must bo admitted that he assayed tho task before him surrounded with very many disadvan tages. Consenting only a few days ago to assume a character which ho last enacted exactly four years ago oil tho first of tho present month, his preparation was necessarily hurried. Undor such circumstances, Air. Dillon is to be excused for many short comings observ able last evening. Ho was very imperfect in the text in places, and his delivery of some of the finest passages was thus greatly marred. llo was unimpassioued and dovoid of earnestness iu scenes woro lire undauimation were most necessary. In addition to these defects, ho had apparently failed to gauge the depth of voice necessary to lill tho house, and was at times heard very indistinctly. ITogavotho soliloquy " To Iw or nut to bo" m soliloquising tones, and with excellent expression, but whs by no moium letter perfect. In tlio closet scono with his mother, tho Quoon, his noting >vium vory good, and tho play scone, in which hu was woll supported by tho rest of the company, was given witli oxcollont effect. It is a pity that it was not possiblo to givo a littlo more time for preparation, as tho majority of tho drawbacks enumerated woro duo to defective memory. Miss Pomoroy ossaycd tlio part of Ophelia for the first timo, and although hor concoption of tho character was good, and hor acting at times admirable to a degree, tho impersonation cannot by any moans bo classed among hor best efforts. She studied tho part somo oiglit or nino years ago, and, as it was stated in tho advertisement, she appeared as tho gontlo, pure, and loving Ophelia last night in grateful remembrance to her preceptress, Miss Emilia Leicester. She played tolerably woll in tho interview with J lam lot, wlioro she is finally overwhelmed with grief at tho apparent overthrow of Hamlet's roason. In tho latter part of tho mad scene she was most succossful, and tho applause at tho con clusion wan loud and continuous. Mr. F. G. Appleton appeared as tho ghost, and invested his description to Hamlet of tlm manner liu mot bin death with tlio solemnity bolitting tlio speech and tho occasion. Mr. J. tr. Joyce played tlio part of tho chamborlain, l?olonius,very well, and delivered tho speech " And these few precepts in thy momory" in first-class ntylo. Mr. Arthur J'llliot's representation of Laertes wasvory successful, and ho imparted into tho charaetorthat impetuosity which distinguishes Laortes from tho princo so markedly. Ho also assumed tho part of tho lirst playor, and delivered tho apeoch "Tho rugged Pyrrlms" with admirablo emphasis. Miss 1). Lewis looked too young as tho Queen Gertrudo, but otherwise hor impersonation wan fair. Mr. Chas. 1 lall was tolorably good as tho King Claudius, and Mr. Frank Gorald was passable as Horatio. Mr. Harry Loston appeared us Kosenorantz, and was also a fairly elovorrepresentation of tho lirst grave diggor. Thisovoning "Hamlot" will be again produced. Miss Poineroy will assume tho part uf the Prince of Denmark. It was in Sandhurst just a year ago that sho made horsqeond or third appearance in tho character,'.and niado a' favorable imi)ressiou. Hlio appeared in it in Melbourne a fow weeks ago, when tlio press credited hor with having vastly improved. Thoro sl)°uld consequently be a good audionco to-night, and as she will have tho good support of hor company which a repotition secures, it ia to bo hoped that thoro will bo a good house. 