Tales and Sketches. THE HEIR OF THE CROWESTS. (FROM TRUTH.). Lord Crowest left a widow and three chil dren two sons and a daughter. The eld est, the young Earl, was only six years 0f age. When her husband died Lady Cro weat ceased to reside at Crowest Court, family seat in Warwickshire. She had a prejudice against the place, though it was the pride of the neighbourhood, and she therefore readily consented to the sug gestion of the trustees that it should be let for a term of years. A tenant was orthcommg m the shape of a wealthy Australian merchant named Palmer. This gentleman became highly popular in the is net. He was a kind and generous host, a thoughtful neighbour, and a good friend to the poor. He had a pleasant wife and two pretty daughters, and his wealth naturally obtained for him admis sion into the charmed circle of the best county society. *i.C«W68t afforded capital shooting, and the Palmers always had the house full of rather oddly-assorted guests during the autumn. Towards the end of last year a young subaltern named Charlie Bathumt was invited for a few days. His regiment was stationed at a neighbouring town, and Mr. Palmer, happening to hear that the young man was a connection of the Crowest family—a distant cousin of the late Earl—good naturedly asked him to come and make acquaintance with the an cestral estate, and more particularly with tho excellent preserves. Charlie Bath urst was a handsome, blue-eyed lad of 20, who had a happy knack of ingraifaf,-^ himself with everyone. He was veiy boyish, and his honest simplicity and high spirits soon won all hearts. His visit to Crowest was a decided success, and it was prolonged considerably beyond its limits. On the evening before the day on which lie was—after many false starts—to rejoin his regiment, the male guests were seated round the smoking-room fire before retir ing to rest, when, as frequently happens towards the 'witching hour of midnighf the conversation turned upon the subject of supernatural apparitions. Several sto ries were told of a blood-curdling tend ency, and at last some one asked if Crow est Court did not possess a haunted room. Not that I know of," answered Mr. Palmer. " There was no ghost included in the lease; at least I did not stipulate for one." I never heard of there being such a tiling as a ghost," interposed a neighbour who had been prevailed upon to stay the night, " but I have a recollection of hear ing some story about one of the many rooms." " To be sure," added another local mag nate. '' There is a legend that years ago —at the beginning of the last century— the eldest son of the then Lord Crowest murdered a guest in his sleep. Ever since the room in which the deed was commit ted has been kept closed, for it is said that any heir of the Crowests who sleeps there will never live till the morning." "Nonsense! Absurd! An old wo man's story," said Dr. Boulton, a Cam bridge Professor, who had very cut and dried opinions on most subjects. ' Very likely; I am only repeating what I have heard," said the narrator, ra ther curtly. " Has any heir of the Crowest's ever died in the room ?" enquired Charlie Bathurst, who had listened to the con versation open mouthed. " All1 it would be interesting to know that, said the professor, who seemed per sonally aggrieved by the stoiy. " The old housekeeper might know. She has lived with the Crowests all her life. If she hasn t gone to bed we will ask her to step in," said Mr. Palmer, ringing the bell. A few minutes later the old lady was curtseying in the doorway, rather abashed by the company, and coughing at the to bacco smoke. The professor immediately assailed her with questions—" tackled her," to use her own expression—with the object of proving that the stoiy was a complete myth. But the housekeeper stood upon her dignity; and, as she evi dently regarded the haunted chamber as a sort of family distinction, she did her best to maintain its character. She was forced to admit, however, that no one had ever died there within her recollection; that she had never seen a ghost, nor been witness to any supernatural event in con nection with the room; and, finally, Bhe was brought to confess that the room was unaccountably damp, which was the cWf reason of its not having been ntiH^ There is no mystery whatever, yon see, said the professor, addressing the company when the housekeeper had left! the room. " This is an instance of how ghosts are created. A room is shut up for sanitary reasons. It remains shut for a year or two, and then some idler begins to wag his tongue, and gives wind to some cock-and-bull stoiy which soon develops into a legend. I hope this shall be the last we hear of there being a haunted room at Crowest You ought to make one of the servants sleep there, Palmer, and so put an end to this nonsense." "I should never get a servant to sleep in the room," said Mr. Palmer, " unless, at all events, some one would sleep there first, so as to break the spell. I really do not think it is worth making a fuss about." "Perhapsthe professor would lil™ to tiy the experiment," suggested one of the company, significantly. " I would without hesitation," said the professor, with evident sincerity, " only I confess that at my age, even in the cause of civilisation and enlightenment of my fellow creatures, I shrink from Bleeping in a dark room. Rheumatism makes a man a coward in such cases." "I will sleep there. By Jove! Ishould like to," cried young Bathurst, eagerly. " Pd give anything to see a ghost. I've never had a real adventure in my life, and this will be something to talk about at mess, at all events." " mp J>OV J1' raid Mr. Palmer, laughing like the rest at the W'8 eagen»eas. " What is the g ' besides, you are going away to morrow." " Well, I can sleep there to-night. Do let me, Mr. Palmer! Please do!" urged the lad, who seemed delighted at the prospect. " But remember the damp. You will catch your death of cold," objected his host. " I can hare a fire, I suppose ? Besides, what is a cold ?" said the boy, with sove reign contempt. Well, you can do as you like, of course, and I will have the room prepared at once, said Mr. Palmer, reluctantly, for his hospitable soul was vexed at the idea of a guest passing an uncomfortable night, even at his own request. " There can be no real risk, you are not even the heir of the Crowests." ' No such luck," said the boy, " I wish I were." _ Besides, the story is a vulgar super stition," added the professor, convinc ingly. | _ ®*e order to prepare the room was given, and caused some little excitement among the servants. But, inasmuch as the apartment had been occasionally en tered in the daytime, and its evil reputa tion was only vaguely known, there was no difficulty in getting the necessary pre parations made. When it was ready, the occupants of the smoking room trooped in a body along the corridor to inspect it. Young Bathurst led the van, evidently proud of his undertaking, and could not forbear expressing disappointment at the homely aspect of the room. It was of; feir size, and had apparently been re papered at no very distant date, though the walls were a good deal discoloured with damp. An antiquated four-poster, devoid of hangings, stood in a comer, but most of the rest of the furniture had evi dently been gathered promiscuously from other bedrooms. A huge fire blazed up the chimney, and, considering the short time at their disposal, the servants had done wonders in making the room cheeiy and comfortable. Pon my word, it's a capital room,' said the professor, standing in the middle of it and looking around approvingly. " That fire has driven away the damp air already." "I hope so," said Mr. Palmer, who [ was fussing about superintending all ar rangements. " But I shouldn't sleep here, my boy, if I were you. A room that has not been slept in for years can't be verv healthy." Well, here I am, and here I'm going to stay," returned the lad, taking up his stand in front of the fire with an amusing air of proprietorship. " Til bet you a so vereign, Mr. Palmer, I shall sleep as well as you do." The host laughed good homouredly, and having exchanged " Good-night" with all, young Bathurst at length found himself in possession of the apartment. He care fully locked the door, and-then niaain short tour of inspection. He began to feel a little bit nervous now that he was left alone, for, to tell the truth, the ghost stories he had heard had rather upset nerves. His purpose of sleeping in the room was a piece of boyish bravado, aris i ing partly from a love of adventure and partly from a desire to distinguish him self. He waB rather relieved, therefore, j now that it had come to the point, to find i nothing in the aspect of the room calcu lated to inspire alarm. He took the pre caution, however, upon turning into bed, to place under his pfllow a neat little re volver, which, as a newly-fledged officer, he carried about with him as part of his personal luggage. Being thoroughly tired out with the exertions of the day, he be came drowsy, and in a remarkably short space of time was sound asleep. Breakfast at Crowest, under the Pal mers' regime, was a pleasant, dawdling meal, which lasted till mid-day. The next morning nearly everyone had assembled round the table at ten o'ciock, but Charlie | Bathurst was one of the absentees. The ! younger Miss Palmer pouted at this, for she cherished a sentimental attachment /or the lad, and felt slighted at his being late on his last morning. But no one else thought anything of the circumstance —or, indeed noted it, for he was not fa mous for being an early riser. In the middle of breakfast the post-bag was brought in, and a lull occurred in the conversation, broken only by desultory comments uttered by the fliflhrpnt mem- j bers of the party in reference to their correspondence. All of a sudden the hostess looked up from a letter Bhe was reading, and uttered an exclamation which attracted general attention. "Why is it, my dew?" enquired her husband. " This is dreadful! I have a letter from Lady Blanche Marchmond—you know who I mean, John: the H**! of Lindon's daughter, who was so civil to the girls last season—containing the most startling news. This is what she Bays," and she proceeded to read as follows : " You know, dear Mrs. Palmer, that I am not a purveyor of scandal; but I can not help telling you the latest, because it "will interest you very much, as you are living at Crowest, and I am afraid there is no doubt it is perfectly true. You know we all thought Lady Crowest very strange, and considered it odd of her to have preferred to live abroad so as she was left ao well off There was al ways a mystery about her antecedents, but as she was an American, nobody took any trouble to make enquiries. It now transpires that she had been married be fore, and what is worse, her husband has turned up. He went to the Crowest fa mily solicitors, and wished to he heavily bribed, but this was, of course, refused, and the af&ir; is know* all over London.-1 No one believes lady Crowest wilful! committed bigamy; but I fear she dim* ' vered that her husband was alive so< , after she married a second time, amt co ! cealed the fact from the Earf. Peor j «av ih« man la a great scoundrel. » J Lady Crowest is rather pitied; hut the most dreadful part is the position of the Earl's poor children." Here Mrs. Palmer came to an abrupt stop, and hurriedly folded up the letter, apparently recollecting all of a sudden that there were young people present at the table. For the same reason, no dis cussion ensued, but.the men exchanged glances. There had been vague rumours concerning Lady Crowest for a long time, and the news was more startling than surprising. Who gets the title now, then?" en quired the Professor, in a matter of fact tone, as he turned to another part of the paper he was reading. " Hum ! Ha! Very sad," murmured Mr. Palmer, rather Bhocked at the Pro fessor's bluntness. " I suppose it will go to the late Earl's brother—poor Jim," replied a local Squire, pleased to be able to supply the informa tion. " Poor chap ? He won't live to enjoy It long. He is paralysed, and has softening of the brain. His life isn't worth a year's purchase." "Any family?" enquired the Professor, who always liked to thoroughly sift a sub ject. " No; not even married, nor likely to be, considering he is in a private asylum returned the Squire. "Who, then, is the next heir?" en quired Mr. Palmer, with sudden interest. "Why—let me see? I don't know much abont the ramifications of the fa mily, but it must me—why, of course! It is the young gentleman who is now staying in the house here—Mr. Bathurst," said the Squire, looking up with the air of a man who has made a pleasing disco very. " My goodness me! Do you hear that, Professor?" said Mr. Palmer, looking rather uneasy. "He is the heir of the Crowests, and he slept in that room last night. He doesn't seem to have come down yet. Here, Jakes," he added, taming to the butler, " go at once to Mr. Bathurst's room—the blue room in the North wing—and ask when he is coming down." " It is rather a singular coincidence, now yon mention it," returned the Pro fessor, evidently struck. "But, of course, , the legened is all nonsense. He will tell us presently that he never slept better in his life," he added, in a reassuring tone. But almost before he had finished speak ing, the butler returned, looking rather scared. He had met one of the footmen, who was just coming to Bay that Mr. Bath urst's room was locked on the inside, and he could not make him hear. " Come, some of you !" cried Mr. Pal mer, starting up, his ruddy face turning suddenly pale. " I hope to God no ill baa befallen him." Followed by several of his guests, Mr. Palmer hurried to the corridor in which the young man's room was situate, and mad<» a vigorous onslaught upon the panels of the door with his knuckles, at the same time calling the lad by name. No answer being returned, a lmniuJ wmnulnilon -was held, and it was decided to burst open the door; but, ere this could be done, the housekeeper appeared with a duplicate key. With some difficulty, the key on. the inside was dislodged, and the door opened from without. The host was the first to enter the room, and, as he did so, he uttered an exclamation of relief. The young man was apparently sleeping calmly, his fair head half buried in the pillow. But a closer inspection excited a dreadful suspicion, and it then transpired that the poor lad was cdd and dead. On taming down the bedjlothes, the cause of his death was at oiee revealed. By his side lay his little revolver, which had evidently been dischargd, for the white sheets of the bed bore acrimson stain. Of course, tiis painful tragedy was the result of a pu?e accident, which might have happens! to any one imprudent enough to slep with a loaded revolver under Mb piLw. The Professor, whose nerves were stronger than those of the rest of the prty, proceeded to prove this to a demoritration then and there. A | tiny fragmet of the sheet was torn and I adhered to the trigger of the revolver. Evidently te weapon had slipped down from undeihe pillow, and a fold of the sheet had Might in the trigger. A sud den moveisnt of the sleeper had caused a tttmin * this particular fold, which brought alut the explosion of the wea pon, withfatal results. The poor boy's night-shir was scorched and blackened where thdtain of blood appeared, show ing that tB muzzle of the revolver must have bee almost touching his body when the fatalf occurred. The JofeBsor's theory was plausible enough,Dd, in fact, there seemed little doubt tit the sad event had come about in the iriner suggested ; yet there was not a fson present who did not imme diatelyecall to mind the sinister fact that ti poor young man had met his death the room which was said to be fatal ithe heirs of the Crowests. " ^re will be an inquest, of course,' concl^d the Professor, " and then the causff death will be so clearly proved, that* connect it with that absurd snper stitl ^11 be out of the question." jn Burns, a seaman, was charged at the^ewcastle Police Court on Friday -^{having stolen £36 in half-sovereigns fry the person of Elizabeth Barrett, a m.ied woman, at the Castlemaine Ho te It appeared that prosecutrix and poner were drinking together, and after rirning home the former missed her jney, also her pocket, which had ap ,-ently been cut away. Prisoner, who s shewn to have previously been with it cash, came into Newcastle, became toxicated, and was found asleep near ie Custom-house, with the whole amount f miming gold scattered around him; he taring dozed off while counting it. He was committed for trial at the next Mait land Quarter Sessions. Mrs. Langtry's proposed visit to Aus tralia is postponed till August next. Intelligence has been received that the Rev. Canon Barry, the recently appointed Bishop of Sydney, will leave England for blew South Wales immediately after Christ mas. 