IN THE VIOTOltlAN SENATE. (By the (ihont.) „Tho third day of April witnessed tha re '* aflBembl i ri g ot Pnrliamont. The date is suffi ciently close to tho first of tho satno month, to bn at least suggestive. The Oonncil pre sented its usual appenronco. A gontlo chronic dullness is tho main characteristic of tho Uppor Houso, and this was in no way chunged on the first day of moeting. Neither Mr Anderson's statement that thero would soon bo another holiday, nor a inild little jolco by Dr Dobson, at the expenso of liis late Ministerial colleague, causing evon a passing remark, Half an hour was ample for all tho work' thero was to do, and at the expiration of „that time tho Council adjourned for a ??neck. ' Not for a dozen veurs at least — sinco 1871 — lias any Ministry on firnt meuling Parlia ment been able to boast of such a following , ,. ns the Service-cum-Berry administiation. j [Honourable members appoared to vie with -i ..each' othor in their anxiety to sit behind tho ' true Liberal' and tho 'good Conserva tive' which Messrs Servico and Berry havo respectively avowed themselves to bo. Truly ooalition, liko adveisily, develop strange companionships. Dr Quick, side by side with Mr, Walker, Mr Fox in jnxstaposition with.Mr Bell, Mr Laurens on tho Bamo seat .as Mr Harper, and Mr Orkney iu tbo samo '''''I-ow m Mr John Gardiner aro now actualities wbicli a few short weeks ago would havo heeu reckoned remote, if not impossible con tingencies. Tho ' two leaders' must indcod liavo felt proud when looking behind them to see the close phalanx, solid as .that of Maco ? ? iddiiia, by which they wero supported. A :.,-]b'ok at their serried ranks must, however, to those who can read between the lines, have -called to mind tho ' army of martyrs.' For it must have indeed been martyrdom to mem bers of both parties to find themselves in their present position. Ah, well, they* will not havo to suffer eternal punishment,. You may shake up oil and vinegar until they mix; but ere long tho two will find their lovels and separate. So will the much mixed Liberals and Conservatives in tho Assembly ere long take their true places. Then chaos will havo come again, aud tho present Ministry will go. And when that happy monuont ariives, ^perhaps ex-ministers will look more' cheerful 'than they do; now they are condemned to the exile of the Opposition benches. The front opposition seat was tenanted by as weary looking a quintette as ovor sat to Mr Speaker's left. Mr Graves in particular looked as unhappy .as his name,, nnd Messrs Grant and Bolton as miserablo as bandicoots — though by the way why these animals Should be so proverbially melancholy is a fact in Australian Zoology requiring confir mation— iand even Mr Bent looked loss jovial and rubicund than is his wont. Perhaps the ' remembrance of having lost both their head and tail — Sir Bryan and the ' Doctor' — did nqi conduce to thoir enlivenment. Honourable members were, of course, on the opening day of the session on their best behaviour. Will it be believed ? Mr Bent never uttered a single word during the whole time tho sitting lasted. Perhaps he is reserv ing himself for future emeigencies. Tho only thorn in tho Ministerial bed of roses is apparently Mr M'Intyre. He reminds one forcibly of the thistle of his native land. While he was there ho did not intend, he said to let tho Ministry havo it all their own way. Right J my dear sir ! The best team would run riot if not kept somewhat in check. But would it not be more according to Pur I'amentary etiquette wore you as chief oppon ent of the Govornment to take your seat rm the front Opposition instead of on tho cross benches ? The Assembly on Wednesday had a more business like air about it than it wore on the nrprevious day, and it bore out tho promise of its appearance. Beforo settling down to ; -!';? work', there was a little interlude occasioned by a complaint emanating from Mr Zox that honourable members supporting tho Govern ment were cramped for want of room, and a .i- ii. - ' suggestion that additional benches should be '-?t ?( ii provided for tho- accommodation of the Min isterial following. Mr Zox said ho was 'squeezed.' Ah, Mr Zox ! May I ask you hpw, yon like the process ? It is the habit of gentlemen of yonr persuasion, I know, to J'j'squeeze' Christians, and not to bo squeezed by. tliem. Perhaps tlio natural law of com \ ipensation is being worked nut in ' your per son. But bide a wee — as Mr M'Intyro would ; : i : i ! ;!-sny, ere long thore will be lots of room on tho , l side, of tho Assembly you now grace' with '' ' ' ' your presence. It is not often I find myself n agreeing with' Mr Bowman;, but the honour able member's prediction that before many months, aro oyer the Opposition sido of tho' House wi|l not present the beggarly array of empty seats it does now, will assuredly be ful filled, and then thero will be amploroom, and \- ? ? ? enough for you. It was cruel to Mr Grant not to pccept his. suggestion that the Government supporters should cross the floor of the Assombly and make themselves comfortable ou his side of the House.' ' Will you walk into my parlor said the spidor to the fly'? But the flies only laughed, like iil-mannered flies as they aro, and saw through the artifice. If anyone lias up to the present entertaino l doubts in ' ;V,;£.V;re(jard'to'Mr.'Grant's astuteness thoso should now assuredly bo set at rest. Tho proposition was not made iu any jesting mood, but in staid, sober, earnestness, and it is -no doubt on this fact that lies the joke which appeared toibe so much appreciated by tho people's re presentatives. - Contraryto general expectation' the sitting was prolonged until the hands of tho clock pointed (4) eloyon. During tjib .evening Mr Mirams -'obtained the long wished. for op portunity and brought forward Ilia motion for Stopping all further alienation of lands. How the JlttleWau. did revel in figure's to bo sure; j', ... ,? T^ey fell/rom his lips as 'glibly as 'hustings promises from those of a candidate for Par liamentary ? 'honours. . Poor Mr Laurons 'jlboked t'p.'be.-bursftng with envy, and actually crossed tho floor of tho Assembly, whother tlie better to be able to listen or to show his. : ' ' disapprobation of his arithmetical rival, is a matter of doubt. All things, however, have an end, jis 60 ut last had the speech of the meiiiber for C.illingwood. ' At half-past eight the little great man sat'down, and hbn IlV .oiirable. members who bad betaken them an ,K.;|v.;ti lo aim .billiard room or to the portion of tile building.over -hicli Mr Gregory- ' pre- mdes, ciiiiie trooping in to hear. ,Mr..Bervice's eiitieUm on bir Bry!in.;.0'Li)ghlen's manage tuont — or mis-mnnauemeiit-^-ol' Ihei country's finances. The prcisent* Premier riid 'niit si/urn Itis rival, buO»on, tho wholo lie- did ^ not; paint liim in colours quite so lilack' ns lie might have done-hud lie been actuuted by wlmc^Si^ ' .-.w.CUfirlfk Uuffy used ;to t'.-nn ' tliu., black, hile of personal uialiguity.'-. Members must huvu felt^-aB'Mr-Socvibe'went on 'with his ;story, « = 'j I ' ' ' ' : ' li,-:,' that the colony had had o lucky escape. An other year of the happy-go-lucky style of' financing adopted by Sir Bryan, and tho colony's cheques might have boen returnod with those omniouS letters N.S.F. on the back of them. Whon Mr Servico had finished polishing off Sir Bryan and his chief aide-de-camp, tho Assombly had evidently had onough of figures for one night. Tho arithmetical Osaa rnised by Mr iNiirams lmd been topped by Mr Ser vice's numerical Pelion, and at eleven o'clock tho Assembly was cleared. j Tho preliminary skirmishing did not oc cupy much time on Thursday, and Mr Bent, | who was armed with a mass of returns and j papers thnt occupied somo tlireo feot .of ; the; front Opposition bench, ontored upon his do-', fence. Mr Bent, evon in his most happy | moments, is not a taking speakir. Ho is j much given to ' damnable iteration, ' and on Thursday 'iterated' rather more than usual. To Mr Lavater's official figuros, lie; opposed some of his own, and then with all tlio vehomenco at his command denied all tli'o al legations .brought i against him. 'Poor Tom's a cold' was the remark made as tho hononrablo momber for Brighton resumed his j seat, and Mr Gillies rose to domolish him. ! Tho Commissioner of Railways handlod -Mr Bent gently. He put him on tho hook, des pite his wrigglings as old Izaac Walton re commends the angler .to do his worm—' ten dorly as though- ho loved him,' but lio impaled him nevertheless. Mr M'Intyro camo to the rescue of his newly found friend, and then MeSsrs Grant and Wrixon uttorod somo oft told truisms in their usual didactic style. Thoir philosophy is of tho prover bial kind, aftor — vary much after, Martin Tupper. Then tho Assembly, doubtless to show tho country how zealously it guards its privileges as tho custodian of tho public purse, voted Inst years' 'estimates in globo, simply making a wry face at. one or two littlo items in a total of nearly three millions. It showed its economical proclivities by cutting down a vote for tbo Goelong botanical gardens from £1000 1 1 .£700. .Poor Geolong! over dos tmed to be the corpus vile on which experi ments are tried ! This effort apparently exhausted tho work ing powers of the popular chamber. It was now midnight, and at that witching hour, having missod all the snbur' an trains, hon ourable members betook themselves to their well earned repose. 