Cricket. HAWKESBURY v. WISEMAN' Bv ONE OF THE BUYS. ON Friday evening, the 9lh instant, Mr. H. McQuade's steam launch left Windsor with a freight of cricketeis of the H.CC, bound for Wiseman's, as they had to meet the McDonald Club on tho morrow. When the voyageurs had gained their sea- legs, they bo gati to settle down to make things comfort able for tho trip. Tile crmestibles were in terviewed with great vigour, und then the proverbial picturesqueness of the noble river was intently searched for by the pleasure, seekers. They did not have to search long, for beautiful landscapes met the enraptured gaze at every turn. Do not be alarmed, 1 am not going to enter into a long tirade of tho enchanting foliage which walls in the " stream of molten silver" ; of the undula tions of the verdant crops in the balmy breeze ; i:or of tho weird und stately moun tains in the background, which cast a sombre shade o'er tho sequestered vales of the dis trict aruund, rendering tho scene c.ilui ¡ind beautiful ; neither am 1 going; lo tell you 01 the golden sunset's rays, which, sparkling on the glistening, rippling waters, make them appear as though brilliants of every hue wert1 struggling for mastery in never ending splendour; no, not me-that's been done lo death; lam merely going lo write of thc good time we had, and how we long for such another. All through the trip the boys were as jolly as a dog with a tin tail, singing, laughing, chatting, and indulging in harmless badinage, making the time pass as agreeably as possible. Just before we reached Wise man's vre encountered what appeared to be ? thc forerunner ol' thu " big storm "-but il proved only to bc a " midgy pheller," and we snapped our lingers at it, having confi dence in the good t>-|iip under us, and we gaily steamed along, foi aye on pleasmc bent. Upon arriving at our journey's end, all nature was hushed, save the occasional croak of a frog ir. thc " old church," which, stand ing out in bold relief, didn't seem at all an enticing place for one to uiako a night's so journ in. But there was soon more to be heard around Wiseman's than the croaking biz.-for one prolonged cheer Iel people kuow we were there-very much there, in fact Like a band of conspirators we uiade our way to Mr. Josh. Everingham's, who most cordially welcomed ns, and pointed out our respective roosts. lint wc didn't roost much that night-raids wore ever and anon made on the lucky wights who courted sleep, by those whose orbs wouldn't keep closed, persuade them how they would. Boisterous laughter at the uiiuierciltil prinks played upon one uuothei, kept the household awake until thc grey dawn appeared, and then the morning's ablutions made us as fresh as lark spurs. After a hearty meal had been par taken of, we adjourned to the cricket ground, and after a little practice, we went around amongst, the residents, who treated us waruiiy and wished us joy. The inhabitants now be gan to assemble, for they had laid themselves out for a gala day upon the occasion. Messrs. Marx, Wilson, and Dea>c tool; irre.it interest j in the proceedings, and trraled every one j right royally. But it would bc invidious to j draw comparisons, for cacb and every one- (H tho Lower Hawkesbury people worked hardJ to make our trip an enjoyable one. Mr. &!Q^H Mrs. Everinghiim, and the genial Mr. Tc^J Preston, we must say a word for-nothir^H was too good for us that they could obtain! May their shadows never grow less. Thefl river gents and the fair sex (bless their Mtt^Ê hearts) were with us in everything, anoW seemed to enjoy the opting quite as muoh 4M we did. In fact, we were the cynosure i^Ê every eye-which made tis as proud as S newly-married man. The boys now wenfl into the cricket field. That energetic officdl Constable McMahon, was present, and did Sfl in his power to make the al fresco gatherioS pleasant to everybody. The Macdonalditee^ captained by the veteran Mr. Owen Oava-J nough, were all jolly good fellows. TJyB boys felt in anything but a cricketing humoral but they secured a victory by 10 w'ckets. 1 The utmost good feeling prevailed through- * out the match, and though everybody likes-tft^ win, we would not have grudged the Maodon-1 aid people tho victory had they beaten ns. 1 We went out for fun and we thought of little j else. At the conclusion of the match theJ cricketers and their friends adjourned to MrTJ Everingham's, where the fun ran fast andi furious. A couple of the boys had instrn J merits with them, and they played severan pretty selections, to the delight of the visi- j tors. Stump speeches from the balcony, har- j morly, &c;, caused great laughter amongst tho: assemblage. At nightfall the hoi ¡day-seekers! began to wend their way homewards, and all of them expressed themselves well pleased with the amusement of the day. The boys now left to themselves began to renew th pranks of the previous night, until wit! laughter-aching sides, and hoarse throats] they began to search for milder amusement GhoBl-oatching was the order of the night ai it is well known that phantoms abound il great variety down Wiseman's way. Thi ghost-stories we were forced to listen would barrow up the soul of a paddymelon, or freeze tho marrow of a broom- handle, But this did not deter us a bit. We ran sacked thc old church, examined the coffins, in the vaults beneath, but I expect the ghosts were a bit chary arjout meeting suchJ a formidable body, so they discreetly kept out^ of sight. But more than one excursionist in thc dead and silent night saw just enough visions to make his hair rise like a party who S'ts down on an inverted tack. Dawn again -and still no sleep. We began to feel the effects of tampering with Dame Nature too^ much, and though sluices ever and anon re freshed us a little, we couldn't deny the fact that wo were thoroughly used up. We went rouud amongst the villagers again, and wished them farewell. They all expressed sorrow to part company ; but needs mus" when a certain party drives--so we embarked and set sail for home. The day was beauti fully fine, and us wo steamed through th pleasing vistas, a cool breeze blowing the while, wo felt a trifle revived, but it was evi dent that ibis time we were returning home ou our ears. We passed the Florrie, with party of excursionists aboard, and the Young Charlie with another batch. A few of the river crail wo overhauled, and for each we had a friendly word, as wo were saluted by them with something akin to enthusiasm, The folks along thc banks came down toi wave us on, and everybody seemed pleased] willi our success. Arriving home a bevy o admirers were awaiting us, and after manyj episodes were related, we retired to homes, and wo never paid more attention tL slumber lliau wc did that night. The boj^| were satiated with glee, and spoke in glowin^^ terms of Mr. McQuado's kindness iu placing the steamer al their disposal, and hoped thai on thc next occasion he will be with theuiH He was expected by everyone at the Ferry-T bul pressure ol business kept him away. TJ following are the scores : CËNTHAL. MACDONALD. First Innings. Cuvai ough, b Hauabus ... ... 1 Mead, b Marr .0 Daniels, b Huuabus... ... ... 1. Smith, b Marr . 2 \\. Walker, caught . 2 Fleming, b Hauabus ... ... 0 Crail, caught . 7 J. Fleming, b Marr.0 Baker, caught ... ... ... 9 Fernance, b Ilanabus ... ... 4 W. Fleming, not out . 3 .Sundries .2 Total.31 Second Innings. Cavanongh, b P. Marr ... ... è W. Fleming, b llaggar . 0( Baker, thrown out ... ... ... Ü Fernance, b llaggar... ... ... 1 Mead, caught ... ... ... 3 Daniels, lbw ... ... ... 4 Craft, caught ... ... ... 0 Smiili, caught Walker, not out ... ... J. Fleming, b P. Marr Fleming, b llaggar... Tutal 