LAUNCESTL''ON EXAMINER. PUBLISHED DAILY. IVEDNESDAY, .JULY 11, 1883 O Ult LONDON LIETTER. HOME, AND COLONIAL GOSsIE. s (For 1O5R SPECIAL CORESPOtDcNT.) ' - - ---LONDON, June 1. ro TIlI NEW i.ISHOP. k Ohantic g to be in Edinburgh on Sunday, May 20, I attended St. John's Church to hear Bishop Sandford's fare w well sermon. The elegant and roomy building, with its lofty columns, stained w, windows, mural tablets, and beautifully carved seats,was crowded, and Ihad to be dcontont with a chair near the door. The service, which had no sign whatever of High Churchism, was shortened, and the Bishop mounted the pulpit at 12 o'clock. Of middle height, Dr. Sandford is portly k as becotoes a man of middle ago, but by no means stout. Evidently lie is in prime vigour. With a bald head, Dr. Sandford has an iron grey board, 1\. moustache, and whiskers; his whole out 7 ward appearance is one of gravity, 2 lightened by a certain pleasantness of demeanour that go to make a very en 7 gaging face. The Bishop's voice is remarkably sonorous ; I heard it at the 0 door as clearly as possible, not missing a word. It is a big manly voice that seems to come from a "man." In style the Bishop is measured rather than rapid, but he speaks freely, and of course with out a trace of Scotticism. Dr. Sandford's text on May 20 was " The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." (IL..Corinthians, ,, xiii., 14.) In opening he said-I stand here to-day to speak to you for the last time. The pastoral relations of. my two predecessors ended only by' deith. It t, has seemed good to the All-rwise and All merciful to order thiigs sotherwiso in my case. The call has come tome to .rise Up, from pleasant places, to leave the work, home and frionids of many long 'aventful years-to,, turn my steps from. home t, scenes and go' forth to a new land for the time. that may remain to ' e ini life. It is well for you and for . me and mine that this change should take place, because it is His wise and blessed anid loving will. Those who have gone h before me remained to the last, and were to you models of Christian wisdom and personal goodness. I am taken from you that my place may be better filled and that you may profit more in the pastor nr ow 'to be given to you. The Bishop then: proceeded to refer to the history of St. John's, noting the main points of interest and progress in the three pasto rates which had extended over 90 years. He alluded encouragingly to the advance \- which the Episcopalians had made and tr are still making in Edinburgh, and warned d the adherents of that selfishness, exalu. siveness, isolation in spirit and feeling, indifference to the affections, habits, and tomperpmenots of fellow Christians in Scot F land, which,if indulged in, would mar and d destroy present promise. He held that they would most honour their Episcopal Fathers by taking warning from their 11 mistakes, as well as by laying to heart the lessons of their loyalty, steadfastness, holiness, and zeal for what those Fathers had believed to be right and true. The e Episcopal Church had a reparation to d make to Scotland, even though she Ssuffered grievous wrong in.the day of her trial'and visitation. God grant that the later chapters of her history might be more bright, ,more unsullied, and more glorious and happy. Finally the Bishop said (his voice trembling somewhat :) And, now, my beloved brethren, my' lips \- hesitate as 1 come to speak my last part. D ing words tb you. It will not be unseemly to thank you even from this place for all your liindness, your forbearance, your forgiveness; towards me- your long-con tinned and ever-increasing goodness and affection to me and mine. You will not cease to think of us sometimes, although we'see you no more; you will not cease to pray for us in our now and distant hoj.he; you. will not 'fail also to' read over in our hearts and prayers a loving solicitous remembrance of you all at St. John's. Pray, I beseech you, that I may have strength equal to my in r creased responsibility in the diocese to which I am now going. Help, me, o1 strengthen see, comfort me, bless me with theoassurance of your sympathy and your intercessions at the throne of Grace. I leave this to you as my legacy, my token of.undying love, my source of hope also 0 for your future-'' The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God and the Communion of the Holy Ghost, be with yoti all." The Bishop then left the x pulpit, having spoken 25 minutes, many of the congregation evidently joining in his emotion. Dr. Sandford left Edinburgh at the end of May, and will start for Tasmania from London about 12th July per Orient.......... S TIIE BISnOP'S EARLIERt LIFE. ':The Alyth correspondent of the Scots man "seids the' following notes :-" The circumstance that this new prelate, 'conse -:- orated last week by the Archbishop of Canterbury, held his first appointment to the ministry in Alyth has excited con siderable local interest in the new Angli can dignitary of Tasmania. When the I late Dean Torry resigned the incumbency Sof Alyth and Meigle in 1853, Mr. Sand Sford was named to succeed him. When Sthe young preacher came most sanguine a expectations were formed of his character, belonging as he did to a family distin gished' for accomplishments and ability, his father having been Sir Daniel Sand: ford, the Greek Professor in 'Glasgqw, afterwards for sometime M.P.for Parsley; and his grandfather had long been Bishop in Edinburgh. The hopes of the success of Mr. Sandford were not disappointed. He opened a school in cJnnection with the congregation. Shortly afterwards he, aided by a liberal body in the district, Sfound funds to erect in 1854 an extensive building in Chapel-street, used for school and school-house. He also formed a Clothing CPub that has gone on in a long career of prosperity, and has been the means of doing much good to thie indus. trial class of the town. Mr. Sandford gave the Alyth Church an impulseo of prosperity that was continued under )Provost Burton, now of Perth, when here, and the present inoumbent Mr. Aflen. After his short stay here, Mtr. Sandford was called to the large and wealthy congregation of St. John's, Eainburgh, where he has successfully laboured for.twenty-eight years. The new Biishop is the first clergyman of the Scottish Episcopal Church that has been raised to the Anglican Episcopate. It is to be hoped the same measure of pros perity that mot his exertions in Alyth and the metropolis will await him in Tas mania." TuE IlaanGRATION QUESTION. . I understand that Mr. Humphiries, the new agent, whose appointmient dates from February 13,has not yet reached London. He is, I believe, still in Italy, and is excecteuJ in London about June 7. All who are interested' in the colony will be anxious to see 'how the oew omficer is going to set to work. Frbm what I gathei from Tasmanian newspape?' it appears that there is no distinct understandling a to whether the agents who have acted for the colony for some years are to be recog t nied as the hbe?ds of your Home Immi ,ration Depar(monft, qr yeVihor 'Mp tIfomphries is himself to bIe the had. In the latter orent it is hard to see how Mr. Hmphries is to attend to busi ness i, L,ndon and at the same time select emigrants and deliver lectures in the country. The fact is the Hobart Board seem to be muddling matters very much. They are apparently authorising two separate persons to do the same kind of work, and are dealing with the ques tion in a haphazard sort of way in the hope that things will shake down some how. It is rank nonsense to be having two first mates in your oraft. Either appoint Mr. Humphries your Agent General, and give him his offices and staff of clerks, and make him the repro. sontative of the Board, or else continue the supremacy of the agents, who have served the dolony well in the pist, and make Mr. Humphrics-theii. suibbrdinato. This present plan of divided responsibility 'slnp]y will not, in my opinion, work at all; : If M"r. Hutaphries is to travel and lecture, he emphatically cannot "attend to shipment and the tlhousaind and one other datails. I have no hesitation,after careful enquiry, in saying that the sending of Mr. HdIimphries to be the co-equal, in a large measure, of the Emigrants' and Colonists' Aid Society is a great mistake ; indeed without any reference to Mr. Humphries personally-I have not the pleasure of his acquaintance-I must'repeat what I have before clearly pointed out, namely, that all that was needed was that you should send the London agents recent pamphlets, maps, and mineral specimens, and enable them to pay to their numerous sub.agents in different parts of the country a suit able capitation fee. All the duties except the lecturing are ably fulfilled by the old agents ; if you thought it desirable at all you should have sent some practical Tas manian who could have acted as a referee and lecturer to the Colonists' Aid Society. Do you soppose there is any difficulty in getting emigrants to Tasmania 1 Thanks to the efforts which your old agents have made there were, as I am told, during April and May nlow last past 1034 letters and 385 callers received at 79J Gracechurch street. This is at the rate of 0204 letters and 2310 callers per annum. And how many emigrants will your £10,000 a-year send out'l Reckon it up, bearing in mind that each passage costs from £14 to £15, andyou will find the total to be only about 500, because you must make a deduction for salaries and expenses. It needs very little insight to discover that all these roundabout arrangements which the Board has been making are likely to fall short of the effliciency desired. And then, what do you pay the two London representa tives ? 1Mr. Humphries, who has in some mysterious way to travel about the coun try, and also to arrange for the dispatch of the emigrants, is to got £450a-year, and £250 for expenses. The old agents, who as a matter of fact will have to do all the despatching work and most of the drudgery, whilst Mr. Humphries is travelling about the country, will get £300 only, with a reimbursement of certain .expenses. And do tihe Board suppose that 6204 letters and 2310 callers can be attended to without the exclusive services of at least one or two clerks 1 If so, do they imagine that clerks in Lon don work for nothing I This paltry remuneration is utterly inadequate to the justice and necessities of the case. It makes me, as a former resident in your colony, simply exasperated to see your authorities going to work in this potti fogging spirit. This looks like a special plea for the old agents. I mean it as such, because I consider-and every man who looks at the matter in a business way must consider-that the agents who 1 are best able to serve Tasmania are not treated in a manner worthy of the colony or of their services. The disparity between the sums paid to the old agents and to Mr. Humphries is altogether unjust and cannot possibly have been calculated by gentlemen per sonally acquainted with the Londen con ditions. 1 have sought to show in the past, and now again, that if you give your old agents recent information about the colony and pay them well, you will got more immigrants to Tasmania than you can pay for. Iflyou wish, as it appears, to have a lecturer to persuade men of capital to emigrate, then make him the subordi nate colleague of the old agents, with instructions to act under them. This is what should be done now, as matters stand. The half and half plan of sending home a semi-independent lecturer with undefinable duties, apparently clashing with those of the old agents, is wasteful of your slender resources and not calculated to secure efficiency ; rather to pro duco the dissatisfaction which always ensues upon divided responsibility. I would like to add that I write thus with out any personal animosity against Mr. Humphries, who is a stranger, and with out favouritism towards the old agents, to whom 1 am under nosort of obligation. I write as a Tasmanian, and with a decided conviction that the present extraordinary plan for emigration hence to Tasmania will not meet the needs of the colony. I sincerely hope that the members of the Board in Hobart will do me the honour to give my remarks that consideration which, as an impartial well-wishing and not altogether inexperienced critic, I may fairly claim. I hear that the agents will be despatch ing 150 emigrants to you between this date and July 12. One batch will go in the Orient with the Bishop. THE SECOND SUEZ CANAL. The French Company whom I. de Lesseps heads is undoubtedly jealous of England, and not anxious to accommo date her merchants as a matter of prefer once. M. de Lesseps's son, and general manager, has, however, come to see that as 80 per cent. of the shipping that goes through the Canal is British it is necessary on purely com mercial principles to study British wishes. Accordingly the Canal Company is show ing a much more pleassnt front towards the influential Englishmen who seat about the project of making a second canal in dependently of the old Company. The probability is tlhat the London agitators, lhaving succeeded in mnaking the old Company begin the construction of a aecqed cauel, will let their plan of a separate canal fall through, and do their best to secure a share in the siew under takiqg. There has been a good deal of jealousy shown in France over this busi ness. The Suez Canal is Frauce's pet scheme, and our neighbours look upon it as almost a national work, and cannot endure the idea of British supremacy in regard to it. THE POLITICAL PARALYSIS. The Conservatives declare that this condition exists because the Government have not brorght forevard measures in which the public are warmly concerned, whilst the Liberals assert that the check to legislation is due to un exampled obstructiveness on the part of the Opposition. Mr. Gladstone has just called a special meeting of the party at Downing-stroot, and taken counsel as to the tactics to be pursued. It is endoniable that the Oovornment have as yet done little to redeem their great promnises of 1880. They have beao hindered .by Egypt and Ireland. True theycould not help that; but the public judge simply by results, taking little account of the obstacles that have occurred. Thus when they see abarren record of three years of Liberal adminis tration they begin to grumble. Mr. Gladstone's Cabinet has certainly lost caste lately, and it is the avowed policy of the Conservatives fo lessen the Govern ment dignity by 'preventing as far as possible ainy progress with urgently needed measures, such as the Corrupt'Practices Bill, the Agricultiral Holdings Bill, the Tenants Compensation Bill, and so on. )no damaging influence has 'been the indign'ity whiclh e have 'undoubtedly selforved in connectin with tte Triansvaal. The Booerlhavo laughed at our Convention -and we have had to let them do no, because it is not worth while going to war oser the dispeto. ' There smain now' only three months of the sesnion. It ?as to le hoped that thp Government will manao to push some sqalutary measures ths?tgh, otherwise the credit of thoe:Iiboral party will be seriously damaged for the general election in 188. • · ,-, , / 