The Storyteller. The House of White Shadows.* CHATER I. THE ARRIVAL OF THE ADVOCATE. BY B. L. FARJEON Author of "Blade-o-grass," "Joshua Marvel," "Bread and Cheese and Kisses," "Grif," "London's Heart," &c.; GENEVA was in a state of feverish excitement. Not in the memory of living man had a trial taken place in which the interest manifested had been so absorbing. " What news from the Court House V " How many days more is it likely to last PI " What will the verdict be ?" Were questions which men and women asked freely of each other. In every grade of society, from the highest to the lowest, in fashionable assemblies, and in the cafes where the people drank their lager and red wine, in clubs and workshops, on steamboats and diligences, in the fields and vineyards, the trial of Gautran was the foremost subject in every person's mind, and formed the principal topic of con* venation and debate. So animated were the discussions that the girl lying in her grave might have been supposed to be closely related to half the inhabitants of Geneva instead of having beon, as she was, a comparative stranger in the town, with no claim upon any living Genevese on the score of kinship. The evidence against the prisoner was overwhelming, and it appeared as if a spirit of personal hatred had guided its preparation. With deadly patience and skill the prosecuting counsel blocked up every loophole of escape; Gautran was fast in the meshes; and it was observed that the Advo cate, in his examination of the witnesses brought forward by the prosecution, elicited precisely the kind of evidence that—to the minds of those who listened to him now for the first time—strengthened the case against the man he was defending. It was to those obser vers as though he shared the general horror of Gautran's crime, and had undertaken the defence for the sole purpose of ensuring a con viction. But in the minds of others, who had some knowledge of the Advocate's marvellous resources, this very circumstance inspired the gravest doubte as to the result of the trial. Instances were cited in which this remarkable man had seemed to play so directly into the hands of his antagonists that they regarded defeat as impossible, and in which by the exercise of his inscrutable powers he had led them craftily into an ambush where, by a start ling and wholly unexpected movement, he had— as it were by a miracle—at the supreme moment snatched victory from their grasp. And it galled them to discover, when it was too lato to repair their error, that he had so blinded their judgment as to compel them to contribute largely to their own discomfiture. It was in the acknowledgment of these extraordinary powers that the doubt arose whether, in the case of Gautran, the prisoner would slip through the hands of justice. The excitement had become so intense that it had spread from the ancient and ordinarily peaceful town to other and greater towns and cities, all the world over, the columns of whose newspapers teemed with telegraphic despatches of the pro gress of the trial. Special correspondents and artists were busily employed in noting and sketching every picturesque feature of the pro ceedings that afforded a subject for illustration by pen or pencil. It was impossible, without favour or influence, to obtain admission to the court; and could seats have been purchased, a higher price would willingly have been paid for them than the most celebrated actress or prima donna could have commanded. Murders are common enough, but this crime had feverishly stirred the heart of the community, and the unwonted excitement it caused was due, strangely enough, not so much to the murder itself as to an accidental connection which im parted to it an extraordinary interest. The victim was a young girl named Made line, seventeen years of age. Until a few months before her cruel and untimely end she had been a stranger in the neighbourhood, and nothing was known of the story of her life. When she first appeared in the suburbs of Geneva she was accompanied by a woman older than herself, and two facts became immedi diately apparent—that a strong attachment existed between the new-comers, and that they were very poor. This last circumstance was in itself a sufficient indication that they belonged to the lower classes. The name of the elder of the women was Pauline. That they chose to be known by these names, Madeline and Pauline, was not considered singular by those with whom they consorted; as they presented themselves so they were accepted; and, although at first a natural curi osity was evinced concerning their history, nothing was gathered from them which threw light upon it. Some said the women came from the mountains, some from the plains; but this was guesswork. Their dress did not proclaim their canton, and they brought nothing with them to betray them. They hired a room in a poor cottage for three francs a month, and paid the first month's rent in advance, and the woman who received the money was correct in her surmise—that it constituted nearly the whole of their wealth. For three or four days they did nothing, and then their choice of avo cation was made. They sold flowers in the streets and cafes of Geneva, and gained a scanty living thereby, but poor as it was they ap peared contented with it. The woman with whom they lived said she never heard a dis satisfied word from either of them, and that she was surprised they did not make a deal of money because of Madeline's beauty. Had Pauline traded alone it is more than likely that failure would have attended her, for, although she was both comely and straight made, there was always in the streets a cloud upon her face, and she did not either have the power, or would not take the trouble, to make nerself agreeable. It was otherwise with Madeline, in whose young life nature's fairest season was openiug, and it would have been strange indeed if her smiling face and * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "The House of the White Shadows" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited, winning manner bad not attracted custom. Admiration pursued her not only from those in nor own station but from sorao who occupied a higher, and many an insidious proposal was whispered in her ear whose poisonous flattery would have beguiled her to her ruin. If she had not had in Pauline a staunch and devoted protector it is hard to say whether she could have resisted temptation, for her nature was singularly gentle and confiding; but her faithful companion, upon whom compliments and flattery were alike wasted, was ever on the alert, and no man could deal with Madeline without reckoning with Pauline. She guarded Madeline as a mother guards her young, and their affection for each other had grown almost into a proverb. Certainly no harm could bef al the young flower girl while Pauline was near. But a day arrived when the elder woman was called away for a while; and they parted with tears and kisses—never to meet again. Among those whom Madeline's beauty had attracted was a man in her own station in life—Gautran, a woodman, who by some means had obtained an influence over her, and who assumed a license, permitted to no other, to associate with her. That his companionship was distasteful to her could not be doubted, but he was not to be shaken off, and his known ferocity of character deterred others from approaching the girl when he was present. Many times had he been heard to say, Made line belongs to me; let me see who is bold enough to dispute it" And, again and again, that it would be an evil hour for the man who stepped between him and the woman he loved. Even Pauline was loth to anger him, though when he and Madeline were seen together ale would say, " There go the wolf and the i." This wretch it was who stood accused of the murder of the pretty flower girl. Her body had been found in the river Rhone, with marks of violence upon it, and a handkerchief tightly twisted round \U neck. The proofs of a cruel murder were incon testible, and suspicion fell immediately upon Gautran. who was the last person known to be in Madeline's company. Evidence of the guilt was soon forthcoming. After Pauline's depar ture Madeline had expressed to companions her fears that, in consequence of her refusal to marry him, he would one day do her a mischief. According to their statement he had urged her to go to the priest with him while Pauline was absent. He was madly, brutally, in love with her; and madly, brutally, jealous of her. On the night of the murder they had been Been walking together on the bank of the river; high words were heard to pass between them; the man's exclamation, "I will kill youl I will kill you!" was sworn to by wit nesses ; and the handkerchief round her neck belonged to him. A thousand damning details were swiftly accumulated, all pointing to the wretch's guilt, and the evidence was so com plete anoTcTOshing that he was doomed by the public voice before he was tried. It was well for him that he did not fall into the hands of the populace. So incensed were they against him that they would have torn him to pieces. But, while he lay in prison awaiting the day of trial, there arrived in Geneva an advo cate of renown, who had travelled thither with his wife in search of much-needed repose from years of mental toil. His physicians, fearing that he would break down in health, and knowing that he would not spare himself, had imperatively insisted that he should retire awhile from his professional duties, and he had reluctantly consented to obey them. This man wu famous in many countries; he was an inde fatigable and earnest worker, and so important were his services deemed that phenomenal fees were frequently paid to secure them. But, notwithstanding that his time was more valuable than that of any other member of his profession, he had been known to refuse large sums of money in cases offered to him so that he might devote himself to those which held out no prospect of pecuniary reward. Wealthy, and held in almost exaggerated esteem, it wan confidently predicted that the highest honours of the State were in store for him, and it was ungrudgingly admitted that the loftiest office would be dignified by association with his name. The position he had attained was due as much to his intense enthusiasm in the cause he championed as to his wondrous capacity for leading it to victory. As leader of a forlorn hope he was unrivalled. He had an insatiable appetite for obstacles; criminal cases of great moment, in which life was in imminent peril, and in which there was a dark mystery to be solved, possessed an irresistible fascination for him. The more intricate the task, the closer his study of it j the deeper the mystery, the greater his patience in the unravelling of it; the more powerful the odds against him, the higher his courage and the keener his desire to win the battle. His microscopic penetrating mind detected the minutest flaw, seized the smallest detail likely to be of advantage to him, and frequently from the most trivial thread he had spun a strand so strong as to drag the skiff that was falling to pieces to a safe and secure haven. His satisfaction at these achievements was unbounded, but he rarely allowed an expression of exultation to escape him. His outward tranquillity, even in supremo crises, was astonishing. His nerve was of iron, and to his most intimate associates his inner life was a sealed book. Accompanied by his wife, the Advocate en tered Geneva, and alighted at the Hotel de la Metropole, four days before that on which the trial of Gautran was to commence. Chapter 11. JACOB HABTRTCH, THE BANKER, GIVES HIS REASONS FOR BELIEVING GAUTRAN, THE WOODMAN, GUILTY OF THE MURDER. " I propose," said the Advocate to his wife, when they were shown into a private room, " unless you wish to stay in Geneva for a day or two, to start for Petit Sarconnex this after noon." " There is nothing new tq be seen here," said the beautiful woman who stood before him, his junior by more than twenty years, " and I am dying to take possession of Mr. Balcombe's villa. I have been thinking of nothing else for the last week." " Captivated by the strange name it bears." " Perhaps. The House of White Shadows 1 Could anything be more enticing? Do you know, Edward, why that name was given to it ?" " No; until lately I was not aware that Balcombe owned a villa hereabouts. Do not forget that he cautioned you not to take advantage of an offer made rashly and without consideration." "It was a prohibition. What more was needed to set me longing for it ?" " You are a true daughter of Eve. Yes, it web unwise of him." "The moment he warned me against the villa I fell in love with it. I shall discover a romance there." "If it ia gloomy?" " I will brighten it. Can I not?" «ho asked, in a tone so winning that it brought a light into his grave calnt face. " You can for me, Adelaide," he replied : "but I was not thinking of myself. I would not willingly sadden a heart as joyous as yours. You must promise me, if you are not happy there, to let mo know immediately." " Dismiss your fears, Edward. I shall be happy there. All last night I was dreaming of white shadows; and I woke up this morning in delightful spirits. That is an answer to your forebodings." "lam satisfied. When did you not contrive to have your own way ? I have some banking business to attend to in Geneva, and I must leave you for an hour." She nodded and smiled at him. Before he reached the door he turned and said: " Are you still resolved to send your maid back ? She knows your ways so well, and you are so accustomed to her, that her absence might put you to inconvenience. Had you not better keep her with you for a while until you see whether you will be suited at Petit Sar connex ?" " Edward," she said, gaily, " have I not told you a hundred times —and nave you not found out for yourself a hundred and a hundred times again—that your wife is a very wilful woman? I shall love to be inconvenienced; it will set my wits at work. But indeed I happen to know that there is a very pretty girl in the villa—the old housekeeper's granddaughter—who was born to do everything I wish done in just the way I wish it done." <T Child of impulse, of fancy," he said, kissing her hand, and then her lips, in response to a pouting invitation ; " it is well that you have a husband as serious as myself to keep guard and watch over you." "To keep guard over me, if you like, Edward," she said in her lightest manner; " but not to watch. The first is a proof of love, the second of suspicion." " A logician, too," he said, laughingly; " I must agree with you." So saying he left her, and, the moment he was beyond the reach of her personal influence, his grave nature as serted itself, and his features assumed their usual calm and serious ex ression. He drove to the Rue de la Corraterio, to the house of the banker, Jacob Hartrich, and was at once admitted to the banker's private room. Jacob Hartrich, a Jew holding, by virtue of wealth and intellect, a foremost position in social circles, had passed his sixtieth year, and was still hale and strong. His face was bland and full-fleshed, his eyes bright and at times joyous, his voice mellow, his hands fat and finely- shaped, and given to a caressing petting of each other, denoting satisfaction with them selves and the world. The banker's manner was easy and self- possessed—a characteristic of his race. He was a gentleman, and a man of education. He gazed at the Advocate with admiration and curiosity; he had a high respect for men who had achieved fame by force of intellect. "Your friend, Mr. Balcombe," he said, after the first few words of introduction, "left a letter for you which he wished me to deliver personally." While the Advocate read the letter, the banker looked over the document handed him by his visitor. The letter was short, undated, and without address, and in it the writer spoke of Jacob Hartrich as a man of sterling worth, in whom implicit faith might be placed in any private or business matter. It was signed, "Your faithful friend, Arthur Balcorabe. "Mr. Balcombe," said the banker, " is very anxious that I should forward your views in every possible way. I shall be happy to do so, and, if it is in my power, to contribute to the pleasure of your visit." "I thank you," said the Advocate; "and! trust we shall see something of each other; but I come for repose, not for pleasure. When did you last see Mr. Balcombe ?" "He called upon me this very day three weeks, for a few minutes only, and only with respect to your business." <fHe is always thoughtful and considerate," ebserved the Advocate. "This letter has no address. I suppose he was on his way to Paris when he called on you." " No; I believe ho had been some time in the neighbourhood of Geneva before he favoured me with a visit. He is still here." " Here !" echoed the Advocate, in a tone of mingled pleasure and surprise. " At least in Switzerland." " In what part ?" " I cannot inform you, but from the remarks he let fall I should say in the mountains, where tourists are not likely to penetrate." Perceiv ing that the Advocate was interested in the subject, Jacob Hartrich continued: "During the short time he was with me in this room, sitting in the chair you occupy, I was im pressed by an unusual strangeness in his manner. He was restless and ill at case, as though he were dissatisfied with himself, or was dominated by an evil influence." The Advocate looked up quickly and asked, " Of a supernatural nature ? "I cannot say that. I expressed my surprise to him that he had been for weeks, as I under stood, in the neighbourhood of Geneva without calling upon me; but he did not offer any ex planation of his behaviour. He told me, how ever, that he was tired of the gaiety, the light, and the bustle of the cities, ana he declared his intention of seeking some solitude where ho might, by a happy chance, rid himself of a terror which had token possession of him. I have frequently thought of this remark, and of Mr. Balcombe in connection with it." Tho Advocate smiled, and shook his head gently. Mr. Balcorabe is given to fantastic expres sion. If you knew him as well as I do you would be aware that he is prone to magnify tritlcs —fond of raising ghosts of the conscience, for the mere pleasure of laying them Ho suffers keenly, but I am not disposed to pity him on that account. There arc men who would be most unhappy unless they were suf ferers." "My dear sir," said Jacob Hartrich, follow ing with attention and admiration the Advocate's words, " I have known Mr. Balcombe since he was a child, and I have loved him almost as one of my own. I knew his father, a gentleman of great attainments, and his mother, a sweet and exquisitely beauti ful woman. It is our long friendship that makes me anxious respecting him. We, who both hold him in high regard, m:>y speak with out reserve. A great change ha ■> taken place in him since hi< last visit to r. >, four years ago. There appears to be soiiK-thing on his mind." "There is something on most men's minds, I have remarked nothing in Mr. Balcombe to cause me uneasiness ; ho is the same light hearted high-minded gentleman I have ever known him to be. His nature is exquisitely sensitive, responsive to tho lightest touch. That may account for the change you observed in him." " The thought occurred to me that he might have sustained a monetary loss, but I dismissed it, " You were right in doing so, for a monetary loss would oxalt rather than depress him. He is rich ; it would add to his happiness if he were poor. "What are termed misfortunes are sometimes great blessings j many fine natures are dwarfed by prosperity. Had Arthur Balcombe been born in tho lower classes ho would have fonnd a worthy occupation—he would have made a name for himself, and in all probability would have won a wife who would have idolized him. He is a man that a woman might worship." " You have given me a clue to the change in him," said Jacob Hartrich; "ho has met with a disappointment in loyo or friendship." "I think not; he is open and frank, and hides nothing from me. Had he met with such a disappointment, I should have heard of it." Jacob Hartrich, with a courteous motion, dismissed the subject, and inquired whether the Advocate's stay was likely to be a long one. " I have pledged myself," said the Advocate, somewhat wearily, "to remain in this part of Switzerland for three months." " Rest is a necessary medicine." The Advo cate nodded absently. " Pray excuse me while I attend to your affairs. Here are local and other papers." He left the room, and, returning in a few minutes, found the Advocate engaged in the perusal of a newspaper, in which he appeared to be deeply interested. "Your business,"said Jacob Hartrich, "will occupy about a quarter of an hour; there are some formalities to be gone through with respect to signatures and stamps. If you are pressed for time I will send to you at your hotel." " With your permission I will wait," said tho Advocate, laying aside the newspaper, with an intent and serious expression on his face. " You honour mo," said Jacob Hartrich, and glancing at the paper he saw the heading of the column, "The Murder of Madeline, the Flower Girl." " You have been reading this account V " Yes." "Ah ! a foul and wicked murder. Where will not tho passions of men lead them?" "A wide contemplation. The girl was young?" . " Barely seventeen." " Pretty r " Very pretty. I have occasionally bought a posy of her, poor child." "Virtuous?" " Who can say ? I myself believe so, for she was modest and childlike in her demeanour." " I perceive that a man Gautran is in prison charged with the murder." " A man !" exclaimed Jacob Hartrich, with indignant warmth; " a monster rather. Some refined torture should be devised to punish him for his crime." " His crime ! I have been reading an old paper then." The Advocate referred to the date. " No, it is this morning's." "I sco your point; but the proof of the monster's guilt are irrefragable." "You lose Jightof the fact," said the Advo cate, whose calm cones were in singular contrast with the animated tones of the banker, " that he has to bo tried. His guilt or innocence has yet to be established." " The law cannot destroy facts," remonstrated Jacob Hartrich. " The law establishes facts which are often in danger of being perverted by man's sym pathies or prejudices. Are you acquainted with this Gautran?" " I have no knowledge of him except from report." " And having no knowledge of him, except from report, you form an opinion upon hearsay, and condemn him offhand. That is not in accordance with the principles of justice. It is stated in the newspapers that the man is repul sive in appearance." 44 He is hideoiu." " Then you have seen him?" "No." " Calmly consider, and place your own value on your judgment. You say that the girl was pretty. Her engaging manners have tempted you to buy posies of her, not always when you needed them. Strong evidence in your mind against a man with a hideous face. Thus, beauty on one side, and a forbidding counten ance on tho other, may be made the means of contributing to direct justice. The opinion you express of this man's guilt may be entertained by others to whom Gautran is also a stranger." " My opinion is universal." "Gautran, then, is universally condemned before he is called upon to answer to the charge brought against him." "He is a vagabond," said Jacob Hartrich feebly, feeling as if the ground were giving way under his feet, "of the lowest class. >r " And poor therefore." "Necessarily." " And cannot afford to pay for independent legal aid." " It i» fortunate ; justice will be dealt out to him more surely and swiftly." " You can doubtless call to mind instances where innocent persons have been made to Buffer.' " There is no fear in the case of Gantran " said the banker, with dodged obstinacy. " Let us hope not," said the Advocate, whose voice during the conversation had been per fectly passionless ; " and, in the meantime, do not lose sight of the fact that were Gautran tho meanest creature that breathes, were he the most repulsive being on earth, he is an innocent man until declared he is guilty by the law. Equally so were he a man gifted with great beauty of person, and bearing an honoured name." At this moment a clerk brought some papers into the room, which, with a roll of notes, Jacob Hartrich delivered to the Advocate, who rose to go. "Have you decided upon a permanent address ?" asked the banker. "We take our quarters in 4Tho House of White Shadows,' in Petit Sarconnex." "Mr. Balcombe's villa!" said Jacob Hartrich, in a tone of consternation. "Uninhabited for Jears, except by servants, who have been kept lierc to prevent it from tailing into decayl There arc strange stories connected with it." I have heard as much, but have not in quired into them. They p) obably arise from credulity or ignorance, the foundation of all superstition." With that remark the Advocate took hit leave. Chaptbb 111. FRITZ THE FOOL. As the little wooden clock in the inn of the Seven Liars struck the hour of 5, Frits the fool rushed through the open door and cried, "They are coming I they are coming! and will be here before you can cook me an omelette!" And, having thus delivered him self, ran out of the inn to the House of White Shadows, and swinging open the gates cried still more loudly, "Mother Denise! Dionetta! they arc on the road, and will be here a life time before old Martin can straighten his crooked back!" Within five minutes of this summons there stood at the door of the inn of the Seven Liars the customers who had been tippling therein, the host and hostess and their three children, and ten yards off, at the gates of the villa, Mother Denise, her pretty granddaughter Dionetta, and old Martin; whose breathing came short and quick at the haste he had made to be in time to welcome the Advocate and his wife. The news had spread Bwiftly, and when the carriage made its appearance at the end of the narrow lane, and tolled slowly up the steep hill, a score or so of the inhabitants of Petit Sarconnex were gathered together, curious to see the great lord and lady who intended to reside in the haunted house. As the carriage drew up to the gates, the courier who acted as valet to the Advocate, and who was to under take the general management of the establish ment, jumped down from his seat next to the driver, and opened the carriage door. Tho curious ones pressed forward and gazed with admiration at the beautiful lady, and with awe atthc stern-faced gentleman, who had selected the House of White Shadows as a holiday residence. For their own parts they would not have engaged themselves to sleep for a week in any one of the rooms in the villa fdr the value of all the watches in Geneva. There were, however, three persons in the village who had no fears of the house. Theso were the old housekeeper and her husband, Martin, and Fritz the fool. Mother Deniso had been born there, and was ghost and shadow proof; so was her husband, now in his eighty tifth year, whose body was like a bent bow stretched for the flight of the arrow—his soul. Not for a single night in sixty-eight years had Mother Denise slept outside the walls of The House of White Shadows, and for forty three years her husband had kept her company: but to them, they declared, no supernatural visitant had ever appeared. They had no bqlief whatever in the ghostly signs. Frits, on the contrary, declared that they came to him frequently. " But I'm not afraid of them, not I," he said; "they don't strike, they don't speak, they don't burn. Let them come, and welcome. When they leave a mark upon me I'll turn against them." Which made him a greater fool than ever in the minds of both bolievers and unbelievers. "He is himself a ghost," said the schoolmaster of the village, "with a fleshly embodiment; that is why the fool is not afraid." Truly Fritz the fool was ghostlike in appearance, for the skin of his face was singularly white, and however strong the sun it had not the power to tan it, and his head was covered with shaggy white hair, which hung low down upon his shoulders. From a distance he looked like an old man, but he had not reached his thirtieth year, and so clear were his eyes and features that on a closer obser vance he might have been taken for a lad of half the years he bore. Dionetta did not share his defiance of ghostly visitors. The House of White Shadows was her home, and many and many a night had she awoke in terror and listened with a beating heart to soft footsteps in the passage outside her room, and buried her head in the sheets to shut out the light of the moon which shone in at her window. Very timid and fear ful of the supernatural was this country beauty, whom all the louts in the neighbourhood were eager to marry, and she alone, of those who had lived for years in The House of White Shadows, welcomed the Advocate and his wife with genuine delight; Fool Fritz thought of secretly enjoyed pleasures which might now be disturbed; Martin was too old not to dislike change; and Mother Denise, although exceed ingly deferential in her greeting, was by no means prepared to rejoice at the arrival of strangers. Things were well enough before they came, and Mother Denise would have been better pleased had they never shown then faces at the gates. The Advocate and his wife stood looking around them, he with observant eyes and in silence, she with undisguised pleasure and admiration. She began to speak the moment she alighted. " Charming! Beautiful! lam in love with it already. Could anything be more perfect? so quiet, and peaceful, and sweet! Look at those children peeping from behind their mother's gown—dirty, but how picturesque; and the mother herself, is she not a picture ? What could have been the reason Mr. Balcombe never lived here ? It is inexplicable, quite in explicable. I could be happy here for ever. Do you catch the perfume of the limes ? It is delicious—delicious 1 It conies from the grounds; there must be a lime-tree walk there. And you," she said to the pretty girl at the gate, " you are Dionetta." " Yes, my lady," said Dionetta. md wondered how her name could have become known to the beautiful lady, whose face was more lovely than the face of the Madonna in the tiny chapel of Petit Sarconnex. It was not difficult to, divine her thought, for Dionetta was nature's child. " You are wondering who told meyour name?" said the Advocate's wife. "Yes, ray lady." "A little bird, Dionetta." "A little bird, my lady ?" exclaimed Dionetta, her wonderment and admiration growing fast into worship. The lady's graceful figure, her pink and white face, her pearly teeth, her lovely mouth, her eyes, blue as the most beautiful summer's cloud—Dionetta had never seen the like before. "And you," said the Advocate's wife, turning to the grandmother, " are Mother Denise." , "Yes, my lady," replied the old woman. This is my husband, Martin." " I know, I know," said the Advocate's wife, all graciousness; "my little bird was very communicative. You are Fritz." " The fool," said the white-haired young man; Fritz the fool. Don't mistrust me on that account. I can be faithful if I care to be. I was told you were coming." " Indeed 1" said the Advocate's wife, with an air of pleasant surprise. '' By whom, and when ?" '' By whom ? The white shadows. When ? Night after night in my dreams." " The white shadows—they exist them Bd- Ward> do you hear ?" The Advocate) upon whom not a word of the Conversation had been lost, fixed his eyes upon Fritz. " It pleases you to be called a fooL" "Why not T "Why-ratherr "I might answer," said Fritz, "beoauso people are not generally called by thoir right names." " That is too wise an answer for a fool. For what reason do you close your eyes ¥' "Itis a habit of mine. I can see in the dark what I choose to see." The Advocate gazed for a moment or two at the face with its closed eyes raised to his, and then said to his wife: 11 Come, Adelaide, we will look at the house." They passed into the grounds, accompanied by Mother Denise, Martin, and Dionetta. Fritz remained outside the gates, with his eyes still closed and a smile upon his lips. " Fritz," said the host of the inn of The Seven loan, "do you know anything of the great man?" Fritz rubbed his brows softly, and opened bis eyes. " I know everything." ~' What about him, then f' "Listen, Peter Schelt," said Fritz, as the neighbours gathered around him; " when my eyes were shut I had a dream of a stranger who was found murdered in your house. People said you murdered him for his money, and it really seemed so, for it was found in your possession. Things were going so hard with you that you begged the great man who has come among us to plead for you at your trial. You were safe enough them He proved td everybody^ satisfaction that it was impossible you could have committed the murder. Don't be alarmed, Peter Schelt, it was only a dream." " But did I do it?" inquired Peter Schelt, in no way disturbed by the bad light in which he was placed by Fritz's fancies. " It does not matter whether you did or not. The great man got you off. and that is all you care for. Look here, neighbours, if any of you have black goats that you wish changed into white, go to nim; he can do it for you. He is a great man —a very great man." '■" Ah!" said a neighbour, "and what do you know of his wife ?" "Whatall of you should know, but cannot sqe, though it stares you in the face." .•'Let us have it, Fritz." "She is too fair. Christine," to a stout young woman close to him, "give thanks to tlje Virgin to-night that you were sent into the world with a squint in your eye. and that your legs grow thicker and crookeder every day. V ju will never drive a man out of his senses tmh your beauty*" Frits was compelled to beat a swift retreat, fc r Christine's arms were as thick as her legs, ai id they were raised to smite. Down the lane ityw the fool, and Christine after him, amid the laughter of the villagers. i Chaptejs rv» 1 BREAMS OV LOVBt Ik the meantime the Advocate and his wife strolled through the grounds, which they found in' better order than they expected; it was evi dent that much of this was due to recent labour. " There have been twenty men at work for the last three weeks,"explained Mother Denise. " $ome of the paths were quite choked up with weeds. It is certainly a great improvement." But her manner denoted that she was not grateful for it. The orchards were stocked with fruit trees. In a convenient spot a chalet had been built to serve as a summer-house, and Mother Denise informed the Advocate's wife that it was quite new, and was only finished a week ago. "There was once," she said ; "a summer house even prettier than this built on this very spot. I remember well the day Mr. Balcombe s father burnt it down with his own hands." " How odd!" exclaimed the Advocate's wife. "For what reason?" But the old housekeeper bit her lips, and did not reply to the question further than saying, " For family reasons, my lady. The villa, too, has been repaired, and a deal of new furniture brought in. Papers and books, and pictures as well, every day. Already the Advocate felt the beneficial effects of a healthful change; his eyes were clearer, his back straighter, he moved with a brisker step. In the tour through the grounds Mother Denise walked in front, pointing out this and that, Martin hobbled behind, and Dionetta, encouraged by the Advocate's wife, walked by her new mistress's side. " Dionetta," said the Advocate's wife, "do you know that you have the prettiest name in all the world?" " Have I, my lady ? I have never thought of it, but it is if you say so." " I wish I had such a name, but they gave me an uglier one—Adelaide." " Nay," said Dionetta, raising her eyes in mute appeal for forgiveness for the contradic tion, " it's very sweet. May I speak it!" " Yes, let me hear you." "Adelaide, Adelaide," murmured Dionetta very softly. The permission was as precious as the gift of a silver chain would have been. '' My lady, it is pretty." "Shall we change?" asked the Advocate's wife.gaily. " Can we ?" inquired Dionetta, in a tone of solemnity. " I will uk the priest." " No, do not trouble. But would you like to change ?" "I do not know. If we cannot, it is no use thinking of it." "There is no harm in thinking of things. Do you like your life here ?" "Yes, my lady." " Would you not prefer to live in a city f' " I should be frightened, I think, my lady." "Not with me?" " Oh, no, ray lady; that would be happiness." " Are you not happy here ?' " Yes, very happy. "But you wish for something?" " No, my lady; I have everything I want." " Everything ? Positively everything f* " Yes, ray lady." " There is one thing you must want, if you have it not already." " May I know what it is ?" "Yes, child. Love." Dionetta blushed crimson from forehead 10 neck, and the Advocate's wife laughed and tapped her cheek. You are very pretty, Dionetta. Do you mean to tell me you have not a lover?" " I have been asked, ray lady," said the girl, in a tone so low that it could only just be heard. "And you consented?" " No, ray lady." " And really and truly you ha,ve not a lover? Where can the men's eyes bef* . "What can I say, my lady?" murmured Dio» rietta, her head bent down. " There are some who say they—they love me." " But you don't love them V "No, my lady." " You would like to have one you could lovo !" " One day, my lady, if I am so fortunate." "I promise you," said the Advocate's wife, with a blithe laugh, " that one day you will be so fortunate. Women wore made for love. It is the only thing in life worth living for. Blushing again! I would give my jewel-case, Dionetta, to be able to blush like you." "I cannot help it, my lady. My face often grows quite red when I am alone." "And thinking of love," added the Advo cate's wifd "For what else should make it red? I can see, Dionetta, that you and I are going to be great friends!" •l You are very good, my lady; but lam only a poor peasant. I will serve you faithfully." "And keep ray secrets? Mind that, Dio netta ; you must Keep my secrets." "Can you have any? murmured Dionetta; "and shall you tell them to me?" " Every woman in the world has secrets, and every woman in the world must have some one to whom she can whisper them. You will find that out for yourself in time. Oh, yes, child, I have secrets, and one a very precious one. If ever you guess it without my telling you, keep it buried in your heart, and do not speak of it to a living soul." " I would not dare, my lady." " I intend to be very very happy here, and you must help to make me so, Dionetta." "I will do my best, my lady." They walked a little apart from the other* daring this conversation, at the conclusion Of which they found themselves at the step of The House of White Shadows. "Edward," said the Advocate's wife to him as they entered the house, " I have found a treasure. My new maid is charming." "I am glad to hear it: she has an ingenuous face; but you will be able to judge her better when you know her better." "You do not trust many persons, Edward." "Not many, Adelaide. >r *" Me ?" she asked archly. " Implicitly." " And another, I think." " Certainly, one other." " I should not be far out if I were to name Mr. Balcorabe." "Yes. Arthur Balcombe. Had you mixed with all kinds and conditions of people as I have done, Adelaide; had you had my ex perience t you would have learnt to place one. quality above all others." ; " What is that, Edward f " The quality of the dog—faithfulness/ •'Before love, my dearr "Yes, before love. Love too frequently changes as the seasons do. Faithfulness is ft fixed quality. It is immutable." The arrangements within the house were complete and admirable. For the Advocate, a stndy, with a library which brought an ex pression of satisfaction to his face, a spacious and commodious apartment, neither overloaded with furniture, nor oppressive with bare spaces, with an outlook frdm one window to the snowy regions of Mont Blanc ', from another, to the city of Geneva, which at the prese&t; moment lay bathed in a soft mellow light. For the Advocate's wife a boudoir and reception rooms1! into which new fashions had been introduced: with judgment so good as not to jar with the old furnishings which had adorned them tot many generations. " Mr. Balcombe," said the Advocate's wife, "has been at great trouble to render his villa agreeable to us." " He has a fine delicacy," said the Advocate. "There is no man for whom I have ao high a regard." On his study table the Advocate found the principal newspapers of the day. He sat down and unfolded them, and his wife, seeing that his attention had become deeply engaged, pre* sently left him to himself. He did not leave the study until he was summoned to dinner, and the meal over he returned to the room and remained there until two hours after midnight, studying in the newspapers the particulars of the murder of the unfortunate flower-girl, whose body had been found in the wildly-rush ing Rhone. And while he pondered and mused, and paced the room with thoughtful face, his wife lay sleeping in her holiday home, with smiles on her lips and joy in her heart, for she was dreaming of one far away. And her dream was of love. And Dionetta, the pretty maid, also slept, with her hands clasped at the back of her head) and her lady was saying to her, "Then really and truly, Dionetta, you have not a lover I Women were made for love. It is the only thing in life worth living for." And a blush even in her sleep stole over Dionetta's fair face and bosom, for her dream was of love. And Fritz the Fool tossed in his bed and muttered, " Too fair; too fair. If I were rich and handsome I would lav down my life for her. It is a good thing for you, Fritz, that you are a fool. And Gautran, in his prison cell, writhed upon his hard bed ir> the midst of the darkness, for by his side lay the phantom body of the raw dered girl, and his despair was deep and awful. And in the Swiss mountains, two hundred miles away from The House of White Shadows, roamed a young man in the moonlight, strug gling with all his mental might with a terror which oppressed him. The spot he had flown to was ten thousand feet above the level of the sea, and his sleeping-room was in the hut of a peasant, mountain-born and mountain-bred, who lived a life of dull con tentment with his goats and wife and children. Far up in the heights immense forests of fir trees lay in dark solemn masses; not a branch stirred, a profound repose reigned within their depths, while the sleepless waterfalls in tho lower heights, leaping and creeping and dash ing, over chasm and precipice, proclaimed the eternal wakefulncss of Nature. The solitary man gazed upon these majestic signs in awe and despair. "There is no such thing as oblivion," he muttered; " there is no such thing as for getfulncss. My God! to die and be blotted out for ever and ever were better than this agony. I will conquer it —I will! —I will I—l will!" But even as he spoke there gleamed upon him from a laughing cascade the vision of a face ao beautiful as to force a groan from his lips. He turned from it, but it -hone upon him with a tender wooing in every waterfall that met his sight. Trembling witli the force of a passion he found it almost impossible to resist, he walked to his mountain home, and threw himself upon his couch. Ho was ex hausted with sleepless nights, and in a few minutes he fell into v deep slumber. And a calm stole over his troubled soul, for iiis dreams were of love. 