THE OIiDQARDBH. I. Istood In an ancient garden With lilgli rod walls around; Over, them gray and green lichens, In shadowy arabesque wound. The topmast climbing blossoms On fields kino.bauntcd looked out ; But within wero shelter and shadow, And dolutlest odors about ; Thoro wero alloys and lurking arbors— Deep glooms Into which to dlvo ; . Tho lawns were as soft as fleeces— , , . Of daisies I counted but fivo. Tliesun.dlfti wassoagod ir.-. It had gathered a thoughtful grace ; ' And the round-about of the shadow \- Scorned to have furrowed Its face. The flowers wore all of the oldest That ever in garden sprung ; Rod, and blood-red, anu dark purplo, The rose-lamps flaming hung. . Along the borders fringed With broad thick edges of box, , Stood fox-gloves and gorgeous popples, And great-oyed hollyhocks. " - - Thoro wero junipers trimmed Into caatles, And ash-trees bowed into tents ; .' For tho garden, though aDcicnt and pensive StUI wore quaint ornaments. It was all so stately fantastic, 1 Its old wind hardly would stir ; Young Spring, whon alio merrliy entered;' . Must feel it 110 plaeo for her. ' .. II. I stood In the summer morning Undor a cavomous vow; -i Tho sun was gently climbing, " , And tho scents rose after tho dew. I saw the wise old mansion, ,r,j . - - LlUo a cow In tho noonday lieat, . Stand hi tho lako of shadows That rippled about Its feet. Its windows were oriel and latticed, Lowly and wido and fair ; And Its chimneys llko cltistorod pillars Stood up iu the thin blue air. White doves, ltko tho thoughts of a lady. Haunted it in and out ; With a train of groon and blue comets; - , ' ' The peacock wont marching about. Tho birds In the trees Were Bloging A song as old as tho world. Of lovo and green loaves and snnshlno;' 1 - - And winter folded and furlod. tf == They sang that never wns sadaoss ; Sat It melted and passed amy; Thov Bang that novor was darkness, Cut in camo-the consuming day. And Ikncw that a maiden somewhere, In a sober sunlit gloom, In a nimbus of shining garments. An aureole of whiie-browod bloom, Looked out on tho garden dreamy, And know not that it was old ; Looked past the grey and tlia aombro, And saw but tho green and the gold. HL T stood in the gathering twilight, In a gently blowing wind ; And the honsc looked half uneasy, like one that waa left behind. Tbo roscs had lost their redness, .And cold Uio grass had grown ; At roost wore the pigeons and peacock, And tlio dial was doid grey stone. Tlio world by tlio gathering twilight In a gauzy dusk was clad ; It went In through my oyes to my spirit And made mo a little sad. Grew and gathered tho twilight. And filled my heart and brain ; The sadness grew more than saducss, And turned to a gentle pain. Browned and brooded the twilight, And sank down tbrcugli the calm, Till it sccmod for somo human sorrows Ttiero could not bo any balm. 17. Then I knew that up a staircase, Which untrod will yet creak aud shake, Beep in a distant chamber, A ghost was coming awake. In the growing darkness growing- Growing till her eyes appear, Like spots of a deeper twilight. Cut more transparent clear — Thin as hot air np trembling, Thin as sun molten crapo, ,< .The decpuning shadow oi something Takcth a certain shapo ; A shape whose hands are uplifted To throw hack her blinding hair ; A shape whose bosom is heaving, Cut draws uot in the air. And I know by what thne the moonlight On her nest of shadows will ail, Out on the dim lawn gliding That shadow of shadows will flit, V. The moon Is dreaming upward From a sea otcloua and gleam ; Sho looks as 11 sho had scon us Dover but in a dream. Down that stair I know she iscoming. Barefooted, lifting her train ; It creaks uot— she hears it creaking. For the sound Is In her brain. Out at tho shlo door she's coming, Witli a timid glance right and loft; Dor look is hopeless yet eager, The look oi a heart bereft. Acros3 tho lawn sho is flitting, nor eddying robe in the wind, Are her fair feet bending the grasses ? a lier hair is half lifted behind 1 TI. Shall I stay to look on hor nearer? Would she start and-Tanish away I Do, no 1 she will novor see mo, 11 1 stand as near as 1 may. It is not tills wind elio is fcoling, Dot this cool grass below ; . Us tho wind and grass of an evening A hundred years ago. She sees no roses darkling, . Do stately hollyhocks dim ; Sho Is only thinking and dreaming 01 the garden, the night, and him ; Of the unlit windows behind her, . Of tho timeless dial stone. Of the trees, and the uioon, and the shadows, A hundred years agonc. His a night for ail ghostly lovers To haunt the best loved spot ; ' ' Is he como in his dreams to this garden ! I gaze, but 1 see him not. Til. I will not look an her nearer— My heart would be torn lit twain ; From mine oyes the garden would vanish - In the falling of their rain. I will not look on a sorrow . That darkens into despair ; On tho snrgo of a-heart that cannot — - Yet enmot cease to bear. My soul to hers would he calling- She would hear no word it said ; D I cried aloud in the stillness , . , She would never turn her head. Sho Is dreaming tho sky above her, She is dreaming tho earth below ; Tliis night sho lost her lover - A hundred years ago. It wasmostly on half- holidays, when ho had a good stretch of time before him, that he made his verses ; he did not indulge oftener. If thought do not greatly exceed utterance, no oxpreasion of it will he of much value. The twilight had fallen while he was writing, and tho wind had risen. It was now lilowin" a gale. "When he could no longer Bee ho'roso to light his lamp, and looked out of tho window. All was dusk around him, above and below nothing to be distinguished from the mass, in which something and nothing seemed to share an equal uncertainty. He heard tho wind, but could not see the clouds sweeping before it, for all was cloud overhead, and no change of light or feature showed the shifting of the measureless bulk. A grey stormy space was tho whole idea of tho creation. He seemed to gaze into a void — say rather a condition of things inappreciable by his senses. A strango feeling came over him ns if he were look-in rr out of n window in the walls of tho visible world into tho region unknown, to man shape less quite, therefore terrible, wherein wander tho things all that have uot yet found, or form, or sensible ombodimcnt wherewithal to manifest themselves to eyes or ears or hands of mortals. In such a region imagination might indeed hnvo soopo, if imagination could live therein at all. As he gazed the lingo shapeless hulks of the ships of chaos, dimly awful suggestions of animals uncreate, yet vaguer notions of what was not, seemed to come heaving up, to vanish even from tlio fancy as they approached the window. Earth was far below, invisible ; only through tho dark came the moaning of tlio sea, which the wind drove in still enlarging waves upon tho flat shore, a level of doubtful gross and sand, 8 miles away. It seemed to his ear as if the moaning of tiio sea wss tho voice of darkness lamenting, like a repentant Satan or Judas, that it WU3 not the light, and oould not hold the light, and become as tho light, but must that moment ccaso when the light began to enter ft. Darlcness and moaning seemed to be all that the earth contained. Wonid the souls af tho mariners shipwrecked this m'ght go forth into the ceaseless turmoil ; or would they, leaving behind them Abe nacre for storms, aa .for all things soft and sweet as well, enter only a -vnst silence, where wns nothing to be aware of but each solitary sell? Manythcraghts, mauythcarlcB, passed through'BonaPs mind ns he sought to land tho cohccivablo from the wandering bosom of the limitless, and he was jnst arriving at tho conclusion that, ns ail things seen mnst be after tho fashion, of tho unseen whence thoy come, as tho very gonins of embodiment is likeness, therefore the soul .'of man must of course hnvo natural relations with matter ; but, on the other hand, as the spirit must be the home and origin of all this moulding, assimilating, modelling power, and tho spirit only that ia in harmonious oneness with its origin can fully exerciso this disputed creative power, then it must be only in pro portion to the eternal life in them that spirits are able to draw to themselves matter and clothe themselves in it, so entering into full relation with the world of storms and sun sets — hB was, I say, just arriving at this hazarded conclusion, when ho started ont of his roverio, and was suddenly all car to listen. Again ! Yes ! it was the some sound which had sent him that first night wandering through the house in fruitless quest. It came in two or three fitful chords that melted iuto each other like tho colors in tho. lining of a shell, then ceased. He went to tho door, opened it, and listened. A cold wind came rnshing np the stair. He heard nothing. Ho stepped out on tho stair, shut his door, and listened. It camo again — a strange unearthly sound. If ovor disombodicd sound went wandering in the wind, ju3t snch a sound mu3t it bo ! Donal, knowing nothing of music save in tho forms of tone and vowel change and rhythm and rhyme, Te'.t as if he could have listened for ever to tho wild wandering sweetness of lamentation. :But almost immediately they ceased — then once more came again, hut apparently from afar off, dying away on the distant waves of the billowy air, out of whose wandering bosom it seemed to issne. It was as tho wailing of a summer wind, cnught and Bwept along in a tempest from the frozen north. The moment he ceased to expect it any more, he began to think whether it must not liavo come from the houso after ail. Ho stolo down the stair. ' What ho would do lie did not know. Ho could not go following an .airy nothing nil over the house, of a great part of which ho as yet knew nothing. His, construc tive mind wouldhave gladly gaineffa complete idea of the castle, outside and in — it was al most a passion witli him to fit tho outrides nnd insides of thingB together in his understanding; but there were whole suites of rooms into which, except tho Earl and Lady Arctura were to leave home for a while, he could not hope to enter. It was little moro than mcchan- caUy that he went vaguely seeking the sound ; ere he wns half way down the stair he recog nised tho hopelessness of the nttempt, but kept on to the schoolroom, where his tea was wait ing him. Bat after that soon came another phenome non, involving more wonder, and doubt evou painful. It pointed in the same direction as the former, though what that direction was, it was impossible for Donal even to guess. He bad returned to his room, and wassittingagain at work, now reading and meditating. Haw long he lmd thus sat ho could not havo told, for when the mind is busy it takes little note of the phantasm time, when, in ono of the lulls of tho storm, lis became aware of another sound — one most unusual to hi3 ears, for ho never required any attention in his room, that of the steps of someouo coming up the stair — heavy steps, not such as of one accustomed to run up and down on ordinary service. He waited listening. Tho steps camo nearer, and stopped at his door. A hand fumbled about it and found the latch, lifted it and entered. ToDonol's surprise, and something to his dis may, it was the oarl. The dismay was from his appearance. He was deadly pale, and hia eyes more like those of a corpse than of a man mo.ving about among his living fellows. Donal started to his feet. The earl turned his head towards him; but in his look there was no atom of recognition, not ns much as amounted to an acknowledgment of liis presence ; tho sonnd of bis rising merely had its half mochan- ical effect upon his brain. Ho turned away immediately, went to tho window, and there stood much as Donal had stood a little while before, looking out, but with tho atti tude of one listening rather than ono trying to see. There was indeed nothing new but tlio blackness to bo seen— nor anything to be hoard but tho roaring of tho wind, with tho roaring of tho great billow3 rolled along in it. As ho stood tho time to Donal seomod long; it was but about, fivo minutes. Was the ont of his mind, or only a sleep walkfr ? How could ho be asleep so early in the nigbt ? But as he stood doubting and wondering, once more came a musical cry out of the darkness. Immediately came from the oarl what seemed n response — a soft, low murmur, by degrees becoming audible, in the tone of a man medi tating aloud, but ia a restrained ecstasy. From bis words he seemed still to be bearing the sounds aerial,though they came no moro to tho ears of Donal. "Yet once again, ere I forsake the flesh, are my earn blest with that voioo I It is tho sang of tho eternal woman i For me she nings ! Sing on, siren ; my tioul is a listening universe, and therein nought but thy voico !" Ho paused, and, after n time, began afresh : — " It iB tho wind in tho tree of life ! Its leaves rustle in words of love.. Under its sha dow I shall one day lie, with her I loved — and killed I Ero that day comes, she will have forgiven and forgotten, and all will be well. "Hark the notes ! Clear as a flute 1 Full and downy ns a violin ! They are colors ! They are flowers 1 They ore olivo ! I can seo them aa they grow, as they blow ! Those are primroses ! Those are pimpernels I . Those high, intense, burning ones — so. soft, yet so certain— what are they ? . Jasmine? No, that flower is not a note ! It is a chord, and what a chord ! I mean what n flower ! I never saw that flower bofore— never on this enrtlr ! It must bo a flower of tho paradise wheuos oomcs tlio music ! It is ! It is I Do I not remember that night wliou I soiled in tho great ship across tho ocean of tho stare, and scented the airs of heaven, and saw the pearly gates gleaming across myriads of miles — saw, plain.as I see them now, the flowers on tho fields within. All, me ! tho dragon that guards tho golden apples 1 Seo his crest— his crest and his emerald oyes ! Ho comes float ing up through tho murky lake 1 It is gerron — como to bear mo to the gyre below 1" - With that he turned, and with a some- I what quickened step left the room, hastily I Shutting the door behind him, ns if to keep back the creature oT his vision. Strong hearted nnd strong brained, Donal had yet stood -absorbed as If ho too were out of tho body, and knew 'nothing more of this oarth nnd its presence. There is some thing more terrible In a presence that is not a presence than in a vision of the bodiless. A preiont ghost is not so fcerriblo 03 nn absent one, as a present bat deserted body. Ho stood -a- moment helpless, then pnllcd himself together and triod to think. What shonld ho do ? What eouW -ho do ? What was required of him? Was anything required of him? Had ho any right to do anything? Oould anything bo dono that would not both be and cause a wrong ? Hia first impulse was to follow ; a man in such a condition, whatever was the condition, was anrely not ono to be left to go whither ho would nmong tho heights and depths of the castle, where ho might break his neck any moment. Interference, no donbt, was dan gerous, hut ho wonid follow him at least a little way 1 Ho heard the steps going down the stair before hira, aud ho made haste after him. But ero tho earl conld have reached the bottom of the stair, the sound of his de scending steps ceased ; and Donal knew he must have left it by one of the doors open ing on other floors. 