The lover m» a Tree. Wall, here's a situation, For a young man up a tree: With a bull-dog standing under, Looking lovingly at me I Treed I by all the arts of Oupid ; Like a 'possum, or a 'coon 1 What an aspeot for a lover, By the dim light of the moon I Oamo to serenade my Julia ; Lightly climbed the garden-wall: Tuned my guitar 'ncath her window, Yondor wlioro the shadows fall: Got as far as '. Sleep, my darling,'" When a deop baso bow 1 wow! "wow I Out of tune and time saluted me I hear its echo now. And a snapping cfoso bohind me, Warnod mo a foo was near; So I beat a quiok rotreat from there, And found a lodgment here 1 As I climbed this smooth alanthus, I felt a something tear; Lot's see : yes, here's a rent behind ! I know how it camo thore I Plaguo take the oanine oreaturo I Wagging his stiff bob-tail, As though ho thought his narrative Would finally prevail 1 But fluoli dogmatio arguments Have no oftcct on me, And suoh waggish illustrations With my terapor don't agree, Yonder where the snowy curtain] In the mellow moonlight Bhinos, Unoonsoious of my sad mishap, My Julia dear rcolinos. I would not now for all the world, . That she should seo me hero, Dangling in this old alanthus, W ith a whito flag in my rear I Oh I for a bit of stryehnine, Or a poison of some sort 1 I'd stop the wagging of that tail, And all this canine sport; 'Tia midnight, and I hope if now A ghost is on tho jog, He'll come this way and frighten oO This most pugnacious dog, If fairies in tho moonlight dance, I trust some light carouser Will come and . play dog' for a while With this infernal " Bowsor I" Tho merry stars seem laughing In their places up afar, But I am looking downward On a dangerous dog star. When Aotraon looked on Dian, With her naked nymphs around, The angry huntress ohanged the bold Intruder to a hound. Oh I for tbo power to ohango this dog Into a strapping fellow I I'd mount him in a minute, And turn his bark to bellow. Hark I what is that ?-an old torn oat Around the porch is orawling: Poor Tom I I've a follow feline For your Bad oatorwauling I Now Bowsor hears him I see, ho turns T Seek I catcli him I bite him, Bowser! Confound tho twig I its fastened in The ront within my trowser I He's gonol and dog and oat are seen In mad and jlesperate chase; 'Tis a very proper time," I think, For me to leave thiB place, | 0 Julia I sleep! Bleep sound, my lovol 0 do not \?ake just yet, To vlow tho rent in my trowsorloons, Mado by your eanino pet I And if you never wake until My soft guitar you hear, You'll Blumbor till old Gabriel's horn Shall break your sleep, my dear I OiiibDHOoi) shows the man, as morning ahows the day.-Milton. 336. 