PRIVATE THEATRICALS IN OLD DUBLIN. (Irish Times.) A pleasant subject, of a gossiping sort, would be the history of private theatricals, into which the annals of the Irish private stage would enter very largely. Everyone has heard of the Kilkenny theatricals, whose records are already set out in a book of their own ; but it is impossible to peep into any social corner of Irish life without getting a glimpse of the amateur stage with lamps lit, and the noble ladies and noble gentlemen in rich dresses, playing their parts. Eveiy old failed newspaper is full of complimentary notices. One short specimen will show in what "style" these things weie done before the Union. In 17i)3 a number of noblemen and gentlemen took Malachy's Theatre, set Italian artists to work to paint ami decorate. The ceiling was gorgeous with Apollo, and tragedy and comedy ; mirrors were let in to the pilasters of the boxes ; the seats were all upholstered in scarlet and fringe ; the decorations were all white and gold figures, with festoonings of gold and crimson tassels ; servants in gorgeous liveries attended on every one in the boxes. The orchestra was filled with amateurs, and the players were Lord Westmeath, Captain Aske, Lord Thurles, Lord Cunningham, Buck AVIialey, anti many more. They played the " Beggar's Opera," the " Poor Soldier," the "Rivals," " School for School," and such pieces. These were not mere stray performances ; but there was a regular season, and the theatre was rented for a number of years, until the Rebellion and Union scattered both audience and com- pany. Nor must we pass by a picturesque tribute to music, which is not so honoured in our time. St. Cecilia, the patroness of music, had her day kept with all honour. At the Castle was maintained a full State band, generally under the command of some musician of eminence, mid Dubourgh, who played with Handel, filled this office for a long time. On St. Cecilia's Day ¡ill the court and persons of quality repaired in great pomp to St. Patrick's Cathedral, where the Rev. Dr. Swift, the Dean, no doubt, objected to such " tweedie dum and tweedie dee." A fine orches- tra was erected, and Mr. Dubourgh and his men fiddled away at Corelli, and Dr. Blow, and Purcell. The perfor- mance lasted from 10 till 3 o'clock, and there was not standing room. Another custom obtained, which was that of keeping the king's birthday with great state and so- lemnity. There was a court in the morn- ing, with a ball at night, and Sheridan, or Mr. Brooke, or Captain Jephson, or some Irish laureate, wrote au ode, which Mr. Dubourgh " set," and which was sung and fiddled by a large choir and orchestra. A " Castle" festival, a hundred and forty years ago, took place in the " old Beefeater's Hall," and with seven hundred people all seated in tiers the topmost row of ladies' heads touching tho ceiling. By 11 at night all the minuets were over, and tho Viceroy and his lady adjourned to the basset table in another room. After au hour's play, the Duke and Duchess and their nobility adjourned lo the supper-room, where there was a holly-tree lit up with a hundred wax tapers, which made a prodigious impression ; but an Eng- lish lady, who was present, and saw the spectacle of the noble company bursting into the supper-room says the scene was not to be described, " squalling, shrieking, all sorts of noises ;" ladies were stripped of their lappels, hustled, squeezed in the scuffle ; and poor Lady Santry was left more dead than alive. A glimpse, too, of old coffee-houses, where the gentlemen of Ireland drank wonderful claret at " Lucas's," deservedly considered the most "convenient," as there was a charm- ing garden, or enclosure at the back, where " difficulties" were settled with delightful promptitude. The gentlemen had only to move their chairs near to the windows, and were thus able to see tho whole " fun " with comfort and ease. Lucas's was a haunt for certain persons of quality, and where anyone who wished to see what was called "The Bucks" was sure to be gratified. The Bucks were the fine gentle- men of the time, if finery consisted in ostentatiously savage manners and bar- barous behaviour. Some belonged to the " Hell Fire Club," and one of tho society's feats is recorded—namely, setting their club-room on fire, and enduring the flames until they were all but suffocated and burnt to death. This was by way of bravado, and to show their contempt for the torments which were held up to them from pulpits. Some were called Pink Dindies, whose pastime was cutting off an inch or so of the scabbard of their swords, and prodding the victims of tho jests with the blades, which thus could not penetrate much below the surface. Tho odious race of duelling bullies swarmed over the town-the " Tiger Roches " and others. One Buck would walk up and down Lucas's with a train to his cloak, and if anyone trod on it would instantly draw his sword. An old gentleman, who was alive not long since, recollected a scene of this sort at Lucas's produced by this literal challenge to tread on tho tail of one's coat, and where the un- conscious offender was lucky enough to an- ticipate the bully's attack by running him through the body. In short, the fashionable mode for the Bucks was to range the city and seek for excitement by maiming or an- noying the canaille, which was carried out by "pinking" or "sweating." We know what " pinking " was ; " sweating " was bursting into a house and carrying off guns and swords as trophies, just as knockers used to be wrenched by tho "bloods" of yesterday's generation Another set of gentlemen went about as " Chalkers." Their pastime consisted of marking or maiming a person about the face And the quality of these ruffians is at once characteristically determined by the Act of Parliament passed against the prat tice, in which, though visiting it with the severest penalties, it is stipulated there shall be nothing to corrupt the offender, or pre judice his family Even now, next to the old Parliament House stands a stately building, cut tip mt0 half a-dozen houses of business This was once "Daly's Club House," where all the noblemen and gentlemen of both Houses would adjourn to dine and drink ; wheie weie seen Mi Giattm and Mi' Flood with "his broken beak," and Mi Cunan, and those bulli mt but gueulh de biteis, whose encounters both of wit md logic make otu modem piihanientiiy cou tests sound lame and languid Theie wxs seen th it suipusing Su Boj le Roche, whose nime and whose suipusing "Bud" had done suth good sei vice, both in books and speeches And theie, too, we see honour able members emeiging from mulei the classical poitito, hot vuthi ige and fin j, md duving away to "the Phoenix "to airante then diftei enees As we pass b> and see tint pictuiesque temple given ovei to the money changtus, and tiansfoimed into the Bulk of Ii el tntl, it is impossible foi one who is thoroughly lush not to legiet those bulliint day s, mil the abiupt clnnge ft oin nationality to pine piovinci disin The >tai befoie the Union, as "old inha- bitants' have told the wntei, isickvtlle stieet, long and bl Old as it is, wis htei.dly crowded with coiches and six, wiitin" diiwn up, to take down noble louis .nul noble gentlemtn to " tht House ' Only the jeal aftei the Union, as an ancient and fossilised coichbiuldei h is told us, the auction maits and cn nage j lids were êncuiubeied with coiches and cam igt» and hoioes, noblemen and gentlemen, now "out of vvoik," with then cdhng gone, htei.dly fl>mg from the unh ippy capital About the old Music Hill, now Fish ainble stieet Theatie, wheie Handel sit at his Inipsithoid, floit the ghosts, nul clouds of a bundled fmy scenes mil gloues Heie it was that Loul Moinmg » -of "Ye Spotted Snakes" inenioiy-founded this music ii acidemy, which, by the iules, wis to bestneth independent of all "niticenaiy piofessois" A bundled jem ago it was flouiishing The piesideut was the ficetious Kane O'Hui, who vviote " Midas ," the le idei of the bind w is Loul Mornington , first violins, Count M'C.uthy, Right Hon S ickv lile Hamilton, Rev Deni Biyley,and others , bissoon, Colonel Lee, violoncellos, Eui of Bell.mnt, Su John Dillon, two lion and lev de ins, flutes, Loid Lucan, Cipt un Reid, Rev J Johnson, hupischoid, Right Hon W Brownlow, Lulj Fieke, Miss Cavendish, singeis, Right Hon Lidy Caroline Russell, Mrs Monck, Miss O'Hun, and a host of other not ibihties This pi ice still stmds , ind eveiy night M.dacliy, enteipiising mun- gel ,is he is, gives the illégitimité di ami, wheie the noble eui ltd the bind, .ind my Lady Pi eke sit at the h.upai choul Masqtieiades, too Mi G mimer, of the Blessington family, flits by as ,111 old woman cauying bei f.ithei in a bisket, tonsideied the best and most ludicrous mask m the pi ice, mil Mi Ilmultou as a Fiench gouieuimtc Theie pisses by Mi Yeheitonas a Methodist pitichei, Cotin cilloi Dovle is a fun , and, stiangest sjietlicle of all, Loul Glei.iwly as.i"side boud of phte" This was teitunly the most my situons of all thaiacters, and did honoui to his loulship's ingenuity. Cap lam Ti euch as Diana Ti apes But the chai ittti th it w e should li iv e vi lshed to see, and which has an ínteiest foi us beyond the gentleman who v\ dked as Steint's Slinktnbeigi is, fiesh from the Pioinontoiy of Noses, was "Mi Bosweil," who hid, b\ this time, emptied his head of Coisicu, mil who vi as content with the chaiactei of Douglas The cb iptti of Ii ish be uities at the lush couit lins always been a l.uge one Looking bick, wo can catch glimpses, it ovei> ei«i, of a tiain of belles of uputatioii When all London w is i nuning wild af tu the lovely Gunnings, and when aSeciet.ny of State adit illy sent a gund of soldiers to walk aftei them ni Hyde Puk to keep the mob oil, and when these bulliint but bold young I idles weie lathti tom ling such idmiiation, it was sui jil ismg tint noone thought of hunting up the old stoi its of then lush tiiumpTis, toi tht\, too, li id been at the "Castle," j ti untlti tiictuu stintts a little humiliating Thtn fithu, John Gunning, Esquue, lud mined him- self, like many a fine lush gtntlennn , but his d,night ei, like mun fine lush ladies, must still go to the "shows' and keep up appeaiances , yet both money und ciedit weie unhappily gone, in which dithciilty then minimi called in Mi Thom is Shu id m, the managu of the Theatie Rojal, Smock Alloy, who kmdlv allowed the handsome gills to choose from the nch waulrobes of his gieen-rooni, and in this way the> weie enabled to go to "the diavvmg room " On auothei occisión, a chautable atti ess, pissing through Gie.it Britain-stieot, heaid women «ymg m a second flooi,nnd going in, found the two be uitiet. and then mimina m the deepest distiess, bulifls hiving put m ¡in execution, .lohn Gunning, Esq , was happily out of the way, as he always contilvcu to be She befuended anditstutd them Long aftu, whtn the lush guis mule then wonderful matches, and became Lidy Coventiy and Duche» of Hamilton, it is said th it the Ii ish managen h id humbly asked lo be in vited to one of then paittes, and was lefused , and Mi's Bellamy, the actiess who had saved tlu.ni from the bulifls, is also biul to hue met with the same neglect. Still thens weie awkwaul seciets to bung to y otu "host's pu ty. Tin- w oi thy picsident of tho Queensland Tinf Club is n staunch mininer of lioiseflcsli, and, if wo icallj can believe it, of "lovely w oman" also Next to a w oman-mid a "good looking woman," nund jon-lie thinks there is nothing in lmtuio or art so beautiful ns a horse in pel feet condition This is nobli, it is gallant, it is -like As tho poet sajs, we have "the whole sentiment" in vci) few woids I ho bonutlful the boautiful that standst so mooki) by Socs Klori rodo Uko chnmpagno fin neath lov ely w oman s oj c The sleek satiny skin, with hard wiro like veins showing out beneath it, tho bands of muscle, tho pi oudly arched neck, tho distended nostril, and flashing oye, must play second fiddle to the painted, powdered, bewigfrca Intuían specimen of beaut). The gi oat brav o hem t of tho horso must lemain pulseless and dead, whilo that black falso mass which docs duty to tho gonorallj admired/ jm»w of the hoi soy men boats in triumph, and receives with joy tho adulations of hoi many wooora. Well, I am not always a first class authority upon matt 01 s peí tabling to tho beautiful, but when I want to find auval foi a good looking hoi so I will not go to a woman, noi when I w ish w email's charms equalled w ill I ga/o long and lov inglj on a hoi se. A lil>, a chrysanthe- mum, 01 a piece of antiquo chiua, is moi o to my tabto, butthoio aro souls which can seo nothing channing in nature unless reflected in tno oj es of a w oman or tho glossy skin of a horse How the two can bo considered rival beauties, how ov cr, I cannot think. We all know tho old song Something hottor than his dog-o Uttlo dearer than his horse Its moaning may apply in some cases.-EN n\ MiON in the Quiemiandtr. 