Facts and Fancies Centralked. (ns ..c o?' Cs,) ''elephlone 1xselatnge wortlng adtlirably. Over £200 in prizes for Ncewlcstle Annual ltegatta Sixty-nine hIorcos entered for Wl~,lend Christana_ R'aes. Irenchl soldiers suffetring from sietncas in Mfada ilyron (ilat1tIclle Colinagh wasl thw mame of a wic- beater at ]1irlanc I I1man nnted Wa arburton injured in N.C.,. Com pony's pit byF fall of cool. 1i1le Ilbon peonprane meeting to-night o Baop ihot Cltot- hlt, Sydney-stlret. 'Te mnurderer of the barmaid at Olliffe'.-ltMter arrested. Illr n?e ftronl drink¢. Ifoph R orn eXlole.ed tht the impending 1rit.leo (h'llillce war malny yet le averted. 751,15:l,1s tolbccl and ,231,788 gallons spitits in N.i.. "Waleo on lotit hNovemtber. One of torricon and Icarl,.'s workmen Ihad hl?s flngcl o-ansltcd to pieces yesterday. To wasll atInlle oofol-, do it with tiot garden Ito,,, and strtnd on thte other side of a fence whbile you to' it. litismarek tuperstitious. ie will never start on ae. jolrnme, or sign Ia document onl Friday. Gatmtbett ?ILS tile icae. At (leuong, tL Cltinso tminer at o'ealyweigilt FItet ThalhaOrt, Wor, killed ir being Istelet d bya fall of earth oevt-al ions weight. Iteesro. Win and Lewia setting a line exasmple byr way of early dosing. They s ayntepcnd ont it- thier?t will be noun the losers inl the long nm, In the far oWeot a imain advertises for a woman "o fk wslh, iron and tilk one o r two cown." What does hIt want hi" cows n asheti and ironed fort The Orler-in-Couneil forbiddinag sland tnders earirting iore aesn tlamn are absolutely dieessital for elip's defence, is bteing ruthllesly ignored. A sanltbri newospaper says that in tie abosenue of all the editom, thie pultdister hartecee eded in sccur ig the oseraviees of a gentleman to edit tlis nmihber. TA omnas rle3alhon, at r oshler's Creek, near Ophir, dropped dead on lia way to the rospilal. IIe took seveatl drinks against rhs doctor's peremptory Tieroe aonly four passn vacant in the advertioaing drop curtitn at tihe Theatre, so pelsol desirous of securing allotments should loake applieation atr on¢e. 'lcreos a yoa d i n te Ang lad y in e or itywho make, it is said, aboiut 30 crlls nearly every day of her life. O, you leed not look disconeorted, ltisa; sIhe work in a telecphone oliee. Yew Insolvent.--D'Arey lread, of Paddington, httr of astereag-street; Sydne, lensed victualler, and of ghost celebrity. Liahilities, £214 9ts.; assets, £11 :oki. Mlr. Lloyd, olficia aroigltee. .,Win.. strkitf, i bamister. was sntetneed to one y?ear's ittprisontment at ienalla (Vie), for being an Idle and disordcrly person. He had beetn drinklin Ireviy, antd as bcgginlg t lmn when arrested. t S.artiit:IMnrt," eate of Mr. W'. Sidney, Terminmo Motel. Ticikets faor tle 100o sweep on.Tatteronall Cop, ea.i be sceured by addressing as above. Nm tnime thotld be lost, as they are going off fast. "StutIdent" want to know what kind of a bird war Ihe dodo! From the faLet that the species is entirely extittet, we suppose it was the ftbled spring ehieken, of whieh we still Ileanr so often, antdsoee so never. Ralph "Waldo Emmeron wild: tAll healthy things are sweet tempered." Vo differ with Ralih. Nowc we kenow a perfectly healthy red-headed wonton who is-well, shlijust is, and no mistake about it. Dltdes awIo chelw tltehoads of their canes are advislT by a tocdinit editor to have theo same of soft rubber iuste:td of silver. It nakes less wear and tear on tble gittas and helps the teeth to cotno through just as well. Tlhe elharges of heresy broutglht agatinst the Ie¢v. Andrenw Iorlper, of the l'rsbyterian ladies' College. [clbouttie, were discussed by the I'resbytery. Tht couirt dclt'ided that tile charges had not been properly inlitiat~il. MIr. 10oss, sub-contractor of thle 7tourilyan tetam tay, Qd., tnd a main known as Tuller, nipsized in t boet otf North Iemnard. J-osa swain ashore and wan tieked tip by a passing steanter. Hi etompation drownted. "Gentlemen of ilto jury." oaid a blundering counsel, in a suit about a lot of hlong, "thlre were jttst thirty.six in tile drove.. 'lease remembor tile fact--tlirty-six hogs; jtst three times as nitny as in that jutry box, genttlemdn. The counsel didn't b'aii Idew rae. 'ersonis who were ir. the Assembly ott 'TVdnesday night, state thtat Mr. Fletehler'o speecl on tite Land lill was pawerultt nd t ttlte point. ie cotutoantldc. the undivided uttentioti of thb- Itons diuring its deliveryand saswaart eanmlyegtulated. 'r TheSydney press also ctraetertse thle speech a :t 0 o0werul one. A nltl tylot, in setting np a fatrit item, nntde it read. 'The testpcrrature of the eool depends upopn its humidity,' atnd wshcn tite editor cane itt wtith Itia wet boots onrand lifted thte wretelt tut iluto the soil of the adijoining pig tett, he hitt time to rcileet otpon the difterence between sotlt and soil. "[Tis distance lends enchlitntnment to the viewv.' An old )tttehtattn, who ltscme ycaro atgo wis elected t, tttenttber of tite C'natttditn Legislature. satitl in his brodken 1-nglish style, "Y'en 1 uent to Ilt leeli.,ta ture I toughtt I would lttd ttem all Solottons dare, bttt I soon fottnd dare aso some pick fools as I | YII.I faA gallant rescoue from drowning was made atn Forbes by a boy aged fourteen, mooed Clharles ]Kerr, who swam to the assistance of another loy, named Michael Dl)oyle. 'T'hc latter was unablle to swint, andi had already sunk twice, in the Lachlan Itiver, when lie was rescued by Kerr, who was greatly exhmusted. o0 reachling thle bank, An explosion took place at Clunes (Vic.) on Satur day in a building used as a fireworks "emporium. Mirs. lliatix picked lp a cigar- box in a room when it exploded in her hand. Her hands and hair were Lunled, bit her face waso uniujured. The windows and the crocliery in the adjoining room were broken. In the Cilnrl ar of Stale Praiero, Domnestic Series, C?tl, piblishcd under the direction of thie Miaster of thie Iolls, there is a cope of a letter in thle order book of thle Council to the iIon. Captain Charles HIoward, bIiddiny him provide for the .pretad in the North of a "pronclamation prohibiting horse racing and other meetings of disa'lected persons." A ditcovery of Ihullln remains has been made at TristlovC's larmo, nWannero, W.A., and thicte are. indications of a most bnrtal murder having been tomnmittcd. Tie etikull and other bones were fractured It is supposed that tle reintim a are those of a sawyer and the police havuea clue to the whlcreabots of hi mate, who was working in a sawspit two years ago in that neighbotrhood. Somebody put a smn:ill mud turtle, anout the size of a silver dollatr, in the led at a Stockton hotel, andH. the stranger wlto was assigned to that room on pre parine to retirc caught sight of it. lie at once reoumnd his clothes, remarking: "I expected to lhal a pretty lively night of it, but if they are as big as tlhat I don't propose to get in witlh 'em." "I'd give .)dols. for a voice like yours,'" pleasantly remnarked a Newcastle retin to a middle aged iloebe wolan wsitlh a keen eye, a sallow visage and a loing jw. A smile of grateful vanity illuminatca her face at the implied coimpliment, as she coqonet tislily asked, "And what would you do with it!" "I'd use it to frighten my wife's mother iaway from the house," ranswered the ill-bred brute. Tlie will of the late Sir William Mrorgan, htlihl was executed last Jnnc, bhas been proved in thle Su preime Contrt,Mclbourne. T're realandpersonal estate wis Sl swo under £l ti,(ii. Tilhe trustees under lthe will are Mr. George IMolgt, hrother of the deceased. Mr. Arthur Waterhouse, titid Mr. Henry Iherbcert boare. When tihe probate tand scecession duties hbve been paid, tlhe revenue will be benefllted to the extent of £-1100. A specimen of tie rare and beautiful rifle Iirnt (hlilorhtis 1iiradlis a) hlas been carptured alive, and has thriven in captivity. MIr. Jamte S. Dray, who has recently returned to Sydney from lthe lticlimond nond Tweed districts,'twas fortunate enough to secure i_ tlhrce-year-old ntile rifle bird near the. Itichliiond Iliver, aind lithe little fellow hias been safely brought to Sydney to Mr. ittay's residence, at Forbes-street, Woolloomooloo. I)r, lrennett spent seino time in examining the bild, which hle says is tie most maog niflccnt specimen lie his ever seen. It will be of no small interest to add tlhat tihe only other rille birL ever captured nlive in thece colonies died soon iafter its arrivwl in Erigland, so Mr. Dity may contgratulate himiself on hlaving tle only known caged specimen in existence. Its plirmige is of a vetry dlrk rich putrple. with is tiny belt of green and gold encirclhng the throat. Its diet is gruis and fruit. It is very tame,. and in apparently excellent condition. 