THE LATE INTERNATIONAL MATCH. By Mid-ok. Tho unexpected termination of the Inter, colonial match on tho 10th, and the postpone ment of the International until tho 17th, loft mf. with a clear week in Sydney before tho com- mencement of the last-named contest. Never before has each a week of anxions anticipatior been experienced in Australia, and thefar-famcci city of Sydnry had certainly during that period got a severe attack of cricket on tho brain. Stroll into the Royal, where Mr. Rignold was delighting large audiences with his represents tion of Ilc'dry Y,, and betweon tho acts the King, Flu'rilen and Pistol had to stand aside iu favor of Murdoch, Palmer- and Blackham. On the trams the conversation was similarly monopo lised. If fonr or five persons were to bo seen together in conversation at a street corner, it was safe to take 6 to 4 thoy were discussing the prospects of Our Boys in the coining great ovent, ami it is needless to add that in tho commercial rooms of all tho hotels nothing else was talked about. No sooner had tho Englishmen returned from Queensland than it bccamo evident that tho journey had dono them no harm, and when thoy reappeared on the Association Ground to practise every man in tho team showed splendid form. Both teams indulged in heavy preparatory work,, startrng in tho morning each day at about ton 0 clock, lunching on tho ground and practising haxd all the afternoon. The Englishmen had de cided to leave Vernon out again. Jlorloy having remained in Sydney to recruit nia health while the others wore in Queensland, but tho Aus tralians deferred their final selection until ton minutes before tho match commonccd. Taking all things into considoration, the ultimate dor cisioa of the Match Committee mot with gonoral approbation, although not a few were found who thqmght that Jones should have had precedence at Evans. Tho former was certainly in bettor form than ho had shown sinco tho Intercolonial match of last season, whilst tho veteran was by his best friends admitted to have lost his once wonderful bowling powor. Evans, howovcr, was hatting well, and his excellence in the field has boon so often shown that a placo in tho team conld scarcely have been doniod him. The respective captains haying agreed that four wickets should be used during tho match, tho all-important toss was won by Ivo Bligli, to the ' (treat delight of his comrades, and at noon on batnrday the Australians took tho field. Tho first hoar's rlay proved too severe' a strain for Giffen's injured kneo, and ai hough tho crack South Australian batted in both innings, Murdoch had to run for him, and Jones fielded for him throughout tho match. The Englishmen started on a capital wickot, and compiled the ox- cedent score of 263, bnt tbo detailed scores will show that tho batting was unusually " patchy," only five securing doable figuros, and A. G. Steel making morn than half the runs. The Australians experienced their first slice . of bad luok through Swift failing to sco a palpable catch at the wickets by Blackham off Midwinter, which gave C. T. Studd a life, which ho utilised by com piling 48 runs in most perfect style. Steel's coiossalri'scoro was tho result of splendid batting, combined with a fair sbaro of luck. Tho chance ho gave to Blackham in tho early part of his innings was certainly a difficult one, but at 37 Bonnor missed him iu tho slips, a chance which tb? leviathan bitter would certainly take nino.ty-nine times out of a hundred, l'lio result was a terrible blow to the Australians, as Steel brought his score up to 135. Throughout his long stay at the wickets tho celebrated Lan cashire amateur played splendid cricket, cutting with tremendous power, and driving on both sides with great vigor and correctness, while his leg bitting was perfect. The Australians re sponded to their opponents' first essay with 262, or 1 run less than the English innings, and although none could equal Stool's total- the bat ing throughout was more consistent than that ot the visitors, seven double figures appoaring in the list. Bonnor, who mado 87, played tho most remarkable innings on record, and although his fine defence and graceful style wore shown to the host advantage, during tho greator part of tho timo whon he playod. the game his hitting was singularly ineffective and insecure, the full face of the bat being rarely brought to bear. Eight undeniabio chances worb given by the giant smitor, and the English public will havo a raro conundrum to solve when they hear that Steel missed him no less than four times, all chances that au ordinarily good fields man should have taken and two of them absurdly easy. Blackham played raagnificont cricket for his 57 and nover gave tho ghost of a show to tbo field. Tho stylo iu which his runs were mado has boon called peculiar by some critics, but to i my mind tho celebrated wicketkeepcr exhibited the most perfect judgmont. Tbo wicket had be. come fearfully treacherous when he weutin, but ho mastered its difficulties by going out fear lessly and playing tho ball at tbo pitch boforo it had timo to do anything. Giffen, who 1 take to bo the most improved .batsman in Australia, compiled his runs in beauti ful stylo, his off driving being a treat to witness. The surpriso of the 'innings was un doubtedly tho form shown by Evans and Boyle, who made a long stand under very great difficul ties. Tho former played a stubbornly doferisivo game, and dofied all tho bowlers, who, on a wrotched wicket, poppored his fingers most un mercifully ; but Boyle hit with great freedom, and at the same time showed lino defence. Tho Australians' performance was highly crcditahlo, and withal wonderfully good, for the wicket, which at the start of tho innings looked a per- feet picture, played very badly. The south end was pretty good all day, but the northern pitch was ono of tho worst I havo seen for many a da in good woather, and the Australians' 262 would certainly ha7o been worth 350 under more favor- ablo circumstances. On Monday night a con siderable quantity of rain fell, materially. damag ing the Englishmen's ' prospects of miking -. long score, but, although' tho wicket was ovidently affected considerably it did not play quite so badly as tho Australians' wioket had donodurin. thoir first innings. The English team set to work in a manner which showed that thoy wero roso lutoly determined to make tho best of thoir chance, C. T. Studd and Barlow making an excel lent start. The amateur again played beautiful cricket, his splendid stand at the wickets and fine forward play being the theme of general admira tion. Barlow was not qnite happy in tho early part of his innings, buttexhibited his character istic patience in the compilation of his 20 runs. I have a strong opinion, however, that of all Aus tralian bowlers tho stonewaller likes Midwinter tho least, and certainly does not play. hint with confidence. Leslie scored his 10 quickly an >.i well, and Steel ployed another very fine inninn... The latter is in splandid batting form; and, like C. T. Studd, greatly improved sifice his first ap pearance in Australia. Bates ygas decidely the lion of the second innings, and but for his determined stand in company with Barnuu, tho Englishmen would have been out of it at the close of the third day. The Yorkshironiun ehowed his usual freedom, without his too !i : quent recklessness, and his 48 not out was, pt r- haps, the best innings ho has ever played in ti : colonies. Barnes assisted him ably, playii,.-; remarkably ssfe cricket, and the two 'prole-! sionals looked sot for the remainder of the day. when Boyle cleverly eanght and- bowled the Not- fingbam batsman. Ivo Bligh sbowod excellom form for his 10 runs, keeping tho ball well down, and his dismissal by Murdoch at point was one of the smartest bits of fielding one could wish tr, see. The unprecedented excitement which lm attendod this remarkable match from tbo start was at a white heat on "Wednesday, whcii tho Australians had to make 109 runs to win, Each side was eqoaliy confident of tho re suit, and the teams equal favorites in publi : estimation. Tho foeliug that a couple o; hundred wanted more making whon it w;i to decide the rosnlt of the match than undo: other circumstances, however, led many to g-, straight for the Englishmen's chance. Murdoch , who has picked up a deal of tho form which hail no doubt temporarily deserted him, decided t, accompany Bannermnn to tho wickets, and : grand start theso two old companions io'anns made. Alick gave Tylecote a chance which was declined when ho bad made 7, but fro'm that stage never made a single mistake. He must no longer bo called a stonewaller, for ho has deve loped positive brilliancy in his batting, without however in the least degree impairing tho im- pregnable defence which first gained for him tlio sobriqvet. Murdoch played a winning game all over, and finding that the bowling had no terrors for Alick, who scored with great rapidity, used his fine defence to keep up the wicketandlct Bannerman fire way. Bonnor and Horan wero summarily dismissed, but Giffen stemmed the lido which it was feared bad set in when theso two good batsmen wero disposed or so cheaply. Giffen was painfully lame, but batted superbly ; every ball to whioh.be went out was met with the full force of the bat and driven hard along tlio ground, and when Tylecote at last stumped 'liini, tho South Australian was loudly cheered as -liu limped back to the pavilion. The best batting performance in tho whole match was Blackballs second innings. When ho joined Giffen 92 runs were still required, and the spectators wora liy no means happy yet, bnt Blackham soon estab lished confidence, and at a critical stage of tlio game put together perhaps the fiuect innings ho has ever played.. The care with which- ho nego tiated tho bowling (which was splendid, by tho way), may bo judged from tho large number of singles inbisscore, but whenever thcloast chaneo offered tho wood was laid on with a vengeanco, and the winning hit, a brilliant cut. for 4, was one of tho best he had made, und a worthy finish to a magnificent innings. A. word of praiso is due to Midwinter, who played with perfect conlidonco and without tho slightest anxiety - to score, seeing that Blackham must win tho match shaping as lio was. It would bo well if all our prominent players would follow Midwinter's oxamplo olid play as lio did, more for his side than for himself. Tlio cheor which greeted tho winning stroko I thought would never subside. All through tho partnership of Blackham and Giffen the crowd had been absolutely simmering, and tho cheering was at times almost hysterical.- Never in the history of Australian cricket bus such excitomont been seen on a- ground, and the policemen present might as well have attempted to quel! the tempest as try to keep tho excited thousands from faking possession of the ground and calling loudly for the prominent players. A most pleasing featuro in the match was tho iin- partiality with which the applause was bestowed, and tho sportsmanlike spirit of the spectators whichrwaa.thw eiemplified was especially gratl. tying to "the" losers. The .fielding on both sides was patchy, and in .the first innings of the Ans> ' tratisns the. eatchea missed by the Englishmen were', totally inexcusable ; in the second innings great improvement was shown on both sides. Amengnt tho Australians JIurdoch and Boyle wete decidedly the best, but on tbe last day G. B. Studd eclipsed tbem all. Finer fielding has Berar'Jbocn seen in Australia, and repeatedly wore his marvellons efforts greeted with ringing cheers, Blackham and Tylccoto were both in good form behind the wickets, and in the second Minings -the latter showed to particular ad vantage.. Although tbe bowling on both sides was good, no sensational performance has to b6 recorded, the batting being too strung. Boyle and Steel respectively car ried off the honors, and each thoroughly deceived his nositiun. The former exhibited fine all round f -riu to tno great delight of his many friends, who loudly assorted tbat tbe loss of tho two preTi-ns matches was owing to his omission, . an opinion pretty freely endorsed on all hands. 1 look upon the match just concluded as the only one of the four which has been at all a fair tost, of the relative strength of Jlr. Bligh's team arid the .best elov.o'n., of . Australia, , nnd the. result strength ens my formerly expressed opinion that both 'teams' thoroughly fit! and luck equally divided, the cOlonnlfi wonld Win' a substantial, majority in'a series of matches. ' Tho hon. Ivo Bligh, wbo is Certainly . the roost .popular English cricketer that ever visited Aiis-- trafin,', showed how good a loser he is by. the 'hearty way in which he congratulated Murdoch on a victory which lie confessed had. Been well and fairly gained. Murdoch expressed awish that a deciding match between England and Australia might be played in Jlclbonrne in- toad of the return match ae.iinsl Victoria, bat nothing definite was arranged. Thus ended the greatest-cricketing carnival evor held in Australia, cringing'to a termination my stay in Sydnoy, which had been rendered especially cnjoyablo' through tbo uniform kindness of Messrs. Gibson, P. Sheridan and C. W. lical aud other promiuont members of tho New South Wales Cricketing As sociation, whose courtesy and hospitality I shall long remember. 