CRICKET. England v. Eighteen of Queensland Association. By “Si-sskx.” Ever since the arrival of the Hon. Ivo Bligh and his now famous team of cricketers on Australia's sunny shore, lovers of the noble game, from the street Arab to the oldest veteran, have ever been on the look out to note the doings of the Englishmen in their efforts for supremacy over the represen tatives of Australia. Jt is needless for us here to recapitulate what is already known of vvliat they have done since their arrival ; suffice it to say that they have only once been defeated, and that by the renowned Australian Eleven, when the latter had it all their own way. It was not until some after their arrival in Melbourne that it was known tor certain that the Hon. Ivo Bligh’s team would visit Queens land ; but owing to the exertions of some of our leading cricketers and the liberal support promised by several gentlemen of the city, it was finally decided that a match should be played in Brisbane. Then the excitement amongst “our boys” became intense, and all of those who had' any idea of becoming one of the Brisbane representatives went in strongly for practice. It is about some four weeks since the first, thirty were selected for practice, and a fortnight after the final choice was made of who should and who should not be our defenders in the hard task they were aware was before them. The selection did not altogether give universal satisfaction, and the unpleasant task created a lot of jealous feeling among certain classes. However, the selected Eighteen went in for hard practice day after day, and seemed to daily im prove—so much so that the hopes ot the Brisbanitos against such an “awful drub bing” being given them somewhat revived ; but, alas! as the scores given below will show, “ our boys’’ bad not the ghost of a chance, and it appeared that the Englishmen did just as they liked with either the bat or the ball. The Hon. Ivo Bligh and bis team arrived on Thursday week by the government steamer Kate, w hich met the Keilawarra some distance down the. river. They were wel comed by some of our leading citizens, the reception committee, and several other cricket ers who took part in the match. As the steamer approached the Queen’s W liarf great excitement was manifested as to wdiaf they wen* like—whether they were “ lions” such as lnul never been seen before, or what not ; and when the captain of the team put his foot on shore a loud and hearty cheer greeted them on their arrival on Queensland soil. The gentlemen players were at once driven to the Club, and the professionals—Messrs. Barlow, Barnes, and Bates—to the f I lobe Hotel, where they remained during their stay in Brisbane. Play commenced on the following day at 12 o’clock sharp, before a very poor atten dance : but as time drew on, and before much cricketing had been done, fully «()(l<) people were on the ground. Thu Hon. Ivo Bligh having won the toss, took the wickets, ho and <\ T. Studd being iim lust batsmen to face the bowling of Wearne and llobbs, the former opening with a maiden over Ironi the upper end, which was duly followed up by Hobbs from tin1 opposite, end. In the next over C. T. Studd commenced his account by driving the ball to the rails. Kims did not come very quickly owing to the excellent bidding of the. Eighteen, who were admirably placed in the liedd by their captain (Air. Xidtle) ; and soon after proceedings com menced the lion. Ivo had to retire for d, being caught by Sylvester oil Hobb> at nnd olf. "liarlow followed, and, although suffer ing from a bad leg, managed to “ hobble” between the wickets somehow or other, and hatting in his usual carelul style, the scoio soon mounted up, and it was not until 4;> was on the telegraph board that, a separation took plane, Studd being smartly caught, by 1 >. Scott off Petrie, wlm had relieved 'Wearne with the hull. Tylecote followed, and things became somewhat livelier, the old Oxford captain placing the hall all over the held, and ran up J 1 before lie was given out l.b.v. \V. W. Bead soon followed, and he soon opened his account, but was missed once or twice during his stay at the wickets—once at the wickets, and then again by Huberts at square-leg. This was unlucky for the Eighteen, but afforded a treat to the onlookers, who wit nessed some of the finest display of cricket ever seen in <Queensland, Head’s driving and leg-hitting being' much admired. Barlow was the next batsman to retire, being caught by Scott off Wearne for a patiently played lb. | Q-. B. Studd faced Hoad, and things became I very lively for a time ; but the former, after scoring 1 1, was taken bv Gregory off Wearne. G. T. Vernon did not stay long, for, after scoring 2, Hobbs found his weak spot, and sent him to the right- about. Five wickets for 10S, and the Queenslanders jubilant. Barnes followed, but fell a victim to Hobbs, after managing just to break the “ egg. ’ Bates was the next, and matters soon bore a different complexion, for it was not until ISO was on the hoard that the latter was clean bowled by Wearne for 41, amongst which a drive for 5 off Baines deserves special men j tion. Leslie then faced Read, and runs came I still faster, until, just before time was called, | Smith, who had gone on to bowl at the top end, cleaned bowled the (Oxonian for S4. It is needless to say that he was loudly ap plauded on his return to the stand. Steel was the last man, and played until time was called ; the score standing at 2bd for nine wickets. Rain here came down in torrents, which made it very unpleasant for the return journey to town. The second day opened under more favour able auspioies, the thunderstorm of the pre vious night having had the desired effect of clearing the atmosphere and allowing old j “ Sol ’’ to come out in all his glory. About the same number attended the racecourse, but such a total collapse set in on the lTisbanites that all interest in the game had vanished, and several people after the Jirst inningswas over left the course in “disgust;” and no wonder, for out of the whole eighteen only one man managed to crawl into double figures, and that was Strickland, who was one of the last thought of to fill the enviable position. The Englishmen were all out for 2(35, and the Eighteen for (32 in their first, and 40 iti their second innings, thus leaving the Englishmen winners in one innings and lod to spare. Steele’s bowling on the part of the Englishmen was greatly admired, and, as his analysis will show, obtained 10 wickets for 2‘H runs in the first innings and 0 wickets tor 1-7 in the second. We cannot conclude without expressing a word of praise to the working committee, who had left no “stone” unturned to insure comfort to the visitors, and every facility was given to one and all in telegraphing the names of the players, and the numbers scored. The Artillery Band was in attendance', each day, and performed, as usual, very satisfactorily. 