AT last! Isot with prompt decency and a loyal recognition of the verdict of the constituencies against them, bet after delaying the business of the country for a week.or more, the O'LOGHLEN Ministry hare resigned, and there rnnst be another parliamentary interregnum whilst the,new Ministers go before their constituents for reflection. If, as we said the other day, tbe electors who returned the late Ministers are wise and observant of their deeds, this protracted delay to resign, and the consequent delay of public business, -will be assuredly remembered against them. So also will that great majority who did not return them, and who by their votes declared that the late Government were nniit to holH office, remember their attitude before the verdict of the ballot - boxes. It will farther l>e borne ic mind by all thoughtful electors that, besides the delay to submit to the will of the country the late Ministers did what they could to-exacerbate party feeling and damage the prospects of the coalition, which is. necessary at this juncture in the gefieral interests. This was a doable disloyalty to the people, and calls lor emphatic condemnation. What the country requires is, not party squabbles and parliamentary recrimination, but work—the work which *has so long been delayed by an incompetent Administration, and the doing of which, by the strong combination which the country has effectively provided by the late elections, the late Ministers have still further delfyei by their unconstitutional recosacci. And so far as other members of Parliament may play s similar game of factious obstruction, they, too, will come under similar condemnation by the constituencies whose dnty it is to watch the action of their representatives when Parliament re-assembles, and deal with them at the proper time as the circumstances may demand. There is pitiful . childishness, or a pure factions " cussedness," .in the pretence of high political consistency by a few representatives of public opinion here and there hostile to the coalition which is essential at die present time to the conduct of the country's business. These, and theAdullamites in Parliament, will Tally round them as many of the discontented and self-EeekiDg as they can mnster, and will declare they are not mad, -but the action of the Adullamites will be noted by the constituencies, or - desgrre to be' served as badly as'Euch plotters against the true- ise&mng; bf parliamentary obligations ~ may. be able to serve them. Seine .of on& contemporaries, like eome of. the Adullamites in Parliament,*have gone almost into hysterical fits of simulated morality, and have denounced the proposed coalition of Mr SERVICE -and Mr BEERY as a' hemouB .political profligacy," their |sple arguments bong p. rakutg-Bp -of old party, hostilities and' personalities, which it is the will of,the country should now lie dead and tinned.. The intent of all'this rubbish is division of the coalescing parties in the Bbttee, that the liigbly moral, objec to the coalition - may «j>nsh little further their ,£orlom hope of office and pay, no natter bow much (be jMoceas of boctiHty may militate against the despatch of public bnahesp.. ,lt ia • declaration of war, against ike in*^ jonty of selfish emls, and there is no hope £or » better ctate of dungs but in ^tfae ^good .m«h and trae within the Honae landing loyally by fbeSr leaders, anility tl^e constituenraes outside the - Honae taking prompt occasion to reward such _ didoyalTPCnsantB . -'as , ji& fksem. If 4he ekietor&do;'their* du in the course «{ 4ite xe-elections diat may hat'e to be fought out in'the face of contesting obstructionists, such an unmistakable repetition of - the late electoral verdict wili be made as will go far to silence die malcontents, and facilitate the doing iof die work which at the present time none bat a coalition Government can perform. THE mission of die Irish brothers REDMOND to Australia is already bearing fruit in die promotion of breaches of the peace. At a meeting on Tuesday evening, in the Protestant Hall, Sydney, to protest against the efforts of the Irish land Lmguers, and to denounce the organisation of murder under die absptces'' or by the help of league funds, the assembly was disturbed by a compact mob of Irish sympathisers with the league, and the disturbers were not ousted without fights within and withoht the building, and the smashing of seats, tables, and other hall furniture. Sir HENBY PARKES, who was one of the speakers at the meeting, was threatened with personal violence, and he had to be guarded to his cab by & posse of police, whilst the Irish mob in the street after vamly endeavoring to seize possession of the cab, pelted it with stones and perpetrated other outrages against the public peace. This was, of course, 1 a congenially Irish method of asserting the worth of the Land League and its objects; and we may expect to hear of repetitions of similar scenes unless the public authorities take the bnll by the horns, and deal with the emissaries of the Land League as their objects warrant. We hold that it is the duty of the Governments of all these loyal colonies to intervene and put a stop to the mission of the EED- MOND brothers, so far as the public advocacy of-. the Land League, or murder league, is concerned. . This should be prohibited at once,, as inimical to the peace in these colonies and as treason to the State. At tbe present moment there is a prima Jade case of participatioh by the Land League in the Phoenix Park and other murders in Ireland, and rnitil that damning indictment. clearly wiped _ out by rebutting evidence, the authorities here should prohibit the public levying of more moneys, or the public advocacy of measures in aid of what is at present alleged to be an organisation of assassination and treason. We would like to know what course the central authorities of these colonies, would take* if emissaries came here to levy war against the United States, or. ^any other friendly power in the northern hemisphere. That the objects of the Irish Land League are a practical war against the British Government, a war in which secret assassination and the cruel murder of innocent men, women and children form a bloody part of the programme, is now a publicly declared fact, if the evidence given by Irishmen themselves is to be believed. Would the Governments of the Australian colonies tolerate her? the emissaries of a similar organisation against the United States, or Germany, or France, or any other friendly power J We do not think such a mission would be allowed to declare itself, and surely our Governments should be as jealous of the rights and safety of Great Britain as of foreign powers. But, if so, how can the Australian Governments permit the REDMOND brothers to carry on their designs, so long as the Dublin evidence against them has not been satisfactorily rebutted ? At present the stain of innocent blood is upon the Land League, as well as the blot of organised treason, and they who murder, or aid in murder, are the enemies of the human race. This is no time for mealy words or halting measures; for the Governments of these colonies have not only to preserve the peace, but to assert the loyal neutrality of these colonies in such practical way as Bhall arrest at once and for ever the active and public mission of such men as the Messrs REDMOND. Telegraphic communication was restored between Port Darwin and Java at nine o'clock last evening. A sad fatal accident occurred at Sebastcpol' yesterday morning, by which a fine boy named M'Lachlan, aged aboiit eleven years, whose parents reside in Grant street, was killed. M'Lachlan, with two other boys, was riding in Mr Austin's deli verycart, and when going down Bridge street, Sevastopol, the hcrae bolted, and capsized the cart. The occupants were thrown violently oct, but with the exception of H^Lachlan, who fell on his bead and died soon afterwards, they escaped with a few slight injuries only. Typhoid fever continues prevalent in this district, and even in the usually healthy locality of Cardigan it has made its appearance. Mr Weston, a farmer, who should have been a juryman at the late Assizes, was prevented by this fever, and he is at present so ill of it that he is not expected to recover. Capt. Evans, Superintendent of the Reformatory, continues to improve in health. His Honor Mr Justice Etiginbothnm, in his summing up at the Assise Court yesterday in the case Pdetborpe v Band aod Albion Company, said it was & pity the pn>7 prietdcBOr owners of the mine, mt whoae instigation, donbtleaa, the noxious fumes had been generated, bad not been placed in tile dock, and not their nnfbctuuate workmen. The two .small boys George Had£eld and Charles Powell, who were arrested on the previous day, were brought before the CSty bench yesterday morning ai neglected children. The pirents of the children attended at court, ana took them to their homes. It wst some little time ere the parents could recognise, in the" begrimed little yonngitera before them,"tbe tidy o&^jring they tad some time before sent to school. Tbe arresting constable said that tbe boys' bad, since their arrival in Ballarat, elejpt at night in some old irtra pipes. _ We noticed yesterday, in the Assize Court, nt gentlemen who at one time or another have unsuccessfully sought tbe suffrages of the electors for parliamentary, honors. Of these, four woe of the legal fraternity, vis., Messrs U'Dermott, Gsant, Finlayson, and Salter; while tbe remaining two were Brophy and Serjeant. Mr Robertson, J. P., held an enquiry yes- terday morning into tbe citcurfstaoces surrounding tbe death of James Howe, a resident of Bsllarat Ernst, who died very suddenly the previous night while returning from "work. From tbe evidence it appeared that deceased was manager of the New Britannia claim. On Monday be received Boraa injuries by. a fall of earth, and subseq oently_ complain ed of (um in hia side. On Tuesday morning he went to work, as be regarded theiBjunes as trivial. In tbe evening • ^boy informed Mrs Bowe that her husband was lying by » fence. She at anoe went to tiie spot, and -obtained medieal ud. but without «n£L Dr Jcrpayn made a gxutwoiftajn swiinslion, aad * verdict toned in accordance with , the lawlji »1 evidence; that "tbs ^fmraaefl died , irp(n ftrmnrriiage vriMmam ia fisBarat East, <£ wfcicti be hlheya mtfdaot for onr tnfhjtsi, and,lb death was -pinch Rgretfad. &e; leaves a willow and fits chihlm. . - At tbe City Police Gout ye^ccday. MoimCavaiugh, pa femaod,^* chased 'tnfca •E**EO*EO wffieti WEB cotiM to the insanity Oaranafh, but on cpmisg fcefece the mapstn^—Mcnn Bicbmm, Macair, Higganf, and Edanrds, J-P-—they would bot commit him to ui «ylum, -i>ut ordered him to be imprisoned for a week, and to receive medical treatment. This ^ was done, and yesterday Cavanagh was once more brought ijefore tbe magistrates. Dr Bonce deposed that -a fortnight ago he had examined Cavanagh, and fonnd bim iniane, and since Cavanagb's incarceration for a week he had visited liim on six occasions, and still thought the patient insane. The magistrate^ however, again considered that confinement in an asylum would not benefit him, and recommended that he be received as an indoor patient at the Benevolent Asylum, at the same-time subscribing among themselves enough to pay for his board for some time. - A rather extensive robbery of sheep is reported to have taken place at the run of Mr Thos. Murray, at the Warrioa Hilis, near Colac, some time during tbe past month. About 420 sheep, mostly crossbred ewes, were left about a mouth ago by Mr Murray in a securely-fenced paddock on his estate. On Monday on going to see them he found they were gone, and that the fence had been broken to allow of taking them out. The sheep bad .various marks, but were mostly marked by a swallow on near ezraad painted " Ko. 6 " in black on tbe rump! No trace of them bas as yet been discovered, and considering that the robbers bad a whole month ia which to commit their depredations and dispose of their booty, it is possible that the thieves may get clear away. An official inspection of the B.T.R. was held last evening by Colonel bene at the Orderly-room. Tbe arms, &c.;, were found in excellent order, and the Bangers to the number of about 130, including Oeswick and dunes contingents, were then marched out and put through the usual drill bv Colonel Rede, in Start street. Colonel "Bede was much pleased with the conduct <)f the men. At the Orderly-room he presented two longservice medals (for fifteen years 1 service) to Bandmaster Ellis and S=igeant Bennett respectively, accompanying the presentations with a few appropriate remarks. Counsel for the plaintiff in addressing the jury, yesterday, at the Assize Court, in the case of Palethorpe v. the Band and Albion Consols created a little diversion when depicting poetically the manner in wbich tbe defendants had swooped down upon the plaintiff and quoted, " The wolf came down like an Assyrian." A slight titter attracted the worthy hamster's attention, and he hastily corrected himself. An inquiry was held yesterday afternoon by Mr Fitzgerald, J.P., into the Eudden death on Tuesday night of MrstToonan. wife of Mr James Noonan, of the Golden Crown hotel. Main street. Dr Usher's evidence showed that death resulted from syncope, or sudden stoppage of tbe action of the heart. Mr Fitzgerald returned a verdict in accordance with this evidence. On Tuesday nijht^ between ten and eleven o'clock, the inmates of a boarding-hoose in Havelock street, Beaufort, occupied by Mr Gillocli, better known as tbe "General," were alarmed at bearing a noise as of glass breaking in the front room. On going to see what was the matter, they discovered some five or six panes broken in windows and doors, and one of the blinds destroyed." This had evidently been done by stones thrown by some person from tbe street, and on going outside discovered the offender, who a abort time before had been inside, not altogether compos mentis. The individual, however^' made off before assistance could be got to secure him. The " General" refuses at present to disclose tbe name of the individual, and it is probable redress will be sought at the next police court sittings. The monthly meeting ofthe BaQarat Horticultural Society was held in the Mechanics' Institute last night; Mr AWx. Gray, vicepresident, in tbfc chair. ' Present^—Messrs Reid, Cook Rennie, Ross, Kenny, D'Angri, Campbell, Nicbolle, Herbert, Perry, Wood, Phillips,-and Jones. Steward and judges were appointed, and arrangements made for the autumn show to he held in the Alfred Hall on Thursday and Friday, 29th and 30 th : of the present month. Exhibits :—By Mr Wood, Errard street—Three bunches of grapes, white Malverin (this is an excellent, early grape, and very suitable for the Bali&iat; district); one new apple, Peas good Nonsuch, imported by Mr Moss. Buninyong—a very handsome apple. At the Assize Court, yesterday, the case of Henry Palethorpe against the Band and Albion Consols Company was continued and concluded. His Honor summed up in favor of defendants, and the jury brought in a verdict for tbe defendants.. The court then adjourned until ten o'clock this morning. Tbe following mines were inspected and reported noon by Mr C. Stewart during the week ending 3rd March, 1SS3:—Creswick division—South Ciunes, New North Cluscs, Clyde, Port Phillip N. shaft, No. I South Ciunes tribute, Lothair, Bute and Downes. Amalgamated; Ballarat division, Queen; Gordon sub - division, Great Ncithem Paiker's. Among missing friends, an ex-constable named Bernard levers, who left the force about fourteen years ago, is enquired for. He IB about seveuty-four years of age, and was last heard of in Sydney, N.S.W. levers was known here as " Old Barney," and in his way was a very amusing individual, the phenomenal breadth of his Hibernian accent being a subject of much jsking. It is related of Old Birney that one evening, when he was on duty near the Old Cemetery, a carter passing desired his assistance ii^ putting a gravestone lying by the road into his cart. Old Barney did so, and when the carter was arrested for the theft of the stone the constable learned that he had innocently assisted him in committing the robbery. There are now on view, in the window of Mr L. Stansfield's establishment, four watercolor sketches by Mr C. Abbott, the well known artist. One is a'pretty sketch of a " Fiood on the Loddon, 1856, at Lawrence's crossing.Another ia a eea picture of the old hulk and sheoakeroff Fisherman's Bend^ 1S53, a clever sketch. "Old and New China" is a smart caricature of a couple of Celestials—the one in Chinese garh, the other in English costume. The fourth is of interest to old Ballaratariane, cricketers especially. It is a picture of " Dan Sweeney,as wicket-keeper, and is a very good sketch, the likeness of this early promoter of cricket ia Ballarat being very good. Mr Abbott intends to dispose of-these works by raffls, and they will be oil view at Stansfield's for a few days. Mr William Porter, dairman, of the Bur rumbeet road, had a stack of hay, valued at £100, destroyed by fire on his farm on Tuesday. It is not known what caused the fire. The property was not insured. It }uts been suggested that now a scenic artist of Mr Little's ability is in Ballarat, it would be an opportune time to have a new drop scene painted for the Academy, in place of tile flaming picture which now greets the eyes of the audience wben tbe green curtain rises. A change would not be disagreeable. At a meeting of the Gordon and Egerton Miners* fAssociation held on the evening of tbe 5ta instant, a levy of Is per member was made by the A.M.A. to assist men on strike at FryerEtown. and will be collected the stewards on the first pay-day after this date. We have risccived from " Sympathy," 3s; and from H. B* St, for. the Biley family. Wis have- received from Mr Willetta, a boudoir portrait of Miss Constance Deorwyni' now playing in the "Ughta o* London,** which may he termed photographic statuary. lady is represented in the form of a bust resting on a pedestal, knd ao well have die manipulations been conducted, that to all appearance it looks like a bust sculptured in marble. It is artistically executed and highly finished. Tbepictureison view at the'etndib. Bridge Tbe diamond drills, (sayx the Herald), for which there was at one time a demand so great-tbat extensi re orders had to be given to manufacturers to enable the Mines Department to beep pace with tbe demand, seeia to be now held in less estimation. Four of them. ijpw lie in the storesot the department unsought for. Tbe fallowing is a specimen of the Hon. Ibooaa Bent'c buffoonery, aa reported by the Argit, and exhibited m tbe Assembly oft Tuesday night, when defending the OTioghlee Gorennnent t—-B* aaid—" When the t r P ™ Govnjunent waa formed be was certain 5t all immoral alliances did.. Tie fUAr, Ghost declared it. (Lmghter.) Although the numbers wen: np, ft would he well tn has 4j»iiontoramnd tbe Houfe d tbe grandIthiras done, for the country by the OXoghlai* -Government. (Laughter.) from the Wimmera to the Moray, where once there were Bothing _ hut arid triaina, there waa now pleaty of "pure j them to pray for rain. (Laughter.) IkO donbt when the present Goraniment took office the people were cursing Berry, and bad bad' been cursing Inm long before, but tbe progress,'and prosperity inaugurated the Government gave the community time to pray. The statistics of the churches showed that. (Loudlangbter.) More churches had been built since this Government came into office than before. (laughter.) The bazaan which had been held showed how prosperous the country had been." The friends of Mrs Eiordan, late of the American hotel, took the occasion of her visit to Mrs Everard'e, Spring Hill, on Monday (says the Cresoki Advertiser) to prese her with a gold chain and locket, tbe latter bearing the following inscription:—"Presented to Mrs J. Riordan, from a few friends, on her leaving Creswick. March, ISS3.' : The presentation was made by Mr itverard in felicitous terms, to which Mia Riordan very feelingly responded. \- The members of the^EIectioos and Qualifications Committee of theLegislativeAssembly' (says the A riyws) have been appointed by the Speaker. The committee consists of Messrs Service, Patterson, M'Intyre, Balton, Coppin, Dsakin, and Thompson Moore. The papers in connection with the late Creswick disaster (savs tbe Arqus) are now nndcr the consideration of the officers of the Mining department, and Major Couchman, the secretary and chief mining -surveyor, intends at an early date submitting to the Minister a series of recommendations on'the subject. Tnese will be drafted with the object oi being ultimately embodied in amended legislation for the prevention of mining accidents, and will include proposals for more satisfactory survey arrangements; for more complete information being supplied regarding abandoned workings; and lurtber ior insuring greater safety to life by the construction of escape drives in mines where they are considered nece&saiy.; MrC. E. Jones will lecture at the Mechanics' Institute this evening on "The Bastfle." The following is the synopsis:—The House of Valiis—Henri cf Navarre—Huguenot soldi ere—Black Bartholomew—Bavaiilac the assassin—Cardinal Richelieu—Taxing the church — Colbert the protectionist — The Grand Monarque — Ramilies— Marlbro' — Has God forgotten—Dragonnades—Edict of Nantes revoked—Orleans Regency—John Law—Louis the well-beloved—American revolution—The amende honorable — Marie Antoinette— Louis the locksmith — Bread riots—Starving petitioners—Gal Iowa at Versailles—Deficit in treasury—Privileges of nobility—Voltaire and tbe. Bastile — Tale of two cities—The French parliament— Shall property be taxed?—Assembly of nobles— The States General—Mirabeau—Talleyrand, Bishop of Autnn—One Chamber or three?— The King's blander—The Tennis Court oath —Verification in common—Paris environed— Faubourgs rising—The Marsellaise Hymn— Six hundred men that know how to die—La Fayette—Marat—Fall of the Bastile—Coun; de Lauoav—Massacre in Paris street*—Not rebellion,/ sire, 'tis revolution. Captain James Butlec has kindly consented to take the chair. -The programme of the Easter Monday «ports -on the Eastern Oval, in aid of the Ballarat Public library, appears in another column. Amongst tbe events are included a grand amateur costume bicycle race, go-asyou-please, and walking match; and many other novelties are promised. Tbe object of the sports should be alone sufficient to draw a large attendance, and visitors will have, as usual, an opportunity cf enjoying a pleasant holiday. The committee of the Eight Hours' Anniversary will meet on Friday evening, at eight o'clock, at Camp street. A presentation of prizes ahd certiorates in connection with the Church of England Sunday School Association will take place on Friday evening. ' The members of the' Loyal Pioneer and Ballarat lodges will hold a Riebekah degree meeting on Friday evening, at eight o'clock, in the Societies.' Hall, Grenville street. The quarterlv meeting of the Excelsior Female Tent, I.O.R., will be held to-night, at the Societies' Hall, at eight o'clock. The annual meeting cf the Victoria Imperial Football Qnb will- be held to-morrow at Meagher's hotel, at eight o'clock. 