GENEBAIi news. j The Colonial line steamer Pathan arrived : st the Semaphore this morning, and is an ; nounced to sail again this afternoon; j The following appointments have been made ! by His Honor Mr. Commissioner Stuart:— I Wm. Norton to be first assistant bailiff; ' Theodore H. Goodman to be second assistant j bailiff; and A. Jaeschke, Wm. Teague, Geo. i Johnson, Levi Bigwood, James- P. Smith, ■ and Reuben J- Hibbert to be'assistant •bailiffs. There were about 200 applications i for the positions. ; A deputation representing the townships of Clarendon, Kangarilla, Wickham's gHill, ; Meadows, Willunga, and other parfc3 of that district, was introduced to the Commissioner , of Public Works (Hon. J. G. Ramsay) by the I Hons. J. Colton and J. Carr, on Wednesday, ; August- 1. The deputation presented a | j memorial requesting the Government .to cause a survey and approximate j estimate of the cost of a line of (railway via Clarendon and Kangarilla to | Willunga to be made without delay. They j asked that any railway which might be con-' jstructed to Willunga should be brought j through Clarendon and Kangarilla, for after ! a careful survey the route was found to be I very practicable. The Commissioner said he | would have a survey made by an engineer ; and procure a report upon the matter and | then communicate with the members for the j district, j The ordinary half-yearly meeting] of John iHill & Company was held in the Exchange | Arbitration-room on Wednesday morning. ! Ti ere was a fair attendance of shareholders. ■ (TheHon. J. Crozier, M.L.C., presided. The j chairman, in moving the adoption of the | report and balance- sheet, remarked that he j had good reason to believe that tbe prosperity • that had attended them in the past would • continue in the future. If the hay season | turned out to he a good one it would save the . company a large sum of money, estimated at : about £2,000. They had little reason to fear (that the new railway lines would effect their • business, as if there was a slight decrease" •in the returns from the country lines1 •; their town traffic was on the increase. : The Pirie-street yard was in good order, and ; although something had been written off for j depreciation of stock, he did not believe that 'their plant had depreciated at all.; The ; establishment was one of the best in* the colonies, and in Mr. J. Hill the company had an excellent and careful manager in : whom the directors had every confidence. ; The Hon. A. B. Murray, M.L.C.jSeconded1 : the motion. It gave him satisfaction to-learn that the company was in a prosperous state; ! He added his; meed of praise to Mr. Hill fo^ ; his excellent management. lffie; motion was ' (carried. On the motion of Mr.J. Fisher, j seconded by Mr. R. Kay, a vote of thanks' ! embracing an expression of confidence in the < . directors and manager was passed. An intimation was given by the Chief i Secretary in the House of Assembly on Tue3 ; day afternooD, in answer to a question asked • by the Hon. J, Carr, that it is expected tbe : section of tbe railway to the Victorian border (from Aldgate to Nairne will be ready for {opening about the beginning of October next; ! A discussion took place in the Upper; i House on Tuesday on the subject of the • scarcity of labor, when tbe Commissioner of | Public Works stated that relief works had \ been opened on th6 Nairne railway line, and j that 100 of the unemployed were to leave that • day for the scene of work. A Bill empower jing tbe City Corporation to open a.road | through Victoria-square, passed its first'read j iDg. The - second reading , of the measure; - j which was introduced by the Hon. H, Scott,: ; was fixed for Tuesday next. ] Leave was given to the Commissioner of i Crown Lands in the House of Assembly on ; Tuesday to introduce a Bill providing for the i conservation of water. It was explained that I the measure will provide for the formation of 'water districts and the establishment of I hoards of control. These bodies are to have (.power to levy rates for the* payment of the ! interest on loans to be advanced by the ! Government for conserving water, and to ! meet the necessary working expenses in con | nection with their operations. The members of the Legislative Council are not yet satisfied with the Married* (Woman's Property Bill. On Tuesday there i was only one clause to be dealt with, and" ' after that had been passed the measure, on a i division, was recommitted. The Hon. D. (Murray endeavored to alter clause 1 by ; striking out subsection three, but the attempt! j ended in defeat. Then the Commissioner of; ! Public Works moved for the excision of new! I clause A, added to the Bill in committee last week on the motion of the Hon, j Mr. Baker. This gave the latter gentleman j an opportunity of replying to the strictures (passed on.him in Tuesday's Register onac j count of the clause which had been inserted t in the Bill on his motion. According to the ! hon. gentleman, "if the English language was understandable the article in the Register ( plainly said he WB3 either a fool or a knave." (He defended the clause, and accused the [ writer of the article of being ignorant of the j subject on which he had written. The Hon, |H. Scott, who had made amendments to the: j Hon. Mr. Baker's clause, which that gentleman had accepted, said that when 'the whole of the members of the j Council were treated in such a supercilious ! manner as they had been by tbe Register, the i House ought to take exception to it. If they j did hot they would soon be regarded as being j in the position indicated by an American, • who, in answer to a question, said he had j been seven years in a penetentiary, but he thanked God he had never fallen so low as > to become a member of Congress. After a (discussion the clause was allowed to stand. ; The Bill is to he further considered on I Tuesday next, when efforts will be made to (amend the Hon, Mr. Baker's clause. Aftera long debate, adjourned from week • to week for a considerable time past, the i Crown Lands Bill was on Tuesday afternoon : read a second time in the Lower House; The : discussion was resumed by Mf. HCnning, that (hon, member agreeing to support the second reading of the Bill on the understanding that ; the measure would be considerably amended in committee. He objected to the abolition 1 of all interest payments, but foresaw that there would be some difficulty in discrimi nating as to tbe cases in which the conces • sion should be made. After Mr. Henning's • speech, in which that hon. member with some' i warmth replied to the strictures passed on ihim by Mr. Kingston, the Commissioner of ; Crown Lands brought the discussion to a (close by answering.the various objections j made; doriDg the .course of tbe debate. In ; defence of the policy of the Government not I to attempt any discrimination in accepting i surrenders under the Bill, but to treat the j whole of the selectors alike, he urged that the | wholecolony had during the last three or four | years suffered from drought, and the position; (was one which called for legislation of'a ; general, not special character. It was, he 1 pointed ont, contrary to the principles under ! lying all our land legislation that the circum jstances of any, man should be inquired into, iwith a view of ascertaining whether or not he | i could afford the loss to which he had been [subjected. The Bill was then read a second (time, no division being taken, and some hours ■ (were spent' in considering the measure in ' (committee; In clause 3,;which provides for; (the surrender of. agreements to allpw of! (the abolition of interest; Mr. Piayford • • sought to make an amendment which would have the effect of extending the. application of the clause to selectors only who. hold, land within the limits to he defined by a schedule. The hon. gentleman wished to give the concessions provided v for to all selectors be yond the rainfall line, or some _ line, approximating to , it; and in; cases inside the line only to those selectors who satisfied the Commissioner that they had a fair claim for relief. The House were, however, against Mr. Playford on this point, and his amend ment was negatived. An amendment moved by Mr. Rounsevell to apply the concessions given by the third clause to selectors under the condition of substituted residence, as well as to those personally resident on the land, was also rejected on a division by twenty-four votes to eight. The seventh clause was altered so as to provide that any selector who shall plant and beep planting to the satisfaction of the Commissioner not less than one-fifth of the land with wattles, or with cereals and wattles, Shall he deemed to have complied with the conditions of his agreement. "The committee obtained leave to . sit again on Thursday. Mrs. Hampson conducted the last revival : istic services of her mission in the Town Hall on Tuesday. The mid-day meeting was one? ■ of the most successful yet held. These ser ! vices have been growing in popularity since : the commencement of the mission. At first ! they were attended by about 200 persons,: I but. the number has gradually increased, j and on Tuesday the body of the hall was not! large enough to contain the crowd that as-' ; sembled. In the evening.tbe attendance was' again very great, and every inch of available I space in the hall and galleries being, occupied i the gates were closed to prevent overcrowd* ; ing. A crowd quickly gathered around the : gates, and 'then it was announced that an ! "overflow meeting" would be conducted in the Pirie - street Wesleyan Lecture - hall, : A [large crowd assembled at the over i flow meeting, which was successfully i conducted by the Revs. J. B. Stephenson and ;■ W, R. Hiddlestone. At the Town Hall meet j ing the opening services were conducted by ! the Rev. A. W. Webb. Mrs. Hampson took i as her text the words, "Blessed be the God ! and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which, according to His abundant m$rcy hath- be gotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the;dead.' Peter, i., 3. She divided her address into two parts, and at the close of the' first half asked all who: had received benefit, during the mission to stand up. In response | a large number of old and young rose to their i feet in various parts of the hall. The j after-meeting was largely attended, and a i number of penitents sought direction in i the!' enquiry-room. Up. to 10 o'clock ; on Tuesday evening 300 converts' tickets,' • entitling the holders to a reserved seat at the i valedictory public meeting and a remem ! brancepamphlet, had been distributed. To-day , j i the mid-day meeting will be held inthe Pirie ! street Lecture-hall, and to-night farewell tea* | j and public meetings will be tendered-to Ivlrs. I Hampson in the Town Hall. The first issue- j ; of tickets, 1,500 in number, have all been" i sold, and this morning an additional 500 will j be issued, but no money will be taken atSthe dcors, A significant fact with regard to the labor, market, writes our shipping reporter, was' observable on Tuesday morning, when over 150 unemployed stevedores and wharfraen" were counted at the flagstaff steps, Port Ade ■ laide. . | The residence of. the Roman Catholic (Bishop (Dr. Reynolds)on West-terrace has j lately been enlarged, and very much im 1 proved. The result is that the house now i presents an elegant appearance, and is a de ! cided ornament to the terrace;. | It appears from a 'statement made by. the: ! Chief Secretary in the House of Assemblyon; i Tuesday that the work in connection with the • 1 alteration of the railway curve at Glanville ! has been delayed in consequence of negotia tions with the Largs Bay Company for a ■ change which would better suit the traffic, on j their line. Operations were resumed on I Tuesday. An accident occurred on the drainage works in Bowen-street, off Franklin-street, on Tuesday afternoon. A man named Patrick Kissane was working in one of the trenches when the sides of the excavation fell on top of him. He was got out as quickly as possible and removed to the hospital, where he was admitted. His injuries are not considered serious. > The following are the passengers booked to j leave by the R.M.S. Pekin which > sail8 from" j Glenelg on ThursdayMr. Rupert Ingleby;, ] Mrs. Inglehy and two children, and Miss. I Sells for London; Captain Fraser for Cal1 ; cutta; Mr. A. Hi LocHeer Mr„ and Mrs. (John Ward, Mr. Thurlow, Miss Spencer, •; Master Spencer, and Master Treasure for 1 Albany. | At a meetirig uf the executive committee of j tbe proposed Adelaide Exhibition, held at ; Government House at noon on Tuesday, it I was resolved that Mr. Samuel Davenport | ! should be asked to accept the position of j executive commissioner. Mr. Davenport j afterwards expressed his willingness to occupy i the position. His Excellency the Governor | presided over the meeting. | sudden death; occurred at Stirling West on Monday morning. Mr. E. Teague, well-. known as the proprietor of the refreshment rooms opposite Hill & Co.s stables at Stirling West, walked to church on Sunday evening, but did not enter with his wife and son-in law, who accompanied him. During the service he was discovered to be in a fit near the church gates, and Dr. McLachlan, who was quickly in attendance, pronounced that he was smitten with paralysis. He was re moved, to his residence, where, after two additional attacks, he expired at an early hour oh Monday morning. Deceased was 74 years of age. Travellers along the eastern main road are • rejoicing at the completion of the tramline to MagUl. The opening day is, we believe, not absolutely fixed, but the interesting ceremony i is expected to come off within the next fort i night. To holiday tourists this line will I afford a charming ride, and the antici i pated opening is-already giving an impetus j to building operations at the terminus. The Hon. J. Carr enquired, in,the House j of Assembly on Tuesday, whether the Go I vernment would make arrangements for a ; trial of Hullett's combination trucks on the ! narrow gauge railways in the colony. The Chief Secretary would hot promise that a , trial should be made, but intimated that he i would obtain a report on the subject from I the officers in tbe Engineer-in-Chief's depart j ment. ! A confirmation service was conducted at j All Saints' Church, Hindmarsh, on Tuesday : evening, by Dr. Eennion (Anglican Bishop). I The Rev. H. M. Pollitt (incumbent) intoned i the service, the Rev. Canon Green read the lessons, and the bishop's chaplain alsoassisted. S Provious to the bishop- administering the i rite of confirmation, he urged the necessity of holy lives, and remarked that many failed in beiDg what they might be because they did not trust in the gracious power of the' Holy Ghost, which was as powerful now as it was in the first century. One reason why Christianity had not a stronger hold on the nations was because there were too many, cowards in religion who were afraid to confess Christ. There was one thing to be learnt from tbe Salvation Army, and he would like to impress it on those' present, and"| I that was the example of courage they. | showed. They were not ashamed, as many i church people were, of their cause; and: j they were not ashamed of what they pro I f essed; and if the church had moved on in i that way in the past there would not now be 1 a need of the Salvation Army. Hb specially, > urged the candidates to take their stand on j S the side of Christ, to go > forward with courage i in fighting against the world, the flesh, and ! ! the devil. Twenty-four candidates then pre- j j sented themselves and received, the bene- J i diction of the bishop. A short after-address" j j was also given by his lordship. Messrs. Geo. ! ; E. DeMole and W. R. Tothill received from.! j the bishop licences as lay readers; At the ! close an offertory was taken up oh behalfjof | the church debt fund. The Hey wood Minstrels' entertainment was -1 repeated on Tuesday' at the Academy of j Music before a full house, and passed off successfully. The same programme is an ! nounced for to-night. The annual entertainment in connection 1\. with the Adelaide Young Men's Society; | Cricket Club was given at Stow Lecture-ball on Tuesday evening. The programme opened with an overture " Le Chevalier de Briton, by the Adelaide orchestra,-who also gave a valse, "Olivia," a galop "En evanv' and selections from "Patience," all of which were rendered in .excellent style, Mr. J. C. M. Stone contributed two BOrigs, "Alice, where art thou 2" and " A dream within a dream," both of which were well given. Miss. J. \ Bissett sang "Shellsof the ocean," and was encored, when she repeated a portion of the j soDg. A duet "To-morrow," by the MisseS. i Carter, pleased the auditory, although the [vocalists appeared to He somewhat11 ner vous. Mrs. Thomas Farrell . was not l over successful .in her, rendition of the song " O, how delightful,'? which was accom-. : panied by a flute ohligato by Mr. Stone, The same lady also assisted in a duet with Mr. . Stone, "I know a bank." Mr. .Guthrie gave . a violin solo iii a capital manner, and Mr. Hall hit the taste of the audience by his'comic .song, which was given in character. The; i entertainment was concluded by the perform-, j I ance of a farce, " Caught by the cuff," Those' i who took part were Messrs; A. Sladden, J.' :Dew, W. DobsOn, T. WVBabbage, and A. iHall. , - - will be held in tbe'xdwhB^ evehii^;; ^ * 