fiction. Robbery Under Arms. By Rolf Boldrewood. Chapter XXXIII. 1 got to Bates's paddocks about daylight, and went straight up to the hut where the man lived that looked after it. Most of the diggers that cared about their horses paid or eir grass in farmers' and squatters' paddocks, though the price was pretty high. Old Bates, who had a bit of a good grassed flat, made a pretty fair thing out of it by taking in horses at half-a-crown a week apiece. As luck would yk , If' man ^ knew me ; he'd seen mo out wi e Yankees one day, and saw I was a friend with 'lern, when I said I'd mmn w v- 4-1 ? ut Jm I ? ? Aiill o OUX1CX, HO liUUUgU* 1L e y enough, and got out the saddle and bridle. I tipped went off telling him I was going to Wattle I m- °°j a* B 1uartz-crUshing plant that was for sale. Ttmfl01Ult^vfOr com'nE UP 80 early by saying I'd lost my anV 1 wanted to get to Wattle Flat sharp, as ,aP t° buy the plant. I cut acroBsthe Jnnml Bun on my 'Sbt hand, and pushed on for the sored h*J ft? i1'8 well I did. I rode able to nav ^nr waB pretty tough, and I was him at Jonath j killed him. I trusted to leaving with the wilt11 B' an.'lee^ne a fredl horse there. What sleep the nie-linf forest— having no I was nreitv » J. e' ^ *b0 bother and trouble of it all, paddock ,wasreal glad to see Jonathan's lately. h'.L j 'J®. house we'd thought so little and begin to u ? j10 w,600n people rise grand notions ' Hello ' t t0? b,£ for their boots. 'lastic-side boot* ® U?-'' ^ ' No swag, bit fishy; don't it new rifle, old horse, looks a said. ' Have you a decent ^ e- fide nieht aUd jilkin' to the gali^ ^°y'8 rode UP- 1 hear hitn a »hc old moke k°ows l£ anybody does. I'll take bave a biunner. All right!'*' ^ 1 06111 ,et y°u stop at Eome breakfast. It's as much as I 1 ^by, Dick MarBtcn, is that you? No, it can't be,' ' paid both girls together. 'Why, you look like a ghost. He doesn't. He looks as if he'd been at a ball all night. Plenty of partners, Dick F' ??Never mind, Dick,' says Maddie; 'go and make yourself comfortable in that room, and I'll have breakfast for you while you'd let a cow out of the bail. We don't forget our friends.' ' If all our friends were as true as von, Maddie,' I said, rather^down like, ' I shouldn't be here to-day.' ' Oh! that's it, is it,' says she, 'we're only indebted to somebody's laying the traps on — a woman of course — for your honour's company. Never mind, old man, I won't hit you when you're down. But, I say, you go and have a yarn with Billy the Boy — he's in the kitchen. I believe the young imp knows something, but he won't let on to Bill and I.' While the steaks were frying— and they smelt very good, bad as I felt — I called out Master Billy and had a talk with him. I handed him a note to begin with. It was money well spent, and, you mark iny words, a shilling spent in grog often buys a man twenty times the worth of it in informa tion, let alone a pound. Billy had grown a squeamish set middle-sized chap ; his hair wasn't so long, and his clotheB were better ; his eye was as bright and bold looking. As he stood tapping one of his boots with his whip, he looked for all the world like a bull terrier. ' My colonial oath, Dick, you're quite the gentleman free with your money just the same as ever. You takes after the old governor ; he always paid well if you told him the truth. I remember him giving me a hidin' when I was a kiddy, for'eayin' something I wnsn't sure of. My word ! I was that sore for a week after, I couldn't button my shirt. But ain't it a pity about Jim ?' ' Oh, that's it. What about Jim ?' ' Why the p'leece grabbed him of couree. You fellers don't think you're going on for ever and ever, keepin* the country in a state |of terrorism, as the papers say. No, Dick, it's wrong and wicked and sinful. You'll have to knock under, and give us young uns a chance.' Here the impudent young rascal looked in my face as bold a6 brass, and burst out laughing. He certainly was the cheekiest young scoundrel 1 ever came across. But in his own line you couldn't lick him. ' Jim's took,' he said, and he looked curiously over at me. ' I seen the p'leece a takin' trim across the country to Bargo early this morning. There was poor old Jim a lookin' as if he was goin' to be hanged, with a chap leading the screw he was on, and Jim's long legs tied underneath. I was gatherin' cattle, I was. I drew some up just for a stall, and had a good look.' ' How many men were with him ?' ' Only two, and they're to pass through Bargo Brush about sundown to-night, or a bit earlier. 1 asked one of tho men the road, said I'd lost myself and would be late home. Ha! ha! ha!' And how the young villain laughed till the tears came into his eyes, while he danced about like a blackfellow. ' See here, Billy,' I said, ' here'sanother pound for jou, and there'll be a fiver after, if you stick well to me to-day. 1 won't let Jim be walked off to Berrima without a flutter to save him. It'll be the death of him. He's not like me, and he's got a young wife besides.' ' More fool he, Dick, what does across cove want with a wife, he can't never expect to do any good witha wife follerin' of him about. I'm agin marrying, least ways, as kmg as a chap's sound on his pins. But I'll stick to you, Dins, and, what's more, 1 can take you a short cut to the brush, and we can wait in a gully and see the traps come up. You have a snack and lie down for a bit. I seen you were done when you rame up. I'll have the horses ready saddled up.' ' How about the police ? Suppose they come this way 'r' 'Not they. 'lhey split and took across towards tho Mountain Hut, where you all camped with the horses, i didn't see 'em ; but I cut their tracks. Five shod horses. They might be here to-morrow.' A bush telegraph ain't a bad thing. They're not all as good as Billy the Boy. But the worst of 'em, like a bad sheep dog, is a deal better than none. A buBh telegraph, you see, is mostly worked about the neighbourhood he was born in. He's not much good any where else. He's like a blackfellow outside of his own 'tauri.' He's at sea. But within 20 or 30 miles of where he was born and bred, he knows every track, every range, every hill, every creek, as well as all the short cuts and by-roads. He can bring you miles shorter than any one that only follows the road. He can mostly track like a blackfellow, and tell you whether the cattle or horses which he sees the tracks of are belonging, to his country or are strangers. He can get you a fresh horse on a pinch, night or day, for he knows everybody's paddocks and yards, as well as the number, looks, pace, and pluck of everybody's riding horses — of many of which h9 has ' taken a turn' out of, that is ridden them hard and far, and returned them during the night. Of course he can be fined— even imprisoned for this — when he is caught in the act. Herein likes the difficulty. I felt like another man after a wash, a nip, and a real good meal, with the two girls sitting close by and chattering away as usual. 'Do you know,' says Bella, ' it half serves you right. Not that that Port Phillip woman was right to 'peach. She ought to have had her tongue torn out first, let alone go open-mouthed at it. But mightn't you have come down here from the Turon on Sundays and holidays now and then, and had a yarn with us all ?' ' Of course we ought, and we deserve to be kicked— the lot of us ; but there were good reasons why we didn't like to. We were regularly boxed-up with the diggers, nobody knew who we were, or where we came from, and only for this Jezebel never would have known. If we'd come here, they'd have all dropped that we were old friends, and then they'd have known sill about us.' 'Well, I'm glad you've lost your characters,' says Maddie. 'You won't have to be so particular now, and you can come as often as Sir Ferdinand will let you. Good bye. Billy's waving his hat.' It wasn't long before I was in the saddle and off again. I'd made a bit of a bargain with Jonathan, who Bold me a pair of riding boots, butchers', and a big tweed poncho. The boots were easier to take a long rough ride in than trousers, and 1 wanted the poncho to keep the Ballard rifle under. It wouldn't do to have it in your hand all the time. As we rode along, I settled upon the way I'd try and set poor Jim free. Bad off as I was myself, I couldn't bear to see him chained up, and knew that he was going for years and years to a place more wicked and miserable than he'd ever heard of. After riding 20 miles, the sun was getting low, when Billy pointed to a trail which came broad ways across the road, and which then followed it. ' Here they are — fleece, and no mistake. Here's their horses' tracks, light enough. Here's the prisoner's horse, see how he stumbled ? and this road they're bound to go till they cross the Stony point and get into the great Bargo Brush, near a creek.' We had plenty of time by crossing a range and running a blind creek down to be near the place where the troopers must pass, as they crossed the main creek. We tied up the horses a 100 yards distance behind us in the forest, and 1 made ready to rescue Jim, if it could be managed anyhow. How was it to be done i I could depend on the rifle car rying true at short ranges ; but I didn't like the notion of firing at a man behind his back like. I hardly knew what to do, when all of a sudden two policemen Bhowed up at the end of the track, nearest the creek. One man was a bit in front, riding a fine horse too. The next one had a led horse; oh which rode poor old Jim, looking as if he was going to be hanged that day, as Billy said, though I know well he wasn't thinking about himself. I don't believe Jim ever looked miserable for so longsince he waB born. Whatever happened to him before, he'd have a cry or a fight, and it would be over. But now his poor old face looked that wretched and miserable, as if he'd never smile again as long as he lived. He didn't seem to care where they took him ; and when the old horse stumbled and close up fell down, he didn't take notice. When I Eaw that, my mind was made up. I couldn't let them take him away to his death. I could sec he wouldn't live a month. He'd go fretting his life about Jeanie, and after the free life he'd always led. He'd fall sick like the blacks when they're shut up, and die without any reason but because a wild bird won't live in a cage. So I took aim and waited till they were just crossing the creek into the forest. The leading man was just riding up , the bank and the one that led Jim's horse was on the bit of a sand bed that the water had brought down. He was the least bit a head of Jim, when I pulled trigger and sent a ball into him, just under the collarbone. I fired high on purpose. He drops off his saddle like a dead man. The next minute Billv the Boy raises the most awful corroberee of screams and nowls, enough for a whole gang of bush rangers, if they went in for that sort of thing. He emptied four chambers of his revolver at the leading trooper right away, and I fired at his horse. The constable never doubted — the|attack was so sudden and savage like — but there was a party of men hid in the Brush. Billy's shots had whistled round him, and mine had nearly dropped his horse, so he thought it no shame to make a bolt and leave his mate, as Beemed very bad hit, in our hands. His horse's hand-gallop growed fainter and fainter in the distance, and then we unbound poor Jim, set his feet at liberty, and managed to dispose of the handcuffs. Jim's face began to look more cheerful, but he was down in the mouth again when he siw the wounded man. He began at once to do what he could for him. We stopped a short distance behind the brush, which had already helped us well. Jim propped up the poor chap, whose lifeblood waB flowing red throngh the bullet-hole, and made him as com fortable as he could. ' I must take your horse, mate,' he says ; ' but you know it's only the fortune of war. A man mnst look after himself. Some one '11 come along the road soon.' He mounted the trooper's horse, and we slipped through the trees— it was getting dark now— till we came to our horses. Then we all rode off together. We took Billy the Boy with us until he put us on to a road that led us into country that we knew. We could makeourownwayfromthere, and so we sent off our scout, telling him to ride to the near est township and say- he'd seen a trooper lying badly wounded by the Bargo Brush roadside. The sooner he was seen to, the better chance he'd have. Jim brightened up considerable after this. He told me how he'd gone back to say good-bye to Jeanie — how the poor girl went into fits, and he couldn't leave her. By the time she got better the cottage was surrounded by police; there was no use being shot down without a chance, so he gave himself up. ' My word, Dick,' he said, ' I wished for a bare-backed horse and a deep gully, then ; but it wasn't to be. There was no horse handy, and I'd only have been carried into my own place a dead man and frightened the life out of poor Jeanie as well.' ' You're worth a dozen dead men yet, Jim,' I said. ' Keep up your pecker, old man. We'll get across to the Hollow sometime within the next 24 hours, and there vce'll be safe, anyhow. They can't touch Jeanie, you know; and you're not short of what cash she'll want* to keep her till this blows over a bit.' ' And what am 1 todo all the time?' he says, so pitiful like. ' We're that lond of one another, Dick, that I couldn't hardly bear her out of my sight, and now I'll be months and months and months without a look at her pretty face, where I never seen anything yet but love and kindness. Too good for me she always was; and what have 1 brought her to 'i My God ! Dick, 1 wish you'd shot me instead of the con stable, poor devil!' ' Well, you wasn't very far apart,' I says, chaffing like ' If that old horse they put you on had bobbed forward level with him, you'd have got plugged instead. But it's no use giving in, Jim. We must stand up to our fight now or throw up the sponge. There's no two ways about it.'' We rattled on then without speaking, and never cried crack till we got to Nulla Mountain, where we knew we were pretty safe not to be followed up. We took it easier then, and stopped to eat a bit of bread and meat the girls had put up for me at Jonathan's. I'd never thought of it before. When I took the parcel out of the pocket of my poncho I thought it felt deuced heavy, and thero, sure enough, was one of those shilling flasks of brandy they sell for chaps to go on the road with. Brandy ain't a good thing at all times and seasons, and I've seen more than one man, or a dozen either, that might just as well have sawed away at their throats witha blunt knife as put the first glass to their lips. But we was both hungry, thirsty, tired, miserable, and pretty well done and beaten, though we hadn't had time to think about it. 3. hat drop of brandy seemed as if it had saved our lives. 1 never forgot it, nor poor Maddie Barnes for thinking of it for me. And I did live to do her a good turn back — much as there's been said again me, and true enough too. It was a long way into the night, and not far from day light either, when we stumbled up to the cave — dead beat, horses and men both. We'd two minds to camp on the mountain, but we might have been followed up, hard as we'd ridden, and we didn't like to throw a chance away. \Ve didn't want the old man to laugh at us, and we didn't want to do any more time in Berrima — not now, anyhow. We'd been living too gay and free a life to begin with the jug all over again. So we thought we'd make one job of it, and get right through, if we had to sleep for a week after it. It would be slow enough, but anything was better than what we'd gone through lately. Alter we'd got down the mountain and on the flat land of the valley, it rested our fe*et a bit, that was pretty nigh cut to pieces with the rocks. Onr horses were that done we dursn't ride 'em for hours .before. Ab we came close, out walks old Crib and smells at us. He knew us in a minute, and jumped up and began to try and lick Jim's hand : the old story, lie just gave one sort of sniff at me, as much as to Bay, ' Oh ! it's you, is it?' Then he actu ally gave a kind of half -bark. I don't believe he'd barked for years, such a queer noise it was. Anyhow, it woke up dad, and he came out pretty shaTp, with a revolver in. his hand. As soon as he saw the old 0og walking alongside of us he knew it was right, and begins to feel for hiB pipe. First thing father always did as soon as any work or fight ing or talking was over was to get out his pipe and light it. He didn't seem to be the same man without it. ?' So you've found your way back again, have ye i' ' he says. ' Why, I thought you waB all on your way to Cali forny by this time. Ain't this Christmas week 't Why, 1 was expecting to come over to Ameriky myself one of these days, when all the derry was over ? Why, what's up with the boy?' Jim was standing by, say in' nothing, while I was taking off the saddles and bridles and letting the horses go, when all of a sudden he gives a lurch forward and, if the old man hadn't laid hold of him in his strong arms and propped him up, he'd have gone down face foremost like a girl in a dead faint. ' What's up with him, Dick V' says father— rather quick, almost as it he was fond of him and had some natural feeling— sometimes I raly think he had. 'Beeu any shooting 'r' ' Yes; not at him though. Tell you all about it in the morning. He's eaten nothing, and we've been travelling best part of 24 hours, right off the reel.' ?** Hold him up while I fetch out the pannikin. There's plenty of grub inBide. He'll be all right after a sleen.' A drop of rum and water brought Jim to, and after tbat we made ourselves a cup of tea and turned in. The tun was pretty high when 1 woke. When I looked out there waB the old man sitting on the log by the fire, smoldng. What was a deal more curious, I saw the half-caste Warri gal coming up from the flat, leading a horse and carrying a pair of hobbleB. Something made me look over to a par ticular corner where Starlight always Blept when he was at the Hollow. Sure enough, there was the figure of a man rolled up in a cloak. I knew by the way his boots and' things were thrown about that it could be no other than Starlight. Chapter XXXIV. I'd settled in my mind that it couldn't be any one else, when he sat up, yawned, and looked round as if he had not been away from the old place a week. ' Ha ! Richard, here we are again ! ' Feeds the boar in the old frank The governor told me you and Jim had made back. Dreadful bore, isn't it? Just when we'd aU all rubbed off the rust of our bush life and were getting civilised. 1 feel very seriously ill-treated, 1 assure yocu I have a great mind to'apply to the Government for compensa tion. That's the worst of these new inspectors. They are 1 so infernally zealous.' ' You were too many for them, it seems. I half thought you might have been* nailed. How the deuce did you get ibe office in time 'r' ' Tho faithful 'Warn gal, as usual, gave me timely warn? in£ ; and brought a horse, of course. He will appear on the Judgment day, leading Rainbow, I firmly believe. Why he fchould be so confoundedly anxious about my welfare, I 1 can't make out— I can't really. It's his peculiar form of 1 mania, I suppose. We all suiter trom some mnrtnwm or other.' ' How the blazes did he know the police were laid on to the lot of us i' I said. 'I didn't know myself that your Kate had come the double on j ou. I might have known she would, though.' ' Well, it seems Warrigal took it into his semi-barbaric head to ride into Turon and loaf about, partly to see me, and partly about another matter that your father laid him on about. He was standing about near the Prospectors' Arms, late on Friday night, doing nothing and seeing everything, as usual, when he noticed Mrs. Mullockson run out of the houee like a Bedlamite. ' My word, that missis big one cool&h; !' was his expression, and made straight for the camp. Now Warrigal had seen you come out just before. He doesn't like you and Jim overmuch — bad taste, I tell him, on his part— but I suppose he looks upon you as belonging to the family. So he stalked up to the fair and furious Kate.' ' That was how it was, then ?' ' Yes, much in that way. I must say, Dick, that it you are eo [extremely fond of — well— studying the female character, you should carry on the pursuit more discreetly. Just see what this miscalculation has cost your friends !' ' Confound her ! She's a heartless wretch, and I hope she'll die in a ditch.' ' Exactly. Well, she knocked, and a constable opened 'he outer door. ''I want to see Sir Ferdinand,'' she says. ' ' He's in bed, and can't be disturbed,' says the bobby. ' ' Any message I can deliver ?' ' 1 1 have important information,' says she. ' Rouse him up, or you'll be sorry for it.' ' ' Won't it do to- morrow morning?' says he. ' ' No, it won't,' says she, stamping her foot. 'Do what I tell you, and don't stand there like a fool.' ' She waited a bit. Then, Warrigal says, out came Sir Ferdinand, very polite. ' What can I do for you,' says he, ' MrB. Mullockson r' ''Should you like to know where the Marstons are, Sir Ferdinand '? savs she, 1 Dick and Jim.' ' * Know? Would I not ?' says he. ' No end of war rants out for them ; since that Barrabri Bank robbery they seem to have disappeared under ground. Dick's dead, they think. Hard hit when Watson fired at him, near home. And that fellow, Starlight, too ! Most remarkable man of his day. I'd give my eyes to put the bracelets upon him.' ' She v hispered something into his ear. ''Guard, turn out,' he roars out first ; then, dropping his voice, Eays out, 1 My dear Mrs. Mullockson,' (you should hear Warrigal imitate him) 4 you have made my fortune officially, 1 mean, of course. I shall never forget your kindness. Thanks, a thousand times.' ' ' Don't thank me,' she Bays ; and she burst out crying, and goes slowly back to the hotel. 'Warrigal had heard quite enough. He rips over to Daly's mob, borrows a horse, saddle and bridle, and loads him straight down to our camp. He roused me up about 1 o'clock, and 1 could hardly make any explanation to my mates. Such stunning good fellows they were, too! 1 wonder whether I shall ever associate with gentlemen again ? The chanccs are against it. ' 1 had all kinds of trouble to tell them I was going away with Warrigal, and yet not to tell too much. ' ' What the dickens,' says Clifford, ' can you want, going away, with this familiar of yours at this hour of the night 'i Yon're like the fellow in Scott's novel (Anne of Geirstein), that I was reading over again yesterday — the mysterious stranger that's called for at midnight by the Avenger of Blood, departs with him and is never Been more.' ''In case you never see me afterwards,' I said, 'we'd better say good-bye. We've been good mates and true friends, havn't we r' ' 4 Never better,' he Baid. ' I dou't know what] we shall do without you. But, of course, you're not going very far ?' ' Qood-bye, in case, I eaid. Anyhow, I'll write you a line, and as 1 shook hands with them— two regular trumpB, if ever there were in the world — I had a kind of notion I'd never see them sgain. Hardly think I Bhall, either. Sir Ferdinand surrounded the hut about an hour later, and made them come out, one by one— both of them and the wages man. I daresay they were surprised. ' ' Where's the fourth man, Clifford?' savs Sir Ferdinand. ' Just ask him to come out, will you ?' ' 4 What, Frank Haughton ?' says he. ' 1 beard most of this from that young devil Billy the Boy. He saw Sir Ferdinand ride up, so he hid close by, jnst for the fun of hearing how he got on. He'dseeD Warrigal and me ride away. ' * Frank Devil,' bangs out Sir Ferdinand, who'd begun to get his monkey, up. 4 How should I know his infernal purser's name ? No man, it seems to me, has his right name on this confounded goldfield. I mean Starlight — Starlight the cattle stealer, the mail robber, the bushranger —whose name is notorious over the three colonies and New Zealand to boot — your intimate friend and partner for the last nine months !' ' ' You perfectly amaze me,' says Clifford. But can't you be mistaken ? Is your information to be depended upon ?' ' ' Mine came from a jealous woman,' says Sir Ferdinand. ' They may generally be depended upon for a straight tip. But we're losing time. When did he leave the claim, and which way did he go ?' ' * I have no idea which way ho went,' says Clifford. ' He did not say, but he left about an hour sinc9.' ' ' On foot or on horseback ?' '' On horseback.' ' ' Any one with him ?' ' 4 Yes, another horseman.' ' ' What was he like ?' ' ' Slight, dark man, youngish, good-looking.' '''Wafrigal the half-caste! By George! Warrants out for him also,' says Sir Ferdinand. 4 On a good horse, of course, with an hour s start. We may give up the idea of catching him this time. Follow him up as a matter of form. Good bye, Clifford. You'll hear news of your friend before long, or I'm much mistaken.' 