THE TRIALS OF A GOOD WOMAN. [nBY A POPULAR AUTIIORESS.] CHAPTER VIII.-(Cntinued). Harry Percy had walked straight up to Mrs. Butherland, who begged him to hiasten their departure; but Mrs. Meade had set out her best china tea. things, andl of tea and hot cakes they were intreated to partake; after which the carriage drove to the door, the lamps lighted, for it was alreadly nearly dark. The weather had become very cold, and the farmer predicted rain. ' Dearest Maud, you will not venture in the phacton, I trust,' sail Mrs. uthlerland, as they equipped them. s.elves in their cloaks and furs. 'No, indeed, darling,' she continued, asMaud signified her intention of so doing, 'I cannot permit it; so you must relinquish Arthurs society for this onee, and put up with May's and mine. Bunt Maud looked dissatisfied. 'I am sure it will not rain,' she said; 'and how can I be cold in all these wraps?' And she walked to the door, and gazed on a scene as different from the brightness of the morning as had been then her mood contrasted with the preecut gloom. In thile meantime her inother called Arthur aside, and begged him to reconcile her spoilt child to the arrangement she lad proposed. Mrs. Sutherland knew that Arthlur had acquired an influence over Maud which not even her indulgent parents possessed-that a word, a look from him had often recalled smiles which come slight disappointment or contra diction had for a moment banished. Slhe knew not the altered state of the case; and as Balfour witlhdrew ' to do his best,' as he said, no one guessed "the painful, torturing thought which called forth the heavy sigh which heaved from his now doubtful heart. He approached Maud as she stood by tlhe door, and said in a cheerful tone, ' So, dear Maud, I am not to have the ileasure of driving you home I It seemed that he had raised her from a reverie, for'she started when he spoke, but thlen quicldy said, ' indeed I was not aware-pray, why not ?' - 'I thought it was your mother's wish that you should return in the chariot;' and there was an expression i.n his voice as he spoke, which told as plainly as if he had added, 'Is not her wish your law?' ' She is fearfal,' he continued, 'that the rain will overtake us. I am bound to second, her desire, great as the disappointment is to me.' Maud turned away her head. 'But really it is not very cold,' re sumed Arthur. 'I know now how it can be managed to pleave us both,' he exclaimed.' I will. drive the chariot, and you can sit with me on the box; then if the rain comes on, you can easily change, and go inside. My horses, I am afraid, would never ac commodate their paces to.those of the others.' Receiving no answer of" dissent oir assent to this plan, he started off tb make the necessary arrangements. Balfour found Harry Percy superin. tending tihe saddling of his horse, and on hearing of the new plan he asked the reason, and 4-hen caielessly said, SOh! if that's- the ease, you may as well let me drive your phaeton, and the groom can ride my horse.!. ' Arthur Balfotr willingly assented, and remained to give some orders to the servants whilst the former returned to the house. When he followed him and looked into the little parlour, in order to tell the party that all was ready, Marry Percy, was standing betweeon ilaud and' her niother, talking in his must earnest manner. Maud was leaglhingly shakliing her head, whilst Idfls. Sutherland, with a half-smile and half-frown, was listening to his energetic pleading. HIarry Percy's enunciation :was most peculiarly rapid and emphatic. The next moment he had darted .foith; and when Arthur gave his arm to Mnaud, and led her to the door to assist her, as he thought, to mount the box, he heard the words,' Oh, no, thank you-l have no wish to play the footman I' He paused, and was, about to hand ier into the carriage where Mrs. SSutherland was seated, when the Svoice of IHarry Percy was heard bohind ·them. ' Where is your sister ?' he said. \- She is, I supiose, on the carriage box with Arthur; he gave up. driving :.he plinhaeton on the purpose,' was the an swer in the soft tones of IMay. S 'Oh, nonsense! l am to have that pleasure to-night, and you must con sole the forsaken. I am sure you will .do it famously, and be also an ex .ellent substitute.' "Harry, you know I will not,' May wns heard ti 8say in a less gentle necent than was her wont, as she turned away, thereby preventing the indigant flash of her usually mild eyes from being seen, otherwise it ?,i?bt have surprised her listener as much as did the change in the tones of her voice. -'* ?Iaud, is this true.?' excolaimed Arthur. ' Yes, Harry,' she replied, and those :first words were soarcely audible; but ahe then continued in a perfectly clear, calm voice, 'IEarry made some little exertion to overcome ,Iamma's fears and objections, unow ing my great desire to return home in the phaeton; he therefore deserves to be rewarded-and-I have promised to let him drive me.' What could Arthur Balfour say? He would not trust himself to speaklr. He felt. his indignation vehemently rising, not against her, but against the dissembler who had thus cajoled, cheated him of her society. But still there was nothing that could authorise his opposing the scheme; and although at that moment the young man would gladly have spurned to the ground and trampled on the being who, with a sickoning shudder, he now began indeed to regard in the light of a rival, as with his careless, self- satisfied, self-possessed smile he triumphantly led away his too willing captive, yet he had to control his in dignant feelings and smother his wrath whilst Mhrs. Sutherland bestowed some parting words on the farmer and his wife. He was roused frdm his forgotful ness of aught save himself by meeting the kind, pitying glance of his younger cousin earne:tly fixed upon him ; but pity is very grating, very galling, to a proud heart smarting under wrong, and he -hastened to smooth his brow, and with a forced smile approached her, and asked if they were nearly ready to start. .' That naughty girl,' said MIrs. Suth erland, probably perceiving, through all his endeavours to conceal it, symp toms of his discomfiture in his coun tenance, 'that naughty girl gained her point after all, as she generally does, Arthur, there will be a great deal for you to do in the way of reform." The last phrase was added with a lively smile, .but poor 'Arthur could not return it. 'Come, you had better make yourself comfortable with us inside,' she continued,' as you will have nothing to render your cold drive agreeable;' and May nestled close to her mother to show that there was plenty of room. He at first looked half inclined to accept the offer, but finally shook his head, and, forcing a smile, said 'he feared his long legs would only be in their way,' hastily mounted the box and drove off. The fact was, that'the moment after the invitation was uttered, the phaeton had driven rapidly past; and the'ring ing laugh which in the morning .had rang upon his ears like' The song of tie ysoung bird As music: ass it was bright and rild, now jarred upon them Like sweet bells jangled ontof tune and harsh, as she gaily kissed her hand to those she left behind. The sound of Maud's laugh struck upon his heart as the death-knell of her love; but he strove to rouse, ro reason himself out of t?? agonised feelings which raged within his breast-to blame, to laugh at his weakness and folly in construing what probably, after all, was the imaginary phantom of jealousy, called upon by the insinuations of his cousin the pre vious evening. He would not, could not doubt his beautiful Maud! Thus he tried to reason with himself, poor youth ! How fruitlessly did ha strive ! the barbed arrow of suspicion had pierced his heart. And HiEriy Percy, without one pang of self-reproach or compunction, sprang into the phaeton by the side of 'his lovely torment." OHAPTER IX, In this short day, apparently so de void of incident, the destiny of Maud Sutherland had been decided. She hlad for sometime felt the spell-the hitherto cherished, pleasing spell--a which had bound her to Arthur Ball. four gradually passing away, and another feeling more subtle, full of painful excitement, but irresistible, erecting for itself a foundation, as it were, upon the very ruins of the first, and insidiously winding itself round her heart. No wonder, then, that in spirit she weptover the ghost of her first pure love, as it hovered mournfully around her, as if beseeching her to recall it ere it passed away for ever, sadly whispering into hei inmost soul that with it must depart her own young happiness-like the injured Oudine when imploring, notfor her sake, but i for his own, the fidelity of the inceod stant Huldibrand. - SBut how was the warning influence of her conscience recefvoed ? Arthur would have been somew?it consoled if he had known'how forceed was the laugh which.had beein clled forth by. the congratulatory words of Harry Percy on the. Victory. she had gained-his praise of the firm spirit she had shown, in .punishing the very ungallant opposition to* her wishes that Balfour had made; and then some witty speech on Arthur's dismay and consternation, all'utterea in a light tone, whichshowedof whai t little consequence he deemiea'it.: But when this .toie chtnged :into the tender, earnest :sounna- of words: conveying deeper mbaning: wiich gradually stole upon he:seause~, she struggled not against the spelll which lulled the stinging of her.'onsienoce she thought not her heart's danger, but uuresistingly gave herself up ito the perilous enj ayront of the moment, of feeling that Hlarry Percy wase ndear her-of listening to the 'ords poured forth melodiously from his lips, of: meeting the glance of those deep blue eyes fixed upon her, with: a gaze thaint thrilled through her frame. - ' Did Arthur ever woo like this ? she in wardly mused. 'It was I who ex tiracted his timid, tardily confessed at taehment. Had I not done so, alas, too hastily I he would haveo left me, and, with his well.directed. mind, soon would he have couquered a feel ing engendered by havig been so long and oonstantly thrown into my society--a feeling which he only imnq/ined was love; but it was n0,t love I Perfect confiding love sees no fault or failing in 'the obljet of its devotion; and how often has my proud, my will ful conduct caused a s'adow to pass over his brow? He even sometimes presumes to lecture me-to remind me of my duty; and if he is thus as a lover, oh I how would he be as a hus band?' Thus did Maud continue to medi tate, endeavouring vainly to form ex cuses for her own faithless, cruel con duct. Even whilst her eyesglistened, and her heart beat with emotion, when Harry Percy, with energetic vehe mence, yet wrapped up with cautious cunning, spoke words which were impriutod as with a burning iron upon her heart, still her thoughts wandored to her position towards Arthur Bal four, and shame and confusion were mingled with her aeflections. 'Arthur, I am sure,' she thought, 'thinks me inferior to himself in good. ness Never can I give my heart to one ,hose love is not sufficiently powerful to make him overlook and forget all my faults and imperfections.' Extenuating thus her conduct, Maud endeavoured to feel that-she had some right on her side. ' Arthur is very good, very noble, i own, she told her self,' 'but I am not ambitious of per fection iun a husband;:- the contrast between us would be too perceptible.' &nd; then she pictured to herself another love-a love which in its strexigth would overleap every barrier, surmount every obstacle. No circum stance, no consideration, would oppose the force of an affection which beamed forth in every glance, in everyword of one who, from his earliest youth, had basked in the smiles of beauty, but had withstood all, scorned all, till her charms had warmed his heart into love. And, oh! she thought he would worship the very ground on which she stood-adore even her failings I And his faults I she would have the triumph of weaning him from the world; because the censourious condemned him, she would only idolire him the more. Poor Maud! these or some such thoughts, too confused to be accurately defined even by herself, passed rapidly through her young mind during the first part of her drive, and her gaiety was assumed and un natural-as different from her feelings in the early part of the day as that morning's light had been from the evening's darkness. Her companion's voice grew more and more earnest and serious; and when the prognosticated rain began to descend, and he encircled with his arm her slender form, in order to wrap the furred mantle more closely round her, and she expressed her concern that her mother's fears should be realised, and that she should be uneasy on her account, he whispered in a tone that thrilled through her heart, ' She need not fear-are you not with me ? Your mother knows how I love you all, dearest Maud! Se knows I would gladly shed my life's blood to be able through life to shield you from every blast-you, for whoin I would deem it blessed to live, to die And though cruel fortune has denied it-' But, as if by a strong effort he checked himself, and a deep sigh and long silence ensued. This burst of enthusiasm, humbug, or whatever it might-be called, for a time recalled Maud to a sense of what was right. Harry Percy felt the hand which a moment before had been pressed within his own quickly withdrawn while she drew herself up, averted her head, and was silent. But for this he cared not. He felt that the game was in his own hands; he knew the mighty struggle of her pride against his love; and the very struggle made him glory more than ever in his conquest. - ' Harry Percy, thou art indeed invincible I' he inwardly lapostrophised. - - And 5I1ud trembled at her own ab. i jeot weakness-she, who had ever made it~ her boast to triumph over the hearts-of others, now to have so little command over her own; .was it possible that-she possessed so little dignisy and command ?. Buut those who have never yet felt the necessity of curbing their 6wn will in the slightest degree-who have over inade tlhe gratification of their own feelings their chief object, donsidering little those bf others-who have used thoirpride inerely as a weapon to mor if?y, no"t as a- defence and armour to' preserve;o tlir owvn hearts in the paths of rectitude-often find pride deaf to thleir cail when its aid is really needed. * Ma'nd.at?length 'attempted to bireak Sthe silence which to heir at least wa\s embarrassing, and in a hurried, careless manner, waitifng for, no answer, pro ceeded to talk rapidly on indifferenut subjects. HTer companion perceived hler confusion, and rejoiced atitit. Mr. Sutherlanild: was stauding at the door ready, to receive them on their arrival.; and when 'ioe :pressed his daughter in his arms, as lie.lifted her from tde cio arriage, hier heair smote her; for had not she encouraged, 'ieldcd her selfup,withoout a struggle, to a foeling which, wvero her-: parent tconscious of its: existeiee; would fill hiinu with namazement, ';grief,. and unibounded indignation ? :The father, always so fond and kind, liaving led her before a blazing ivood fire in the hall, and gently Irelieved h'r of haiir uinmerodu Wet SWrappings, foi the first time percei;ed who had been her compani6n, and in quired,; with sonmeo suprise, "what hid become of Arthur. :.Man d answered Snot, but east her eyes upon the ground. * (To be Continmed.) 