HAM1LTON-ON-FORTH. (FllOM Ol'K OWN CoRRKSroNUENT.) On Saturday placards were seen on the bridge here announcing that the of public baptism would take placo iu Mr Collins's paddock on Monday, at 3 o'clock. That day being rather wot and cold, the ceremony took placc at Messrs Arnold and Mills' tannerv. Between 3 and 4 o'clock crowds were seen wending their way to the taiuiorv. At about lntlf past 3, Mr H. O. T. Friend gave out a hyiiiu, and then addressed those prcsout 011 the occasion. A Mr Reevo then offered up a prayer, and spoko for some time de nouncing those who believed iu infant baptisms This was (juite out of place on niieh all occasion. He then stripped him self of coat and vest and desnuded down a ladder into one of Uic tan pits. .Tlie pit had been cleaned out just before the ceremony. Mi's Wilkins was then handed down by Mr and Mrs Friend, and Mr Reeve dipped the lady under the water, saying at ti'e time, ' I believe in the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' Miss Wilkins then underwent the same ordeal. A hymn was btruck up, but being in a very high key, broke down. At this juncture the people, who bad lip to this time boon vory quiet and orderly, broke out into a loud laugh, when Mr Reeve, ^ from the bottom of the liit. Ciillod out. 1 ' Jesus Christ did the same as these two women have done.' (A voice — What, iu a lan pit ?) This .seemed to provoke much more the merriment of the bystandei's. Thus terminated the proceedings. Baptism in any form is looked upon by the different churelies as a fiolemu service, but, as the Plymouth brethren say, they are 110 church- J suppose it is cxcusablo to leave decency out of the question. This is the first exhibition of the kind ou tlio Forth, and it is hoped the last. 1 might mention tlmt the engine was at work all the time to warm the water in the pit, or otherwise those immersed might liavo taken cold. Tliis was very considerate 011 the part of the proprietor of tho tannery. Wc are having vory stormy and wet weather ; threo intercolonial vessels are detained windbound in our port. 1 see that the hint thrown out in my lust about scraping tlie mud ott' the ap proaches tn the bridge has had its effect, as to-day the bridge and approaches were scraped clean . Wo li«':ir 1 pmd do.il about tho ' rage for speculation I* but Fogg, who e-i h-Kc finni u-- I pcriciico, «\vu tbe rage generally corner after tbe bpcculutigo. j 