A Barren Ministry. Barrenness, anywhere, and in any shape, is a condition unnatural and hateful. A barren tree is a scandal to nature; a barren life lias no title to exist. But a barren ministry represents, 6urely, the most tragical defeat in the whole circle of human life. It is the tragedy of the universe; for it is failure precisely at that point where God meant the highest success to be won. It is weakness creeping into what should be the very spring of power. It is sterility wasting the divine3t bloom. It is the defeat of Christ in the person of His servants. Yet how many barren ministries there are! The " stickit minister " who figures in many a Scotch story is really a far less tragical failure than many a fluent •divine, who can preach elegant sermons, and delight great audiences, and erect stately buildings, and do everything—except turn men from sin to Christ. A " barren " ministry of a very remarkable sort, and suggestive of very significant lessons, is sketched in a recent number of the Fortnightly Revieto. John Henry Green, the most brilliant of English historians since Macaulay, spent the prime and strength of his life as a parish clergyman ; and he abandoned his calling, if not his faith in despair, as a failure. Tried by human tests his equipment for the ministry was of quite exceptional brilliancy. He had rare scholarship, great mental powers, pure aims, high courage, a " clear spirit," to use Milton's phrase, whose purpose was "To scorn delights and lire laborious days." He had, moreover, in a high degree, what the writer of Hcce Homo calls the " enthusiasm of humanity." He loved men as men, and fought with ignorance and vice in the spirit of a knignt of medieval romance. He entered the church, not that he might make the pulpit a stepping-stone to a bishopric, but absolutely that he might fight with the myriad evils wasting human life on every side. He was persuaded that "the Church of England was the avenue, and the one avenue, through which moral truth and moral enthusiasm could be diffused through the mass of the people," so he gave his life and all his powers of body and brain with ungrudging devotion to this service. He spent ten years in London parishes, chiefly in the East End, and nothing could exceed the energy of his work as a minister. He expended on his parish double the stipend he received from them, supporting himself partly by private means and partly by contributions to the Saturday Review, •while he thus toiled amongst the poor. He set up ali the busy machinery of a highly organized parish, and kept it going with unflagging energy. He went with his parish through a cycle of cholera, and faced death a hundred times without flinching. Yet he failed, and he knew his failure. He gave up the fight at last, and crept from the field a broken man, with the resolve that there should be " no more self-squandering upon a people •which he could not greatly touch." He came out with shattered health and ruined fortunes, and a shaken if not a wrecked faith. Henceforth literature took the place of Christ and men as his aim. "He ceased to believe," says one critic, " in the mission of the Christian minister, and in the power, and even in the truth, of Christianity itself." The history of the world demonstrates, of course, that the doubt into which this gifted but defeated man sank was illogical. Christianity is, visibly, no failure : it is the dunamis Theou, the very power of God unto salvation. It has lifted the world up, and is lifting it and will, to the latest syllable of time. Christian ministers on a hundred shores are doing every day what Green failed to do, and thought, in his despair, never could be done. In the back slums of our great cities, on lonely islands, amongst savage tribes—everywhere Christ's servants are fulfilling the ancient commission, and turning men from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God. Why did a man intellectually so gifted as Green, a man with motive so pure, and zeal so high.Jyet fail in doing what men with half his gifts do ? The answer is simple. Green never learned the secret of ministerial power. He thought it lay in industry, organisation, in the power of sympathy, the power of intellect; in anything but the power of a risen Saviour and of a personal Spirit. He was persuaded that " high thinking, put into plain English, was more likely to tell upon a dockyard labourer than all the simple Gospel sermons in the world;" so he substituted " high thinking " and " plain English " for the Gospel. His ornate services and his gifts of speech drew large audiences ; but he knew enough to know that this was not success. And he could get no hold of the grosser material—the dockyard labourers of East London. What he described as " the complicated machinery of a great ecclesiastical, charitable, and educational organisation," was kept going with the regularity—alas! with the results— of a coffee-mill. Green tried every device. He substituted personal friendship and influence for machinery. "He made friends of the people, tried to get into sympathy with them, planned amusements for them, took them excursions, got up penny-readings without the penny ; " but all failed. Men are not to be saved by meetings and machinery; by picnics and penny-readings —even when to these is added the charm of being " without the penny," Green's story re-writes in vivid cliaracters an old and moBt precious lesson that Christ's Church may never forget. " It is the failure to understand the dynamics of Christianity," says Henry Drummond, " that has most seriously and most pitifully hindered its growth, both in the individual and in the race." All the regenerating power the world knows lies within the circle of evangelical doctrines—a Divine and risen Christ; a personal Spirit; the atonement; the new birth; the life of faith. And even these great doctrines are powerless unless the preachers have that " unique " spiritual endowment which the New Testament calls " power," the power, not of the fertile brain, and the eloquent tongue, and the high- strung will; but the power which is above all these, and uses all these as its channels— the "power of the Holy Ghost." "We may join very thoroughly with Mr. Green and others," says the Catholic Presbyterian, " in pronouncing Christianity a failure when not worked, by men, endowed ivith power from on high." It was exactly this divine spark, this endowment, not natural, but supernatural, which Green lacked. And what can supply that one fatal lack P His gifts and industry made him a scholar, made him an orator, made him a leader of men, made him a king in literature; but they could not take the place of the Holy Ghost, and make him a true and successful " minister of the Lord Jesus Christ." Nor will they do this for any one. " Ye shall receive roWER," Christ is for ever saying to His messengers " AFTER THAT THE HOLY GHOST IS COME UPON YOU." And there is no escape from the tragedy of a barren ministry but by the ever-abiding "power of the Holy Ghost." —Sonera Cross. 