THE EXPANSION OF ENGLAND; There is at the present time a : great appearance - of interest in -ihe colonial question, which may be .only a transient wave, but which may, on the other hand, be'-4 inighty'swell from which lasting results may be secured. '-The connection ;a£03he great dependencies^ of ? Ekglirid :' with each other and with the mother country has been brought into prominence by the recent Conference held at Sydney. Much of what is said on the subject is mere sentiment, and will not bear any Berious strain ; but at the bottom of much froth there appears to be in the minds of all thinking people an earnest desire to knit together Great and Greater Britain by some tie which i3 not likely to be chafed by irritation or loosened by indifference. There is a natural distrust of Imperialism which , would hold to the colonies for the sake of \ the Imperial prestige of England, and which Bees in every effort at colonization by any other European Power a reason for protest and even for war, and an excuse for our annexation of all likely territories beforehand. There should also be a distrust of that indiffe rence which would let the colonies Blip away one by one, or in groups, from their connection with the mother country without regret. There is also in many minds a distrust of the philosophical Radical, who reasons on abstract prin ciples, and consolidates England and her distant dependencies into one harmonious whole, governed by a body of representa tives, who work admirably together — on paper. Any such body would pre suppose the remodelling of the British Constitution. Colonial representatives could not be admitted into the House of Commons to tax British sub jects. Nor could they form part of a hereditary House of Peers. And in the present state of British feeling it would be impossible to create a Federal Council superior in Imperial and foreign questions to the English Parliament, tho growth of centuries. Still, though this theoretical perfection of union is as yet only a distant hope, it is possible to take certain steps towards such a consummation, and to avoid certain other step3 which would make it more difficult. The two courses of lectures by Professor Seeley, Professor of Modern History in Cam bridge University, on the 'Expansion of England' have naturally excited great attention in the present attitude of the public mind as to India and the colonies. No writer f eeb more strongly the value of the colonies or more carefully discrimi nates between the old colonial system, which tended to disintegration, and the modern, which encourages consolidation^ So-called historical parallels are mislead ing when the whole root idea is different. Because thirteen separate States in North America, founded on different principles, with different laws, and different social developments, were drivenjjo federal union under a common danger, and reluctantly joinbd their rivals to fight with Great Britain, therefore federation between colonies as homogeneous as those of Ca-~ nada and Australia, entered upon in a time of peace, is supposed to be the first step towards separation. Because America,, when it had attained a population! of three millions, revolted undenstupid mis government, therefore all colonies when they can stand alone will cut the bond,' even if wisely governed. \ Because the old colonial system, where all patronage was in the handB of the British Ministry, and all commerce was restricted to the mother country, was unable to keep up the sentimental tie of kindred blood, therefore the modern colonies who enjoy political freedom equal to any in the world, and have the disposal, of their 0 ivn patronage, with one necessary exception, are only watching for a convenient oppor tunity of declaring their independence. These are judgments from superficial resemblances, while the differences are great and real. In the last century . the distance of the dependencies from tho heart of the Empire was so great that Burke wa3 sup posed to have demolished the argument for representation to justify taxation by the difficulties to be surmounted. In this century the very colonies which broke | off from England have given the example of a federal organization in which vast ter ritories, some of them thinly peopled and newly settled, are easily held in union with older communities, and the whole enjoys in the fullest degree Parliamentary freedom. Professor Seeley says that the same inventions which make political union possible tend to make States which are on the old scale of magnitude unsafe and insignificant. If the United States and Russia ' hold together for half a century they will dwarf Buch old European States as France and Germany, and will do the same - to England, if at the end of that time she still thinks of herself as simply a Euro pean. State. ' If we except India, which is held under other conditions, what we call our Empire is no Empire at all; it is a vast English nation of 36,000,000 at home, and 10,000,000 beyond the sea, so dispersed that before the age of steam and electricity its strong natural bonds of race and religion and language seemed practically dissolved by distance. Distance being abolished by science, and the United States and Russia having proved that politica^unionpyervastareasis.practicable, Greater Britain may sooner than we now suppose rise up from a dream of doctrin aires to a robust reality, one of the1 stronger class of federal unions. Not per haps bo strong as the United States, but much stronger than the great conglomera tion of Slavs, Germans, Turcomans, akd Armenians ; of Greek Christians, Catho lics, Protestanta, Mussulmans, and Bud dhists, which we call Russia. All philosophical historians need often to turn their eyes from the Parliamentary history of England to the real issues at stake. The question or the debate which makes or unmakes a Cabinet is not always of importance. Contemporary re cords of the. .Union of England and Scotland, fromwhichmodern Scotland rose into existence, or of the American war, which gave birth to the great Trans atlantic Republic, would give a very in-' ? adequate idea of the periods. Dexterous manipulation and wholesale bribery in the one case, royal obstinacy and Parliar mentary subserviency in the other, would occupy the foreground. Professor : Seeley asserts that the key to the history of Europe from the time of the discovery of America is found in the struggle for expansion of the States on the -western cbasts of Europe. Italy, which had -previously done' almost all the carrying trade of the world, favoured by her vast jzn&jff; coast on^the Mediterranean— th£n reaHythe mrddle'of the civilized world^ sank into, insignificance; and_PortugaI, Spain, Holland, .France^ and Eng land entered into keen competition. for tho trade with India, which Vasco di Gama had found was to bo reached by a long sea voyage round the southern sEores of Africa, and for tho possession of the riches of the New World. It is not' because England was especially brave or especially wise that at tho end of so many centuries she camo out the winner of the largest and the most valuable outports for colonization. Insular England, 03 the European country least hampered by Con tinental wars and complications, was more free to cuiquer and to annex colonies, and from her free institution? and her genius for self- government she was more likely to make such colonies permanent and secure than countries on the mainland under despotic government The great struggle between England and France in the eighteenth centuiy, which appeared to have other causes ! to con temporary eye3, was really one for ex pansion. Canada and Louisiana fell to the British arms in the West, and India fell as a prize to the English, and not to the French Trading Company. During the long Napoleonic war, although froro. tho first the successful Corsican ad venturer had his eye on tho East, he was baffled in Egypt and Syria, and the tremendous efforte he hai to make in Europe for ascendancy prevented Mm from carrying out Ms original programme. Meantime the sub jugation of the Continent by land threw the fleets of all European nations at the mercy of the island which he could not conquer, and England, through her maritime supremacy, annexed almost all the colonies of Franco and her reluctant allies. At tho peace of 1815, as a result of the American war and the war with France, England found she had incurred about seven hundred millions of debt, andj had lost tho most splendid colonies that any nation had ever possessed. But on the other hand her prestige, I036 by the American war, was recovered. This was felt at the time, but few people were then aware that the colonies she retained and acquired were capable o£ almost indefinite expansion, A few openings for adventurous young men ia India, a hard life in Canada for evicted peasants or rough backwoodsmen, and a conveniently distant place to-. which to send criminals in Australia, were^ all., that was anticipated at ? the time. '-'Emi- gration on any large scale Sates from this century. For a ? 'hundred1, -and fifty years the American Golonies gained nothing by immigration; and popu lation only increased by natural; excess of births over deaths. It is -only in modern time3 that this outlet for a. Iteming population haa been appreciated. It iB to the triumph of the principles of free trade that the expanse of commerce with India and the colonies is duB.- It is to the cessation of transportation that the healthful development of Australia owes bo much. The granting of constitutional government has bound'the coloriies~t6 the mother country, and Professor Seeley would see in our beginnings of federation! another step towards a strong union of some kind with the parent stock. '* ' Executive CotrKcir..— His Excellency the Governor held a Council on Wednesday, at which three Ministers were present .. J Arrival of the English Mail at Kingh George's Sound.— The R.M.S. Parramatta arrived at Albany with the English mails a 9 o'clock on Wednesday morning. The Chief Secretary.— The Treasurer has received a telegram from the Chief- Sec- retary announcing that ho will return from' Melbourne by the P. & O. steamer 'Rome, which arrives here on Saturday next. - Rumoured South Australian JjOAK.— The Treasurer informs us that there is no foundation whatever for the rumour referred to in our London telegrams this morning ' that a South Australian loan for an amount under a million will shortly be placed in the market.' We cannot, of course, say how the rumour originated. It will be remembered that the Government have already placed ia the market all the bonds they have been; authorized to issue. Opening of the Adelaide, Paykeham, and Paradise Tramway.— The ceremony of opening this new tramline was performed at the tramsheds at Payneham on Wednesday, December 19, in the presence of the Directors of the Company and a number of other gentlemen, who had been conveyed thither in four care, which left the North-terrace Terminus at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, The line, which is six miles in length, ia a Bingla one, running along the north Bide of the road,, so as not tokinterf ere with the ordinary traffic, and it has been constructed at a cost of £2,183 per mile, including eight turnouts and the expense of widening two bridges. New and commodious stables have been built at Payneham to accommodate 38 horses at a cost of £2,450. It is expected that the continua tion of tho line to Paradise will be open for traffic in the second week in January. It. will be served by a one-horse car, which will correspond with the one arriving from Ade laide. Messrs. 'Bayer & Withall were- tho engineers for the line, Mr. F. Georpe was the contractor, and Mr. Radford was clerk of the workB. On arriving afc the Payneham Stables the party descended from the cars, andS after inspecting the premises partook of some refreshment. Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.,. proposed 'Success to the Adelaide, Payneham, and Paradise Tramway,' and expressed his certainty of the good effects which would follow such an enterprise. Mr. W. Bundey (Mayor of Adelaide), in supporting the toast, mentioned that the material had been made in the colony, and had, therefore, giypn. an impulse to colonial manufacturing interests. Mr. W. Everard (Chairman of Direc tors) acknowledged the toast, and said the Directors of the Company felt there was no reason why Payneham, Paradise, and the . adjacent districts should not enjoy the eamo facilities of locomotion as the other districts of Adelaide. The healths of the engineers (Messro. Bayer & Withall) and of tho contractor (Mr. Frank George) were also drunk. Mr. E. T. Smith then pro posed 'Success to the Payneham District Council,' and Councillor Johns, in replying, said they would be glad to render the Tram way Company all the assistance ia their power. Afterwards the visitors returned to - town. Christmas Number of the ' Observer. '' —The Christmas number of the Adelaide Observer maybe described as possessing in an . nnnsnal degree those characteristics which have never failed in the past to procure for these special publications a hearty welcome ? from all classes of readers. In addition to the ordinary miscellaneous collection of travel: sketches, critical reviews, essays, fiction, and an imposing Christmas Literary Mince pie, the chief ingredients of which . are ? ingenious puzzles, mirth-provoking Christ mas, games, a large number of mystifying conundrums, 'and several humorous stories, there is a special twelve-page supplement. Considerable care has been exercised in the production of this portion of the paper, with the result, that we have a varied and inte resting collection of tales, poetry, riddles, chess, problems, humorous and other matter, specially appropriate for the ap proaching season ot enjoyment and relaxa tion; ~The ''Christmas atones are, of course, the Etrons feature of the number, some of these being irom the pens of wellknown IBngnan novelists, while others have been contributed by Australian writers ; but other departments of literature have also been 'placed under contribution. ' For Mab— The . Story of Two Christmas Gifts,' by Lindsay Duncan, is a pleasantly written ac count of the experiences of a young lady who said ' yes' to the wronpr man, and was enabled to escape from this undesirable position in the most unexpected fashion, due largely to the fact that the time was Christ mas. 'Poor Kitty Sloane' is an affecting Btory of Irish devotion— in this case crowned with the most complete success— from the pen of that veteran in thia kind of fiction, E. Owens Blackburn. In f ' The Wonderful Bottle' Miss C. H. Spence tells . an interesting story, presumably founded on an Irish legend, especially suited to the tastes of the younger members of the household, . and not without attractions for tho3e of a larger growth. Then we have 'A Stray Kitten,' by the author of 'How I Pawned my Opals,' and other stories. ' ?!' Gladys Leigh's Christmas Gift''— a ?diamond ring which was subsequently replaced in a little village Church by the [usual plain circlet This en tertaining sketch is written by Florence Hodgkinson, the authoress of 'The Ghost of Avondale,' 'Vere's Love Story,' and other tales. In 'George Linton's Escape' we have a thrilling South Australian Btory redolent of the sheepwash and the drafting-yards. Master George is a thorough colonial, and though originally only ft manager of the station, becomes in due course, through the agency of the owner's only daughter, Srst a partner and then a sen Maw. The record of his experiences, over throw of numberless wicked machinations, arid the triumph of virtue will certainly serve to ?while away an hour in a very pleasant fashion. ' Sold for £5,' by Sibella Edgcombe, is a pathetic little story of the separation and subsequent restoration to her parents .after the lapse of long years of an only daughter. Two stories in ver3e 'entitled, ' The Lost Child' and ' Tne Kan garoo Hunter's Soliloquy,' and a sonnet add to the interest and variety of the Christmas number of the Observer, which is now pro curable at this office. Home foe Cripples. — We have re cetveS from Mr. D. Garlick £5 5s. towards the foundation of a home for cripples, as suggested in a letter in Wednesday's Register. The following contributions towards the same object are from the following employed in Mr.Garlick's office :— W. G. Lang, £1 Is.; W. Anderson, £1 Is.; E. C. Saarland, £1 Is.: and A. D. Garlick, £1 Is. Sdtbeme Court. — At the Supreme Court on Wednesday the case of Hart & Simpson v. J the Commissioner of Railways, for the recovery of £S,SOO as corr.pensation for land resumed for railway purposes, was con tinued. Several witnesses were called to show the extent of the business done by the plaintiffs when in possession of the land ; and the defendant's case was being opened when the hearing was further adjourned until next day. Coubt or Appeal.— The City Council sat ? on Wednesday as a Couri of Appeal against assessments. In Gawler Ward there were 18 appellants, representing 28 appeals, 15 of which were allowed, the assessment in the other cases being confirmed ; gHindmarsh Ward, 19 appellants, 22 appeals, 9 allowed, ?19 confirmed ; Grey Ward, 17 appellants, 25 appeals, 9 allowed, 13 confirmed; Younc; Ward, 24 appellants, 38 appeals, 22 allowed, 16 confirmed ; Kobe Ward, 7 appellants, 11 . appeals, 2 allowed, 9 confirmed ; MacDonnell Ward, 11 appellants, U appeals, 4 allowed, : and 10 confirmed. ??; DlBSENSIOK ATA MrXEJG MEETING.— The half- yearly meeting of the shareholders of the : Ridge Gold-mining Company was held in the Arbitration-room, Exchange Buildings, Pirie ? street, on Wednpsday afternoon, December 19\. Mr.K.St.Barbe-Milleroccupiedthechair, and there was a large attendance of share holders. The Chairman stated that not much work had been done except the purchasing of, machinery and the sinking of the shaft. Hal read the Directors' report, which gave an account of the work done during the half yyear. Three calls of 3d. each per share had been made, and another would be sufficient to' enable them to get down to 200 feet, when the Board felt assured that good results would be obtained. The present Directors had full confidence in the mine, and they believed that if it were worked on the lines they had already laid down they would in a few months have a .result which would gratify them all. He .: moved the adoption of the balance-sheet and -report. .Captain France seconded. Some ' discussion ensued, in which Mr. R. Cooper ^adversely criticised a statement of the prospects of the mine which had been pub : lished by Mr. J. C. F. Johnson. The report ? was eventually adopted. The result of a ? ballot for the Directorate resulted in the election of Messrs. T. \V. Carey, R. Cooper, H. Bellingham, J. Cowan, and J. C. F. ?Johnson to the Board, th3 first four being ; new men. Immediately the result of the ; ballot was known Mr. Johnson resigned his : Beat, and he, with the Chairman, transferred all the shares held by him to the Company. Their example in this respect was followed by other shareholdeiB, and before 5 o'clock the transfera for over 10,000 shares had been -banded in to the Secretary. Mr. Plietner (the Mining Manager) also announced his resignation. A Brilliant Meteor — A very brilliant meteor was observed on Tuesday evening about 8.43 o'clock in the north-east sky. Appearing near the Pleiades it fell in a north- east direction through some 17°, disappearing instantly. An instant after being seen, the meteor was a globe of light of startling brilliancy, and at the instant of vanishing it was about equal to Jupiter in splendour. Glenelg Congregational Church.— The annual treat in connection with the Con gregational Sunday-school. Gleaelg, wa3 held on Wednesday at the iieedbeds. The scholars, numbering about 200, started from the Church in vans in the morning, and, in spite of unfavourable weather, enjoyed them ? selves thoroughly. Commemoration Day. — The Executive Committee catering for the public amuse ment at Holdfast , Bay on Proclamation Day have arranged an excellent programme of sports, in which the aquatic element h nicely balanced by the shore proceedings. There are to be boat and sailing race3, swimming and diving matches, a novelty in the shape of a tug of war in the water, polo, and plenty of small item3. The shore events include a bicycle slow race, an exhibition of fancy riding on the spider wheel, and tilting. The committee held a meeting in the Glenelg Council Chamber ou Wednesday evening, the Mayor (Mr. T. King, M.P.) presiding The progress report of the Aquatic Sports Com mittee was adopted. Ofters of rosettes or emblems for the committee from Mr. Whelan, a handsome album from Mr. Berg, and a cup (value £3 3s.) from Mr. Wendt were accepted. A water-bicycle race was added to the pro gramme, and Mr. W. T. Boston was appointed Starter, with Mr. T. Ayers Judge for the aquatic events. .One of the special items in the programme will be the unveiling of the Institute tower clock presented by the Mayor. The Glenelg people are not to be deprived of the satisfaction of having a royal salute this year, and altogether the promise ia that the Commemoration Day sports at the Bay this year will be a great success. To secure this end the Committee are working most energetically. Auxiliary Missionary Society.— The annual meeting of the South Australian ? Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society was held on Wednesday evening, December 19, in the Stow Lecture HalL There was a good attendance, and addresses were delivered by Revs. W. K Fletcher, and F. W. Cox, Mr. G. P. Doolette, and Miss Hiss (a deputation from the Madagascar Mission), who cave an interesting account of the mission work in that island. Chables Dickens Breaking a Man'? Heart. — Dr. Kennion, the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide, in an address to the scholars c Whinham College en Wednesday, said a kind word lor the much-abused Mr. Wackford Squeers, of ' Nicholas Nickelby. ' According ' to the Bishop Mr. Squeers died only quite recently, and died of a broken heart, because being really an excellent man, who cared very much for his boxs, he wr.s put into a '. book by Dickens by mistake. He was telling them a literal fact, which he heard from a gentleman who knew Mr. Squeers as a living reality. It appeared that Dickens had made up his mind to write down the abuses which were carried on at some of the boarding schools in England, and he visited the part of the country where Mr. Squeers kept his BchooL There were some very bad scr ools in the neighbourhood, and Dickens got hold of the wrong name and the wrong man, and what waa written so affected the poor man that he died of a broken heart, his case being an illustration of the e^se with which a bad character might be fastened on an innocent person to his serious injury. Treat to the Industrial School Chil dren.— On Tuesday Mrs. Swann and the Rev. Mr. Honner and Mr3. Honner gave the children at the Industrial School, Magill, a treat. An ample supply of cakes and a Christmas tree, laden with suitable presents, were provided for the children, who were greatly pleased at the ' kindness of their entertainers, Christmas Generosity.— A well-known citizen, who ia always ready to assist any worthy benevolent object, has forwarded us cheques for £2 2s. for each of the following institutions :— Adelaide Hospital, Children's Hospital, Destitute Asylum, Home for In curables, Convalescent Home, and Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institution. The object of the donor is that the money shall be applied for the purpose of entertaining the inmates of the institutions named during Christmas tide. He has also handed ub a cheque for £2 2s. as a contribution towards the City Mission free breakfasts. Will the various Treasurers or Secretaries kindly call upon us for the donations? Semaphore Institute. — The Institute Committee met on Tuesday night, December 18, and elected Mr. Theo. Hack, J.P., Presi dent, and Mr. E. M. Ashwin Vice- President. Votes of thanks were accorded to Mr. N. Old ham for his services as Chairman, and to Mr. Legoe, who has resigned the position of Treasurer. The BxVer Trade.— The flood waters are slowly making their way down towards Wentworth, but they will only be suffi cient to bring down boats of very light draught. The Excelsior passed Menindie on Wednesday with 1,200 bales of wcol for Goolwa, and is likely to be shortly followed by the Ariel, Lady of the Lake, and Pilot with large cargoes. Since the kst report the following steamera have cleared from Morgan or Goolwa with load ing for up river :— Euby, Cadell, Corowa, Rob Roy, Bourke, Wentworth, Sturt, Shannon, and South Australian. The Wil cannia has also cleared with a cargo for the Hurrunibidgee. Considerable eager specula tion has been indulged in as to the direction in which 14,000 tons of railway material for the Border Railway will be taken to the most convenient point on the river, and the decision as to whether the material Bball go via Port Victor or Morgan will depend to a large extent, no doubt, upon the arrangements which the Government are able to make as to the ship ment from England. '. Local Option Debate. —The following letter has been received from Mr. E.' Ward, M.P., by the Licensed Victuallers' Associa tion : — 'House of Assembly, Wednesday, December 19,: 1883.— E. Markey, Esq.— Dear Sir— After fully considering your request, that I should lead the proposed discussion with reference to local option in opposition to the propositions stated by Mr. Nicholson and Mr. O'Donnell, I have come to the conclusion that as questions^ of public convenience and public requirements are ' involved, it ' is my duty as a public man to accept the responsibilty of doing what you ask. Bt?t although I thus consent to meet Messrs. Nicholson and. O'Donnell in this discussion, I -must still adhere to my opinion that professing ministers of religion should not publicly interfere with the poli tical affairs of the colony.— I am, dear Sir, yours truly, Ebenezer Ward.' Mr. Henry Taylor has also consented to act in conjunc tion with Mr. Ward. ? HlNDMAESH - SQUARE CONGREGATIONAL Church.— On Wednesday afternoon the ladies connected with this Church offered in the schoolroom a number of- useful and orna mental articles, which they had prepared for the purpose of gathering funds for the Church. Although the attendance waa not large a tolerably good business was done. Refreshments were provided at the rear of the schoolroom. Mesdames Cox, Smedley, ? and Whitmore, and Misses Pearce, Bed dome, Whitmore, and Fitch with a number of other willing helpers conducted the sale. An Immense Barley Crop. — The Narra coorte Herald remarks : — ' To show us that there is good agricultural land near Narra coorte Mr. John Mclnnis has sent to this office a sample taken from his crop of oats, about three miles from the town. The crop is about seven feet high, and is very thick and level all over the field. The ears are long and well filled, and on the plant sent to us there are seven heads. It is estimated that the yield will be nearly eighty bushels to the acre.' A Peculiar Revelation.— The Adelaide correspondent of the Peninsula Herald writes : — ' Spiritualism i3 getting more and more into vogue here, being practised on the quiet by very many families. On Sunday night there was one family in Flinders-street much startled by a communication made by one of the so-called spirits who came to hold conver sation at the table through the medium who presided. He announced himself as the spirit of Mr. Harry Escome, a well-known solicitor and M.L.C. of Port Natal, in South Africa, and alleged he had been murdered on Tues day last. On being interrogated with the question, 'Who killed you?' he answered ' Mr. Ross.' There are many Mr. Rosses, but the spirit did not specify which had been the occasion of his untimely end. But the story does not end there, for on Monday night, December 10, the spirit again came, and, in my presence, rapped out the question, ' Will you write to my wife to let her know that you know of my death?' I myself volun teered to comply with this request if the sender of the message would condescend to give me her address. This he did, and it was 1 Victoria West, Cape Colony, South Africa.' I and a good many others to whom Mr. Harry Escome is well known will wait with much anxiety and feverish interest to see whether the Natal newspapers subsequent to the date mentioned will have anything to say anent the alleged murder.' A Remarkable Limestone Cats.— Another among the many natural wonders of New Zealand has recently been revealed. The Wairarapa Star, a paper published at Masterton, iu the Wellington Provincial District, reports : — ' A discovery of con siderable interest has been made in the heart of the dense forest, about twelve miles from Masterton, in the shape of a subter ranean passage extending about 462 feet through a solid limestone ridge. The cavern performs the functions of an immense culvert, not the least peculiar feature of which is that the water, drained from an extensive area of country, disappears below the surface of the ground at the upper entrance to the cave, and reappears above the surface again about 132 yards below the lower extremity, while the floor of the cavern, except in time of heavy rainfall, is perfectly dry. The floor throughout averages 15 feet in width, and the walla, abounding in cre vices or fissures, taper like the internal section of a hollow cone to a height of about 25 to 30 feet. The upper portion of the underground passage for about half its length is formed of the softer limestone, and tbe lower portion of harder limestone. This portion of the cave presents a truly wonderful picture. Long vaults on either side reveal a weird-like suc cefsion of beautiful alabaster grottoes, fringed and draped with every descrip tion of fantastic ornament. On every side rise massive columns covered with calcareous incrustations, and overlapping huge sheets of limestone, the result of the waters filtering through the porous rock or trickling through the fissures becoming charged with carbonate of 'lime ; and the evaporating, beautifully formed stalactites hang like crystal pendants from every crag ; and Instrous petrifactions, operating like reflectors, remind one of the fairy caves in a splendid pantomime. The roof in places resembles that inside of a refrigerating chamber, fiom which are sus pended sides and hams of carboiiizad. pork or nutton, made radiant by millions of brilliant lightB from a small kind of glowworm. The 3oor consists of blocks of limestone that seem to have fallen from the roof, and the fragments are scattered about promiscu ously. Indications show that the cavern has mginally been of much greater length, as at the lower end, for a distance of about sixty Feet, the roof has fallen in, after which the :avern again continues for about 132 feet, Electric^Lights in New York. —The ' posts' for the 'electric-lights in Union and Madison squares, New York, are said to be 250 feet high, 3 feet in diameter at the base, ind eight inches at the top; ' They are constructed in tubular sections of steel plats Bach fifty inches long, and riveted end to end. The masts or towers are prevented from swaying by six wronght-iron guys, and ire well bedded in a strong foundation. The carriages to which the lamps are attached run on guides each side of the mast, whiun 3erve also as ladders by which the lamps can be reached in the event of disarrangement. A '' most' of similar construction was blown down in Indiara recently, and did some dollars' worth of damage by breaking tele phone and telegraph lines. How Animals have Foretold Earth quakes. — An Italian writer on the dreadful catastrophe which occurred so recently on the Island of Ischin mentions those prognos tications of an earthquake which are derived Erom animals. They were observed in every place where the shocks were Buch as to be jenerally perceptible. Some minutes before they were felt the oxen and cows began to bellow, the sheep and goats bleated, and rushing in confusion one on the other tried to break the wickerwork of the folds. The iogs howled, the geese and fowls were ilarmed and made much noise ; the horses which were fastened in the stalls were greatly agitated, leaped up and down, and tried to break the halters with which they were attached to the mangers; those on the road stopped suddenly and snorted in a very strange way. The cats were much frightened and tried to con ceal themselves, or their hair bristled up wildly. Rabbits and moles were seen to leave their holes ; birds rose as if scared from the places on which they had alighted ; and fish left the bottom of the sea and approached the shores, where at some places great numbers of them were taken. Even ants and reptiles abandoned in clear daylight their subterra nean holes in great disorder, many hours before the shocks were felt. The dogs, a few hours before the first shock took place, awoke their Bleeping masters by barking and pulling them, as if they wished to warn them of the Impending danger,. and several persona were thus enabled to save themselves. History of an Eagle. — A curious circum stance iB related by the Vossiscke Zeitung. For several days there was lately seen near tha town of Furatenwalde an immense bird flying in circles at a great height, which in the evening disappeared in the direction of the Eaeuner mountains. . One morning a labourer heard the howling of a' dog, and,; on running to see what was the matter, he found the large bird seated on the dog's; back/ half lifting it into the air,' and dragging it hither and-thither.' He ran. to fetch a companion and a gun, and on' returning the two again caught sight of the 'bird: and the.dog. The latter was already dead, badly torn by the beak and claws of its enemy.. 'They suc ceeded in shooting the bird, and found it to be a true Royal eagle, which measured from wing- tip' 7j- feet: Its dark. feathers were snow-white' oh the shoulders, indicating great age ;: and a ^surpassing circumstance confirmed the fact. On the eagle's left foot, just above the claws, 'waa fastened a thin, smooth gold .ring, on which were, engraved, still clearly'. distinguishable, the letters ' HKSo.' A,' and below them the word; 'Fperjes.' On the other Bide of the ring was the date— '10-^9- 1827.' ? ; Ancient Rurks in MExicb.— Ancientruins, which a London paper says surpass any-. . thing of the kind yet discovered on the. American continent, ? have been found in Sonora, about four leagues ? south-east of Magdalena, Mexico^ There is one pyramid which has a base 'of 4,350 feet, and rieea to a height of 750 feet. It has a windingroadway from the bottom leading by an easy grade to the top, wide enough for carriages to pass over, which is many miles in length. The outer walls of the roadway are laid in solid masonry from- huge - blocks of granite in rubble, and the circles are as uniform and the grade as regular as could be made at this date by the best engineers. To the east of the pyramid a short distance is a small mountain about the same size, and rising to about the same height. On the sides of this mountain a people of an unknown age have cut hundreds upon hundreds of rooms, from 5 feet by 10 feet to 16 feet or 18 feet square. These rooms are cut out of solid stone, and so even and true are the walls, floor, and ceiling, so plumb and level, as to defy variation. There are no windows to the rooms, and but one entrance, which is always from the top. The rooms are eight feet high from floor to ceiling. On the walls are numerous hieroglyphics and representa tions of human forms, with feet and hands of human beings cut in the stone in different places.- Stone implements of every descrip tion are to be fonndin great numbers in and about the rooms. It is, of course, a matter of much speculation as to who the inhabi- : tants were, and in what age they lived. Some say they were the ancestors of the Mayos, a race of Indians who still inhabit Southern Sonora, who have blue eyes, fair skin, and light hair, and are said to be a moral, industrious, and a frugal race of people, who have a written language and know something of mathematics. Stansbury and Ardrossan Trade.— By advertisements appearing in another column it will be noticed that the Ceres is withdrawn from theArdrossan trade, and theEthel from that to-Stansbury. Both steamers will make a trip each to Port Vincent per week. Immigration and Emigration.— The num ber of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide Ly cea from other parts during the week ended Saturday, December 15, was 205, of whom 123 came from London, 74 from Mel bourne, 2 from Fremantle, 2 from Sydney, and 4 from Mauritius. The number who left Port Adelaide during, the week by similar means was 299. Of 'these 274 went to Mel bourne, 3 to Sydney, 21 to Albany, and 1 to Noumea. Wheat - harvesting Machinery. — A trial of wheat-har vesting machinery ia to take place at Gawler this morning. S.A.'Quoit Association. — The monthly meeting of this Association is to be held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Ade laide, to-night. Summertown Institute.— A meeting for final arrangement of all matters connected with the erection of a local Institute is to be held in the Summertown Bible Christian Church to-night. Prince Alfred College.— To-day will be observed as Speech Day, and the Governor is to preside at a meeting in the Town Hall this afternoon in connection with the College. Norwood Town Hall. — An amateur dramatic entertainment, in aid of St. Bar tholomew's Parsonage Renovation Fund, is to be given in the Norwood Town Hall to night. . ? St. Peter's College.— Tie half-yearly distribution of prizes at this College is to take place this afternoon. Dr. Kennion, the Bishop, will preside at the meeting. Glenelg Grammar School.— The annual distribution of prizes in connection with this establishment is to take place in the Glenelg Institute to-night Albert Hall.— The City Model School children and others are to give a Christmas entertainment in the Albert Hall to-night. Mitcham Institute.— A farcet ' Freezing a Mother-in-law,' ia to be given in thia Institute to-night. Largs Bay Anniversary.— We have been asked to call attention to the announcement that sports of various kinds will take place at Largs Bay on Boxing Day. 