THE POSTMAN'S STORY. ' As I was saying, it was Valentino's day, 1872\. My route was from Seventh to Twelfth on to Spruce street. The locality was a good deal more fashionable then than how, and somo very high-toned folks lived there. Wo won't mention no names nor give ^ no numbers, but the particular young lady I'm going to tell you about lived just above Tenth street. I had a pretty big load and was not in tho best of temper with my work, but when a beautiful young lady opened the door her self in her eagerness to get tho largo envelope whioh was addressed to 'her, and smiled her thanks at me, I felt a different man. Nor did I feel the worse after the hot oup of coffee wliioh a servant hadready for mo, as instructed by the young lady, for it was a bitter raw morning and the bullet wound in the shoulder, whioh I got at tho second battle of Bull Run, was twitching very bad. Now a postman can't help noticing his letters a bit. Every body hasn't got a letter box to drop 'em in — of course, I am referring to routes of private houses — and you are often kept waiting a half minute or so at the door. Tho things I've read on postal cards are a caution 1,'can tell you. A postman learns a good deal acciden tally about other people's affairs — but to como baok to tho young lady. ! 'I took an interest in her from that 14th day of February1, and generally glanced at her envelopes. She got a good many, but nearly all wero in ladies' handwriting ; letters from girl friends and invitations to balls and recep tions and suoh like, I guess. Tho exceptions were letterB in a bold, masculine handwriting, all written by the samo man ; therb was no doubt-about that. At first I brought them once a woek, and thon, after a little while, overy day,: and somotimes twico a day. Sho often took tliom in horsolf, and I always folt happy for tlio rost of tho day. Hor bright fmilo sort of went through : mo. Onco or wico I received a letter from hor to post to him, I was suro, not that sho told mo so, but I could toll it was, by tho way sho blushed when bIio handed thom to mo. I looked at tho address and namo; It was a broker, on Third street. On tho Juno following tho Valentino's Day tho family went away, and did not roturn from out of town until October, but I did not seo tlio young lady, nor did I have any lottors for her. 'Hasn't she re turned yet?' I asked tho colored waiter. , ' i 'Oh, no, 8ho,won!t bo hero till Christmas. Sho | is now on tlio 'continong' with her hus band. Thoy wero- married at Nowport in August.' 'Oh,' says I. And I thought no moro of tho mattor ; events had takon thoir natural courso by ending in marriage, as all properly regulated love-lottors ought to do. ' Sho camo baok with her husband at Christmas, and began housekeeping, in tho samo square as hor family, so I dolivered hor letters. Sho saw mo on Now Year's Day, and did not forget me, either. What sho gavo mo was sufficient to buy my wife a warm cloak for tho winter, with enough left over for a pair of shoes for the baby. Tho newly- married couple had a heap of letters of all sorts kinds and descriptions. Invitations in any number for both of thom, and plenty of fomalo cor respondence for her. He seemed to got let ters from all parts of the world ; botwoon thom ' they had moro than tho rest of tho squaro put together. Tlioro seemed to bo Bomo ehangc by April. Tho envelopes of tho lottors ? had the names of store-keepers on thom, and doubtless contained bills. . Tho following month similar letters camo vory tliiokly in- ?' deed, and so did letters with tho names of lawyers on tho upper right hand corner of tho envelopes. Ho seemed to bo always at homo for ho oiten came to the door liimBolf and took the letters from mo, as if anxious for the ser vants not to seo tliem. A good- looking man he was, with a proud manner and a dissipated face. ' 1 Wo aro going away to-morrow,' said tho ? colored servant ono morning, as I handed him tho ordinary batoh. ' ' Out of town ? ' I asked. , ' ' Out of dis town, I guess,' ho replied, with a grin. ' Tho sheriff's officers are in tho house.' 'When I was delivering the letters tho next day, a hack drove up to tho door, and I lingered a moment out of curiosity. Tho lady came down loaning on her husband's arm, looking so miserable and altered I , hardly recognised her. Sho must havo noticed the expression on my face for sho nodded to me and smiled; but such a ghost of a smilo 1 .A fow days afterward the things in tho house wero sold by auction, and new people came to live there ; and soon, amid tho many thoughts of life, I forgot all about the young lady. ' It was in tho summer of 1877, when I got put on a route in Gormantown. I was not very well, and thought the country walking would do me good, so I changed routes; with tho permission of tho postmaster, with a com rade who worked, as I said, in Germantown. Sorting out my letters, as I served ono of tho pretty, leafy avenues, I came across ono ad dressed to the old familiar name, Mrs. . ? , , and in the husband's ? handwriting. , . Tho postmark was Colorado ; so he was away ; that was evident. She was sitting on tlio poroh of a pretty little cottage, with a child in her arms. It was easy to see she was no longer rich. The dresses of herself and child, and the smallness and dirtiness of the Irish servant maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, denoted the fact at a glance; but sho ; - did not look unhappy, and sho knew mo at once. ' Why, postman, she exolaimed, ' is it pos- sible it can be you ? ' ' ''Yes, ma'am,' I says, 'it is; thanking ? you kindly for remembering me, and here is one of his letters for you.,' ' She took it from mo with the old eager ness, and as she turned to go into tho houso I noticed hor pressing it to hor lips. Ho didn't- - . write very often to her — overy two or three weeks, not more, while sometimes much . longer intervals elapsed. It used to make mo quite miserable when I noticed her pleading ? ? face as I passed morning aftor morning with- . ? out anything for her. ' ' You are quite sure you havo not got one, ?: - postman' ', she would ask. ' Quito sure, ma'am. Tho Western mail is lato to-day — not delivored till to-morrow,' was my faltering excuse. 'Christmas Day arrived, and I had not delivered a letter from tho husband sinoo the middle of October. Sho no longer camo to the door now. The littio servant girl told mo - her mistress was nearly always ill. At last ' . I .brought a letter from Colorado — on the ? / last day of the year ; and then I delivered ono ? regularly onco or twice a week, until Febru ary. The lady began to come to the, door ' ' again, looking something liko her formor bright self. ' The 1-lth of February — Valentino's Day — came round, and I had a Colorado letter for tho lady; but it was not in' the husband's handwriting. Sho oame to tho door. ''Here is a valentine, ma'am,' says I, cheerily. ' I hopo it will make you as happy as tho one I delivered to you in Spruce street about fivo years ago.'' ' ' Thank you, ' postman,' ' sho replied, 'and I have got a hot cup of coffco for you.' ' ' She took tho letter, eyed it ouriously, and opened it with trembling fingers. I was : watching her while sipping my coffee — a glance at the contents, and she fell back life less. - The littio Irish girl camo up immedia tely, and between us wo carried the lady into . the parlour, and laid her on tho sofa. Then I took up my mail bag, for of courso I could not wait, and continued my delivery. , A few houses away; lived a doctor, and I told his ?servant thore was a sick lady who required; medical aid. I hafno letters for tho cottage the next morning, but the little servant rushed out to tell me tho lady was dying, and the letter from Colorado was from a polico justice, saying the husband had run away with a woman to Australia, talcing with him a large sum of money he had stolen from his employers. The letter also said it was sup posed, where he was working, that the woman i ' who was his companion, was married to him, until a searoh among tho defaulter's papers disclosed the oxistenoo of a wife in Philadelphia. Beforo the week had closed; - thefo was a bow of orape on the cottago door, : and the doctor's certificate said, 'Died of a broken heart.' Have you got a match about : you, sir ; my pipe has gone out,' and tho ~ postman trudged off homeward with his mate, ? ? - /; the letter-sorter. ? 