Wit aEtcl Wmw&o-m;£ Two friends, a Yankee and an Irishman, had a double-bedded room at an inn. Being awakened by a noise in the night, the Yankee called to his companion to light the candle: 'Where is it ? 'asked Pat. ' At your right hand on the table.' MAre you orazy ?' cried Pat. 'How oan I see which is my right hand in the dark?' ..'.-, Among anecdotes of first nights of new pieces, the following deserves a place : — It was the first night— and morning— of ' Monte Cristo,' a drama which, for its length, might have been of Chinese origin. At a quarter before one in the morning the curtain rose upon the ' last act. Charles Fechter, in the character of the hero, is discovered seated in a contem plative attitude. Like the ghost in ' Alonzo the Brave,' ' he^moved not, he spoke not,' but there came , from the gallery, in a clear, somewhat sad but gentle voice, these words : 'I hope we are not keeping' you up, air; ' The effect may be imagined. ' ' , .' The whiBperi of a beautiful woman,' says Balzac, ' can be heard farther*than the loudest call of duty.' _ But the man who is creeping upstairs with his boots off at two o'olock a.m., says a Transatlantic paper, and ; liearB the whisper of his wife as, she leans over the baluBters in the darkness, does not think of her beauty. ' His bhief. thought is how much he would like to exchange his boota for a pair of wings. A New Definition.— As they passed a gentleman, one of whose optics ; was terribly on the bias, little Dot murmured) 'Ma, he's got one eye that don't go.' , ? A Virginian accidentally Btumbled and fell. A lady thinking to commisserate with the mishap, observed that; she re gretted his unlucky /auw pas. 'I didn't hurt my forepart,' he replied ; ' it waa my knee.' ? -. _.' : Gone;— It happened when the City was a new oil' town that at a political meeting one of the prominent members went out of the side door for a few moments, just aa an orator, referring. to the death of a noted citizen, said : 'Thus another great' man is gone. Where, O where, shall we find one to fill hia place 1'. Sup posing the apeaker.had reference to the oitizen who had just stepped out,' a man on the back seat aaid : 'O don't worry! he's just gone for a drink.'' The Man with Two Bundles.— When a woman geta on a train with , eleven bundles and a hatbox or two, it ia in spiring to see her examine each one and carefully atow it'away on the seat beside her with no trouble or excitement. The more bundles Bhe has the happier Bho seema to be. But if a man happens to have more than two bundles he geta excited at onee. He goea through all his pockets for' a piece of extra string. Then he gets out his knife and jlace3 it between his teeth and , commences to tie his bundles all up, in one package'; First one bundle falls: to the floor, and aa he picks that up another hursts open, and as he is gathering up the pieces the conductor comes along for his ticket. , In the excitement he for-; geta where, he put it, and hunts over his entire person to find it, when the ' conduc tor picks it up off. the aeat where he had laid it down. By this time he ie. ready to tackle the bundles again. rHe puts' one on top of the other, plants his knee on them, place* the package on ; the floor beside him, and never takes his eye off it until the brakeman opens the door and yells the name of hia station. , The Ague. — ' Speaking of chills,' said the gentleman from Arkansas, borrowing a match from the train boy, ' I had one at home once, that was away up in. G. Stopped a train, that chill did.', They crowded around to hear the particulars. 'You see, they turned me out of the town, and rim me off the turnpike, so I took to the railroad, and I ahook it up so the through express had to wait until I got pyer it.' 'Right smart of a: chill, that,' assented a gentleman from. Loui siana. ' Had 'em myself ; but I only .de layed a train a little while.' The gentle man from .Arkansas eyed him. but de clined to ask any questions. ' Tell us ! ' shouted the ohorus. 'Well,', said the gentleman from Louisiana, with a glance at the gentleman from Arkansas, ' they ran up to where I was shaking and found they1 couldn't get past.' ' What did they do?' ' All hands turned out and tun nelled right through it,' ., replied the Louisiana man, 'and in the spring the icicles hung down. from the roof of that chill so thick and so strong that they had to blast them out before they could tran sact any bus ? !' But the Arkansas man was climbing over the tender to wards the cab, and even the chorus lost interest in the rest of the details: Henry Labouchere is believed to have inherited £100,000 altogether from his father, who died senior partner in the well-known banking house of Williams, Deacon, Lttbouohere and Co., but his speculations and investments have at last trebled his inheritance. He has a share in the Daily News, and owna Truth. Anxiety is felt lest Madame Nilsson, the melodious cantatrice, should lose her , voice, and she goes to New Orleans to recuperate. On her, way east. from 'Frisco she contracted a severe cold, which has interfered with her programme, and caused her to determine to try the . Vstisny south.' 