WHAT MODERN SCIENCE HAS NOT DONE. (A NORFOLK ISLAND GHOST STORY.) BY PEUTETRE The victories achieved by what is called Modern Science are so many and so wonder- ful that you must have heard of them. Oh, esteemed reader, how far soever away your tent may be pitched in the sunny solitudes of the Bush, and happy as you are among your beloved mosquitoes, and where your bell-frogs whose musical croak from a neighbouring waterhole cheers your peaceful shanty on wet days, these victories of modern Science have been so loudly and so widely sung in the newspaper lands and in the orchestral matins of so many Athenæums and Town Halls, that you cannot have missed catching some faint notes of the grand chorus, chanted in honour of science by every nation that is a nation, and has put on the garments of modern civilisation, and adopted the science worship of the 19th century. Even the cannibals, the Anthropophagi of my Lord Othello, who inhabit the back slums of creation out at the back of the North Pole, are now said to be busy learning the rudiments of the new science evangel, and have already left off that ancestral smacking of the lips with which their forefathers were accustomed to sit down to dinner on the broiled hind-quarter of a deceased grandmother as if it was the choicest delicacy of the season. The triumphs of modern Science are hymned by Frank and Teuton, by Lapp and Solav, by Coassack, Kelt, and Saxon — and why not? For has it not exterminated many erroneous prejudices, and rectified many false opinions, and exploded many foolish customs, and swept away many hurtful habits, and enlightened many dark minds, and promoted many social reforms, and abolished many so-called religious superstitions? Some it has cured their belief in the veracity of "the bible;" others it has rescued from the mental slavery involved in admitting the truth of a divine revelation. Some modern Science has convinced that all scripture history is a fable and that Christianity is only one amid many vulgar myths, and the Spirit-world a lotus-eater's dream. It is quite true, there- fore, that the achievements of modern Science have been great and numerous. But there is one thing it has left undone, and which, perhaps, it cannot do, and may even be boldly defied to do, and that one thing is to delete, to obliterate, to erase, and to blot out, the universal belief in GHOSTS! The giants held their ground for a long time against the whole force of modern Science; but little Cornish Jack, with his sword of sharpness, well-nigh exterminated the giants, or driven them off to the Rocky Mountains, thousands of miles further off than Milwaukie. Railroads made short work with the Fairies, so much so that you may watch whole nights in vain if you expect to see them gliding over the dewy grass in KELVIN'S GROVE, as they used to glide ere George Stephenson came rushing in upon them with his iron- horse. You may search Stenmoor, and Dartmoor, and Sedgemoor, and every other moor, from Willenhall to the banks of the Wye, for a PIXIE. Ah! Alas, the pixies too have disappeared from the New Forest, from "fountain, shaw, and green," following their cousins the fairies; but the Ghost stands his ground and won't go. You can't persuade him to go, nor frighten him away, nor coax him to de- part. And if you talk to him of the railway engine and the danger of going near it, and how it has quashed the pixies and the fairies, he will plant himself on the line right be- tween the rails and in front of the Great Northern express mail train from King's Cross to Peterborough, forty miles an hour. You might think any ghost would be mad to do such a desperate thing, besides breaking the law, and you would expect him to be smashed into very small bits. Phew! the express train will only run through him as it were through a fog, and there he stands when it has flown on just as before it came up. No, no; your modern Science grapples in vain with a ghost which can stand the shriek of an express train, and I have other reasons for what I say. In the circle of my acquaintance are two young ladies who drink their tea every evening within 100 miles of a certain fashionable suburban railway station. I would give the young ladies' ages, if ladies' ages could thrown any light upon the questions. But I will give you collateral information on the point by telling you they have a brother aged 4 and another brother aged 11, and these two young ladies' birthdays fall between the birthdays of the two brothers. Now, I defy modern Science and all its works to prove to the satisfaction of these two young suburban ladies that there are no ghosts. In short, modern Science may as well leave the Nursery alone. It will have its ghosts in spite of all the scoffing and derision and the doubts that can be thrown upon their existence; and if once the GHOST CREED gets into the young lady head, all the modern Science that ever made atheists won't get it out again. I know that from what these two young ladies told me: "We saw Hamlet played, and there came in a ghost, and it were no ghosts, how could the ghost of Hamlet's father come there? and we suppose everybody's father that's dead has a ghost, only it doesn't come. I was drinking tea with these two very logical young ladies one evening in the last week of last winter twelvemonth, or perhaps the winter before, or the winter after, and somehow the con- versation after tea turned upon the mysterie of the ghost-land, and how some ghosts get out of it now and then, and some do not. As the discussion proceeded, it came on to rain outside, at first softly falling, but speedily increasing to a heavy downpour, which went on with its incessant drip, drip, uncomfort- able to listen to. "I wonder if the ghosts ever walk abroad on a wet night," said one of the company. "If they do," replied another, "I wonder if the rain wets them." "I never heard of a ghost being out of doors on a wet night," observed a lady who was snugly seated on an ottoman in front of the fire. "By the way," said a gentleman who occupied a corner of the heathrug next the piano, "by the way that reminds me that I never heard a ghost story the scenes of which were laid on a wet night; so that after all, perhaps, weather has something to do with their apparition." "Why, there is no such thing as ghosts," said a lady who was old enough to be godmother to one half of the company. "What are all of you talking about, frightening the children with your nonsense? There's no such thing as ghosts." "Oh, but there is ghosts, dear Mrs. Grumphy," exclaimed my two young lady friends afore- mentioned. "There is, indeed, for Mr. Peutetre himself saw a ghost, and it had its throat cut from ear to ear and the blood all running down; and there is ghosts, indeed there is." My honour and reputation being thus implicated, but at the same time unwilling to be made a public orator before an unbelieving audience, I said, "I suppose you all have heard of the HAUNTED HOUSE AT CHELTENHAM?" No; nobody in the room had heard, and I was in for a recital with "dear Mrs. Grumphy" as an incredulous listener. "Well," I continued, "this large old house at Chel- tenham had been for some years without a tenant. At last it was taken, and a family went to live in it. But they were so annoyed by nightly noises, like some one knocking with their knuckles for an hour together upon the floor or on the window shutters, that no one could sleep; and the knocking went from room to room, disturbing the whole of the inmates, so that the family left the house to avoid the midnight torment. Another family rented the house, and after three months' endurance of the nocturnal nuisance they also fled from the invisible knocker. Several others in succession took and aban- doned the tenement through fear of or through nervous ailments caused by the harassing noise, which prevented them from sleeping. At last an old soldier, who had been many years in the East India Com- pany's Service in India, came home with his discharge and pension. This old soldier, having heard of the noises made in the Haunted House, volunteered to sleep in it, and have some conversation with the trouble- some and restless spirit who applied his knuckles to the such larrikin purposes. The old soldier's offer was gladly accepted, and he took up his quarters in the best sleeping apartment. He went to bed at the usual hour, but without taking off his clothes. Nothing particular occurred on the first night, but on the next the rapping was resumed with great vivacity on the wainscoting near the room door. The old soldier instantly sprang out of bed, and, drawing his sword, with which he had armed himself, he cried, out, 'Sharp steel, sharp steel, fly, or the sharpness I'll make you feel!' Thus saying, he rushed with his pointed sword at the spot where the knocking seemed to be making and stabbed at the place as if stabbing several times at a visible fog. The noise instantly shifted to the door, and was there renewed. Again the old soldier cried out as before, and rushed at the door with his sword pointed, and stabbed as he had stabbed at the wainscot. The noise then retired to the next room and again commenced knock, knock, knock, faster than before. Seizing his lamp, the old soldier opened the door and entered the second room. He paused for a moment to ascertain the exact place, and then, repeating the same cry of 'Sharp steel,' he rushed with sword pointed at the spot and stabbed it a dozen times in succession. At once the noise retreated and began again in another apartment, to which the old soldier pursued it, renewing his cry and as if stabbing at the unseen knocker's hand. Each time the noise withdrew and was followed, and at length ceased, and never molested the house afterwards. The soldier explained that, when he was stationed in the north of India, he learned that certain of the moun- tain tribes believe in the existence of evil spirits, who loved to work in the mountain passes, and kill or enter the body of those who travelled through those gorges or ravines. When, therefore, any tribe or party found it necessary to pass through these ghost-haunted glens, they always sent one of their number forward to the entrance of the dreaded defile, who carried a naked sword in his hand, or a spear, and cried, with a loud voice, to the evil spirits to beware and keep back, or they would get sharp steel thrust in their faces. It appears that the evil spirits have a whole- some antipathy to Sharp Steel being pointed at them, and retire to a safe distance and allow the tribe to march through the pass in peace. The old soldier tried what virtue there was in the Himalaya conjuration, and it proved a complete success. The noise was never again heard in the Cheltenham House." Mrs. Grumphy wanted to know what authority there was for this story, but one of my young lady friends aforesaid broke in between her question and my answer, saying: "But, Mr. Peutetre, that wasn't the ghost you saw with its throat cut and the blood all running down over its breast. Do tell us that story all over again? Mrs. Grumphy wasn't here when you told it before. I mean the SHEPHERD'S GHOST. which walked over the edge of the gully one night." Mrs. Grumpthy having never before been in company with any one who had personally seen, or said they had seen, with their own eyes, a real, live ghost, natural feminine curiosity got the better of her un- belief, and she remarked that of course it wasn't in the colony I had this interview with my ghost. "No," I said, "it was not in this colony, but in what was once an ap- pendage of a colony, and a convict station. My ghost had selected one of the most beauti- ful islands in the South Pacific Ocean for his rencontre with me; an island once as lovely as it was lonely in the wilderness of waves which surrounded it and severed it from too intimate connection with the world at large. This island was Norfolk Island, 1200 miles away from Tasmania, though officially attached to that colony and government. It is 900 miles from Sydney, and 600 from New Zealand, and, at the time of my ghost's very unexpected and even abrupt intro- duction of himself to my personal acquaint- ance the island was inhabited by 2000 'banished men,' guarded by 300 soldiers, and guided by 200 civil officers of all ranks. This population was distributed and located at three separate stations or encampments:— 1st, at The Settlement, or chief station, the proper name of which was Kingstown, as it belonged to King George III when founded. At this station were cantoned 1000 convicts and their officers, under the protection of the garrison. Seen from the sea, the Settlement presented a striking and picturesque resem- blance to an English village, seated on an amphitheatre nearly a mile long, overlooked by a background of low hills. The second station lay nearly two miles back towards the north from the Settlement, on the tableland of the island, commanding a fine view of the sea, and was called Longridge. In barracks here were lodged 700 prisoners of the Crown and, in detached buildings, their officers. The third station was Cascade, which lay three miles north-west from the Settlement and four miles from Longridge, the two stations being at the extreme ends of the island, and connected by a well-made road. The coast line of the island was precipitous, rising seven or eight hundred feet in perpendi- cular height, with only four practicable landing places, and these affording only a few feet of frontage to the sea. At two of these a boat would have to be beached on a small patch of sand before one could step ashore. The four landing places were The Bar at the Settlement; The Rock at Cascade; Ball's Bay, about half way between these two; and Anson's Bay, two miles east from Longridge. There was a fifth, Duncan's Bay, on the south-eastern side, beyond Mount Pitt, but the surf was too heavy there to be attempted. The landing, too, depended on the wind. When it blew from the south no landing was possible at the Bar or Settlement. Over- hanging this spot was the Flagstaff Hill, 500 feet above the tiny cove and steep as a wall. The island presented an arable area of about 12,000 acres, of which 4000 were under cultivation, the remainder was partly com- posed of orange and lemon, pine, mallow, loquat, and other intertropical trees. The coast and gullies were a continuous chain of diversified landscape beauty, but the remote- ness of the island from all parts of the in- habited world caused a sense of solitude to rest upon all whom fate has imprisoned in its flowery recesses. Our mail day was once in three or four months, and the system of amusements or recreation became an impor- tant item in life's tedious round at Norfolk Island. Picnics were the readiest relief to the dull round of 'duties.' The garrison balls were, of course, the most effective and enjoyable resources against the prevailing epidemic of ennui. Thn the officers at Cascade would invite the officers at Longridge. Then the Settlement ladies would have the united strength of all the stations to a dejeuner in Orange Vale. Then there were undress dinner parties and a dance, and a unsophis- ticated supper of cold — everything cold — ham, cold fowl, cold peach pie and custard, all washed down with a 'hot sneezer.' This ghost of mine was the wind-up of a very pleasant cold dinner in Fern Tree Gully, a diminutive paradise in which the broad fronds of the tree-fern intermingled with the tufted grass and cabbage trees, the golden- fingered banana, and the mallow, interlaid with passion-flowers and convolvulus in rich festoons. There were nine ladies and seven gentlemen at the party. The little festivity took place at Cascade, and seven of the nine ladies came from Longridge and the Settlement. These seven were conveyed in the State coach of the island, which was, in fact, a very long and very broad waggon from the Government Farmyard, filled with the whitest of wheat straw, which soiled no frock and stained no dress, and was so cosy in the cool nights going home after a long day's fun in the open air, though there was fun, too, in the waggon when conveying seven ladies to their respective homes in that distant and very leafy isle. It was a bright, soft, balmy day in the depth of the Norfolk Island winter, on which Captain' —'s wife gave the picnic at the tail of which my ghost came in. Everything had gone off de- lightfully. The sun set cloudy grandeur. Night fell at once over Cascade station, and the stars came out in all their astral glory — so many, and so glorious, the Island could not regret the absent moon. The last song was sung, the last kiss exchanged among the ladies going and the ladies staying. The waggon and its driver and two homes was at the door. Seven ladies ascended the step ladder and plunged into the white straw. Two gentlemen then took their coats, and then, last of all, I, as aide-de-camp in general to the whole waggon, claimed my share of the straw, and had my claim laugh- allowed. Four ladies and two gentlemen were to be dropped at the Settlement, and three ladies were to be taken on up the hill road to Longridge. After all the voyagers had arranged themselves, and after thirty or forty supplementary 'good-nights' between the ladies, at a few minutes after 11 o'clock at night, the waggon moved on; the driver sit- ting in his own seat, reins and whip in hand. He was a phlegmatic, silent fellow, careful of his horses and his waggon, and he kept his team at a good walking pace for a mile and a half up to the Cross Roads. This cross of the roads was about the very centre of the tableland of the island, and was formed by the road from the Sucker Ground to Piper's Farm intersecting the Settlement Road. At this cross-road the sheep run commenced. It lay on the right- hand side of the waggon, and was laid down with English grass. It was all cleared ground, and was bounded on the east side by the Shepherd's Gully, towards which we were advancing. Just before we came up to the Cross Roads three of the ladies had changed their seats from the floor of the waggon to the front rail, with their backs to the horses. I was still sitting at the tail-end of the waggon in the straw, discussing the events of the day with two of the ladies, and we were very merry, when the lady in front, who sat on the side next to the sheep run, gave a little scream. It was a scream, certainly, but rather of a lady slightly hurt than frightened. Her two companions on the rail then turned their heads and looked intently into the sheep-run darkness, and an instant after the whole three screamed in concert, and I heard one of them say to the others, 'It is certainly one of the men!' Now, at Norfolk Island, the convicts were never called con- victs, but 'the men,' and when I heard the lady say it was one of 'the men,' I knew at once she meant a prisoner. But at that hour of the night no prisoner had any right to be at the Cross Roads, and if one was there he must be an absconder, and per- haps had a gang with him. And this was the very thought of the lady who first screamed; and if you, O esteemed lady reader, had lived three years on Norfolk Island with 2000 desperadoes lodged all round you, the sight of a convict so near you, when it was on the stroke of 12 o'clock at night, might have made you scream. As soon as I understood the cause of the screaming I sprang up in the waggon, and peering down across the lady's shoulder, I saw, what seemed to me, a convict in his black leather skull cap and grey jacket and trousers. I called out to him, asking who he was and what he was doing there so late. I received no reply. He was standing with his back to the waggon, and neither moved nor spoke, though every prisoner was bound to stand and answer when challenged by officers. Angry at the man's impudence, I laid hold of the back rail of the waggon and vaulted over on to the road, and then stepped on to the grass and again challenged him. But he took no heed, and remained in the same attitude. I made a few steps towards him with the intention of laying hold of him by the collar, but as I advanced he walked away from me, but did not seem to hear me. Being now roused by his insolence I quickened my pace, and so did he also. The space between us was about seven yards, and this relative position we maintained. I called to him three or four times to halt and say who he was, but he appeared to be both deaf and defiant. I had followed him about 60 yards from the waggon when I became sensible of two things: first, that the man was going towards the gully which bounded the sheep run on the west — this gully was 150 or 200 feet deep opposite to him and me — and I saw to myself, 'Now he will have to turn back, and I'll stop him;' and, secondly, it struck me that he walked very queer. I moved on, and so did he, and was soon on the edge of the gully, which was so steep no one could walk down. He paused an instant as if looking where he should fix his foot to climb down. Then he made the step, and as he did so he slowly turned his head sideways to me, and then a little more as he made the second step downwards. He was not more than six yards from me, and as Ihe paused again at the second step, I saw to my amazement that his throat was cut from ear to ear, and his bare breast all covered with blood. I was paralysed with horror. My flesh seemed to creep. A cold perspiration oozed from every pore. The tall trees, whose out- line I could see between me and the sky, on the further side of the gully, seemed giant spectres and imps of darkness to surround me. I was struck that I hadn't even courage to turn round and rush from the night and spot. I was afraid to turn my back upon the spectre lest he should clutch me, and I slowly retired backwards until I had got 15 or 20 yards from the ghost, which gradually sunk from my view in the gully. When 60 or 70 yards from the place where he disappeared, I wheeled round, and, directed by the coughing of the horses, I got back to the waggon, in which I very promptly climbed, nervous and out of breath. The ladies had been getting anxious about my long absence, and when they asked me if I had seen the man, I then told them what I had behold; my tremors infected them, so that when I had described the scene, all of us sat there on that waggon in awe-stricken silence for some moments. This silence was at last broken by the driver of the waggon, who, addressing himself to me, said, 'Mr. Peutetre, I heard old Blank say there was a shepherd's hut at this cross road ten or eleven years ago, and two shepherds occupied the hut. They had a quarrel one morning, and one of them nearly threw the other down the gully. This night the man who was nearly thrown down the gully took his revenge, for he sharpened the hut knife, and watched until his mate was asleep on bis stretcher where he lay down in his clothes, and then he stole in and cut his throat from ear to ear; and they say that every year, on the night he was murdered, he comes here from the Settlement Burial Ground and walks." March 27, 1883. 