The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for inser- tion in tim ncua columns ah ou Id hu add-wwed to THE EDITOR. Rejected letters cannot ho returned jndci ron tlr cunifatonoca w htitcvcr Corru>)K>nd(-uU. ai c nth Uod to keep t-oplos of their luttra, as this rule will bu adhered to strictly. No notice ein be taken of ntionj mous communications E\ory letter muhfc bo accompanied bj the miine und address of the wncor, not noeisHiirll} ior publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid incouvenienctaud deliy to persons Intel csted, wo have to requesttliat id) buuncss communications including ad>crtlHcmout8, onie m for tlie paper, an<_i remittances, bo addressed to W iLSOh and Mai kii.nün, nnd not to Tuf lauron I'uj monts by pout ollleu order, bank draft, or \ietorlun postage stumps will oblige. MONDAY, JULY 2, 1883 The reception accorded by the Earl of Derby to the agents general of the Australasian colonies who waited on him last Thursday in pursuance of instructions cannot be regarded as satis- factory. In requesting the Imperial Government either to annex or estab- lish a protectorate over the islands in the Western Pacific extending from Samoa to New Ireland, Mr. MURRAY SMITH pointed out the inconvenience and disgrace which would be inflicted on these colonies by the establishment of a number of foreign penal settle- ments within easy reach of their shores. He declared that in the hands of foreign powers the islands mentioned would become the Alsatia of the Austra- lian colonies. He read a telegram from Mr. SERVICE, a copy of which appeared in our issue of Saturday, stating that profound dissatisfaction would be felt out here if the request were not granted. Sir F. DILLON BELL, representing New Zealand, dwelt upon the risk of foreign powers taking possession of the îslands în question, while Sir SAUL SAMUEL urged the increasing trade between the colonies and the Western Pacific as a reason why the latter should be brought in some shape or form under the pro tection of the British flag. It was an nounced that the members of the depu tation, considering it hopeless to demand the annexation of the territory which their respective Governments desire to see added to the empire, deemed it prudent to press only for the creation of a protectorate. Lord DERBY, we are told, was at first unsympathetic towards the deputation, but that he altered his tone somewhat when he realised that the colonies were in earnest. While sensible of the gravity of the question, his lordship declined to commit himself to any defi- nite opinion. Before asking the Imperial Cabinet to arrive at a decision, he wishes the agents-general to furnish him with a joint statement of the arguments they advance in support of their views. Our telegram states that what took place at the interview gave rise to an impression that HER MAJESTY'S advisers have determined what they will do in the case of New Guinea. The conclusion may be cor rect, but it is strange that when that subject was in hand the larger question did not receive consideration. The wishes of the Australian colonies with respect to the other islands were known in London a fortnight ago, and there had been plenty ot time before the interview for the Secretary of State to take the opinion of his colleagues on the subject. His lordship appears to have brought to the discussion of the subject nothing but his own prejudices and party views. With the exception of ono short remark about the improba- bility of annexation by foreign powers, we do not read that he had anything to urge in opposition to the arguments advanced. His request for written in- formation seems to imply that the whole matter was new to him, and that he would have to familiarise himself with the ideas expressed by the deputa- tion before he could venture to hazard the simplest observation. We pointed out some time ago that the Imperial Government would in all probability be found halting between two opinions on the subject of annexa- tion or protection. It desires, no doubt to please the colonies, as the English people are gradually acquiring some idea of their value ; but it fears to offend its Radical supporters, who regard any proposals for the exten- sion of HER MAJESTY"S dominions with the utmost dislike. Under the circumstances it is probable that Mr. GLADSTONE and his colleagues will endeavour to play a waiting game ; and there is no man in the United Kingdom to whom a policy of delay is more congenial than the Secretary who at presont holds the seals of the Colonial Office. His whole career shows that vigorous action is distasteful to him, and that he considers it to be the principal duty of a statesman to allow troublesome affairs to settle themselves. It is to be hoped that tho urgent repre- sentation of the agents- general will convince him that in the present in stance matters cannot be allowed to drift. We believe that the establish- ment of British power as a dominating influence in the Western Pacific is essential to the moral, material, and defensive interests of Australasia. The islands mentioned by the deputa- tion form the natural outworks of this continent, and we should be worse than foolish to stand quietly by and see them converted into depots for the moral filth of Europe, or fortified posts from which naval forces might operate against our coasts. Lord Derby has said that he is not aware of any facts which justify a fear of foreign annexation ; we, however, see enough in the present temper of France to cause anxiety. But whether there is any immediate danger or not is be side the question. If the islands are essential to these colonies they should be secured at once. What good can come from waiting ? Those who do not desire any additions to the British pos- sessions, and who would not be sorry in their secret hearts to see all the unap- propriated territory in the world taken possession of by other nations, so that our enterprising fellow- countrymen might be spared further temptation, may view the situation philosophically, and laugh at the risk occasioned by delay. We, on the other hand, who have so much dopending on the consolidation of British power in these seas cannot take matters quite so coolly. We desire to grasp time by the fore Íock, and provide against the possi lility of proceedings which would in juriously affect our future, and the lot of our descendants. England should acquire some stations in the Pacific for Imperial purposes, and to the extent of her Imperial obligations she may fairly be asked to contribute towards the ex- pense of the annexation policy which we advocate. Anything done purely on Australian account should be paid for by the colonies. All we ask is that HER MAJESTY'S advisers will settle the conditions under which they will do what we want, and that they will act promptly in the event of those conditions being accepted. It is to be regretted that compliance with our wishes would loosen the hold of the Imperial Government on a por- tion of its supporters. The situation is unfortunate ; but we should not be asked to subordinate matters of vital importance to the nation which is growing up to manhood in this southern world to the mere convenience of a political party. Whether Mr. GLAD STONE'S Administration lasts a few months more or less is a matter of com paratively little moment, but the ex clusion of alien Governments from the islands in our immediate vicinity is essential to the peaceful development and moral health of communities which will soon be numbered by millions. When two such interests clash, there cannot be a doubt as to which ought to prevail. The Queensland Parliament, which opened last Tuesday, is not likely to be of long duration. It would in any case expire by effluxion of time before the end of the present year, but it is not likely to complete the present session, for the Government of Sir THOMAS M'ILWRAITH has lost its majority, and any attempt to perform legislative work under the circumstances would merely result in a waste of time. The ques- tion whether the Ministry should re- ceive its coup de grace by means of an amendment on the address in reply, or whether specific features of its policy would be challenged, was much discussed before the opening of the session, but Mr. GRIFFITH, the leador of the Opposition, who holds the key of the situation, has apparently determined on the latter course. He moved no amendment on the address, and will probably challenge the land grant railway proposals. A very clear issue has been raised on the two main questions which agitate the colony-the method of extending its inland railways, and of providing labour for sugar cultivation in the north -both subjects in which a great many Victorians are interested. As regards the first, the Ministry stand by their land grant proposals. They have announced in the Acting-Governor's speech that they have concluded two agreements, one for a railway from Charleville to the Gulf of Carpentaria, the other from the same point to the New South Wales border. The two proposals pro- vide for a continuous railway traversing the interior of the colony from south to north, connecting the western ends -of the trunk lines running inland from the coast of Queensland, and giving through communication from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the railway System of New South Wales. Tho con- struction of this railway, which would be from 1,100 to 1,200 miles in length, the M'llwraith Ministry propose to leave to two private com- panies-one of English the other of Melbourne capitalists-and in the pro- visional agreements made with them, which the Parliament will be asked to validate, it is stipulated that they are to have bonuses in the shape of land grants, amounting to from 10,000 to 12,000 acres per mile. Mr. Griffith will oppose the bill giving validity to the provisional agreements, on the ground that it is inexpedient to allow the work to be done by private capi- talists, or to grant railway companies large areas of Crown lands. It is on this issue that the political battle will probably be fought, and it is anticipated in the colony that the existing Govern- ment will hasten the end of the Parlia- ment by appealing to the country in favour of its project. We are inclined to view the adoption of this course with some- thing like regret. If the battle had been fought on the address in reply, both of the salient points in the Ministerial programme would have been definitely submitted to the electors, while now the labour question will only take rank as a side issue. Yet the Interests involved in this question are very large. Capital, which may almost be reckoned in millions, has been sunk in sugar plantations on the north coast, and the industry appears to be, so far, in a very thriving condition. But it is entirely dependent on coloured labour, and the supply of Kanakas is running short, and from various causes not likely to continue. The M'llwraith Ministry have endeavoured to meet this difficulty. Chinese labour is very ob- jectionable to most of the colonists, and its value to regular planters some- what questionable, but Hindoo coolies are procurable in any number that may be required, and accordingly the Government of Queensland have been negotiating with the Indian Go- vernment to arrange terms on which they might be obtained. The difficulty in these negotiations was the question of disposing of the labourers after the term of their engagements had ex- pired. There is a general agreement in the colony that it would be very unde- sirable to introduce a coolie population which might become permanently resi- dent in Queensland, and encroach on the general labour field. Kanakas come and go, working almost exclu- sively for the planters, and forming no part of the general population, and it was desired that coolies should be introduced on the same footing. But the Indian Government objected to the regulations framed to give effect to this desire, and it was not till after much negotiation that their assent was ob- tained. In the speech it was announced that the completed regulations would be laid before Parliament for its con- sent, or, in other words, that the Govern- ment were prepared to meet the labour difficulty. Mr. Griffith, after much coquetting with the question, has apparently made up his mind to oppose the introduction of coolies, in deference, probably, to the more extreme section of his supporters. He told the Mackay planters recently that " as at present advised" he would oppose the introduction of coolies. When pressed to suggest a substitute, he told them that they must patiently wait till there was a sufficient supply of white labourers to meet their require- ments, even if they had to submit to a " retardation" of the sugar industry." This was sorry comfort for men,who had expended hundreds of thousands of' pounds in extensive clearings and costly machinery amongst the coast jungles of Northern Queensland. The ex perience of the past has been dis tinctly adverse to the hope that white labourers will voluntarily work on these plantations. Europeans can and do undertake severe physical toil in the tropics for the hope of great profit or the certainty of very high wages ; but they enfeeble their consti- tutions by doing so. Nothing but dire necessity would induce them to accept the ordinary wages of agricultural labour for work on the steaming scrub soil, or among the stifling cane brakes of the north. If Mr. Griffith con- templates pouring in immigrants so fast and in such numbers as to compel them, by choking the regular labour market, to work for the planters, we can only hope that he will fail in so nefarious a design. In the old slave- holding times, the rice planters of South Carolina used to entice poor and ignorant white immigrants to work in their malarious swamps, so as to avoid the risk of employing their more valuable negro slaves in the unhealthy task. We should be very sorry to see an attempt to introduce a similar system in Australia, and yet it almost looks as if the Radical party in Queensland were prepared to sanction it. It is possible, however, that by electing to give battle only on the railway proposals of the Government. Mr. Griffith hopes to secure the support of the anti-coolie party during the approaching general election without binding himself to them by ties which he could not afterwards break. If he should succeed, by the adoption of these tactics, in carrying the elections, his present refusal to sanction any practical measure of relief to the sugar planters may only result in a "retardation" of their industry, and not end in its total ruin. The prospects of investors in Queensland plantations depend very much upon the direction which legislation may take, and for their sake we hope that the approaching political struggle will result in some definite decision on the labour question. When the University receives its pro- mised accession of revenue, it is to be hoped that it will not overlook the claims of the Oriental languages and literatures to a place in its curriculum. Interesting and instructive as these languages are for their own sake, there is a practical reason why thoy should attract especial interest in our highest 'scat of learning. A know- ledge of 'somó ¿f tlio languages spokon in India is nn important qualification for candidatos for ¿ho Indian civil sorvico ; and this is almost the only subject which candidates qualifying for that sorvico can- not leam hero. Tho value and importance of tho posts hi the Indian civil servico is well known, and need not to bo dwelt' upon. It is to bo regretted that very fow colonists aro to bo found among tho magistracy of tlio most important of tho British dopondencies. Tho Australian indopondonco of chnractor mid readiness to meet emergencies would certainly ho appreciated by thoso whoso tusk it is to govern tho dusky millions whom Britain lias undertaken to manage. At present tho preliminary education for tho Indian civil sorvico is far too costly to permit an ordinary parent tu dream of incurring tho expenso it cnt'til« Tho son must bo sent to England to bo pro pared by a "crammer," and "cram," in tlio old country, is a very oxponsivo article Now, if wo remombor aright, in tho first years when tho Indian civil servico wns thrown ojien to competition, tho home Univorsities supplied most of tho successful candidatos. Thor« is ovory reason to supposo that our own univer- sity might do quito as well, if not bettor, m tlus îcspoctthan tho Univorsities of tho old country Tho rango of our subjects taught lias always been wide, and tho pi oof that tho subiocts must havo boon well taught is Unit out undergraduates gain pri/.os Buch as Balliol Scholarsliips and Lincoln Fellowships at Oxford But wo havo a furthoi îeasoii for urging upon tho council of tho Univorsity tho claims of tlio Indian languages to thoir recog- nition Some timo ago the sonato of tho University, on tho motion of Professor Stbonq, requested tho council to endea- vour to got ono or moro appointments to tho Indian civil service placed annually at their disposal Tho British Govern mont already grants us a similai favour m tlio taso of appointments to the army and navy, and there sooms ovoiy reason to bohovo that tlie samo privilege would bo extended to iib m the case of tlio Indian end service But whether the British Government insisted on having the candidates' papors sent home for scrutiny, or whether thoy woro content to abide by tlio decision of colonial examiners, it is curtain that a colonial University fully able to copo with homo " crammers,' would claim and roceivo on indulgent hearing If tho homo Government would not pi ico ono Indi in appointment annually at tlio disposal of Victoria, it might coiiBont to grv c ono to tlio collc. tivo Universities of Australia, mel it would be stringo if, with all oui teaching power and tho intelligence of our youn^ Au_tn__ian_, ?» o could not supply i can elídate worthy of the post A still moio i modest request which might bo modo by our authorities ia, that wo might bo al lowed to placo the questions set by tho Bri-iiili examinors foi tho Indian cavil Borneo boforo our candidates, and sond thom homo under seal In any caso, wo do not seo tliat any harm can como of profcrrnig what soe-ms to tho senate of tho University of Molbourno a reasonable i eil mint An inquiry was recently hold at Amherst to ascertain the causo of the excessive exponelituro winch lias boen incurred m tho maintenanco of tho dis trict hospital during tho last six months Oui carie.tiondtut at talbot I telegraphed a briof account of the dis closuies made, and the conclusions arrived at. Ho said flint tho increased outlay had beon found to Iki attributable to a general rise in the price of provisions, and to " the lavish Bcalo on which the " dietary allowances had boon ordered by " Dr. Massy, thu house surgeon. " The houso Burgeon has allowed as much " as 20oz. of cooked meat per patient a " day." Dr. Massy promptly denied tlic correctness of tlio roport. In a letter published on the 27til "1-, ho charac- terised it as " utterly untruo," and was most circumstantial in his statomonts. Ho said : "The liiçhest diet allows 12o_ (cooked meat) per diem, and there is but one Bolitnry patient on it, ho being an old sailor, aged 82 years, who fought at the battle of Navarino. ... I consider him somewhat in the light of a phenomenon, at any rate as a digestive study, and could ne eat twice 12oz. per day I would give it him if I thought it beneficial." [ We might reasonably oxpoct tliat a gentleman who íb ready to give tho lio direct to others would bo truthful and ingenuous himself. Dr. Massy, how over, does not appear to recogniso any obligation to bo straightforward. When wo examine tho full report given by the Talbot Leader, wo find tliat Scale No. 4 provides, amongst other things, 12o". of meat a day, and that in ono caso a patient dieted at this rato receives an additional [ 8oz. of meat. As, according to Dr. Massy's own admission, there is only ono man in tho institution provisioned I under Scalo No. 4, nnd as 12 and 8 mako 20, jt necest-arily follows tliat tho Navarino veteran is tho man who get- tlio oxtra allowance, and | that tlio total weight of his meat ration is .exactly what our correspondent stated, land what Dr. Massy denied. Unless all I tho roports of what ?fob-'plnco at tlio inquiry aro falso, Dr,~ (Massy has im- pugned tho veracity of," our correspon- dent by withholding a material fact. Tho highest allowance^ according to tho dietary scalo, is, no dóu_t¡ as ho says, 12oz. per dioni, but to mention that quantity without alluding to tho extras given, was to givo eui roney to ono of those half-trutlis which are just as mis- leading as direct falsehoods. Yesterday was tlie 32nd anniversary of the separation of Victoria from New South Wales The holiday will be observed to day by the closing of the public ofliccs, the courts of law, the banks, and insurance offices, & The second Bennion of the twelfth l'arlia mont of Victoria will lie opened by His I.xcellency the Governor at 2 o'clock to- morrow It is not expected that much busi- ness will be done this week beyond adopting in each House an address in reply to the Speech The Council will probably proceed to the consideration of the Speech immediately after the opening ceremonies arc concluded. As we have already announced, Mr James Bell, and Mr James Williamson, will move and second the address in reply In the Legislative Assembly, the usual adjournment will take place until half-past 4 o'clock, and after notices of motions and questions have been tablcdf the adilress will be moved by Dr Hose, and seconded by Mr. Charles Smith A brief elebate is expected, and the House will doubtless carry the address before rising for the night On Wednesday notice will lie given by Ministers of the usual aessional.orders, which will come on for con- sideration on Thursday It is probable that the Sunday question will be brought on by some pmnte member on Wednesday or Thursday. Before the adoption of the sessional orders, appointing different hours for Government business, anel general business, private mern bera have better opportunities of obtaining precedence for their motions than they can Becure afterwards, anel it is understood that notice will be given to morrow of a motion disapproving of the opening of the Public Library and National Gallery on Sunday. Ministers do not intend to initiate any dis cussion on the subject The annual dinner of the Cobden Club was held on Saturday evening, when occasion was taken by several Australian colonists to express their views on the question of fede- ration and free trade Sir Saul Samuel, the ngcnt-general for Now South Wales, stated li is belief that thecolomes would soon federate upon the principle of free trade, and doubted whether Victoria had derived much benefit from the adoption of a protective tariff. New South Wales, he said, has always imposed duties for revenue purposes onlv Necotia tions have been lately proceeding with a Mew to despatching another Australian Eleven to Jïngland for the next cricket season The countj clubs object to Australia receiving half the grand stand receipts in addition to di\ ldmg the gate money, winch former teams were content with It is Btatcd, however, that a series of matchcs.could be eusily ar- ranged on the old basis The revenue returns for the quarter and j cai ended June 30 aro given in another tolumn For the year the total receipts amounted to -5,002,000, or -12,591 more than m 1881 2, notwithstanding the curtail- ment of sales by auction (£50,255), the loss of the excise duty on beer (£-7,515), and diminished reeeiptB under the selection Iclauhcs of the Land Aet (£77,311) There venue derived from the railways in 1882 3 was _1,&18,284, or _1_-,821 more than m 1881-2 The receipts for the quarter amounted to £1,352,20G, or £29,137 less than for the corre- sponding penod of 1882 The Customs, Public Works, and l'ost and Telegraph depart- ments all show steady improvement, and the departments in which the pnncipiil decreases have occurred are excise (beer duty), terri- torial (auction sales), and miscellaneous (interest) The restuction of the auctionsales was confined to the June quarter On the whole, the returns show that the permanent sources of revenuo are in a prosperous state Some misapprehension has arisen as to the precise nature of the reply made by the Premier to the deputation from the confer eneo of ministers of religion who w aitcd on him on Tuesday last to urge that the Bible should be read in the Btnte schools. We reproduee the passages which have been misconstrued :-" I may say that I feel a great deal of pleasure if I have been the means, directly 'or indirectly, either of stirring up any parties m the colony to give Bible instruction in the schools, or if I have giverj, any life or vitality to this movement Personally, I bave never been, indisposed to Bihlo reading in the schools (Hear, hear.) Personally, and not on religious grounds, I may mention that I look upon the Bible as the greatest book in tlie world I have many a tune felt regret that such; a grand book Bhould not be read m the schools When I was ahoy the Bible was read in the schools that book discloses more than any other book m the world, but I never thought that the mere rootling of por tions of the Bible, without inculcating upon youthful minda the moral lessons they con vey, would be very beneficial I don t know how for I am justified m making these re mailes, which are merely personal I shall be delighted, and shall watch with great cor diohty, the movement thai is now going on If you propose to raise a fund towards doing I the work which j ou contemplate- I sholl be very happy to yve my nnte (Hear, hear ) I [ do not know that I con sa, miythmg else. On 1 hurseloj lost we corrected a verbal mac curacy which appcircd in the original io port The Orient liner Cuzco arrived last evening from London She brings English papers to date May 25, and 12 bags of mails three of the latter are from Adelaide however . The passengers comprised 53 for Adelaide, 80 for Melbourne, 172 for Sydney, 17 for Brisbane, five for Auckland, 21 for Lyttleton, one for | Dunedin three for Wellington, two for Pic- ton, and two for Launceston. An infant died during the passage. The saloon. passen gers for Melbourne, named J Ley and G Ley, were arrested at Adelaide. Six passen gers were booked at Adelaide for Sydney and New Zealand. The Cusco as usual, on her return trip will take a shipment of meat. 'lhe race meeting held at Can-field on Saturday by the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was a very successful affair The weather was all that could be desired, and there waa a good attendance, although not so large as I,such a nicptin« deserved as an excellent programme had been prepared His Lxcel lency the Governor was present and remained the whole afternoon The events commcneed | ut 1 o clock sharp with the Sellme, liuce vvlueh wies wini by UiHttiv'ay vuth Nymph I second und Whispi r third Ihe Hamlitup | Hurdle liace broufeht out a field of 10 horte-, and notwithstanding the weight-list 31b - Mr Inglis won the stake with Bu¿za lnplet and Miller filling the other places Only half a-dozen weighed out for the Victoria Gold Cup Mr 1 Watson was 121b over weight for Baronet, and ho rode without a saddle. Black Jacket was most fancied, and he fully justified the conli lence repose- in him, Abdallah being Becond and Yerlo third The Ladies Trophy, the chief event of the day, next claimed attention and the secretary can be congratulated on having mustered for this event the largest field of horses that ever started for a race m Australia, and only three short of the larc,c_t field in the world When the 42 horses gathered at the post they presented a fine appearance, and although the start effected was not a good one, there have been many worse with much smaller fields I-ans ferred got the best of it but he only secure third place the winner buns The Ghost, with Liddington second Thirteen started for the Steeplechase, and Vaultcr had the call m the betting In the run home, how ever, he was passed by General Jackson, Napoleon being third The Chief Secretary and Dr Youl bud an interview on Saturday in reference to the proposal of Mr Graham Mitchell that the vaccination with calf lymph at the Model lunn should be recognised as compUance with the law Dr Youl stated his objections to the practico, which he said waa attended with danger, and Mr Berry not desiring at the time to enter into a full discussion on the mente of the question, requested Dr Youl to obtain from the Central Boord of Ilealth of which he is president, a report to guide him in his consideration of the subject at a Inter date Mr JJonry Moors, who has for 29 j cars been chief clerk in the office of the chief commissioner of police, has been promoted to the position of chief clerk in the Chief Secretaiys office, recently vacated by the retirement o£ Mr. liroolce. Air. Moors late position will be filled by Mr. Robertson, ac- countant in the police branch, who will in turn be succeed«! by Mr. H. K. Rusden. The duties of the latter gentleman will be taken by Mr. J. M. Symonds. A number of changes are to be mode Boon amongst the officers of the Customs depart- ment. The principal one will probably be tlie retirement of Mr. F. W. nowdeu, the collector of customs, who, in the first instance, however, will in all likelihood obtain 12 months' leave of absence. Mr. A. If. Musgrove, the chief clerk of trade and customs, is named as the officer who will take Mr. Hovvden's place. The locomotive superintendent of the Rail- way department has submitted a request to the Minister that an inquiry may be held as to the charges preferred by Messrs. Marshall and Williams against Mr. Peel, the foreman at the Newport workshops. Mr. Mirls stipulates that the evidence shall] be taken on oath. Representatives of tho various municipal councils of the metropolis will meet at the Town-hall at half-past 3 o'clock on Thurs- day, to consieler a scheme of na Metropolitan Board of Works. As far back as 1874 there was a similar conference, af, which a scheme was agreed upon ; and a year or two ago a second conference revised if, and brought it into accord with the then existing circum- stances. Wednesday, the 4th inst, being the anni- versary of American independence, the consul and vice-consul general of the United States will hold an informal reception at the con- sulate from 3 to 5 p.m. Gentlemen aro re Our London correspondent writes on July 25 :-"Longman's magazine for June contains an article headed " On Sending Out to Aus- tralia," from the pen of Mr. E. E. Morris, in which much sound advice is given to certain types of emigrants, who certainly cannot hope to succeed in the colonies. The Leisure Hour for June contains an article on "Slavery and the Slave Trade in Australia," in which the writer contends that under the thin disguise of the "labour trade," "slavery and the slave trade are becoming established under British sanction, and are spreading from Queensland to other parts of Aus- tralia." It is feared that if New Guinea is annexed, "new fields for 'blackbird-catch- ing' may be opened up." The writer chiefly relies for his facts upon Admiral Wilson's report to the Admiralty in 1882, and upon the medical report made by Drs. Hillwray and Thompson into the causes of the great mor- tality among the Kanakas in Queensland. In a letter to The Times, Sir Charles Lilley, the Chief Justice of Queensland, defends the colony from the charge of denying even the most ordinary legal security to the weaker races employed there. He points out that Polynesians and native aboriginal blacks can give evidence in courts of justice, and, so far from being unprotected by the law, are defended at the expense of the Crown when charged with criminal offences, enjoying in this respect a more extended privilege than white men. On Friday last Mr. Ii. Caldwell, a member of the Victorian Commission for the Calcutta Exhibition, and Mr. J. Tliomson, the secre- tary, visited Sandhurst with tho view of ob- taining a representative collection of exhibits from that district. A meeting was held in [ the town-hall, tho mayor, Mr. J. A. Wood- ward, and Bovernl other local residents being present, and it was decided that a local committee should be formed to carry out the purpose in question. The party met with great -courtesy at the I hands of Mr. Woodward, who aecompanied | them to the principal industrial establish- ments, factories, &c;, at nearly all of which promises of exhibits were obtained. A special collection was promised from the School of Mines, including a trophy representing the total amount of gold raised from the Bendigo district. At a meeting of the local, agricul- tural society, held on Saturday, it was de cided to render every assistance for the | purpose of obtaining a thoroguh repre- sentation of Sandhurst and district. Castle- maine was visited on the same day by Mr. Thomson, who met with a highly encourag- ing reception, and obtained promises of ex- hibits of ales, &_, from the Castlemaine | Brewery, and collections of fruit from Mr. Mnriott, of Campbell's Creek, and Mr, JameB Lang, of Harcourt. These gentlemen also announced their intention of sending consignments of fresh fruit to Calcutta at intervals during the currency of the Exhibi- tion. In connexion with this matter the sec- retary intimated that he would arrange for a ¡ special show of Victorian fruit, to be held in [ March next at Calcutta. A telegram was re ceivcd on Saturday last from Mr Schroodeîr, of Bairnsdale, statmg that the Gipps Land hop-growers would forword exhibits of their produce. The time for receiving applications for space has been extended for a few days longer, pending the receipt of entries from Ballarat, Sandhurst, &c; The total number of entries leceived up to date has been very satisfactory, those for wine being especially numerous A meeting of the senate of tlie University will be held to morrow afternoon, at the University. Among the business to be con- sidered is the motion of which Professor Nanson has given notice, "That, inasmuch as no ad eundeni degrees can bo lawfully con ferred by the University, excepting upon graduates of universities which have been recognised by the University of Melbonrnei, the council bo requested to frame a statute reraguiBUig other universities " In tho Supreme Court on Sattuday an application was made in an action of Cluilmcrs v Poir/oij for a mandamus to com- pel the judge of the County Court at Ballara to hear and determine the case Tho case had previously been heard at the police court and been dismissed, and the judge was of opinion that this determination was final, but it was held that the police court proceedings were Fnot final The judge was therefore directed to hear the case An application was oleo made to compel the justices in petty sessions at Melbourne to hear a charge pre- ferred by Alex. Miller, a publican, against min P C Conruhan. of larceny as a bailee. The justices were of opinion that tlio com- plainant had treated the matter as one for debt, that it wus therefore not a subject for a criminal prosecution, and did not hear the case. It was contended that in this the justices were wrong. There was no opposi- tion to the application, which was accordingly grante'd. The insolvent, llobcrt Carter, jeweller, of 7 Collins-Htrectweat, who reported to the police that his shop was robbed of about £2,700 worth of stock between G o'clock on the night of Saturday, the 20th May, and 8 o'clock of the following Monday morning, was further examined in the Insolvent Court on Saturday by Mr. Phillips, who appeared for tee trustee of the estate. The examina- tion waa conducted with the view of ascer- taining how Mr. C. Cook, of Sandridge, pawnbroker, became a creditor on the estate for £470, and the insolvent said it was for money lent to him at different times between the 29th March and 10th May of this year. It appeared that the insolvent kept no re- cords of tlie transactions, and that on every occasion when he borrowed money he gave C. Cook goods out of his shop as security, and also gave lum a promissory note covering all the money lent The insolvent said he kept no account of the transactions with Cook because he expected to have been able to settle them out of £1,000 he was to receive froniHooperwhen he married Hooper's sister in the latter end of April. As the insolvent continued to call his wife " Hooper's sister," Mr. Phillips drew his attention to the fact that he must know he wus committing per- jury every time he did so, and then naked him plainly whether he believed lii_ wife to be Hooper's sister. Insolvent answered tha-, hf believed she wns, but, in reply to another question, said that her __m'er when he married her was Bussell, _néï*ilîâtr lie-learní' that fact about three vyyëÊs'ttbefore his marriage. The examination* of-the insol- vent was adjourned to T-mräffay^xt, and ho wma ftrHprprl tr» flin in +hn 'tnMntiinp fin lu*. count of his transactions wi.th"0.' Cook. The following information; concerning tlie frozen meat trade is given''by our London correspondent, writing on May 25:-"The New Zealand consignments of frozen meat per Lady Jocelyn and British King are not yet upon tho market, and pending their arrival the frozen meat trade is <rather dull.' As showing the growing importance of the trade the following statistics, taken from the annual report of the superintendent of the central markets at Smithfield, will prove interesting :-In 1881 222,114 tons of produce were delivered at Smithfield, 10C.37G being country killed, 79,080 tons town killed, 8,054 tons general foreign meat and produce, 27,439 tons American killed fresh meat, and 565 tons Australian and Now Zealand lulled fresh meat. Last year there were 101,043 tons of country killed meat delivered, 81,520 tons town killed, 9,930 tons foreign meut ami produce, 10,035 tons American meat, and 1,747 tons Australian meat. In February last some Australian oxen and sheep, which had left Melbourne two months and nine days previously, were slaughtered in England and sold in the markets ; and in May last a consignment of about 5,000 New Zealanel sheep was sold at Smithfield after a passage of 98 days in a sailing vessel. The British King reached Plymouth this morning, and reported that her cargo of frozen meat was in excellent condition. " During the discussion at the Royal Colonial Institute on Mr W Campbell's paper advo eating the development of the Euphrates Valley as a railway route to India and Aus traha, one of the speakers fell into a grav c error m attributing to Victoria the policy that led to the break of gauge at Albury Sir A Clarke has corrected this mistake in a letter to the Colonies and India, m the course of which he remarks -"As I was not only at the time the engineer m chief of the Vic terian Railwavs, but theMimster responsible for the necessary legislation m connexion with them, I venture to e\plam that I adopted the gauge as established m Victoria in compliance with the act of the Victorian legislature mtif} ing the terms of a conven tion of the three then great colonies of Aus traha, by which they all bound themselves to adopt the same gauge, then deciding vv hat that gauge should be Victoria adhered to that engagement and so did South Australia, but New South Wales repudiated it " On July 11 a deputation will wait on the Minister of Railways to advocate the carl, construction of the remaining portion of the direct line of railway between Melbourne and Ballarat A portion of this line, from Bal larat to Gordon, is already open for traffic , and the other end, from Melbourne to Bacchus Marsh, is now in course ot construe tion, leaving only about 20 miles between Bacchus Marali and Gordon to be provided for This line when completed will be about 30 miles shorter than the present one via Geelong The annual collection in aid of the Pope was made in most of the Roman Catholic churches yesterday. At the eleven o'clock mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral Archbishop Goold presided, and previous to i parting the pontifical benediction brielly addressed the very large congregation thnt wns present. The Ven. Archdeacon Hogan, of Tasmania, the Very Kev. Dean England, of Hotham, and the Very Bev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, vicar- geiicral, were in attend- ance on the archbishop. The Very llev. Dean Donaghy officiated ns celebrant, the Bev. J. Heffernan as deacon, and the Bev. J. F. Fitzgerald as sub-deacon. Mozart's " Twelfth Muss" was performed by n full choir, under the leadership of Mr. A. Plumpton, the prin- cipals being Miss Alice Rees, Mrs. Cutter, Mr. Staker, nnd Mr. Dnniei. During the offertory, Miss Alice Rees gave nn ndmirnble rendering of the " Inllammntus," from ilosaini's "Stabat Mater." Commenting upon the case of Detectives Nixon, O'Callaghnn, and Duncan, the Ben- digo Advertiser observes :-" The demand they mnde for a board wns one allowed, nay, insisted on by the law. Their removal from Melbourne is looked upon as n punishment, nnd intended to be Buch. Yet the opportu- nity of clearing themseves, or of getting deeper into the mire, is denied them. It would appear ns if, just for the sake of keep- ing up appearances, the Government decided to make mutters uncomfortably warm for somebody, and as the detectives' happened to come in the road just at; this time, it wns determined to give them -a'turrl. The con- viction is forced upon ns'thfit, however the commission blundered iii recommending' the officers' dismissal on "the'"unsupported evidence of felons, there is even less excuse for the Executive in refusing a board of in qniry to tho accused men, and least of all for punishing them for conduct indignantly denied." The Glenmorven, a new steamship, whick arrived from London on Saturday, bringa another shipment of draught stock for this colony It consists of four mares and one entire. Two entires were shipped, but one of them, Breastplate, (bed m the Mediterra noan from natural rauseB The remaining I one, named Shillingsworth, is a bay three year old The mares comprise a three year old, a four year old, a five year old, and a | six year old They have all arrived m spion did order and condition The importers are Messrs Brookless and Scott, who brought out a shipment a few dajs ago in the Loch Garry The Victorian Football Assocation, at its last meeting, allotted the Football Chainy Fund for the past season The amount at its disposal has been contributed by the senior football clubs, and also by the cricket clubs on whose grounds matches have been played during the season Cheques for the amounts stated have been handed_,to the foi lowing institutions by the lion treasurer - | Children's Hospital, £20 , Melbourne Hos pital, £20, Alfred Hospital, £20, Gee long Hospital, £15 , Lying in Hospital, £10, | Benevolent Asylum, £10 , Prisoners'Aid So octy, BlindAsylum, DeAf and Dumb Asylum, | Homoeopathic Hospital, Lye and Ear Hos pital, Home for Destitute Children, Mel bourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, St Vincent de Paul's Orphanage, Melbourne I Orphan Asylum, £5 each. The total sum | distribned ib £140 A sale of racehorses of Booie interest will I be held at Kirk's Bazaar to morrow Among the animals to be disposed of are Colstoun, I I who has won several valuable races recently, and Corioltuius. On Saturday night the " Bonuuiy Bye " I drew a very largo number of persons to the Theatre Royal. That sensational scene in which the gipsy (Mr. Biguold), having been captured by Scragger and his mate, is saved by Mother Shipton (Miss Brabrook Hender- son), was, as usual, very effectively sub- mitted. Miss Henderson's acting in it could not well be improved upon. Miss Pomeroy re-appeared in "East Lynne" on Saturday night before a numerous, audi- ence, at the Opera-house. The piece was very successfully represented. To-night "Leah" will be produced, and it is an- nounced that "Hamlet" is in preparation. As Miss Pomeroy's season is rapidly drawing to a close, the public will not have many more opportunities of witnessing lier acting. The Federal Minstrels submitted a new programme at the Victoria-hall on Saturday night. As usual, the place was crowded. Amongst the items in the programme were " The Lawyer's Clerk," a most amusing Bketeli by Mr. W. H. Bent, and Mr. C. Hcywood's musical force, " Our Last Night in Paris." Mr. A. Lawton introduced some novel specialties The People's Concert in the Tenipernuce liull, Russell-Btreet, on Saturday evening, at- tracted one of the largest audiencesever seen yi that building. The Buffalo Sercnaders gave a minstrel first part, nearly every item in which was encored, and this was followed by a varied programme, comprising recitations by Miss Jenny Atkinson, songs and dances and negro sketches by the Brothers Hugo, ballads by Miss Amy Rowe, and serio-comic songs by Miss Hugo. " We arej-equested to direct attention to an \--dver__cmt»--of-the Victorian Co-operative Dress Supply ____fciation. In consenueu-O of to-day being a bank holiday Bettiing-ovcr the V.A.T.C. Meeting will not take rjl_c_ until to-morrow. . The maehinejy for the Dandenong Free- hold Jirick..'-ndaTile Co. has arrived per s.S. Cuzco. When erected this will enable the , company, to' tSrif*out 30,000 bricks per day. The'-Vth-najum was filled on Saturday evening, whe'nJJr. Simms's lecture on "Love, Courtship, and Marriage" was repeated. It will be delivered for the last time this even An odvertisement m another column an nonnces that the annual meeting of the Presbyterian Chaplaincy Association will be held to day at half post 2, in the Assembly hall, Collins street We have received the following publica tions -Ward, Lock, and Co 's Bixpenny edi tion of the Pickwick Papers, from Mr L W Cole , the Mother's Home Hool. (Ward, Lock, and Cío , publishers), from Mr A J Smith Tho number of visitors to the National Gallery and Museum yesterday was 2,000 The Temperance hallwnscrowdedlastnight, when a meeting was conduerted by " Major ' Barker, of the Salvation Army Addresses were given by " Major ' and Mrs Barker and others A concert and ball is nnnounced to be giv en m the Melbourne Temperance hall tins evening in aid of tho widow and family of the late Brother W A Bradshaw, of the Independent Older of Rechabites Dr Rose, M L A , has consented to preside The annual meeting of the Weslej an Home Mission Society vv ill be held this evening m the Brunswick street Wcslejan Church Ad dresses wall be given by the Rev Spencer Williams, general secretary to the Home Missions, the Rev John Watsford and others A comphmenlarj banquet was given to Mr Bernard Levy, the president of the Turn Verein, at the hall ofthat society on Saturday evening The hall was well filled SirFerdi nand von Mueller presided A number of, toasts were honoured " An election to fill the vacancy on the Col hngwood School Boarel of Advice caused through the death of Mr Thomas Cole tool place on Saturdii} There were twe} eandi dates for the position, namely, Mr Tohn Hendy and Mr Robert Anderson,ijanel the former was returned by a majority of 25 ?votes, having polled 228 against his oppo nent's 203 The electors took very little interest in the proceeding-) The following is the state of the house of the Homoeopathic Hospital for the week ending June 30,1883 -iii patients-Remain ing last week, 10 , admitted during week, 1, discharged during week, 3, number remain ing, 8 Out-patients- New cases, 15, number remaining, 292 