WESTERN ETIQUETTE. A Chicago House Editor's Views on Matrimonial Ceremony. " Excuse me, gentlemen," said the young lady, " but which one of you is the society editor?" "We don't keep one on this paper, miss," said the horse critic, "but the whole gang take a crack at that style of journalistic labour once in a while. Is there anything we can do for you ?" " I was going to ask," said the girl, " if it would be too much trouble for you to give me some hints as to the proper way to receive and dispose of guests at a wed ding, how the supper should be served, and so forth." "You want to know what is en riggle and recherchy, as the French say," said the horse critic. " We can give you the correct pointer. Are you the blushing bride ?" " Yes, sir," said the girl, in a rather weak voice ; " that is—" "Oh, I understand," said the horse editor. "I apprehend your feelings. I was once young and bashful myself. Now about this wedding. The receiving part is easy. After the nuptial ceremony is concluded you and Mike—" "But his name isn't Mike,""said the young lady. " His name is—" " Oh, I know all about that," said the equine journalist. " Of course his name is Adelbert or Reginald or some other dry goods clerk nonsense, but in giving advice we always allude to the sucker as Mike and call the bride Hannah. It saves time. Now, after you and Mike are married you want to jog along home and plant your selves at the back end of the parlour. Better have a floral bell or something like that to stand under, because it is consid ered the correct thing and makes a better toot ensemble, as the French say. Then the guests they get in line and go by you on a slow walk—a kind of we-buried-him sadly- by-dead-of-night clip—and then you shake hands with each one and say to them, ' Thanks, awfully,' and they look at you and Mike as if you were a couple of prize cattle and felt sorry for you." " And the supper ?" said the young lady anxiously. " Oh, yes, the supper. Well, at some weddings they feed in the dining-room, and at others each guest sits on a chair and has his lunch brought to him. Now, I always advise the use of chopped feed at weddings-bring on the ham and the ice cream at the same time. They can't eat the sandwiches first, because if they do the cream will melt, and if they do throw in the cream to start with the sandwiches will act like Banquo's ghost—' they will not down ' " and the horse reporter vigor- ously winked at the dramatic critic in or- der to attract the attention of that person to his able joke. But the critic was try ing to smoke a cigar that the advance agent of the WHALE had given him and did not look. " Of course," continued the biographer of Goldsmith Maid, " it would be better if you could give each guest a box stall and throw the feed in early in the even- ing, but this is not often practicable, so you had better keep on the old racket." " I am sure I am very thankful, sir, for the interest you have taken in this mat- ter," said the girl, "and I shall follow your advice. Which is the way down stairs, please ?" " There are two ways," replied the horse reporter. "You can jump down the hatchway or take the stairs. Our elevator never runs. —Chicago Tribune. 