ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. The Intercolonial Confcrcnco of Aiutriilinn statesmen'hold ita .final sitting last Tuesday, 80 tlic Sydney tolrgrnmB say. Our • I'ostraaster Goocrel was not in'at the de'itli. Ho cleared a feu- days previously, for parts unknown. An intercolonial conference of the A ustralian stut-.a man typo is not a tbingthat one can take much of at a time. 'Jho pace is too' severe.. This one was ostensibly, to. coneider tlic propriety of the Governments of*- these colonics joining the Postal "Union." ' Of course the' members of the conference could not agree. Queensland backed ou'. whcn.it came to the pinch. They very rarely do agree at thess conferences upon an joint action for objects of the least practical impor tance, and when they do, one or other of tlio | Parliaments of the several colonies invariably refuses to ratify what its representative Minis ter lias dono. I used to wonder what upon earth was tlio use of such meetings, seeing that they always and invariably ended in smoke. A friend of mine, a sharp fellow who can see into a millatono as fur as here and there one, assures mo that tlio only "real object of these conferences is to afford a colourable cxcuso for Ministers of the Crown to go on the spree for a couplo of weeks or so, in - Sydney and Melbourne alter nately. It is a nice outing for If ew Zealand, Queensland, South Australian, and Tasmanian Ministers of the Crown at the expense of the States which have the honour to be represented by them, and affords a,pleasant break in.the monotony of. official routine to the statesmen of ifew: South. "Wales and -Victoria, "whichever capital the conference may sit in There is a good deal of force, mind you, in this. It throws quite a Hood of light on one part of the pro ceedings at these conferences winch before was | rather.obscure. For.instance, neirly every day while the late confercuce was; sitting the tele- I graphic intelligence was something to the -fol lowing effect:— - Tlio conference met this morning and decided upon I tho courso of procedure. At the close of tho sitting the members of the conference accepted an invitation to tho Ministerial picnic at tho Hawkesbory, and left by the Government steamer this evening. Tho party will teturn on Sunday. Very littlo of importance hasyot Leon done by tlio Intercolonial Postal Conference beyond routine busi ness. There was.no sitting to-day, and tho members of tbo conference, with the exception of the Hon. B. D. Morchead, were driven onl in a four-in-hand drag to La Perou«e, Botany hay, -by Sir. E. Bartou, Speaker of tho 'Legislative Assembly. Tboy were entertained to-night by the Hon. J. L. Parsons, tbo South Australian delegate. Tko Hon. Graham'Berry entertained tho members of the Postal Conference and other gentlomen,at Betty's Hotel last cveuiug. Tho dinner was a very magnificent one.' • and so on all round, on the principle, appa rently, of"shaking in the lint and losers stand ing out next shake until 'every one had been | "let in." The only difference I over could dis cover between this and each, one of the com pany paying in turn was the c-xcitctnent of ascertaining tho-.order in; which each one became the V victim'." . This sort of conference soon tops a-man up, and I do not wonder, therefore, at Morehtad not stopping to sec it out.; .: * : To those who took an interest in the Hilburn Oreek scandal, as it was called, which ended in I Mr. Baker, Minister for Mines . in the Parkes- | Bobertson Ministry, being driven from the As sembly for conduct unworthy a member, it will no doubt be a great comfort to learn that before tho session Anally closed last week the members of the Legislative Assembly reversed tlio.resolution regarding poor Baker. ,They decided by 23 to 21, on division, that the ; House was of opinion that the resolution of the 8th November, 1881, censuring that gentleman by alleging that.ho had been guilty of conduct unworthy of a member of tho House, should be rescinded. Mr. Baker mxy how hold up his head again among the proudest of them, and tako office ns Minister for Mines or anything olse that comes handiest, if it be still worth his while to revel in politics and sacrifice him«el; on the altar of his country a littlo more. What | a relief it must lmvo been to the other mem bers of tho Assembly whs "touched the sugar" i that Milbnru Creek bus'ness when the embargo was taken off Baker. They could then go home and sloop the sloepof ihe'just. I always thought, dud, indeed, said more than ouee in these columns, that Mr. Baker was not treated j as un Australian Minister of the Crown ought to have been treated when such* a charge was brought against him. In the first place, his colleagues ought lo have repelled, with | scorn and indignation, tho accusation^ urgod the utter impwsibility of it being true, and should have triiil their best 1 to hound dowu as scoundrels unworthy of eroienco the men who made tho charges. If tlmt had failed they should then havo taken care lo appoint tome onoto examine and report upon the matter whose decision could bo relied on, employed tlio most eminent counsel procurable todefeiil Baker, aud pre vent, as far as possible, any damaging evidence from being obtainable. .If all tliia hid been dono tho report ortho commissioner might lmvo been awaited with dignified calmness and re signation. But instead of doing this the Parkes Ministry did the very contrary, Piwt thoy powuadod their old colltaguo I to resign his portfolio, and thon they picked out • tlio cleverest barrister they could find and gave him carte llanche, as tlie Prencli say, to ferret out evory blessed thing ho could about the whole business, and make it all public. The thing was monstrous, and the result proved it. Not only Baker, but other influential and highly respectablo mem bo's of the Assembly, and ox-members of the Crown, wore implicated a'so; and it was only by a close shave that thsywere enabled to keep their seals in the Assembly when the whole matter was ' blown upon" in this cold-blooded manner. However, it has-all been put right now, and I have no doubt it will be a warning for all time to come, both to Ministers of the Crown in New South Wales, and also to their supporters, nevor to allow clever busy-bodies to inquire too curiously iuto matters which ought nit to concern them. < The Australian, which claims to be the Roman Catholic paper here, lias been terribly exercised during the pa3t few weeks about the manner in which The Telegraph is conducted. Tlio chief writers of the Austra lian-—young, hot- headed, Irish clerics, most probably—have been tail-lashing and working themselves up to a pitch of almost un governable fury ot The Telegraph in general and the writer of these "tfotes" in par ticular. It must be very bad to feel like that," and if I could suggest anything to soothe and comfort them in their affliction 3 would willingly do it. Perhaps a little heartier denunciation of me than his hitherto brcn in dulged in might have the desired effect, and if they think so, I sincerely hope they will not fail to try it. A few of what the Yankees call "swear words," and a selection- of the most pungent expletives from the vocabulary of Bil lingsgate fishwives/ if properly arranged and hurled at my head, might relieve the o ver wrou ght feelings of the ed tor of the Australian and his chief contributors in a most effectual manner. Or a touch of tbo " Bell, Book, and Candle"busi* ness would be a pleasragrnovelty in these parts and more professional tlian merely secular male dictions I should not mind it in the slightest de gree, neither would the proprietors of The Tele• graph. Happily this colony is not under the dc minion of the Church to which these Australian writers belong, and of which they constitute themselves the champions. They may induce a few more persons to subscribe to The - Tele graph in order to see for themselves whether it is as bad as it is represented, but the number is, unappreciible. The fact is, I feel rather sorry for the Australian proprietors and editors. They started the paper as the authoritative organ of the Queensland Roman Catholics, and a large number of Queensland Boinan Catholics will notsubscribs to it. Time after time there have been remonstrances in its columns against the niggardly support which has been accorded to it. This must be very trying, mind you, to joung gentlemen who have formed exaggerated opinions of their own importance, power, and in fluence. ThcMiniiter for Lands, like a good-na tured son of the Church, as he is, is very hind to them in the way of Government laud sales adver tisements, which is a great help; but then ho will not be Minister for Lands for ever, and his successor is almost certain to he less liberal to a weekly paper of such a* limited circula tion as the Australian, and what will its conductors do then? These arc questions which cannot fail to cause irritation and annoy ance to young and enthusiastic clerics who go in for amateur newspaper writing, and it is only natural that they should want to 11 take it out" of somobodv. They will grow wiser by and-by. In the meantime, I hope they will enjoy themselves as best they cm, and never mind me. I shall be able to find my way about pretty well the same. It is wonderful wlwt influence the imngina. tion has upon even the most hard- headed and unsentimental persons at tim*s. A word, or a phrase of no special significance, uttered or written at some particular juncture, will make such an impression upon some people as to turn them from their purpose when nothing else would. This was shown in a very marked manner the other day. A certain firm of Hebrew traders determined to sue another firm for the reeovory of a considerable sum under what was allirmcd to bo a breach of contract. Plaintiffs had forwarded a quantity of goods> as per agreement with defendants, whirh the latter refused to take delivery of, and in other ways objected to complete the contract. Plaintiffs semed to have a vorv good case, put it into thelnnds of a smart solicitor, who employed a barrister, and prepa rations were made for a big fight in the Supreme Court. Tbo other side also employed a solicitor, who engaged a barrister to do the best he could, although after a careful exami nation of the brief, both agreed that the chances of a successful defence seemed " rather dicky" unless something unexpected turn*d up. It came to the knowledge of the barrister who drew up the plcadiugs for defendant that this coutraob was made on a Sunday and in order to tako advantage of every scrap of opportunity offered, he set. out in his plead ings that, in defianceof the statute 29.Ghnr.II., c. 7, s. 1, this contract had been entered into on "The Lord's Day"—which is the term .used in the statute. / When the plaintiffs saw this the head of the firm turned as. white as—well, as white as a Hebrew ghost, and exclaimed " That settles us " ".The Lord's Day! Oh, scissors, to think of that now! Sister of Moses I that I should hive been tripped in that way !" —with other equally emphatic ■ exclamations. The end of it was that he rushed off and instructed his solicitor not to go on any further with the matter, but back out of it in the best .way he could, and all the talking to that was lavished on him to dissuade him from his purpose only had the effect of confirming him the more ob stinately in his view. His one sufficient reply was—" that * Lord's Day' would cook me before any Christian jury in Queensland." 