Cooma Municipal Council. TUESDAY, 20TH MARCH. Present: The Mayor (Mr. Geo. W. Spring) and Aldermen Harris and O'Rourke. The minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed. The following correspondence was read:— District Surrey Offioe, Oooma, 20th March, 1883. Sir.—ReferringtoreoetitcoQiniUQJoations on the subject of erection of aUgnmont potta provided by the Boroueh Council for the town vf Oooma, I have tho honor to in form you that, u Mqnettad by the Council, I telegraphod to the Sunreyor- Qoneral for a decision on Mr. Acting District Surveyor Smith's recommondatiun, that - reduction in kxb should in this case bo porroittol. nnd beg to forward you a copy of my tele gram and the reply received thereto.— I have, ifcc, A. C. Iticrro, District Surveyor. The Mayor, Cooma. (Oopv.) Telegram from A. C. Helta, District Sur veyor, to the Surveyor-Oeneral. ' Please mind early reply to Mr. Smith's {otter No. 82-134 of 18th October, respect ing alignment nosts, Oooma. Having in view scarcity of timber rind oxponsos in curred, I think reduction in size as recom mended in this oaso may bo allowed.' \VOFY or IIBFJ.Y.J ' Tufl District Surveyor having reported that tho posts provided by tho borough Council of Cooma are generally of a such a rough and unsubstantial character that he caniwt approve of their erection, it is pro poBcd to instruct him to accept such of thorn as in hn opinion are (it for tho purpose, and any doflciency iu tho number jf pouts requisito to mark tho alignment of tho streets must bo made good hy tho Council who should supply Ilium of the following dimensions, viz , 0 ft. 0 in. long hy 7 inches square, or nthorwiso the further marking of tliottreats by posts cannot bo undertaken. ll is turtnor recommended that tho Borough Council of Cooma bo so informed. A. I. SrorrH, For gurveyor-Gunoral. Oth December, 1882, Theau papers arc now forwarded to Mr. District Surveyor Hotts for his information as rai&rds; the action taken taken with re spect to the alignment posts in question Tide 81 700-21 lloads, herewith, Mr. Dis trict Surveyor Betta is thoreupon requested to take the nccauary action. A. I. Stopps, For Survoyor-Gtineral, Mth March, 1883. Alderman Harris proposed that the alignment question be left to the Improvement Committee, and that the Council Clerk be instructed to write to Mr. Betta thanking him for his courtosy. Alderman O'Rourke seconded the motion, which was carried. Letter from the Mayor of Sydney inviting tho Council to co-operate for the Lancr Memorial Fund. On the motion of Alderman O'Rourke, seconded by Alderman Harris, the letter was received and referred to the General Committee, and tho Council Clerk authorised to send a reply. Tho Mayor said the valuers would commence work tho following morn ing. The General Committee's report was read : — Oooma, March 17th, 1883. To tho Municipal Council of Oooma. Gentlemen, — The general committee beg to report that thoy have ascertained tho prices of furniture for Council Chambers, and recommend tho acceptance of Mr. John Bauds' offer of 12 chairs for £6 10s., two sottes at 60a. (inch, £6, tho table, £0. They also recommend the Council to have the name Municipal District of Cooma, Council Chambers, neatly printed in gold and black on window of office. Tho committee would alsorecommend that achandelier be bought, and that a defile nnd nironn linlnn jtlinulrl Itn made for Council Clerk. G«o. W. Spiuno, Mayor. Alderman O'Rourke moved the adoption of the report. Alderman Harris, seconded the motion, which was carried. There are throe auctioneers in Cooma, two in Bombala, two in Dole gate, four in Bega, one a1. Kiandia, and one at Micalago. The Hon. Henry Copeland seemed very anxious at the banquet on Saturday night to explain his aotion in reference to the Redmond railway pass business, and said bo owed his election to Irishmen. Mr, Redmond on Saturday said that Sir Henry Parkes reminded him very much of a shark without a tail— that he did a good deal of splashing about and gnashing of teeth, but that he was quite harmless. A Minister of the Crown thoroughly enjoyed himself at the banquet on Satur day night. Ho ultimately laid his head on the table and went to deep with his pipe in his month. Ghosts,— An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories thai fill some of the ournals. The' sceptical mind in, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Mar ley's ghost: 'How do I know that you are not a, bit of undigested bread V for, of all the ghost producer!, a bit of 'heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell againBt ghosts by using Ber wick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in mak ing bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ;nosw, it wui raum uruou m uio most aa-1 mirablo fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and every good housewife bays it A painful incident (says the Pall Mall Gazette) is reported in the American papers as of recent occurrence. In Williamsville, Iowa, same aamples of tar pavement had been laid down in a few of the side streets. Sixteen young men, ' armed with every known portable musical instrument,' pro ceeded that night to serenade a .young lady, in faint of. whose, house a sample unknown to them had been laid.- ? Seating themselves on the sidewalk with their feet on the road tray, they played and sang with much feel ing and good taste for some little time. On attempting at tlie conclusion of the per formance to rise, .they found themselves in an' embarrassing and most uncomfortable position. They were, in fact, glued to the pavement, and could only regain their feet at a terrible sacrifice of their clothing. After a lengthened discussion as to what was best to be done under the circn instances, it was decided that they must free them selves at any cost. They accordingly screwed their courage up to .tearing point, and with 'a mighty wrench,'' rose from the pavements, leaving behind them almost as much uf their garments as they carried ?way. 