The Clond-SheHy's Magical Ode; I-Stujro fresh showers tor the thirsHng flowers, From the seat and the streams ; I bear light shade f er the leaves when laid In their noon-d»y dreams. .'? From my wings are shaken the dews that : ? waken ?'? ''.','.,' The sweet birds ever/ one, , - ' When roolied to rest on their mother's breast, As the dances about the «n. I wield the flsilof the Uihtog bail, Audthenafatel.Bss»i™itinraln; And laugh as I patl In thunder. ?; I sift the snow on tht mountains below, And tteir gnat pines groan ofhsst; . And all tht night, 'tis my pillow white, ^While I sleep in the arms of the blast. Sublime on the towers of my skley bowers Lightning, my pilot, sit* j Ins cavern under is fetterod the thunder; , ' It struggles and howls at fits. Over earth ah deean, with gentle motion, . This pilot it^uiding me, Lured by the love of the genii that move In the depths of the purple sea; , Over the rills, end the orags, and the hills, Over the lakes and the plains, - .. . Whtre7erhe dream, nader mean tain orstrtam, The spirit he loves, remains ; . And I ill the while bask in heaven'* blue smite, Whilst he is dissolving in raini, . . The sanguine sunrise, with it's meteor eyes, ' And his burning plumes outspread, Leapt on the baok ot my aailinf *ask', ' . When the morning star shines dead, At on tht jag of a mountain crag Whioh an earthquake rooks and swings, -. An .eagle, alit, one moment may »t In the light of its golden wingt ; And when sunset may breathe, from the lit sea beneath, Its ardors ot rest and ot love, -' x , And the crimson pall of avs may fall, From the depths of heaven above, With wings foldod I rest on mine airy nest, . At still os a brooding dove. That orbed maiden with white fire laden, Whom mortals oall the moon, Glides glimmering o'er my fleece-like floor B) the midnight bneses strewn ; And, wherever the beat ot her unseen feet, Whioh only the angels hear, May have broken the woof of my tent's thin roof. The stars peep behind her and peer ; And I laugh to see them whirl ana flee, Like s swarm, o' golden beet, When I widen the rent in my wind-built tent, Till the calm river, lakes, and seas, Like strips of the sky fallen through me on high, Are each paved with the moon and these. I bind (he sun's throne with a burning zone, And the moon's with a girdle of pearl ; The volcanoes are dim, and the stars real and swim, ' \- When the whirlwinds my banner untoil. From cape to oape, with a bridge-like shape, Over a torrent sea, , Sunbeam proof, I hang like a roof, The mountains its columns be, The triumphal arch, through which I march, With hurricane, fire and snow, When the powers of the sir are chained to my ohair, ?'?- ; Is the million-colored bow; The sphere-fire above, its soft colors wove, While the moist' earth was Ianghing^below. I am the daughter of the earth and water, And the nursling of the sky ; I pass through the pores of the oosan and shores; ' I change but I oannot die. For utter the rain, when, with never a stain, The pavilion of heaven is bare, And the winds and sunbeams, with their con vox, gleams, - - Build up the bine dome of air — I silently laugh at my own cenotaph, ? And oat of the caverns of rain. Like a child from the womb, like a ghost from the tomb, ; I rise and upbuild it again. ' ? 