[?] Early Christianity.* The author of these goodly volumes, the eloquent Canon Farrar, long ago stamped himself, in his noble Life of Christ, and later of St. Paul, as one of the first of living Church historians. Nominally biographies, and splendid specimens of that difficult art, those works were really histories, recording as they did with every circumstance of authority and tradition, in the first instance the laying of the corner stone of the future grand edifice of Christianity, and in the second the rapid building up of the first courses under the fiery zeal of the chief of the builders, the great 'Apostle of the Gentiles.' Their interest, as that of the present work, may be described as three fold — historic, expository, and personal; and as to the earlier volumes, it would certainly be hard to say where in all three — as historian, theologian, or biographer— the author has succeeded best. Of course, on such a subject, or rather such a multi plicity of subjects, so variously regarded since the Christian world began, he has not escaped sharp criticism. The verbal critics have found fault with some of his textual readings, the literary with the occasional redundancy of Iris rhetoric, and of course there have not been wanting any number of differing theologians ; but no one has denied the beauty and harmony of both works, either as a clear conception of the great Christian tradition, from an orthodox point of view, or as a bright and living picture of the scenes recorded. Here, from the nature of the case, the interest is mainly expository. Every effort, indeed, is made to preserve the historic and personal elements ; but, in comparison with the author's previous subjects, there was little to preserve. No story in the world ever equalled the story of Nazareth, and there was no Apostle with the living force and individuality, or even with the adven tures, of St. Paul. Of the later lives of the writers of the Epistles here mainly dealt M-ith— St. Peter, St. James, St. Jude, St. John, and hypothetically, Apollos — little is known except from legend or tradition, to which, even in the most respectable shape, the author is not partial, and the gospel account of such of them as ave mentioned there he had already given. While there fore everything is told of them and their terrible times that can be told, the present work is mainly an ex haustive review of their work and writings, which, says the author, ' if my effort has been in any degree successful should enable the reader to carry away with him some conception of the varieties of religious thought which prevailed in the schools of Jerusalem and of Alexandria, and also of those phases of religious thought which are represented by the writings of the two greatest of the twelve Apostles.' Before, however, proceeding to his expository labours, there was one thing the author could do to give a terrible, both personal and historic interest to his pages, and he has done it with all the power of his picturesque, but we confess, to our mind, somewhat too rhetorical style. He could contrast the picture of the Pagan world of that day with that of the early Christian Church — ' the consummate flower of Pagan degradation with the pure bud of Christian life'— and in a few broad strokes set the horror and shame of the old religion and civilisation against the beauty and purity of the new. The story of this awful epoch, lias been told, with every variety of cadence in the gamut of detestation, in the stern pages of Tacitus, the stately periods of Gibbon, the brilliant narratives of Merivale, and of many more, but though often at greater length, seldon, we think, with greater force, and never with more honest, eloquent indignation than in this graphic sketch by Canon Farrar. It was an age, even in the history of a world grown old in all forms of wickedness, and of a nation that seemed to have absorbed and to intensify them all, of unexampled horror. It was the age of such human monsters as Tiberius and Gaius, Clau dius and Nero — names whose bare mention suffices to call up every most hideous image of crime and terror. St. Paul himself, in a few powerful strokes, has given us a lurid picture of its wickedness ; but, says the author, ' even if St. Paul had never paused amid his sacred reasonings to affix his terrible brand upon the pride of heathenism, there would still have been abundant proofs of the abnormal wickedness which accompanied the decadence of ancient civilisation.' It stands indeed alone, self confessed and self-condemned. In its literature, in its art, graved on the gems of its Messalinas and Claudias, even on its coinage, are still to be read the unblushing records of its abominable shame. ' Out of thine own mouth,' quotes the author, 'will I judge thee, thou wicked servant ! ' and he thus pro ceeds to his easy yet painful task : — Is there any age of which the evil characteristics force themselves so instantaneously upon the mind as that of which we mainly learn the history and moral condition from the relics of Pompeii and Herculaneum, the satires of Persius and Juvenal, the epigrams of Martial, and the terrible re cords of Tacitus, Suetonius, and Dion Cassius ? And yet even beneath this lowest deep, there is a lower deep ; for not even on their dark pages are the depths of Satan so shame lessly laid bare to human graze as they are in the sordid fictions of Petronius and of Apuleius. But to dwell upon the crimes and the retributive misery of that period is happily not my duty. I need but make a passing allusion to its enormous wealth ; its unbounded self-indulgence ; its coarse and tasteless luxury ; its greedy avarice ; its sense of insecurity and terror ; its apathy, debauchery, and cruelty ; its hopeless fatalism; its unspeakable sadness and weariness; its strange extravagances alike of infidelity and of super stition. At the bottom of the social scale were the slaves — millions of miserable wretches, without human tie or hope, with no more right and less joy in life than the brutes. But little above them were the lower class of freemen, mostly lazy, loafing vagabonds, hanging about patrons' palaces for largesse, ready to shout any cry for 'bread and games,' revelling half the day in the filth of the theatre or the blood of the arena, and at night hiding their squalor and vice in garrets of huge lodging-houses, crowded and dirty as their London or Sydney counterparts of to-day. Side by side with this abject misery was exhibited, we suppose, the most splendid spectacle of selfish luxury that even this world of cruel contrasts ever saw. Every age in its decline, says the author, has shown the same contrast. ' Wealth a monster gorged, 'Mid starving populations.' but never to so startling a degree as in Imperial Rome There a whole population might be trembling lest they should be starved by the delay of an Alexandrian corn-ship, while the upper classes were squandering a fortune at a single banquet, drinking out of myrrhine and jewelled vases worth hundreds of pounds, and feasting on the brains of peacocks and the tongues of nightingales. As a conse quence disease was rife, men were shortlived, and even women became liable to gout. Over a large part of Italy, most of the freeborn population had to content themselves, * 'The Early Days of Christianity.' By Frederic W. Farrar, D.D., F.R.S., &c.; Second edition. Cassell, Pctter, and Galpin, London, &c;, even in winter, with a tonic, and the luxury of a toga was reserved only, by way of honour, to the corpse. Yet at this very time, the dress of Roman ladies displayed an unheard-of splendour. The elder Pliny tells us that he himself saw Lollia Paulina dressed for a betrothal feast in a robe entirely covered with pearls and emeralds, which had cost 40,000,000 sesterces (£432,000), and which was known to - be less costly than some of her other dresses. Gluttony, cap rice, extravagance, ostentation, impurity, rioted in the heart of a society which knew of no other means by which to break the monotony of its weariness, or alleviate the anguish of its - despair. ' On that hard Pagan world disgust And secret loathing fell ; Deep weariness and sated lust Made human life a hell. In his cool hall, with haggard eyes, The Roman noble lay ; He drove abroad in furious guise Along the Appian Way ; He made a feast, drank fierce and fast. And crowned his hair with flowers— No easier nor no quicker past The impracticable hours.' At the summit of the whole decaying system— necessary, yet detested— elevated indefinitely above the very highest, yet living in dread of the very lowest, oppressing a popula tion which he terrified, and terrified by the depopulation which he oppressed — was an Emperor, raised to the divinest pinnacle of autocracy, yet conscious that his life hung upon a thread,— an Emperor who, in the terrible phrase of Gibbon, was at once a priest, an atheist, and a god. Art, literature, eloquence, the theatre, even the Senate were all alike corrupted and depraved. The once warlike spirit of Rome's ' gilded youth' now ' drank delight,' instead of on the battle-field, in the cruel horrors of the arena. Family life, once the Roman's pride, became a scorn. It was held a necessary evil to marry: a misfortune to have a child. Divorce, unknown for 520 years, grew as common as to-day ia America. Women, says Seneca, as if writing of the modern Cincinnati, married to be divorced and were divorced to marry, and counted the years, like the heroine of Mr. H. James's last story, by the order — when they could remember it — of their ex-husbands. Even religion, the grand old Paganism of their fathers, was practically dead. ' Their official religion was a decrepit theogony ; their real religion was a vague and credulous fatalism which disbelieved in the exist ence of the gods, or held with Epicurus that they were careless of mankind.' All men agreed that the 'oracles were dumb,' and, says the author, alluding to the remarkable story of Plutarch, ' it scarcely needed the wail of mingled lamenta- tions as of departing deities which swept over the astonished crew of the vessel off Palodes to assure the world that the reign of the gods of Hellas was over — that ' Great Pan was dead.' ' If there were yet any of the virtue of the old religion to be found anywhere it was only in the thin ranks of the philosophers or the poets, where a Seneca, an Epictetus, or a Persius still showed to the prevailing iniquity a Stoic front. But Stoicism had but one support to offer — a proud disdain : but one note — despair ; and but one hope — death, in any event; and in the worst, as the one sure refuge against wrong and oppres sion — suicide. ' It was a philosophy,' says the writer, ' which was indeed able to lace- rate the heart with a righteous indignation against the crimes and follies of mankind, but which vainly strove to resist, and scarcely hoped to stem, the ever swelling tide of vice and misery. For wretchedness it had no pity ; on vice it looked with impotent disdain.' Even for the rich and powerful it had nothing to promise but ' a life of crushing sorrow ended by a death of complete despair.' On the other hand, says Canon Farrar, in a passage, in which it is difficult to know which the more to ad mire — the skill of the Christian advocate or of the literary artist, ' At this very same epoch, St. Paul and St. Peter were teaching in the same city to a few Jewish hucksters and Gentile slaves, a doctrine so full of hope and bright ness, that letters written in a prison with torture and death in view, read like idylls of serene happiness, and pæans of triumphant joy . The graves of those poor sufferers, hid from the public eye in the catacombs, were decorated with an art, rude indeed, yet so triumphant as to make their subterranean squalor radiant with emblems of all that is brightest and most poetic in the happiness of man.' A pre vious writer, Dr. Martineau, in his 'Hours of Thought,' has so beautifully referred to these rude carvings that we cannot refrain from giving the pas sage here : — There the ever-green leaf protests in sculptured silence that the winter of the grave cannot touch the saintly soul ; the blossoming branch speaks of vernal suns beyond the knows of this chill world ; the good shepherd shows from his benign looks that the mortal way so terrible to nature had become to those Christians as the meadow-path between the grassy slopes and beside the still waters. 'Two phrases,' says the author, 'sum up the characteristics of Roman civilisation under the Em pire — heartless cruelty and unfathomable corruption,' And now compare that frightful picture of the Pagan world with the opposite picture of the contemporary Christian Church: — To represent the Christian Church as ideally pure, as stainlessly excellent and perfect, would be altogether, a mis take. The Christians of the first days were men and women of like passions with ourselves. They sinned as we sin, and suffered as we suffer ; they were inconsistent as we are inconsistent, fell as we fall, and repented as we re pent. Hatred and party-spirit, rancour and misrepresenta tion, treachery and superstition, innovating audacity and unspiritual retrogressions, were known among them, as among us. And yet, with all their faults and failings, they were as salt amid the earth's corruption ; the true light had shined in their hearts, and they were the light of the world. The lords of earth were such men as Tiberius and Caligula, and Nero and Domitian; the rulers of the Church were a James, a Peter, a Paul, a John. The literary men. of the world were a Martial and a Petronius ; the Church, was producing the Apocalypse, the Epistle to the Hebrews, the Gospel of St. John. The art of the world was degraded by such infamous pictures as those on the walls of Pompeii ; that of the Church consisted in the rude but pure and joyous emblems scrawled on the soft tufa of the catacombs. The amusements of the world were pitilessly sanguinary or shamefully corrupt ; those of the Christians were found in gatherings at once social and religious, as bright as they could be made by the gaiety of innocent and untroubled hearts. In the world infanticide was infamously universal ; in the Church the baptised little ones were treated as those whose angels beheld the face of our Father in Heaven. In the world slavery was rendered yet more intolerable by the cruelty and impurity of masters; in the Church the Christian slave, welcomed as a friend and a brother, often holding a position of ministerial dignity, was emancipated in all but name. In the world marriage was detested as a dis agreeable necessity, and its very meaning was destroyed by the frequency and facility of divorce ; in the Church it was consecrated and honourable — the institution which had alone survived the lots of Paradise — and was all but sacramental in its Heaven-appointed blessedness. The world was settling into the sadness of unalleviated despair ; the Church was irradiated by an eternal hope, and rejoicing with a joy unspeakable and full of glory. In the world men wore ' hateful and hating one another :' in the Church the beautiful ideal of human brotherhood was carried into prac- tice. The Church had learnt her Saviour's lessons. A re deemed humanity was felt to be the loftiest of dignities ; man was honoured for being simply man ; every soul was regarded as precious, because for every soul Christ died ; the sick were tended, the poor relieved : labour was repre sented as noble, not as a thing to be despised : purity and resignation, peacefulness and pity, humility and self-deniml, courtesy and self-respect were looked upon as essential qualifications for all who were called by the name of Christ. The contrast is a strong one, and of course in some points ideal. The early Christian Church was not all ' that is here so elequently depicted, and Rome was not the ?world. But the difference does, no doubt, represent in the main what Christianity has done for man since those dark days, albeit it may be held that a similar contrast, but little lighter in shade, might not be impossible with the world of to-day. Between the Pagan civilisation of that day and the Christian civilisation of this there are more and closer points of resemblance than one quite cares to contemplate, and it is not altogether in our ? favour that the religion of the age is as old as the civilisation. It is not only off Palodes that the ' wail as of departing deities'' lias been heard in the air, and it is not only in Pagan Rome that poets and philosophers have found nothing better to oppose to the sin and misery of life than the cold contempt of the Stoic. But this has little enough t3 do with the early Christian?, now about to need all their virtues and more stoicism than the Stoics in their first fearful era of martyrdom. Space will not permit us to follow Canon FaiTar in his rapid, but brilliant, sketch of the career of the atrocious Nero. The last heir of generations of traitors and murderers, it seemed as if all the vices of his race had culminated in him for their final unparalleled display. Of his father it is said that he was ' detestable in every period of his life ;' of Ms mother, Agrippina the Younger, that *' after a life of crime «? Abnormal and so detestable that it throws into the shade even the monstrous crimes of many of her con temporaries, she murdered her husband, and was murdered by the orders of the son for whose sake she had waded through seas of blood.'' That eon was Nero ! Truly the Palace of the C.usars muet have been haunted by many a rastless ghost, and amid its vast and solitary chambers the guilty lords of its eplendour must have feared lest they should come, upon some spectre weepins tears of blood. In yonder corrrlor the floorwasfctill stained with the life-blood 'of the murdered Gains ; in that subterranean prison the miserable Drasus, cursing the name of his great-uncle Tiberius, tried ti as euage the pangs of hunger by chewing the stuffing of his mattress; in that gilded saloon Nero had bis piivate inter views with the poison-mixer, Locusta, whom he salaried among 'the instruments of hie government ;' in that «plc&did; hall Britannieus fell into convulsions after tasting bis brother's poisoned draught: that chamber, bright with the immortal frescoes of Arellius, witnessed the brutal kick which caused the death of the beautiful Poppa-a. Fit palace for the Antichrist— fit temple for the wicked human god ! — a temple which recked with the memory of infamies — a palace which echoed with the ghostly footfall of murdered Pages might be filled with the infamies of this, the last of the Ctesars ; but, as the author says, ' the depths into which he sank are too abysmal for utter ance. Even Pagan historians could not without a blush hold up a torch in those crypts of shame.' The ciime that so fatally connected him with Chris n .anity was the burning of Home, the blame of which iiightful cruelty he threw upon the Christians. It is at this point of bis career that Nero becomes a prominent figure in the history of the Church. It was this phase of cruelty which seemed to throw a blood- red light over hie whole ch&iacteiv-Esd;, led men to look on him as the very incarnation of the world-power in its most demoniac aspect— as worse than the Antiochus Epiphanes of Daniel's Apocalypse — as the Man of Sin whom (in language figura tive indeed, yet awfully true) the Lord should slay with the breath of His mouth and destroy with the brightness of His coming. For Nero endeavoured to fix the odious crime of having destroyed the capital of the world upon th& most innocent and faithful of bis subjects— upon the only sub jects who ottered heartfelt prayers on his behalf— the lloman Christiana. They wero the defenceless victims of this horrible charge : for though they were the most harmless, they were also the most hated and the most slandered of Jiving men. It was necessary that he should fix the horrible crime upon some one, for deadly suspicion was already directed against liimself. That the suspicion was well-founded there is no reason to doubt, and it is equally clear that in the sullen temper of the Roman people, a human sacrifice of some kind was impera tive if Nero himself was not to be the victim. Why the unhappy Christians should have been chosen, has never been quite made out. The historians of the time are silent, Tacitus simply saying that 'Nero exposed to accusation and tortured with the most ex quisite penalties a set of men detested for their enor mities, whom the common people called Christians,' Gibben supposes that they were confounded with the Jews, but the Jews at that time did not suffer, and it is in the Jews themselves that Canon Farrar, with much reason we think, finds the real authors of this atrocious iniquity. They were, he points out, by far the deadliest enemies the Christians had. Two Jews, or Jewish proselytes, Aliturue, an actor, and the 'harlot Empress' Poppoea, the latter under the influence of the un scrupulous Pharisee historian, Josephus (on whose base head, by-the-way, the author here and elsewhere pours the full vial of a just wrath) were just thea in highest favour at Court, ' shaping the whisper of the Throne,' and he asks, 'Does not historical in duction drive us to conclude with 6ome confidence that the suggestion of the Christians as scapegoats and victims came from them t ' That there was a deadly Jewish jealousy against the new religion is certain. Christianity was hateful to the Jews on every ground. It nullified their law. It liberated all Gentiles from the heavy yoke of that law, without thereby putting them on a lower level. It even tended to render those who were bom Jews indifferent to the institutions of Mosaism. It was, as it were, a fatal revolt and schism from within, more dangerous than any assault from without. And, worse than all, it was by the Gentiles confounded with the Judaism which waB its bitterest antagonist. While it sheltered its existence under the mantle of Judaism, as a religic licita, it drew down upon the religion from whose bosom it sprang all the iscom and hatred which were attached by the world to its «wn especial tenets; for, however much the Greeks and Bomans despised the Jews, they despised still more the be lief that the Lord and Saviour of the world was a crucified Malefactor who had risen from the dead. I Bee in the pro selytism of Poppam, guided by Jewish malice, the onlv ade quate explanation ot the first Christian persecution. 'Hers was the jealousy which had goaded Nero to matricide ; hers not improbably was the instigated fanaticism of a wroBdyte which urged him to imbrug, bis hands in martyr The charge once made, it was not difficult to find evidence to fit it. Temples had perished-and were they not notorious ene Buea of the temples ? Did not popular rumour charge them vnth noctarnal orgies and Thyestajan feasts? Suspicions el incendiarism were sometimes brought against Jews ; but the Jews were not in the faabit of talking, as these sectarie were, about a fire which should consume the world, and re joicing in the prospect of that fiery consummation. Nay more, when Pagans had bewailed the destruction of th aiyandtheloEBof the ancient monuments of Rome, ba ftot these pernicious people used ambiguous language, a though they joyously recognised in these events the sitrns o a coming end? B According to Tacitus, 'Those who confessed irerefirst seized, and then on their evidence a hug multitude {ingots multitude) were convicted, not e ? much on the charge of incendiarism as of their hatre 1 of mankind.'' It is curious that in that age of inhuman horrors this charge of ittcivissime should have been the most fatal that could be brought against any man. But, in truth, history delights in such grim irony. So in a later 'reign of terror1' all men were fellow ' citizens,'-' and so to- day the ' universal brotherhood of man' is proclaimed with assassins' knives and sal vos of dynamite. With what a refinement of cruelty, even for that cruel age, the punishment of these innocents ms carried out is Dest told in the terse sen-' *^» 01 Tacitus himself; but as a specimen of the author's eloquent style, at about its best, we take the story from Canon Farrar : ? «ii^^O8*?1Etawftdll0ei»e« once witnessed by the silent OM^fria the square before St. Peter's at Rome! Imagine '» ™2* 7® '^y «*Mse how vast is the change which Christianity has wrought in the feelings of mankind! There wnere t&e; vast dome now rises were onoe the gardens of »ero. nxey were thronged with gay crowds, among whom the Emperor moved in hie frivolous degradation; and on every «de were men dying alowly on their cross of shame. Along the paths of those gardens on the autumn nights were ghastly torches, blackening the ground beneath them with streams of sulphurous pitch, and each of those liviDg torches was a martyr in his ebirt of fire. And in the amphi * : v Jn?* by» 'm rieht of twenty thousand spectators, tarnished dogs were tearine to pieces some of the best and purest ot men and women, hideously disguised in the skins z5?01 ?l w°lv6B- ^us did Nero baptise in the blood of '?w8 the city which was to be for ages the capital of the Nor was this all— nor the worst. The specific atrocity of such spectacles—unknown to the earlier ages which they called barbarous— was due to the cold blooded selfishness, the hideous realism of a refined, delicate, jestbeticage. To please these 'lisping hawthorn buds,' theee debauched and sanguinary dandies, Art, forsooth, must know nothing of morality ; must accept and rejoice in a ' healthy animalism ;' must estimate life by the number of its few wildest pulsations ; must reckon that life is worthless without the most thrilling experiences of horror or delight! Comedy must be actual shame, and tragedy genuine bloodshed. * * * * ' * ? * It was the ultimate romance of a degraded and brutalieed society. The Roman people, ' victors once, now vile and base,' could now only be amused bv sanguinary melodrama. Fables must be made realities, and the criminal must gracefully transform his supreme agonies into amusements for the multitude by becoming a gladiator or a tragedian. Such were the spectacles at which Nero loved to gaze through his emerald eyeglass. And worse things than these—things indescribable, unutterable. Infamous my thologies were enacted, in which women must play their part in torments of shamefulness more intolerable than death . A St. Peter must hang upon the cross in the Pincian gardens, as a real Laureolus upon the stage. A Christian boy must be the Icarus, and a Christian man the Screvola, or the Hercules, or the Orpheus of the amphitheatre ; and Christian women, modest maidens, holy matrons, must be theDsnaids, or the Proserpine, or worse, and play their parts as priestesses of Saturn and Ceres, and in blood-stained dramas of the dead. No wonder that Nero became to Christian imagination the very incarnation of evil, the Anti Christ, the Wild Beast from 'the abyss, the delegate of the great red Dragon, with a diadem and a name of blasphemy upon his brow. No wonder that he left a furrow of horror in the hearts of men, and that, 10 centuries after his death, the church ot Sta. Maria del Popolo had to be built by Pope Paeeal II. to exorcise from Christian Rome his restless and miserable ghost ! But vengeance followed fast. The very excess of the tyrant's abominable cruelty defeated his own object and wrought his own ruin. Even in that guilty city there was heart enough left to feel that these atro cities were not executions, but fiendish butcheries — that, as Tacitcs himself says, ' the victims were being immolated not for any advantage to the community, but to glut the savagery of a single man.' Within a short period of this, his crowning crime and infamy, the cruel monster was a fugitive, and not till venge ful justice was at his very heels could he who had lived the life of a tiger muster up courage even to die like a cur. It was amid these terrible scenes that St. Peter and St. Paul both sealed their martyrs' faith. Tradition reports them as ha\ing been executed on the same day. They parted, it is said, on the Ostian way, and ' St. Peter was then led to the top of the Janiculum, where he was crucified, not in the ordinary position, but, by his own requeBt, head downwards, because he held himself unworthy to die in the same manner as his Lord.' Canon Farrar, however, is very properly suspicious of traditions, and especially of this one, of which, except as to the fact of the martyrdom, he does not believe one word. The notion of the Apostle's crucifixion head downwards, he condemns incontinently as 'a sentimental anachronism, bearing on its front the traces of later . and more morbid forms of piety rather than the simple humility of the ApostleB who rejoiced in all things to imitate their Lord.1' He is almost equally doubtful of the assertion that St. Peter was ever Bishop of Rome. That cornerstone of Romanism he dismisses as ' nothing but an ingenious theory,' and thinks it much more probable that bis ' bishopric'* at Rome consisted only in his efforts about the time of his martyrdom to strengthen the fainting faith of the Church. His final conclusion is that all we can really learn about St. Peter's closing years from the earliest fathers is that ' in all probability he was martyred at Rome.' With regard to the other Apostles, with the exception of St. John and St. James, the case is even vvoise. If we ask about the rest ot our Lord's chosen Twelve, all that we are told is of a most meagre and most uncertain character. The firBt fact stated about tk§ffi & tfeat luuy did not separate for 12 years, because they had been bidden by Christ in Bis parting words to stay' for that period in Jerusalem. Accordingly we find that up to that time St. Paul is the only ApoBtle of whose missionary journeys beyond, the limits of Palestine we have any evidence, whereas after that time we find James the Lord's brother alone at Jerusalem as the permanent overseer of the Mother Church. We are fold that, after the Ascension, the Apostles divided the world among themselves by lot for the purpose of evangelisation, and in the fourth century there was a pre valent belief that they had all been martyred before the destruction of Jerusalem, excepting John. This, however, can have only been an a priori conjecture, and there is no evidence which can be adduced in its support. The probability certainly is that they did 'go forth into all the world,' and preach and perish. It was their mission, their last command from their beloved Master ; and, as Canon Farrar himself points out, 'the extreme antiquity and marked Judeo-Christian character of Churches still existing in Persia, India, Egypt, and Abyssinia' ' are the best proofs possible that the command was obeyed. But whatever the fate of the first missionaries, it was happily ordained of some of them that, though dead, they should yet speak. In a mere literary sense, what would not have been the loss to the world if these immortal works had perished, with their im mortal authors, in the same silent obscurity. In a re ligious sense, it may almost be doubted whether Christianity, as we know it, would have been possible without them. Even including with the Gospels the works of St. Paul, the author holds that without the nine other Epistles ' the early history of the Church would have been reduced to a chaos of hopeless un certainties.' It weuld be impossible, of course, to follow the reverend author in his elaborate exposition of these nine books. Some he has retranslated, possibly to their literal, certainly not to their literary, advantage ; and all he has studied evidently with the labour of love as much of the literary as of the theo logical scholar. It is, indeed, because he has studied them as literature that he is able to express so well, not only the letter of their meaning, but the spirit, and to assign to each its own peculiar, so to speak, flavour and beauty. Sometimes in a few words, sometimes at length, but always with the happy touch of perfect sympathy and consummate art, the true note of the ?writer is struck, and hiB foil power sounded. Thus, the fiery energy and practical earnestness of St. Peter, the burning, withering passion of St. Jude, the stern, unbending spirit of St. James, the glittering rhetoric and majestic cadences of the author of the Epistle to the Hebrews, are all brought vividly to view, till he comes to St. John, the ' bosom disciple,' the spirit of whose writings was surely never better expressed than in this, to our mini admirable sentence : ' We have in his Gospel and Epistles the sweetest and loftiest utterances of Christian idealism — the strains, as it were, of divinest music in which the voice of inspiration died away.' We had marked several other passages for extract, notably the brilliant parallel between St. Paul and the supposed author of the Epistle to the Hebrews, Apollos, an admirable piece of literary criticism ; the beautiful description of the household of Nazareth and the character and martyrdom of St. James, the keenly critical estimate of Philo and the Alexandrian school, with many more. But space fails us, and after all they may be very much better read in the book itself. It is a book abounding in striking pictures of life and character, with much, perhaps too much, of the popular literary art known as word-painting, but also with much rare literary insight, and rising often with its theme to a 6train of lofty, impassioned eloquence worthy of its subject and of one of the first pulpit orators of the age. F. H. 