PUSEYISM, ob the OXFORD TRACT ART AN SCHOOL. By the late Lord Maoadlay. Meantime, one thin# is clear. The much boasted unity of the Church — that unity which Mr. Gladstone vaunts, and which Mr. Newman sorrowfully laments is not to be found 1 — (not agreeing, it appears, even as to whether they are disagreed)— is something like the unity of chaos. There was but one chaos, it is true, but in that one there was infinite con- fusion. Whether absolute unity be desirable, we have our doubts ; that it is impossible of attainment, we have none. We see the very men who have sworn assent to the very same documents exhibit almost every- variety and shade of theological opinion. From every zone, every latitude of theology, has th'o Church collected its specimens. Each ex treme, and all between, is there; from the mere ethical declaimer who has successfully laboured to expel from his discourse every distinctive trace of Christianity, except what may be found in the text and the.benediction, to the fanatic who suffers " grace " wellniffh to exclude " morality"— -from the most rigid Armenianism to the most rigid Calvinism — I from high-church dbctrines.like those of Land, to low-church doctrines like those of Hondley —from a theory of the sacraments like tlnit of Dr. Hook,. to a theory of the sacraments like that of Mr. Noel. 2. . The argumentum ad hominem, however, with which the Oxford Tractists (had they re stricted themselves to what seemed their original object) might have met their clerical .opponents, is of no avail against"- those— whether- in the Church or out of it— who have : not- sworn and subscribed an exanimo assent : to her public documents ; and further, as they; have not restricted themselves to that/ object,-' ; but have affirmed doctrines and developed a : theory- essentially inconsistent with , Pro- ; testantisiu, it is competent Jtb"evefybbdy to affirm that they do not of right-belong to the Church of England, though/: they remain within her pale, and -most unworthily eat her ! bread. . , : .. - Of this anyone may convince, himself who will take the trouble to examine the/Oxford. Tracts seriatim — more especially; those from Number ; Seventy to Number 'Ninety. But there are- two facts more easily appreciable by the public. The first is, that the Tracts have been, suppressed by authority — none can deny that. The second is, that the ablest and most influential Prelates have, in "Charges " and 'other publications, delivered their express testimony against them, in every tone of lamentation, reproof, rebuke: they do not disguise their mingled shame, sorrow, and consternation, that such doctrines should have been promulgated by clergymen of their own communion. Those who please may see this collection of testimonials set forth in the publication. " The Voice of the Anglican Church." Nor must it be forgotten that this series of testi monies derives additional force from the fact that there is so much in the Oxford-Tracts to gratify Episcopal vanity, and to strengthen Episcopal pretensions. Nothing surely but an imperative sense of truth and duty could have extorted them, in the face of the pleas ing adulations with which the "Tracts" abound. It is hard to be compelled to strike the parasite in the very act of sycophancy; and frequent and most fulsome was the flattery with which these right reverend men were assailed. Their office and prerogatives were studiously magnified ; they - were ad dressed in the humblest tones of awe and veneration ; 3 — they were compared to tho Apostles, not only in their office and dignity— but (let not the reader smile) in their suffer ings, 4 How pleasant for a worthy gentleman 1 In the English Churohwe shall hardly find ten or twenty neighbouring clergymen who ngreo together ; and that, not in the non-esseutials of religion, but as to what are its elementary and necessary doctrines ; or as to the fact, whether there are any necessary doctrines at all — any dis tinct and definite faith required for salvation." — Lectures on tho Prophetical Office of the Chnroh, p. 394. Again — " In the English Church, by l self, may bs found differences as great as those which separate it from Greece or Some." — p. 310. 2 The reader may see this point more fully treated in our Article on Gladstone's " Chureii and State," Vol. lxix. pp. 268 — 271. 3 " To them (the Bishops) we willingly and affectionately relinquish their high privileges ond honours ; we eneroaoh not upon the rights of the SrccBssoBs or the Apostles these are not our capitals ; we touch not their sword and crosier." Exalt our holy fathers, the Bishops, as the representatives of the Apostles and the angels of the Churches, and magnify your office as being ordained by them to take part in their ministrv." —-(Tracts, No. 1, p. 1. 4. Addressed, to the Clergy.) t 4 " Again, it may be asked, who are at this time the successors and spiritual descendants of the Apostles ? I shall 'surprise some people by the answer I shall give, though it is very clear, and there is no doubt about it — the Bishopb. They stand in the place of the Apostles as for as the office of ruling is concerned ; and whatever US ought to do, had we lived when the Apostles were alive, the same ought we to do for the Bishops. Me that despiseth them, despiseth the Apostles. But I must now mention the more painful part of the subject, i.e. the sufferings of tho Bishops, which is the second mark of their of princely revenue and' baronial dignity to be toldthat he is at the satne time a sort of martyr, and may aspire to combine the char acter of prince and anchorito in his own proper person. We have much sincere respect for the Bench of Bishops ; but amongst the marks of " apostolical succession," we certainly had imagined that " privations and sufferings " were not generally included. We repeat, then, that our Prelates have done themselves much credit in so loudly condemning this new heresy. We only hope that they will act con-/ sistently with their protests in the discharge of their public duties, and in the employment ' of their private patronage. ' In attempting to give some nccount of 'the principal opinions held by the new. School,, we do not mean to deny that some ' of them are held, with certain modifications, by- many.: who would strenuously remonstrate against being classed in the same category with its founders; nay, wo shall not charge5 alPwbo" avow a general coincidence withv holding every one to the same extent. : " Private judgment," proscribed as it1 has been, has been at work here too, and left these men little reason to boast of their unity. W» shall content ourselves with developing' the system as explained in the Oxford Tracts,' and in works avowedly written in approval or defence of them. Neither will our space permit us to attempt more than a general statement of the' opinions in question. Some of the particular doctrines most in favour with the Oxford Thelogoians. we have already pretty fully considered ;5 — and some others may, hereafter, come under out review. 1; These writers maintain, in its fullest in tegrity and extent,1 t)ie doctrines of Apostolical Successi6n;6 They affirm that the spiritual blessings of Christianity are, so far as .we, know or have any. right to infer, ordinarily restricted to the channel of an' Episcopally- ordained ministry ; that no minister is a true :member even of/ tliat ministry, unless found in' the. line of the succession— in other words, duly ordained by a Bishop duly consecrated ; ! whose- due' consecration again. depends on that of a whole series of Bishops from the time of. the Apostles ; that ministers not so ordained have no right to preacli the Gospel, and cannot, efficaciously : administer. 'the sacraments, let them-be as holy as they may ; that all who are so ordained may do both, let them'be as- unholy as they will ;7 that accordingly, Philip Doddridge and Robert Hall ; wore no true Christian ministers, but that, Jonathan Swift and Lawrence Sterno were. All this we know is vory mysterious ; but then, as the: Tracts Bay, so are many other, things which we ; nevertheless believe ; arid why not this ? it is better " to believe than to reason " on such a subject ; or believe, first and reason : af tor- wards. " Let us believe what wo do not see ; and know .. . . Let us maintain before we ' hake proved. This, seeming paradox 8 is the. ; secret of happiness/" Thus, seeing is not be lieving, as the vulgar suppose, but believing is seeing ; and you will, in duo time, know the " blosscdness " of such, child-like dooility.9 being our living Apostles. 1 may say, Bishops have undergone this trial in every age."— (No. 10, p. 3, B ; also .Vol. i., passim.) 5 See the - articles on Dr. Pussy's Fifth of November Sermon, (Vol. lxvi. p. 396.)— On Gladstone's " Ohuroh and State," Vol. lxix/ p." 231.— On Tract Number Ninety, April, 1841.— On the " Right of Private Judgment!" and : Sewell's Christian Morals," in the Number for Jan., 1842. 6 " Why should we talk..,.I1ao little of an Apostolio Succession ? Why should we not seriously endeavour to impress our people/ with' this plain truth (!)— that by separating them selves from our communion, they separate them selves not only from a decent, orderly, useful' society, but from the only Church in this realm which has a right to be quite sure she has the Lords body to give to his people." — Tracts, vol. i, No. 4, p. 5. " As Id the fact of the Apostolical Succession, i.e. that our present Bishops are the heirs and representatives of the Apostles by successive transmission of the prerogative of being so, this is too notorious to require proof. Every link in the chain is known from St. Peter to ©ur present Metropolitans. — No. 7, p. 2. Dr. Hook says, " We ask what was the fact and ike fact was this : that the officer whom we now call a Bishop, was at first called an Apostle ; although afterwards it was thought better to confine the title of Apostle to those who had seen the Lord Jesus, while their successors, exer cising the same rights and authority, though un endowed with miraculous powers, contented them selves with the designation of Bishops." It is the prerogative of men of this school to talk nonsense , but really Dr. Hook abuses his privilege. It reminds one of what a lady said to. Pellison, " Really, Monsieur Pellison, you abuse you sex's privilege — of being uglg. 7 "The un worthiness of man, then, cannot prevent the goodness of God from flowing in those channels in which he has destined it to flow; and the Christian congregations of the present day, who sit at tho feet of ministers duly ordained have the same reason for reverencing- in them the successors of the Apostles, as, the, primitive Churches of Ephesus and of Crete had for honouring in Timothy and in Titus the Apostolio authoritv of him who had appointed. them." — No. 5, p. 10, 11. 8 No. 85 p. 85. 9 "I readily allow," says, one Tractist on the-' doctrine of the Succession, " that this view of our calling has something in it too high and mysterious to be fully understood by unlearned Christians. But tho learned, surely; are '-just' as unequal to it. It is part of that ineffable mystery ' called in our Creed the Commuiiion;: of Saints; and, with all other Christian mystories. is above the understanding of all . ulikepiyet praoiically alike within, reach. of ull who are willing to em- brance it by true Faith." — Vol. i. No. 4, p. 6.' " It may be profitable to us; to: reflect, "that doctrines, which. wo believe to . be-'most; true, and : which are received as such by the most profound But it is. "necessary to dwell a little on: the arguments of the opposite party, in order to do full justice to the hardihood of the required act of faith. Whether we consider the palpable absurdity of this doctrine, its utter destitution of historic evidence, or tho outrage it implies on all Christian charity, it is equally revolting. ; The; arguments against it are infinite, the evidence- for it absolutely nothing. It rests not, upon one doubtful assumption, but upon fifty ; ( and; when these are compounded together, accord:;) ing to Whatley's receipt for gauging the force, of arguments, it defiles the power of any. calculus invented by man, to determine the, ratio of improbability. First, the very., basis on. ;whicli it rests — the claim of Episcopacy it8elf to .be considered undoubtedly, and ex-) clusivoly of Apostolical origin— has been most; fiercely, disputed by men., of equal erudition:,, and acuteness ; and, so: far as can be judged, ; of equal integrity and piety. When one re-- fleets how,; much . canibe; plausibly , and - in-;; eehioitslv. adduced: on .both. sides.; and., that it would require half a volume - only to - give, an; absti act of, the arguments,. one would; think': that , the only lesson; which. could or,, would tbe t learned, from .the controversy,, would ;,be itlio., duty of mutual .charity. ; and a -disposition to. concede that tbe.blessings of., Christianity, are, compatible with various systems,. of . Church, polity. . God, forbid , that we, , should foiv a moment admit, that they, are restricted to any one ! , v ,, But this first.propositiorij howcyer. doubtful,, is susceptible. of evidence almost, demonstra-. tivo, compared .with that. ,ofiieredv for. half, a dozen others involved in' the integral reception of ..the ; .dqctrino; of Apostolical ., succession. Accordihgly, tltere . are |tlipusands of . Episco palians, ' wlio', while /they/affirm a ppi$pondd£< anco of evidence on jbehalf'qf Episcopacy,; cbh.teniptu'ously:;fo'pudiate this incomprehenr'; sible dogma, ; of these, Archbishpp.Whppy H an illustrious. example. //'/I' V. 0 The theory isj' that'; (each.:iBish6p,frpin(lthe. Apipstolic tinies;; has' received in cohsecfatip a mysteridu's " gift," arid also .tiransmits dp. every.'. Priest '.in ' hisordiriatipn , a 1. mysterious " gift!;ihdicaied'ih; the/respective offices. by the awful words,' " Receive the Holy Ghost-;"10. that on) this, the . right of Priests -to assume: their functions, nnd;the preternntural grace of the sacraments : administered by them, de pends ; that Bishops, , once consecrated, in-, stantly 1 become a sort --of,: Loyden . jar ,,of spiritual < electricity, and, are jinvestcd- with, the remarkable, property of, transmitting, the. " gift," to 'others ; that this has been, tho case, from the primitive age till, now ; that, tins- high gift has been incorruptibly transmitted through the hands pfpurc, profligate, liereticdl. ecclesiastics, as ignorant and flugitious.as any- of their lay' contemporaries-; that, in -fact, these " gifts " arc perfectly irrespective of 'tho. moral character and .qualifications both ; of Bishop and Priest, and reside in equal in- tegrity in a Bonner or. a Cranmer— a Parson Adams, or a Parson Trulliber. 