EPITOME OF NEWS. ta. ae following Summary of Colonial events we carefnUy compile from tbe various Australian jonrnala to band Miss Blanche Stammers, the well-known actress, died at Melbourne last week. There was an assemblage of 2000 at her funeral. A man named Fraipoint, who was con victed of murdering another man in Vic toria by stabbing him with a pitchfork, was sentenced to death at the Ballarat Assizes last week. Over 70 per cent, of the Inmates of the Deaf and Dumb Asylum, Melbourne, maintain themselves. A man was fined £5 at the Adelaide Police Court, the other day, for shouting "Hallelujah, Amen" at the Salvation Army barracks. The Government of Tasmania has not yet decided on its policy with reference to the annexation question, and will not do more at present than give it a general sup port. The Government is not prepared to guarantee expenses. The general opinion of the action taken as to the New Hebrides is that it was premature. Frequent earthquakes in Tasmania have caused some alarm of late. News reached Koroit, Va., recently, of a terrible fatal shooting accident. Two men, named respectively Michael O'Keefe and Patrick Gleeson, were out shooting in a swamp near Macartbur, in company with a boundary rider. Before leaving the spot Gleeson tried to lower the trigger of his rifle. The weapon went off, and the full charge entered O'Keefe's head, kill ing him instantaneously. The two men were cousins. An enquiry was held by the coroner, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. Riverina squatters are importing large numbers of ferrets to cope with the rab bit nuisance. Eight pupils of the Blind Asylum, Melbourne, have been confirmed by Bishop Moorhouse. No less than 627 mothers in Adelaide have children in the destitute asylum. It is probable the meat industries of "Victoria will be represented at the Cal cutta Exhibition. Ten years ago export of wheat from ! New Zealand to England was considered \ madness. Now 100 ships are on the line, i and the exportation amounts to £10 per i head of the population of Lyttelton. , The Christcnureh Telegraph, inspeak : ing of Dr. Wilkins' operation of grafting t the cornea of a rabbit s eye on that of a ' blind man named Hamlin, lauds it as a I new physiological fact and the latest mi I racle of operative surgery. We have no I wish to disparage Dr. Wilkins' skill or de | tract from his merit; but the operation I he has performed is well known in the | home country, and been twice successfully ! performed in Sydney. It has never been a perfect operation ; for, after a few years, the substituted cornea in every instance. htts become dim and slightly opaque. But j even in this state it is of course greatly | preferable to total blindness. \- , The trial of Ah Eet, on the charge of I ordering a Chinaman in Little Bourke | street, Melbourne, has been postponed to i the next sitting of the Criminal Court in {August-* The'P.M. at Walgett has ruled that tossing or throwing dice for drinks in a , public-house does not come under the heading of gambling within the meaning . of the Act. ^he second Suez Canal Bcheme, pro • jed by Baron Do Lesseps, and accepted by the British Cabinet, is (says the Abgos) likely to engage the consideration of the Victorian Government. There is a feeling in commercial circles that the terms will jiot be advantageous to Anglo-Australian 'trade, and Mr. Service has received a te egram from the Associated Chambers of immerce of Great Britain to the effect ,t the arrangement will hamper Austra lian trade for the next 50 years, and ask oghim to protest against it. He does tot desire to take any action in the mat ar until he is acquainted with the nature of the proposals, and until he has been in formed definitely of the attitude of Vic torian merchants and others interested re garding them. The Melbourne Chamber of Commerce have been asked to state whether they have received any commu nications on the subject from the London Association, which sent the telegram re ferred to, and whether or not there is any Imposition in their chamber to the -ii'.eme. The Melbourne cor. of the Echo says : : —The very curious caBe in which the girl 1 Catherine Griffin was tried on chaiges of • forging and uttering begging letters in the , lame of Bliss M'Coy, daughter of a pro \- lessor at the University, ended in the way " A which it was expected to end, by the . icquittal of the prisoner. The hearing of lie case left on the public, and apparently -in the juty, the impression that some thing essential to a proper understanding i if it Was kept back ; that the prisoner had j omething to do with what seemed to be in undoubted case of attempt at fraud is uear, and yet she is found not guilty. H fie jury arrived at that verdict from be lieving that she was merely an instrument " tie question arises, Who were the princi rilals 1 Mr. Purves, as counsel for the de uce, was urgent on the prosecution to 1! Professor M'Coy and a certain Miss 'Crudden as witnesses, but this amiable uest was declined. The result was that unfavourable impression was left upon ,e mind of the public, bf The 12th of July was observed in Laun ton in some respects in the old fash Led Irish way. The correspondent of ^he Hobart Mbbcuby says :—" The pro is. ssion paraded the principal streets, and J as followed by hundreds of persons, very at any wearing orange ribbons, rosettes, if id flowers, while those opposed to them matters of faith sported the national it- ilour of Erin. As a result, there were a |j imber of annoying recriminations. As m ie procession was marching through tiarlea-street a bread cart profusely de rated with groen ribbons was driven into |e ranks. The driver was a Catholic, id his master, an Orangeman, was in the rocesBion. The latter uiged the police take the ribbons off the cart, but they wlined to interfere, and a brother rangeman was empowered by the owner aB i remove the obnoxious colours from the hide. The driver and one of his co o. tigionists objected, and there was every on ospect of a free fight, the disturbance |ing heightened by hootings from the ">wd. The green ribbons were torn off, ;t their champion left his seat upon the ihicle and " went" for his master. Ser ,nta Scott and Eddie, of the municipal lice, however, averted the threatened ,ult. In another portion of the town a in a gingerbeer cart annoyed an erly lady who displayed the Orange co irs, and she gave him a thrashing with r umbrella to the amusement of some ders. In the pavilion a drunken n named Fletcher rushed amongst the embled Orangemen, inviting all and ^Tdndry to fight him, but the police ran ij|u into the watch-house on a charge of llsturbing the peace." A curious discovery is alleged to have been made by a correspondent of the Hobart Mercury. He writes :—" Some time before I left London (two and a half years ago), I attended a sale of the effects of a gentleman who had long resided in the colonies, and been largely interested both in mining and agricultural matters. I visited this sale to buy some pictures I knew he had, and while bidding for two which hung against the wall, .the auc tioneer, an illiterate man, said, \ Here's a letter in a frame between these two pic tures, which I'll throw in; it seems to come from some cove who don't expect to live long, and writes in a dismal tone.' I bought these two pictures, and conse quently became the possessor of this lachrymose epistle. On their reaching my place I took this letter from its frame and read it with some difficulty, owing to its having faded much from age. What was my surprise to find that it was from the explorer, W. J. Wills, dated from Cooper's Creek, 27th June, 1861, and ad dressed to his father. It was a long and interesting letter, giving an account of his movements, his sufferings and disap pointmenta, and stating his conviction that he could only live four or.five days longer, but saying his spirits were ex cellent, and his religious views unchanged. It bore the stamp of a genuine document, and you can imagine I was very agreeably astonished to have so strangely obtained it." We extract the Following from the North Borneo Herald of May 1A Chi naman, whilst carelessly holding a re volver, accidentally shot a Bajau woman, who died immediately. The husband of the deceased and some of his' friends de termined to have the life of the China man, who was taken for safety to the Custom-house at Bongon and kept there that night The next day, however, the house was forcibly entered and the China man was hacked to pieces. The news having reached Kudat, the Assistant Resident sent off Inspector Foley and some Sikhs with a warrant to arrest the murderers. Tliey no sooner showed themselves than they were fired upon from one house by the husband of the deceased woman and his relations, the rest of the villagers holding aloof, many of them having fled into the jungle, while on all the houses were flying white flags in token of submission. The huBband and two men ran " amok" right into the force and were killed, but not before they had despatched two of the Sikhs, so sud den and unexpected was their onslaught. The remaining criminals thereupon took to flight. The S. H. Herald's special correspond ent, despatched to New Guinea, arrived safely at Port Moresby. The Echo reports an accident which occurred ou the 16th instant to John Hunt, a carter employed by Messrs. Topham, Angus, and Co., contractors for the water works. He was in charge of a two-wheeled dray loaded with long pieces of timber and drawn hy two hones. The animals made several attempts to bolt, but he managed to restrain them till he came to the top of a hill which he had to descend. He then took out the leader and led the one in the shafts by the head. It made another effort to bolt, knocked Hunt down, and capsized the dray, which fell on the unfortunate man's body. He lay so for some time before he was dis covered and extricated, and then he was brought down to the Sydney Hospital, where he was found to be suffering from a fracture of both bones of the left leg, and severe contusions of the leftside. A woman named M'Cormick was burnt to death at Perth, W.A., last week.' She fell upon a heap of shavings with a lighted match in her hand, while under the in fluence of drink, and was unable to get up again. A smart Customs seizure was (according to the Launceston Examiner) made on the last trip of the steamer Mangana to Launceston. A member of the Jewish persuasion named Morris Coen, steer age passenger by the steamer, was no ticed bringing ashore a rather respectable American travelling trunk, which,, in the possession of Mr. Coen, seemed to create an amount of suspicion in the mind of the Customs officer on duty. Mr. W. Dug gan, junior landing waiter, interviewed the owner of the trunk, which was or dered by Mr. Barnard, senior landing waiter, to the examination shed for the purpose of investigating the contents. Upon opening the trunk it was found to have a top layer of old clothes, and a lit tle lower down a cheering array of gold and silver watches and chains, bracelets, earrings, and brooches, and a quantity of other jewellery, mostly second-hand and of the well-known pawnshop description, valued at between £100 and £200. - Of course the detected one was exceedingly chagrined at his position, and made over tures to square up the " little matter," by offering several of the* officers a £10 note to " keep it dark." However, the 1 kindly offer was politely declined with i thanks, and the goods seized, Mr. Coen I leaving for Hobart. j The case of a woman named Mary j Coyle, who appeared before the Mel-; bourne City Police Court on Monday, the i 16th inst., was one that the magistrates -directed should be enquired into. The woman (says the Telegraph) was appre hended between 8 and 9 o'clock: on Sun day morning, by a police constable, as she was endeavouring to commit suicide by drowning herself in the Yarra. The policeman observed her walk on to one of the wharves and jump into the river, and the officer managed to fish her out She said she had been prompted to the act by the loss of a number of articles of wearing apparel which had been en trusted to her to wash and iron. She is a laundress, and during her absence from home her dwelling was broken into, and the articles carried away. The know ledge that she would not be able to make them good to their owners so preyed on her mind that she went off to the river. A person appeared in court and gave her an excellent character, and a sergeant who was present corroborated the statement about the house having been broken into, and said he had a warrant to search a house where it was surmised the stolen articles were. The Bench discharged Coyle from custody. The Manaro Mercury reports that on Sunday, at Nimitybelle, two children, sons of Mr. John Smith, Jun., were playing with some wood, when a log fell on the neck of one of the boys, kUling him instantly. Deceased was only one year and six months old. A telegram was received from Tennant's Creek, in the far North of South Aus tralia, last Friday, reporting the murder of a native shepherd by a number of na tives. The treacherous wretches stole upon him, and speared him unawares. The motive of the crime is supposed to have been revenge for some fancied in jury. A number of police hkve been despatched to the spot to search for the murderers, whose arrest is regarded as certain. Some time ago Bliss Franks, whilst on board the steamer Flinders, going up the Yarra, had one of her feet torn off by getting it caught in the steering chains. She subsequently brought an action for heavy damages against the Tasmanian Navigation Company, but the case has been settled by payment to her of ,£1500. A very sudden death occurred in Vic toria the other day. Bliss Blullens, sta tion-mistress at'Avoca, ran some distance in order to catch a train. After entering the carriage she became ill and died. The cause of death was fatty degeneration of the heart. Thomas Church, who was recently con victed at Melbourne of having embezzled the sum of -£1639 13s. 5d. from his em ployers, Mess is. J. and A. Brown, of Newcastle, was sentenced last week to three years' imprisonment. The Victorian Customs Department will buy a second-class foghorn for use at the Heads, in order to prevent wrecks as much as possible. The foghorn will cost over £1000. In addition, a large bell will be placed on the outer reefs to ring during a storm. The Western Australian press condemns the Government for cruelty toward the native prisoners in the Murchison dis trict. The number of magistrates and po lice is quite inadequate for the large tract of country between Murchison and Ash burton, and the natives have to inarch long distances in irons to the police sta tions. The Newcastle Herald says:—Several correspondents have sent in a deluge of manuscript re a passage of arms between Mr. Shaw (Mayor of Wallsend), and Mr. Alderman Owen of that municipality. Blows are said to liave been struck, and Mr. Owen is alleged to have been '' sent spinning amongst the chairs." So far, so good ; but as the matter may probably be investigated elsewhere, we have no par ticular anxiety to take up cudgels on either side ; or to prejudice the merits of the case by publishing any ex parte ver sion of the melde. In Goulbum last Friday morning a man named Shannon about half an hour after having taken four drinks, suddenly became stupid and apparentlyunconBcious outside the court-house. He was con veyed to the yard of the Commercial Ho tel, wherein he died in an hour. He was then taken to the morgue, and at the in quest in the afternoon, a verdict of " death from sanguineous ajtoplexy" was returned. A telegram from New Zealand on Fri day, appearing in the Herald, says:— The action for the recovery of £8000 da mages for illegal arrest and false imprison ment, brought by Mr. Hunt, ex-Premier of Samoa, against Sir Arthur Gordon, High Commissioner of the Pacific, was tried and concluded to-day before Mr. Justice Richmond and a special jury. After several technical points of law had been argued and decided, Hie Court hav ing ruled that Mr. Hunt was a British— and not a Samoan—subject, and, as such, liable to the authority of Sir Arthur Gor don, who had power to remove him from | Samoa, the only question really left for the jury to determine was the issue raised | as to the plaintiff's imprisonment or de- j tention for 27 days. The jury returned a I verdict on that issue only for £100 da- i mages, adding, through their foreman, an I expression of regret that the withdrawal ; of so many issnes on legal points had de- : barred them from giving the plaintiff more substantial damages. At the Central Police Court, Sydney, on Friday last, an ex-detective named Ralph Riley was charged with corruptly accepting a reward for the recovery of stolen property without endeavouring to bring die offender to justice. The prose cutor was a fanner named Heniy Wilson, who lost a gold and platinum breast-pin in a disturbance that occurred in a billiard room. In consequence of a letter he re ceived from Riley he paid him £3, and recovered the pin. Riley was committted for trial. The Melbourne Chamber of Commerce has intimated to the Chief Secretary that it has no ground for objection to the pro posed second Suez Canal. Mr. Service will reply to the communication recently received by him, that until fully made aware of the arrangements between the British Government and Baron de Lesseps he can take no action. The Melbourne police have discovered that the Chinaman Ah Ket, who is accused of the murder of Ah Young in Little Bourke-street, is a notorious criminal, and used to knock about the Chinese camp at Hepburn ten years ago. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for lar ceny in 1878, to three years' imprisonment for having stolen gold from a mine, and he also served a similar period for a mur derous assault upon another Chinaman named Ah Foo, whom he cut and hacked with a tomahawk during a quarrel about a female frequenter of the camp. Steps are being taken to have the prisoner identi fied. Mr. English, the landlord of the Crick eters' Anns Hotel, Newcastle, was shot accidentally in the leg last week. A bul let from a revolver went through his calf. The Protector of the Aborigines has furnished 200 suits of clothing for the na tives in the Grafton district. A deputation from the Brisbane Cham ber of Commerce waited upon the Min ister for Works for Queensland last week to present a petition with reference to the high railway tariff on the Southern and Western lines compared with the rates ruling on the Now South Wales lines. The deputation argued that, owing to the difference of charges, much trade from the South-western districts goes to the ad joining colony, the squatters finding it cheaper to send their wool to Syduey, and get their stores from thence, than send it to Brisbane, thus depriving the colony of a large amount of trade. In proof of this the deputation adduced the large increase in the border duties. The Hon. A, Nor ton, in replying, argued that it would be unfair to the rest of the colony to carry goods on the Southern lines at lower rates than on the other lines. He stated that many places whose trade it was sought to secure were as near the New South Wales markets as to our own, and it did not fol low that, even with the reduced rates, they should Bucceed in their object. He showed that a good deal of the New South Wales traffic came from Stanthorpe, and he strongly deprecated anything like a war of tariffs. The real question was whe ther a larger revenue would be derived by reducing the rates. He was much dis posed to doubt that it would, as the re duction would have to be large to induce the traffic to pass over the Queensland line which how goes over that of New South Wales. Probably within the next two or three months he would be able to go through the whole of the railway rates, when he hoped to make some alterations which would render the tariff more gene rally equitable; but he would make no promise of reduction. A cable message Bom London last Fri day says that Haitian beat Wallace Ross in the sculling race by twenty lenerths. An offer has been made to the Victorian Government by a French inventor to sell for £2000 the patent of a gas, intended for the destruction of rabbits, the reward to be paid to him on the complete annihi lation of the pest. The inventor pro poses to keep his-patent a secret under the protection of the Australian Govern ments, as be claims that it might be used with terrible effect on a body of men in war or in case of revolution. At the Pott Augusta, S.A., races last week a shocking fatal accident happened. M'Sorley, the rider of Hawk, came down at the first fence, and the home falling on him, smashed his chest, and he died shortly afterwards. The horse also was seriously hurt. A fatal mining accident occurred in the Long Tunnel mine, at Walhalla, Va., a few days ago. A miner named James Dunsly was accending the shaft. He had given the signal to haul up the cage, but it was unfortunately misunderstood. He left the cage to repeat the signal, and was about to re-enter it, but the cage had risen without him, and he fell down the shaft, a distance of 200 feet. He was in stantaneously killed. His body was taken up fearfully mangled. Four prisoners were flogged at Pent ridge, last week for indecent assaults. E. C. Paroz, a jeweller in large busi ness at Toowoomba, has been sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment with hard labour for fraudulent insolvency. The judge referred to the cleverness of the frauds and the excellent way in which the official assignee had worked up the evidence. News has just arrived from the Snowy River (says the Melbourne Telegraph of Wednesday) of the death of a young man supposed to be named Kemp, and to be a native of Cornwall, in the employ of Messrs. Burns and Bruce, selectors, through being crushed by the falling of a tree he was assisting to cut down. The deceased, in company with another young man, was felling the tree for the purpose of firewood, and on finding the tree mov ing both ran to get clear. The deceased's companion just succeeded iu getting out of reach, but the deceased was struck by the top limbs of the tree, and was killed instantly. At the burial of Mr. P. Curtain, an old and respected resident of Sandhurst, painful scene occurred. The deceased had belonged to the Catholic denomina tion, and was also an Oddfellow. Seve ral prominent members of the latter body attended the funeral in their regalia, and were met at the cemetery by the Catholic priest who had been appointed to officiate at the burial ceremony. The latter, on seeing the Oddfellows in their regalia at once expressed his displeasure, and re fused to give to the remains of the de ceased the customary rites of interment. He drove off in a buggy, despite an ap peal from several persons present who en treated him to return. The Hon. James Service has received a letter from a gentleman in London, stat ting that if the colonies persist in their agitation in favour of the annexation of | the Pacific Islands the attainment of their object will be assured. Thus the Echo :—What a very conve nient phrase that is—" As soon as I have obtained full information on the Bubject, I will lay it before my colleagues." By this means almost every subject is made to as sume the importance of a Cabinet ques tion. It is this system of centralisation that should make the Government and the country anxious for reform, which will take the brakes off the wheels of local progress, and relieve the Cabinet from the pretences of compassing details im possible to any Government with a ter ritory as large as that of New South Wales. The Nelson correspondent of the Otago Times states that Joseph Hedley, a well known drover, lost his life under peculiar circumstances. Deceased and two others were engaged in crossing a mob of sheep over the Waipawa River. It was a bit- | terly cold day, and a high wind was blow- j ing. The sheep were exceedingly trouble some, many of them having to be carried. The men were working from 5.30 a.m., and it was 3.30. p.m. before the last of the sheep were got over. Deceased (Hedley) then fell exhausted into the river. The lower part of the body was quite congested when it was recovered. He was carried to a hotel at Waipawa, and medical assistance instantaneously obtained, but without avail, Hedley suc cumbing at 8.30 p.m. The finding of the district meeting in the Osborne heresy case was as follows :— " Resolved—1. That, after hearing Mr. Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His atonement for sin by His death in the Deity of the Holy Ghost in the plenary inspiration of the Holy Scriptures, and in the efficacy of prayer ; having heard also his declaration of sincere attachment to Methodist doctrines generally, as embo died in our acknowledged standards, we cordially accept his statements as full and satisfactory. At the same time, we re gret that his method of presenting these truths is at times so inexact as to produce the impression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine. 2. In refer ence to the sermon delivered in the York street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, 1883, on Roman Catholicism, we are convinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism, as held by the Methodist Church ; yet, from the evi dence, we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so unguarded in his statements as to appear, to advance doctrines not in harmony with our stand ards." There was landed at Sydney last week, from the barque Cynisca, the trotting stallion Perfection, a handsome five-year old brown horse, by Coker's Perfection from a mare by Old Phenomenon. Like Marvel, Perfection was selected by Mr. Thomas Yeo for the stud of Mr. G. S. Yeo, Mulgrave. The Cynisca had a very tempestuous passage, and the celebrated horse Marvel, a shipmate to Perfection, was killed. Despite his rough voyage, however, Perfection appeals in excellent form. He is a very good specimen of the English trotting breed, perhapB the best that has landed on these shores. It re quires a show ring to test such horses. Lacking this, it may be said that Perfect ion is a horse which deserves veiy high commendation. Will Honeycomb in the Dubbo Dis patch says :—A peculiar phase of servant gal is in has been related to me. I can't say that anything on the head would as tonish me. Servantgalism is fruitful in vagaries. Just before the last holiday, a well-known butcher's shop in this town was visited by the " maid of all work" of a Macquarie-street family. '' Look here," said the help, " Don't send us any bloom ing meat to-morrow. I want to go out and have a look at the football match." No meat came, and it was not for weeks after that the persons principally inter ested were made aware of the reasons whv. A strange case of suicide occurred' at Melbourne last Thursday. A young man named Edward Greenfield, 22 years of age, who has been for some little time living in a large temperance hotel in Mel bourne, proposed to a young lady resid ing in the same house. As he had only been staying there a short while, the lady refused his ofler, which affected Green field to such an extent that shortly after wards he entered a room in which the lady was sitting with a revolver in his hand. The young lady in terror ran out of the room. Greenfield then placed the revolver to his head, fired, and killed himself. He is said to be respectably connected, and in easy circumstances. The Sydney cor. - of the same journal Bays :—We have little to excite us just now in Sydney. There is a dead calm, but those who are supposed to be judges, say it is only the lull preceding a rough political storm. Sir Henry Partes is on the broad waters of the Pacific, and he and Archibald Forbes are no doubt com paring notes. Sir John Robertson is in undivided control of the opposition, and the general impression is that tins is rather an advantage than otherwise. I am prepared to believe myself that Sir Henry's absence is more dangerous to the Stuart Ministry than anything that could have occurred. There are many who will support Sir John Robertson, who would not back him up while he was combined with the knight of Faulconbiidge. Also:—The new batch of magistrates will soon be gazetted. The general im pression among most intelligent men is that the want of the colony is not more magistrates, but less of them. What is required is the present Commission re vised—purged of many of the mule-heads who are in it. Sir James Martin once is sued a new Commission. No Minister has since had the pluck to follow hiB ex ample. Certainly his courage lost him office. It may be that Ministers now-a days are wiser in their generation than was Sir James. Mr. W. B. Christie, licensed surveyor, the well-known lecturer and writer on the land question, has forwarded a chal lenge to Mr. T. Garrett, M.L.A., to pub licly debate the principles enunciated by the latter gentleman in his recent lecture on the land question at Albury. We (Tarnworth News) have very great pleasure in announcing that, through the instrumentality of his worship the Mayor, Mr. John Gill, M.L.A., has signified his intention of contributing a sum of £500 towards the Building Fund of the pro posed new Tamworth Hospital. No words of ours are needed to emphasise such an act of splendid generosity oil the part of our worthy member, but we may say that, at the present moment, when the Hospital Committee have issued an appeal to the charitable, the munificent gift pos sesses a double value, inasmuch as it sig nifies as plainly as possible "example is more forcible than precept." The following is a copy of the resolu tion passed at the instance of Mr. J. E. Redmond, at a meeting of the Victorian Central Branch of the Irish National League, on 9th June, and forwarded to the other branches in Australia :—"That, in order to establish the Irish National League in Australia upon a broad and firm basis, we hereby declare the advis ableness of holding a convention of dele gates from all the branches in the colonies in Melbourne in the month of September, prior to the departure for home of Mr. Redmond, to consider how best to for ward the interests of the movement in Australasia." 