COROWA. A magisterial enquiry was held before Captain Hare, P.M., on Saturday last, on the body of man (name unknown) who was found dead in a hut on the Collendina Hun. From the evidence of Mrs. and Mr. Sefton, who keep a wine-shop about 200 yards from the hut, it appears that deceased first went to the place on Wednesday and asked for some bread* Some flour was given him, and be went to the hut. On Thursday he again visited Mrs. Sefton, and asked for some pills, as he felt pains in his stomach. Mrs. Sefton advised him to go to Corowa, and he said he would. He did not go, and on Friday morning he was found near the Collendina Lagoon insensible. He was taken back to the hut, where he soon afterwards died. Everything was done by Mrs. Sefton to alleviate the man's sufferings, but without avail. Dr. Carroll, who made a pott* mortem examination of the body, said that tbe deceased was about 60 years old, and that three or four inches of the surface of the stomach was diseased from inflammation. The liver was also extremely diseased, and there was great enlargement of the gall-bladder, caused by the impactment of a large gall- stone in one of the ducts. The magistrate gave a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony—that deceased died of disease of the liver. Great complaints are coming in from stockdrovers and the residents of Burraja and Coreen at the neglect of tbe Government in not providing tanks before this in that vicinity. Petitions have been Bent down repeatedly, but no notice seems to be taken. About four tanks been Urana and Corowa would provide for all and save the lives of a few thousand sheep per annum. Surely this would be as good a cause for our members to work in as the customs returns. The distribution of prizes to the children attending the pablic school took place on Saturday. Mr. Riley, the head teacher, addressed the parents present, and said the result of the children's concert had given nearly £20. About £10 of this had been had out in Xlsfcfal works as prizea, and after paying all meMM there would be a balance ot nearly £o. Thia be intended to lav out in a gymnasium for the girls, as bi considered the latter should have exerdBe for their muscles 0 " 8 , the to ys. On the present occasion he had adopted the rule of the old school boards, in giving prizes to those who had progressed. He had noticed in school prize distributions of late that the smartest boys took the prizes, while a dull boy who worked hard got none. Mr. Bray then distributed the prizes to 96 of the scholars; a number of "specials" were also awarded for attendance and industry. At the conclusion Mr. Bray called for three cheers for Mr. Riley, which was heartily responded to. The fame of the Rutherglen lunatic has reached Corowa, and all the talk is about the ghost. On Monday night, after practice, about 17 of the fire brigade men determined to go up to Rutherglen at midnight and ''lay the ghost" On arriving within about a milefrom RutheTglen the coach was deserted, and widelyspread parties went in search, and although it was rumored the night before he had made 30 of the Rutherglen boys, headed by an officer, run for their lives, on Monday night there was " method in hie madness," for he did not show up—luckily, or he would have met with a very warm reception from the C.F.B. Some persons are beginning to suppose that it is a hoax perpetrated by a man who may be found out to be more "r" than " f." If caught, he ought to be punished for frightening people. Some time since a lawn tennis match was played between Corowa and Collendina, and the news appeared in print immediately the match was orer that Corowa had won every set. About a fortnight ago a match took place between Corowa and the representatives of Collendina and larramia stations, with the following result, which may account for the news not spreading so rapid!}' in Corowa, and the Boot being on the other loot:—Messrs. Hay and M'Pherson (Collendina) played Messrs. Came and Boot two sets, and the former were victorious in both ; Messrs. Gray and Hiuton (Tarramia) played Messrs. Carroll and Jhonson two seta, the former being victorious in both. About 12,000 store sheep from the Adelaide border, bound for Narandera via TJrana, passed through Corowa on Monday. At present there are no tanks on this main road to Urana, so that the drivers will have to depend on the lessees of the stations. Complaints are being heard of insufficient accommodation at the Quat Quatta provisional school, presided over by Miss Glazebrook. This school partakes more of the character of of a shepherd's hut than a school, and last week no less than 25 scholars were crowded into it, and the neighbors worked together and made a shelter ot boughs &c.;, for the children. On the other band, on my laBt visit the large school at Redlands only had five scholars in it, and I hear it is the intention of the Department to close it. The late teacher, Mr. Middleton, resigned his duties and went to Sydney last week. If the Redlands school is not to be opened again, it might be removed and placed in a more central spot to meet the requirements of the parents at Quat Quatta and Redlands. The Granville school has been ready for the reception of a teacher for some months, but up to the present no one seems to have been appointed. A lawn tennis match was played on the Melbourne Tennis Ground on Thursday, between Messrs. Henry Hay (Collendina) aud N. Gray (Tarramia) against Messrs. Dickens and Colville, of the Melbourne club. The Corowa district representatives won by 15 games to 3. 