GHOSTS. ************* [DAILY NEWS] Everybody has by this time heard of the "ghost" which did or did not haunt Mr Bolt's studio, and it seems that the belief in such ghosts is not uncommon among those who have to do with sculptors. An index maker or any other very guileless person would probably put this down in the same article with the vices which Robin Goodfellow and other amiable spirits are known to have rendered, and which Michelet, as all readers of " La Sorciere " remember, attributes to a less disinterested class of beings. The sculp- tor's ghost, however, is not to be sup- posed to be a survival of this kind, though it must be admitted that a familiar of the sort would be very useful to a class of artists who depend more upon other people's skill than any other class. A sculptor might almost be tempted to advertise in the gazette of fairyland for an assistant who could model and "point," sketch cartoons, and work up clay. The gossip of the studios, however, is not quite so un- sophisticated. Nor would it be fair to sculp- tors to suppose that they stand alone in the charitable or uncharitable suggestion of " ghosts." The anecdotic history of literature and art is full of such suggestions. Ghosts wrote Homer and Shakspeare, or at least if they did not a great many peo- ple are never tired of telling us so. Ghosts did all the best parts of Dumas' novels, and these were very funny ghosts indeed; for though their identity was loudly proclaimed, they never were able, out of the character of ghosts, to do anything in the least resembling what they were supposed to do in it. The stronger language of the legal pro- fession calls a " ghost" a " devil," and the legal ghost of this kind undoubtedly exists and does much work, of which, with the frankness incident to the diabolic and legal profess- sions, very little secret is made. Very odd ghost tricks are played to and by the modern dramatist, if we may trust newspaper corres- pondence on the subject. Indeed, the modern dramatist and his ghost got so mixed up in these narratives that it becomes difficult to tell which is which. In the sister art to sculpture ghosts are also heard of, but indistinctly. They do not exactly speak and gibber in the public streets, but only hint that 'they "put in the figures," or "did the drapery." Acquaintance with ghosts has even been charged against certain English novelists, with something of the same difficulty resulting which has been noticed in the case of Alexander the Great. It is a curious thing that though poets are terribly jealous of one another they very rarely — a sonnet of Shakspeare's is an exception — accuse each other of commerce with ghosts. We never heard the most unsaleable minor bard suggest that Aldworth or Farringford was haunted. The reason of this may be sought in the peculiarities of the poetic character, but it is too intri- cate to explain here. One of the most un- kind insinuations of ghost-using in literature occurs in Montesquieu. A learned judge had just published a learned judgment, and his professional friends were plying him with remarks, to all which he replied by referring them to the judgment itself, where they would find it all written in excel- lent Latin. Whereupon, said a friend, " The Latin is indeed excellent, and I question whether the Jesuit who so often comes to see you could have written better." So that the ghost theory was evidently known in France in the early part of the last century. Indeed, it is one which is extremely likely to be developed in any profession where there is a good deal of competition, where the prizes are great and the ordinary earnings small, and especially where a certain amount of col- laboration is usual. Which things being con- sidered it is not at all surprising that ghosts should be supposed to haunt sculptors studios with particular frequency. They are not usually very cheerful places; but Dickens long ago pointed out the inscrutable fancy of ghosts for haunting places which were not cheerful. — Daily News. 