DOHAL GRANT/ BI QEOUQE MAODONALD. . Author or Alec I'oroes, Malcolh, Ao., Ac. Ciiaeter XLYI. Moral madness, cupidity, cruelty, aud I am old fashioned enough to tliink, immediate de moniacal temptation working in and on a mind that had ceased almost to distinguish bo- tvvecn tho real and the unreal — and that not merely ns every man who bendB tlio energies of nn immortal spirit to further the ends and objects of his lower nature, fails so to distin guish, but as one unable, during considers able portions of bis life, to tell whether thing- took place outside or inside him, content .to arguo that what equally affectod him had an equal right to be regarded as actually existent, and forgetting that there yet remained the fact that tho existences were at least of dif ferent natures, having different laws ami-in volving different demands upon tho two con- soiouBRessc3 — had culminated in a hideous plot, in which it would be hard to say whether folly, crime or cunning predominated, aud the .earl had inndc up his mind that, if tho daugh ter of' his brother should continue to refuse to carry out what he assorted and probably, be lieved to have been tbo wish of hor father, and marry lier cousin, she should, provided there were another world to go to, go -there before him, and leave her property to the son in whom lio had resolved to make up to hia mother for the wrong lie had dono licr ; whilo, if there were no other world, in which to be consoled for the loss of this, there were jot tho words of Hamlet to quote — "Since no man has auglit of what he loaves, what is't to leavo betimes !" — in other words, she would be no worse tban sho would of necessity havo - been, when the few years of her natural earthly pilgrimage were over ; and tho differ- once to her was not worth thinking of beside the greatness of the stako to him. But at the samo tima he hoped a littlo fright would serve, and she wonld consent to marry Forguc to escapo tho fato sho shonld soon see hanging over her — in prospect of , which probability lie took care that Forgue should not bear -a blamo fit to render it all but impossible she should afterwards learn to lovo him, sending him out of tlie way to London. The moment Donal was gone ho began, therefore, to make kimsolf pleasing a; ho had well known how in his youttr, and soon had reason to bo satisfied that interest could yet rouse smoothing in him of tho old gift of pleasing ; with the advantage of tho loving projndiee of a dutiful nieco, it was not difficult for hitn to overcome, or at least to hold at abeyance, the . distrust of him which had for some time keen growing rather than diminishing in her mind, and he prevailed upon hor, and that without much entreaty, to consent to accompany him to London— morely for a month or so, ho said, whilo Davio was gone. Ho would tako her here and take her there, and introduce her to the best aociety in tho capital. Sho did not expect, much from his so undortaking ; but the prospect of a(jain seeiug London, where sho had not been smco sho was a littlo girl with her fnthor. had its attractions for her imagination, and she con sented — not, however, without ' writing to Donal to communicate tho fact ; her letter, it ia hardly needful to ask how, never reached him. . Tho carl arranged, in order, as he said, to show his recognition of her sweet compliance, that they should post it all the way ; nobody now-a-days, ho said, ever saw anything of his own country. Sho should — for he would tnko her by the road be used to travel himself wlion he was a young man, aud railways were in tlioir infancy ; sho should judge for herself wlicthor wo liad not lost much of far moro value than anything gained by mero rapidity — which, indoed, only mado life itself scorn so much tho shorter. He sent Simmons before him, and contrived that almost as soon as ho himself was gone Mrs. Brookes should lecoivs a letter from the clergyman of the parish iu a remote part of Caithness where her mother, now a very old woman, lived, saying that sho was at tho point of death, and could not die In poaco till she had seen hor daughter. The wuoie unng was uie wont oi a uis.iui.in — u.\\- cellently contrived for the immediate object, but haviug no outlook into tho dangers of the future. Mrs. Brookes had at oncooboyod and cone. He knew that she would leavo.somo ono in the house, but ho knew also who (hat waa likely to be — namely, old deaf Jean Lob- ban ; thia was an advantage for his plot. After tho first niglit on the road, ho turned across country, and a littlo towards home; after the next night, lio drove straight back. As it was by a different road, Arotura sus pected nothing. When tlioy had got within a few hours of the castlo, they stopped at a littlo Inn for tea, aud there he contrived to givo hor a dose of ono of those drugs ho had with him. At the noxt place he represented hor as his daughter with whom, booause of A sudden illness, be was anxious to reach home, liowover late. Ho gavo an imaginary name to tlio place, and kopt on the laab poBt boy, who know nothing of tho country.. He, know- Pulrtishodby special arranjoinonts with tbo author AU rights reserved! big It .well from old time, gave directions that completely bewildered him, and he set them down at their own castle door supposing it to be an altogether different placm and in a dif ferent port of the country ; it was a kind of tiling quite' aftor tho Earl's own heart, for he delighted in making a fool of his fellow '"feortal. Lost of all, he sent him away bo as altogether to avoid tho town, where alone, so far as the outlook of the Earl went, it was of .Importance that nothing should transpiro of his return. "How he could effect what followed I hardly ' know j but ho bad tho remains of groat ' strength, and when under certain influences, 3hick'he knew liow to mannge, was for the mo almost as strong ns he hail ever been ; he contrived to get her up to his room on tho stair, and through the oak door. ' ' He had previously made preparations in the chapel with his own hands, and his own hands \- only;' All was in beautiful readiness ; while . : the prospect of what ho woe going to do and witness woke - no nnpleosing recollection of former cruel delights, and mado him for the . -moment feel almoet young agaiD. So far he .hod carried out tho programmo ho had drawn iup 1 Ciiapter XLVTI. When Aroturawokc from herunnatnral sleep, she did not at first even trouble horselfto think where sho was. But as she came to herself, sho tried of course to localise herself. Tho last place she could Tecall was tho little inn where -they bad their tea ; sho must have been taken ill, she thought, and was now in tho room of tho same; It was quite dark, and she wished they had left a light by her. She seemed to ' lie comfortably enough ; but she had a sus picion that it was but a very poor place, not over clean, and was glad to find that sho lay 'in hor clothes. Thus thinking sho turned on "her side ; somcthiug pulled her — something on her wrist. She did not remember that she ' -. -hn'd been wearing n bracelet, but Bhe must have "one on, anil it had got. entangled in the cover let sotnih-vw. She tried to unclasp it, but she could find no way, neither from tho shapo of the thing could remember which of her . brace lets it was. And there was eomothing 'attached to it. It felt like a chain — a thick chain. It was very odd. What conld it mean? She did l ot yet tronble herself, how ever,' but lay quietly coin ng to fuller con- '.sciousnesB. Then she became aware of what had'been pressing on her unready recognition '—namely, a strange air, rather than odor, in . vthe room. It was by no means definite ; yet ' she thought she had smclled it before, and not very- long ago. Suddenly it flashed upon her that it was the Binell of the lost chapel. But ' ' -that was at home in the castle, and Bhe had left that two days before. She would have started up. Tho dows of agonised horror wero rolliog down her face. She was pulled hard by the wrist. Sho cried on God. Sho wbb 'lying where that heap of dust had Iain. She was manacled with the same 'chain in which that "woman died hundreds of years ago. For 'cue moment her bciugso recoiled from the hor- 'tor that she seemed oil the very verge of mad- -lress. "But surely madness, if it be any, is not ' the sole refuge of humanity from terror. When -torture grows too great, the sensorium finds ' "fefnge 'u insensibility: it refuses to bear more: ' something nnnlogons lies, I think, within tho mental sphere. But there is indeed another ' 'and'better refuge. In proport'on as he iB nd- "raitted and dwells in the human soul, God is 'the'presont help. In the time of trouble with lim in the house we not only need fear nothing, 'bnt that' ll there which in its own being and hature'easts out fear. Such a sense of nbsolnto helplessness came upon Arctur.x that Bhe felt ' — rweak in her endless claim upon the protection of her original, the sonrce of her being, And " what sooner would God have of his children : than their preferring of Buch claim ? He is always':ciilling them as his children, and when 'tl.oy cnll'to him ns their father, tbch and not " ' till thtn is he satisfied. And with that sense ' awaked in her there fell upon her a kind of sleepCwltich yet was not sleep, bnt a repose such as might be the sleep of a spirit. "By degrees it departed, and her senses grew . ' ; more and more awake. She recalled her feel- . - '.ihgs "when first she came down into the place, ; "and pictured to herself exactly what the dark- ' ncse wi3 hiding from her. The tide of terror _ ; ; began' again to riBO, and soon threatened to become altogether monstrous. She reasoned "with herself that she had been safely ' i-rought through its'first and ino-t dangerous ' .urbad, but reason coald not outface- terror. ' ' Then first she knew that there can be no 1 "reffrfg'e from fear in going mad, for eome mad- "'neira'W hist tho prevailing presence of it. Sho YViiR'iAst then able to go a little further, and " 'reflect -that ' there is one who must temper even ' 'their'te'rrors to tho insane. If the night hideth 'not from him, Burely neither docs the moral ' ' night) nor the darkness of fear. ' _ It began to thunder, first with a low distant . " muttering roll, then with a lond and near bel- '' _ lowing. Rome people are strangely terrified at thunder, lilt Aretura had never been ; she hail . ' the child's feeling that it was God that thun- ' 'dered ; and now it comforted her as with tho ' assurance that God was near. Aud as she lay and. listened to the great organ of tho heavens, to her'Bpir.t it seemed to grow articulate, God ' teemed calling to ber and saying, " Hero I am, ) lily " child ! do not bo afraid !" Then she '' ienso'ncd with herself that the worst that could " happen to her was lo lie there till she died of "' budger) <ind that could not be so very had. . ' Then mingled with the thnnder came a wail , 'of (he ghost mnsic. She started with a strange " feeling that she had heard it a hundred times while lying there in the dark nlone, and only "now'for the first time was waking up to tho "fact.'' She was herveli' the lady they liad abut ""tip. fibre to die, and sho lad lain therefor ages ' every now. and t'len htarlng thnt sound of tho ' angels singing. Hor train was beginning to '' wander. ' She reasoned with herself, and dis-' " missed the fancy, hut it came nod came again, , mingled with the memories of the times she ' had spent on the roof with Donal. "By and by sho fell asleep, and woke in a ' ' terror which seemed to have been growing in " bbr 'sleep.' Shsoat up, and stared before her : into the dark. From toe place where stood the ' altar tiierii se or fl to rise and upptoscb her a ' "forin'of dee- cr darkness. Sho heard nothing, ; 'saiv iiolb'iig. yet seemed to know that some- ' thing was en-. It caine nearer and nearer. 'Tt waa' fut a fancy, and she knew it ; -but the fancy still ar.-iniicd to be; and the moment ' shejgdve wayyan l acknowledged it real, would "'fiiimmlintely assume the reality it had been ' Iwhit'n j'for, and clasp her in the gulf - of its skplbip i arms. Slib cried alcud. It camu "' rparer i-tiU ; lint the instant it was about to r ceiip 'lie'r iBmc a sudden change ; ber fear was | gone, and "in' itaplnce'a s'onso of abso- | lute safoty ; thero was. ' nothing in' all the universe to bo afraid of!. It was n night of Juno, and roses,, rosoB everywhere I What was it? Had God'sont her mother to think her full of roses? Why her mother, when God himself. iB tho .heart- of every rose that ever bloomed? She, would have sung aloud for joy, but no voicb' camp from ber ; Bho could not uttor a Bound. Tjicn cable tho thought of Donal, surging into ber heart. If sho were to dio down hero', 'tli'on ono.doy He would como and find her? ..But therewith, came a terrible picture : no ! no ! Sho . would go to him in his Blcop, and beg him not. to go near tho place. Thon came Donal'b voice Btrangely mingled with musio and thunder— a voice from far away, and alio did not kuow whether it was her fancy or she redlly.Tieard . him, but it filled her so with delight that oho tried to answer him, hut hor voice died ow'ay in lier throat. Pressing with all his. might .against tho sides of tho sloping window-Bill,, if. window that opening into the crypt, could bo called, Donal did at last push up tho-sleb so far as to got a bold with ono hand oil' tho' noxt to it, and so save himself from slipping- down again, as up to that moment he had boon constantly doing. But the weight of it was bow resting on his fingcis. Ho kept ' kill for 'a few momenta to gather Btrengtli; then blowy turned himself on his sido, and gradually igot the othorhand also through the crack. The hauling himself with all his force, careless of -what might happen to his hcaii, with the top Of it he raised tho Btono 80 as to get head and neck through. And now if it did not strangle- him before he got further, the thing was done. Ho govo one more Hor- culean lift of his benly— for lie had at once to lift his own weight and that of the stone — and like a man rising from .the dead rose from the crypt into the passage. But the door of the chapol was closed. 'My lady," ho cried, ."don't be afruid. I am going to driyo tho door open. You must not mind the noise. It is only Donal Grant !" " Only Donal Grant !". , Sho heard tho worcs. .They woke- her from .her swoon of joy. — " Only Donal Grant !". . What less of an only could thero bo in (ho world for her ? Was he not the messenger of him who raises the dead ? " Only Donal Grant 1" Sho tried to speak, but not a word would come, and Donal, fearing lest; after all, he bad arrived too late, drew back a pace, and sent such a shoulder against the door that it flew to the wall, and full, with a great crash on the floor. The same moment Donal was in. tho chapel. ' '"' " Where are you, my , lady," he said, but still she coald not speak Ho begun feeling about, . , . " She can never bo on the terriblo bed I" ho mnrmured to himself. . She hoard him, nnd fdar lest-he should turn away, and think sho was not thero after all, gave her voice. "I don't mind it how you are there !" sho said. "Tliauk God," ho cried, " I havo found yon at last 1" and then, worn out, hp eauk on his kncc-B, with his head on tho bed, and fell a sobbing like a little child. . Slie put out her hand through tho darkness to lay it on his head,- but Bbe could not reach him. He heard the rattle of the chain aud understood. " Chained too, my dove 1" ho said, involun tarily, but in Gaelic. But ho "wept no more;' again he thanked God, 'aud took courage. Nuw life seemed to rush through every vein, and ho roBo to bis feet oonscious of strength like a giant. " Can you strike a light, Donal, nnd let rae sco you?" said. Lady.' Aretura. It was the first lime she had sotdiiiB name to himself : it had been often on hor lips that night. He did as she requested, and for a moment they looked at each other. Sho was not bo changed as ho had feared to find hor. Terrible as had been her trial, it had n.ot lasted very long, and had been succeeded , by a heavenly joy. Sho was paler than usual, yet there was a rosy flush over, hor beautiful face ; her arm was stretched towards him, and, clasped by the rusty ring, just as they bad together imagined ' the arm of the dead laity; buforo . time had turned it to dust, hnd tightened the chain that held it to the bedpost.., She was in her travelling dress, just as her uiclo. bad brought her back. . . " How pqlo and tired you look, '' slip said. . "Iam a little -tired," he aqswered. "I have eome straight from home. , My. mother sent me to you.- She said' I must eome, but sho did not tell me why I was to come." " It was God Bent' you, Donal, " olio returned —and then she told him what ahe' knew of her own story. J , ; ' ! " But," snid Doqal, "how could tho villain havo got the ring on to.your .wrist ?" He looked closer, nnd saw that -her hand was Bwollen, and the nkin abraded. " Ho has forced it on !" he Said. " How it must hurt you . "It does hurt!'1 she replied";, "but I did not notice it before.' It was'suCh a little thing .beside the misery , of finding myself alone in the place whose horrors hail so ofton haunted me." Donal look the little hand In his. It was much swollen. But where the ring was now on the wrist it lay.loojio, '. "Do you snppose.hu iuearit to leave mehere to dio?" said Arctiira. " It is impossible to tell,", returned Donal. " It is bard to kelievo anything so bad even of one who could do as he has done. But in truth I suspect wq have had to do with more of a madman than anyono knew. I wonder if a soul can be mad. The devii, I suppose, must be mad with, self-worship I ..We must leave nothing in his power :iny".>iiuri\ I will strike another light, and see wlifithejr there is any thing about the place to show whether he hal plotted this, or it was a suddeu idea that camo to him." , He did so. The bed had been smoothod a little apparently, and a.lravolling. rug spread over tho dust : that, way ' nil the preparation made. Whether it hqd been done beforehand, or only when he brought her iu could not be determined. Thyre. was'uo other change tliey could see iu the p)py;o. Whether he meant her to He thoie as aliywH to dip, or oplyto.fnghlen Iter into ouiupliancq with bis wishes, neither of them could tell. Donal toid her then how it was that he bod eoinp. , , . "Now, will you tahenie.away.i" she said. " I must firBt giqt.riil of the ohqin," answered Donal. " That may be a little, difficult j but it is only a inatterofipaflence." " Yon will not liovo meilf" ; " Only to got whui tools I may want." "But after that ?" she saiil. , " Not until "you wish mo," ho answered. There came a great burst of tbnnder. It was tho last of tho storm, and when it had hollowed aud shuddered, and gone and come rolling up again, then at last died away in the groat distance with a low continuous rumbling ns if it would never cease, then the silcnco that followed was like tho Egyptian darkness, that mightbofelt. Out of the tense heart of tho. silcnco camo a slow step Beamingly far off, but approaching. " It is tho earl 1" said Aretura. " He will find the door open 1" said Donal, and darted to sot it up. "Nover mind," said Aretura. " His imagin ation will account for it at ouco. It does for everything where ho has no suspicion. Ho will think it was tho thunder 1 — I wonder if ho, has alight 1" sho added hurriedly. V If ho has you must get behind the altar." . The step camo nearer. Evidently ho was coming through the dark,' and bod no light " Do not speak a word," said Donal ; " let him think you ore asleep. I will otand so that if he come near the bed ho Bhall como against mo. He shall not touch you ?" " Aretura ?" said a deep, awful voice. It was that of the earl. Sho mado'no anBwer. "Dead of fright, I daresay 1" muttered tho voice. " I will strike a light and bco. I hopo sho will not prove as obstinate as her mother — I mean her aunt!" Donal stood intontly watching for the light. Aftor some fumbling, camo a sputter and n gleam, but the match failed. Donal marked the spot and tho dis tance, and ore he could try another, made a swift blow ns near aB he could judgo through the space. It struck his arm, and knocked the box from his hand. " Ha 1" he cried, and thero was terror in tho cry, " she strikes mo through the dnrlc !" Donal prepared for a struggle, but kept very still. Ho must run no shadowofariskthatcould be avoided so long as Aretura was notont of his power. Sho was not yet oven freo from the chain ! Arctiira kept; as still as ho. But the earl turned and went away. . "I will bring a light 1" ho muttered. The moment Donal heard the door close abovo, ho said to Aretura. " Now, my lady, you heard him nay ho would bring a light: I dare not leave you a'one with him, nnd somehow I think'it hotter I should not encounter him yet ; do you mind being left a few minutes while I fetch somo tools to set you free?" " No, oertainly," Bho answered : " God Bent you." v . : " "Twill be baik before him," ho answered. " But be careful you do not meet him;" said Arctnr.i. There was no difficulty In Donnl's wny now that the slab was raised, cither in going or re turning. Ho spril, nnd in a timo that seemed short even to tho'prisonerhe was back. There was no time to file through ring or chain. Ho attacked the staple in the bed-post, and drew it. Then ho wound the chain round her arm, .and tied it thore. He had by this time made up his mind what it would be best to do with her. He bad been at first iuclined to carry her out of the house altogether ; tho factor nnd his sister were away, but there was Andrew Comin's Doory 1 It would however be yielding their enemy an advantage to leave him in possession of the house, lie thought. Awkward tilings might result from it, and toiigues of inventive ignorance and stupidity would wag wildly ! He would take her to hor own room, and there watch her aa he would a child, nor leave a chance for any to como near her. " Thero ! you are freo, my lady," ho eaid ; " now co-no." He took her hands, and alio raised Herself wearily. "The air 1b bo stifling 1" Blie said. "We shall soon be iu better,". answorod Donal. "Shall wo go out on the roof !" alio said, like one talking in her sloep. - "I will take you to your own room," said Donal, " — But I will not leavo yon," ho added quickly, Beeing a look of anxiety cloud hor face, " — at leist so long as your nnolo is in tho homo. I do wonder what ho has dono with Mistress Brookes." " Take mo where you will," said Aretura. There was no way for them to get out but through the crypt. :Donal got down. first, nnd Bhe followed without hesitation. Then thero was only tho little closet under tho stair to creep through, and they were in tho hall of the oastlo. .... As they went softly up tho stair, Donal hnd an idea, ' . ".Ho can't have got back yet !" he snid ; "we will take away.. tho key from the cak- door '; he, will only think he has . taken and mislaid it ; and not.disoover so soon that yon are gone. I wonder what ho will do when he does not find it 1 Will ho leave you to dio -thero, or get help to get you out ?" He did as he said, looked tho oak door, and brought away tho key. Then they went to gether to the room sho had lost occupied on tho first floor. The door was a little ajar, nnd thero was a light in it. Thoy went softly up, and peeped in. There was tho carl taming over the contents of Arotura's writing desk. " Ho will find nothing," she said, either to orve him or hurt mo I" Wo will go to your old room," said Donal. "You will not mind it now, Iknow.'i'herccesB itsolf is bnilt up with bricks and mortar: he cannot roino near you that Wny." | As soon as they reached the two rooms, ' Donal saw to nil tho doors, then lighted a firo J nnd left her while he went to look for some- j thing to eat, having first agreed upon a certain ' knock, without which she was to open to no j one. I While she was yet changing the garment! ' in which she liad lain on the torribio bed, sho heard the enrl pam and tho door of his rootn close. Apparently he had made up his mind to let her spend tho night without another ' visit, for ho hail himself received a terrible fright in the plaeo. A little longer and sho hoaril Ppiial's gentle signal at her door. He had brought aoino biscuitB nnd a little wino in tho bottom of a deenntir from the house- keoper's room.; there was literally nothing in tho larder, lie said. They sat down and ate ' together. Dona told her his adventures, and she told him hers so far ns she knew them— .also about Forgne's suit and her refusal to listen to iiiin, as per haps explaining the earl's design, .They agreed that tho first tiling to ho ,dono was to writo to tho factor to como homo at once, and bring his sister with him. Then .Donal BOt to with hia file to freo hcr.froin lier brace- lot; It was not an rasy job. Tlicro was' the constant danger of hurting her, especially as her hand was so.swollop ; nnd besidos the rust filled and blunted bis file ; it took a long time, " Thero 1" he said at last. " And now, my Jady, you must toko Bomo rcst- Lock both your dobru. I will sleep hero ; this Bofa will do woll. All, tho koy of this door is gono. So much the better, . I wiU draw tho sofa across it, so that even if ho should como wandering hero iu the oight, lie may find a small obstruc tion." Iu the, night Donal heard the carl's door open, and followed him. He went to the oak door, nud triod in vain to open it. " Bho has taken it," Donal hoard him say in a trembling voice. All tho night long he roamed tho house a spirit groiyouBly tormented ; then in tho grey of the morning, having probably almost per- Buaded himsolf that the whole affair was but a trick of bis imagination, went back to his room and .to bed, .talking yet an extra dose of his medicine as ho lay down. In the morning Donal left tbo bonse, having first had a word with Aretura through tho .door ; and hastening to the inn, paid his .bill, bought' somo things for their breakfast, and mounting. his horso rodo up to the costlo, and rang the bell— thon, no notice being tnken, went aud put up his boras, and let himself in to the house, where ho began to sing, and so singing camo up the etair, and along tho cor ridor where tho carl lay. This waked him, and brought him to tho door ill a ingo. Bnt the moment he saw Donal his countenance fell, and his usual coolness seemed to givo way. "What tho devil arc you doing liore?" he said. "They- told me in the town that you wero in England, my lord ! — I'lease tell mo whero is my lady." - " I wrote to you, " paid the earl, "that wo were gone to London, and that you need bo in no haste to return. I trust you have not brought -Davie with you?" " I havo not, my lord." " Thon pray make what haste back to him you can. I cannot have him left alone with bumpkins ! But you may stay there witii him as long as you find it convenient— till I send for you. He can Btndy thero ns well as hero 1 I will pay what board you think proper — for both of you. Now go. I am homo but for » few hours on business, and off again by tbo afternoon coach !" " I do not go, my lord, until I hnyo seen my mistress." - " ' , "Your mistress! Who pray, is your mis tress? I thought l was your ' master; If it conies to that." i "I nm no longer in your service,'- my lord. If thero is any penalty for lack 6f duo1 warding, 1 am ready to render good reason." " ' ;' " Then what, in tho name of God, have you done with my eon i" , "In good-tiino, my lerd, when you have told mc. wlicro my mistress is 1 I returned to this house ns Lady Arotura's servant, not your lordship's ; and I desiro to know where I shall - find her," . "I "Go to London thon." "What address, nleaso — thntT mnv write to . , her and receive her orders hero ?" " You leave this louse instantly," said tho carl, unable howover to conceal Bome anxiety, if not dread ; " I will not have you hero in my abscnca — and lier ladyship's too 1" " My lord, I am not ignorant of how things stand with regard tn the house : it belongs to my mistress, and from her aiono will I rcceivo orders. Here I remain till I have her com- mnnd to go." " Yery well, then I By all means remain.". " I ask you again for her addrcss, my lord." "Find it for yourself. Because you will not obey my orders, am I therefore to obey yours?" Ills lordship turned on his heel and flung to his door: " It will be my turn presently 1" he muttered, Donal wont to Lady Aretura, told her what he had done', aud produced his provisions. To gether they prepared their breakfast. By and -by the carl came from his room, and they partly heard, partly saw him go' here' and there all over tile house, and then return again to his own apartment. ' He seemed neither to have oaten nor drunk all the time ho was in the castle. About sn hour before tho starting of the afternoon coach, they aaw.him leave the house, ill able, apparently, to craw along. Ho went down tlie bill towards the town, nor once looked back!" Thoy turned and.lonked at each bther. A profound pity for tho wretched old man' was the fcoling at that moment I believe in the minds of each. ' Then followed one of intense relief and liberty, and then a third found slmpo ostlius — " : " Perhaps' yoii would like to get rid of me now, ray lady," said Donal; "hut I don't see liow I well can leavo you. I should bo miscrablo to think of you lieni in tho house by yourself :< Wnuld you have mo go and fetch ' Miss Caimichaol ?" ; "No, certainly," answered Aretura, "I can not). utter what lias passed, apply .to her tho moment I am in trouble." "I nio glad yon think so : it. would bo to lose the ail vantage of your unclo not knowing what has become of you." "I Bliould certainly like .to see what he will do next. Just think, Mr. Grant, if I wero to die t now, the property would pass into tho hands of my uncle, and then into thoso of Forguol" ' "You can make a will, as your father did," answered Donal. Airctnru stood thoughtful for a moment. " I mil so ashamed of myself, Mr. Grant!" she eaid i, ." If Forguo had sooner sought me, wliun I did not know nnytliing against him, nnd win n lifo was so terribly dreary, I cannot say -what I might not have been persuaded to ! But tell mo, is he such a bad man as I have sometime# feared? You don't tliinlc he haB one knowledge of this design of his father!" " 1 cannot think. I will not believe ho would have allowed you to dio iu the chapel, which I suiiposo his father must now intend— lmt but —I should like to know what lias bccowo of poor Eppio 1" It was not long before he learned. ... TO HE CuHTlNUKI,. 