THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE AT TRINITY CHURCH, About four years ago a new chancel was Added to Trinity Church, East Melbourne, at cost of about £1300. This amount has been iinced -reduced to £85, and the churchwardens, Wishing to build an organ chamber and obtain a new organ for the church, were desirous of clear- ing off the balance before entering into new ; liabilities. An appeal was, therefore, made 'last Sunday to the congregation by the incumbent, the Rev. J. M. Wolloston, and yesterday Dr. Moorhouse, the Bishop of the diocese, preadheu a sermon in aid of the object in view, to' a large congregation, the church being crowded. The text selected for the occnsion Was part of Acts 1-S — " But ye shall reoeive power after that the Holy Ghost is come Upon you ; and ye shall be witnesses unto me." The Bishop remarked that during the week after the crucifixion the infant Christian church wanted nothing so much ai power. Never for an instant during the Master's life did his followers believe anything but that if He claimed His Kingdom all oppo sition would be swept out of His path. But lo he had made the claim, had ridden triumphantly into Jerusalem, and it had all ended in bitter mockery and the death of a malefactor. After the resurrection all was changed. The Master had come back from death mightier than ever : but even then the question esmie, how could he manifest himself unto the world, and had He said to them—' " Ye'ore to bo the instruments," they would have asked in answer—" How can we ? " As it was they were astonished when, on making their demand for Him to restore the kingdom, Ho told them to wait at Jerusalem for the Master's power. They did wait in comfort and in hope, thus showing that they believed, in tho Master's power snd that they wonld be partakers in it. And at last it came to the apostles with a sound like a rushing wind and a mighty vision. These, however, were only the outward symbols. Besides these there was the inward knowledge of power born of the Spirit, which would lead to victory. Tho sense that they had this power was wliat made the members of tho infant church powerful as an army with its banners— a power that over- threwthe power of Rome. It was uot a fugitive enthusiasm, but a force that entered into con flict with mighty pagan Rome and beat her to the dust, and a power to regenerate the world. The question to be asked on the present occa sion was, had we that same power in our souls to-day ? Because if we had we had the spirit that was in the church when God gavo it, bat he (the Bishop) confessed that he was afraid we had not. When we looked around and saw unbelief and scepticism so rampant, nnd so many people devoting themselvcs.to lives of a most sensual character, with dog like tenacity, ho would ask whether the members of the church felt afraid of the numbers of their foes, or a masterful sense that they would obtain the victory over them. If they were not possessed of this sense then ? they had lost the spirit of Fentecost and were i not what the apostles were. He was obliged to say that there was now a fointness of heart in the church which did not belong to the early days. What then was to be done ? What we had to do was to wait in prayer and penitence for the coming of the spirit of the Father. The Bpirit of God was given to enable the Christians to be a witness of His glory and power, and those who received the spirit of- Jesus obtained a more vivid know ledge of God's character and belief in the pos session of a power that bo did hot possess be fore—the power given by God, and the assur- anoe of victory when Christians advanced to the conflict. But the force of power given to the Christian If not exercised in its intended f auction became defunct the tuhs m ' 'I " did a man's brain or his cam if not exercised, - The' cause of tho church losing the courage.' which animated it of old was tbat'its mem bers did not now puit to its destined tse. Ii_ , we wanted to recover the original spirit of the'j church we must be witnesses of what: ire professed, and ha therefore urged, parents to raise the altar of family : prayer in thetr homes end pledge themselves to thoir children that henceforth they wonld lire a holy and godly lifo. He asked them to Come regularly to tlio house of God, not only to worship themselves and hold sweet communion with fellow Christians, but that they would alss some to show others that they wore witnesses- for Christ, and that thoy believed in the teach ing that whore two or thrcs were gathered together God would be with them. He asked them also If possible, If they had time and strength, to help the minister to keep the child ren in tho Sabbath schools, and also to assist in- the Instruction of children attending the day schools where the State refused to give reli gious instruction. If thoy did tilis tho oouxagd . and decision would c-oifio back to them, ..and . they would have far loss inconsistency and low vitality. Then, should there come a. ' amino in the land tlicy would be witnesses of ' Christ, the joy of God's spirit would go with them, and every step thoy took in their pil grimage on earth would be a stop towards the \- paradise of God. 