COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. REVIEW OF THE WEEK. /?«yoM* Otlicc, Thuvs.ky, December 27. Pnonm: MAKKKT.—Since the publication of our la6t weekly mtnw the day* on which business has been transacted have beeu so few that we give report of each day in full. Saturdav, December 22.—Wheat remains firm at 4s. A<\\. at outports, and -K Ud. at Port Adelaide for sliippiug aid As. (M1. for far niers' lots, and equivalent rates at outports and country stations. Hour is ipiiet .it t'!> 10s. to r.n:>s, for ordinary, and 110 to U10 rig. for heading Wands, Hrau, \>. ; puilard. U. : oate, 2h. .mL to 2s. (id. : barley. 2s. !'d. t) Moudav, l>eccmb< l 21. -The wheat markets are lii i..er, ami bn\rrs gciier.illv h.ive in tlu rate Id. pi r hn^lii I, which is i.ithi r eausin" farmers to hold Uvk in hope* of stilJ In iter ratc.i ruliim. Hnvors oll'.-r H. -Id. t.o.b. ..nfpurts for shipping parcel-, without rcsultiug iu business. Wc.|U.«t-j Is. •Id. and Is. «HI. lor farmers'aii«I shipping paivcls respectively. At Port Adelaide the .h<m md forehanded VI-SM IS is meat. Present rat<< promipe to bo well maintained. Flour steady with but little demand at £!» 10*. to O i:.s. for ordinary, and 110 to t'10 :.s. for leading brands. Charters—The Alcinous, M. A. (ireenwood, and other vessels are reported to have beeu fixed for the United Kingdom during the lust week at current rates. Bran, la. per bushel : pollard, Is. ; oats, 2s. ."'d. to 2h. (id. ; barley, 2s. l»d. t«» :!s. Wednesd.iv, December 20. — Wheat is firm, although but little doing in the market li<-te: yet at outports and country stations a considerable advance has taken plaeo, and several parcels have chauged bauds at Tort Vincent and Povt.luha at 4s. considered as fair market value, but the result of undue competition. Rates luliug in the country generally are equivalent to-Is "».l. for fanners' lots, and 4s. <>\d. for shipping parcels at Port Adelaide. Flour is uuiet but steady, and does not meet with anything like the demand for wheat. We quote O 30s. -to I *>s. for ordinal v, and £10 toflO :«s. for leading brands. Hra-\, Is. ; pollarA, Is. ; oats, 2s. -U to 2s. lid.; barley, 2- Ud. to Charters.-Cordelia is reported to In' fixed for the L'nited Kingdom. Thursday's report was in all particulars a repetition of the previous day. No special business beiug done, and pi ices unchanged. The exports of wheat and Hour for the work cudcd December 22 were—W heat, nil; Ihwr.iWi tons ; making a total during the present year t<> il ite oi 2<;,0istonsof wheat and IW,017 tons oliLMU\ NKW YKAK'< KI'MIIKR OK TIIK OL!^KK\ Kit. —The New Year's number of the published to-day is a bulky issue of sixty four pages, imludiiig—in addition to the usual interesting collection of essays, reviews, notes of travel, fiction, humour..several original stories, humourous sketches, and poetry, written specially for this festive season. The majority of tlie sketches have a joyous, hopeful rin-' about them sm»uUrly appropriate for the New Year, w hen, ataudirg on its threshold, we turn our backs on the chequered post, and anticipate with pleasure and confidence the new experiences, tlie better opportunities, ;uul the more useful careers which we are firmly persuaded 1SS4 has in store for us. For the most part the literary keynote in these stories is high, and the pitch is well maintained. The tirst on the libt is " A Strange Career, and a Bright Christmas, n contributed by H. .1. C., which, notwithstanding some minor <lefe< ts in tlie description of scenery, is a very readable account of bush life in the eaily days. The writer has mixed up in a very entertaining fashion some rather gruesome ghost incident* ; tho discovery of a nice little gold-mine by two friends, who worked it at their leisure ; tights with the Australian blacks, and a charming young lady, who afterwards meets her fate in one of of the afore-invntiom-d iightv Bclvidevw. "Caught in a Man-Trap," by Frank Warnliedd, is correctly described as "a novel adventure." " Separation," a b-nr <!'• ri<hau fram the pen of (.«. Kgrcmont, is a readable bkit on the impulsiveness of a very estimable young couplc who, by the artful machinations of a legal adviser, painted in very black colours, are so worked up that nothing less than a full, eomplote, and irrevocable separation will patisfy their notions of wounded honour. Tbe dialogue leading up to the */> dow msnf, which was not exactly what ' the villain of the play" wanted, though exaggerated, is amusing, and is not without a nioial. "Only a Study," by Selwyn Eyre, is the story of one of those pathctic episodes in human lite with which the most of us are familiar. The most pretentious_ tale, and iu some respects tho most attractive, of the series is " An Old Score," bv Frederick Talbot, author of "Jack Pngh'a Legacy," "Through Tire and Water," and other works of fiction. It n.ay be described as a well-written account of a social tragedv, the disastrous effects of which were eventually obviated by a daughter's devotion. Resides the tales which arc of course the chief feature of the number. F& WORTH KNOWING.—TbAttheLargestClothfng and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the Beit most Stylieh, and Cheapest Selection of Men's, Youths', and Boy's Clothing and Outfitting, is at 