Published on Wednesday asd Satueday Fides et Juslitia. THURSDAY, înîAECH 15, 1883. Tue Sho"vt.—To-day and to-morrow the Bega Agricultural and Pastoral Society Trill hold its eleventh annual .Exhibition, which promises to be the iergefft and most attractive Show Bega has seen. An un usually rich schedule of prizes has drawn out uuusual entries in several sections. The excitement amongst dairy proprietors is evident by the 60 cheese and 49 butter entries that have reached the Secretary. In the cattle sections, SI entries have been received. A "grand display of horses is Ioo*ke'd*for ; 238 entries have beon made. Dog entries, to the number of 50, say a little for the influence of the Cándelo Coursing Club. The indoor exhibits will be numerous, and the sum total of entries is about 150 larger than last year. With fine breather overhead,. the Show is¿ikely to pass ¿if with success. Looking back, wejfiud that the Bega Agricultural Society was established on August 15th, 1871. By September 13 of that year, sixty mem- bers were enrolled, The annual sub-, ßcnptiori was, at first, 10s. 6d., and Mr." G. 1\ Kerrison paid tho first half-guinea into tho funds. . ^Mx. E. Ritcjiio was the first President;' "Mr. II. ' Walker the first Treasurer; Mr. Braine, Secretary. The fiísíExhibition'"was held on February 15th, 1872, in the School of Arts, an oc casion memorable for the onslaught upon and disappearance of most of tho eatable exhibits, Tvliioh wero, appropriated by amateur samplers. The cattle exhibits of Bega's first Show were accommodated in several places ; there were no funds to build yards ; the Show was an experiment; and the whole management was of tho most rudimentary description. Never theless,'about £89 wore raised from all sources, and after paying expenses, the sum of £15 was carried forward to begin next year with. Brief reforerico is made to these, oui; infant days, for tho purpose of suggesting a comparison, and to point out how Boga has progressed duiing eleven years. A telegram on Saturday' gave totals of tho colony's exports and imports. Tho foUowings - details of tho value of our commerao last year show how tho country is growing. . The imports aro still much in cxcess of exports, but every year tho gap becomes smaller. Prom the Customs statistics j ust issued from the Government Printing Office, wo learn that tho total imports into the colony during 1882 nmpunted to £21,281,130. Of this £11, 153,017 represented goodsïrôm thoUnited Kingdom, £7,92-1,479 fronv the British colonies, and £2,200,734 from foreign states. The valuo of the imports seaward was £19,555,490, and ovorlañd £1,725,040 The total value of. the exports from tho colony nmountod to £10,710,961, of which £7,3(19,109.1 represented shipments to the United Kingdom, £8,200,39g_to British colonies and £1,206,874 to foreign States. Tho exports iiioludedi£l2jG81-,7lO seaward an4v£4,(i3ó,261 overland, ' .. ATHLM'ICS. Händig " ati8pf ,ACCIDEN?t.—Mjj§ ; B. mare to jg íencsj* and 8traflgleiiërèejf.",r. 1 Dentistry.—Mr. Rassoll is how in* Bfega, and nay bo ¡consulted at the Qom¿" mercial Hotel. 'Dramatic.—Our amateurs give per-i formalices to-night and to-morrow night.l in aid of the Jockey Club Funda. [Eden wliarfagô rates, hitherto layied | Lnhder 44 vie. No. 6., are -abolished éince [j thsflth instaiitr—tí"o»¡"0wífW<,'p."-l"292;— 1 1 CiíiCKET^-rThe matetaat Cándelo was jiöt plaj&ï ¿¡¿rough JojT Saturday, but palien night came Bega had the advantage. ¡ CATffOKTO.'—Ä"tSl®gTivüi''. -Tröft-man" Healy at Afaluen on Tuesday say8| ser vices will be "Held on Siinàay at Bega and Panbula. ¡IVÓ BliTak(TEb).—The Kangaroo has ; piado another fneal of'that tough-old lion. ' M the last match the Englishmen made 55 and 156. Victoria m one innings sqored 73 ahead of the Ivo grand total. Moeuya.—Mr. Samuel R. McPhail, Aeiacher of the Bergalia School, and for merly- of Wolumla Public school, died on the 5 th., aged 52, after a lingering attack of jaikndice.—'At the Shöw on the 7th.' aid .8th., Mr. H. Ottou'fl hackney took second prize ; Miss Otton, as best lady rider, won a¡silverlocfcçtandch|in. : ; : : Compulsion.^-Japan has a compulsory education law which requires the attend-^ «nee at school of all children, pver six* years of age. The Bega attendance officer is hunting up all the children : under fourteen, and we shall have the first court case before long. In some cases the law brings about very awkward results." :Lightnikg.—On Friday a house at Eden-was struck, and the occupant, Mrs. Watson, slightly injured, A. favorite tabby sitting near its mistress also re ceived a heavy electric-shock; At Bega, the htmse of ihe Rev. W. Bbker sustained,-' some damage; a chimney was injured^ a tank battered, and a collie dog killed: Bonn ALA Show.—Underhill Brothers, brought to Bega first prize for cheese,— Mr. C. Hergenhan receives a certificate of merit for his non-competitive collection of fruit.—Mrs. W. Underhill is first prize taker for plain needle done by machine,, and has special'prizes , for hand needle work, and for the best general collection of plain work.—Commens and McDonald, take the first prize and also Mri JE. .Campbell's special prize of a guinea for a single Tsuggy. The Banks.—By authority of the " Bank Holidays Act of 1875," Thursday is proclaimed« holiday for the Bega Dis trict.- Ml-. "Walker informs us that, for the convenience of customers, the Com- mercial Bank will be open from 10 a.m. till noon, on both to-day and to-morrow. The Joint Stock and N. S. Wales branches will observe to-day as -close holiday.— See Adv. As Usual.—With its chronic inaccu- racy and recklessness, the 'Standard of yesterday is "out in the wilderness" when it attempts to write the history of the Beça Agricultural Society. The Standard èays e' it was started in 1872 ; " wrong. (2) ' ' It narrowly escaped stran gulation shortly after its formation when thrqg^ybme jealousy a hlack/eUoiv was ^qualified and elected to the office of Vice president;" wrong again ! Tob» Norman's ghost is likely to: be across the sleepy body of the Standard editor at 12 o'clock to night. Blackfeilow ! ' Pèrhaps these wild*" guesseB'nt"trntii"-are the result-of Studying out the dü&vepca; between topo- graphy -and typography. Stranger ad ven tarers of limited intellect must always experience difficulty in describing past events of which they had no-personal ex- porienca. Edex.—The District Court was holden at Eden, before Judge Mc'Farlhnd,' on Friday the. 9th. instant but there were no cases of importance. A case of " jumping," an allotment at .the back of coüxtjfciouse in which S. Solomon was "plaintiff, and D. Whelan defendant, was struck out, the judge thinking. " that a question of Title to Land \rhicli he had no right to buy " was involved, though the defendant m his evidence'stated that he had no title, but claimed the ground on 29th July last because he wanted a paddock to. put his horse in; so this paltry matter must 'go Á« lire'Supreme Öourt' to the profitai 4he '"gentlemen of the long ro'be."—Jane-Donnelly v. ty, for servant's wages, was dismissed, his'Honor saying he expected the defend ant would pay.—Attorneys present, Messrs. Manby and Rawliason, MotwjyA. —XheAmateurs of Agriculture here have vied with each other in their breeds of catfie tnd h'orsës, and in the various products of their farms, .and ' although the exhibits were scanty com pared with last year's show,, tíiey were, on tho whole, creditablo to the district. Strange but, true, no exhibits of cheese; and dairy produce were on show from Bodalla and Bergalia. .One solitary cheese from Mi'. Wallace, of Nithsdale, had. wo competitor. Fruits, etc., were plenti- ful, and of superior quality. Bacon and hams, wore not represented; except by 2 solitary smoked hams. Mr. Wallace's team of lovely ponies as a four-in-hand was much admired, as were Mr. fi. Mort's magnificent spankers. Pity our leading country squires: kept- aloof ; this has tended greatly to mar the sucocss of. the. exhibition this year. I have not heard how the ball in the evening came off. Tho Old English dinner seems to me more in character with such an-occasion, but. a now committee seem to ignore the old usage, and give a preference to musiç.and the light fantastic reel 6' Bogie. "It pleases tho lassies and tho lads, and brings in "grist" to the Agricultural Secretary, who gets 10 per* cent on all hionias te-i ceived.—Moruya,' March 9,' 1883.—Cornt Sunpey.—El Mfllfii;^ the Sou phet. defeated byEgyptutniiAcüs: î .-.'New War Minister in. Russia is Count von Schellendorf. . ..JóhnBichárdGreene,his torian, is dead .. Sir J. H. Lefroy is to be Acting-Governor for one year at Cey lon.... On March 7', a'Bill prohibiting pigeon-match, shooting passed second roading in English Commons Tho Melbourne tailoressos say they will have , a strike procession Literal'land lg.W in S. 4u6t*?l?a„Y?e aJtwiiDjJ ^o^P0 of Victorian' farmers.... From 1*825,000 acres tho S. Australian , farmers reaped 8,273,000 bushels . wheat : average 4 bushels, 32 pounds.. ..At Newcastle, on Thursday, the Rev. 'J. Osborne lectured on the Irish question ; a large audience was enthusiastic in-loyal manifestations. .... Wollongong people have lost confi dence in their police, and ask for a Com mission of Inquiry ... Iviama paper eays; that Captain Bishop is laid up ill in Syd-> noy, añitHfit Gaptaih ,H&seo.; wiir»ávi gato the Kameruka'nntil Captain Bishop regains health Victorian Loan floated in London at £100/3/6; deducting va-, rióuB items the actual yield to the colony is only d£98/12yc, and from ¿his has to ;Jbe deducted tho qost of floating, stamp'duty, and cost of inscription.... .Hales has rid den four V.R.C. Cup winnors-î.jp 1875, Lurline (8st. lib.) field of 13; 1876, Rich mond^ ïj'i's; *' (ïet. L 131bs.) fitild Of TM 1879, Savanaka (7^?wim¡ftfeld oí 12 ; 1 1883, Navigator, 3yr$., field , ^2-. MI's.L.A. seen dtmk-in thjMÎouewwniaglin the Colonia Sec's offiiön,; bSldoa®vitli by thp ívoMslatureSsi.Mt'j TÍylonlíras nol a merotaWwheghetoado $ho agpjion. Wo like && :8weíírc>'.£Ser ..i*ío print tho "Eimes of those who have'jwi been drank." ! " Show me a shop-keeper," said DouglasJerrold, "who neglects adver Jtisinfc Ms Arares; feñí itifiitf» I wfll fehfiir ïyoiiÂ iba! ahd lQ#sfm##, than'he dreams of On March 8, Judge Dowling disposed of 4Ï1 caBos (unde fended) at a sitting of the Metropolitan ffistrict'Oomi : i,.ii^)oaTi-Ma<»rtnoyrM'el— bourne, has celebrated his gplden wad ding... .Taylor beat M'Elfyopç at gee by 2 to 1. MTîlhone headed the poll fôrTTftfêFirimt^ he had onlf fiQ jvptee, i^itzgar^Jd ( JAI ; at 13 out of .25. polling places MacJiad .a ^majority., ... He eaye he ^as nopiinatotj against his will) or without'liis" cónsoiit and he fools like Pauk*» didjvhon .beaten for Eas't Sydney, doubtful if "his political careër isoot «oVerl. ...At an expenso óf £999 the Government ,has had planted 1,811,OOO-wattlfl. trees, along the,line,of the Southern Eailway, ' chiefly between Oampbolltown nnd YasB If London brokers ¿an combine, olt? several oolonies i might federate for securing the best : borrowing ter^ns...., -The.. J^cqiiaiie-^ street senators ""have : decided to büy a' billiard table. Those 35, acquaintances ef A. Gr. Taylor's should wipe offtho list before tiiey tw :-5s. ipoSjl. .i.;.!Thè ;Hoùso lias agreed to Mh Cohen's '' That it is expedient to amend the Licensing Act of 1882." Edmonds elected President of American Senate.... Some of the coast " master mariners " can neither read nor write Mr. James Watson is the favor ite for Grenfell, if Vaughn's seat be de clared vacant Immigrants by slow sailing vessels ! with ' labor in demand, why not use the fastest Orient boats ? Potatoes £2 5s. at Warnambool, and a small'crop:. At last .De Méstre has won the V^E.G. Australian Cup with Na vigator, (Hales up) 3yrs.,'8st. 3Ibs., 2Jni., 12 starters, 4min. 2secs. ; Walleroo 2, by length and a' half; Guesswork a good third, and going úp JEa,atv..De Mee tro also won the Footscráy with Paul, and the fiópctiil with Waxlight ; ïîalas rodi these three winners... .-Dr. Beaney, is at length a- Victorian Legislator Thaddy O'Kane says he is -willing to let people alone, if they do not obtrude themselves on public notice, by .seeking to do what is wrong. In every community there are people of a sort, to reduce whom to order is the duty of . the Press.... Solution of Permanganate of Potash, one part to 100 of water, injected into a vein, is announced as a sure ¡antidote .to, snake-bitp poisoru Bascally tradesmen " pot " meat un¿ .fit for a dog to «at the Lamiod-fidvises people to cease buying " potted meats." The Giraffe (Mudgee Taylor,) says he has a list of 35 .names of members he has seen drunk in- the House 1There's bound to be a row " when the mighty Mudj ekeewisre turns to Macquarie-street. ... .Braidwood Show, -March 28¡- «. vt 