MORE GHOST STORIES. Mr, Heapp's ghost story, published in our last week's issno, caused considerable interest and discussion on its reccnt repub lication in pamplet form in London, A correspondent writing to a contemporary says: I was much interested in the story of Mr. Heapy. It puts mo in mind of a circum stance tho particulars of which are similary strange and throughly authentic : Nearly a score of years ago, in' Australia. I was a constant visitor at the house of a geritlojnan, one of whoso daughters was the promised wiio of a .naval officer in. Her Majesty's service, ard then stationed on tho South American coast. One afternoon M. was seated with-her sister in an upper chamber, suddenly she half rose and gave a violo'nt scream, 'iWhatistlio matter?' cricd'1 C., her sister. ' I saw poor George (hor lover) -oh,' so plainly.'- He. was wringing his hands imploringly, and brushed close to mo as ho passed across the room!' Her sister strovo to calm her agitation, but M. could not bo persuaded that her fears for her lover's welfare were groundlesss. Going up to his picture on tho wall sho wrote the time of the day and the dato on its back.' Several months elapsed and no news camo to warreut M.'sapprehension. But one morn ing, as tho family were examining lottors from the daily post, M. sank back with a bitter cry, and gasped out that hor lover had been drownod together with seven sea men, throe months before, as ho was cross ing a harbour bar. Her sister spoko of ..tho coincidence of the apparition in tlio' upper room. Several members of tho family hastoned up stairs and examined'tlio picture A comparison was made, and it was found that tho dato on tho picturo and tho dato of tho drowning corresponded oxactly, making allowance for the] longitudinal difference in time, v i.ii ;u '? .'? ' > Another correspondent writes:-Mr. Henpy's ghost story recalls a1 story: rolated to mo by an oyo-witnessof tho occuroncos. Forty years ago a retired barrister pur chased a house near Houslow Heath, on the outskirts of London. It dated from the begining of last contuary, but: was in good condition, ilt had lain vacant' for, many 'ybars.' For a 'indiith after tlio' family'? occupation every night there would bo hoard tho piteous wailing of an 'infant. The ground and apartments woro searched j without finding anything. It was finally1 decided that.., tlio, cries proceeded from a window in 'tlio 'library^ ' As tho constant wailing, was a gi'op.t poipoe of annpyauco, tho gentlonian s wile 'urged' that tho panelling b o torn down aiid tho 'wall oxaminod. Hor husband at last yielded. Tlio panelling was stripped away and tho wall opened. In a small recess, next tho -window,- was; found the skolotbii of ail infant, 'which according to tho opinions of medical men, must have been tliero for over ? half' a' century. The lady who told mo this was prosont, with many others,'at' the' soar oh, duel/was' tlio gentloman's netico, ?, i J 