Turf Talk. BY MARTINDALE. ANOTHEB most uneventful week has just passed over our hoads, and in the usual owler of turf affairs we may oxpeot a fow moro. As regards, actual racing there werooi.l v tho Walcrett and Wentworth meet ings on Wednesday and Thursday ; then we have a blank until Wednesday next, when tho members of tho Lower Clarence Turf Club hitend holding a day's sport. According to the weights, I think Hastings Í and Rosemary look about the beat pair for the Turf Club Handicap, supposing that they are in anything like form, and notwithstanding tho fact that Hastings has top woight for the flying Handicap I shall expect to hear of his being orodited with tho win. So dull are tho times that oven horse owners have nothirur in tho way of nominations to trouble themselves with until July 1, when those who intend having their Biros and mares represented in the Claronee Rivar Jockey Club and Albury Race Club's Sires and j Mares Produce Stakes must send in their nomina- ! ti--ns. Tho second day in that month will givo us the ! weights for tho important spring handicaps. | so that we shall then have plenty to talk . about when watching tho gallops on tho various training grounds of a morning. Even j before the weights make their appearance not a few | are speculating, and affirm they know tho winner. Tho way in which the public come up smiling, to uso a ring phrase, after every big race is truly wondorful, ' and they invariably lose, but botter luck next time is theory, and tho bookmaker becomes a mero bloated aristocrat, and welcomes them witn a smile. A public meeting of tho Queanbeyan sporting folk was called for. last Monday, to discuss tho matter of i choosing a now racecourse, tho old one having boon secured partially by the trustees of tho town oouitnon. j I learn that Mr. Donohoe has sold his horse Chic! tam ' tho winner of the Coonamble J. C. Handicap, to \lr. ! Mark Thompson for 250 Kuinoaa. At the sottlingover tho late Coonamble meeting tho following amounts wero paid over to tho winners:-Messrs. O'Malloy, .£226 ; McssrB. P. and W. Donohue, JË178 ; Mosers. Rouse, .£52 ; Messrs. M'Cullough, ¿£50. About .£220 wero paid over in Calcutta sweeps. A correspondent informs me that Messrs. Cobb and Co. have turned their attention to raising trotting stock on their Ournie station. He states that they are brooding from blood marcs, and have about 40 good-looking youngsters. " Augur" of tho " Australasian" writes-: While at Flemington a few days ago I had a look in at Morri son's stable, and never saw a lot of horses in better health. The king of the crowd, Commotion, haB thickened out and improved since he retired in the autumn, and, as an Indian visitor remarked, his back is broad enough for a dining-tablo. Tho champion's logs filled after ho had boen enjoying his eaeo for a timo, but a fortnight in the paddock soon put him to rights, and Morrison hopos to have him at his beat for tho great weight for age races. Obadiah I novor saw in such grand buoklo, a bit big perhaps, but just as ho should bo a month boforo tho Grand National. Howover, he is troubled with "a leg" which may militate against his chancos of success. Allander has improved the right way, and so has HülTalk, & very neat little fellow. Morrison bag a very nico lot of yearlings, and one of tho smartest in appearance is a wiry brown filly by Tim Whiffler from Ella, with no lumber anywhere, and a set of logs as hard as steel. I liked very much a bay colt by Kingsborough, and a strapping fino fellow ÍB Reginald, by Grand master from Ave Maria, and second edition of SUBBOX with more quality. Falkirk, by Kelpie from Baroness, is a level made chestnut, with all the characteristics of the BÍTO'B family, even to the mane and tail. War Cry, by Slanderer from Waitress, takes more after the Traducer than the fania line, combining- quality with BU«, ami 1 expect to Bee thia colt turn ont a very respectable JJti by representative. A.s usual at âiorric- on s everything- v. as in apple-piô order, and I found the crame at H. Veei.dV, where Sir W. J. Clarke's horses are iucrnvd. Bordeaux ha* fined down since I ¿aw h;m "last, and .-,o baa his Boa Vernet, but TIC thins; ha..* improve'i more than Country Squire, who r< a remarkably çood topr-ed horse, but. thuöe piptî-aî jm leg-» oí' his are not assuring. The colt by The Marquis from Prop.i*al also r hows signs of advaucemcut, and I hopo <-;omo day to Kee one of tba above carrying tho Sunbury baronet'» colours to the front. A day"s racing held ¿it Wollar, on July li, was very fairly attended. Mr. J. Carroll Black Hawk woo the Wollar Plate, an : also the Wul.ur Handicap, Mr. Kirkland's Stella walking over for tho Consolation Sta es. Last Friday Mr. Tl. 0. St. Vincent, the handicap« per for the Clarence River Jockey Club, published tho weights for tho City, Grand tí tami, and Jockey Club Handicaps to be run for at the annnj.1 meeting in July. In the list ono or two hor-ca ^ec¿m as though treated to very comfortable weights. In the City lliutdioup, I cannot f«u* tho life me see why old Twelve ¥e.d¡s should have 8¡>t, when we find Jack ol Clubs and Rosomary at 7si. 101b and 7st 41b respec tively. In the Quoon's Birthday Cup, Jack of Clubs * fiaisbed fourth carrying (¡et 4ib, while old Twelva, Years was a long way off with 41b le^a, eo that, wo may look for Jack of Clubs to beat hun very easily thia timo. However, I thin', all are held safely by* Ha'tirga in both the City and Jockey Club Handle cap», ii hois anything like tJie horí-e that won th* County Purse last spring at Hawkesbury. Mr. William Gannon has sent overland his well-known racehorse Kingsworth to Melbourne, where he will be prepared for the V.R.C. Winter Flat Race. Dun- dreary and Warrigal are also to visit the southern capital. Tho winter meeting of tho Wyndham Racing Club, held last Saturday at the Werribee, was well attended,, tho weather being tine au«i the »port good. A »elliflg* raco of six furiooga opened the programme, securing eight Ptaxters. Nymph, by Hawthornden from Queer» ot Club», winning by a head from Ard-Righ, with Drumstick third. Only six started for the six-furlong; -' Hurdle Race, Miller, by Planet, who carried 9Bt 91b, winning easily from Stormbird, ldst 21b ; Merry Maid, löst 21b, third. A field of IS faced the flag for tho Wyndham Handicap, one mileanci a distance, 5 to 2 being laid against Coriolanus, who started favourite. Bonnie Bee. by Bonnie Carlista-MÍSB Wasp, Cst 81b,, and ridden by Sam Cracknell, upset I he pot, beating*1 Coriolanus, 8Bt Dib, by a length, Barley Bree, Gat 121b, running third. The Handicap Steeplechase of 2& miles scoured nine starters, ann proved a most sen sational event. In gonn» over tho fer.cb opposite tho stand Sunshine turned a complete Hninernanlt, and falling on his jockey (Rose), killed him on the spot. ID the second roimd Rooket came down with Barlow,, whose oollar-bone was broken. Th« race was evontu»-^ ally won by Magic, Peter and Yerlo running second ; and third. Tho Werribee Park Handicap, the prize ¡ tor whioh was the joint gift of Mozart). T. und A. Chirnside, producod a capital finish between Th» Ghost and Chloris, the former winning, and Belle Brandon third. Tho hearing «.f tho caso of Thompson v. the. Ado» laide Racing Club has been postponed until the 26tb> instant. A day's racing ia to be held at Clarence Town on July 6. _ ? . The English jookoy Bat low appears to be unfortu nate. Soon after his arrival in Australia he met with* a most serious accident, which laid him up for som» time On Saturday last ho ' ad tho misfortune to break his collar-bone, through a horbo named Rockel;, failing in tho Steeplechase . at Wyndham. The> "Melbourne Argus" Bays the horse .was not in fife condition to go tho distance, having only reoently : bean takon off tho grasB. In tho same race a lad yarned Rose, a son of Mr. Charles Rose, of .Ballarat, j who was in tho employ of Mr. R. Howie, was killed I opposite tho stand. Rose, at his special request, waa allowed to make his del>ut as a jockey by riding Sunshine in the Steeplechase. A turf club has boen formed at Albany, Wesir. ! Australia, whore a day's racing was hold on Juno 1,. i and well attended. I At a joint meeting of the committees of tho Ballara!. Turf and Hunt Clubs, held lact Saturday, a two days'" programme was drawn up, tho added money to which, amounts to ¿6875. Tho prize for tho Grund National Strop lechase (.£200) is the gift of Mr. Martin Lough« lin. «f P. Mr. E. T. Barnard was appointed nandi» capper. On Wednesday last a well-attended meeting was hoid at tho Commercial Hotel, Bombala, of thoso interoated in t ho obfcainingof a racecourse at Bombala. A most influential committee to carry out arrange monts was appohitod. " Yrumpator," of tho " Adelaide Observer," writes x. -I am glad to bo able to state that upon re-considering tho matter, Mr. Jenkinssaw tho injustice of depriving Williamson of his winning commission for riding tho Royal Irishman in tho City Handicap, and Mr. Mort lock ruts accordingly given tho lad a chequo for the usual 10 per cent Hurricane was mid to Mr. C Flemming aftor the Birthday mooting, and has been shipped to Melbourne. I believe Mr. Malcolm cannot be per suaded to try his hand with tho starting flag, but the S.A.J.C. have the choice of two good men in Mr.. Thomas Walker and Mr. Karry Bickford. One ol' these gentlemen will probably oct at Morphettville next week Tho stoeplochaser Collingwood has been, treated to a good spoil since ho went, into residence at Lockleys, and is now as f rcBh as a lark. Mr. Stirling« seems anxious to win the Hunt Club Cup with tho son¡ of Morris Dancer, and on Saturday Mr. Turner rode him after the hounds. Rory O'Moro, tho hero of tha last Hunt Cup, has gone to Lockleys to be prepared* again, but he is not to bo hunted. In this issue will be found the full programmes, issued by that now very important body, the Sydney Turf Club, for thtfir- meotings to bo hold on October 6; and January 20 (Anniversary Day). I would remind, those interested, vi/,., secretaries of raceolubB, totave theso Btrict attention, so that they will not clash io: any way with these two very important fixtures. Ii ^ would appoar that the Sydney Turf Club aro well ofl . ** in that important matter money, and a glance, at these very liberal prizes shows that they ari making good uso of it. For the October meeting th©* addod money to tko half-dozen events totals up to-. -E750, while that of Anniversary Day reaches the magnificent sum of ¿S1200. As there is no necessity, to go iifcto the lattor programme as yet, I will only pivo the amounts- on the October list, "which are as follows:-Favourite Plate, 100 sovs; '-'iix-Ehirlonf Handioap, 100 BOVB ; .Sapling Stakes, 200 eovt^ with a Bwcop of 5 ; Selling Plato, 100 BOVS ; CorinfchiaOï Cnp, 50 EOVÖ, in specie or money : and Farewell Han« cap of 200 BOVS, with sweep of 5. On the Anniver sary Day bill of faro tho principal item is the Cup oi ? 500 sovs, with a sweep of 10 6ovs. During a trip trom HillstoD to Cobar, mavle latelj. by a few of our sporting men, a very amusing " oir* cumstonco," thongh it might have turned out st. Berious piece of business, took place. It appears thal just prior to reaching Mount Hope, where the]. changed horace, all, with tho exception of one, vi Was far from berner well, were indulging in a walk 1 ease the horses. While walking they came up to a emu, who my informant describes as a perfect gentli mp.T to look at, the finest specimen of his class thc he had ever seen, and would have taken a first-claj prize in any show. As- my informant ia none othc than Harry Johnston, the well-known "book,'* an figured the principal actor in the scene, X will leav "jum to tell what took place. He says: "FÎT cf us walked towards the emu. " He di xxofc hurry himself, hut stalked about in dignified sort of manner. We at once came t tho conclusion that its nest must be near, and con jnenoed searching for it, some of U3 being all th .time within 10 yards of the bird. The coachman nov called us to got up, and all except myself walked fo tho coach. 1 wont slowly after the bird, till I go within 10ft of bini. Tho beauty then turned ronn< and looked nie lull in the face I felt that I wa; quite near enough, and made ono step brick, the birt xnado one forward. I made another back, but he wen' the samo distance ahead. At this instant I per oeivod a tree close by, and wont for it at top spued, "the bird losing a little in tho start, but when he Îot going he inado tho.paco very warm for me, while kept leading him round tho trunk of thc tree. 1 am quito sure I never ran so fast in my lifo, and bj .thia time I was pretty well scared. At the end of a ?couple of minutos tho bird stopped, and stood look ing at me from the othor side of thotre. I made foi Another tree nearer the coach, but tho bird was on mc like a shot. Ono kic'i reefed tho sido of my coat and sent mo to grass, another took tho not-to-be mentionod part of my nether garments away. To 'save my face I put my hand up, when I struggled to my feet. The beauty then marked me nicely, and 'drew first blood by making a nico track commencing at the wrist and going right down the thumb with his beak. By thia timo help came, and our worthy friend was roscned from further attacks, tho bird beating a retreat. " ' According to our Narrabri correspondent, tho two dayB' meeting to be hold under tho auspices of the local jockey club, on October 3 and 4, should bo well .worth patronising. At a meeting held last week a programmo was drawn up, tho added money on which amount closos to ¿81000. Tho nominations recoived for tho different events tobe contested at Caulfield, on June 30, and also at "the Grand National Steeplechase Mooting on July 21, will bo found in another column. The " Herald" says :-The committee of tho Goul burn Turf Club held a meeting on Monday evening, when some important business was transaotod. Tho ?programme for the forthcoming spring meeting, to ?take place on September 26 and 28, waa drawn up. Tho principal raoes are the Goulburn Cup, presented by Mr. John W. Chisholm, of Wollogorang, with 150 BOTS added; and tho Argylo Plate, presented by Mr. Gannon, M.P., with 150 sovs added. There will bo «ix races on each day, two additional races being pro , vidod besides the events in last yoar's programme. The extra races aro tho Publicans' Purse and tho Commercial Handioap, each of "£50. To tho former Mr. H. Payten presents ¿£25, and to tho latter Mr. B. Meyer presents ¿825; the balance in each caso * having been colloctod from the citizens by Messrs. l"W, Gale and J. J. Roberts. Tho meeting promises to be an attractive ono, and should draw a crowd of 'visitors. _ 