MISCELLANEOUS. " Oysters — open all night," is the way a restaurant-keeper's sign reads, The Para .robber corner, according to a despatch, Is " dead." Let it be given a stretcher. An Eastern editor says that the new Chinese paper looks like a map of a Delaware orchard. Dealers in antiquities will pay a big price for the last straw which broke the camel's back. UARPENTERS wno re-rashion old dry goods boxes should be called " circumstances," because they alter cases. A newspaper speaks of a man being ,f gored by an angry ball," as if a good- < natured ball would do such a thing. Fob an example of pare and unalloyed contempt, take a barber'a opinion of the man who is growing a fall beard. " Montmobenci is a fine actor," said Brown. " Yes," replied Fogg, " he is what you call a super-fine actor." It. was a son of Erin who asked the meeting to excuse him from serving on a 1 committee, " beoause he expected to be unexpectedly called, away." ! Officer to timid soldier : " Why, Pat, you are surely not going to turn coward ?" Pat : " Why, shure, I'd rayther be a coward for foive minutes than a corpse for the rest of my loife." The town of Paris, Tex., has raised a potato 5ft. long. The Oojaraao beetle hasn't heard of that fashionable summer resort. When it does we shall read of a potato bug to match. > Brown prides himself upon his firmness. He boasts that he never gives wav to his feelings. The boys say, however, that his : feelings wouldn't suffer from any giving on ! his part — not to any extent, you know. j A Fbenoh marshal was complimenting ; Marlborough on his victories in Flanders, i " Dear me," replied the modest hero, " you j know what success in a campaign means. X j made a hundred blunders, but you made a ! hundred and one." j Practising on fifes, cornets, or other wind | instruments will, it is said, improve the j condition of people with weak lungs. Not | only this, but it will improve the health of ! next door neighbours. Throwing bootjacks, ! old shoes, etc., is good exercise. # | A notorious thief, who was doing his i time, and would never conduct himself | to the prison rules, on being brought up | before the governor for about the twentieth : time, and being lectured by the latter, ! exclaimed ; - " I see it is no use ; I can't ; please you, sir ; so you had better turn me i out." An absent-minded professor, in going out j of the gateway of his college, ran against a i cow. In the confusion of the moment he i raised his hat and exclaimed. " I beg your ! pardon, madam." Soon after he stumbled j against a boy in the street. In sudden I recollection of his former mishap, he called ; out, " Is that you again, yea brute?" 1 Two countrymen came to a lawyer to : consult about bringing a joint suit against ! a neighbour. The first began to tell the lawyer the cause of the trouble, embellishing it rather liberally. "Don't tell him any j lies. Bill." interrupted the other. " It is his ! business to put in the lies. You will get him j confased if you go mixing your lies with his." "What a nuisance !" exclaimed a gentleman at a concert, as a young fop in front of him kept talking in a load voice to a lady at his side. " Did yon refer to me, sir !" threaten ingly demanded the fop. " Oh, no, I mean the musicians there, who keep up suoh a noise with their instruments that I can't hear your conversation," was the stinging reply. A fashionable young man had acquired considerable fame as a musical bore on the violin. One night at a social gathering he announced tbat be was going to send for a violin and draw a few of Beethoven's sonatas out of it, as it were. To bis amazement, all the gentlemen present volunteered to go for the fiddle, and up to date none of them have come back with it. Dr. Radcliffe was the leading doctor of Queen Anne's period, a bluff, gruff man, who lost his Royal patient by sending back word one day to Anne, when she sent for him, that Bhe was as well as anyone else, and refused to go. When a man who had laid a brick pavement before his door came for his money the doctor told him that he had spoilt it, and then covered it with earth to hide his bad work. " Doctor," replied the .man, " mine is not the only bad work earth hides/7 Masonic.— A contemporary gets the fol lowing story from a telegraph operator in a country town : " A member of the Masonic order telegraphed to a companion at a distance : " Blake room for ten Royal Arch Masons — coming to- day." When the com panions arrived they found a pen bad been built fcr their accommodation, the telegram at its destination reading: "Make room for ten ' rams' — coming to-day." An out-going tenant illustrates the ab surdity of some of the covenants in leases drawn in the ancient form of advertising in an English paper for 500 rats and about ten times that number of weeds, in order to fulfil his oovenant to leave the premises in pre cisely the same condition as that in which he found them. The rats, he adds, must be able-bodied, and no cripples will be received. Many years ago, on old Fort Hill, Boston, a poor Irishman had a little shoe maker's shop in which for many years he plied his trade, earning an honest living. One day he was amazed to see on the oppo site side of the street a sign which read : "Mods. Lafarge, shoemaker; just from Paris." He was very indignant, and felt that Monsieur was treading on his grounds. The next day he came out with a sign which read : " Pat Connelly, shoemaker ; never saw Paris, but defies competition." In the course of his cross-examination of Tom Oliver in a horse case by Mr. (now Baron) Huddleston, before Baron Martin, Tom made use of the expression, in connec tion with a certain horse, that " he was a sefe 'un." The learned counsel either did not, or pretended he did not, understand what the term meant, and pressed the witness for an explanation. Tom, however, was a very tough customer, and eluded his questicWer, until Mr. KuddleBton insisted upon his explaining to the jury the novel term, when the witness, leaning forward towards the counsel's table,, and jerking his thumb significantly at Baron Martin, said in a very audible aside, f,Ash hira." The effect was wonderful, and it was some little time before the Bench, bar, jury, and audience recovered their gravity. The following story is told of BsnBley, the actor. The spirits who alarm Richard HI. in his tent were wont to appear up a trap en buste. Bensley, having been playing Henry VI., was waiting impatiently to display his upper half as his own ghost, and having been invited to bud with some convivial friends after the performance, had divested himself of half bis costume to save time. Presently he appeared under the stage, his upper man solemnly arrayed in black velvet and bugles, the lower in a tight pair of smart new nankeen pantaloons. He placed himself upon the platform, cautioning the carpenter at the winch not to raise him too high, and, the cue being given, up he went. Close by stood a mischievous low comedian, who had been laughing at Bensley's odd appearance, and the spirit of fan being too strong for him, he suddenly gave the winch a few rapid turns, ran Ring Henry up to the level of the stage, and jerked him forward full into the sight of the audience. The roar of laughter which arose was tremendous. Even the conscience- smitten, terrified tyrant in the tent, at the i sight of the old Lancastrian monarch in a j costume belonging to two suoh different I periods, sat up and roared with the rest. I History. -- " Of course," said the old | gentleman, the life of the boardinghouse all j summer, " you remember that Washington i bad command of the famous Cuirassiers at ! Waterloo ?" " Certainly," replied young Dobhs. " And that if M'Clellan bad brought up his reserves in time the Greeks would have been driven from the field before Hannibal could have made his impetuous charge." " Yes," replied Dobbe, with the air of a man who knows all about it ; " yes, I have heard it so stated." "Why," con tinued the old gentleman, " you know what Darwin says about it ?" " Yes," replied Dobbs, feebly, wishing in his heart of hearts that ha did know. But the old gentleman relieved Dobbs's mind by adding . " Darwin, you know, says the tide of battle might have been turned at any hour of the day had Grant not failed to double- shot his Gatling guns." " Ofcjurse," echoed Dobbs, with a I frinmnlmnfc Innk n.i: t.hfi Ijptp.nini? IndieR. | " But," said the old gentleman, once more, i " I think Darwin hardly correct. If Arabi ; had not defeated Nebuchadnezzar at Malvern ; Hill, it is my opinion that Cfflsar would have ; routed Grouch's guerillas, and then beaten | Cicero's sharp shooters in detail." " That's ! the way I look at it," replied Dobbs. " Oh, it is, is it ?" asked the old gentleman, ; winking at the ladies. " Well, I am glad I have found a gentleman who cau agree with me on that point.", "The old gentleman walked away, leaving Dobbs as happy as a I lord ; be had made such a good impression, you know. But Dobbs would have given something nice to know what the women i folks were giggling about, confound them 1 