A REVERIE. (SUGGESTED BY READING THAT THE CORPORATION OF LONDON HAS PURCHASED EPPING FOREST.) SOME excellent news has arrived by mail— And even to where I'm camped it reaches— That great King Lud will preserve from sale The glades of Epping and Burnham Beeches. As I sit enthroned on my humble swag, I Bee the " wans " on each summer Sunday, I join with the costers who chase the stag From the famed Roebuck upon EaBter Monday. And I startle the woods with a loud bravo! For though through the wilds a drum I carry, I lived in Epping some years ago, And have sympathies keen with cockney 'Arry. It was there I fell prone to the force of love, And a light was lit that no time will smother ; There I walked with my own sweet turtle dove— (It's a dragged-in rhyme, but I've got no other). And we dreamt of a beautiful kind^of life, Unsullied by dirt, disease, or hunger— I was eleven, and my promised wife, I may here remark, was a trifle younger. We gathered the blackberries, seldom ripe— Green, not black, as a name were fitter; But I've gathered fruit of a different type Which, I'm free to confess, was just as bitter. We wandered along through the coarse-leaved ferns, And frequently startled the timorous bunny— At the building of castles we both took turns ; With no place in our scheme of life for money J I remember the thrill of the first salute That I gave while with May blooms her hair adorning; And Biggs he twigged me, and grinned—the brute! So I banged him, and put his eye in mourning, She thought me a hero after that; Aye, worthy to sit at King Arthur's table- But Biggs was a pimply boy, and fat, And I hammered him knowing that I was able. She married another—they always do— Life never turns out the way we plan it ; She is getting a family two by two, And as for her waist I should fail to span it. She is married to Biggs, the pimply cove ; But do not imagine that fact's a floorer ; For years I have let my affections rove— Of the sex as a whole I am now adorer. To place one's tin in a single bank Is a method not liked by this humble joker— If a cove doeB that he's himself to thank If the bank bursts up, and he goes a broker. The hopes of my youth have not been sustained ; Each promise it gave was an awful whopper; I have lost my dreams, and in place I've gained A knowledge of how I came a cropper. I have tried strange methods to earn my bread, To the humblest tasks have my strength devoted ; I've been picker-up in a shearers' shed, Been roust-about man for a black cook bloated. I've been engaged to cleanse the plates At those wonderful cribB where a meal's a tanner ; And informed my lord that "the carriage waits," As a humble supe., and carried a banner. I don't mind making the sad avowal— I have been at work in a ten-pin alley, And in sparring booths with a dirty towel I've fanned the bruisers before the rally. But I still feel a love for those grand old trees That sheltered my life in its early morning, When my curled locks waved in the scented breeze, Ere my life had become a theme for scorning. So I'll Bing to the woodman to spare the tree, And thrill with compassion the humble splitter, For there's something dear in those words to me Where the dark-hued song-birds chirp and twitter. The ghost of a glorious youth walks there ; A kid who was lavish of scent and collars ; Who with high-toned lubricants oiled his hair, And had never a thought of dimes and dollars. 