Love and HIIate. Sir Mark's condition underwent no appar ent change during the next day, nor the days that followed. Visitors were rigidly excluded from the baronet's chamber, and Fawney gained admittance only.once. Upon the oc casion of that single visit, Sir Mark was asleep, and the white and hollow face, the sunken eyes and -cheeks, the thin'drawn lips, all looked as though stamped .with the seal of death. Fawney went out with a solemn face, but with an exulting heart. 'He's dying !' he thought. ' It's better for him to go' off slowly; in this way, for no suspicions of foul means can be excited by his death. If he had dropped off at a minute's notice I might have been under arrest at this instant. The devil protects his own !' and he smiled strangely. " Two or three weeks thus passed. Sir Mark was supposed to be dying slowly. The Langworth physician visited him daily. The Trebasil practitioner spent half his days and nights in Sir ,Mark's chamber., Pendrake and the' nurse went 'in and out in list slippers, silent and solemn as ghosts. In truth, the condition of the baronet puzzled the worthy Langworth doctor, who had fathomed'Sir Mark's malady, and applied the proper remedies. The poison which had been so subtly.conveyed into Sir Mark's sys tem had been neutralized by powerlul anti dotes, but the invalid did not recover as ex pected. He did not arise.from his bed; he seemed to have no desire to get well; the springs of his life seemed poisoned ; ambition and will appeared alike paralyzed ; he was silent, brooding, thoughtful, oppressed with a great and ever-present trouble that made ex istence even intolerable to him. The Langworth physician had not imparted to his humbler colleague-nor to any other the secret of Sir Mark's illness. He kept this secret to himself, as he had promised his patient, and had looked for a speedy re covery. He 'began now to think it possible that his own skill and knowledge might go for naught, and that his patient might die, after all. In truth, Sir Mark was still very ill; His physical strength did not return to him, although his mind had never been clearer. Believing his unowned wife-that wife whom even now he loved to madness-to have sought his death by poison, in order ,to secure her own freedom to marry whom she would, he preferred death to life. He was tempted, at times, to send a secret message to Joliette, informing her that he knew all her wickedness; but he resolved to keep silent until he 'should meet her again, face to face. ' There shall be a last interview between us,' he said to himself, grimly. And then she and I will part for ever 1' He came to this conclusion one morning, as he lay in bed, his eyes fixed upon the play of the firelight on the wall. The March winds were blowing outside in fierce gusts, and the gray light stole dimly in at the win dows. Pendrake was moving to and fro softly, in list slippers, .his honest eyes often 'turning to his master's grim; white countenance.' 'Seems as though you should be up this morning,. Sir Mark,' said the valet, approach ing ,the: bedside. ' You have been a long time ill.' ' e. ' Yes, a long time-an age it seems to me,' said Sir Mark, feebly, with a sigh. '. 'Well, I'm not, much missed, eh Pendrake ?' 'Iig~deed you. are, .sir;' replied.the, man, warmly. 'The castle is still as death, and; the servants go about like'shadows, sir. The London newspapers have had accounts of your illness, and the county people call or send every day to inquire after you, sir. There's: liot. agentlemari in the county:would be more missed. And the villagers at Trebasil are anxious and sorrowful, and prayers are offered up for you in the church, and the tenants and the miners-' ' Yes, , I; know,' said Sir Mark, ' wearily. Do the Abbey people ever inquire after me ?' 'Yes, sir, Miss Stair sends 'a mounted groom to makes inquiries morning and even ing.' ' Ah i Is Mr. Fawney here still ?' 'Yes, sir. 'He offers every day to watch by you anid to nurse you. He's master here; after a sort, now that you are so ill, Sir Mark.' Master ? How is that ?' He is your heir, they say, sir,' answered' Pendrake, hesitatingly. ' And he carries; hiinself as if he were master already.' Sir` Mark's face darkened. 'I may., cheat him yet,' he muttered. 'IMy heir;!'Why, so he is, if Park is' dead l My heir I And her lover !' he added, in an in audible voice. If I were to die, then they" would have nothing more to wish for.' He turned his face to the wall. Pendrakie was' truthful in declaring tliat Fawney had assumed the airs of master of the castle. The villain exulted in his ap proaching triumph. He believed that Sir. Mark's days, 'hours even, were numbered. All things were prospering with Fawney. It was true that Gannard had not suc ceeded in his designs against Joliette's infant son. Gannard had summoned his half-sister down from London, and she was stopping at Langworth, ready to carry out his purposes. 'I have made a mistake,' said Gannard, addressing his master about dusk 6t;the same day upon which'had occurred the' brief con versation between Sir Mark. and his valet, which we have chronicled. 'I visit the Abbey grounds at too late an hour.' 'I wonder we didn't think of that before !" said Fawne)'. 'We have lost three weeks'by your mistake. It's my good fortune that Sir Mark hasn't dropped off before our plans were all matured.' ' MIy sister is already on her way to the Monk's Walk at the Abbey,' said Gannard. 'I told her last night to arrive there at dusk instead of later. She may be awaiting me there now. 1 shall go immediately. Twice I'have entered the Monk's Walk in time to see the nurse disappear within the ruins. Last night I saw her. To-night I shall be in time. 'I will go with you,' said Fawney. 'Or rather I will slip out of the Castle unseen and follow you. To-night we must achieve something, or confess ourselves, inadequate. You have searched the town of Langworth, the village of Trebasil, and found no clue to the nuise and child. I shall begin to think that we are beaten-and by a woman-unless we do something to-night.' Gannard assented, and hurried away upon his nefarious errand. A few minutes later Fawney secretly followed him. The night was pleasant, with a brisk wind and with starlight. Fawney' traversed the distance between the castle and the Abbey briskly. He was nervous and ill at ease. His weeks of inaction had fretted him. 'If we don't get track of the boy, to-night," he said to hiniself, ' we must adopt bolder measures.' He threaded the Abbey park and came alniost silently into the dense shadow of the Monk' Walk. He halted and leaned against a giant trunk, listening and peering. Nothing was to be seen of his conifederates. 'No doubt they were hidden like hiiself, and near at hand. Suddenly the sound of `gentle footfalls smote his excited hearing. . And then among the shadows, approaching him, moved a deeper shadow-the figure of a woman with a child in her arms. 