TEE SUPERSTITIONS OF OUR ANCESTORS. An entertaining and instructive lecture, on tlie above subject was delivered at the Wcsleyan Chapel, Forest‐street, last evening by the Rev. E. J. Watlcin, president of the Wealeyan Conferonco. The rev. gentleman was supported on the plat form by the llevs. 11. C. li'lockhart and W. Blamires. The former gentleman occupied the chair, and introduced the lecturer, remarking that they had seldom the pleasure of seeing both the president and secretary of the conference on the platform together in Sandhurst, and ho was sure that they would both receive a hearty wel come, and that all presont would be thankful to the lecturer for attending on that occasion. Tho Kev. 13. J. Watkin was roceived with loud applause. Dealing with tho subject matter of his lecture upon " The superstitions of our ancestors," he held that superstition in tho strictest sonse of the word was a falsa religious belief, but in its popular sense it meant an absurd belief. He pur posed to make comparatively little reference to the absurd beliefs of our ancestors, although there could be little doubt but that many of the supersti tions of our ancestors originated in the religious be liefs of the British, lloinan, Scandinavian, Danish, Saxon and Norman races, all of whom had com mingled their blood in the Knglish nation of to- day. Our forefathers had superstitions in reference to life and death, health and disease, fortune and misfortune, births, marriages, doaths, omens, ghosts, witches, fairies, and giants—superstitions, which in the majority of cases, wore enslaving in their influenco, and from which we were not ontiroly emancipated. Referring to lucky and unlucky days, lie said this class of superstition had obtained in all land*. In Roman almanacs the lucky days were marked with white, and the un lucky days with black characters. In his epistle to the Ualations, St. l'aul robukes them for observing days, and months, and times, and years. Augustino, iu his commentary on that epistle, says that Paul was rebuking those who would not sot out on a journey unless the moon or stars were in a certain position. Apothecaries had favorite days for gathoring herbs; sailors for setting out on thoir voyapes; young people expected that their married lives would be fuller of happiness if they chose certain judged what the character of their children would be from the days of the week on which they were born. Certain days in the year were tabooed as perilous for many tilings, and six days were declared to be perilous, and men wero therefore forbiddon in an old book entitled " The Book of Knowledge," to be bled oil those days or to take any drink. These days were 3rd January, 1st July, 2nd October, 30th April, 1st August, 31st December. These six days were to bo kept with great diligence, but mainly tho latter three, for on thoso days the veins were full. It was universally thought in England that a child's character was influenced by tho day of its birth, and different dispositions were supposed to bo dispensed on different days of the week. In a book called " Precepts," left by William Cecil Lord Burleigh to his son, wo read, "Though I do not think any day amiss to unkcrtake any good enter prise or business in hand, yet have I observod some and no mean clarkas very cantionairo to forbear these three Mondays in tho year— (1.) Tho first Monday in April, on which day Cain was born and Abel was slain. (2.) The second Monday in August, on which day Soddom and (Inmorrah were destroyed. (3.) The last Monday in December, on which day Judas was born that betrayed our Saviour, Christ." May was regarded as an unlucky month; the day of the week on which l-lth May fell was an unlucky ono for the rest of the year. All those who married on Tuesdays and Wednesdays would be happy. A business commenced on Friday would not prosper; to change residence on that day might be expected to precede misfortune; a servant should never com mence hor duties in a house on Friday; sailors would not willingly commence a voyage on that day. If they did sail on that day thoy might expect storm and shipwreck. He had heard of a merchant in America, who had a ship commenced to be built on a Friday, she was launched on a Friday, sailed on a Friday, and whs commanded by a captain named Friday, but from the day of hor leaving port she was never heard of more. On Now Year's Eve, many a housewife, after putting out the iire, would spread the ashes over a floor, expecting to find the next morning the mark of a footstep, which, if it pointed towards the door, would presage a death during the year. Good Friday was another day about which super stition clustered. It was thought that bread baked 011 that day would never grow mouldy. Similarly superstitions were couuocted with St. Mark's Eve, 25th April; St. Swithus's Day, 15th July; Old St. James' Day, lioth July ; and other days. In the Highlands of Scotland there wero practices which were 110 doubt relics of heathenism. Consecrated cakes wcra offered to the fox, the hooded crow, and the eagle. Throwing a piece of cake over the shoulder, the Highlander would say "This I give thee, 0 fox, sp.iro thou my lambs." Another class of super stition had reference to omens, and these added not a little to tho stock of human misery. It is easy to bo wise after tho event, and there wero those who knew that James II was not to have a happy reign, because the crown tottered on liis head when placed there. Sneezing has been regarded .is ominous from timo im memorial. _ By the Greeks it was believed that sneezing to tho left was unlucky, and the right lucky. To the present time a practice pre vailed ol saying " liod bless you" wtion a person happens to sneeze. To stumble going down stairs was a bad sign, but to stumble in going up stairs was considered a favorable omen, To break a looking-glass was sure to be followed by a death in tho family. Howling of dogs, bleeding of the nose, shivering, and itching were all considered ominous. It was unlucky to put a loaf on a table upside down, to cut butter at both ends, to place the bellows on the table, to cross your knife and fork, etc. Thn owl and ravon wore regarded as birds of evil omon. It was unlucky to kill a cricket. To meet a hare in tho oarly morning was a bad omen, but to meet a fox was of good presage. Various superstitions were connected with bees. If the master of a house hold died it was necessary to inform the bees, or evil results would follow. In Sussex it was once customary to invito them to the funeral, and ask them to work henceforth for .someone else. A large class of superstitions referred to fairies, who were held responsible for many things, good, bad, and indifferent. They were feared, but had no power over anyone who had turned his coat. Very many boautiful tales were told in reference to fairies. Children suffering from mesenteric disease, who wasted away, were looked upon as change lings. In Cornwall 110 less than six classes of fairies wero recognised. Many superstitious ideas were connected with mermaids and giants, and numerous tales were told of theso mythical personages. In Cornwall giants were represented as being fond of amuse ments, and huge boulders were shown where they played at trap, ball, quoits or hurling, and some times with men. ' Ono when playing with men was bo riolighted at the play of a fino young man that he patted him on thg head to show his approval. Tho giant's hand, however, proved too much fur tho man, fur it scattered hid brains on the grass. Witchcraft was a most objectionable form of superstition, and had caused many cruel ties in former times. Two hundred years ago a belief in witches was universal. It was generally believed that an old woman could sell herself to the devil, and could then ride through the air, raise wind, cause sickness and death, etc. Matthew Hopkins was a noted witch-finder, and in one year had caused no less than CO persons to be burnt to death for witchcraft. Our ancestors were great believers in ghosts and apparitions. A belief in ghosts had its foundation in a belief in tho immortality of the soul, and that the spirits of the departed had not lost their interest in ttio worm uiuy ami icu. Tiie question arises, liorl ghosts or apparitions ever appeared to men ? They might have done so, but such occasions were very rare. There have been persons whoso imaginations have been very strong, and whoso nervous systoms have been unstrung, who havo imagined they have seen ghosts, but in nearly every case they have been mistaken. Dr. Johnson, speaking of ghosts, said:—"Itis wonder ful that 5,000 years havo passed away since the creation of the world, and it is still undecided whether or not there has ever been an instance in which the spirit of the doparted has ever appoarcdafter death." No doubt, many ghost stories had some foundation, and an excited fancy had dono tho rest. Haunted houses wcro a fruit ful source of superstitious stones, as aiso were dreams and visions. Such were some of the super stitions of our ancestors. Soma of them were harmless, but many of them were harmful and de grading. They were the children of ignorance and were founded on mistaken views of God, and of God's providential government of the world, and they had filled many a life with darkness and fear, which but for them would have known much of sunshine. Many of these superstitions were now extinct; some of them still existed, but as God'3 works were better known, and God's providence bettor understood the mists of superstition would be dispelled, and their children's children would he trusted he entirely emancipated frem those superstitions which had so long enslaved their ancestors. 