BREVITES. That loan will yet be floated. 'Frisco mail expected Saturday. Ship Ann Duthie sold in London for £4750. H.M.S. Nelson is due at Hobson's Bay to-day. Colonel Ike Austin opens in Melbourne shortly. Silva, the Paddington shootist, unfit to be at large. The new racecourse at Canterbury is in racing order. S.S. Newcomen left Melbourne for Calcutta with 330 horses. S.S. Iberia, from London for Sydney, leaves Mel- bourne to-day. Garonne, steamship, left Plymouth for Australia, on December 14. James Carey's murderer hanged. Another injus- tice to Ireland. Parramatta Juvenile Exhibition opens to-morrow A great day for the old town. Mr. Addison, S.W., disposed of 42 cases in the Water Police summons court. A carter drowned in a waterhole at Eandwick yes terday. He couldn't swim. The audience at the Opera Hcus& very enthusiastic over the " Crushed Tragedian." R.M.S. City of Sydney, from Frisco for Sydney, left Auckland at 8 this morning. Pread lowered £d to- day. TheTjakers could afford fe- Tfoduce the price much lower. Mr. Eeid, Minister for Public Instruction, visits 4he Kindergarten school this afternoon. Mr. Addison, S.M., disposed of 23 general sum- mons cases at the Water police court yesterday morn ing. Mr. J. M. Curtis thinks that his Saturday's win ?with the Doris is an omen proph?tic of future suc cess. Joy among certain council officials to-day. In crease of salaries recommended by the finance com mittee. The Concord Council meetings are at present held in the old echool-house, 'Wharf -road, near the Livei pool-roa.d. The aldermen in the new council at Concord are man who will work with a Trill for tho improvement cf the borough. Tha ' Evening News ' will be a double paper from to-day till the holidays. Advertisers -will please send in their favours as earlv as ?possible. ? Captain Amizaga, of the Italian warship Caracciola, entertained the Ministry and s. nT-.iE.ber of other gen tlemen on board his vessel to-dii;.'- Mr. Dillon presided in the charge court at the Central to-day. There were comparatively few ?cases on the list ; but some of these were of import ance. A man, 32 years of age, named Hwnry J. Eis, was charged with deserting from H.TS-S. Eosario, on 3Tebruary2C, 1872. He was remanded to the naval Authorities. The raporters' desk at the Water Police summons court is usually occupied by civilians and constables, sind the reporters have to write on their knees. Nice for the Press. We have been requested to say that Mr. Buchanan «nd Mr. Lackey paired off from the division on the .second reading of the Land Bill — the former for and the latter against the bill. Mr. Buchanan, S.M., presided at the Water police .charge court this morning, and seated on the bench ?with him were Messrs. Hourigan, Manning, and Dr. IMoigtn, of Newcastle, Je.P. Mr. Alfred Bray, of Concord, is the first mayor. It speaks well for the future of the borough when gentlemen like Mir. Bray are willing to take part in its municipal government. . Yesterday was the Transit Commissioners day at the Water police court. Inspector Oram had 46 ?cases for trial. Mr. Addison inflicted some heavy ifinea on cabmen for loitering in the street. When a young clerk enters the bench by the wrong ?door at the Water police court Sergeant Kenny pro ceeds to open the court and call out silence. Bough -on the clerk when Kenny finds out his mistake. The mayor and aldermen of tho new borough of Concord are earnestly at work getting their ma chinery ship-shape. ByJaws are being prepared, and -will shortly be submitted to the council for approval. Mr. .Frank Day, J.P., of Bellaringar station, near ID''-bo, cnt his throat on Saturday night. He_hsc .B. -PPa .Ari Itao-vrtr ljtccaa f^ni*infr ror^ftn^ HP3.SOT1S- and it Q '-thought that this fact preyed upon his mind. The woman Elizabeth Connor, charged with steal ing £5 at the Central yesterday, and whose case was reported in the ' News' of that date, was this morn lag committed to take her trial at the next court of quarter sessions. Apples and grapes promise to be very plentiful -this season, in the orchards about Concord, while -peaches and other stone fruits will be scarce. The i-eeasoa commenced well, but the trees all made too nnuch wood. At the Water police summons court yesterday morning, Francis Piper was ordered by Mr. Addison, S.M., to pay 15s per week for 12 months for the main tenance of his wife, Catherine Piper, or 13 months gaol. Bail was granted — himself in £40 and one in -£40. M *? I^awiam Tn *«.!-- «Trltt ca viAa^v Ins?: lilK llf A f)Tl Sunday when the Dreamland was run down by the ♦Glenelg, is progressing favourably towards recovery. TT« is at present located at Bowden's Club Hotel, ?where he is attended by Dr. M'Kellar. .From Dr. Markey's evidence in the Paddington ??ghosting case : ** People subject to epileptic fits are liable to go off into sudden paroxysms of violence and crime. Such are not safe to be at large. There are Jots of people suffering from epilepsy walking about -.the streets.' What a comforting thoright ! A man named William Williams, employed at -3bard's wool stores, met with a very peculiar acci dent yesterday. He was goine up aloft on a bale cf wool, when the rope slipped, the bale came down, and Williams accompanying the bale broke his leg. He -was taken to the hospital. Uo business was done on Monday night at the Xeichhardt Council after two hours' discussion. The '-minuvtes of the previous meeting were not confirmed ; mccounts for the payment ot workmen were not 'jpaesed ; business in full council came to a complete ^deadlock, and the meeting was abruptly closed. ' The Christmas prizes at Macdonaldtown public taLiool were distributed by Mr. Board on December 14, in the presence of a large assemblage. The part music, the recitations and needlework, were much admired. Mr. Pitt, the late master, has been ap ?nnitifof) Tnsnfifttor of Schools under the Public In struction Department. ' The first infraction of the new law which compels 'persons to give notice of the presence of rabbits on their prouiid, occurred at Burrnmbuttock a few days Vbgo. Thsman in question is a German selector, who, -;yhen summoned for the offence at the Albury police courfr to-day, pleaded guilty through ignorance of the 3aw, aiid was lined 10s and costs. Wo h&ve; received from the publishers, Messrs. E. -C. Knaegs and Co., Newcastle ** copies of the ' New castle Nautical Almanac, Directory, and Guide to ^fche Port of Newcastle,' and the ' Newcastle City and Country Alamanac and Directory' for 188 J. ?These useful and old established publications main tain their high qualities as standard works of re ference. ' Larrikins in at least two districts must now be cautious. A by-law has hcen passed by Sfc._ Peters -council, confirmed, and gazetted, authorising any .officer of the conncil or police ofEoer to summon per vsons loitering, or interfering with traffic. The penalty Va conviction is not to be more than J&, nor lees than 1C« — quite enough to stop the nuisance. The Kevj ? tnw^ council has passed a similar by- law. ?? Town and Country Journal.' — Notice to adver 'tisers. — ^dvertisemettte for the Christmas number of ' -the ' Towii aad Country ' {guaranteed circulat&gp;, SO 000) must, be in not lasjtertfcsa 10 p.m. this oven jng, 17th inst- AdveriaEeriJents received subsequently ?will be charged at rate of 12b pet inoh if they can be inserted. . , . ' ?; At the Water police court this morning, before Mr, , Uttchanan, S.M-, two yonng man named JameB 'Eogaxvy and Egbert Poole were charged with using: filtny and obscene langnageinAyoca-st. The language j -.uB--.d byFogarty was: of the vilfisi possible deBonp-; ution, and was used in conversation with a companion. 3Ie was fined Jso, or in default, tttfcs months' impri sonment. Poole wag fined 40s, or one iBogth. il- ,' ? Ibench observed that it was to b3 hoped that ©tfcjaya «5Foold take warning by the case. . . The Sacred Choral Association announces The: Meesialr' to take ;placo this evening at the Protest ant HalL Madame Eosaly iHerz, Mies Sheri4*n3$eea, IBev. Dr. i-His, aad Mr. fiallewell will be the solojife?, jan'd the pianist aud organist Mr. Joseph ilaseey jjM Mx, Arthur Massey. Tie choruses will besungjby, caliont 100 voices, and-ihe-ts»cort will be under -the; ?coaduetorship of Mr. Albert Fiaser. nuder whose care ?the -whois has been carefully prepared. .'?:;?''.'?. Boys' suite for Chsiatoiu. The cheapest A^^? ?ihese is Eiley Brothers.— A»TT- ; ?'?'' Blue-band cigorj, 3s box. Den's, 696, fie^e etreet. — Abvt. - . ?. ;. Peerless cigarettes, 25 i» bundle, 6a. Dan's, gg§, -3eorge-street. — Abvr. . .. -, .= 1 Hard-to-beat navy tobacco, Is 4d lb. J)ua%-&6, -3eorge-street. — Advt. ? :. '. ,: 'f' Meerschaum pipes, in cases. Is 6d e&es;, , ?Pan s, ?CSS, George-stceet.— Advt. . ^ . , CJoogee Park, next Saturday, 200 choice eitei, T«ry ?easy terms. Call for lithoe. Ohristmas Box. Smith, Chapman, asid Smith. — Auvrr. i';,/ ... ' Prove regartt-.for your family by Ivemrmg your. HAte, see B: Short, Arpade Entrance, seaaOpgJKnXaa ^December next.— Ad**. ? . . . 4^y^.i- ? Persons wishing to bmre fiharesinKo.SSammer ?Cup had better make early ?jHjlication. /Pattw»»U!fl -3up now open. Address— Sai^arfiatt's, ? o8»v«'Mi-: Adams. TattareaU'e Hotel, Sy^ey;7-ApTff^;;^.*;& At 10s. 3?irfltlioree,-£i000; a»oond^o,'JS25©^'|iJ»^d A-, J815O: etaaters, divided, &2M; mon^irite^ ^dmded, iB200; prizefiaa. Je700j *o*aJ;aB2^i^ni 3STcwr Tear'* D^. VTi BuxxOox^ '-ittm^sr^mki HS5, G.P.O. Pia«t filling. l^dywpJicRtiona »we»- ; parr, y^'t^g6JH^aa^Mfr^J^^e%f:-/^ ,^,j ? . -' -p*'-:- ???'' ;?? ''??:' *: : 