CITOULAR HEAD. (Pnoat ou?OowN connESPONDF.NT.) SThe proposed export duty on binokwood created such excitement among our good people that thOe ploeiCo immoO'liately spiked the guns (forty old Enfield rifles) and destroyed the whole of the seven routnd of oamrnoltion in store. Fortunotoly popular feeling found adignifled vent in the very ahlo protest forwardol to the Examiner, which should' command the careful consideration of all sensible Parliamentaty mani, be they few or many. If there e e anything to justify this blackwood enare, it is surely possible to preserve the timboer o Crown proeorties irlthout resort to extreme mo?hites tending .to interfere with private, rights, and ealculatoed to check settlenmot on the public lan-Is. The settler in many instances regards the, sale of the Ilacwood on his seleotion as a help towrards defraving the enormoa exponsos of olearing ; and the proposed impost would consign it to the log-heap and the fire. lnoekhootl may stand for ages on the Crown lands if ntod be, but cannot be suifernd to enmber the ground whioh the farmer de.iroe to Iring under the plough. An export duty on an article that we have no means oft utiisieg in 'Taninhia sdem, ratier absurd, and if the notio be theI naturral ensRa. quenree of an ovetflowing treasury, it is peculiar to any the least of it. To such of our replresentativea, as occasionally relax a little in the refroelment-rooms, may I suggest the old song:- IWoodman spare tliat tree, Touch not a singleobough ; Int youth it sheltored me, And I'll proteot it inow." TiThe disaster to the schooner Florenou at Montigit River, of, which I aporised you by wle has occaioned general regret, as it dieprives'ts of" the services of the only rdegular trader at present plying betweon this port and iaelbourne. O?altain I[ughes arrived last night, ntd made his statement rog.rding tie casualty biftdto tim onilo:r of Custioms to-day, who will decldo whether tfurther onquiry be necessary. It appearnr that the'Florence, after i favourable run froin.tulburnrte entered Rbin're Passage on Thursdy. last, and all went utwell until near Ing the mouth of the IMontagt River. Hefre, owing to a'sadden equlll, the captain, firiditg that the vessel wonld not weather the rooks on thie' ieit slloro, let go his anchor, whilch, tnflor tunately, did not hold. A kedge was subse. quently run out, but also camoe home, and the schooner gradually drifted on to her anchor, which, as the tide fell, store in the starboard quarter. WYhen the vessel floated she served the larboard side in the sano way, and the holes had to be plugged and the pumps set to work before anything further could be done. MIiafortuno seldom cuomes sinuly, and on tlhe following morning (Friday), in hlultng into the lchnnel, the schooner stuck upon a hard rise amidships and broke the keelson. The vessel now lies In the river eomple'ely hogged, as the term goes, and whither she is worth repairing or not can only Io determined by a survey. Creit sympathy is felt for the worthy skipper, Captain tIuglies, woseo kitilly distlorition and punethilliy n business matters has, imde him many fritinda. M fr. Wiliam Julohn Dotwle, of Mlontague, captured last week a handsome specimen of tue Tusmntianlc tiger, which ire was anxious, if possible, to secure alive. ?uzteling the ereature ay somo ians, to me Incomprelnusible, ihe placed it beforo bht n otn ti saddle ant set oil to ride the thirty miles that lay beot'reen him and Stanley. (Ituoredib?tu it may seemn, three parts of the distnnco had natually beent cemplishedt before" the unhaply tiger, doubtless half suffocated and wholly. terrified, gae unip the ghost., The pltky raptor, making the boat 'of a Lad job, arefully skinned the aninmal and pro. pared'the hones in the manner prescribed, no that a good opportunity Is now offered to any. onowihiting to seureo a spOelcime for sotting up.' Tboe beast was apparently in his Recind year, was in fine condition, and nhad a remarkahly pretty skin. A yooignwhale with but slight reverence, for the iuabbth camen ashore on Sunday morning near thie wharf, and was seon slaughteled. The animal measured twenty-one feet, and viewed through a poworhll magnigying glass looked remarkably well. I purchased tihe reature, thiniking it would prove on acceptable present at the Examiner offie, but could tinot gree with tho'Devon's people about the freight. "But never mind, ' there's as good fish in the sea an over came oat of it." Circular HIead, Oct. 8. [We gratefully recognis theo kind thought. fureors of oureorrespondent, but we are uudor an equal obligation to the Devon people, as our aquarium Was not conatlucted with a view to' acnecommodating even a young whale. If, how ever, hie ca induce .ir, Cowls or any other friend in the " far wost". to capture a living Ta.smnian tiger antd forward it to'tio olleo-, tito, in the Town Park in this town, ile will peor form a service for which he will receive the thankaof a greteful community. If a pair tof these antmals cani he obtained, so much theo hetter;--ED. . _.. 