JACOBFS WIFE. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Her Work In ijfW* " Bs/ond Becal; a btory of Che Egyptian war." &c.;, Ac. CHAPIRH VII. BK«I£IX)1 VAftM. The time oame at length when Joan was free to so back to the farm, Tho finances were oat of danger: the other owes of fever in the village had been slights and the oare taken by Joan and Doctor Ambrose had pre* vented infection from spreading. Long con* finement in tne boos* Afid attendance in the sick-room bad tried, Joan's nerves and strength'more than she liked to acknowledge, Her oneek had,a paler tint and a sharper oat' lino than it had worn in former days. Bat her step was firm and light; it was a great pleasure to her to go back to the old. home life. A widowed sister of her mother's had boon keeping house for hec, as she was io the habit of doing on an? emergency; but Mrs. Tuke was now wishful to return to her own little oottage on the borders of the village, and joan felt that her place was with hev fataer. She knew that he wonld miss Lake sorely; Soth was too silent and morose to 611 the void made by the voonger ami's absenoe* and he was also madn ooenpied by the fact of his reoont betrothal to a pretty round'faoed village girl called Patty Price, and was seldom at home in the evenings. Joan thought with some pleasure of the resumption of her household duties; they were never a tie or a trouble to her, ana she could never contemplate with equanimity the severity with which Aunt Lydia sometimes treated the farm servants, or the waste of money and food which would probably begin with Patty's reiiQi She quickened ner steps as she neared the farmhouse door in the golden glow of an August afternoon* for unusual sounds of voicos and of laughter broke upon her ears. On entering the house she discovered that they proceeded from the parlour, which, in accordance with her mother's custom, Joan generally kept shut and locked. Here she found the tea-table eproad, and the whole family assembled round it. Aunt Lydia, resplendent in black silk, and a cap adorned with nodding and funeral bugles, sat at the tea-tray. Reuben Darenth was opposite her, UDcomfortable and ill at ease in appearance: Setb, in his Snnday clothes, wore a look of solemn satisfaction, rarely to be seen on his dark, heavy face*, and beside him eat the cause of all this unusual merrymaking, in the person of Miss Patty Price. It was a mystery to every one what Seth Darenth could find to admire in this girl with her vain, pretty face, her fringe of yellow colours, her constant attempt to copy the current fashions in dress and manner. She had been to a third-rate boarding-school, and had there aoquired a hundred little airs and affectations whioh were an abomination in.Joan's sight; and she pretended to look down upon Joan and to oonsider her peculiar and old-maidish. In reality she was thoroughly afraid of her future sister-in- law, and felt bound to protest against her own timidity by an assumption of great familiarity ana patronage. Joan did not come straight from the Spences* cottaze to her home. She had removed with tnom into a small unoccupied house belonging to Doctor Ambrose while their own dwelling was cleansed and disinfected, and after spending a week with them there, she had gone away from Charnwood altogether for several days to visit a friend. So mere was absolutely no need for Patty Price to gather up her flounces and shrink away from Joan's proffered hand as if fearing infection, and this was carefully explained to her; while Joan, rather hurt in ner mind, offered to leave the room BO long as Patty was in it, if she or Seth felt afraid. But Patty took courage, and declared that she was not afraid at all, and then Joan sat down beside her father, and looking round with a smile, said that it waa pleasant to be at home again. " I'm sure, then, I wonder that you ever went away, said Patty pertly. " I can't imagine what pleasure you find in running about from place to place—/ like staying at home, for my part." She looked at Seth for approval, and he rewarded her with a sat-ished smile. Joan coloured, but said nothing in reply. "And how were the Spences? said Mrs. Tuke, in a thin, high voice. " It's a mercy for them that they had a friend like you, Joan, for what they wonld ha' done, left to themselves, the Lord only knowB. It's beyond me, at any rate. StiQ, as the saying is, ' charity begins at home.'" " Ves, indeed," said Patty, with a carious little sniff. "And now you've returned," continued Mrs. Tuke, " I suppose we needn't go sending milk to the Spences&nd; the Joneses day after day, as we've been doiiig for the last six weeks or more, and not a penny in return" i ou don't mean to say you've been giving awav good milk?" said Patty, genuinely shocked. " Why. you don't think we should wait till it had gone sour, do you ?" said the old farmer rather grimly. " Well, I never," was the young damsel's sole reply. But Iter pursed- up lips expressed all the disapproval whioh she did not like to put into words. " It w a waste," said Mrs. Tuke mournfully. "No return for it at all; and no gratitude. Folks call it lending to the Lord, but I do wish Bomctinies He'd pay interest. And Joan oomioe homo not able to eat a bite or drink a sup, because she's been spending her health and strength on a set of sliiftlcsa sick jteople, and looking as white as B ghost, or else,' said Mrs. Tuke, glancing at Joan, " as she is now, as red as a peony, though not so brown in the cheeks" Mrs. Tuke subsided. For Joan, with that sudden crimson in her face, was sitting up and speaking low, distinct, r?solutc tonus. "If 1 cannot eat or drink." she said, addressing herself to her aunt, it is bccause 1 hear you call charity, waste; and cave lor the poor, a vaiu expense of strength and time. How can I sit sad eat when 1 hear these words? I would sooner give the bit from my own plate than lot the poor go hungry." She had come home in a state of nervous wcuriuc8s which made her unable to take buck comments quietly. Patty looked at her with a minding of resentment and terror; but Mrs. TuKe continued in heriuplii^ treble, all unmoved by Jouu'e smouldering excitement. That's where you was always so silly, Joan. Giving the bit away from your own plate, indeed! As if the poor didn't get enough scrape from the farm, what with milk and broken meat aud broth, and nobody knows what! Sinful waste I call it, and them that wastes will come to want." It's what mother never allows," safd Patty. "She won't give awayapenuy nor a crust of bread. She says it's encouraging the poor." Joan looked at her earnestly, with a softer light in her dark eyes, and rested her clasped hands on the table as she spoke. " And who else encouraged the poor, Patty? Are we not to remember who it was that left us the poor as a most blessed charge? * The poor {re have always with you, A far-away ook came into her face—she looked as if she wore listening to some distant voice of music. Patty shrugged her shoulders. "Oh, if you're fioing to bring religion in!" she exclaimed, and then she glanced at Seth and laughed. " We shan't be always giving away our substance like Joan, I'm sure, shall we. Seth ?" " We shall do what's just and right, belike," said Seth, in his slow, heavy tones. " Bat I doubt that Joan is overload of giving and spending. n " What do you think, father ?" said Joan, with a note of passionate appeal in her voice. Reuben Darenth moved uneasily in his chair. "Well," said he, trying to evade the difficulty, " there's truth on both sides," and left the] qaestion exactly where it was before. Joan was silent, but foolish little Patty could not let the matter rest " Well, if ever I'm mistress here," she said, tos&ing; her head and seeming quite unooDScious of anything objectionable in her remark, ''there's many things of that kind that I shall change. The village people '11 find the difference." " The difference between selfishness and charity," said Joaa, with a flash of scorn. "That's right; take the credit to yourself,** bsaid Patty, with an angry jerk of her chin. , l I only do what my mother did before me," said Joan, turning rather pale, and riaing from her scat " And if her ways are to be changed, and if Hillside Farm is to be known as a nlace where poor folks are crudgod a drink of milk aud acrastof bread, I trust I may bo mi.es away from it before I see that day." " I'm sure I trust you may," Patty callcd after her, as Joan left the room. Then, toeing indignation on Mrs. Tuke's brow, ana discomfort dcpictod in tho countenance of the two men, alio burst ioto tears, and tinilly dtjiarted in high dudgeon, with Seth to see her home through the oountry lanes. Mrs. Tuke immediately announced herself ill with a bad headache, and retired to her room with a Bible and a basin of gruel: Farmer Darenth roamed abont the farm-yard and garden for a little while in a restless May; finally, catching sight of Joan in the kitchen, he oame in and seated himself in his arm-chair between the fireplace and the window. The evening was beginning to fall, end the wind was rather cold ; he stined the lire once or twice, and sent the bright flames Ic&pine; up the ohimney; but still he did uot speik. Joan, stepping backwards and forwards from kitchen ,to scullery, or dairy, with quick, decisive; movements, cast an occasional troubled 'telapcd towards Jhim. When all her trork was done she came 'and laid her hand bn hia shoulder. "Fafcner, H ahesitd, "did IdpeakwrohglyT "Well, Joan; I can't aay that yoa dii" M What then, father ?" "You were a hit hasty, a bit imprudent maybe." "If I was right,* 1 said Joan, with almost an impatient Bound In her voice, " what does that matter ?" Her father shook hia head. Evidently he was m at ease. "Tell me, father,* 4 she said, trying to speak verygently,What it is yoa really mean." > r Well, yoa spoke a trifle sharp, Joan," said Reuben Darenth, with some resoluteness. " Not but what you mifht be right in the maim But Patty Price is to be Seth's wife, seems. Patty and Seth will have the farm after me; ana now you've offended Patty." * " Yes," Joan assented quietly. " That's a pity, yoa know, Joan." " Why is it a pity, lather? If I think.she is wrong'in her way of looking at things, why shouldn't I aay so? You do not wish the farm to go back from its old way. and be juet the means of earning a living instead of a means of helping others f' Joan's voice was growing indignant again. " We'd better have made more money than we have, perhaps," returned the tather. "Not that T grudge what we've spent on other people, either money or time, but I know Chat I haven't always thought for my own children as I might have done. When I die I shan't die a rich man. I may leave yoa a matter of two or three hundred pounds, and to Luke the same, and Seth will go on with the farm, but two or three hundred pounds is little enough if ycu come to live on it, or to set up in business, and uoless you keep friends with Patty the farm won't be your home any longer." "I know it woiTt, father. I should not wish it to be so if you were gone," said Joan. She had seated herself on a stool at her father's feet, and clapped her hands round his knees. Reuben Dareuth looked at her firmly. They were quite alone, for the farmservants generally gathered for the eveuing in an outer kitchen, and the door of communication between the two was shut. " What would you do then, Joau ?" "I think, father, if nobody wanted me here, I would go up to London and learn how to be a really good nurse. Doctor Ambrose says there's a great deal to be done in hospitals. I'm strong, and can beat seeing pain and sickness. 1 think I should make a goyd nurse." "Maybe—maybe," said old Darenth restlessly. "But I um nut sure that 1 should like that sort of life for you." "Better tlian eating out one's heart in another person's flue house as lady's maid or nursery governess," said Joan with sudden vehemencc. "Better than standing behind a counter and measuring out ribbons. Better than " She stopped short, looked at her father's prey worn face, and changed her tone. " It's better." she said, " to earn one's daily bread by helping people who are sick and in trouble than by making selrish lives a little easier, a little more complete. If I found I could not be a nurse ' " Well, what then ?" "Then I think 1 should have to give up England altogether, and go to India on a mission." But she laughed a& she spoke, and her father did not feel disturbed. "You might marry, you know, Joan," he said doubtfully. " That's not likely," said Joan, with decision. " Well, well, I don't know. But concerning Seth and Patty " " Concerning Seth and Patty ?" said Joan, with a tudden rise of colour in her face and a slight sharpness creeping into her voioe; " I don't think I have ever said anything to them or about them which I did not mean." It waa plain that Joan had been grievously wounded and offended by Patty's words about the future time when she shoald be mistress of the farm. k Darenth was silent for a mwute or two, and rapped upon the arm of his chair uneasily. He was just about to speak again, when Joan rose from her scat with suddenlyuplifted forefinger. " .Hark !" she said. "Is not somebody knocking at the door?" She listened for a moment, while her father muttered that he heard nothinz. The knock was not repeated, but Joan walked to the door and opened it. She looked out into the twilight stillness, and between her and tbe golden sky stood the figure of a woman all in black. (To 6c continued). 