LATEST INTELLIGENCE;]^ R S E^ECIBJC TELEGRAPH.] OMEO, Monday Evemng Ll-'ROMOUll-oWGOKtlESPOKDENT.] .. . Nominations for the Omeo races are as follows:—Shire Handicap.—Calvert's Baba and Scion ;£Rus't's'Ferryman and Rosette: D.. Cook's = Ada and' Planet; C.^^Bendey- ,gast's Lady;Chester; E. Gray's Miss ParaieU.t ...'Reefer's TiiHandicapi^Ferrymafi; Rosette, "Ned dEellyj .Piratfe Queeni -HA-da, Hurdle Race.—Moonlight, 'Bushman. Baron, . Marhndalej'Ned Kelly. Omeo Plains . .Handieap.^-Ferryman,, Rosettf^ Baba, Scion, <.Aaa, -Planet, Sunflower, Miss Parnell, Lady Cliestei. A hurdle race was run 011 Saturday last between Messrs Manning and Thorburn for, £10,. the distance- being two fhundred yards.. : Thorburn, - won • after JI grand 1 contest The Surprise, prospectors report having found some fair samples of tin mixed with gold near Mount Pilot rMiiisBonBKE; .-Monday Evening. Thd Erst forfei t lias been paid by the following horses-for the Australian Cuj): —Taper, CalmayiJBothaiiy,,Santa Glaus, Drummer, Lord Burghley. New Market Handicap :—Sardonyx, Calma, Chatterer, Beclafaljon, Rooftree, Lothkir, Britisher, Lwd of "Clyde,'Euclid;-^Odd Trick, Musi- dora, Marmaduke; -' Verdure,; Wolton, Ghost, Morpeth) Cre3wick,'Silver Arrow. Essex scratched for. all. engagements. .-..: The-^team -lugs -Albatross and Rescue tried-to^tow the , ship Berengaria off this morning without,success. A largo quantity of ,cargo has been-waslied ashore. At .high, water- the. vessel bumps,; accordmgly: the .tugs will make another effort, when they; expect to'succeed; Two young men—named Dunne and -Malcelm, 5were>-committed,£or=triaVonr«, charge of attempting, to cnnnnally assault a married ..woman: named Eva .Gilliland, on Saturday night week The coalition which has been formed by Messis Beny and Patterson with Mr Service is quite independent of the Con sei \ atn e party Mi Service acts only foi himself, but will probably cany some of the Conseivatives with linn A deputation from Beaconsfield waited on the Minister of Railways with a re quest- that Gippsland : trams- might be, allowed to stop at Officer's «idmg,; between Berwick and .Pakenham, to take up passengers .when the. necessity arose; . -It was not Aesired to inakeit a permanent station, but simply a flag -sta'tion,-similar -to Hallam's road.' . Mr Anderson, -who .was present, said he had 110 objection to doing so. The Minister promised to grant the request Mr Cook has retired -from .East-Bourke BorougliB m favour of Professor Pearson; 