THE LADY'S WALK A STORY OF THE SEEN AND UNSEEN. IN FOUR CHAPTERS. By Mks. OiH'HANT, in Longman's Magazine. ClIAI'TEH II. To say that I got rid cf the recollection of the Lady of Ellermore when I went up stairs after a, cheerful evening through a long and slippery gallery to my room in the wing would be untrue. The curious experience which I had just had dwelt in my mind with a feeling of not unpleasant perplexity. Of course, I said to myself, there muss be something to account for those footsteps—some hidden way in which the sounds should come. Perhaps my first idea would turn out to be correct— that there was a bye-road to the farm, or to the stables, which in some states of the at mosphere—or perhaps it might even be always—echoed back* the sounds of passing feet in some subterranean vibration. One has heard of such things : one has heard, in deed, of every Hind of natural wonder, some of them no more easy to explain than the other kind of prodigy ; but so long as yon have science with you, whether you under tand it or not, you are all right. I could not help wondering, however, whether, if by chance I heard those steps in the long gallery outside my door, I should refer the matter comfortably to the science of acoustics. I was tormented, until I fell asleep, by a vague expectation of hearing them. Leonid not get them out of my mind or out of my ears, so distinct were they—the light step, soft but with energy in it, evidently a woman's step. I conld not help recollecting, with a tingling sensation through all my veins, the distinct ness of the turn it gave—the coming hack, the steps going in a line opposite ours. It seemed to me that from moment- to moment I must hear it again in the gallery, and then how could it be explained V Next day—for I slept very well after I had succeeded in getting to sleep, and what I had heard did not by any means haunt my dreams —next day I managed to elude all the pleasant occupations of the house, and, as soon as I tcnhl get free cl-servaiico, I tcck my way to the Lady's Walk. 3 had said "hat I had letters to write—a well-worn phrase, which of course means exactly ,wnau one pleases. I walked up and down tne Liftcty 3 Walk, and could neither hear nor^ see anything. On this side of the snruDoery there was no possibility of any concealed path; on the other side the bank went sloping to the water's edge. The avenue ran along from the corner of the loch half-way round the green plateau on which the nouse was planted, and at the upper end_ came out upon the elevated ground behind tne house ; but no road crossed it, nor was there the slightest appearance of any mode by which a steady sound not its own could be com municated here. I examined it all with the utmost care, looking behind the bole of every tree, as if the secret might be there, and my heart gave a leap when I perceived what seemed to me one narrow track worn along the ground. Fancy plays us curious pranks even when she is most on her guard j It was a strange idea that I, who had come here with the purpose of finding a way of explain ing the curious phenomenon upon which so long and lasting a superstition had been built, should be so quickly infected by it. I saw the little track, quite narrow but very distinct, and though of course I did not . believe in the Lady of Ellermore, yet within 'myself I iumped at the certainty that this was her track. It gave me a curious sensa tion. The certainty lay underneath the scepticism as if they were two things which had no connection with each other. Had any one sec-n me it must have been supposed that I was looking for something among the bushes, so closely did I scrutinise every foot of the soil and every tree. It exercised a fascination upon me which I could not resist. The Psychical .Society did not exist in those days, so far as I know, but there are many minds outside that inquisitive body to whom the authentication of a ghost story, or, to speak more practically, the clearing up of a superstition, is very attrac tive. I managed to elude the family arrange ments once more at the same hour at which Miss Campbell and I had visited the Lady's Walk on the previous evening. It was a lovely evening, soft and warm, the western sky all ablaze with color, the great branches of the beeches thrown out in dark maturity of greenness upon the flush of orange and crimson melting into celestial rosy red as it rose higher, and flinging itself in airy masses rose- tinted across the serene blue above. The same wonderful colors glowed in reflection out of the loch. The air was of magical clear ness, and earth and sky seemed stilled with an almost awe of their own loveliness, hap piness, and peace, j The holy time was quiet as a nun, Breathless with adoration, j For my part, however, I noticed this only in passing, being intent on other thoughts. From the loch there came a soft tumult of . voices. It was .Saturday evening, and all the J boys were at home. They were getting out the boats for an evening row, and the white sail of the toy yacht rose upon the gleaming water like a little white cloud among the rosy clouds of that resplendent sky. I stood between two of the beeches that formed a . sort of arch, and looked out upon them, j distracted for an instant by the pleasant distant sound which came softly through the the summer air. Next moment I turned sharply round with a start, in spite of my self—turned quickly to see who it was coming after me. There was, I need not say, not a soul within sight. The beech leaves flut tered softly in the warm air; the long shadows of their great boles lay unbroken along the path; nothing else was visible, not even a bird on a bough. I stood breathless between the two trees, with my back turned to the loch, gaziDg at nothing, while the soft footsteps came quietly on and crossed me— passed me! with a slight waft of air, I thought, such as a slight figure might have made; but that was imagination perhaps. Imagination? was it not ail imagination? or what was it? Ho shadows or darkness to conceal a passing form by; fall light of dajr radiant with color; the most living delightful air, all sweet with pleasure. I stood there speechless and without power to move. They* went along softly, without changing the gentle regularity of the tread, to the end of the walk, growing fainter as they went further and further from me. I never listened so intently in my life. I said to myself, "If they go out of hearing I shall know it is merely an excited imagination." And on they went, almost out of hearing, only the faintest touch upon the ground; then there was a momentary pause, and rny heart stood still, but leaped again to my throat and sent wild waves of throbbing to my ears next moment; they had turned and were coming back. I cannot describe the 'extraordinary effect. If it had been dark it would have been alto' gether different. The brightness, the life ground, the absence of all that one associates with the supernatural, produced a thrill of emotion to which I can give no name. It was not fear; yet my heart beat as it had never in any dangerous emergency (and I have passed through some that were exciting enough) beat before. It was simple excite ment, I suppose; and in the commotion of my mind I instinctively changed the pronoun which I had hitherto used, and asked myself, would she coine back? She did, passing me once more, with the same movement of the air (or so I thought). But by that time my pulses were all clanging in my ears, and per haps the sense itself became confused with listening. I turned and walked precipitately away, descending the little slope* and losing myself in the shrubberies which were beneath the range of the low sun, now almost set, and felt dank and cold in the contrast. It was something like plunging into a bath of cold air after the warmth and glory above. it was in this way that my first experience ended. Miss Campbell looked at me a little curiously with a half-smile when I joined the party at the iochside. She divined where I had been, and perhaps something of the agitation I felt, but "she took no further "notice ; and as I was in time to find a place in the boat, where she had established herself with the children, I lost nothing by my meet ing with the mysterious passenger in the Lady's Walk. I did not go near the place for some days afterwards, but I cannot say that it was ever long out of my thoughts. I had long argu ments with myself on the subject, represent ing to myself that I had heard the sound be fore hearing the superstition, and then had found no difficult}' in believing that it was the sound of some passenger on an adjacent oath, perhaps invisible from the Walk. X had not been able to find that path, but still it might exist at some angle which, accord ing to the natural law of transmission of sounds—Bah ! what jargon this was! Had I not heard her turn, felt her pass me, watched her coming hack ? And then I paused with a loud burst of laughter at myself. " Ass! you never had any of these sensations before you heard the story," I said. And that was true; but I heard the steps before I heard the story; aiui,^ now I think of it, was much startled by them, and set my mind to work to account for them, as yon know. •' And what evidence have you that the first interpreta tion was not the right one?" myself asked me with scorn; upon which question I turned icy back with a hopeless contempt of the perti nacity of that other person who has always so many objections to make. Interpretation! could any interpretations ever do away with the effect upon my actual senses of that in visible passer-by? But the most disagree able effect was this, that I could not shut cut from my mind the expectation of hearing those same steps in the gallery outside my door at night. It was a long gallery running the full length of the wing, highly polished and somewhat slippery, a place in which any sound was important. I never went along to my room without a reeling that at any moment X might hear those steps behind me, or after I had closed my door might be con scious. of them passing. I never did so, cut neither have I ever got free of the thought. A few days after, however, another inci dent occurred that drove the Lady's Walk and its invisible visitor out of my mind. _ We were all returning home in the long northern twilight from a mountain expedition. How it was that I was the last to return I do not exactly recollect. I.think Miss Campbellhad forgotten to give some directions to the coach man's wife at the lodge, which X volunteered to carry for her. My nearest way back would have been through the Lady's Walk had not some sort of doubtful feeling restrained me from taking it. Though 1 have said and felt that the effect of these mysterious footsteps was enhanced by the full daylight, still 1 had a sort of natural reluctance to put myself in the way of encountering them when the dark ness began to fall. I preferred the shrub beries, though they were darker and less at tractive. As I came oat of their shade, hew ever, some one whom X had never seen before —a lady—met me, coming apparently from the house. It was almost dark, and what little light there was was behind her, so that I could not distinguish her features. She was tall and slight, and wrapped apparently in a long cloak, a dress usual enough in those rainy regions. I think, too. that her veil was over her face. The way in which she approached made it ap parent that she" was going to speak to ioe, which surprised tne a little, though there was nothing extraordinary in it, for el ccttrao by this time all the neighborhood knew who I was and that 1 was a visitor at Ellermore. There was a little air of timidity and hesita tion about her as she came forward, from which I supposed that ray sudden appear ance startled her a little, and yet was welcome as an unexpected way of getting something done that she wanted. Taut dc choses en un mot, you will say—nay, without a word—and yet it was quite true. She came up to me quickly as soon as she had made up her mind. Her voice was very soft, but very peculiar, with a sort of far-away sound as if the veil or evening air interposed a visionary distance between her and me. " If you are a friend to the Campbells," she said, "will you tell them—" then paused a little and seemed to look at me with eyes that shone dimly through the shadows like stars in a misty sky. " I am a warm friend to the Campbells; I am living there," I said. " Will you tell them—the father and Char lotte—that Colin is in great trouble and temptation, and that if they would save him lhey should lose no time "Colin!" I said, startled; then, after a moment, " Pardon me, this is an uncomfort able message to entrust to a stranger. Is he ill? I am very sorry, but don't let me make them anxious without reason. What is the matter? He was all right when they last heard " "Itis not without reason," she said; "I must not say say more. Tell them just this— in great trouble and temptation. They may perhaps save him yet if they lose no time." " But stop," I said, for she seemed about to pass on. " If I am to say this there mast be something more. May I ask who it is that sends the message? They will ask me, of course. And what is wrong ?" She seemed to wring her hands under her cloak, and looked at me with an attitude and gesture of supplication. " In great trouble," she said, " in great trouble! and tempted be yond his strength. And not such as I can nelp. Tell them, if you wish well to the Campbells. I must not say more." And, notwithstanding all that I could say, she left me so, with a wave of her hand, dis appearing among the dark bushes. It may be supposed that this was no agreeable charge to give to a guest, one who owed nothing but pleasure and kindness to the Campbells, but had no acquaintance beyond the surface with their concerns. They were, it is true, very free in speech, and seemed to have as little d'Ji'io us dee cartes in their life and affairs as could be imagined. But Colin was the one who was spoken of less freely than any other in the family. He had been expected several times since I came, but had never appeared. It seemed that he had a way of postponing his arrival, and "of course," it was said in the family, never came when he was expected. I had wondered more than once at the testy tone in which the old gentleman spoke of him sometimes, and the line of covert defence always adopted by Charlotte. To be sure he was the eldest, and might naturally assume a more entire independence cf action than the other young men, who were yet scarcely beyond the time cf pupilage and in their father's house. But from this as well as from the still more natural and apparent reason that to bring them bad news of any kind was most dis agreeable and inappropriate on my part, the commission I had so strangely received hung very heavily upon me. I turned it over in in my mind as I dressed for dinner (we had been out all day, and dinner was much later than usual in consequence) with great per plexity and distress. Was I bound to give a message forced upon me in such a way? It the lady had news of any importance to give why did she turn away from the house, where she could have communicated it at once, and confide it to a stranger? On the other hand, should I be justified in keeping back any thing that might be of so much importance to. them? It might perhaps be something for which she did not wish to give her authority. Sometimes people in such circumstances will even condescend to write an anonymous letter to give the warning they think neces sary, without betraying to the victims of mis fortune that any one whom they know is acquainted with it. Here was a justification for the the strange step she had taken. It might be done in the utmost kindness to them if not to me; and what if there might be some real danger afloat and Colin be in peril, as she said? I thought over these things anxiously before I went downstairs, but even to the moment of entering that bright and genial drawing-room, so full of animated faces and cheerful talk, I had not made up my mind what I should do. When we returned to it after dinner I was still uncertain. It was late and the children had been sent to bed. The boys went round to the stables to see that the horses were not the worse for their day's work. Mr. Campbell retired to his library. For a little while I was left alone, a thing that very rarely happened. Presently Miss Campbell came downstairs from the children's rooms, with that air about her of rest and sweetness, like a reflection of the little prayers she has been hearing and the infant repose which she has left, which hangs about a young mother when she has disposed her babies to sleep. Charlotte, by her right of being no mother, but only a voluntary mother by deputy, had a still more tender light about her in the sweetness of this duty which God and her goodwill, not simple nature, had put upon her. She came softly into the room with her shining coun tenance. " Are you alone, Mr. Temple ?" she said with a little surprise. " How rude of those boys to leave you," and came and drew her chair towards the table where I was, in the kindness of her heart. " I am very glad they have left me if I may have a little talk with you," I said ; and then before I knew I had told her. She was the :j kind of woman to whom it is a relief to tell whatever may be on your heart. The fact that my commission was to her, had really j less force with me in telling it, than the ease to myself. She, however, was very much sur prised and disturbed. "Colin in trouble? Oh, that might very well be," she said, then stopped herself. "You are his friend," she said ; "you will not misunderstand me, Mr. Temple. Ife is very independent, and not so open as^ the rest of us. That is nothing against him. We are all rather given to talking; we keep nothing to ourselves— except Colin. And then he is more away than the rest." The first necessity in her mind seemed to he this, of defending the absent. Then came the question, From whom could the warning be ? Charley came in ac this moment, and she called him to her eagerly. " Here is a very strange thing hap pened. Somebody came up to Mr. Temple in the shrubbery and told him to tell us that Colin was in trouble." " Colin 1" I could see that Charley was, as Charlotte had been, more distressed than surprised. "When did you hear from him last T he said. " On Monday ; but the strange thing is, who could is be that sent such a message ? You said a lady, Mr. Temple?" "What like was she V" said Charley. Then I described her as well as I could. "She was tall and very slight; wrapped up in a cloak, so that I could not make oat much, and her veil down. And it was almost dark." " It is clear she did not want to be recog nised," Charley said. "There was something peculiar about her voice, but I really cannot describe it, a strange tone, unlike anything " " Marion Gray has a peculiar voice; she is tall and slight. But what eould she know about Colin ?" "I will tell you who is more likely," cried Charley, "and that is Susie Cameron. Her brother is in London now; they may have heard from him." " Oh, Heaven forbid! oh, Heaven forbid ! the Camerons of all people!" Charlotte cried, wringing her hands. The action struck me as so like that of the veiled stranger that it gave me a curious shock. I had net time to follow out the vague, strange suggestion that it seemed to breathe into my mind, but the sensation was as if I had suddenly, groping, come upon some one in the dark. " Whoever it was," I said, " she was not indifferent, but full of concern and in terest " " Susie would be that," Charley said, look ing significantly at his sister, who rose from her chair in great distress. "I would telegraph to him at once," she said, " but it is too late to-night." " And what good would it do to telegraph ? If he is in trouble it would be no help to him." _ " But what can I do ? What else can I do ?" she cried. I had plunged them into sudden misery, and could only look on now as an anxious but helpless spectator, feeling at the same time as if I had intruded myself •upon a family affliction; for it was evident that they were not at all unprepared for ""trouble" to Colin. I felt my position very embarrassing, and rose to go away. " I feel miserably guilty," I said, "as if I had been the bearer cf bad news ; but I am sure you will believe that I would not for anything in the world intrude upon " Charlotte paused to give me a pale sort of smile, and pointed to~ the chair I had left. "Ko, no," she said, "don't go away, Mr. Temple. "Wo do not conceal from yon that we ase toxicus— that we were anxious evsn before —but acn't £0 away. I don't think I will tell my father, Charley. It would break his rest. Let him have his night's rest whatever happens; and there is nothing to be done to-night " "We will see what the post brings to morrow," Charley said. - And then the consultation ended abruptly by the sudden entrance of the boys, bringing a gust of fresh night air with them. The horses werenot a preen the worse, though they had been out all day ; even old grumbling Geordie, the coachman, had not a word to say. " You may have them again to-morrow. Chatty, if you like," said Tom. She had sat down to her work, and met their eyes with an unruffled countenance. " I hope I am not so unreasonable," she said with her tranquil looks; only I could see a little tremor in her hand as she stooped over the socks she was knitting. She laid down her work after a while, and went to the piano and played accompaniments, while first Jack and then Tom sang. She did it without any appearance of effort, yielding to all the wishes of the youngsters, while I looked on wondering. How can women do this sort of thing ? It- is more than one can divine. Next morning Mr. Campbell asked "by the-bye," but with a pucker in his forehead, which, being now enlightened on the subject, I could understand, if there was any letter from Colin? "No," Charlotte said (who for her part had tinned over all her letters with a swift, anxious scrutiny). " But that is nothing," she said, " for we heard on Mon day." The old gentleman uttered an " Umphof displeasure. " Tell him I think it a great want in manners that he is not here toreceivcMr. Temple." "Oh,father,Mr.Tem ple understands,"'cried Charlotte; and then she turned upon me those mild eyes, in which there was now a look that went to my heart, an appeal at once to my sympathy and my forbearance, bidding me not to ask, not to speak, yet to feel with her all the same. If she could have known the rush of answer ing feeling with which my heart replied! but I had to be careful not even to look too much knowledge, too much sympathy. After this two days passed without any in cident. "What letters were sent or other com munications to Colin I could not tell. They were great people for the telegraph, and Hashed messages about continually. There was a telegraph station in the little village, which had been very surprising to me at first, but I no longer wondered, seeing their perpetual use _ of it. People who have to do with business, with great 'works' to manage, get into the 'way more easily than do others. But either no answer or nothing of a satisfactory character was obtained, for I was told no more. The second evening was Sunday, and I was re turning alone from a ramble down the glen. It was Mr. Campbell's custom to read a ser mon on Sunday evenings to his household, and as I had, in conformity to the custom of the family, already heard two, I had deserted on this occasion, and chosen the freedom and quiet of a rural walk instead. It was a cloudy evening, and there had been rain. The clouds hung low on the hills, and half the surrounding peaks had retired alto gether into the mist. I had scarcely set foot within the gates when I met once more the lady whose message had brought so much pain. The trees arched over the approach at this spot, and even in full daylight it was in deep shade. Now in the evening dimness it was' dark as night. I could see little more than the slim straight figure, the sudden per ception of which gave me—I could scarcely tell why—a curious thrill of something like fear. She came hurriedly towards me, an outline, nothing more, until the same peculiar voice, sweet but shrill, broke the silence. "Did you tell themshe said. It cost me an effort to reply calmly. My heart had begun to beat with an excitement over which I had no control, like a horse that takes fright at something which its rider cannot see. I said, "Yes, I told them," straining my eyes, yet feeling as if my facul ties were restive like that same horse and would not obey me, would not look or examine her appearance as I desired. But indeed it would have been in vain, for it was too dark to sec. "But nothing has been done," she said. " Did they think I would come for nothing ?" And there was again that movement, the same as I had. seen in Charlotte, of wringing her hands. "Pardon me," I said, "but if you will tell me who you are ? I am a stranger here; no doubt if you would see_ Miss Campbell her self, or if she knew who it was " I felt the words somehow arrested in my throat, I could not tell why; and she drew back from me with a sudden movement. It is hard to characterise a gesture in the dark, but there seemed to be a motion of impatience and despair in it. "Tell them again Colin wants them. He is in sore trouble, trouble that is nigh death." "I will carry your message; but for God's sake if it is so important tell me who sends it," I said. She shook her head and went rapidly past me, notwithstanding the anxious appeals that I tried to make. She seemed to put out a hand to wave me back as I stood gazing after her. Just then the lodge door opened. I suppose the woman within had been disturbed by the sound of the voices, and a gleam of fire- light burst out upon the road. Across this gleam I saw the slight figure pass quickly and then a capacious form with a white apron came out and stood in the door. The sight of the coachman's wife in her large and com fortable proportions gave me a certain ease, I cannot tell why. I hurried up to her. "Who was that that passed just now," I asked. " That passed just now ? There was naebody passed. I thought I heard a voice, and that it was maybe Geordie; butnobody has passed here that I could see." "Nonsense! you must have seen her," I cried hastily; "she cannot be out of sight yet. No doubt you would know who she was—a lady tall and slight—in a cloak " " Eh, sir, ye maun be joking," cried the woman. "What lady, if it werna Miss Charlotte, would .be walking here at this time of the night ? Lady! it might be, maybe, the schoolmaster's daughter. ' She has one of those ulsters like her betters. But nobody has passed here this hour back ; o' that I'm confident," she said. "Why did you come out, then, just at this moment?" I cried. The woman con templated me in the gleam from the fire from top to toe. "You're the English gentleman that's biding up [at the house ?" she said. " 'Deed, I just heardajsiep, that wasnae doubt your step, and I thought it might be my man; but there has naebody, far less a lady, what ever she had on, passed my door coming or going. Is that, you, Geordie?" she cried suddenly as a step became audible approach ing the gate from the outer side. "Aye, it's just me," responded her hus band out of the gloom. "Have ye met a lady as ye came along? The gentleman here will have it that there's been a lady passing the gate., and there's been no lady. I would have seen her through the window even if I hadna opened the door." "I've seen no lady," said Geordie, letting himself in with considerable nois6 at the foot entrance, which I now remembered to have closed behind me when I passed through a few minutes before. "I've met no person; it's no an horn- for ladies to be about the roads on Sabbath day at e'en." It was not till this moment that a strange fancy, which I will explain hereafter, darted into my mind. How it came I cannot tell. I was not the sort of man, I said to myself, for any such folly. My imagination had been a little touched, to be sure, by that curious affair of the footsteps; but this, which seemed to make my heart stand still and sent a shiver through me, was very different, and it was a folly not to be entertained for a moment. I stamped my foot upon it instantly, crushing it on the threshold of the mind. "Ap parently either you or I must be mistaken," I said with a laugh at the high tone of Geordie, who himself had evidently been em ployed in a jovial way—quite consistent, ac cording to all I had heard, with very fine principles in respect to the Sabbath. I had a laugh over this as I went away, insisting upon the joke to myself as I hurried up the avenue, ft was extremely funny, I said to myself; it would be a capital story among my other Scotch experiences. But somehow my laugh died away in a very feeble sort of quaver. The night had grown dark even when I emerged from under the trees, by reason of a great cloud, full of rain, which had rolled up over the sky, quenching it out. I was very glad to see the lights of the house gleaming steadily before me. The blind had not been drawn over the end window of the drawing-room, and from the darkness with out I looked in upon a scene which was full of warmth and household calm. Though it was August there was a little glimmer of fire. The reading of the sermon was over. Old Mr. Campbell still sat at a little table with the book before him, but it was closed. Charlotte in the foreground, with little Harry and Mary on either side of her, was "hear ing their paraphrase." The boys were putting a clever dog through his tricks in a sort of clandestine way behind their backs, at whom Charlotte would shake her finger with an admonitory smiling lock. Charley was read ng cr writing at the end of the rocrn. The soft little chime of the children's voices, the suppressed laughter and whispering cf the boys, the father's leisurely re/mark now and then, made up a soft murmur of sound which was like the very breath of quietude and peace. How did I dare, their favored guest, indebted so deeply as I was to their kindness, to go in among them with that mysterious message and disturb their tranquility once more? When I went into the drawing-room, which was not till an hour later, Charlotte looked up at me smiling with some playful remark as to my flight from the evening reading. But as she caught my eye her countenance changed. She put down her book, and after a little consideration walked to that end window through which I had looked, and which was in a deep recess, making me a little sign to follow her. "How dark the night is," she said with a little pretence of looking out; and then in a hurried under tone—" Mr. Temple, you have heard some thing more 2" "Not anything more, but certainly the same thing repeated. I have seen the lady again." " And who is she ? Tell me frankly, Mr. Temple. Just the same thing—that Colin is in trouble; no details. I cannot imagine who can take so much interest. But you asked her for her name?" "I asked her, but she gave me no reply. She waved her hand and went on. I begged her to see you and not to give me such a com mission ; but it was of no use. I don't know if I ought to trouble you with a vague warn* ing that only seems intended to give pain." "Oh yes," she cried, "oh yes, it was right to tell me. If I only knew who it wasf Perhaps you can describe her better, since you have seen her a second time. But Colin: has friends—whom we don't know. Oh, Mr. Temple, it is making a great claim upon your kindness, but could not you have folio wed her and found out who she was." "I might have done that," I said. "Tor tell the truth, it was so instantaneous, and I was—startled." She looked up at me quickly with a ques tioning air, and grew a little pale, gazing ab me; but whether she comprehended the strange wild fancy which I could not even: permit myself to realise, I cannot tell; for Charley seeing us standing together, and being in a state of nervous anxiety also, here came and joined us, and we stood talking together in an undertone till Mr. Campbell .called to know if anything was the matter. " You' are laying your heads together like a set of conspirators," said the old gentleman with a half- laugh. His manner to me was always benign and gracious; but now that I knew something of the family troubles I could per ceive a vein of suppressed irritation, a certain watchfulness which made him alarming tor the other members of the household. Char lotte gave us both a warning look. " I will tell him to-morrow—I will delay no longer—■ butnot to-night," she said. " Mr. Temple was telling us about his ramble, father. He has just come in time to avoid the rain." "Well," said the old man, "he cannot expect to be free from rain up here in the Highlands. It is wonderful the weather we have had." And with this the conversation, fell into an easy domestic channel. Miss Campbell this time could not put away the look of excitement and agitation in ther eyes. But she escaped with the children to see them put to bed, and we sat and talked of politics and other mundane subjects. The hoys were all going to leave Ellermore next day—Torn and Jack for the " works," Charley upon some other business. Mr. Campbell made me formal apologies for them. " I had hoped' Colin would have been at home by this time to do the honors of the Highlands ; hut we expect him daily," lie said, He kept his eye fixed upon me as if to give emphasis to his words and defy any doubt that might arise in my mind. JSext morning X was summoned, by unariey before I came downstairs to "come quickly and speak to my father." I found him in the library, which opened from tho dining-room. He was walking about the room in great agitation. He began to address me almost before I was in sight. "Who is this, sir, that you have been having meetings with about Colin? Some insidious gossip or other that has taken ye in. I need not tell you, Mr. Temple, a lawyer and an Englishman, that an anonymous state ment ." For once the old gentleman had forgotten himself, his respect for his guest, his line manners. He was irritated, obsti nate, wounded in pride and feeling. Charlotte touched him on the arm with a murmured appeal, and turned her eyes to me in anxious deprecation. But there was no thought further from my mind than that of taking offence. "I fully feel it," I said; "nor was it my part to bring any disagreeable suggestion into this house—if it had not been that my own mind was burdened with it and Miss Campbell so clear-sighted." He cast a look at her, half affectionate, half displeased, and then he said to me testily, "But who was the woman? That is the question; that is what I want to know." My eyes met Charlotte's as I looked up. She had grown very pale, and was gazing at me eagerly, as if she had divined somehow the wild fancy which once more shot across my mind against all reason and without any volition of mine. 