MISCELLANEOUS. Of interest to mothers : A switch in time saves nine. The tower of Babel is the first continued story on record. The actor who forgets his cue plays a bad game of billiards. " The parting gives me pain," as the man said when he had a troublesome tooth ex tracted. Woman's Question. — At twenty, who is he? At thirty, what is he? At forty, where is he ? " Well," growled the tailor, " if you don't get to be any tighter than the pants, you won't find any trouble in walking." 41 This is a rare opportunity T" said the restaurant oook, as he snatched the " medium done" beefsteak before it had fairly begun to sizzle. Though the 'telephone has superseded the telegraph to a certain extent, yet the average woman still continues to faint sway upon I receipt of a telegram. Why did the Highlanders do more execu tion at Tel-el-Kebir than the 5th Bifles ? Because each Highlander had one kilt (killed) before the Bifles began. Told by a Pabbot. — The way that a woman lately identified her stolen parrot was by bringing her husband into court and soolding him. The bird soon called out, " Oh, I wish you were dead, old woman." I A boyish novice in smoking turned deadly ( pale, and threw away his cigar. Said he, I 44 Tbar's some thin' in that air cigar that's I made me siok." 44 T know what it iB," said I his companion, palling away. 44 What ?" 1 44 Tobaoker !" I 41 Your father tells me, Tom, that you are I taking soft courses this year. What are I they ?" 44 Well, you see, mother, it's a term I borrowed from the turf. A soft course is a I heavy course and a heavy course is a hard j course. See ?" ) At a council of officers called by Stonewall I Jackson, it waa remarked that Major I was wounded, and would be unable to do the duty assigned him. 11 Wounded!" said Jackson ; " if it really is so, I think it must have been by an accidental discharge of duty." A Settlement. — 4 When are you going I to settle this bill?' 44 We've had a settle | msnt already." 44 When ?" 44 The last time yon called." 11 How so ?" 44 Didn't I then tell you that I meant to Battle the bill ?" 44 Yea." "Very well, then; wasn't that a settlement ?" The new co k has been strongly recom mended ; but the first three dinners have been something too dreadful, and the mistresB has ventured on a few words. Cook : 44 Well, mem, I dare say you think you're right ; but wherever I've been, cook before, they in general found it best to take things j asl give 'em." I It is all very well to say, 44 Give a boy a I chanceto work at what he takes to but 1 supposing he doesn't take to anything ? Why, I then, the best coarse to pursue is to give him 1 a chance to work at totqetbing he doesn't j take to. If he won't go willingly to the j v/ork, the work must be brought to him. I Twto soldiers were bivouacking in the 1 neighbourhood of Alexandria ; lyingoeneath j their blankets, they were looking up at the I stars. Said Jack : 44 What made you go Into the army, Tom ?" 44 Well," replied j Tom, 44 I had no wife and loved war. What made you go fighting, Jack ?" " I had a I wife and loved peaoe, so X went." I Spinster Lady. — 44 Then you and your mamma want the same room you had last year ?" Young lady : 44 Yes, Miss Bpriggins $ only it isn't mamma who is with me, but my husband. I've got married since last year." .Spinster lady : 44 Lor, now, haw you ? I'm - glad to hear it. Yet, after ail, I don't tnow why I should be glad ; you never did me any harm, poor dear." A patient complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost the night before as he was going home from the tavern. 44 What shape -#as it?" asked the doctor. 44 In the shape of an ass," replied the man. 44 Go home," said the doctor, 44 and keep sober. You were tipsy last night, and frightened at your own shadow." The fair sex in Guernsey is not to be trifled with. At a fancy dress ball given there recently by tbe subalterns of an infantry regiment, a lady noted for her originality and wit was brought by chance to the side of one of the chief military authorities of the place. Said she to Colonel Z. : 44 May I ask, colonel, what you ire ?" 44 Oh," answered the colonel, who was evi dently not in one of his happy moods, 44 1 am nothing. What are yon ?" 44 1 am next to nothing," was the prompt rejoinder. The nicest little boy we know—Charlie Smallface — has been in deep trouble. He looked a trifle white about the lips as he came into his mother's presence one after- noon recently, and, as she looked up hastily, inquired, 44 Why, Charlie, are you sick ?" 44 N-no, ma ; nuthin' but my" tooth bleeds." And he stepped to the front door and dis coloured the snowdrift by expectoration 44 Which tooth is it, dear ?" asked the mother, tenderly, as she opened his mouth to examine. 44 Charlie, my boy, yon have tobacco in your mouth ! Walk upstairs immediately." The tableau of that upper story is too familiar to need description. A good story is told of a oouple of farmers who lived a few miles apart. One day the one called on the other, happening to come at dinner time. The person called upon was a rather penurious old fellow. He was seated at the table enjoying bis . dinner. The visitor drew up to the fire, looking very wistfully toward tbe table, expecting the old fanner to ask him to dine. 44 What's the news over your v ay, neigh bour ? (Still eating). No news over there, eh ?" 44 No, I believe not." Presently a thought seemed to strike the visitor. 41 Well, yes, friend, I heard one item worth mention ing." 44 Ah, what is that ?" 44 Neighbour John has a cow that has five calves." 4 4 Is that so ? Dear me 1 what does the fifth calf do when the others are sucking ?" 41 Stands and looks on, just as I do, like a fool." ' Mary, put on another plate." The Babbeb.— The barber is a treacherous creature. He is nevfer to be depended upon. He has been known to cat his best friends. He is remarkably sharp in a busi ness transaction, and he will shave you it you give him a chance; in fact, shaving may be said to be his business. The barber is a strapping fellow, and is ever ready to razor row. I have frequently seen him take a man by the nose without the least provoca tion. Be is generally honest in his judg ments, and sincere in pooh-pooing shams and delusions ; but at the same time he is fiven to a great deal of shampooing. The arber sees a great many affecting scenes. There Sb a good deal of parting going on every day in his shop. The barber is a very seoretive fellow. Yon will find him every, where about his place. He haB little recrea tion. Curling is his chief amusement. He always stands well in his profession. You wra generally find him at the head. The barber's wife goes shopping, just like other women, though she ought to be able to get hirsuite at her husband's establishment. She probably prefers to whisker round, else where. There are many more things I might tell you of the barber, but be is a great conversationalist, and amply able to speak for himself. Foote, dining at the house of Mrs. Thrale, found nothing to his liking, and sat in ex pectation of something better. A neck of mutton being the last thing, he refused it, as he had the other dishes. As the servant was taking it away, however, understanding there was nothing more, Foote milled ont to him : 44 Halloa, John, bring that back again. I find it's neck or nothing. " A Hint to Smokers. — An inveterate smoker, who for some time past has found that his pipe was beginning to seriously affect his nerves, before giving it up deter mined to find out if there was no way by - which he might continue to smoke without feeling its effects to an injurious extent. He accordingly wrote to a medical journal, and was recommended to fill the bowl of the pipe one-third full of table salt, and press the tobacco down hard upon it, as in ordinary smoking. The result was very satisfactory. During the prooess of smoking the salt solidi fies, while remaining porous, and when the hardened lump is removed at the end of a day's smoking it is found to have absorbed so much of the oil of tobacco as to be deeply ooloured. The salt should be removed daily. A Young Aristocrat. — Carlo was a bar barian. Beform Bills, Christianity, pro gress, civilisation, Tudor, Stuart Hano verianiem, in no way affeoted him ; they foand and left him, the noble savage. He was tall, fair, broad-Bhouldered, with a lead, cheery voice, and carried with him an atmos phere of perfect health, good humour, and good temper. 44 It is a beautiful day, let us go out and kill something," says a Frenoh caricaturist of an Englishman. These were Carlo's sentiments ; a day was loBt in which he had not caught a trout, killed a bird or rabbit, or chased a fox. Man is sometimes a creator, and sometimes a destroyer. Carlo loved to destroy. He had a handsome, high- featured face, with eyes as blue and bold as a t Norse viking. He had a look of culture and refinement which was deceptive, he had no effiture or learning ; a public school and university, besides a crammer, had left him with a supreme oohtempfc for letters. Still, meet Carlo abroad, you would say with pride, 44 That is an Englishman." Meet him in any crowded street, in any plaoe, and you would instinctively say, 44 That fellow is a gentleman." Tradesmen became more than over civil when Carlo entered a shop ; he seemed to confer a favour when he looked or spoke to you. Carlo had joined the 44 Oaety Oneth." and was a sub-lieutenant. . . All said and done, Carlo was honest, affec tionate, and manly ; extravagant like til the Artonvbnt trathfid. g©nerouB, loyal, and h»Wi BM'Vwaie. truthful, hp mere bar barian, for ronblg p ever gfe dgnof afcaaei order of minds.— Orders. The Despot or teeossis. — Instancy are on reoord where a tiger, in |he exercise of hla vocation, has really — though aod- dentaUy, olooor8«, perfonne4 an act of retri nation. Rib related thata poor shoemaker was (fflfifl retaining beans with a Email Bnm of money which he bad, fortunately, suooeeded in collecting from some of bis customers. He overtook a man apparently travelling in the same direction as himself, and as the way was dreary and dangerous, and as his acquaintance was armed, he was iglad of his company. He shared his food with him, and in talking over their affairs he was unwise enough to mention the object of his journey and the money of which he was in possession. This ron6ed the cupidity H of his fellow traveller, who, at a certain f|. point in the road, made a murdercas attack i npon . the poor oobbler. While they were M straggling together a tiger leaped out of the H jangle npon the cowardly assailant and bore j f| him away, leaving the sword and shield on 1 the ground, which the shoemaker at once secured, taking them home as tokens of the || retributive j astioe which had been so signally &z; manifested on his behalf. A North American | | Indian on the trail is scarcely more pertina- 1"! clous in por8ning a victim which he has f : marked for his oWn than the tiger when / engaged in the same unpleasant business, A recently married camel driver, was bring- ; ing home his bride, when a -tiger espied the I party, and followed him with grim, patience. At a torn in the road the bride was momeo- \- tarily separated from the rest sf her fellow .- travellers, and in that moment the tiger ' instantly seized her and carried her off. — Jjittle Folks' Magizine. A Yorkshibe Sating : the Saddles of Bawtbt. — A Bawtry saddler was accused of a crime be had not comoiitted, tried, and sentenced to death. On the way to the / gallows a glass of ale was offered to the sap- : posed calprit, in order that he might not > ; lose heart ; bat he had already done so to r- each an extent that, with averted head and downcast eyes, he declined the proferred % draught. This little incident necessarily de -1 layed the procession ; and had the ale been > drank— to say nothing of the saddler— of . j coarse more time would have been oonsamed. All had been ovr about five minutes when a breathless messenger rode ap with a reprieve, just too late to be of service ; whence arose | the saying that the saddler of Bawtry was , hanged for leaving his ale. — Wilfred Hargrave, in " Notes and Queries." 1 Obigxn of the Ph&abb; u The ThbeeR's." — This phrase (savs a correspondent of Notes emd Queries) is generally referred to Sii ' v William Ourfcis, Bart., Lord Mayor in 1795, and for thirty rsix years alderman of the ward V of the Tower. When living in that ward some years ago I remember an aged member of the. oorportion, now deceased, asserting v that Sir .William Cartis, In the days when Dr. Bell and the Quaker Lancaster were pleading on behalf of increased facilities for the edaoation of the. poor, gaveas a toast at / a city -dinner tl The Three R s." My friend assured me that Sir William Curtis, although a man of limited edaoation, was very shrewd, and not so ignorant as to Bnppose his pre- eamednrthogrpphj wee correct. He chose >, the phnun in the above ionn purely for a jocular reason. . W ycliffe'a BibtheiiAOe. — The exact spot of the Inrthplace is now unknown, but iseaid to have bebn in the hamlet pf SpreeewaU,do&e; 'v to the River Tees, «boot half a mHe from the present village of Wycliffe. Spzesswall itself and its ancient chapel, thongh both were in existence in the eighteenth century, have passed away, and the site is now ploughed land. Bat the parish church of Wycliffe, in which r the Reformer /was probably baptised, yet remains ; and the aspect of the connfcry has been little changed. His writings con tain many ailosions to the scenery, and the historic associations of that region, the natural features of which , most have in- j financed the formation of his character, which bad much of .the stardiness aod strength otihe men of these northern York- shire dales. The Wycliffe family were lords f of the manor of Wycliffe, aod patrons of the . rectory from the time -of the Conquest. Representatives of the family continued to j.: occupy the manor-honee, atill seen on the height above the parish church' till the beginning of the seventeenth century, when the estate was carried by marriage to the j v Toust&l; family. The Wycliffes continued in ; the communion of the Romish Church. Even j after the Reformation they, together with half j J the people of the village, remained Romanists, j " and their conduct bears fruit to the present L day. The old 'parish church belongs to the I k- Establishment, bat the Roman Catholic I'C inhabitants worship in a chapel of their own J :i ' adjoining the manor-honse. Little Is known fr of John de Wycliffe's early life. The date of his birth is variously given, bat he probably : ' went toOxford about 1335,enteriBgas a student j V In the college then recent\y foanded by John Balliol, great-grandson of the boilder of the j imposing edifioe from which the town of |t Bernard's Castle derived, both its name and its existence. — " Sunday at Home." \- The Death of Mbs. Pbottdie. — One of the i chief characteristics of Trollope'a converea- : tion was the vehement enthnsiam he was able I to get Up with ajniddenness which was even | startling. He would maintain his own opinion almost with violenoe ; yet no one more thoroughly enjoyed an argument, or put np more delightedly with fiat contradiction — go folly aide to enter into the other ride of the question, that in the genuine joy and ||| hurry of the fight he would sometimes forget / which was his own. It. was Beldom that be k 1 constituted himself the hero of his own story, j|! bat on one occasion the merits of bis novels il eoming under discussion, and he giving his |fg rwn VBidiot decidedly in favour of The But Chronicle of Rarest/' one of his friends l remotkri Hiat, oontrary >to his smooth-going ; M style, he bad actually fallen into tragedy | while describing the death of kfes, Proudia. Ah I that was not altogether my doing," H be replied, jumping up from his chair and fl pattiug'biinself on the hearthrug in the aiti- f tode whloh will be so readily reca 'led hyjal1 8 who knew hira. " This was how it happenodi, H i was writiog a note at a table in the Athe- S itffH"1, when two men came in and settled M . ftiemsslwto at eatdi euleof the fireplace ; onp Hi bjiMFimrfieg of| The? Last Chronjcles of 4 W-.- 3ars8t' in his handnd began dinms sing: the : 0borymJ ' Tudtofie ngeta awfully proey,' said onCfiUl igft v&ftice; be does notinqg but repeat hjtmse-JMrs. Pxondie, Mm. Proudie, Mrg.!Prpftdje-riaapter after : chapter.' 1 1 quite agrae ' withyouv' replied the ofiier ; it is Mrs. Proudie -od nauseam ; I am sick to death iff Mrs; Proadie.' Of coarse, they did . not im$w tae, so I jumped Inp and stood betweaa them. ( Gentlemen, ' j I said, ' I am the culprit— I am Mr. Trollope —and I will go home this instant and kiU Mrs. Proudie.' In the very next page, accordingly, the weak and persecuted bishop i is made actually to pray for the removal of j the masterful partner who has brought so much grief and . humiliation npon him, and j hardly has the tragic prayer been uttered < than he is made aware of its fulfilment. — ' Blackwood's Magazine. hibernation. — The bat teaches another I and moBt valuable lesson in the economy of I animal life. The pupil has learned that It feeds exclusively on flying insects. How, then, is it to live daring the winter months, . when insects have vanished ? There is nothing for it hot death by starvation, unless it shoold possess some property not shared by the generality of animals, and can make it independent of food until the insects come out aga;n. This property is called hiberna tion, and a most remarkable and nnaccount- ble property it is. In the later weeks of the autumn, the animal accumulates a large supply of fat, especially in the interior of the body. As soon as the colder days of approaching winter make themselves felt, the bat seeks out some retired spot, such as the trunk of a hollow tree, a crevice in a rock, or some old bailding, where it will not be disturbed. It then hangs itself up by the hooked claws cf its hind feet, wraps its wings round its body, and passes into estate of lethargy. Respiration ceases altogether, and so does digestion, while the heart only gives a feeble beat once in each second, just onnn ftfl 4 A IrrtAlB fVlA v>1 AAn Al »An1 ntlMrt I UUVUgU ||U ACC DUD U1UUU tiUUUIOViUi Scarcely any waste of the tissues takes place, | and the fat which has been stored ap in the body affords sufficient nourishment to keep the creature alive, though not sensible, through the whole of the winter. The hedge hog, squirrel, and doormouse are partially '8n8ceptible of hibernation, bat the bat is the only perfect hibernator who inhabits the oountiy. Not .only does it hibernate, in the winter, bat it passes into this lethargy once in evey day, even in the midst of summer. — | Rev. J G. Wood in " Good Words." Gentral Africa as a Field fob Exigra- i tion. — Livingstone as he passed through this | region often thought of the poor in his native land. He knew how many human beings were crowded together- in luge cities, where they Beldom saw a green fiefd or enjoyed the | pare air. There they lived, oast aside into I some filthy street to be hidden, 8 -it were, jihe more respectable citizenjL Might not j this hard fate be modified ?" 4 The vast uh.- j p8opledplaiii8 "aiid mountains of Africa im- pressed us with the lesson that Great Britain | is bat a little part of God's vast world. . . With reference to Africa, many Englishmen | say that if Britain ' instead of Portugal had held the coast, the country woold have been | already opened up. The remark looks in- I vidious, but in any case it cannot change j the part, and those who, have at heart the | sad condition of the Afiiean mart seek to im- prove the present. I have, no . doubt that j settlers wilHng<tb endqre the hardships eom- mon in uncivilised countries woold by steady Lpsrsevezance soon maker theaiselyesponifort- | ablehomes. Sagargrows wellin thfi district. . The natives liave the cane, thongh they know nothing of- the xnanufactored article, ; Tobacco also grows everywhere. ..The same, may be said of indiarnbber. Cotton is in digenous, and flax thrives welL Coffee has succeeded, and it is almost certain that tea would. Oil seeds (like the castor-oil bean, ground note, and s&samum;) are abundant. Native labour is cheap. The rate of wages at ! one time was a foot ef calico per day for each I man. and nine inches for a woman ; and as | the Mission had always.more applicants for work than conld be received, even this small, wage was reduced. Still, parties settling far inland woold not gain by exporting, as, for a long time the expense of. carriage mast be high. One thing much to be regretted in connection with the opening' np of thecountry i for commerce is the wholesale destruction of the elephant. &t; every port along the east coast the mail steamers receive tpnB of. ivory. It is a pity that the African elephant cannot I be ntilised in some other way. Unless the noble animals have some mercy shown them, they will speedily become extinct. — " Africans, " by the Rev. Duff Macdonald, An Act of Heboism. — -The Queen will confer the Victoria Gross upon Private Frederick Corbett, 3rd Battalion King's Royal Rifle Corps, for the following act of courage daring a reconnaissance npon Kafr Dowar, on the 5th of August, 1882 : — The mounted Infantry, with which Private Corbett was serving, came nnder a hot fire from the enemy, and suffered some loss, including Lieutenant Howard Vyse, mortally wounded. This officer fell in the open, and there bring no time to move him, Private Corbett asked and obtained permission to remain, by him, and thongh under constant fire sat dowa and endeavoured to stop the bleeding of this officer's wounds until the mounted infantry received orders to retire, when he rendered valuable assistance in carrying him off the field. An Ice Bridge at Niagara.— The great ice bridge which has been formed over the Nia gara River seems to be attracting much attention just now. Every day thousands of visitors are crowding to see it, and excursions are being organised to all parts of America to view it. It is (says a correspondent of the Tribune) no arch ; there are no huge buttresses of gleaming ice, no crystal piers with pris matic colours dancing about them. It is nothing but a great expanse of rough and seam-marked ice. The artbiteet of tins stupendous strncture is the sooth wind. A Steady blow from this quarter senses the foe in LakeErie, twenty-five miles away, tobrs&k; up into gigantic fragments, which float down the river until they shoot tbe rapids and plunge 6ver the cataract— a sight well worth a journey to see. Below the hills some of these cakes lodge. The frost and the foam weld them together, and the process goes on Until the river is covered from shore to shore. The bridge said to be the most extensive I m tew evrt been fonned, and stretches | from tbe ffotpYtoe c&taract; ?" three miles, being of a ihicknero bnerrequ&f; te the tallest of, "oity business blocks." It may be traveried at any point, and there is no fear .of & sudden breaking up of the foe, at any irate until warm weather sets In, and even then the prpoess would take some time. It offers excellent facilities for smugglers who are not slow to take advantage of them. Rich Quabtz. — Special information which reaches us from the Transvaal confirms— indeed, more than confirms — the intelligence recently published concerning the extraordin i ary richness of the goldfields in the Trans- I vaal. Tbe actual number of diggers still ' working at the Kaap fields is not very large, but their steady perseverance is a good sign of their success. The Boer Government im poses a duty of 5 per cent, on all tbe gold discovered in the country, and this fact acts as an incentive to secrecy on the part of the miners, who will not willingly declare the full amount of their finds; while they think it is due to their interest also to disconrage a " rush." But there are at the present time at least 500 diggers steadily at work at De Kaap, and paying duty on considerable quantities of gold. The wealth of the auri ferous deposit here, however, is entirely eclipsed by that of the Berlin Reef, in the Ley den burg Goldfields. The report of a competent "English geologist, acting on behalf of a company which is about to purchase the property, testifies that the minimum average yield of gold in the reef is 16oz. for every ton of quartz, while as much as l,000oz. has been procured from a ton of quartz. The report of an intending purchaser is not likely to over- value a pro perty, and this extraordinary estimate may therefore be accepted as reliable. Even allowing for considerable exaggeration, it is clear that the district about the Dr&kensberg; Mountains on the eastern side of the Trans vaal, is wonderfully rich in gold. — "Colonies and India." Unpublished Letter of Burns. — Mr. G. W. Campbell, a Scotchman, resident in Sheffield, produced at the annual celebration in that town of Burns's Anniversary an original letter of the Scottish poet, which has been in Mr. Campbell's family for fifty years, and was then made public for the first time. The following is a copy of the letter : — " Sir, — The language of refusal is to me the most difficult language on earth, and you are a man of the world, excepting one of right honourable obsignation, to whom it gives me greatest pain to hold each language. My brother has already got money, and shall want nothing in my power to enable him to fulfil his engagement with yon; hat to he security on so large a scale, even for a brother, is what I dare not do, except I were in such circumstances of life as that the worst that might happen could not greatly injure me. I never wrote a letter which gave 'me so much pain in my life, as I know the nn- happy consequences. I shall incur the dis pleasure of a gentlemah for whom I have the highest respect, and to I am deeply obliged. — I am ever, sir, yonr obliged and very hamble servant, Robert Burns. — Mossgrove, Friday morning." The Vienna correspondent of the Daily News says that at Jena on one day twenty- one BeriouB duels took place among the university students and; the arms used not having been properly cleaned, all those who . were wounded had their blood poisoned. 'About forty young men are lying fn tbe hospital ib a serious condition. One, the oqly son of wealthy parents, had his mind tip pet by a severeattaok of fever, and committed . : suicide by taking strychnine. He died after a terrible agony that lasted many honrs. Two more have since died, and there is little bope of saving more than one-half of those who are still ill. This calamity (the correspondent says) will no doubt serve to make university duelling very unpopular in Germany, if not with the yonng men themselves, certainly with their relations. 