NITED 1ME IHODIST FREE CIIUR n C, . OUTtH YA RA. I t meoting in connection with the above cliprclh was hold in the South Yarra Hall, Toorak roail, on Toesd·?.y evening, when about 200 peroens pa/?ook ofthe good things so liberally: provided. Amongat thoso ladies iwho presided at tho tabl.s were the following :--Mcredames Bulling, Pope, Bartholomeo , Blanchird, Packer, and. Paydon. The tables having be4n cleared away,i a public meoting was hold. Mr ;J. Harris, M.LLA. presiding. After tho usual religious exorcises, . Tile Chairman said' ho understood 'that the mco'ing was held to clebrato the planting of a branch of the United Methodist Free Church in doutih Yara, A few wbeks ago when he congratu lated Mr Fuller, at the opening of the iall, upmn the enteoprise Ie had d isplayed, he little thought that the building would be so soon put to the noblest of uses-the worship of Gad.. In South Yarra there was room for all denominations, and ,ver" good Christian and good citizen must be pleased at the opening' of such places tor public vorship. He would rismark that sorvibaes being held in the hall would iprevoent a nugmbor of people. goiu. by train into i Melbourne to worship. Although he doubtless hld views upon thb Sunday question different to some of them, he had no hesitation in saying tlhat he would lil1S to see. labou .on that day minimisod to the' greatest possible extent. He load to apologiso for the absrrco of Mr M. H. Davies, M.L.A., who would have bean present, had his duties allowed liim; but HMr Davies had done thelnext best thing to coming, lie hid sent a donation of £2 2s. He (Mr Harris) trusthed that the present would be the nublens of a large congregation, and he he hoped, shsuld the reverend gentlemen present st a funatro time determine upon the oreqtion of a place of worship, that they would call ~spon him to asss t them (Applause.) place of worship, some £J10 or £12 were .required, nod that books, &c.;, wedo wanted. He mentioned that a Sunday School was also to be' opened. Several persons had offered their services asiteachers and children wore anxioun to attend. The Rev. T. Riding " aid the membera of the church had decided to cemmenco a cause in South Yarra, because they had a longing desire for the salvation of souls. MAen were dying, lost. bn every side, and it was the duty of all to put forvard in dividual effort to save thom. Unity of eolhrt was necessary, anid the few, if united, would, succeed. He had no'doubt that tho cause would prosper if they were in earnest, an/l exercised themselves in praise and prayer, whiclf would give euccrss when everything else failed. The Rev. H: Wallace said lie was deliddhted to have a chairman who took so much inetrest in their rising cause. Hoe urgcd upon his heqrers the necessity of activity as ah element of succss, and said that every Christian should be always striving to bring others into the baptism of the Holer Ghost. He hoped that too mubh' would not be let to the minister,. and that the Imembers of the' church would visit from house to house and endeevour to bring to their meeting thbse who wont to so place of worship. They should remember that although few in numbers they would have dn thbir side Omnipotent power, The' reverend gepntleman 'then alluded to the efficacy of' of prayer. He felt sure that they wpuld succeed, and that the timre would come when they would have to call upon their chairman to fulfil his promise, and upon other benevolent individuals, upon the occasion 'of their building a church. The Ro.'. T. A. Bayloy-laid the Rev. W. Tranter who was to have attended the meeting, had been at Sale, and was unable to be present, also, that the Rev. J. Barniogham had been on the hick list for twvo or three weeks.' He (the speakbr) had been interested in the statements which hleid been made relative to the purpose for winch the hall was opened as a place of worship and the prospenc of success. He had known many ccauses, which had commenced in: a (maller way to Ithis, to increase and be prospeor us. For instancd, at a place in Birmingham, preycer meetings wetb- com menced in a small room. Shortly after a larger room was required, and afterwards in connection with the same cause, a chapel that would coutai4 1,500 people was built, and there were now four sabbath Schools in operation. ?He might mentios other eimilar instances, where' religious communities having small beginnings hbd advanced stop a? step ; and he hoped this caush would advance ia lire manner. But they shotIld remember thht God helped thode who helped themselves. They must work with earnestness, devotion to God, and a desire todo good to men. ' The Rev. J. Ross said they must be propared to have difficulties to contend with ; but it they looked back at the past, to the manner in which the Gospel had spread, and to Ithe good which htid benu done by it, they had noI reason to be dismayed. Afflictions and trials were' good for all peotele, but Christians know where to go fbr help. the mem. bera of their church" did Aot come to South. Yarra to oantend with friendd. They belonged to the same army as the other tlenommations, and were fighting in the same cause against the einenies of OChristianity. Heo had no doubt that they' would prosper, and that if they went on in faith add con. tidence in God, He would ,give them his bleshing. The Rev. Mr Seccombo. moved a vote of 'tlhanks to the ladies who had presided at the tea I tables, the choir and the organist. Mr Beatty seconded the motion, and alluded to the benefit which would bb effected by the cpening of the Sunday School. The niotion was carried' Mr Packer moved a veto of thanks to th, chair man far the oexcellent nAanner in whihol ho had presided. He felt gratifle~ that they had for their Parliamentary representalives, two gentlemen so well qualifieod to take the chair at.meetings of Christian people. He thanked the friend's fromt Richmond for the help they had rendered.' As to the Sunday School, if they residents of the locality whose children did not attend any Sundty school, would send them to trte hall, they wosld be most welcome. Several sersons well qual lled as teachers had decided to ecme. Mr. Blanchard second,,d the motion, which was carried with acclamation.' ' Daring the evering sodoeral anthems weole sung by the choir of the Richmond church, wlho dis played much efficiency; 2?r. Huddlestone c bnduct ing aud Mr. Ross presiding at the harmonium. It was announced that the Sunday School would commonce on Sunday we"lk at half-past 2 p.m. 