THE DANK OP ENGLAND. I LOUDON OIOBE.1 The old lady of Threadncedie-strcet has been putting her house in order. Whether under the influence of a spirit of rivalry en gendered by the now bnildings and fine ma chinery of the kindred cstahiiBbment on Tower-bill, or whether entirely stimulated by tlio exigencies of increased business, need not lie determined ; but the Bank of England is just now tlie scene of unusual bustlo and ac tivity. What is practically a fine neiy en trance into the building has been recently opened up from Trinoess-street. It lias bren described as a new door way. It is hardly this, however. The door lias always been there, and some of tlie very old stagers on tip? establishment can remember ito having been opened. A good many years ago, however, during some lime of popuinr tunnod, this ontrauco was practically abolished by building up inside it a ponderous mass of brickwork and masonry. This has been removed, and access to tlie interior of the hank may now bo had on tlie western side. Inside tlie hank, too, there has been a considerable "readjustment of offices. The public drawing office, for instance, and tile branch bank office have been trans ferred to tho haudsome and spacious room which formerly was tho nccoiintunt'u bank note office — the office, that is to say,' in which eld bank-notes are sorted and registered be fore being stored aivny in the dark vaults of tlio bank, where, for live years, tliey lie packed away in little woodon boxoi, something like pluin- hoxes, ready to appear, like so many accusing angels, against anybody who has m »<i e them "the means of fraud. It is a iittlo irregular to havo got down into this liutlier vvor.d of pecuniary ghosts so early in tlie course of nn inspection of tho bank, bnt, now that wo are here, it may save coming down ngnin if we look about us a little. Tkero aro probably people about to whom a region of veritable ghosts would be scarcely more fearsome than these gloomy, si lent avenues, piled up high ou either hand ivitli these little wooduu reooptaeles. It is rather a startling idea that very possibly Hashes upon tho visitor as he moves amid these silent wit nesses to so many monetary transactions that if during tlie paHt five years lie lias scribbled ids name and ad dress across a Bank of England note, pnobably that signature is here, and that somebody may some day bring into tlie baulc upstairs a note bearing the snino number as that which ho signed. Supposing the uew arrival is suffici ently genuine ill appearance to pass muster — no doubt, rattier n far-fetched supposition, un less it really is genuine — within a few hours a clerk will take dinvn as queer a looking lodger ns over went under tlie name, and will pro ceed to " post" the note. Then it will be seen that tlie proper place for a note of that date and that number has already been filled in. .Something must he wrong. The new arrival may liu a good note. In that case the other must be a forgery, and anybody whose name appears ou it may expeot communications. Any day something irregular in tlio history of one of these uotcs may bring down upon any of us the attentions of a detective, just as Mr. James Dayn, iu liis l.ovl sir Aitusinybcrd, makes the famous old Bow-street runner Townsond swoop down upon the simple old farmer who has quite innocently taken one or two of tlio notes traced to him from these gloomy vaults, A clear conscience is a pleasant possession as one trudges through these dark avenues by tlie glimmer of nn old-fashioned lantern. And yet a roguo might persuade himself that lie is safe onough amid this amazing Htore. Tho officials givo you o little printed slip from which it appears that in tlie course of livo years tlie paid notos amount to 77,715,000 in number, nnd that they fill 13,100 boxes, wliipli if placed side by side would reach 2J miles. If the notos were placed in n pile they would reach to a height of 53 inileB, or if joined eud to end they would form a ribbon 12,4(5 miles Jong. Their superficial extent is said lo bo rather less than that of Hyde Parle. Tliey weigh over !)0js tons, and their original value was over IT, 750, 620,000. The greatest of rogues might bo inclined to find some comfort in the extent and intricacy of such a store of old paper. Qf course, however, tliey ore most systematically nrrangod, and any note of the 77,000,000 may be pounced upon with tlie utmost celerity and precision. At the end of five years these old notes are thrown into a furnace specially constructed for tlio purpose and burned. It is a curious fact, however, tiiat so firih in toxture is tho paper of a genuine Bank of England noto that huruing alone can hardly destroy it. The authorities havo in a little glazed frame tho remnants of a note which was in tlie great fire of Chicago, Though completely charred and black, tlie papor still lipids togotlier, and tlio printing of the note is said to bo sufficiently legible to establish its genuineness and to war rant its bciug ensiled. There are some other notes here tiint were cashed after having gone down with the Enrydice a few years ago, and reduced to Iittlo better than pulp. Indeed, tlie scraps and fragments which sometimes cqme into tlie bank 'to be cashed have a really ridiculous -appearance. On tlio occasion of a recent visit, for instance, the officials had uuder examination a number of fragments of discolored paper, none much bigger than a sixpence, and when put together presenting to the unskilled eye not the slightest resemblance to a note. And yet it was pretty confidently asserted tiiat the paper would be cashed. It is beneath the dignity of tho Bank of England to take, or even to appear to take, advantage of accideuts to their notes, and if there is any possibility of establishing the iden tity of one of them, it is sure to be duly honored. Even where a note is entirely des troyed, proper evidence of tho fact of destruc tion will bo accepted and payment made. A lost note will in some coses be paid, and there is one occasion recorded upon which tho liberal attitnde of tlie directors in a case of this kind involved them in a loss of £30,000. A bank director declared that he had lost a note for that amount, aud upon his giving an indemnity for tlie sum ill the event of the noto ever turning up the money was paid to him. Many years after his death an unknown person presented the missing note. Tlie paper ivus undeuiubly good, and tho bank had no alternative but to cash it, as it was payable to bearer nn duinnud, and ns tlie lieiri of the hank director wlin liad lost it repudiated all liability, the money could nut ho recovered. Tho collection of forged notes wliieb have been Btopped at tlie counters, nnd have been accu mulated in a kind of scrap book, 13 very in teresting even to those who have no intention of embarking in tliis fine of enterprise. To the great fraternity of forgers — said to have been entirely evolved so far as bank note3 are con cerned since the year 175S— probably no volume extant would afford half tho interest of this enrions collection. But we are fairly above ground again, and somewhere nearer the point at which auy methodical nccount of the bank's paper currency ought to have commenced. However methodically dis- posed may be the stranger who should thoroughly inspect tlio Bank of England, he will probably soon relinquish all attempts at method in arranging his ideas. It is a most bewildering place, and the stranger cannot, on the whole, do much better than give himself up to his guides aud take thinus as tliey present themselves to his notice. He will probubly leave tlie establishment with a grand jumble of ideas, in whioh piles of coin nnd bundles of bank notes, and barrows oi bullion, and whirling machinery, and extensive vis tas of clerks will be the main details, and if iu nny attempt to describe what he has seen there is no little coiifnsion, his nccount may ho accredited with the greater rraiscmblanee. Of course, the place is not in confusion. Order is tlie Bank's first law, and everything is rigidly systematic ; bnt the im pression brought away by most Btrangers — especially if tliey have penetrated into some of tlio more obscure nooks and corners of the vast building — will he of the utmost bewilder ment and confusion. "We have not space in this article to describe the beautiful new machinery for printing bank nates, which lias just been set up, and is now throwing oil these dainty little works of art with a rapidity never before attained. 