Original jMory. All Sights Retserxed. VIOLET MATLAND. Chapter VIII. (Continued.) By Fbaxk Lynn. This time she touched the spring, and closed the panel behind her. and again tried to see if anything could be seen on the cobwebby wall's. For a time she flashed the light up arid down in every direction but nothing rewarded her search. To enable her to stand on tiptoe, the better to see some suspicious looking cobwebs beyond her reach, Violet placed her hand exactly on the stain that had been left by the bloody hand so many years before. To her surprise. she felt something yield and in a moment, with a creak, a panel glided slowly aside, disclosing to view another recess, but unlike the other it was small and littered with apers and boxes, all looking as if they Eai ad been placed there in a great hurry; and on one of the boxes lav a dagger, and tunic, Violet lifted up the dagger and found that the blade was very much rusted, and the jewelled handle was stained in several places, laying it down Violet-took up the tunic, but dropped it ;in horror, on finding that it was covered with dark blood stains. They were perhaps the sole witnesses of some dark deed, that had been done ages before Violet was born, for the dust had spread its grey mantle deeply over all. A bunch of keys 'Were lying on the floor beside one of-the boxes, and taking them up, Violet with some difficulty unlocked the smaller of tlie boxes, a strong one, made of some dark wood, and heavily clamped with iron, on opening, she found it full of jewels evidently of great value. Violet uttered a cry of surprise, and joyfully exclaimed, 1 " These must be the old Mayland jewels which have been lost so many years, how glad I am to find them. Shall I tell Bob? No, he would only sell them, I shall keep them until he marries, and then give them to his wife. Why these must have been here for ages, they disappeared when one, of the many. Sir Hughs was murdered. Then the mystery of the murder is explained. The murderer must have known of these recesses, and have entered through some secret way, murdered Sir Hugh while he lay asleep, and then, hidden the jewels here, waiting I suppose, for a chance to remove them, I expect the secret of this recess died with the murdered man. But now, I wiil examine these other boxes, and then have another hunt for the passage, if I don't find anything to guide me in my search among all these papers." The boxes were soon opened, and proved to be full of quaint old fashioned dresses, and other things, Many of the dresses were beautifully embroidered in pearls, and gold, amongst other things, were quantities of old lace. Beplacing the dresses, etc. Violet gathered the papers, or parchments together, and commenced examining them. Almost the first she opened, proved to be a plan of Mayland Hall, as it was originally, before any of the newer parts were added. In this plan, Violet found to her delight that on both sides of the West Wing, there were secret passages that led into the rooms above, and, also that the gallery and East Wing, were surrounded, by passages, which connected them with the West Wing, and led from one room to another, opening into all the recesses, and also leading-to a secret door in -the outside wail of each Wing. Violet's delight was unbounded, at last she had found out what had puzzled her for so long. The rest of the papers were cither letters, or what Violet imagined to be deeds, they had evidently been placed there by the murdered man, or his murderer, as they all bore dates of a few years before his death, putting the papers into one corner of the recess, Violet reopened the outer panel, and taking the plan, and box containing the jewels, which was almost more than she could lift, she returned to her study, placing the box on the sofa, she closed the panels, and sat down to examine the contents of the box. The jewels had evidently" been placcd in the box in a hurry, for they were piled in anyhow, with no order in their arrangement. The quaint old setting of many of the things, charmed Violet, and even her inexperienced eyes could tell, that many of the stones were unusually fine. There was no time for her to examine them fully, for she wanted to explore the haunted rooms before luncheon, and already it hadnearly reached that hour. " " I" shall have only time to find my way there and nothing more to-day," signed Violet, as she took out her watch and found out how late it was getting, I must replace these jewels, and lock up the box m my room before I go." This done, she again inspected the plan and hastily drawing a rough sketch of the part she wanted to explore, she locked the original away in her desk, and re-entered the larger and outer recess, but the sight of the chair which she had used to get down the ring, made her determine that before exploring any further, she would again examine the place where she had found it. Stepping on the chair, she minutely inspected the part of the wall surrounding the nail, but except for a slight mark on . one side nothing rewarded her search. As a last resource and partly in impatience, she gave a tug at the nail and found that it opened a tiny door, revealing to view a very small recess only a few inches square, in which lay a paper. Violet took out the paper, "arid then closing the door dismounted from her chair and by the aid of her lantern tried to read it. After puzzling over it for some minutes, she succeeded in making out,-that it was a letter from Maud Mayland to her lover, and Violet was surprised to find that his name was Gladwyn which to her mind at once settled the doubt about Captain Temple being descended from her ancestor's foes. In it Maud Mayland mentioned the secret passage, and outer door, and gave him directions how to find both. if he were detained in Mayland Hall, that this letter had ever reached the hands of the man for whom it was destined, there was nothing to show, or why, it had been placed where Violet had found it. But she had no time to speed in thinking over the strange letter, so she hastily placed it in her pocket, and rising looked for the sliding panel that led to the passage. Indeed she found it so easily, that she was surprised at not having noticed the spring before. Violet entered the passage and found with surprise, tliat it was not half so dusty as the inner recess, and that here, and ihe re, were marks as if foot prints, and others like the paw marks of some large dog. But flunking that they must have beeu traced there ages ago, she passed on, but as she neared the secret door the marks became far more frequent. Wondering at what could have caused tliein, she bent to examine the floor, and was still more surprised to find that they seemed very recent. Violet attentivelv observed all the wall as she passed along tlie passage, and after a few minutes looking, found the panel that stided aside to disclose a staircase leading upwards. Up this she mounted with difficulty, for it was very steep and narrow, but at last she gained the passage on top, and opening another panel, found herself in a room, the cxaet counterpart in carving, and everything except the wiudovvs, which were much narrower, of the one immediately below. The furniture was quaint and old, but beautifully carved, and covered with what had once been red velvet, but it was sadly faded by the sun, that had shone uuheeded into the room for ages, through the unshuttered windows, and eaten By insects, who had committed their ravages in peace in the untenanted rooms. To Violet's surprise there was not any dust to be seen anywhere, she had expected to see the same grey mantle covering everything, as it did in the inner recess. On the walls hung several paintings, very old and dim, all seemed portraits of the Maylands, with the exception of one, a beautiful Madonna, which 1 caught Violet's eye at once." Unlike the others, the colors still retained their beauty, and Violet gazed at the beautiful yet sorrowful face in mute admiration, nntil the tears came into her eyes. So intent was she on the lovely sorrowing features that seemed almost life-like, that she did not notice a growl that apparently came from the wall. Iu a few seconds the growl was repeated, only much louder, this time, Violet heard it, but before she could turu, or evou look .round something flung her violently to the floor, and she was conscious of a deep tearing pain. Fainting from the pain she" remembered nothing more, until she was roused by being raised, carried, and again laid down, but unconsciousness came on, and she only roused herself to find, that she was lying on the sofa in her own room, with her dress very much cut and torn, and her shoulder bound up. As she came to herself, she felt that someone was looking at her, but on opening her eyes, no person was near, though, she heard a sound like the closing of a panel and of distant foot steps. But for the shattered lantern, and a tiny piece of paper beside it, she would have thought it all a dream. For a few seconds she lay dreamingly looking arotmd,' feeling to tired to move, then stretching out her hand, she took up the paper on which was written— " Do not fear that there will be any dimgor from your shoulder, as I have bound it up properly. You need not go to a doctor about it unless you like, it will heal perfectly if left alone. Do not try to find out the secret of the West Wins', hut wait until the time comes when you will learn all—it ib not fair distant now, so wait and be patient. H you will give me your promise, not to venture again into the haunted rooms, I shall fell relieved, and yon will he doing yourself a kindness, as well as aiding an exile. If you can give me this promise, write a note, and leave it for me in the recess." Violet read this strange epistle several times with great surprise, and after puzzling over it for some time, she came to the conclusion tliat it would perhaps be better to give the promise, though her natural curiosity made her wish to resume the search as soon as possible. The greater the difficulty, the more she longed to overcome it. . Bising with difficulty, for she felt very weak and faint from loss of blood and the pain of her shoulder aud arm, and getting a sheet of note paper, she wrote in faint weak characters, very different from her usual writing; " You have my promise not to attempt to explore any further into the Bdorote of the West Wing, until I may do so with your leave." " There ! that is done, I will place it in the recess." As she turned around towards the recess, it seemed as if it were only just closed to very gently. Opening the panel and placing the note on the floor and again closing the recess was the work of a moment. Stilling her curiosity Violet entered her dressing-room and tried to change her dress, but. the pain in her arm was so great that in attempting it she fainted away. How long she remained unconscious she had. no idea, but on coming to herself, found that it was- getting late in the afternoon. Havihg learned by experience, that it was no use trying to dress by herself she did not attempt to put on her dress, but rang for her maid. Still, even with Mary's help, she could not manage it. " What is the matter with your arm. Miss Violet?" anxiously enquired the maid. " I fell, and cut it badly," carelessly replied Violet," but the bandages, and swelling are too much'for the tight sleeves of this dress. Can you not find me one with looser sleeves. . " No, there is nothing that you can get over those bandages, unless yoji cut. the sleeve." • r , " I am afraid tliat will not do, as, I am to go for a long drive with Lady Knight," and Violet looked perplexed. ' "Put on this dressing gown, Miss Violet, with a dust coat over, it, no one would guess that it was auything but a dress," suggested Maty taking up a crimson dressing gown as she spoke; - " I am afraid that would hardly do Mary," answered Violet, smiling at the thought of driving in a dressing gown, " but," she added quickly, " I will put on the dressing gown now, and you must tell John to take a note to Knightsbridge, and then Lady Knight need not come out of her way to take me up. I feel dreadfully tired," and she wearily sank into a chair. Ma>y busied herself with, putting away the discarded dresses, and before Violet could stop her, had raised the torn and bloodstained one bom the ' floor, where it had dropped when Violet fainted. "Oh! Miss Violet! How you cut yourself, the dress is covered with blood and the body so torn," and the maid viewed the dress with free expressive of horror, " Did you cut it to get it offP" she enquired. " Partly, and tore it as well." " How brave you are Miss Violet, and bandaged it up and all ? I could have done nothing but scream if I had cut myself like tuat." " But I did not," replied Violet, with rather a dreary laugh, " I only fainted, but Mary I am very tired, will you go into my sitting room, and bring me the small desk ou one of the side tables, I will write the note for Lady Knight at once?" Mary did as she was bid, but in a few minutes rushed back with a shriek, "Miss Violet! Miss Violet! the ghost!" "Why Mary, a ghost by daylight, what a foolish girl you are," and in spite of her weakness Violet laughed merrily. " But really I saw it," replied the maid, her eyes wide open with terror, and a quiver on her lips at Violet's laugh. •'Then what was it like?" asked V iolet, trying to hide her mirth, when she saw tliat it vexed the girl. "A great, big, dog. When I first went into the room, I thought it was Bay's big bloodhouud, that had strayed into your room somehow or other, but when I spoke to it, it disappeared into the wall, so it mu>4 have been a ghost." Violet said noihing, feeling sure that this must have been the animal that had attacked her in the haunted room, but of course could not tell rnary this. After a few seconds she laughed and said, Ceme with me into the study Mary, and we will see whether it is there now." " Oh! Miss Violet, I'd rather not., I'm so afraid." " 1'ou foolish girl, never mind 1 will write my note, and you shall stay until I bring it to you," and. as she spoke she left the room. In a few miuutes she returned and handed the note to mary, who immediately left the West Wing. " Poor Mary!" said Violet, laughing. " What a tale she will have to recount to her fellow servants, none of tiiem will care to enter these rooms for ever so long. Well, all this is strange, and I certainly don't care about great dogs running in and out of my rooms, especially if tney have a tendency to attack defenceless women. But how my shoulder pains, and I feel dreadfully tired," as she spoke she returned to her study, and breathed a sigh of relief as she sank down on the sofa. In a few minutes, the weariness arising from pain and weakness, made her fall asleep. She slept on till the grey twilight crept into the room, shading crery-, thing in its soft exquisite light, into one harmonious whole. Everything rough or rugged seemed softened by the grey light uutil it lost its individuality, and became only a part of the perfect blending of all. How Ion" Violet would have slept on is doubtful, for she wagnot expected at dinner, nor would anyone have gone to find her if b!io had, as she was so often absent from the meals, that her nonappearance was seldom noticed, had she nut been aroused by a dog's cold nose being pushed against her lace and a warm tongue licking her. Starting up in a fright she saw in the twilight a urge bloodhound standing by the side of me couch. Her first feeling was almost one of terror and a longing to escape from the fierce animal who had her completely at his mercy. But the huge dog evidently wished to make friends, so she stifled her first impulse, and gently stroked tho great head that pushed itself into the cushion. In a few seconds she noticed that besides the dog, there was someone else in the room, but the gloom, in which the figure stood, was too dense for Violet to distinguish anything of the form} except that it was very tall, and- she fancied that she could make out the figure of a man. Before she could speak, or move, a soft melodious voice came from the corner where the form, or rather shadow—for it was more of the latter— stood. " So this is her room," tlie voice said, " My child, my "citild, how I wish that I could tell her all, but it cannot be yet, I dare not look at this room in the daylight, but must only see it* in this gloomy twilight, and to-day when I carried her dow n, I could not pause to see It, for she roused at once. But for her finding her. way into the haunted rooms I might never have found out the way through tliesc sliding panels. But I must go or she will be returning from . dinner, and I don't want her to see me yet." : As the voice ceased, it moved towards the sliding panel, but paused as it reached it, and acldcd, " I wonder how her shoulder is," but I must tear myself away, Jasper! come old fellow !" But Jasper did not stir from Violet's side where he had couched as if on guard, and only whined in answer to the call. " Come, Jasper!" the voice said again quickly and impatiently. "You are stupid, what have you.foundP', But still Jasper only wliiued, and refused to move. Uttering an exclamation of surprise at the dog's disobedience, the figure moved further into the light, and Violet saw at once that it was that of a very fine man, tall and slight, but she could not see the face, being only able to make out a long fair beard. The man came towards the sofa, but though he could see the light color of the dog, nothing was to be distinguished of Violet for the sofa stood in the deepest gloom, and Violet's dressing gown of deep crimson quite matched the velvet covering of the Couch. "Come Jasper, what is itP" and bending to pat the dog, he laid one hand on the sofa, almost touching Violet as she lay as still as possible. But Jasper refused to stir, and whined so pitiously that Violet felt very much inclined to laugh. At last, after watching the two for some seconds, she said very quietly. 1 4 Jasper and I are sworn friends already." At the sound of her voice the man started, and raising himself to his full height, muttered something that Violet could not catch, then added aloud in a quiet voice, ' I trust your shoulder is' better Miss Maud P " " I cannot say that it is, for the pain is almost unbearable when I move. But my name is not Maud." ' Not Maud ! then what is it P " in a quick impatient tone. " Violet." "Nothing elseP" " Yes, Mabel," replied Violet in a merry tone, amused at his quick impatient questioning." "I always thought that you were called Maud, why, 1 cannot say, but on that ring you wear, there are. the initials M.M. feria that made me more convinced than ever that it was Maud. Whose initials are they P " To be Continued. " It's a ve-iy solemn thing tr be married, ' said Aunt Bethamy.—" Yes, but it's a grest deal more solemn not to be," said her niece. 'Pray don't attempt to darn your cobwebs," was Swift's advise to a gentleman of strong imagination and weak memory, who was laboriously explaining himself. ' Well, I shall do my best to have justice done you," said-the lawyer to his client. " Indeed, if you are going to do that," replied die rascal, "I think I'd better be off at once." 