A CHRISTMAS BOX. THEEE is a very pretty story from Ballsrat at the expense of two Melbourne men, whom we will call for the nonce Jones and Robinson. Jones, who weighs nearly thirteen stone, and stands about five feet ten in his stockings, has recently been taking some lessons in the noble art of self defence from a well-known Melbourne bruiser, and as a consequence is open to fight all and sundry at a moment's notice. Although a big and fairly-ecienced man, he has not the heart of a flea. Robinson is two stone heavier than Jones, and big enough to eat him, but if Jones is lacking in courage, Robinson is altogether destitute of even the faintest ghost of a spark of it. During the holidays, Jones and Robinson determinsd, amongst otber things, to " do " a trip to Ballarat. After the day had been spent in various parts of the city without a fight coming off, they finally brought up at the Hotel. Jones and Robinson had dined well, and were at the bar taking " another," when a little, rquare-set, inoffensive man came in and ordered a nobbier cf whiskey. No sooner did the girl set it down on the counter, than Jones, with a lordly sweep of bis hand, knocked it over. The little man looked at his spilt whiskey and looked at Jones, but said nothing. Turning to the barmaid, he simply asked her to refill his glass. She did. so. and J ones again sent it flying. Said the little man to Jones, " You're either a blackguard or a bully ; if you do that again 1 shall hurt you." The glass was filled for the third time, and Jones took it up and threw the contents in the face of the little man. Just five minutes afterwards Jones was lying in a corner of the room, an unrecognizable heap of battered humanity. Robinson had fled, no one knew whither. A search was instituted for him by some disinterested friends, who had witnessed the whole proceedings, and finally he was discovered in one of the upstair rooms under the bed. He was brought down and shown his friend Jones. "By Jingo." he said, when he saw the helplesB state Jones was in, peeling off his coat at the same time. " By Jingo, Jones, you're a coward. Get up and fight." Poor Jones was put to bed, and now came the difficulty. How was he to get home to the suburbs without being seen ? A happy thought struck him, as he lay in bed nursing his poor eyes and broken nose. He would telegraph for a hansom to meet him at the Spencer-street station by the afternoon train. But those who had witnessed the fight got wind of his intention, and they sent the following telegram to the Melbourne Stock Exchange, where poor Jones was well known : " Meet the remains of poor Jones, Comes by mid-day train to-day." The friends, believing the telegram to be bona fide, and under the impression that some terrible accident had terminated the earthly career of poor Jones, hired a hearse, and awaited with considerable anxiety, the arrival of the train. It is needless to add how charmed and delighted poor Jones was on beholding, as he alighted from his carriage, the mournful group of all his " best" friendB, and the black carriage in waiting. Moral for poor Jones, which he has laid well to heart.—Before knocking over a man's glass again, he will take good care to find out beforehand who he is/and what he knows about the noble krt of self- defence. 