Yo& note the tiny straws go floating round, Now steadying, ,T ,. Now eddying, Wow mounting us if on a spiral wound, \- Now falling listless to the dusty ground, Whirling,' Swirling, Curling Ana then you say, " By these same straws are found ine point from which the whistling wind doth sound! " So tis in politics. You note the straws. The pattering, __ . The flattering,: eve 8 made everywhere by jaws Of candidates who fight a certain cause, . .. The yearnings. The turnings, _ v. Heart-burnings, ^he dodges, too, of wily Cowlishaws Who 11 draw an argument as fine as gauze. You mark the methods of the politician, The scornings, _ George-Thornings, The humble wording of the meek petition : That asks the people put some in position, » The drawling, The crawling \- Each strawlmg Of certain value is to the logician Who'd gaiige the meaning of the Nation's mission. So here I bundle up the whirling waifs Which, fluttering, Are uttering " . Soft explanations of their secret chafes, As, now o'er desert, now in darksome caves, They're hurried, . _ J And scurried, ~ ' And worried, " . Until I stick them in my columned safes, And give each hiah the hews for which he craves. . FOOTS is a certainty for Bundanba. Anybody else will simply put his Foote in it. Tho Stagnant party hare pasted their placard upon William Kellett. Fetor. Thomson they "don't kuow/3 now. - You see, it's this way. When a John Douglas leaves aSam Griffith, and makes a logical speech, these; Lib--Stagnants, and especially Gowlishaw's stagnation,; the Evening Fishwife, always call hima " turncoat," butI whema political bad egg like Willy Kellett-~ra man who dare pot answer FIGMIO'S charges against liim-^-deserts? the party to whom he owes political life, why then, the? Stagnant Association welcome him as " a man and a brother," and places him on their own programme. \ Thady O'Kaiie has "gone for" Frank Stubley. Thady has told the Charters Towers miners that Stubley is a "sank duffer." Oh, Thady! Why didn't you "go; for"-a M^Hwrathian ? This spleen of yours has simply; put Stubley in.. [Ten to One, bar one.*-Political Book maker.'} Since receiving a certain telegram, Thady lias; rejoined Stubley, and says there never was a better! J.O. Walker (significant name!) is going to contest Mulgrave with Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith. This might be thought stupidity, but it isn't. J. C. Walker is a store keeper i and wants to advertise himself. He hasn't a ghost of a chance, he hasn't any . pronounced politics but, just think of the advertisement ! Walker is evidently business. ? W. R.> Higson has consented to be a candidate for Rockhampton. He is (or was, when I knew him) a produce merchant. I've sold him many a bag of maize. He's a cash man in business, whatever his politics are. Alderman Killeen, f>f Clermont, contests Clermont.. H.?' M. Nelson, of Loudon, is a candidate for the Northern Barling Downs. That's one more than we; al-Loudon. Fancy Isambert, the German dynamite-bomb, being' capable of " denouncing the tyranny of- the preisent Government." Why doesn't/ he print his rag in EnglishP . - ? - ? . _ Salkeld and Macfarlane, candidates for Ipswich, are a tame fizzle. There is nothing in either-except econothy. William Kellett is in favor of payment of Members.; William Kellett also wants to be a Member. < j ? Thady O'Kane has crownedJhis numerous eccentricities by coming out for the Kennedy electorate.: What will O'Donnell say ? This is a direct opposition on Thady's part to AntLcant Rutledge. Thady' won't; spend any money over the contest, but the Northern. Miner Willie brimful of brag worth analysing. Honestly, I'd, soonel vote for Thady than for Arthur Rutledge. " C. Walker, storekeeper, of Bundaberg». has ibeeq persuaded", to contest the Mulgrave electorate with: Sir Thomas M'Hwraith. His fate will be u Walker." Old B. B. Sheridan has made the Maryborough electors a funny promise. He said that if they Bent him into Parliament/ he would "never remember the past." Well, there's no need to " remember the present, ' and it oply remains for the gifted: S. B. to "always re member the future J" ; So, so. Another cat let out of the ;bag, Sammy Griffith is Tunning Dickson for Enoggera all he knows, and Arthur Butledge. ("the man wot abhors can't, yer know ")is going for the Kennedy. The why and where fore is thuswise. Dickson is to be Sam's Treasurer and Butledge Attorney-General. Sam doesn't want 'em both to represent one constituency. Though, for the matter of that, Arthur, the weeping lawyer, always is a good representative of Enoggera. The Maryborough Chronicle dubs Griffith's electoral address a failure as a manifesto. That is right enough. I agree with the Chronicle in that. But what Mary. borough people want to know is, who is responsible for the Press failure the Chronicle, by its recent-chameleon propensities, exhibits? For sickening trimming and ingenious nothingness, it would be hard to beat the last few weeks' lucubrations of Woodyatt's chameleon. Take one side or t'other, John. If you've- phlegm in your throat, don't be ashamed to spit it out. Torn Price says he doesn't want a portfolio, and wouldn't even look at a billet as a police magistrate. / Paddy Hickey enlivened one of S. B. Sheridan's election meetings in Maryborough the other night by hiccuping a regular stream of remarks." But when Paddy began to sing, "Home, Sweet Home," the audience couldn't stand it ; so Tom Hutchins, the people's auctioneer, put Paddy on' his back and hoisted him out into the cold, cold street. Otherwise, Sheridan's meeting was tame. He fetched his audience with this quotation " Those statesmen at election will palaver great affection. And tell you in your cause they are so hearty, O; If you're wise you will not mind them, ~ ; For their promises you'll find them, . *" Are all in my eye and Betty Martin, O." P. F. Macdonald contests Blackall against A. Archer. P. F. Sachs has a notion he can run in for Townsville against Macrossan and "through" Hubert. Macrossan will be an easy winner. . "The Northern Miner renounces Fjsnk Stubley," shrieks Thady O'Kane, who says that Frank has turned ' out a '' rank duffer " as a representative. It is hinted that H. E. King, if defeated at Mary borough, will next essay Wide Bay. \ ; Truthful George Thorn says it is the easiest thing in the world to get the residents of graveyards to record their votes, and wishes all other electors were so tractable.. . The Maryborough Chronicle reports It. B. Sheridan as telling a meet ing that " if. elected, he. would go into Parliament with no object to serve** Then, what is the, .use of going in at all, Sherry ? Little Bailey has been distinguishing himself on the Tiaro bench. A case of sly .grog selling had been con cluded, and the defendant fined heavily. The defending solicitor threatened a prohibition, whereupon little Bailey made an electioneering speech from the Bench, and endeavoured to propitiate the .fined party's friends by asserting that he differed from his two colleagues. The other Justices (H. Boss and J. Dowser) thereupon; gave little Bailey a decided piece of their mind, and turned the electioneering dodge completely over. Is Pat Real, the barrister, really (no pun intended) going to be a, candidate for Ipswich ? Time he declared definitely'. , , The Bundalierg Mail said a very happy thing when it remarked that the only " definite thing" in Samuel Walker Griffith's electoral address is " its length." At Mellor's first political meeting at Tiaro, little Bailey gave himself a sensational advertisement. He suddenly announced that a beloved neighbour had taken a dose of strychnine and that he, Bailey, was wanted to save a life. Then he rushed frantically away and visited the lock-up to give an emetic to a man who had taken a dose of Epsom salts/ Wonder whether the Ipswich "Infant" put Bailey up to that dodge F , A goocl many Charters Towers people seem to be sorry that Mr. Beidrich has retired from contesting the Kennedy. : W. H. Groom has his election address out to the people of Drayton and Toowoomba. It makes over two columns of his own paper. He runs the Griffith policy out-and-out and says he is a " moderate protectionist." I never knew a "moderate" protectionist in my life! W. H. G. is also an advocate of Payment of Members, but he doesn't say how " moderate" he is on that point. Jaeschke, the editor of the' ftord Australwche Zeitung has been up Toowoomba way to canvass Aubigny electors in the interest of James Campbell.' The people up there have, so far, survived the sudden And scorching apparition of so brilliant a literary luminary. It is funny how our Queen Street Stagnant^ fade into nothingness when they air themselves in the country places they would fain rule by unblushing wire-pulling. ; William Henry Groom talked of as the Stagnant nominee for the Speakership* What next? Why can't they settle that Chairmanship) of^Ammittees at £500a year, " take it or leave ifc? " -: «? . James Campbell, who is opposing/'Ejafr IVrlcuM for Aubigny, has been holding secret meetings, and ais oeen roundly charged with fomenting religious differerfcfeg'in order to spoil Perkins's chances. Ga&jpb;^fis ^ Groom's nominee. Politics up there are pi&iiiculai;^ylh^iM r H. M. Nelson, of Loudon, who is at present in Europe; is to be nominated'for the Northern Downs. His clilbcn,i ercn in his absence, are considered to be rosy. Hfe #ill be back in Queensland about the middle of October. J. S. Jessop has found it necessary to advertise, contra* dieting " certain rumours circulated by unscrupulous electioneering agents." These were chiefly to the effect. that he was a dummy nominee keeping the seat warin for somebody else, that he was about to remove to Bris-' bane and would be an absentee representative. Jessop denies a statement that he had " bought the Brisbane market buildings/' and says he intends to prove that his . requisitionlsts " are not all adjective fools." Matthew Mellor, who is running with Bailey for Wide Bay, is in favor of guarantee railways, but thinks the. bare idea of a line to the Gulf is premature. Who is William Smyth, Esquire, the coming man for Gympie ? When did he import the " y" into his name and drop the less aristocratic " if" There are those who remember Bill, before and after the lucky navvy dropped on to the gold- mining so richly. Nobody then ever called him anything but plain Smith, or the more vulgar Bill. John Scott is out again, of course, for the Leichhardt. He proposes that the constituency should be divided into two electorates. C. B. Dutton graduated politically in the Toowong Debating Society, and offers the electors of the Leich hardt Some very original views. Of course, he is. a iery* frothiy anti-Transcontinentalite, but his pfet dream is Oh the land question. He says he would place our land^aws outsidethedomainof politics altogether., By and ii^e, perhaps, he'll evolve some wonderful scheme "by which Stated-schools shall be placed outside ed ucation, revenue outside of finance, and parliamentary representatives out side of legislation. Such impossibilities; would be not a whit more nonsensical than his yronderful new patent. Thady O'Kaae has just about succeeded in making a very apparent fissure in the Stagnant camp at Charters Towers, and hi* paper is peppery reading. It is delight ful to notice how he" scalps his enemies, and praises him* self. Of Rosfe Robinson; the principal Butledge agitator, Thady writes " Boss Bobinaon, who is one of the weak joints in Mills's tail, is a traitor to the working miners, with whom he "pretends to claim fellowship. He is the 'buttoner* of the monopolists and the capitalists, and is conspiring with them to pa.ye the way to reduce the wages on this field." Then when B. B. "holds forth" at a meeting, he is pictured in Thady's paper thus: "The speaker thteA launched out into a kind' of husky soliloquy (for little «r no attention was paid to him) in which he very nearly smothered Mr. JRutledge in the flowers of adulatory eloquence ; therewere, however, a few gentlemen in the audience who failed , to be impressed With Mr.Robinson's ideas on the subject and who had the exceedingly bad taste to proffer a large amount of gratuitous advice to him which he did hot seem to thoroughly appreciate either." Donald WaUace can't be up at the Normariby in time for the nomination. The reason why Queensland wants a Thady O'Kane in Parliament is that we are desirous of educating our Members, up to the gentlemanly level of Brisbane Aldermen. William Allan has been bpnqueted At Warwick. He wiil not contest the Darling Downs any more. ?.: ; Warwick people growling because Darling Downs and Warwick elections take place on the same day.; I received a wire from Herberton to the effect that the friends of Macrossan held an enthusiastic meeting on Tuesday night in the Herberton Hall. A powerful com* mittee was formed, over 250 pledging themselves to assist to secure Macrossan's return. M'Leod was the chairman. Hubert held a mating on the following evening. Sam Moffatt, of Cumkillenbar station, is a candidate for Dalby.; I don't think there is anyone can shake Jessop in that constituency. ~ ' In fact, some quidnuncs only scoff at 1Mb here attempt of Sammy Moffatt. It makes my blood run cold and clammy To give a jar to this new Sammy. Moffatt tells the'electors of Dalby that he feels their " present member is not equal to the deserving of such an iiftelligent body," and therefore he, Moffat,fl offers himself as a candidate for their, acceptance/' This is quite too modest. *' Sam, liedown, or I'lltalk to you." Payne, a St. George publican, is said tobeyearning to contest the Balonne district. . . 