r JLAXKMT TKLEf. lt A I'll IC TraOM O ÜB OWH CORRESPONDENTS. | COBOîiATION OP THE CZAH. LOKDON, MAY 27. ALEXANDER III. was crowned Emperor and autocrat of all the Russiaa, at the ancient town of Moscow, to- day. The ceremony was a very brilliant one. The procession through tho city from Peteroffsky Palace to tho Church of Holy Assumption, within the walls of Kremlin, was immonse. One consist 1 of their Majesties the Ciar and Czarina (who were seated under a canopy of scarlet velvet, upheld by 32 Generals), the Asiatic Princes, chief civil and mili- tary officers, and delegates from all parts of the Empire. Tho Czar was dressed as a colonel of tho Imperial Guard, whilo tho Empress woro the national costume, . bedizened with diamonds. The elaborate oeromonlos woro performed by r'-o Metropolitans of Mosoow, Novgorod and Kleff. Arriving at tho ohuroh thoir Majesties were con- ducted to tho thrones, which woro of ivory and silver, and were placed in tho oontre of the cathedral, where they wore surrounded by Imperial and Foreign Princes, and spcoial ombassics from Foroign Courts. . The services then at once began, After the ceremony of coronation was over, anû prayers had boon said, those assembled within the cathedral shouted " Long live tho Czar." The cry was taken up by thousands of people out- side the oathedrrJ ; tho horaldB sounded their trumpets, guns wore fired, and tho bolls of Kremlin and tho diuretics of Moscow pealed forth their notes of joyous music Mass was again rosumod, and tho Czar proceded alono to tho altar, passing through tho Golden Gates of the Ioonostasini, which were olosed behind him, thus hiding him from view,, After partaking of the Holy Communion, the Metropolitan of Moscow anointod him, saying, " Bohold tho seal of the Holj Ghost ; may it koop theo ovor holy." . When the Czar mudo bis appearance ho was hulled with shouts of " Thou art vorily by tho Lord anointed." When tho sorvioo had concluded, thoir Majesties loft the cathedral ina gilded chariot drawn by 12 white horses, followed hy tho Royal family. They rcturnod to Potroffsky Palaoa amidst enthusiastic acclamations of orowds of peoplo who thronged the streets. ? <; Tho wholo spectacle was unparalleled for ito magniflconoo and diversity. > A grand State banquet wits given in tho evening. LONDON, MAY, 80. Tho Czar dravo through tho city without escort on thc night of illumination. : An Imperial manifesto has been issued, dedaring,tho Emporor's desire to live in penoo with foroign powers, and repudiating any intention of aggrnndlsomontby means of foreign conquests. ? ? '. _???? ? LONDON, MAY 28. Tho ex-Empress Eugenie had a r.nrrow esunpe from serious injury, yestorday, while ' out driving in' her - ourringo. Tho horses brammo frightened, and bolter}.. The ex ?Empress was greatly alarmed/ but escaped unhurt. " '_ " / ' |!" ''''":['' '? The oontlnuanoo of British, troops in Egypt, ' i causing muah discontent among tho Egyptians. .Tho - Khedive, and his Ministers'havo. been threatened with death, unless tho British troops aré withdrawn from the'country,''* ; """,'''"'"" ''.'"*' " Michael ? Fagan, who WOB sentenced to death for bolng actively conneoted with tho ' Pheonix Park murdors, underwent tho extreme penalty of the law to-day, at Dublin.' The proceedings passed off quietly,. thero being no demonstration outilde tho prison. * '..' ?'. \ ". LONDON, MAY29. A shipment of New Zealand frecen meat réalisai Td per.lb,' ?',.'? ', . H - V'.'jl . " Gonoral Riviera, who lost his life iii ii sortie during the war botween Frnnoo and Toiiquin, was captured by the enemy, and impaled, ' 11 ' LONDON, MAY 80. A groat domonstratlnn ÍB bo¡i)g: propnrod in Tip- perary County, In Iionout of Dr, Croko, Arohblsh.y of Cashel, for thu attitude which ho assumed in con- nection with tho National agitation in Ireland,* ' A statement appears in tho Standard this morning to the effect that Earl Derby, Secretary of S tu to for- tho Colonies, declines to ratify tho annexation of Now Guinea on behalf of tho Imperial authorities j but has expressed ' his willingness to ' permit ' the establishment of a few British stations on thoTo-res Straits const of tho Island. LONDON, MAY 31. Tho grentor proportion of those persons who were admitted as informers in tho recent murder trials in Ireland, have availed themBolves of otters made by the Government, to enable them to quit tho country. Their destination, however, hos not boen' mudo publia, ' Ttie Government have granted tho''following rewards for information afforded in connection with tho Pheonix Park murders ¡-Thomas Farroll, £10C0 ; and Michael Kavanagh, *2S0. 'ï.;..?.w . Tho Pope has appealed to Ireland for tho customary Peter's Ponce,' which contribution, it was rumoured, tho Irish intended to discontinue, in consequence pf tho aotion taken by His Holiness in attempting to suppress outrngos in Ireland. ' ' ' ' -; ? ? ' Serious political riots have occurred in St. Peters- burg, arising out of demonstrations mado in honour of tho Czar's coronation, and 100 of tho rlngleadeii havo boon arrested. .'?'' - ' : ' In tho Houso of Commons, this afternoon, Mr O'Kolly, mombor for Roscommon, used unparliamen- tary language to Mr V. E. Forster, lato Chiof Secre- tary for Ireland. Mr M'Coan, member for Wicklow, defended Mr Forster, and severely reproved O'Kolly for his rudeness. Upon this, tho: latter > formally ohallonged M'Conn to a personal' combat.' The Speaker's attention being drawn to what had occurred, O'Kolly was ordered to appear at tho bar of the House, on Friday, to answer for his conduct., ? Prince Bismarck has completely recovered from his roccne severo attaok of nournlgia. PAIUS, MAY 21. Ordors have bean given for tho immediate despatch of throe ironclads, with a considorablo ? body of mariuoa, from Toulon, to tho Anamose waters, in consequence of tho French sufforlng n reverse ST. PETERSBUIIG, MAY 29. Latest nows from Kostroff states that the inhabi tunts continuo atrocities against tho Jews, who 3 quarter of tho oltyhns been plundered, and partly burned. '-i NEW YORK, MAY 81. A shocking catastrophe, involving serious loss of lifo, took placo hero to- day. A largo number of per- sons woro gathered on the new suspension bridge, which joins New York with Brooklyn, when a cry. was raisod that tho struoturo was unsafe. A pan'o immediately took placo, followed ot onco by a general stampede for tho shore, in course of whfoh several persons lost thoir livos through being trampled under foot, while a largo number of others received serious injuries._;_ 