THE HOLY HICKS. Of all the several kinds of greatness in the world there axe probably none so trying either to the great man himself or his neighbours as what we may term the periodical. There is the greatness to the manner born, which, may generally be trusted to take care of itself ; and there is tho achieved greatness, which may fairly bo expected to know how tio woar worthily what it has worthily won ; and there is the compulsory greatness, which, . ~ perhaps, no one expects to be very great. : Then there is the occasional greatness and the accidental greatness, both of which if they have their special clangers have also their special safegurds, inasmuch 'as at least they are greatness unawares, and so for the full display of their ' brief authority' unprepared. But it is very different in the case of the periodical g'reatness, the stated magnificence, limited to time, place, and circumstance, to the one day in. the year, the one occasion, : and the one old, old worn out way. It is still worse, of course, when the ? ' way is such a very old, specially bad ? ..,?: way as that in which the great Grand Master of the Orangemen puts on his yearly greatness. Here one is inclined to think must meet every single circumstance that can make great man's lot hard, with out a solitary gleam of the recompense that sometimes rewards even great folly. As a rule, no doubt, there is no more popu- ; lar characterthan your popular comedian, as there is no better fellow m private life ? ;; than your good-natured fool. But there -. ?-. ?- is no reward of this kind for the ' comic ? gentleman' who once a year is trotted ,' out to make fun for the Philistines ??- on the platform of the Protestant Hall. Much indeed would be forgiven to an uniorrunare man aoomea once a year to mount the pillory and go through any number of buffooneries and ridiculous contortions for the amusement or disgust of the public. No one : might know him, or recognize in the periodical hero of the horse-collar the ;; humble citizen, on any other clay of the year as harmless as obscure. But he ' would know himself ; he would have known himself all along, and as a man bur dened with a horrid crime, or pursued by a fearful fate, he must often have shuddered at the terrible pros pect before him of that one day's, ??'..; transformation from the man to the mountebank, the respectable nobody to the contemptible stage hero, of all fair minded men at once the ridicule and the shame. In the same way, one is not ; ' surprised that the Orange Grand Master's one day's greatness should have been the great folly and scandal that it was. 'We have had, indeed, abundant experience of such days, and know that their inevitable tendency » ?- must be not to decrease in folly, but to - grow ; not to be less shameful, but more. With every year must grow harder the task of pumping up to the surface the bitter waters of hate, and perhaps it is rather a good sign than otherwise that this year it was a case of ' ail hands ? ??? to the pumps' and an extra round of fire water to keep them at it. Hitherto it has i been held sufficient to simply denounce all lioman Catholies as rogues in grain ; hopeless castaways whom it might be a charity to reform, provided that they were never trusted with the spoons. This year, by the grace of Mr. Henry Hicks, they are something very much worse, traitors and murderers to a man, worthy only of a short shrift (if any) and the nearest lamp-post'. Since the memorable discovery of the ' Kiaina Ghost' saved the country from imminent annexation by dead .Fenians, there has probably been no such narrow escape of the subversion of her Majesty's rule in these parts as this timely exposure by this fit 'saviour of the capitol ' of the traitorous and desperate designs of the Roman Catholics. For ; what other purpose has the money col lected under the disguise of schools and churches been poured out by willing hands like water, but for that Roman Catholic army which is drilling daily and nighty in the crypts of St. Mary's, and the vaults of St. John's ? Why did t.vo eminent Roman Catholics join the Ministry, and swear true service to the Crown, but as cunning thieves, to see if they could steal it? And why did Archbishop Vaughan suddenly bolt- :'- from the country like a runa way robber with his unholy gains, ,. but that he knew the 12th of July was , ,, at hand and that Hicks was coming? ,,;.: History may record its gratitude to that great man, but it is clear that wo cannot. Rather have we to be grateful that, in spite of him, our journalistic head is still on our shoulders, that wo have not yet boon charged at the Police Court with a treasonable correspondence with tho Pope, to 'dynamite' Government House or ' Phamix Park ' Pastor Alien. B.ut the worst happily is over, and for another twelve months, we may a,t least live with,-' out fear of a nocturnal police visit to search our premises for nitro- glycerine, or on the information of Mr. Hicks, a war rant for having been seen to suck an orange. Eor another year that terrible war-trumpet has been put away with tho apron and the scarf and tho other splen did insignia of Mr. liicks's high office. It is a noble instrument, and it would be a pity if it should get rusty. May we suggest that he should practise on it in the meantime a better tune, or _ better still, : give it to the nearest larrikin to help him to make night hideous ? 