NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Tomingly goldfield is daily growing in importance. Sir John O'Sbanaesy has just sold a station for £175,000. Total revenue of the Glebe abattoirs last year, £7204 193. 2d. Mr. James Watson, the late Treasurer, is a candidate for Grenfell. Typhoid fever is spreading with great rapidity at Gunncdab. A find of rich, copper ore is reported from Ravenswood, Queensland. Mr. M'Elhone was escorted into Gulgong with torches and horsemen. The R.M.S. Bulimba has arrived at Cooktown with 600 immigrants. A branch of the Blue Ribbon Society is to be established at Tamworth. It ie contemplated to form a Star-Bowkett Building Society at Narrabri. Mr. Fremlin wishes to introduce the polecat, stoat, and weasel to the colony. The sum of £9026 was shot for by the National Rifle Association last year. The foundation for the Mort statue is now being built in Macquarie-place, Sydney. More clergymen are required about Bathurst, but sufficient funds are not forthcoming. Brisbane Parliament Houses are to be illuminated with the electric light forthwith. The ArmidaU Express states that a little girl in that district died from, the bite ol a spider. Cheapening the cost of patents is a subject receiving the consideration of the Government. Two young girls have been arrested iu Sydney for uttering Hanover medals for sovereigns. Robert Johnson, 30 years a resident of the Glebe, Newcastle, and a great teetotaller, is dead. Toowoomba banquets the Governor of Queensland and Miss Kennedy on the 3rd April. The Bathurst Guild band headed the procession which escorted Mr. Redmond at Orange. Any person having a live rabbit in his possession will shortly be liable to pains and The Bishop of Bathurst has left to visit the Darling country—Brewarrina, Bourke, and Wilcannia. Wharfage and tonnage rates have been abolished at Eden, Albury, Hay, Moama, and Wentworth. Alfred J. Fletcher, of Wagga, late publican, has surrendered his estate. Liabilities, £263 ; assets, £45. The Hon. J. P. Abbott, Minister for Mines, was married last week to MiBs Solomon, of East Maitland. The quality of iron of late turned out at the Lithgow Ironworks is said to be equal to any iron in the world. O'Leary reckons that during his professional career he has walked about 46,000 miles in important matches. The Murrurundi paper says that the trains on the Northern line can't keep time because inferior coal is used. Splendid fruit and vegetables wore shown at the Glen Innesshow—the best, in fact, seen in New England for years. The Darling is flowing down a splendid stream from Walgett to Wentworth—1200 miles of navigable water. Archbishop Vaughan has been decorated with a massive gold cross and chain by tbe pupils of the Braidwood convent. W. Quish has been committed for trial for an unsuccessful attempt to burn down the house of Mr. Gray, near Bowenfels. The immigrant girls by the Rosslyn Castle were speedily engaged at Sydney at wages ranging from 10s. to 12s. per weel£ The Bcga Standard says there is no disguising the lact that pleuro is dangerously established in various parts of that district. Mr. Joseph Ross, of Camperdown, has been committed for trial to determine whether his glass manufactory aunoys the neighbors. The Bank of New South Wales has completed its C5th year of existence. Operations are about to be begun in Western Australia. The Commissioner for Railways is calling for tenders for the erection of new station buildings at Junee, Great Southern Railway. An experimental shipment of sandalwood to China has been made from the coast' in the neighborhood of Cooktown, where it abounds. The Wagga Wagga gaol now contains 30 inmates. The institution was only intended when built to accommodate but half that number. 180,000 wattle-plants are growing on the railway lines, planted at a cost of £999. They will bring in more yearly revenue than that by-and-by. The illegitimate children born in New South Wales during last year amounted to """ or one in every 20 of the births The diamond drills are all paying expenses, Mr. Abbott tells us. They are not imported to pay expenses, but chiefly to find water in the interior. The New Zealand Government has released the' Maori prophet, To White, and the chief Tohuj who were arrested at Parihaka more thanayear ego. The Queensland Government formally urges England to annex New Guinea. Surely Queensland has room enough for development out west Some of the latest immigrants described themselves as dressmakers, but, having more wisdom than their colonial sisters, took service as domestics. A woman widowed by the Woniora disaster, is applying (per a husband taken eight days subsequent to the wreck) for aid from the Woniora relief fund. Mr. Inspector Casey, who has been in charge of the Wagga district for the past few years, is about, at his own request, to be transferred to the Braidwood district. It is stated that Mr. W. C. Johnson, postmaster at Goulburn, has been suspended from office pending an enquiry into the aft airs connected with the post-office. The plans for the new Sydney Town Hall e slowly approaching perfection. Children of tbe next generation may make the same statement of the building. Smith, a Dungog cricketer, while playing a match at the Manning a week ago, was struck on the head with a cricket ball, and is been laid up ever 6ince. A man named Thomas Moore, aged 20, while running across George-street, Sydney, on Friday night, was knocked down by a cab and killed almost instantaneously. The celebrated Yokes family were in New York at latest dates. They contemplated a visit to Australia. If they decide to come, what a treat's in store for playgoers ! A tour of the Austral has been a favourite alternoon pastime of late. Big showmen's lips water as they estimate what tbe result might have been, even at " people's prices." Tutors of pastoral, exegetical, apologetic, and systematic theology were appointed by the Presbyterian Assembly at Sydney last week, but not one professor of good manners. The Allanshaw, with 396 immigrants, left Plymouth behind on January 13. Did she leave the diseases of Plymouth behind also, or take them on board with the old clothes ? Scarlet fever did not appear on the Roslyn Castle till five weeks after she had left port. The lesson is that had tbe immigrants' clothes been properly fumigated it would not have The picnic expenses of tbe Fisheries Commissioners are chargeable under the Fisheries vote against the item for experiments in the capture and perservation of fish for economic purposes. The Great Extended Gold-mining Company, capital £30,000 has been formed to work ground at Forest Reefs, near Orange. Threefourths of the shares were taken up in New South Wales. Redfern people object to the Prince Alfred Hospital sewer discharging itself into their open sewer. They are very particular about their sewer. Woolloomooloo people care less for their public baths. Mr. Darley, Q.C., on the Land Acts :" I ,-ould stigmatise all our Land Acts as a disgrace to the colony, and would like to see them burned by the hands of the common Mngman." At Orange a requisition is in course of signature to protest against Mr. Redmond's mission, and to express indignation at the supposed attempted attack upon Sir Henry Parkes at the late meeting in Sydney. The Juvenile Templars of Sydney have presented a petition against the 6ale ot liquors to children under 12. Children under 12 who attempt the purchase oi liquor should be forthwith subject to a little old-world discipline. A strong-minded mother of Kumara, New Zealand, horsewhipped a young man in the street, in consequence of some too intimate letters written by him to a married lady, said to be acting- stewardess on one of the Anchor line steamers. Mr. J. Morcombe reports having received the following telegram from the Nos. 3 and 4 North Clanmire Company Gympie:—"New reel discovered in sinking shaft 70ft. below bottom level. Sunk 1ft. in it, but not through yet. Reef shows gold." The Mayor of Sydney has granted the use of the Exhibition Bnilding, Prince Alfred Park, to the Engineering .Association of N.S.W., for the purpose of holding a conversazione, at which engineering models and other objects of interest will be exhibited. At the nomination for the Upper Hunter, Mr. Fitzgerald (apparently Mr. M'Elhone's nominee) read three letters from Mr. M'Elhone, in all of which that gentleman stated that he would not sit for the Upper Hunter if elected, and promised to support Mr. Fitzgerald. Intelligence from Fiji states that Mr. J. Murray, formerly of Auckland, tried to shoot his wife, the proprietress of the Royal Hotel, Levuka, from whom he had been judicially separated, and then threw himself into a creek to commit suicide. He now awaits trial. A number of members of the New South Wales Parliament have formed themselves into a cricket club, which will soon be in operation on the field. A bowling club has been started in connection with the cricket club. The new club already numbers about 50 members. The Newcastle Herald exclaims: "Is there not a wonderful analog? between II or 12 men attacking a cabin in the dead o! night and maiming the inhabitants and the fact of a gang of ruffians getting an inspector of police down on the ground and kicking him in the back. Curious anomaly. The Trades and Labor Council is adverse to the immigration vote ot £150,000. A deputation of the principal contracting firms have presented a numerouslysigned memorial to the Minister for Works praying that the vote be at once proceeded with. Messrs. Taylor and M'Elbone return to Parliament in possession of their old seats. Now (says the Echo) would it not be a just thing for them to pay the cost of tbe shameful farce they have played ? Why should wc be taxed to pay lor the peculiar pleasure of these peculiar politicians ? A woman named Gibson, the wife of a miner, was crossing the Northern railway line near Burwood on Saturday, when she was knocked down by a coal train, one leg being completely cutoff. She died soon afterwards. The woman was endeavoring to 6ave a child who was in tbe way of the train. Miss Andree Novaro and Signor Tramaglia lately had a benefit invitation concert in Nelson, N.Z, It was a dispiriting failure. The audience was composed of the mayor and mayoress, 12 ollicers of the Japanese war steamer Riujio, and three other persons. A ball was to have lollowed, but did not take place. The gross amount collected in the insolvent estates placed in Mr. Sempill's hands from 1876 to 1880 was £49,958. The aggregate amount paid, or alleged io have been paid, as dividends to creditors was £24,186. Aggregate amount retained as commission was £5194. Legal charges for the five years amounted to £18,265 7s. Sd. The Western Champion (Blackall) gives an account of an unfortunate shepherd named Henry Wedge, who received a legacy of £1600 a short time ago—about 12 months. He stayed, according to tbe evidence given after death, at the Duck Ponds Hotel, and during 10 weeks spent £129 4s. 6d. for drink, and, of course, died a miserable death. We understand that the joint refreshment committee of the Legislative Couucil and Legislative Assembly have agreed that a billiard-table shall be provided for the amusement of hon. members. It is also contemplated to extend the buildings at the rear of the Legislative Assembly Chamber, so as to afford better accommodation for the press. Chas. William Eafler, one of the crew of the German warship Hyane, then lying at Brisbane, jumped overboad on Saturday night while intoxicated, and was drowned. Two of the crew jumped after him apparently with tbe intention of rescuing him, but eventually swam ashore and deserted the ship. The Hyane is bound from New Britain to Auckland. Monsieur Poncherou, Mayor of Noumea, died at Sydney on tbe morning of Saturday, February 25, alter a somewhat lengthy illness, His remains were sent to Noumea by the steamer City of Melbourne, and on arrival were accorded a public funeral, which was attended by the Governor of Noumea, the principal officials and officers of the army and navy, and the leading residents. The supposed ghost on the cliffs near Shepherd's Hill, at Newcastle, attracts fully a thousand people nightly. A body of flame is in the form of a human shape, it appears on the face of the cliffs, and detaches itself and moves in a strange fashion ; but the way the phenomenon is accounted for is that it is the result of phosphoric or other gas escaping from the coal scams. A cricket match between Wagga and Tuuiut for the Mandelson Cup will be played tomorrow, at Tumut. The secretary of the Tumut club, Mr. Thome (states the Tumut Times), has announced that he will present a two-guinea trophv at the end of the season to the player accredited with the highest score in any single innings for the Mandelson Cup during this season. Mr. A. G. Taylor, Mudgee's pet, is now a total abstainer. At least he says so. At the declaration of the poll he remarked that when he returned to Parliament he would probably be called to account for having asserted that he had seen 35 membere under the influence ot drink. Let them all, he said, follow his example and take the pledge, and there would be no more such statements. A large number of men have been engaged recently at tbe South Gundagai Slate Quarry, but unfortunately skilled labor is very scara men who can split the slates are the most necessary, but it takes some time for men to become accustomed to'such work. Up to the present time £2000 have been spent at the works, and the directors are determined to thoroughly develope their property. The Monaro Mercury says Mr. Wilbraham Edwards, J.P., of Bobundarah, has had 100 ot bis sheep stolen since shearing, and offers £50 for private or public information leading to the conviction of the thieves. Sheep-steal- ^f ai e. n t. a t B°Uenbalong and other C l S ? 6 * 1 ? 1 ^ m A V ' ^ Beattie, of Annandale, and other owners have lost aiont 1200 sheep since the eve of last shearing. A^fP^g^tch for the championship of Australia and £1000 was on Saturday won by Laycock at Grafton. Perkins, McDonald, i^rgan, Trickett, and Bush also competed rnl Ki ! e n e s ° f h e a t e was reducedto a contest between Rush and Laycock, the latter winning the race by about four boats lengths. The distance was three and a half miles, and 6 t i m e o f the winner 18 minutes 40 seconds . Thus Mr. Stuart, Premier, re the Wolverene: Here was a ship that was asked for by ^ the late Government,-and-howevermuch he might have disapproved of the purchase of tbie vessel, of receiving her in the condition in which had received her, he could not recommend the country now to sell her, because selling her would be an insult to the Imperial Government, and to strike out this item would not get rid of her in any way." The annual publication of Mr. H.C. Russell's elaborate rain-table is doing a great deal towards making the squattere a rain-measuring people. In many respects these statistics of-water are very dry; but they contain information of vital importance to the agriculturist and the grazier, and will, we doubt not, come to be one of the important points in describing any land, for it makes all the difference in the world to have 20 inches of rain instead of 12. Captain James Brock, for the loss of the Gulf of Finland, was merely reprimanded by the Session Judge at Aden, upon which " Mentor" writes :—" I read a great many of the findings of the Courts in England and elsewhere, and I have come to the conclusion, without the shadow of a doubt, that, notwithstanding the constant strictures here upon the mildness of the sentences of the Marine Board of New South "Wales, they are quite as severe as those given in England ana elsewhere under the British flag." At a recent meeting of the Yass Plains Freeholders' and Free Selectors' Association (says the GouV)urn Herald), a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Heydon, member for Yass Plains, and to Mr. Gannon, member for Argyle, for the action taken by them in regard to the passing of a law to limit actions for trespass; and astonishment and regret were expressed that the measure should have been opposed by certain members who had been elected for their supposed willingness to advocate the selectors' interests. Mr. J. E. Redmond lectured on Saturday night at the Guild-hall, Bathurst, to an enthusiastic but orderly audience. The lecture was moderate, but a resident named Rohan made an intemperate address, expressing antipathy to the English and English rule. He was called to order by the chairman, and Mr. Bedmond also expressed dissent from such sentiments. He also deplored the recent disorderly meeting in Sydney ; but said he himself could not have been quiet when such calumnies and falsehoods were being uttered. It was resolved to form a branch league at Bathurst. The London Echo says the way in which the Order of St. Michael and St. George is often conferred upon men who have done nothing to deserve it, is causing a good deal of dissatisfaction in the Colonial Civil Service. " It cannot be doubted," says the Demerara Argosy, " that to many men in the service the C.M.G's—tossed about on the Queen's Birthday like gingerbread cakes at a fair—must be regarded with strong averson, as a title which carries with it no honorable distinction, and necessitates its recipients to be enrolled and classed with men whose claims to take equal rank with them will not bear investigation." At the Wagga quarter sessions last week John Kennedy and James Allen were charged with assaulting and robbing James Waldron in December last at Narandera. The evidence went to show that the prosecutor on 29th Decemberdrew £41 from the bank, after spending £10 of this money he was going towards the railway station, when the prisoners met him and asked him for a drink. He treated them, and shortly afterwards was followed by the two prisoners, one of whom caught him bv the throat whilst the other robbed him. Both prisoners were found guilty. Allen was sentenced to five years on the roads, Kennedy to three years in Darlinghurst. We learn that the Hon. Minister for Public Works has given instructions to the Engineerin- Chief for Railways to have the plans and sections for the line to connect the Great Southern with the Great Northern railway prepared as rapidly as possible, so that the work can be let in three sections. The first section will be from Homebush to the Hawkesbuiy River, the second from the Hawkesbury to a tunnel in the vicinity of Lake Macquarie, and the third from Lake Macquarie to Waratah. It is hoped by thus dividing the work, and causing each section to be proceeded with simultaneously, that the line may be completed in a little over two years. 