$nvtetd potesL — ^_ Hxstobt is at all times quite a fawcinatirtg study, and just at present, while France is being slightly disturbed by as attempt to revive the popularity of the Boyalists, it is very gratifying to know something of the Royal families o£ the land of gaity . Doubt less realising this, a local historian has recently explained that, after the downfall of tbe great Napoleon in 1815— ' Charles X, a Bourbon Prince, was restored by the Allies.' From a rhetorical point of view this is all that can be desired, but from * historic point of view it is brilliantly incorrect. As a matter of fact, the Count Artou ascended the tfarooe as Charles X. on the death of Louis XVHX, in the year 16*24. From this it will be seen that home, and not Charles, sneceeded Napoleon Bona parte. It is just as well when history is taught to teach it correctly. With reference to the condition of France, though the late attempt to revive the loyalty of the people to old families is gene rally regarded almost in the light of a joke, it most be remembered that the democratic ten dency of tiie nation baa been cultivated to the very highest pitch, and a reaction before long is not by any means improbable. Possibly the demonstration of Prince Jerome was a. little too precipitate, but the very fact that the Ministry are divided upon the question of dealing with the members of reigning families, shows that there mast be great care exhibited in dealing with Hie matter. ExraiJoa&YKiRT; though, the statement seems to some, it comes to u- from the Superintendent of the Immigration Depot, and therefore should be thoroughly reliable. Et is this : Hat the rate of wages offered to immigrants has risen considerably ednce tbe introduction of K»T»»fc* labour. There is hardly any necessity to remark much upon this, the fact is nnmistakeable, and should silence those tbick-and-thin opponents of coloured labour. Looking at the question of employing Coolies on the sugar plantations, it will be seen that so long m these men are employed in only «acb work as white men won't undertake, they must have the effect of increasing the demand for white Uboar. It must be remembered that. Bay for picking coffee, white men are unavailable; the work could not poseibfly be sufficiently remunera tive to pay tfcem, and yet leave the planter * fair profit. The same with sugar — it simply would not pay to employ white men among tbe cues, and we have too much respect for the Brutish workman to ever hope that he would rfork for the paltry wages, which can alone be offered for this class of employment. But let us rappose that cheap black labour is em ployed where white is unavailable, suppose that tfcas sugar sad coffee plantations prosper, tius must necessarily increase the demand (or machinery cad appliances, io the constrnctum of which white mechanics are employed. It is an onraiatakeable fact thatN^th the growth of tbe augur industry the iron trades have im proved, and undoubtedly the building trade would also increase. When Kanakas were first introdnced there was the usual cry oat against black labour, bat the effect of it has been to raise white men's wages. When Mr. Brookes defied any one to point him to& pros perous country where black labour was employed, he forgot India, sad possibly forgot this country where K*'*fc»« are in service. * Towards the conclusion of the wearisome case of trespass, tried at tbe District Court on Thursday, darkness interfered with tbe litigation, and it was found necessary to iUnminate the Court with two magnificent tallow candles. The clerk of the Court pro duced an antiquated lantern — quite a relic — and while the scene was thas brilliantly lighted up, Mr. Melbourne remaribad— 'I will aflfc your Honor to make an order for costs.'* It is very refreshing to observe the halo of benevolent satisfaction that spreads over the features of any legal Inminary, wiiea the matter of costs comes up. Mr. Melbourne had hardly settled himself to tbe coatempU tion of ' the meat in the eg?,' when Mr. Real propounded tbereally alarming saggestioo that Hie Honor had no power to comply with his learned friend's&pplie;&tioa.; Insapporiof this he showed that the plaintiff, not having re covered an amount equal to that which he would have gained under tbe Impounding Act, there was a special clause rendering him not only unentitled to costs upon his verdict, bat liable to be mulcted in the defen dants' caste. This was a serious state of affairs, and Mr. Melbourne wu naturally raffled at the contemplation of the threatening disaster. He rose equal to the occasion, and contended that he bad, in the verdict given, obtained damages for injury done to fences, which he could not obtain under the Impounding Act. Mr. Real listened to Mr. Melbourne on tbe fence, and seemed satisfied that his legal brother was impaled, ifia Honor seemed to consider Mr. Real'e objection a good one, though the clause under which he made it was rather bard, aad if Mr. Melbourne could and a way out of the difficulty he would have no objection. This the bitter readily proffered to do, and got on the fence again. After much eloquence had been expended on the great topic of costs, the matter was postponed. The law, it mast be seen, woald perish if the subject of cost* were allowed to run to seed. We may hazard a humble unprofessional opinion, that, if Mr. Real's objection holds good, there will be a kind of deterrent exhumed that will prevent many actions tot trespass. If * few more of these objections were dug np, the Pound would save oar taw courts tbe expense of UUowcudlec The comet tSut was visible not long *iaee will pQflsibly be fresh in the memory of our readers, most of whom no doubt Razed on the unusual visitor without ever inqntrine into what fcoch a phenomen portenda. Mr. Proctor the celebrated astronomer is of course aa authority on comets, and when this late comet began to putin an SBpearanoe, he Beared every* one by speculating upon tte effect on the earth of the aaid oomet being gathered into the coo. Now as each time the comet appeared — it being proved to be the same stale old comet of lS4£~it was getting nearer tbe boo or lessening its orbit. It wu expected to be seen 170 years after its first appearance in 1843 bnt it turned op again quite fresh and shining only 37 years afterwarda, *hat waa in ZS8Q. But then it came up to time again in 1SS2. This began to make things look serious. 7f the comet became absorbed by tbe euu Mr. Proctor calculated the beat of the ano would be so intensified that animal life would be unable to exist on this comfortable world of aura. In fact, it amounts to nothing less than that we should all be scorched alive, Mr. Proctor ia a ecieniut, and it ib quite an. irreverent Kcegtisasm to doubt bis prognoaticationa, and we recommend our friends to get in thebr accoontB. Sach woald be making for the safe side anyway, no matter what tamed op tramps. However, we ourselves have become quite callous in the matter of a cosmic catas trophe, we have been disappointed so often in the matter of the world being assimilated into tbe sun, and sent gyrating amidst freezing airs on the other aide of nowhere, that we smile at the awful thought of the ann being pot out, and the earth rolled np into nothing. We can look the idea ia the face very placidly, for the earth baa been close on its Uat roll for nearly nineteen hundreds years, and ia as frisky now as ever. BeaideB the prophets and scientists always hedge; they never wiH stick to thetropiaion and back it When it comes to the pinch they either &id.; thfty tfryJo % tnisfc&fcfi;, or dse they oevvr meant what the public thought they did. So ! We can aleep 'after all Mr. Proctor has said— perhaps this is owing to our easy conscience. At the criminal sittings of tbe District Court, in Eockhampton, a condition of de pravity in the Drnmmond Range neighbour hood was disclosed that ia by do meana gratifying. From this locality so Leas than two. oases of malicious wounding were brought op. In one instance — that of the man Paap —it is impossible any one could fail to observe an amount of depravity that, in a, supposed moral community, is disgusting. It would eeem that this unfortunate man is potsesaed of s- wife to whom he may attribute being branded as a criminal. This woman evidently was upon terms of improper intimacy with the complainant Jones, which had aroused the feelings of jealousy in her husband that led him to commit tbe offence, of wfricb ht was found g&flty;, and which might bare brought bitn^ to the gallows. Paap — a cripple— govded to desperation, — made tbe attack cpon Jones, who admitted ih« criminal intimacy existing between himself and the prisoner's wife. There was something tint appealed to the sympathy ot »U honest men in Paap's plea, to the jory— the man Jones bad openly endeavoured* to persuade his wife to leave him, had struck and mal traated him, aad be had no power to rid him* self of thift ruffian. This contains the pith of the whole occorence. Bis Honor, aa an administrator of the law, wm bound to look upon the offence with aererity. 'The law;** be observed, 'must protect life and limb,0 bat bow hard for tbe weaker man to keep within the law, while every feeling that renden the words home, children, brother, sister, the loving ties upon which happiness depends, w*s being -mtraged before hi$ eves. SOU more brutally heartless ia tne wife's con duct to willingly become the paramour of her onsband'e persecntor aad prosecutor while that hosbftttd- w«b in prison. The other cave from the Drummoad fiange did not present the same features, but exhibited aa amount of dastardly cowardice on the part of tbe accused, that is more aggravated when it is remembered that he and his victim are feUow couutrymen--~Swedes. We think there is room for missionary work about Drtuomond Hange. The cooditions of dauv life are not what they should be. Tke Brisbane Hospital has lately attracted considerable attention, and the Committee of Management hare decided to put the institu tion on a proper footing. Being mostly men. seemingly, with exalted ideas of their own wisdom, the metropolitan faculty have hit upon the idea that if the visiting staff of surgeons be placed in authority over the resident surgeon, matters will go along smoothly. This system was tried in tbe Mel bourne Hospital, and increased the death-rate there beyond tbe expectations of even the most sanguine undertaker. Now the Brisbane hospital is about two miles out of the town, and we will suppose that a serious case of accident arrives. The resident surgeon either soothes the patient down, scrape a little of the mud off him if he has been run over, or else let him lie, and messengers are sent off to rally the honorary medical staff. While these gentle men, who, it may be, are attending their private practice, are being collected from all points of the compass, the patient suffers untold agony, or possibly gives up the ghost altogether. If, say, a typhoid case comes in— well, it is necessary that the physi cian should see the patient at least three times during the first twenty-four hours. This being the case, it is pleasant to think of an honorary physician driving two miles out and back trom his private residence, during a day. Our local hospital is in such a first class and satisfactory condition, that we can quite afford to grow funny over the Brisbane one, and offer a little fatherly advice. From a selfish point of view, the Press might be prompted to advocate the system of placing resident hospital surgeons under the control of the honorary physicians, because there would be so much squabbling in the hospitals, and so many fatal termina tions to accident cases. This, it will be seen, would furnish many sensational paragraphs, bat it is oar nrUe to rise abore parsons! «ni«ida*twDB. Tims ewo tin prw psetsof (fcsssmoos qsarreUine with *adi after daily, Md frightfully jotensting deaths occurring frequently, do not cause as to adraate placing tbe resident medial «t«ff under the riaibng smgeoos. Tbe Brisbane hospital committee adnse a trial of the prac tice, and no doubt before long interesting xesaltB may come under notice. The utterances of Dr. Beowick, a recant member of the New South Wales Goreroment, at » meeting of the electors of East Sydney pnrious to the nomination day, are among the most remarkable on record. This is what the gentleman said:— 'But all questions paled into inaffinificaace before tbe great question of the administration of the lands of the country. When he last addressed tbe electors he tola them how complex a question it was, end ex plained his views upon this important matter, and which met with their approbation ; and he explained also that, as a member of tie Government, submittine to hit other colleagues in regard to this matter, he had yielded ao far as to allow of the introduction of the Con oolidated Land Bin brought forward by Sir John Bobertson. Well, he must confess that in taking that coarse it iras with egteeine com punction that he did SO. He must confess that vere it not that he and otiier members of tbe Government expected that alterations and amendments waold be made in Committee by Parliament, he did not believe the Bfll in its then shape would have been introduced by the Government. He was nosr speaking as an iadependeot member, criticising his own con duct as a member of tbe late Government, and be faardry knew how to «*rplain his exact posi tion in regard to tin matter.' We mutate to e»y that this statement of Dr. Benwiek'a, if true, exposes anamoont of political corruption in the late Parka' Ministry that is perfectly astounding. It amouijfa to tins ishat members of tbe Government deliberately committed thuBMlsw to a. bOl dealing witfc lite down lands of the colony, the iniquity oT which, they realised; (fast they bad the impudence to submit to f^rlisment » measure upon, which they themselres disagreed. It may be candid of Dr. Eeowick to tbus expose himself ; it may be permissible according to some code of political moral* to reveal the secrete of the Cabinet; but whatever may hare been the errors, the fanlts, the crimes — if you will— of the Pa^es-cam- Robertaon Adiouustratum, we would rather believe that Sir John did not faring a Laud Bill forward on which the Cabinet disagreed, than accept Dr, Renwick's statement. Sir John Bobertson'e name will ever be remembered in the histoty of New Sooth Wales, as that of an honest, Want, determined politician, *nd it is incredible that he would endeavour to pass through Parlia ment with tbe assistance of bit colleagues a measure in the integrity of which they did not believe. 