TALES AMD SKETCHES. . OOHAL GRANT.' BY GEORGE MACDOXALD. Author ov Alb: Forbes, Malcolu, Ac., Ac. CllAtTKB XI.IV. Arctura eontiuued slowly to recover. It was come weeks after tho accident, aud she had nut yet left hor room, hut she had been getting open tho sofa for a good many days, and the doctor was more sanguine about hor final re covery ; and now there was a talk of her going into the library. Doual had seen her many times, hut the earl had never suspected, with a woman of sense like Mrs. Brookes, who had teen so long in the family and had hitherto managed to keep him even out of her room, there was the smallest danger of such a thing ; to we know, the cose was more peculiar than the earl was capablu of understanding. But the momont he hoard the library spoken of he saw that ho must delay no longer. Besides he had by this time cuutrived a very neat little , phtn. He Bent for Donal. He had been thinking he. said, that he wonld want a holiday this summer ; ho had not Been his parents since he camo to the eastle. Ho had himself been thinking it very desirable that Davie should so a little of the true world — something of Mother kind of life from that to which alone M yet ho had been accustomed. There was a Beat danger of hoys brought up In his posi tion gotting narrow, and careless of the thoughts and feelings of their fellow men. He would tako It bb a great kindness if Donal, Who had always seemed to have a regard to the rrai education of his pupil, would tako him With him when ho went, and let him sco and understand the ways of life among the humbler classes of the nation— so that, If over hs oomo to sit in Parliament, which he hoped SU no' "stird, hi tho cose of a boy llko Davie, in looking forward to tho possibility of, he might know, the very heart of the people for hom ho, would have to legislate. ' Donal listened, arid agreed as far as he could with the remarks of his lordship. In himself ho had not the least faith now — wondered what sort of a fool tho earl thought him to imagine that after all that had passed between them he should yet place any confidence in What he said ; but ho listened. What the earl really had in bin mind lie could not even nur- mise ; but to take Davie with him to his father and mother was a delightful ides. For the boy had been growing faBt under his teaching, and had shown a faculty, quite rare in one so young, for looking to the heart of things, and scoing the relation of man to man. But this had indoed como to him through a willing per ception of those eternal truths" in a still higher relation of person?, which arc open only to the childlike nature, whether in hoy or man, girl or woman. It was easy now for his father and mother to take tho boy as well as himself into the house as guests, their worldly con- dltion having been and continuing to be so much bettered by the kindness of their friend, air Gibbie — after the homeliest fashion, how- ever, still, and so much the more to lie desired for Davie. Ho would see genuine live simplicity, dignity and unselfishness— tho real embodiment of tho things he had without much talking held constantly before him. Xnerc might be somo other reason behind the eari'B request, lie reflected, which it would be well for him to know, but he would Booocr discover that by a free consent than by haii". ipg back ; and anything bad it could hardfy be. He shrank from leaving Lady Arctura while she was still so far from well, bnt she was getting better much faster now, and for a fortnight there had beeu uo necessity for his presence to soothe her while she slept. Neither did she yet know, so far at least as Donal or Mrs. Brooks were aware, that he had ever been near her iu the night. It was, as things stood botween him and Lord Forgne, well' on that ground also, lie thought, that he should be away for a while; it wonld give a clioncc in that foolish soul of tilings settling themselves down, and common sense assuming the reins where no yot better coachmau was at all likely for some time to mount the box. He liad of course heard nothing of the strained relations between him and l-udy Arctura, or he might have Ipien a little more anxious — from the persecutions to which she might be subjected by a young man who had hitherto shown him self so devoid of consideration as to what ought and ought not to he. For the carl, wonld not Davie be a kind of pledge ?— but of what ? Iu a vague way betook him as a sort of hostage — in respect of what It would have been hard for him to Bpccify ; and he lltllu knew what sneh a man would sacrifice to gain a cherished end. Even Davie, much, for him, as he loved liiui, ho would not have allowed to Etand between Forgne and the property. AVhon Davie heard the proposal, lie wcut wild with joy. Actually to see the mountains, and tile sheep, and the collies, of which Donal had told him euch wonderful things ! To be out all night perhaps with Donal aud the dogs and tho stars and tho winds ! Perhaps it would comc_ on a storm, and he wunld lie in Donal's plaid under some great rock, and hear tho wind roaring around them, hut not able to get at thorn. And the sheep would come and huddle close up to them, and keep them so warm with their woolly "sides, and ho would stroke their heads and lore them. Davie was no longer a mere child, far from it ; but what is loveliest in the child's heart, was yet strong in him. "If ho do but continuo faithful," thought Doual, "it will grow stronger and stronger." So the prospect of going with Donal was to him a tiling to be dreamed about day and night till it came. : Nor were tho days many before it was definite!)- settled that they wore to go. The earl would have Mr. Grant, he said, treat his pupil prec'aely as one of his own standing : lie might ,101:0 him on foot if he was inclined. ' Tho proposal was eagerly accepted -by both. They packed their wallets, got their boxes ready for the carrier, and one lovely morning late in spring, just as summer was showing her womanly face through the smiles and tears of spring, tliey set out togethe-. It was with no small dismay that Arctura heard of the proposal. She said nothing, how ever, awl it was only when Donal came to take Ills leave of her that she broke down a little. She spoke with great composure at first, nnd but for her face Donal would not have kiiown she was iu the least unoasv. She spoke to tlie look. " Wo shall often wish, Davie aud I, that you were with lis," he said. " Why !" was all she could trust herself to rejoin. "Because wo shall often feel . vory happy, and then we shall wish you had tiic same hap piness," he answered. Thereat sho burst iuto tears, and then was able to speak. " Don't think , mo very silly," alic said. " I know God is with me, and as soon.as yon are gone I will go to him to'coinfort me. But 1 cannot help feeling as if I were being left like a lamb among wolvos, I could not give any reason for it : I only feel as if some danger were close upon mo. Dear Mrs. Brooks, I know I have you with mo, and I would trust you with anything.— Indeed, -if I hadn't you," she added, laughing through tier tears, " I should be ready to run away with Mr. Grant and Davie 1" " If I had known you felt like that," said Donal, " I would not have gone. Ami yet I do not see how I could have avoided it, being Davie's tutor, aud bound to do as his father wishes with regard to him. Still, if I had known, I might have refused to take a holiday yet. Only, dear I. ady Arctura, thero is no cbauce iu this, or in anything. I need not say I will not forgot you. And in throe weeks or a mouth we shall be back," " That is a long time "' said Arctura, ready to weep again. Is it necessary to say she was' not a weak woman ? No ; for those for whom tho state ment might othorwiso be necessary are just o,Mn Twlio will not hellavc'it. Thev do' nut understand that it is not betrayal of feeling hut avoidance of duty that constitutes weak ness. After a brief illness a strong man may ho weak as water in their sense. There is not much in what tho common peoplo of society think about strength or weakness ; it is poor stuff, like the rest of their wisdom— and will one day prove suoh to themselves, thank God! —which to thorn will sound like an impreca tion. For they will never really thank him themselves until they are spoiled aud peolcd of all that is false, and learn thero is hut one thing worth their care, and hut one person their homage. Arctura speedily recovered her composure, and with tho gentlest smile bade Donal good- bye. Sho was in her little room next the state j olmmber where she now slept ; tho sun was shining in at tho window, which wok open, letting tho song of a little bird through, clear and sweet. i " You hear lnin," said Donal, " how he trusts in God without knowing it ! We are made able to trust Hira knowing in whom we have believed. Ah, dear Lady Arctura, no heart even yet can toll what things God has in store for them who will just let Him have His way with them. Good-l>\ e. Write to me if any thing comes to you that yon think I can help yon in. And ho snro f' will make Imste to you the momout you let me know you want me." " Thank von, Mr. Grant ; I know yon mean every word you say. If I need yon, I will not hesitate to send for you— only if yon come, it will he as my friend, and not " " It will be as your servant, and not as Lord Morven's," supplied Dona). " I quite under stand. Good-bye. The father of Jesus Christ, who was so snre of Him, will take care of you; do not be afraid." Ho turned nnd went ; ho .conld no longer bear the look of lier eyes. Out of her sight ho had his turn of so called weakness. Tho day was a glorious one, and Davio, full of spirits, could not understand why Donal seemed so unlike himself. " Poor Arkio would scold yon, Air. Grant 1" ho said. Ho avoided the town, and walked a good distance round to got into the road beyond it, his head bout as if ho wero pondering a pain. At moments lie felt as il he must return at once, and refuse to leave the castle fur any reason. But he could not Bee that it was the will of God he should do so. A presentiment is not a command. A prophecy may fail of the least indication of duty, llamlet defying augury is the religious man Shahspuare takes pains to show him. The presentiment may bo true, may he from God himself, yot involve no reason why a man should change his way, turn a step aside from the path before him. St. Fau! received warning a'ter warning on his way to Jerusalem, that bonds and imprison ment awaited him, and these warnings came from the spirit of prophecy, bnt ho would not heed them. Ho knew better than imagine duly to ho determined by consequences ; or thai foresight is direction ; there is a better gnidc, and he followed that. ?o did Donal now. Moved to go back, he did not go bitck — nor afterwards did he repent it. I am not going to describe the journey. Suffice it to say that after a lew days of easy wnlkiitg they climbed the last hill, crossed the threshold of Robert Grant's cottage, and were both clasped in the embrace of Jauet. For Davie almost rushed into the arms of Donal's mother, nnd sho tool: him to the same heart to which she had taken wee Sir Gibbie ; her bosom wns indeed a loveliest refuge. Then followed delights which more'' than equalled tho expectations of Davie. One of them was finding that, among the best peoplo of the place where he was best known, Donal was thought as much of as Davie himself could have desired. He could not himself lovo Donal more than lie did, ho thought, hut lie reaped endless satis faction in seeing how he was loved by others. Another was an altogether new sense of free dom ; he had never had an imagination of auch liberty as ho now enjoyed. It was as if God wero giving it to him fresh out of his sky, his mountains, his winds. But he delighted most in the twilight oh tho hill side, with tiie sheep growing dusky around him ; for then Donal would talk about the shepherd of tho human sheep ; and Donal talked about Him in such a different way from tho clergyman. Hearing Donal, Davie felt not only t'uit there was onco, hut that thero is now that man— a man altogether lovely— the heart of all beauty every where — a man who gave himself up that wo might know his grand perfect Father as he did, for all his delight was in his father and his father's children. Donal showed Davie how tho heart of Jesus wa«, all through, the heart of a son, tho son of tho one perfect father ; and how, if he he hadn't had this per fect sou to help Him, God could not have made any of us, His little sons and daughters, loving Him with all our might, bnt alwayB far behind the sou, who has known him for ever and ever. Davie's heart would glow, and lie would feel ready to do everything that sou might want him to do ; and Donal hoped, and had good ground for hoping, that, when the hour of trial camo, he would be able to hold, not merely by the unseen,' bnt bv the seem- iugly unpresent and unfelt, in the name of the eternally true. And now Donal's youth" began to seem far behind bim. All bitterness was gone out of his memories of Lady Gallraith. He yet Joved her tenderly, but was pleased she should be Gibbie's. How much of this happy change wns owing to his interest in Lady Arctnra en abling his mind to recover its own healthy tono he did not inquire : much as he was interested in Arctura— more in somo very important ways tban he ever had been in Lady Galbraith, he was too jealous of tlis own heart, shrank too much from the danger of any folly, knew now so well how small an amount of yielding might serve to unfit him for a time at least for the performance of tho duties of life with anything like full manly freshness— amongst which duties would come first due regard to the needs of the very person over whom he must keep watch and ward lest he should liim-elf failher — that ho had often turned his thoughts iuto another channel than that in which they wanted to run lest tliey should deepen it too swiftly, and should all at once find they could not of themselves loavc it agnir. To Lady Galbraith he confided his uneasiness aliout Lady Arotnra— not that he could explaiu he conld only confess himself infected witli her uneasiness, and tho rather that lie knew even hotter than sho the nature of the relatives with whom sho might have to cope. lie told her that if Mrs. Brooks had not noon micro, no j oould not have dared to como away, and leave her with such a dread upon her. Sir Gibbie listened almost open-mouthed to his tale of tho discovery of tho lo3t chapel lidd ing tho dust of tho dead, and perhaps sometimes their wandering. ghosts. They assured him that if he would only bring Lady Arctura to them they would tako care of her; had she not better give up tho weary property, they said, and como and live with them, and be as free as the lark ? But Donal said that, if God had given her a property and no other calling, ho certainly would not have hor forsako licr post, but wait for hira to relievo her. Sho must administer her own kingdom ere sho could have an abundant entrance into his ! Only he wished he were near to help her, for now she would he less strong than before ; and bey allowed he was right. Chapter XLV. He bail been at home about ten days, daring which not a word had eome to Davie or him self from the castle, and he was beginning to grow, not anxious, but hungry for news of Lady Arctura, when from -a Bound sleep lie startled suddenly awake one midnight, to find his mother by his bedside ; she bad ronsed him with difficulty. "Laddie," slic said, "I'm thinkin' ye're wantit." " Whaur am I wantit, mother 5" he asked, rubbing his eyes, bnt with anxioty already throbbing at his heart. " At the castle," she replied. " Hoo ken ye that ?" he asked. " Maybe yo wadna care to ken ; an' T wad hae ill tellin' ye," sho answered. "Yo may ca' 't by what name ye like, but gion I was yon, Donal, I wad bo aff afore the day brak, to ken what they're duin' wi' that puir ieddy at tho mucklo place yo ha' loft. My hert's that sair nboot he'r I ennna 'rest anithcr momont till I hae ye awa' upb the ro'd til her!" By this time Donal was out of bed, and hurrying on his clothes. He had tho pro- foundost faith in .whatever, his mother said. Was this a second sight she had had ? He had never been told that she possessed the gift ? She might have had a dream, or some impression so deep that sho conld not but yield to it 1 One tiling only- was plain — there was no time to be lost in' asking questions. It' was enough to him that his mother said "Go," and that it was for the sake oi Lady Arotnra that she wanted him to go ! How quickest could ho go? There were horses at Sir Gibbie's ; it wonld save much time if ho took one. Putting a crust of bread in his pocket, he set out rnnuing. There was a little moon light, enough for one who knew every foot of tho way, and iu half au hour of swift descent he was at the stable door of Glasliruach. By thiB time ho knew all the ways of the place, and finding himself unable to rouse any one, speedily pained an entrance, and opened the door; found Sir Gibbie's favorite marc, and without a moment's hesitation saddled, bridled, led ber out, aud mounted her. Ills mother had undertaken to go down as soon as it was light, and let them know if he should have found it necessary to rob the stable. \- And now that he was safe in the saddle, with four legs under hira, and time to think, lie began to turn over in his mind what he must do. But ho soon saw that ho could plan no thing uutil he knew what was tho matter, of which he had dreadful forebodings. Was it not possible that a man in the mental and moral condition of the Earl would risk any- thing and everything, unrestrained by law or conscience, to secure the property for his son, and through him for tho family? Donal found at least that having once yielded to the sug gestion of tho possibility, there was no more anywhere for him to stop. Tho Earl might — might poison her, smother lier, kill her any how ; aud then rushed into his mind what tho housekeeper had told him about bis cruelty to Ilia wife ; a man like that, who was no longer capable of /«/'«/, however well he might An- win the difference between right and wrong, who hardly did know the difference between dream ing that he did a tiling, and actually doing that thing, could scarcely be considered a safer member of a family than any devil in or out of hell ! Ho would have blamed himself bitterly for having gone away, had ho not been so snre that lie was not following his own will in the matter; if thero wero a belter way tliau he had taken, lie did not think that way had been intended for him to go in, else it would have been shown him. But now lie would be restrained . by no considerations of delicacy towards the Earl or anyone : what ever his hand found to do lie would do, regardless of how it might look. If he could not readily get a word with Lady Arctura, ho would at once seok the help of the law, tell what he knew, and get a warrant of senrcli. He dared not think what ho dreaded, but he felt he conld be sure of nothing without seeing her with his own eyes, and hearing from her own month that all was well — only that should not he, else why should his mother have sent liim to her ? Doubtless the way to help her would be un folded to him lis he went on. And if every thing should seem to go against him, he would yet say, with Sir Philip Sidney, that, " since a man is bound no farther to himself than to do wisely, chance :b only to trouble them that stand upon chance." If his plans or attempts, whatever they might he, should all in them selves fail one after the other, yet, ho said to himself, " there's a divinity that shapes our ends, 'rough hew them how we will." And bo he rode on, taking good care of his horse, lest much haste should mako the less speed. Bnt the animal was strong and in good condition, and by the time he bad seen the snn rise, climb the heavens, and go balf-way down their western slope, and bad stopped three times to refresh her, iio found himself, after much climbing and descent, on a good level road that promised by nightfall to bring hiui to the place of his desire. Bnttlie poor beast was now gotting tired, and no wonder, for he had had a hard day's work. Doual dismounted every now nnd then to relievo tier, that lie might go .the faster when lie mounted again, comforting himself that, in the true path, the delays arc as impor tant as the speed ; fur the hour is the point, not tlie swiftness : an hour too soon may be more disa-trous than an hour too late. - Ho would arrive. at tho right time for him whoso ways are not as our ways, becanso they aro so mneli hotter. Tho snn went down and the stars cauie out, and the long twilight began. But before he had got a mile further iie be came suddenly aware thnt the sky had clouded hand. The day had been sultry, and relief had arrived : lightning flamed out, and darkness full of thuuuer followed. Aftnr a few Hashes it became evident that the stonn wns drawing nearer. His horse, though young and high- spirited, was too weary tobo greatly frightened; tho rain refreshed her, and they raado a littlo more speed. But it was dark night amidst the now grumbling now raging storm, before tliey oame where, had it been light, Donal wonld have looked to see the costlo. When he reached the town, he rode into the yard of tlie Morven Arms, nnd having there found a sleepy ostler, gave up his horse— lie would he better without her at the castle, —and was just setting out to walk to the costlo when the landlord appeared— who happily had by this time learned to pay proper respect to the tutor at the eastle. "We didna lnilc to seo you, sir, at this time," he 3aid. ( "Why not returned Donal, scenting information. " Wo thocht ye was awa' for the sfmmer, seein ye tuik the yoong gentleman wi' ye, an' the yerl himsel' followt I" " Whore is he gone ?" asked Donal. " Oh, dinna ye ken, sir ? Hae na ye h'ard?" " Not a word." "That's varra strange, sir! There's a clearance at the castel. First gaed my Lord Forgne, an' syne my lord hirasel' an my lady, his niece, an' i-yne gaed the hoosckeeper, Mis tress Brookes, for lier mithcr was deciu,' they said. I'm thinkin' there maun be a weddin' to tho fore. Xhore was some word o' fittiu' up the anld hoose i' tlie toon here, 'cause Lord Forgoo didna care aboot bein' at the castel ony lunger. Il's strange ye liaena h'ard, sir," nc went on, for Donal stood absorbed iu awful hearing. " Surely some letter maun hae mis carried 1 ' He felt 03 if the sure and firm set earth were giving way under his feet. "I will run up to the castle, and hear all about it from somo of the people," he said, "Look after my horse, will yon?" " But I'm tellin' ye, sir, ye'U fin' naehody there, ' said the man. " They're a' gano. To the best o' my knowledge, there's uo a sowl aboot the place— 'cep it may be deif Jean Lobban, wlia wadna hear the angel wi' the last trump.— Mair by token, she's that feart for robbers that she gangs till her bed tho minute it begins to grow dark, and sticks her heiduneith the bed clued— no that that mak's her ony deifer !" "Then you think there is no' use in going up he said. " Not the smallest," answered the inn keeper. "Get me somo Bnpper then. I will take a look at my horse, and bo in by and by," He went and saw that the horse was being ministered to, and then set off for the castle as fast as his legs would carry hitn. There was foul play somewhere beyond a doubt— where or of what sort he could" nor tell ; but first he must make sure that tlie man's report was correct. If it waa, he would go straight to tho police. Tlie factor had left with his sister for a holiday before ho did. He mounted tlie hill, and drew near the castle. A terrible gloom fell upon bim ; thero waa not a light in the snllcn pile 1 It was gloomy even to terror 1 no went to the main entrance, and rang the great bell as loud as he could ring it, but there was no answer to the summons, which echoed and yelled horribly, as if the house wero actually empty. He rang again, and agiin came the horrible yelling echo, but no more answer than if it had been a mausoleum. Although lie had beeu told enough to know what to expect, his heart sank within him. Once more lie rang ami waited ; but there was neither sound nor hearing. Should lie go away ? The place grew so ter rible to liiui as he stood there that, had lie found tho door was wide open, lie would al most have hesitated to enter. But something urged him from within ; his mother had sent him here— surely she was only the agent of another !— and here was his first chance of learning whiihcr they had gone— there might be a letter or some message for liim — auyltow, he knew that he had to go into that hntue, and at least learn whether it was indeed empty."1 There was false play ! he kept repeating to himself— but what was it ? And where was it to be mot and defeated. ? As to getting iuto tlie house, there was no difficulty, aud he made no delay ; lie had in his po:ket the key to his own stair, wliieh he generally carried ; and if he had not had it, lie would yet soon, have got in, for lie knew all the ins and outs of the place better than any one else about it. As it was, however, he had to climb over two walls before lie got to the door of the north tower. Happily lie had left it locked when he went away, else probably they would have secured it otherwise. He went softly, and with a strange feeling of dread, up the stair to his room. He must settle iu his mind what he was to do first, or rather what he was to do at all. He would not go roaming about tile house at the risk of coming unexpectedly upon the deaf old woman, and terrifying lier out of her senses ; that wonld not be tlie way to get any information out of her. If there were no false play, lie wont on thinking as he walked wearily up tlie stair, surely at least Mrs. Brookes would have written to let him know they were going. If only he could Icaru where the was. He grew more and more weary as lie ascended, and when he reached the top he staggered into his own room, nnd fell on the bed in the dark. But he could not rest ; the air of tho place was stilling. The storm had ceased fur a while, but the atmosphere was yet full of tKuudcr, and terribly oppressive. He got up ready to faint, and opened the window. . Aliitfle breath of air came ill, aud revived him ; then came a little wind, - and in it the moan of what they used to call Hie ghost music. It woke many reminiscences. There again was..' the lightning. The thunder broke with a great roar that bellowed among the roofs and chim neys. The storm was to his mind ; it would do him good. He went out oil the roof, and mechanically took his way towards the stack of chimneys in which was the .'Eolian harp. At the base lie sat down, and stare 1 into tlie darkness. Tho lightning came, and he saw the sea lie watching like a perfect peace to take up drift souls, and the land bordering it like a waste of dread. Then came the thunder so loud that it not only deafened but seemed to blind him, so that his brain turned into a' lump of cloy — and then a lull. And in the lull seemed to 'come a voice, calling, calling, from a great uiscance. vv as u possiuio j ivasuetue fool of weariness and excitement, or did lie ac tually bear his own name ? What could it be but tlio voice of Lady Arctura, calling to bim from the spirit world ? They had killed her, but sho had not forgotten liim ! Sho was call ing to remind him that tliey would meet by and by in the land of liberty. His heart swelled in his bosom. Camo another roar of thunder, and when that ceased thero was the voice again : " Mr. Grant ! Mr. Grant como ; come !" and ho thought he heard also, but could not ho sure, " Yoti pro mised !" Alas; tho voice was from very far away ! — But— could it bo from the spirit land? Would Bhc bring his promise to bear on hira thence, tempting him thither? Sho would not ,! And sho knew, too, that he would not go before his hour, ii all tho spirits on tho other side were to eirll him to thorn. He re membered haying heard. and road of voices from far away, while those who called wore yet in the body Onco more it came ; lint this time it was very faint, and ha could not tell what it said, ' a wail of the ghost innsle arrangement nltli the autber followed close, and that seemed to come from behind hinv-not from the, chimney. Working apparently by contraries, it woke in him a j thought wliich sorely would have waked, sooner ; but for tho state he was in, God in heaven ! , could she bo down thero in the chapel? He . sprang to his feet. With superhuman energy | he gave a spring and caught hold of _ the edge of the cleft,, drew himself up till his, mouth , was on a level with it, and called aloud, "hotly Arctura !" There came no answer. ! " I am stupid as death !" ho said to lumsolf. "I have let her call me in vain !" "I am coming !" ho cried, filled with sudden life and joy, dropt on the roof and sped down the stair to the door that opened on the second floor ; he knew the way so well that he needed tout a little guidance from his hands, and would mot strike a light, to reach Lady Arctura's. for saken chamber. He hurried to the spot where the wardrobe had stood, and would with one shovo have seut it out of his way. There teas nothing there ! His heart sank within him. Was ho in a terrible dream ? He had made a mistake. Ho had trusted too much to his knowledge of the house, and had deceived him self as to where he was. Clearly he was not lu the right room. He must at last strike a light, forhehadno longer a notion where he was, Happily he was well provided. Alas ! alas ! he was whero lie had intended to be. It was (her room there was the wardrobe a yard or mo away from its usual position ; but where it vi ad stood was no recess ! Fresh plaster gave clear sign of where it had been, and that was all. It was no dream, but au awful succes sion of facts. He did not lose a moment, contemplating the change. It would have taken him perhaps lours to break through, though tho mortal' was mot yet hard. Instinctively clutching liis Skene dhu, he darted to the stair. It must Slave been tho voice of Arctura he had heard ! She was walled up In the chapel. Down tho great stair, with the swift strong noiseless foot of the Highlander lie sped to the door of the jcarl's business room, through which alone was the closet behind it and the oak door to be reached. It was locked. There was b..t one way left. Down to the Toot of the stair he shot. Good heavens ! if that jway also should have been known to tho carl. His heart heat so that he could hardly breathe. He crept through the little door uudcrncath the stair, and mode a great noise with the pan and brush left lying there, hut was now post fear of being heard. The low arch behind, through which ho had crept, was not built up. -In a moment he was in the crypt of the chapel. There was hut one difficulty left ; could he get up into the opening through the wall from the passage above ? Or in it, conld he, on the steep slope of the same, find purchase for his feet so as to lift the slab he hod there replaced ? He sprang at the slope, but there was no hold, and as'often as he tried he slipped down again immediately. He tried and tried again till he was worn out and almost in despair. She might be dying, and he was close to her and mould not re:. oh her. Ho stood still for a moment jto think. Then came to his mind the ward, " He that belicvetli shall not make haste and he thought with himself — as he could not ;at that moment have thought, had he not thought it many a time before — that God can- mot well help men when their minds are in ,-isuch a tumult that they will not hear what he " Is Baying to them. God can easily help the man who will hear him speak : if there be no other better way, he will work a miracle for him. " The fool !" docs some foolish reader say ! — " To be thinking when he should have been doing !" " Take care," I say to him, " or the time will come when you will he able only to kick against the goad of yonr driver, because you counted it lost time to make a silence in yonr soal that you might hear what you ought to do." With the fear that his friend might bo at the point of death within a few feet of him, and for want of him, Donal had yet the strength and wisdom to be quiet and to lis- ' ten. And as he stood there in the dark, the vi fiion of tlie place came before him as when first ho saw it, when ho threw in the lighted envelope, and in tho vision was the stone like a gravestone on which it fell and burned. He ! started at once from bis quiescence, dropped on bis bands and knees, and crawled until lie found it. Then out came his knife, aud he | dug away the earth at one end until ho could get both hands under it, when he heaved it from the floor, and shifting it along, got it tinder the opening in the wall. 