OtJK retrospect of toe year 1882 would be incomplete witoont some reference to the triumphs which science has achieved daring toe year jnst dosed, more particularly with regard to toe wonderful developement of toe powers and uses of electricity. Years ago on tne discovery or the process of photography and toe initiation of the art of telegraphy it used to be said toat "our grandfathers and grandmothers wonld have stared with astonishment had they been told toat mankind wonld make toe son take toeir portraits and toe lightning carry their messages," bnt we are doing more extraordinary things now. We have began to tame one of toe forces of nature hitherto only known as a source of terror to the human race, until we have transformed it into man's most obedient «u4 useful slave. The illumination of dries by means of toe electric light is one great stride made by toe world of science daring toe past year, bnt this develope ment of inventive art, remarkable as it is, can only be regarded as toe mere gaining of the threshold of a vast theatre of knowledge to be fully dis closed to view as tinje progresses.. light is only one of tbe properties of toe mysterious power we have invoked, and not by any means its leading properly. When we have once learned yo dfeve tope, so manage, ana 10 put in harness as it were, this grand and Sttbtile fluid, it fa oply q. Question of (fans, gfii not a long rime eithe whep wjt«hall bo ahfa fo" work it in fiymy direction in I tapsWe of befag of service to toe hams!? tBcei Wjd fterp can be no qnestion abont it, 7 j chief value of electricity will be its capn- . biliiy of nse as a motive power, j Already means have been fonwA to j store up toe force in jars and reser-j voire, thereby making -it portable and j available for application whenever and j wherever required, mid . successful at- j tempts have been made to propel boats I and locomotives by -of the new agent. We may fairly expect that toe j year bow beginning will witneBS "the ", perfecting and popularising xit dec- ' tricily, hot altogether ip toe extent of - -igiisede either . gaB or atewh| a|>pwil Miriiifiry tp both. Tbe invention of some motor of greatly condensed strength — -something toat could be packed in a small space and wonld be less weighty than all toe paraphernalia of pistons, cylinders, and other impedimenta incidents! to the employment of steam, is all toat is re quired to enable ns to fly through toe air ; for naturalists have repeatedly told ns that if something as powerful in proportion to size and density as toe muscles of a bird's wing could be de vised, the problem which baffled learns would be easy of solution. Whether we should &y; as separate in- dividuals, like .Kassfiias in tbe Jtlappy Valley, or whether we should soar through toe ujjper element in aggregate maggm;, like toe people on toe floating island of Lapnta, is a matter we need not speculate npon at present, but no one who has watched toe progress of physical science in the nineteenth cen tury can doubt toat toe serial ocean above ns will some day become quite as subservient for purposes of human traffic as toe aqueous ocean toat Britannia is supposed to rule at present And talking of the latter highway, it has to be recorded that such is toe improvement which has taken place in steam navigation, ana sacn tne aa van tage of opening the Suez Canal, that toe old ninety-day passage of twenty years ago between Australia and England has been reduced daring toe year 1882 to thirty-one days. When toe transcontinental line to Fort Darwin ckull he open, when toe Euphrates Valley railway shall he completed, and when oar steamers can do their twenty or five- and-twenty knots an hour throughout toe voyage, would it be presumptuous to suppose tost the man of toe future can be conveyed from Melbourne to London in a fortnight 1" " Steamers " did we say 1 Perhaps they will no longer go by steam, and will be called by a different name. And when we indulge in these anticipations, let not our readers suppose toat we are dealing in that sort of fiction which is so popular at this festive season, when people give toe reins to fancy, and talk about ghosts, giants and furies to amuse toe children. Let them not say of ns as Mercutio said to Borneo : — Oh, then I Bee, Queen Mab hath been with yon, KV>p jf tbe fames midwife ; and she comes In shape no bigger than an agate-stone On forefinger of no alderman, Drawn with a team of little atomies Athwart men's soaes, aa the; lie asleep. No. There is nothing of the Queen Mab about our anticipations, to day — nothing but sober, logical deductions from existing facts. People may write all sorts of fictions such as the tales of Jules Verne abont people in toe earth beneath, or in toe waters tinder the earth. They may laugh as they like about toe absurdities of "Jack and toe Beanstalk," or declare there is not one grain of truth in toe story of "Aladdin and toe Wonder ful Lamp " or for that matter in the whole of toe Arabian Nights' Entertain ments from beginning to end ; but what man of common-sense is there amongst ns who will declare that we are wrong when we affirm toat more extraordinary things are happening daily in toe world of reality, than have been recounted in the wildest imagin ings of toe most bare faced concoctors of fable toat have ever sojourned on this planet! It has been said hundreds of times tost " truth is stranger than ncaon," and of all truths scientific truth is toe most puzzling, toe most stupendous, and the most difficult to realise. It breaks out like a revelation in the most unexpected rimes and places, sometimes by accident and sometimes as the re ward of diligent search. The history of past inventions and discoveries if it had been published in anticipation of the events, would have been re garded as the biggest collection of toe tallest lies ever palmed upon an in credulous public ; hut we, in the present day, who are able to read it by toe light of experience, know that it is nothing more than an unvarnished record of actual matters of fact Science has opened up before us in 1SS2 an interesting chapter, and the probability is that by the time our readers are twelve months older other discoveries no less startling than those of any former period will have been disclosed to a gaping world. As time progresses toe very conditions of ex istence seem to change, and although mankind can never expect to regain toat state of primeval innocence and simplicity which is generally supposed to have characterised the dawn of life on this planet, it does not seem alto gether improbable that toe human race may yet achieve by a different route, a condition of equal happiness through toe spread of education, intelligence and scientific knowledge. For instance, as toe laws of health become better understood and sanatory precautions are more universally adopted, disease will be minimised, toe physique of the race improved, and toe standard of longevity increased. All sorts of labour- saving expedients will abolish severe bodily toil, and toe means of production will outgrow toe demands of consump tion, so that people will live comfortably and have time to improve toeir minds. We could go on for another column, indicating what the coming man wiil be likely to do, and what he will be likely to avoid, but we leave our readers to follow up toe argument to its legitimate conclusion. 