MY LADY'S PIiOT; * OK, TEE CHiost of Biavol© Castle, CHAPTEE XLI. RIKA'S CHAMBER. ? At Korman Devereux's unexpected request X)r. Allingbam's hand dropped from tlie bell pull, and without a -word, lie involuntarily \f turned his eyes in startled inquiry upon his mother. . Moved by a' similar impulse, Mrs. Allingham's glance at the same moment sought his. For an instantthey stood thus, wholly absorbed in that mutually questioning- gaze. The next Mrs. Allingham recovered herself. Addressing the surprised and waiting young, officer, she said, slowly, a certain shrinking re luctance observable in her airand and voice : 'It is better, Colonel Devereux, to state the unvarnished truth. That truth is, that not a servant in the castle can be induced £6 enter the late Miss Beauchauip's chamber — that — ' She .hesitated, and then added, hurriedly : ' In plain ?words, Colonel Devereux:, that the chamber is said to be haunted.!' As Mrs Allingham made that statement, a blue white circle defined itself clearly about her mouth, and even Dr. Alliiigham's fair face notice ably paled. But, in spite of those signs of secret agitation, Doctor Allingham burst out quickly, contemptu ously : * Stuff and nonsense !' ' Yes,' assented Mrs. Allingham, ' but it is a ' stuff and nonsense ' which neither you nor I can control. Since the day,' again addressing Colonel Devereux, 'that we saw Miss Beau champ plunge headlong to her dreadful — ' j The young- officer suddenly lifted his hand. ' Spare me ! for Heaven's sake, spare me !' he interjected, huskily. Mrs. Allingham gently apologised and hurried on. 'Since that dSy,' she continued, 'every ser vant in the casile has refused to enter the chamber. They say it is haunted by the — her ghost V That somewhat agitated correction made, Mrs. Allingham was about to proceed, T.hen Nonuan Devereux burst out hoarsely, brokenly : ' Her ghost ! Then let me see it ! Then that is the chamber for ine I I would give every year of my life for the sweet sacred joy of rest-' ing my eyes even on her pure shade !' ' But you do not understand,' gently and pity ingly explained Mrs. Allingham. * 3&o; one but my eon and myself has entered the chamber since that fateful evening. It remains just as the poor child left it. Tne orderly disorder has Siever — ' * Pardon me,' interposed Norman Devereus, ' I comprehend now.. You mean that, under the circumstances, the chamber cannot be put in readiness for a new occupant. Let me assure-you that I have long been used to roughing it, and re quire no assistance to render invseif thoroughly comfortable. All that I ask is your permission to occupy the chamber.3 There was no further ^..'aiur. Doctor Alling liani excused himself, directly :?; ' tirrdng with a email candelabrum iu. iiis band . and followed by a man-servant bearing an anaf ul of towels and a huge ewer of fresh v.-ater. The man fully maintained his mistress's asser tion. His strong, rugged face v/as unnaturally pale, and his round,, ligiit eyes wide v.itli a fear impossible to conceal. Norman Devereux biido Mrs. Allingham good evening and turned to tlio quaking servant. 'Give these to me, iny goad ft- liow,' he said. jnnaiy. As iie spoke he caught up his knapsack and staff, took the towels, and slinging them all over his left shoulder, received the ewer in the other hand. ' The man looked at him from beneath his shag-gy brows with eyes of this most profound gratitude. Then, uttering an earnest ' Thankee, sir,' lie Lurried oil with a precipitation that seemed to indicate a fear oi a counter-command from his master. And for one moicent Doctor Allingham looked as if such an intention might be in his mind. But, if so, he quickly renounced it, and, speaking a word of courteous invitation to his guest, led. the way to the distant chamber in which Nina had been incarcerated. As Norman Devereux followed him through the long, echoing corridors his heart rose in a fierce, bitter pain at tJae thought of Nina's being condemned to this remote and lonely portion of the castle. It seemed as if Doctor Allingham might have fathomed his thought. Speaking for the first time since they had left the reception room, he said abruptly : 'You, of course, understand, Colonel Deverenr, why Miss Beauchainp was assigned apartments in this end of the castle ?' Foi a moment Norman Devereux did not an Bwer. He could not. His emotions forbade a Trord. But just as Doctor Allingham half turned, looking back at him in surprised inquiry, he spoke. ?*? 'Yes/ he replied, 'Doctor JeffrieB made m& fully acquainted with everything connected with Miss Beauchamp's stay at Diavolo Castle, and naturally mentioned the location^ of tho apart ments.' * Nothing more was said till they entered the haunted chamber. There Doctor Allingham courteously inquired whether he could be of any further use to his guest. \- On Lei&g; answered in the negative he SSfc the candelabrum on the mantle, uttered a fewpolite phrases, and then, with a somewhat Janrried good night, departed. _ ' La. a moment he was back again. ' I forgot/ he laughed, a little unnaturally — '*I forgot the corridors were tmlighted, and ?must beg one of your candles. This infernal nonsense of the servants is an unbearable incon venience/ Norman Devereux courteously acquiesced, ad cting quickly tlie nest instant — . 'But here is a candlestick already supplied/ .A%,he spoke he drew a costly and elegant toy .from the shadow of a large vase at the ether encl, of the mantle where it had, at that moment, chanced to catch his eye. He lighted it and presented it to his host. Doctor Allingham'e baud shook as he grasped the slender gold handle. He recognised the , article on the instant. It had been, purchased ? by Nina in Paris, and afterwards given to his mother. . , . He remembered well that it was this beau. . tafulworkof art lie iiad caught up on the dread night of the appearance of Diavolo's ^hoat in the drawing-room— and remembering, he shud dered. Ab the door closed upon him the second time, ' Ubrman Devereux knit Ms .brows in profound, anxious thought. .????. ' He is no coward/ he mattered slowly, after a little, 'and yet he is afraid — of this chamber! He speaks contemptuously of the servants* ter rors, and yet his own terrors are as great ! How iis lips paled as he entered! and now bis eyes furtively and shxinkLngly swept ±he length. and breadth of the room ! And then his mother's agitation and his. own below! Yes! they are afraid ! But afraid of what ? What dread ob ject did he expect or fear to see ? My poor Nina's holy, harmless shade ?' . . He turned and cast a swift, anguished glance around tiie room. ' No ! no !' he cried, in load, hoarse tones. *I will not believe it i I will not! There is some V deep, horrible mystery, and they are lying to ? ? me !' '?. . ? , ' - -. But in spite of his words, his heart sank asie *;??' recalled Doctor Allingham's brief but complete :': Btatemfent of Nina's death. la spite of his words he believed the statement I - V \- - It was natural that he should, -It was a V juausible story that jSfina.had suddeahriiiscoTerd. *?* ? that she was a captive, suddenly taken flight^ v :- ^^tM«4i^lf^%Bifltato na^op^edihfi*Bll* ' -. S ^obf^Snd plunged into the .o^^sot ?OBrrenfr A deep groan, straggling heavily and uncon sciously across bis lips, at length aroused him. j He raised his head, and, after a moment, left j bis position, and began a slow and careful exami nation of the room, He sighed as he brought it .to a close. He had hoped to find none trifling token of Nina's past ?nressnee. He found nothing:. His next act was to refresh, himself with a bath. Pindingthat Ins had drawn rather wastefnlly upon the contents of bis ewer, he determined to redress and go down for a fresh supply. _ % His toilet completed, he looked at his -watch. It was yet. comparatively early — only half -past 10. * I sliall certainlv find a servant up, if notijie whole family,' he thought. ?With that thought he took one o£ tiie candles from the candelabrum, and, slipping it in a slender-mouthed little vase standing on the mantle, caujht up the ewer and opened the xloor. As he did so a strong gust of ; wind swept through the raised windows, and in one instant had extinguished every candle. The moon was at its full, and without difficulty he found the matches. His candle relighted, he again started on his errand. Once or twice he got astray among the corri dors, but finally entered the ona by which he had left the r«i?ej-uon room. ? It was etiU lighted, and, directly, voices from the reception room proved that the master and mistress, at least, had not yet retired. But as Jie gained the door he suddenly hesi tated. H« must either go back without the water, or enter unfter tne awkward circumstances of bavin* overheard what was never intended for his ears. Mrs. Allingham's clear, flute-like tones had all at once reached him in these words — ' Berthold ! Berthold !' she cried, let us leave ,this accursed place before we both go mad nnder the weight of its frightful terrors. You know-, and I know, that-they are no imaginary terrors, iMid v/e also know that they are killing us bolh.'» Doctor Allingham -burst into a harsh, mocking laugh. _r As he diciso Norman Devereux turned from the door. ' I must wait till morning/ he thought. ' It would be the height of indelicacy to enter at such a moment as this.' . I if at he had scarcely taken three steps when Doctor Allingaani's answering voice. brought him to a sudden pause. ' Gi-eat heavens !' he gasped. With that smothered ejaculation, and a face as white as the dead, he put .down the, ewer and candle, and weakly staggered back to the ?door (to be continued.) 