SPARES. B ibes in swaddling clothes will be lisping out anathemas at Liberalism directly ; and youn'kcrs in petticoats will he teaching grey-beards their alphabets in ethics, and philosophy. An inspired youth, of sweet seventeen, by name A. J, Ross, is airing his theology in the columns of the Redfern Times, in such subjects as " The Bible," and the " Future of the English Nation.'' George Lacey, Charles Bright, el hoe genus omne, tr.r-r-remble ! now this young Samp son is upon thee. This same young ink-slinger essays to be funny too, for doth he not write " A Boozer -or, the experience of a boozer, wr.tten in a boozy style by a boy, aged 17." The wonder is, how or wheie had this young temp'ar hil boozy experience-he has drawn on his powerful imaginatioa, most likely. When Father Petre preached on Orange ism the other day, at Lithgow, the best seats were reserved for Orangemen, many of whom were present. It is hoped they were im pressed hy the Rev. Father's little talk about Christian chaiity. In tile ' Mittagong sotiool case, Mr. Reid deserv es kudus, for putting his foot on an a t m pt of certain bigots to introduce intoler ance into our Educational system. He says there are only «ix R. C. inspectors to twenty six Protesiant ditto ; which, however, doesn't please the iProUttini Standard, which says that considering there are but few Roman Catholic children attending Public Schools the ratio is still favourable to the Catholics. The blooming idiot who obtrusively thrusts his hatred of English rule defiantly before the majority of his neighbours, who have some sort of respect for it, is at beBt, a fair specimen of the evolutionary theory of one Darwin. The burning of a bon-fire, in imitation of buming a pour wretch's body and soul is, well-ia shocking bad taste in a man who hails from the country of O'Connell, Shiel and Grattan. The same instinct pervades many miads. The men who called a gold-field Home Rule. who flaunt in glaring letters, in a British country, words indicative of hate to every thing English, and men who shoot informers are all men, of course-but what sort of men ? Glorious country-the heaven of demo, crats I it is so big that all sorts and sizes of people seem to use it as a big run, wherein to give vent to every species of license and in sanity. What a howling time of it there has been over our new Commission. Of course, our local appointees are all good men, and true - every body knows that they are ; and it's hoped they'll illuminate the Bench by the sptrkfing r.iys of their intellectual light [Dry up! what infernal rot will come from your anvil next?-ED. H.C.] The officers of our new Coursing Club didn't give satisfaction to some peopl", nor never will, to them. When people make up their minds that they ought to win, all the saints in the calendar woundu't please 'em. Though not gone very far on coursing, after the display on Monday las' with such powerful hares-to whom the dogs were as nothing,-the "cruelty " vanishes ; and what is objectionable to many persons, is reduced to a minimum. It occurs to me that the recent conciliation of an appointment to Ko. IO District School Board, has a very shady aspect about it-to say the least of it. Some time ago, New Sou'h Wales came to the fore, ina mutter of theological import in the person of Dr. Kenwick, and his " Realms of Knowledge, etc." Now it is Victoria's turn with Judge Higinbotham. on " Modern Science and the Churches." Thus we see both Law and Me dicine taking the wind out of the sails of Divinity, in showing the way to deal with vexed questions in a liberal spirit. I notice that a lot of bakers an4 butchers, down Parramatta way. were hauled before the beaks lately, for having light «eights in their possession. These occurrences are becoming every day more frequent, and as a heavy fine is attached to conviction, it would be as well for our locals to look out, as there is no know ing when th« local inspector may swoop down upon anyone-just promiscuously like, you know! The cry, now-a-days, is for " more light," and our esteemed CC. seems to think we, or rather, his little " school,'' shall have enough of it-though they, the said little school (of aldermen), seem to think they get too much lux, when they have to climb in the window every now and then to "douse the glim." Some night, the midnight prowler going home from his diversions, will imagine the ghosts of former councillors are holding a solemn conclave-in judgment on their erring successors, probably-in the Council Cham ber, seeing the lights burning all night. Now, Mr. Secretary, shouldn't G. Dick son's dog, late Merkara, he Dirk Ilattcrick, rather than " Dick Hatterick," as on tho cards f VULCAN. 