Kstor, named TaphWO, "who tt engaged with i>rt.nfer» in «onstrncting the Nepeatt whtdK j-s, visited Douglas Park On SntMrdhy morn- inorierto draw money in pay bis men's K3jreg, He drew the sum of £1447 from the gSj. and started on his return jotthey in a ffjSrgy driven by a yoftag intin named -Tohn- KiDm Aftor proceeding about two tittles and a ' ffifpTf they wero Bnddenly confronted by two men TO3 masks, who presented revolvers and ordered liSem to bail up. As the occupants of the IfLgy wore unarmed they were forced to obey So order, and tlio robbtra then led the horso fed buggy away into the bush a distance of jfcout 100 yards. Having reached a secluded Xot, the men pinioned Topham and fgobn&on; to trees, obtained possession of me money and decampod. About half- an-hour liter tlioir departure Tnphaa_ by dint of Bruggling succeeded In freeing his bonds, and 2® immediately set his companion free. jJhoy returned to camp, and the deteotives Sore at once communicated with. The latter " jfent instructions to guards of trains and station asters to be on the look out for two suspici- gus oharaotors. Tho result of these prompt ensures was highly satisfactory, at two men ho oro believed to he tho rubbers in question tero captured the same evening about half- Lat eight o'clook. They got into a guard's Van of a luggago train at a placo about fivO Iniles from Douglas Park, and tho guard's iinapicions being aroused he had them arrested Ecu the arrival of tho train at Campbell town. j?0n being searched a sum of £1410 was found l|| g in their possession. ijjffi The Victoria Amateur Turf Club held a fMmost successful meeting at Caulfiold on IfjSaturday, tho attendance being good and tho fiireathcr delightfnl. His Excellency the ipovernor and suite were present, and re- ipamainod until after tho Steeplechase Wns run. J Castaway won tho Selling Race, with Nymph g second and Halifax third. The Hurdle Kace M foil to the top weight, Buzza, who whs riddon IS by his owuor, Mr. J. 0. Inglis, .'with Triplet % and Miller, in immediate attendance. Tho ;j Victoria Gold Cup, for gentlemen riders, was 1 won by Black Jacket, Abdallah second and J Yerlo third. The Ladies' Trophy wa oon- ?| tested by 42 horses, tho largest hold that has 1 over been known in Australia, and only onco i:| exceeded in England. The much coveted trophy was won by Tho Ghost, the fortunate j| nominator being Mrs. Sanderson ; Liddington 1 was second and Transferred third. General ' C4 Jackson won the Open Steeplechase, with .'the j a favorite, Vanlter, next, and Napoleon third. - 'if Arrangements had been made by whioh the jj lost race was started at fOur o'clock, hud oh (3 all hands it was agreed that at this season of j» tho year the idea was as excellent one. ;< | Our Sydney correspondent reports that a 2? firo broke out early yosterday morning an ; i| board tho steamer Lily, which was at the time ' ' lying at thu Lime-street wharf, Darling Har- hor. Tho firo originated in tho middlo of tho £ vessel, and rapidly spread fore and aft, tho i wholo of tho internal fittings being totally con- ' aumed. Somo timo elapsed beforo tbo bri- | gades wero summoned, as the vessel hod no ono H on board, and there was no watchman oh the sj wharf. To add to tho difficulties experienced I in extinguishing tho flames, tho ropes whioh it bound her to the wharf quickly gave way, 9 having been ignited by the fire, and 'the vessel sheered off from the qitliy. Tho firemen, how- ; | ever, succeeded in getting her alongside again, j and the firo was soon afterwards extift- guished. | Messrs. Money Wigram and Sunk are deter, rt mined not to give up their interest in tho Mol- $ bourno trado, and have now. two additional \j steamers placed on the lino. The first to at> .,4 rive is tho Kont, a new vessel, under the cora- i inand of Captain Babot. and the next one Cap- tain O'Callnghan will Command. Tho Kont j is expe'etod to reach here some time during the present month. By tho steamer Glenmorv'e'n, which arrived ,'i on Saturday, Messrs. Thomas Bookless and 1 Scott have recoived another consignment of h first class pnro bred ClydCsdalo horses. They I consist of Shillingsworth, a brown throo-yoar- 4 old entire, and four mare3, varying from four I to six years old. They nrb all magnificent Jj animals, and hare been brought out in "excoilout j order. Unfortunately, an entire unmet! Breast- si plate died aftor being only a few days at 8 sea. 4 The now machinery for the Dnnclcnong | Freehold Brick Company is on board the Orient stcamor jCuzco, which arrived in the 9 Bay yesterday. When it is erected the com- utiy will bo able to turn out 30,000 bricks per x day, I The Banco Court sat for a short timo on Saturday, and disposed of tho list for bearing on that day. In the case of Levy v. Wood. % man Mr. Hodges obtainod a rule absolute to it re take money out of court. In tho cnito Of the | Queen v. Trench, ea -/parte Chalmore, Dr. Mai | den sought, on behalf of Chalmers, to quash a | return to a writ of mandamus and compel n J udge Trench, at the county court, Ballarat, D to hear a caao which ho had declined to enter- w tain. On tho 7th February H, B. Chalmers, of t? Ballarat, proceeded to recover unit- c0,lrt from a man named l'objoy tho value of a bolter i3 and calf. When called on it was stated that J the case had been heard in a court of petty | sessions and dismissed on its merits, and the | judge, considering that dismissal a bar to his ,'j having jurisdiction, rofusod to deal with it. A 3 writ of mandamus was obtained from tho Full :J Court, calling upon the judge to hear the case jj or eIiow cause why ho did not do so, and he J returned the writ with his reasons stated at -j length. The court, at the time of granting \- the mandamus, was of tho opinion that the ii case should be heard, nnd saw no reason bow to alter its view. The rile was therefore 3 made absolute to compel Judge Ttenoh |j to hear the action. In tho Queoa v. U Call er parte Miller Sir Bryan O'Logh- iij leu soiv.Mit for a mandamus to compel \j rite Melbourne justices to hear a charge 4 brougm; by Alexander Miller, hotelkeeper, 3 against Patrick Cronin Counihau of lar- j.i ccnr as a bailee. When tho caso was >3 boiore tne court it had been pleaded that ij Coumlian had been Bummnnod for the money 4 ana arterwards made insolvent and the jus- -i tices nail declined to proceed. Their Honors iw overruled tho justices in tho matter and ;5 granted tbo mandamus to compel tbem to f i hear tne caso. The conrt will not sit to-day is: in consequence of the holiday observed in noiiorof Reparation day. tit Roierrrng to the artioles published in The i Ana from tho pen of Mr. George Freest .i Morrison in conneotion with tho Queensland j laDor traffic, tho Ocelanq Times writes : — x "The story told by Mr. Ernest Morrison was | such as made the blood tinglo with shame and J indignation that a white man's greed of gain | could eo brutalisa him beneath the instincts of I tho savage. Mr. Morrison had been a Work- ! ing sailor on a Queensland labor vessel, aildhe I had therefore a personal acquaintance with tlie I facts he narrated. Tho stirring picture, as I was very natural," oroated a stir amongst tho B implicated planters of Quesneland, and one of U them, a Mr. Macrae, wrote recently to 'The H Ape denying thu accuracy of Mr. Morrison's H allegations. Ho declared them to be over- H drawn and sensational, lacking truth, and 1 simply preposterous and impossible in view of Ej the Christian character of tho major portion H of the planters, who would be socially OBtra- jfj ciaed If suoh atrocities existed as alleged. So R far, this looked as if one story was good until U another was told ; but the facts are that Mr. H Macrae stands alone in his mere denial, while H Mr. Morrison is corroborated by almost a host | of independent witnesses; who testify that he I understated rather than overstated liis case." Pontifical High Mass was celebrated yeater- \- day morning at St. Patrick's Cathedral on the occasion of tho annnol Peter's Pence oollea- , tion, Mozart's Twelfth Mass was performed hy the fall strength of the cathedral musical forcos in a very impressive manner. Dr. Simms's lecture on Love, Courtship and Marriage drew another full house to the i Athenmum on Saturday evening; It elioited muoh cheering nnd merriment from the ou- dionce, who seomed to highly enjoy tho unique and valuable lecture. It will be repeated in the AtheueeUm this evening for the lost time. Another encoessful people's ooncert was I given at tho Temperance Hail on Saturday evening to a largo audience. The programme submitted was an attractive one. Tho Victoria Hall was crowded to excess as usual on Saturday evening, nnd the new pro pamine Submitted by the Federal Minstrels was received with marked favor. Tho number of visitors to the National Gallery and yesterday was 2000. Xbereaultof tbo .poll of shareholders taken on y tbo Victorian Co-oporatlvo Dress Supply association Is announced by ndvortlsoment. concert and ball will bo given in tho Melbourne i ' lptttaxo Hall this evening in aid of the widow and I. lamily o! the dalo Brother IV. A. Bradshaw, of tho Star | of Australia Felix Tout No. 1, l.O.B. 1 ait.?. 0 ,0' Vietorlan Canary and Plgoon 1 ""T00 ',l v«y briskly on Saturday nlcbu In S rVn j . hicrcaso facilities the cnintnittoe have do- IsS csteul1 tUo retries until eight o'clock to- l.fenn:J of the Weeleyan Home Mis- Blnvm lei Y tho firunswfok8trccb Wca- SiwijfllAMri ' filzro>» thia oveniutf. Tho mooting iMtii refBe< 10 Kev. Shoucpr WiUiamtt. gene rdidSiSa 0IU0 Mison8»K«v' Joho Ata IB a?4 k' wi!i bo hold In tho Sondrldtro in old of. tho Sond- II' « .7 Sodetlca' Dispensary. Tbo concert HI . a torchllffht procession o! tbo dif- Bm; d JrA ih full jcgalla. and the lpcal and 6Ubur 