POLITICAL MEETING AT AUBURN. A political meeting1 was held at the Dis trict Council Chamber, Auburn, on Satur day afternoon, May 12, when the members for the district, Messrs. H. E. Bright and J. Bosworth, addressed the electors on several topics now engaging public atten- | tiou. About 40 persons were present. Mr. James Jones, the Chairman of the Upper Wakefieid District Council, occupied the chair. He read the requisition calling the | meeting, which was signed by 16 electors, j He then asked the senior member for the district to address the meeting. Mr. H. E. Bright on rising was warmly received. He said it gave him much plea sure to meet the electors of the district, and especially those at Auburn. He appeared before them iu response to the circular that had been issued. He confessed that he preferred hearing the electors whom he represented express their views. He referred to his being in the House of Assembly in 1S65 and assisting in the alterations that were then made for the disposal of the waste landa of the Crown. Since then great advances had been made, the land laws having been greatly liberalised. Owing to a series of distressing seasons, caused chiefly by drought, a Bill was introduced last session which was intended as a mea sure of relief to farmers who had suffered most from the effects of the drought. Had there been anything like fair seasons there would have been no need to alter the land laws. However, the Parliament passed a measure intended for the relief of farmers who had made a mistake by paying dear for poor land, and who had failed to get remunerative returns. But the Act had been carried out very differently from what was intended, and many persons had taken advantage of it to the very great injury of the country. Persons who were not intended by Parliament to have the privilege had been allowed to surrender their selections. There had consequently been a loss to the State of more than half a million of money which should have been paid into the Treasury. Many La 1 surrendered selections for which they had agreed to pay £6 per acre, and had again obtained the same land for £1 Oa 6d per acre. Mr. Playford, his colleague, and himself, as well a3 other hon. members were apprehensive when the Bill was being passed that some farmers would take advantage of it, and they advo cated the appointment of a board to adju dicate on all cases where . applications for surrender were made. It was, however, overruled, and decided that all such matters should be carefully looked into by the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Parliament believing that he would exercise a wise discretion. Fearing that the high-priced land might be saci ificed when it was offered for resale, he urged in his place in the House of Assembly that such land should be put up at half price, which was passed ; but the Government gave the farmers to understand that if not purchased within three days it would be brought down to £1, being reduced from day lo day. Had a longer time been given persons could have visited the surrendered selections, and hav ing ascertained what they were like could have offered a fair price for the laud ; but no time was given for such inspection, and consequently the loss to the revenue was vprxr irrcat. Tn a. f&nr; instani\pa the* iwrenns who surrendered had failed to get the land, and he mentioned an original £4-per-acre selector who offered the person who pur chased £50 not to take it, but which offer was refused. On going to the farm he found 400 bags of wheat in the barn, and he (the speaker) could mention several cases of a like nature. The Act intended only to meet cases of real distress, and not such as he had just referred to. Another person had said that he would rather have given £10 an acra for it than lose the farm agreed to surrender. The way the thing was being done was a positive injustice to the country. The House would not accept his amendment, as hon. members thought that by leaving the working of the measure to the discretion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands it would be properly carried out, but it was a mistake. The loss would have to be made up, and mouey would have to come from somewhere, which just meant increased taxation. Such doings would look very bad to the money-lenders, and they would find that out when they wanted to borrow again in the English market. The lenders, finding- that the land sales were fictitious would be very cautious iu lending. He bad ever been anxious to give facilities to all to go on the land. He did not think there was any need to go to the trouble of classifying the land, as he thought when left to the farmers to nlnnaifc thp.v would do if. satisfnntorilv.hfiini? the best judges. The lot system had been tried, but the inonied men put in a uuuiber of scratchers and the good land did not bring in much more than the bad. With regard to surrender he maintained that a board should have been appointed to deal with all surrenders, and a statutory decla tion should have been required from all parties as to the cause of surrender. The person surrendering had prevented another from gettiuj? the land because he gave a higher bid, and now he got the land at a much lower price than the other was pre pared to give. He next referred to the pastoral leases, and the terms on which such leases had been granted. In 1SQ7 a number of i'l years' leases were renewed, which would fall due in 1888. The Parliament was anxious that when due these leases should be submitted to public auction. He spoke of the Bill that was passed last year to give additional leases, but he did nol want to break faith either with the lessees or the public. There were persons who ad vocated the dividing of the runs. These were well-to-do farmers who were desirous of securing small runs, but he did not be lieve in small runs, because he did not think they would answer. In the outside country there should not only be leases of long tenure, but also a fixity of tenure, in order that the occupiers might know that what they in vested in improving the runs would not be lost to them. The occupiers of lands that were really suitable for agriculture and were required for that purpose could be paid for im provements These and other matters would have to be brought before Par liament on its assembling. There had been too frequently a readiness to borrow money for public works, but if steps were not takfcu to increase the revenue it was very evident from the way things were drift ing that they would soon go to the wall. The security offered by the colony was not so good, and lenders would find that out. The Government had made a mistake, and better oversight would be required in future. He was surprised to find amongst the per sons who had surrendered their selections the names of many wealthy people. Many purchased the land at a high price, ^nd he presumed they knew what they were about. They of course prevented others from get ting the land, and now they took advantage of the measure which admitted of surrender, and were thus enabled to get the land at less than its value. If such a person purchased a horse at auction at a high price, and after wards went to the auctioneer who sold the animal, and, stating that he had given too much money for it, asked that he might be allowed to have it cheaper, would he get it ? (Laughter). But that was just what many farmers in good circumstances were doiug with the Government, and their re quest was being granted1 to the manifest in jury of the State. He was anxious that the revenue should be raised with aa little op pression as possible. There were many things, however, that in theory sounded well but when put into practice appeared very different. He would do away with the system of surrender altogether, for unfortu-- nate and really needy people were not the persons who were being benefited, as had beeu amply proved. lie hoped that step* would soon be taken on the assembling of Parliament to check it. The system had tended greatly to depreciate the value of freehold property. He could mention cases to show that under the system of sarrender undue advantage had been taken of the Act. In the Hundred of Wandearah a selector took up land at £G per acre. Another per son wanted the same land, but did not go quite to that figure. He secured another selection for £5 an acre and morteajred it at £3 an acre. The first oue had surrendered and obtained his laud for £1 Os 6d per acre, aud the other was struggling on with a mort gage of £3 an acre on his land. The speaker quoted from Hanaard of September 12, 1882, to show what his views were when the Bill was before the House. The Chairman at this stage read a letter of apology from Mr. J. W. Castine, J.P., of Kiverton. Mr. J. Bos worth expressed pleasure at meeting the electors at Auburn, but h» was placed at a disadvantage, as he had just returned from a journey of 400 miles,, having been at his ruu in the North. Ha was not aware till that day of the object of the meeting, and was not therefore in a position to enter exhaustively into political questions. His colleague, Mr. Bright, had gone very extensively into the land ques tion, and as he had in a great measure ex pressed his own views it would not be neces sary for him to go over the same ground. He looked upon the Act which admitted of surrender as one of relief, but owing to the way ia which it had been managed, it had been a fraud. In his place in the House he moved for the appointment of a Board to deal with all applications for surreader, and had that been agreed to it would have been much better than leaving the whole thing to the discretion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands. Many farmers had taken up land that was totally unfit for agriculture, and it would have been better to keep them to their conditions than nave allowed them to surrender, because persons holding good land had taken advantage of the measure. The Commissioner had been altogether too liberal, and no time had been given to per sons to compete for the7 surrendered lands. Had time been given to persons to look at the selections many would have been pre pared to take thejand when it was put up at the higher rate. The thing had been so arranged that the persons who surrendered could lake up the land on the third day at 6d over 20s per acre. The English rnoney lanr^Ara nrrMilH 'tlma soft that tha lnnrl ? on/? consequently the security — was not so good as had been represented. He hoped that ou the assembling of Parliament a stop would be put to the waste that had been carried on for some time in disposing of tlte Crown lands. He was a pastoral lessee at well as an agriculturist, and he could not say that he had profited by the former. There was a large area of country to-be de veloped, aud it would be belter for the public that there should be an extension of leases. When referring to that matter in Parliament he pointed out that the colony expended in imported meat as much as half a million annually, and therefore it was as important to have the country stocked as it was to cultivate the laud to obtain bread. He referred to. the large expenditure that was necessary to get water to supply stock on much of the pastoral country. He had offered £1,000 to any party who would sink five wells on his run to provide a suffi cient quantity of drinkable water for sheep It would not be neeessaiy to go a great depth, but it was possible that many of the wells when sunk would be useless owing to the water being salt. Many occupiers of pastoral country, knowing their leases. would soon expire, had ceased to make improve ments. It would therefore be a wise thing to give them an extension of lease, as they He referred to water conservation, adverting to what he had said on that subject in the House of Assembly, and considered that it was imperative for Parliament to devise ;i scheme for utilising the water that was al lowed to waste. He introduced a motion into Parliament to that effect, but with drew it at tlie suggestion of the Govern ment, as it intended to go fully into tha matter. He was pleased that some of his suggestions had been carried out, but it was necessary to perfect the scheme. Other matters would have to come before Parlia ment. Taxation must be dealt with, and he was in favor of an income tax as well as a property tax. Many persons derived larga incomes from bank and other shares, and they should be made to bear their fair burden of taxation. (Hear, hear.) Mr. D. Walters asked the senior member what course he would adopt with regard to the surrendering of selections. Mr. Bright replied that he would endeavor to have the Act of last session repealed. The poor farmers who were living on in ferior land could have an extension of time. Mr. F. Treloar, J.P., was surprised that the members for the district should have been brought to Auburn at that time. He wanted to know who had called the meet ing. The electors were conversant -with all the matters that had been touched upon, and he considered it was not treating tbe members fairly. [Mr. Treloar not being present when the Chairman read the requi sition calling the meeting and the names attached read it again for the information of Mr. Treloar and other electors who came to the meeting late.] i*Al , XJL JHlll Dam .14, YVclO V* Oil niofc wtv^LUio and their representatives should meet occa sionally, that they might fully understand each other. He would, therefore, be glad to hear some of the farmers express their views as to the sort of relief which they re quired. The Chairman intimated that he did not think the Act dealing with surrender was wauted by any of the agriculturists at that meeting. Mr. W. J. McDonald, as one who bad signed the requisition, felt that the way in which many of the Northern agriculturists had been surrending their selections was & complete farce.. A mistake had been made in allowing farmers to take up 1,000 acres, as he considered that the square mile which was the limit at one period was enough. The farmers were now agitating to have the runs eut up. They would no doubt bid any amount for such small runs, but they would be sure to be in distress and would want to surrender, playing over again the same game as they had done with the agricultural selections! (Hear, hear). Mr. J. J. Duncan wished to thank the gentlemen who had signed the requisition and thus brought their members to Auburn. TJ« nrno oni^»-icar3 tliflt nniitir.s tlirnno-linnl Xl-5 Weld OtllU-'OI'U ».«»»?* f-va.*a.»w wh&^*u^ux;u«. the country should have been dormant for such a long time, notwithstanding the un satisfactory way in -which the surrender of lands was being proceeded with. Now that the members were present did he understand them to say that they invited electors lo put V questions to them ? i* Mr. Bright was most willing to answer any questions that might be put. Mr. J. J- Duncan — Will the members uphold the Government in what it has done in granting relief to farmers? Mr.Brightsaid the Commissioner of Crown Lands had not exercised discretion in deal ing -with the surrender, and he would not support the Government in what it had done. Mr. Bosworth was opposed to the way in which the Act had been carried out. He ?was in favor of the appointment of a board. Mr. IL Heaslip — As it is likely that there ?will be a dissolution in three months, will the members do all they can to bring about sn flarlr dissolution ? ('Laughter.) Mr.Biight said it was not possible to have a dissolution under four or six months. The necessary clerical work could not be done in less than three months. Mr. J'. J. Duncaa — Can the senior mem ber give some idea as to the receipts from laud sales for the quarter ? Mr. Bright could not give the amount accurately, and therefore would not give figures, but he might say that half a million of money at least had been frittered away. He believed there would be a great defi ciency in the estimate made by the Trea surer. Mr. F. Treloar — What steps do the members intend taking to get a railway via Auburn to Ulare t Mr. Bright said there was not a ghost of a chance of getting a railway, as there were not 10 members in the House that would Tote for it. Mr. Bosworth thought it would do harm to take action at present. Mr. Bright wished it to be understood that as a member of the Railway Com mission lie did all that he could in favor of the railway ; but when the Commission was In Clare not two of the persons who gave ^evidence ^were of one mind. One wanted one thing and another something else. Mr. Treloar — Is that the reasen why be altered his views with regard to the Clare railway f Mr. Bnght said he had not altered his views, and the questions put by himself to the persons who gave evidence were ?with . the view of eliciting favorable answers. Mr. Treloar could state that the questions ,put to him were altogether foreign to vrhat should have been put, and that accounted for the diversity of sentiment in the evidence. The members promised to support the tail -trroTT tinf +I-»^tt f3itf? nnr fic% fifi in tVia Hnnco Mr.Bright said he did all he possibly could. for it, but from the evidence that was given he could not hold with it. The Clare railway . iwaaaflt^rought before the House, and he . £ ^atedfor|$e extension of the Biyth railway .? ry-- -;-^;^ia3st§?ie^. Thajt__w_as. a line, that was %?'- anrich wanted, but were it ruade that would «ot prevent his voting in favor of a railway to Clare. Mr. Bright, in reply to Mr. Heaslip as to taking the amounts supplemented by Go vernment to District Councils and Corpora tions, said that to cease to supplement would be a mistake. Perhaps in giving pound for pound old districts could do with less, but new districts would require the full compliment. Mr. Boswortb. was in favor of the grant continued. It was a good way of getting the roads constructed, and all were bene fitted. Mi1. Bright would like the meeting to ex press an opinion as to the way in which the Land Act was administered. Mr. J. J. Duncan thought were they to express an opinion it might be construed into a want of confidence in the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, whereas he wanted to condemn Parliament for passing the Bill. He suggested that it be put in another form. The Chairman put the following ques tion : — ' Does the meeting approve of the working of the present Land Act ?' liot one held up his hand in favor of it. The *.. question was then put as to whether the meeting disapproved of it, and the electors present showed that they were unanimous in disapproving of the measure. Mr. J. J. Duncan asked the members to give their views as to Bible reading in State schools during school hours. Mr. Bright was in favor of, and had given in his adhesion to it. «* -*. --rvw iv w* iiu .* ua tuau 1U ICbWVJl UL LUG Bible being read in State schools during school hours. Mr. Treloar moved, and Mr. Moreom seconded, a vote of thanks to the members, which was carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the Chairman brought the proceedings to a close. The meeting was very orderly, but there was a '» — lack of enthusiasm. .A man in a Vermont train was heard to / ** gr^an so frightfully that the passengers ? -SM»fc pity on him, and one of them gave him -$, drink out of a whisky-flask. « Do you feel better ?' asked the giver. ' I do ' said he who Lad groaned. ' What ailed you to make you groan so ?' 'Groan! I warsinging !' A storekeeper at Bangabooroo, asked a lady of that classic region to pay an account, of which she said she had his receipted bill. He said not ; so she travelled Lome in the part. 00 mi] PR nr an 4tnA »/if ;-- ' TI-«n *.!,„ went back to the store, and the man said it was all a mistake. A little later, he was lying down on the floor of the shop, with his head on a flour bag and his feet in a herring cask, while the lady performed on Mm with one of bis best brooms. After a bit he got up, and was carrying the cus tomer out of the shop, when his wife {who had been out to milk the cows) turned the corner. He is now a porous-plaster package, full of nothing else but groans and ? explanations. Sleight of hand— Refusing an offer of , marriage. How to Get Sice.— Expose yourself day and nighf, eat too much without exercise, work too hard without rest, doctor all the time, take all the vile nostrums advertised, and then you will want to knoir 