THE CORONATION OF THE CZAR. (From the Pall Mall Gazette, May 25.) All this week the papers have been filled with descriptions of the gorgeous pageants which precede and lead up to the coronation of the Czar. Nearly every morning has revealed to the world some fresh development of the bar- baric magnificence of the ceremonial at Moscow. Never had more picturesque a pageant more picturesque a setting than that which their ancient capital attends to the latest of the Czars. The Kremlin, "with gilded battlements conspicuous for, turrets, and terraces, and glittering spires," in all the vicissitudes of its stirring history, has never looked down upon a more imposing scene, nor could any other building in either continent more aptly symbol forth the character of the empire at once European and Asiatic which owns the sway of, the Czar. Correspondents, deftest in picture-painting by telegraph, have done their utmost to keep the Western world informed of every incident in the stately ceremonial, but not one among the number would hesitate to admit in despair that he had failed to communi- cate the full effect which the prolonged' splendours of the pageant produced upon his own mind, foreigner and alien and unbeliever though he was. How much stronger, then, must be the emotion excited in the minds of Russians, national, patriotic, and orthodox, in the midst of ceremonies appealing at every turn to all that is most glorious in their history and most holy in their faith. But all that has been, is but preparatory to the coronation. That crowning rite which is the most sacred of all will be celebrated on Sunday in the Church of the Assumption, and Alexander III. will be crowned Emperor of All the Russias. A comparative quiet prevails in the Imperial household on the last three days before the coronation. These days, according to the significant Russian custom, the Emperor and Empress spend, in solemn fasting and prayer. The West has almost forgotten how to fast, if not to pray, but every good Russian is strict in the observance of these religious rites, and fasting and prayer are faithfully gone through once a year by all members of the Russian Church. Far from being regarded as a chastisement of the flesh, the fast has rather an enlivening influence on most, who, partly with awe, partly with satisfaction, duly discharge their religious services with strict punctuality. But how different must be the feelings of the sovereign when from the richly coloured picture of to-day he surveys the immediate back- ground of the past, which stands in so strong a contrast, to the busy apparently joyful scene of the process. The dark cloud from which the final thunderbolt leaped on the 13th of March, 1881, has not yet entirely lifted: at any moment it may again overshadow the nation, and the three days of devotion are therefore of double significance within son of Alexander II. The memory of the late Emperor, his father and predecessor, is yet too fresh to have became enveloped in that mist which, growing darker as it stretches into the past, covers the many crimes committed on the Emperors who have swayed the sceptre over Russia. That sceptre has been a heavy one to wield, as many of those who have felt who began their reign full of hope only to find before long that the opposing forces were too strong, and that even autocratic omnipotence is often helpless. With shouts of joy Alexander II. was saluted on the 19th of February, 1880, when St. Petersburg and all Russia celebrated the 25th anniversary of his accession to the throne; and yet at that very time the conspirators were busiest, the terrible blow was almost ready to fall. The sombre reflections of those days of silence, even the expressions of welcome with which he was received on his arrival in Moscow, may fail to dispel. Who knows — nay, who does not know? — but that among that acclaiming multitude they were some who, brooding over imported or real ills, were ready to cause a repetition of the tragedy, only changing the scene from a cold northern winter day at St. Petersburg — the city of palaces — to a May day at the Oriental city of cathedrals" Of all positions in which mortal ever stood, one of the saddest and most tragic is that of the centre of all the brilliant pageantry that has been and is to be; and never had potentate more need for long and serious meditation on the eve of his coronation than has Alexander III. before he ascends in thrones which, despite all precautions, may even now be stuffed with dyna- mite, surrounded by officials some of whom, by their in- capacity, stupidity, and corruption, may render abortive the best and wisest of his plans for the regeneration of his people. Not a gaily caparisoned Asiatic among all the plumed and turbaned cavalcade that swept before the King perial corgete but represents an appreciable additions to the burden of Empire, a serious increase to the numbers of those who in all simple faith regard the great White Czar as the vicegerent of the Almighty, a terrestrial Providence for all Russians. The burden of their trusting confidence in his omnipotence on the part of ninety millions of his fellow- men must be more appalling to the Czar, ever conscious of his own helplessness and the iron limitations of his power, than all the perils that encompass his throne. When the three days of fasting and prayer are drawing to a close there is a religious service in every church, chapel, and monastery of Moscow on Saturday night, when all the three hundred places of worship will be crowded by people praying for their Sovereign, and the Emperor and Empress attend the service at the private chapel of the Petrovsky Palace. A salvo of artillery and the ringing of the church bells early on Sunday morning will announce the beginning of the crowning ceremonial of all. Commanded by a master of ceremonies, 60 heralds in rich attire, mounted on white horses, form the head of the procession, which, starting from the cavalry barracks some miles distant, begins to move slowly through the richly decorated and densely crowded streets towards the Kremlin. Alter the heralds march regiments of cavalry, who in turn are followed by the students of the university, the clergy, the judges, the nobility, the staff-officers, the governors, the several pro- fessions, the profusely, and the deputations from all parts of Russia. Each body joins at its respective quarters, lengthening as it goes the great procession, until when it reaches the Kremlin it becomes of such immense length that long after the first has been stationed in their ap- pointed place, in glittering stream still pours in through the old and massive gate. At the entrance of the Kremlin the Metropolitans of Moscow, Kazan, Novgorod, and Kieffe, met the procession in full ecclesiastical splendour. The deputations from the different parts of the Empire, all in their picturesque national costume, join them, and they proceed to the front of the palace. Here they are met by the Emperor wearing the while uniform of a colonel of the Imperial Guards, and the Empress in a Russian dress, consisting of a cap and vest of black velvet, and a short kaftan, all profusely embroidered with diamonds. The girdle, with its chains and tassels of precious stones, forms the most magnificent part of the rich costume. The Emperor and Empress, walking under a canopy carried by 32 generals, take their place in the procession; they all proceed to the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption, where already the Corps Diplomatique, the members of the Imperial family who are not in the Emperor's suite, the foreign princes, and the ladies of the Court are assembled. The heir apparent, the young Grand Duke Nicholas Alexandrevitch, as yet too young fully to realise the significance of the ceremony, has also taken his place on the right hand of the Imperial throne. Among the thirty-two generals who support the Imperial canopy are most of the distinguished soldiers who have served Russia in recent wars. Skobeleff is no more ; but among those who accompany the Emperor to the cathedral is Gourko, his brilliant comrade in arms, whose prowess in the winter passage of the Balkans is not even obscured by his comparative failure as military commandant of St. Petersburg in the worst days of the Nihilist terror. With Gourko comes Loris Melikoff, the able Armenian, who, after winning the Armenian strongholds for the Czar, was made temporary but supreme Dictator of All the Russias. With them is ignatieff, ablest of Russians, and not the most unscrupulous; and General Tropoff, who, after being selected as the last victim of the Nihilist Camorra, has sur- vived the ballot of Vera Sussulitch to escort a new Sovereign to the Imperial throne. The Cathedral of the Holy Assumption — the same in which the lives of Peter the Great and his mother were saved, when flying from the furious Streltsi — has for more than a century been the Coronation Chapel. Though the smallest of the four historic chapels of the Kremlin, it is beautifully decorated, and through the long narrow windows the light falls on rich old pictures and frescoes, and not a few relics, the enumeration of which sounds oddly in Western ears. Some of these are of great sanctity. In the Church of the Assumption are said to be preserved the portrait of the Virgin Mary, as painted by St. Luke ; the tunic of Jesus Christ, which was brought to Moscow in 1925 by the Ambassador of the Shah of Persia; and a nail of the Cross, presented to Paul I. by the Governor of Kazan. On entering, the Metropolitan of Novgorod blesses the crown, the sceptre, the globe, and the sword of the Empire, sprinkling holy water over them, while clouds of incense rise toward the roof. The Emperor and Empress are received with a short speech by the Metropolitan of Moscow. The Metropolitan of Kieff then presents to them holy water and the cross to kiss. The Sovereigns kneel before the holy relics, and rising from their devotions, they are led to the thrones of Michael Feodorovitch and Alexis Michailovich by the Metropolitan. Under a canopy of scarlet velvet, embroidered in gold, they take their seats, and from the south of the cathedral now advance the nobles, paying homage to their Emperor by placing their drawn swords on his feet. A moment's quiet, and then the Metropolitan of, Kazan asks the Emperor in a loud voice whether he is a true believer. All is hushed, and every word is distinctly heard, when, in answer, the Emperor, kneeling, replies by reading the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. That is the only question that a Czar is asked. In the theory of Russians, the Czar is answerable to Heaven alone. His orthodoxy is all that his subjects have a right to inquire about. If, they say, he does his duty to God, he will not neglect his duty to his subjects. The Metropolitan then turns to all present, and says:— " If there be any of you were, present knowing any impedi- ment for which Alexander, son of Alexander, should not be crowned by the grace of God Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod, Emperor of Kazan; of Astrakhan, of, Poland, of Siberia, of Kherson, Taurida, of Grousi; Gosendar of Poland; Grand Duke of Smolenski, of Lithuania, of Volhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland ; Prince of Esthonia, of Livonis, of Courland, of Semigalea, of the Samoyedes, of Bielostok, of Corelia, of Foer, of Ingor, of Perm, of Vlatka, of Bul- garia, and of other countries; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Countries of Novgorod of Tshernigoff, of Kia- zan, of. Polotsk, of Rostoff, of Jaroslaff, of Bioloserak, of Oudork, of Obdorsk, of Rondisk, of Vitelsk, of Ustilaff, and of all the counties of the North; Master Absolute of lovers, of Ractalnisk, of Kalardinsk, and of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Princess of Tscher- kask; Master of Turkestan; heir presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, of Stormarne, of Bithmarse, und of Oldenburg, let him come forward now, in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever." The long string of titles — so suggestive of the way in which that immense composite, the Russian Empire has been built up out of the ruins of innumerable States — together with the question, is repeated three times, and, it may he expected, meets with no response. No one knowing of any impediment, the priest lays his hand upon the Emperor's head, the ermine mantle is thrown over his shoulders, and the Metropolitan of Moscow says:— "Cover and protect the people as this robe covers and protects thee." The Emperor's answer is "I will. I will, God helping." When the sceptre is placed in the Emperor's hand be himself places the crown on his head. The Empress kneels beside him, he holds his crown for a few seconds above her head, and they bow down in a silent prayer. Then, as they rise, the subjects of the newly-crowned monarch, Metropolitans, clergy, nobles, deputations, and all others present kneel before him ; scouts of "Long live the Emperor!" are heard, first few, then more ; the sound is caught by those without, it is taken up by hundreds and thousands, till it fills the air, while high above the bells ring it out over the seven hills and far into the country, and the deep thunders of the cannon proclaim that once more the vast empire is united under the rule of a single Emperor. When the people, at the Emperor's command, have risen to their feet, the nobles again approach him he gives back the sword to each of them saying, "It is thy country's," the noble replying, " And my Emperor's." The Liturgy being read, the Emperor alone passes into the sanctuary to which, in the Greek Church, no woman is ever ad- mitted — the golden gates clang behind him, and he, who now is also the head of the Church, partakes of the Holy Communion and is anointed on head, temples, eyelids, lips, nostrils, ears, breast, and hands by the the Metropolitan of Moscow, saying, ''Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost, may it keep thee ever holy." Coming out of the sanctu- ary, the Emperor takes off his crown and mantle, and walks with the Empress out of the church. The Imperial Crown, is in the shade of a bishop's mitre, is of great beauty. Four arches of diamonds spring from the circle, in which lie close together precious stones of enormous value. At the top, where the arches meet, a large clear sapphire forms a beautiful contrast, throwing its blue light over all the gems which sparkle around it. The crown of the Empress is smaller, but of the same value and even more beautiful than the Emperor's. The mantles worn at the present coronation are of purple cloth lined with ermine, of great length and in the middle of each a large Imperial eagle spreads out its gold-embroidered wings. As the Emperor and Empress appear at the door of the Cathedral, they are again received with enthusiastic acclamations trim the multitude, all pressing on to see their Emperor before he enters the Imperial chariot. Twelve white horses draw the Emperor's carriage, and round it, instead of a detachment of soldiers, a hundred young girls, daughters of Russian nobles, dressed in white, and carrying wreaths and garlands of flowers, form the guest d'honneur. Then follow twenty-three State carriages brought over from St. Petersburg for the procession. Most of them have been used for the same purpose on former coronations : the carriage of the Emperor Paul is one of the most splendid in Europe; that of Elizabeth, presented to her by Frederick the Great in 1746, is covered with beautiful paintings. They certainly present a gorgeous appearance, especially when drawn by fine horses, whose harness is in harmony with the glittering splendour of the cortege; but concerning their comfort it must be remembered that long years, perhaps centuries, ago carriage makers were less enlightened than to-day, and in their art were yet many secrets which have only lately been disclosed. Members of the Imperial family and dis- tinguished guests enjoy the privilege of occupying these ancient vehicles during the procession, and when all have taken their places the cortege, now far more grand and splendid than before, forms again and slowly leaves the Kremlin, outside which dense crowds have been patiently waiting. The like of the scene that will be witnessed in Moscow on Sunday when the great procession leaves the Kremlin will probably never be again witnessed in Europe. Variety is never wanting in a town the domes and cupolas of whose churches vie with each other in the richness and diversity of their hues, but now each single house is converted into a bright-coloured picture. Though triumphal arches and under waving banners and flags of all nations, the train moves on, passing alike the princesse the wealthy, gay with Eastern carpets and bright beds of spring flowers, and the wooden hut of the poor moujik, who has planted in front of his humble house his favourite tree, is slender birch, much hangs on it ribbons, red, blue, and white, in honour of his beloved "batusaka Czar." Everywhere the enormous throng surrenders itself to enthusiastic rejoicing; no trace of the anxiety with which this day has been expected remains; the boils, the cannons, and above all the music — at the sound of which every true Russian becomes inspired with enthusiasm — have banished all thoughts of care and trouble, and the multitude surrenders himself to the impulse of this hour. After returning to the Kremlin, the Emperor and Empress will dine in Granovitaia Palata, which room has been especially restored for the occasion. The throne is modelled after the so-called throne of Monomachus in the Cathedral of the Assumption, and the whole room is magnificently decorated with cloth of gold and velvet, on which are worked the Imperial eagle and the coats of arms of Moscow. A beautiful carpet, at which the nuns of the Vossnessinia Convent have been working for long time, and which has only lately been completed, covers the floor. Their Majesties dine at a table apart, Princes and Princesses in the next room, called the Tatnik, or secret room, from which, through an old window, can be seen the Imperial throne. The soldiers and people are not forgotten ; to 15,600 of the former a dinner will be given in one of the suburban parks, and to the latter 640,000 bottles of beer and 900,000 pies will be distributed at h85 circular counters near the theatres and other public places of amusement. At Moscow the nights in May are shorter than in Western Europe, and the illumination will on account of this commence at a rather late hour. The preparations are all complete; the floral decorations of the palaces and larger buildings of Moscow show signs that among them are hidden means to make the fronts a blaze of flight. The palace of the Governor-General is decorated with especial taste. It is covered with garlands of sweet fir-leaves, reaching down from the windows to the ground, forming a green frame to the ten-feet high letters " A " and " M " in rosebuds. Hundreds of coloured lamps will at night give a strange, fairy-like appearance to the facade and verandah which, covered with fir boughs and flowers, is changed into a shady grove. The initials of the Emperor's and Empress' name are to be met with every- where, now in dark velvet on a gold ground, surrounded by a wreath of light ; again with, 'the Imperial crown above them, composed of of chains of pearl-like gas flames. The barracks at Moscow and St. Petersburg will also be brilliantly illuminated at the cost of 100,000 roubles. But the most magnificent part of the illumination will be at the Kremlin, the walls and towers of which are lighted up by coloured lamps, while the out- lines of the towers of the Assumption and John the Great are drawn against the background of the sky in fiery lines by 3300 Edison lights ; and four electric suns, each of the power of 40,000 candles, pour their dazzling light from the four turrets of the outer walls. The old city in the heart of Russia has seen many illuminations in its time, each successive one more brilliant than the former, except perhaps that in the coronation of Alexander II., which is said to have been a failure ; but in neither rain nor any other unforeseen hindrance interfere, the illumination on Sunday next and the two following days will outshine all that have gone before, for this year, for the first time, has electricity been at the service of the Czars. 