€liilfttffl f 6 Column, COUSIN TOM'S WEDDING. BR MATTHKW WHITE, JUN. (From Harper 1 * Young PeopU,\ It was to be is toe church, with maaic and flowers, and my brother Claude and I were to walk up the middle aisle and lead tbe procesaioD. " Now you must both put on your best behaviour," said mother, after we had wor ried ourselves into our ne»v clothes on the all-important night; then she kissed us just as if we'd been going to bed, and sent as off to the church an hoar before the time. We found the sexton just opening the doors, and he let us go round with him. while he lighted up, and then 1 proposed that we should fitond outside and watch the people come. " I wonder if Coosin Tom feels nervous,' said Claude, aa we walked down the steps under the awning. "I shouldn't think ne would, though, for you know doctors— But I say, liert, what e the matter down the street there ? See all that crowd ? Let's ruu and find out" " Come oq," I cried ; " I'll boat you there," and forgetting all about our good olothes and " best behaviour/ 1 we both started off down the block. 41 Oh, somebody's been run over, or something ! 1 exclaimed, as I won the race and foufld a lot of people bending over the form of a man lying on tie grass in front of the Baptist Church. We both stood still for a minute, and I was trying to" listen to what a gentleman next to me was telling a policeman, when Claude pulled me by the sleeve and whispered that it might be the very ease Cousin Tom, who had just graduated at the Medical School, was waiting for. "Let's tell himAoout it !"I cried. 'Quick, l>efore they get somebody else and then we both tore off to his lodgings,, around the comer, and pulled the bell as if tbe house was afire. I tell you, tbe girl came to the door in a hurry, oud without waiting for her to announce us we bolted upstairs to Cousin Toiu's room, and rushed in to find him just putting on his white satin necktie. "Oh, do come quick !" we both fairly shouted. " Such a" "Why, boys, what's the matter?" he exclaimed] malting a muddle of his cravat. " Has Alice fainted, or the dressmaker forgotten 4i to sond her dress home, or what?" No, no," cried Claude. "There's a man hurt, 44 anil an awful crowd, and" (^uicli, how far from here V interrupted Cou∈ Tom, leaving the two ends of his tie hanging, and snatching his pea-jacket, " J can spare just twenty minutes." *' VV liy, it's onlv around the corner, in front of the Baptist Church," 1 replied, dancing around the room in great excitement, ana then we all three raced oft'. "Where is he, boys?" cried Cousin Tom. and Claude pointed inside the railmg that ran in front of the Church, and against which, strange to £ay, nobody was leaning. Then, Dot waiting to hunt up the gate, our cousin, who waa a great strapping fellow, shouldered bis way through the crowd, and without paying any attention to the efforts some of the people made to hold him back, he placed his bauds on the top iailof the fencc to vault over. The next instant he gave a spring backward instead of forward, and full against Claude, who of course fell against me, and we all three went down one after another like a row of bricks, while the people set up such a yell that you might have thought they hod all turned into wild Indians on the warpath. Being Iwys, and quite used to hard knocks, neither Claude nor I was hurt, and we sprang up os lively as ever when Cousin Tom was lifted off of us. But there was not much spring about him, and we were awfully frightened when we found that he couldo t ThetTthey explained the whole thing to us, which was something like this—there was an electric light in front of the store next the Church, and in some way the stuff—the electric fluid, or whatever it is—had got off the track, or the wiies, and run into the fence, and so whoever touched it got a most 1 tremendous stock. That was what WAS the matter with the man inside, and the crowd had tried to warn Coosin Tom, but he was too excited about getting an interesting ease to listen. II Oh, if he's killed, it's all our fault foi telling him about -it J" moaned Claude. " And he was going to be married in half an hour," I added, despairingly. " And Miss Lord '11 be in tbe Church waiting for him, and when he don't come she may have a fit or aomething, and oh, Claude, how can we tell her F v . , . _ . _ By this time they had picked Cousin Tom up and carried him into a drug store a few doors oft They told as he was only stunned, and would probably be able to Bit up in the course of half an hour. As he hadn't lived lu town a week yet, nobody in the crowd knew who he was, and so the burden of carrying the dreadful news to the wedding party fell upon Claude and me. " It's five minutes to eight now, announced my brother, nervously, as having left word with the druggist that we would soon be back with friends and a carriage, we harried off to the Episoopal Church. "Cousin Tom was to be in the vestry by this time, and, oh my 1 won't it be awtul to have Miss Lord walk op the aisle on her father's arm, and then find nobody to marry her?" 44 But, Claude," I projposod, a bright idea suddenly striking me, 44 U we can only get to the Church soon enough to see her drive up, we can tell her then, and have the coachman keep right on to tbe drag Btore." "The very thing!" cried Claude. " Let s run for U." . And run we did, but, alas I arrived at tbe Church just in time to see the bride's carriage drive away from tbe awning—empty. We oould bear the organ playing and the people whispering that the procession would soon begin to move toward tne altar. "Oh, why don't they make sure Cousin Tom's here first f I exclaimed, in a whisper. 14 Perhaps they will," returned Claude. " At any rate they ought to wait for us to lead on; but, stop, I've got a plan, and though it's a kind m desperate one, it'll save Miss Lord having a scene before everybody. I'll"—and he spoke the rest very softly in my ear. ,4 Why, Claude, dare you ?" I cried, under my breath. " And do you know how to io itf' 11 Yea, I noticed the place when we were in here with the sexton. Now do you think you can get up close to MiBS Lord before I count twenty slowly 7" I nodded and hurried into tbe Church, leaving Claude to take up his station in a dark corner of the vestibule. The procession was evidently <.vaiting for us, and as fast aa I oould I squeezed a way through the crowd to take my place in front of the bride. She smiled when she caught sight of me, and put out her hand. Then just u I took it every tight in the Church went out. and I knew Claude had succeeded i& his plan of turniag off the gas. "Don't be frightened. Miss Lord," I whispered, still peeping hold of her hand, °"but come out with me to the carriage, because Cousin Tom's hurt, but not Very bad, only he can't stand ap long enough to be married yet, and But I'll take you to bim right away." Well, she didn't scream nor toy she was going, to faint, but just held on ttfiny hand tight; and let me lead her out inthe dark. We found Claude on the sidewalk* .holding the door of the carriage open.; and prderiag the coachman (who lookea as if he thought we were eloping with tbe: bride) to. drive to the drug store. We all tbto* g6t in.'and were off before the people in-the Church had a chance to think of anything else bat the darkness into which they had so suddenly beeu plunged. 41 But- but did the electric Quid put out the tights in Church r asked Miss Lend, after we had explained to het" about Cousin Tom's shock. . _ "Oh do; I turned off the gaa/'eaid Claude, promptly. "Don't you tbinkit was a good way to keep i>eople from swng at you and gossiping when they found the groom did nt come 44 ?" Yes. I see now, and I am wire I am very much i bliged for your thoughtful neris; but « hat« Ul papa and mamma think haa beoome of me? . „ , " That's so!" I exclaimed. " Wefoigot^l about that part of it. Stop the carriage, and HI run backwhich I aid, and found tbe Churoh lighted up again, a bigger crowd than ever inside, and Mr. and Mrs. Lord rushing abont in every direction in searoh of their daughter. I was a little frightened at first, but remembering how much the bride had been ed by our plan, I walked boldly up to r" distracted parents," and began to explain the whole thing. This took some time, but I told tbe story as quick as I could, and 1 had scarcely finished when back oame the carriage with Cousin Tom and Miss Lord both in it. I juirped as if I had seen a ghost, and indeed Tom looked like one, but declared that he was every bit strong enough to go through with the ceremony. Miss Lord was already in her mother's arms, and I was awfully afraid we'd have a scene, after all, but luckily everybody thought it waa because the gas liad gone out, ana in ten minutes they were safely married, and nobody out of the family the wiser. 