^?ortrn and trifles. VANISHED HOURS. Wbebe are they pone, those dear dead days, Those sweet past days of long ago. Whose ghosts po floating to *n& fro When evening Iwirt' up thnmcb be *TiTTn * Where are they cone T All ! who can tell » Wno weave once more that long- passed gpdL They did exist when we were young. We met oar life with tjtren^th. and trust. We deemed all thins* were pore and joat, Nor knew life had a doable toneae. We lightly sang a. hAppy song, Nor dreamed our way could e're be wrong. And then aU changed ; aa lite went by, Tbe friend deceived, or bitter death Smiled as she drank -mr dear one's breath. And n-onld not let as aJfw die. Da? followed day ; as on they west Each cook some gift that life had aent. Yet it was ours, that perfect past ? We did have days that knew not pain, Ve once had friends death ►'»-* not ta/en, Were oars in that ble-tsed time. When eartfi seemed Heaven's enchanted dime. And bo I think, when lights barn low. And all the house is fast asleap. From oat a tdlenee past and deep These dear dead da?B we worshipped so Breathe on us from their hidden store Their lone-lost peace, their faith once more. God keep those pood old tunes : ah me ! Bevoad oar vision tbey may rest TO) on some perfect day and blest Once more those dear dead days wiD be. For death, who tot all, may restore The past we lored, to ns once more. A wire should be like roast lamb— tender and nicely-dressed. No sauce required. A vrou&N; is not fit to hare a baby who doesn't know how to hold it ; and this it as true of a. tongue aa ot i baby. ' TttE.SE apples are not fit for a hog to eat.' said a kid gloved dandy to an apple woman. * You just try one and see,*' she retorted. Whes tbe teacher asked— * What people lived the longest ?' a little fellow at the foot of the class promptly epoke up—' Barnum's giants.1 Ix tbe reign of Charles L a Mayor of iTorwicfa actually sent a fellow to prisou for saying that the Prince of Wales was born without a thiH. Lord Ebsetce, when told of one who died worth two hundred thousand pounda, replied, ' What a handsome sum to begin the next world with !' Old Mrs. Daraley is a pattern of house hold economy. She says she has made a pair of socks to laat fifteen years by only knitting new feet to them every winter, and new legs every other winter. A veteran was relating his exploits to a crowd of boys, and mentioned having been in five engagements. * That is nothing,1 broke in a little fellow. ' My eister Sarahe been engaged eleven times.1 Noble customer (pompously }— Mr — ah ! Mr. Tenderloin, my cook says yon give me very short weight for my money. Mr Tenderloin (testify)— ThatTwill balance the long wait you The deacon's son was telling the minister about the bees stinging his pa, and the minister asked — ' Stung your pa, did they? Well, what did your pa say ?' ' Step this way a moment,' said the boy, 'td rather whisper it to you.' respecting their husbands. Mrs. Spiun was ever telling her husband that he wasn't worth the salt in his bread, bnt when he got killed in a railway collision she sued the company for a thousand pounds. A GEXTLEXAX having occasion to call on Mr. Joseph G ? a, writer, found him at home is his writing chamber. He remarked the great heat of the apartment, and said. * It was as hot as an oven. * bo it ought to be.' replied Mr G., ' for 'tis here I male my bread.1 A Scotch minister was one* busy catechis ios, his young parishioners oefore his con grecation, when he pnt the first question to a stout girl whose father kept a public-house. *' What is your name ?' No reply. The qnes tion havinp been repeated, tbe girl replied, ' Kane o? yer fun, air. Minister ; ye^ken my name well enoch. D'ye no say when ye come to oar hunse on a night, * Bet, bring me A praooos was tried in. Duhlia*Dr desertion, and for carrying off his horse and accoutre ments at the same time. When on hie trial, an officer asked him what could induce him to take his horse away. To which Pat promptly replied — 'He ran away with me, your honour.* ' Bnt what,' said the officer. ' did you do with the money you cot for him ?' 'That, plase your honour,1 said the fellow, with the utmost indifference, 'ran away too.' One of the wealthiest farmers on the Connecticut tells the following story :— 1 When I first came to settle, about forty rears ago, I told my wife I meant to be rich ; all 6be wanted was enough to make her 'comfortable.' I went to work and cleared mv land. IVe worked hard ever since, and have to be rich — as rich as I want to be. Most of my children hare settled about me, and they all have eood farms. But my wife isn't ** comfortable' yet.' Religion stipe through some people's lingers as rapidly as iU-gotten money. An old Scotch minister told his congregation tbe truth when he said :—' Brethren, yon come to church every Sabbath, and! lave you all over with tbe Gospel water, and I pour it upon yon until you are almost drowned witb it ; but you just pang aw*' hame and eft down by your fireside, gie your wings a bit o' a flap, ud you are jost as dry as ever again.' 