SOUTH CAROLINA. Boforo tho war thoro wero statolv days and merry days in thoao Bno roomy old mansions whoso ornato fronts, showing over tho low trees that stud tho es planade pleasuro grountl, still confront tho cool At lantic brcozos that blow athwart tho fair wators of Charleston Harbour. These wore tho days of bollos and balls in tlio beautiful capital of South Carolina; of incomparablo Madeira Bervod at tho tablos of liors. Theoarliost ond bitterest of till tho seceding Statos was South Carolina, ller capital was block aded for years, bombarded onco aud again, ruined up to tho vory hilt, Tho old families, whoso wealth lay in colton and sl'avo3, woro brokon utterly financially, but tlio mon of thorn did not live to know the pinch of povo ty. No, they woro true to tho gallant blood tlmt flowed in their veins; from tho old man of 60 to tho lads of 15, thoy died for tho cause; it was all that thoy could do. But, ah I for tho women, tho ladies whoso laugh had been gayost, whoso sparklo had boon most winsomo. Tho iron ground itsolf into their souls. They knew hunger, and squalor, and wretchedness unuttorable. They lived on in tho gorrcts of tho great mansions bocamo these wero un salable; oven torday you may buy ono of them for tho price of a Pitt-street store. And now, when alt tho world has beon oliangjng, and is chanced around Charleston, when cotton mills whirr, and ships go and come, and cargoes of wealth-bringing pyritesaro carried away lo sea past tho criir shattered ruin of the historic Fort Sumler, tho old uristocraoy of tho South Carolinian cupitul Btand alorit from tho now ordor of things. I know families whoso women earn a pittance by eeamstross work, so that tho man of the family who cannot dig and ii ashamed to beg, al though ho lets himself do a moro shamoful thing, may walk down to the club in fair r limcnt, and have llio whorowithal to ask the room to join him in a drink, according to a custom which io not confined to Australia. Charleston lives in tho doid past; it chews the niolancholy cud of tlio great .robollion. Let a elub coi.verBation bogin whoro 'it will, it in evitably drifts into ncollefltions of that fierce lime. Tho stranger lindB himself hero standing, os. it wore, iu a graveyard of mon wlio are not dead, but who ? ? ?' 5J liavo coiMod roilly to hvo si'iM'TiVii s:iiven.lar ak i;j Appomatox O.iurtli'i'H i. L' tu ru ilitioi got oruihed | into his uou9oiounie.is .v.ta a jIimi.i drnnilio florae- 4 Hess. I rom JII. '-(»?. onco a I venturing an opinion in s! regard to tho vexed quosliin of'tlie b irnin^ of Co- p, lumhiii. ' On the biiaiioe of circumstantial ovi- | donee,' said I, 'it sawn iiu;ik'ly Mint S'isrinan f- burnt Columbia intuition illy. If) it s- bill and outspokon, tlmt 1 ciinnot sij why lial lie dono so, 8 ho should not li ivo owne I 1 1 it, an I jmtifi.i I it as a S military nooessity. Wliy sluii'd 1m lie nbjut Uoluin- | bia any moro th in about Atlanta.' 1 ' Cireuinstantial evirloiiO'i be ? --I' said a | dark m iti, .w)ir-.» l.tv H uliml ns lie apoko. ' What | does liia! ciUMt aiJ.ii.Mj: p';'«iii'il proof? I was tho S last man of Wi.lii/11 unpto i'.i ro.irjiurd lhatovacu- | ated Columbia' as Sliorinun entered; and I swoar fi before God there was nospirkol lire iu any balo i of cotton as I rode out betweon tho tiers atackod in 8 the streot!' , g , : ' Ami I, sir,' said another man, whoso eyo was 1 glowing liko a live coal— ' I, thon a boy of twolve, p was standin-i behind Sim-nun wlwn lio bado tho » biiElor givo the nignil for tlio liro r.iisers lo got to I work:i 'Now'we'll;liavo a bonfire I' were the words I housed. I defy him lo look mo in tho faco and say yj lie didn't burn Columbia i' Ej Andsoon, and s i on. 'Uhoy d- njt plot, those R pooplc;' thev simply sin inlder nno.iily. It is tho | saddest ghost of a ' lost ' o uiso.' A Polos hopes I ogainst hopr; the Charleston ox ooufolerato notio- lly B has no liopo, but no wish; Uo Ims accepted thosilu- 1 iition, only ho camut live up to it Tho present fi gonoritioii must piss aw.iy boforo Oil irleston takes -f to tho now order, of tiling'. VJoauwhilo they visit & economioally, thoso ghostly pjoplo ; thoy aro boiuti- W fully hospitable lo tin Brilisli stranger, with a proud [?v apology for tho res aiig'iista domi. I'lioro is still a ij driblot ol the olii Madeira lolt, itn.l 1 kno.v no placo : ill the world riolior in old china, old silver, and J p'ioolos3 bric-u-bmo. Uat yo i canu.it buy these j nil hough you nny llnd people all but actually huu- ! g y among thorn. — Archibald Forbes. i 