THE BOHEMIAN. The reason that I have written so little of late is not tb&t; I am Honorary Secretary t) the Social Organization Amendment Company. The 6.0. A.C. does not occupy so very much time, and the duties of the place are much facilitated by the office boy Tommy, who takes down from dictation on his alato the voluminous memoranda of the Company, while bis everlasting lump of barley sugar rolls eternal in his cheek, apparently as undiminished a£ the stone of Sisyphat. No; it is not the more serious affairs of life that interrupt the movements of the pen, bnt the far more engrossing Bohemian distractions, such as those which I have lately suffered at the hands of Lagerbier. Portly, sleek, smiling, and rotund, he has proved a snare to me and others. Wearied with the repetitive rigmaroles of the 8.0. A. C., with throwing the round ruler at Tommy, and with excluding the unmusical sounds emanating from the literary pretenders across tlio passage, I seek in the afternoon the solace of the King William-Btreet Literary Club, where, though the aromatic berry of Ceylon is held in feeble solution in tepid water, and the eoooa enp can only be stirred by the young and the athletic, I cm allowed by the tender guardians of the place to sooth the ensuing indigestion by inhaling the moense which solaces the great red race of America. There —I mean at the Club, not in America—I glean much delight from the oompany of the other young men, who profesB to obtain thore a temporary relaxation from what they pretend arc the labours of the day. In these momenta of lassitude Lagerbier has come down u}>on us. He has found us enfeebled, like the inhabitants of imperial Italy, by the toils and cares of a complex civilization, and lie has descended upon us like a northern barbarian ruehinp, bold and ranacious, from hia transalpine wilde. J le has done it too often. But at length wc have atiiicascfl him and occupied his mind. lien he first came down on us he announced himself as an enquirer into spiritual phenomena, and as one who, having enquired, f«'lt it his duty to mankind to lay l>cfore them the result of his enquiries, and to Bet them enquiring too. The phenomena in question were those which established the capacity of certain spirits of departed human beings to become for a time wholly or nartially unibodicd, and, whether embodied or not, to act u]>on matter by moving it, writing upon it, &.c. He had spent yearr, he said,in investigating these phenomena much to the neglect of his temj>oral fortune, and he now felt bound, for the good of mankind, to lay the results before them, and invite them to satisfy themselves by similar experiments, and to arrive at the same conclusions. I asked him why he felt this duty incumbent on him. He eaid it was to satisfy mankind of the immortality of the soul ana lead them to a higher life, and in particular to stay the tide of Nihilism which founded its revolutionary crecd on the doctrine that man did not live after the death of his earthly body. To anticijuite any lengthened unfulding of his views, I then told him that, having read my Biblo, I was well convinced of the immortality of the soul, of the occasional appearance of siiirits, and of their having acted on material substances ; and that no experiments were needed for my satisfaction on those heads, or to guard me from revolutionary doctrines founded upon the contrary conclusion. The Wesleyan, the Sloth, and the Orator, each in his own way, deprecated any further laborious proof of doctrines so well established. In short, we all endeavoured to soothe thij apostle; but it was in rain. Feeling that his expori ments, when descril>ed in general terms, and his objects, when stated in the abstract, failed to excite attention^ his knowledge of human nature prompted nim to endeavour to interest us by an account of strange phenomena in detail. And he prooeeded to narrate, among other things, bow that, in the presence of a medium and a few friends, he had induced the spirit of a oourtly lady, by an equally courtly ruse, to uncover her blue-veined hand and leave her glove behind her—a glove which, though for a while tangible and kidlikc, disappeared in a few hours as mysteriously as it came. He brought tears into our eyes by a story of the spirit of a conscientious convey an oer and equity draftsman, who, on being reminded that immediately before he quitted the earthly body his clerk had received a guioea for a short conveyance which had never been drawn, was induced to sit do AH to a table furnishoQ with a supitly of draft-iiaper, and in the course of about twenty-five seconds knock off a Bhort instrument of ten folios, being a release from one joint tenant to anothei of a dwelling-house and messuage in Alderman bury in fee-simple. The names of the parties and the consideration were exact, the recitals brief but accurate, the operative part sufficient to carry a county, and the covenants in the ordinary form. \ ou could have heard a pin drop, Lagerbier said, as the ghostly pen went scratching away in the darkness, and when the draft was finished and endorsed with the attorney's name and the receipt of the fee. and the lights were lighted, an ex- Chancellor fltood appalled at the length of the spirit's legal memory, and the attorney Dronounced the work complete, but lamented having fee'd another gentleman in the meanwhile. Lagerbier told several other stories of a iike sort, and preluded cach of them by a description of the measures taken to present the possibility of deccptiou. Some of us praised the ingenuity of the experiments, but, at the same time, pointed out that they could add nothing to the ordinary Christian belief on the subject of the spirits of men being immortal and sometimes being allowed to appear, and that while the precautions against aereption were laudable they were to a fjreat extent unnecessary, as it would be easier to believe in the ehofct than in the deception. We thought this at least uould appease him; but some body unfortunately added the carollary that the voluntary raising of ghosts was a kind of necromancy, and that ghosts wero cutitled to live undi8tur1>c(l by men as men hoped to live undisturbed by ghosts. This started Lagerbier again iuto a further series of aile- | gations confused with theories, and these provoked the Camel tc announce himself an unbeliever iu "the whole coucorn," while practically judiflcrcnt as to. whether it was true or false. Wc thought this a favourable opportunity for turning Lagerbier on to the Camel, anil did our l>est but failed. l)ay after day did Lagerbier preach on, and day after day (fid wc appeal to him, pointing out that, having admitted all his tenets, there was no reason why we should follow liis experiments, and a^ain and a^ain >ve despairingly referred him to the Camel; but all in \aiu. On he went, like the mountain torrent, and we were like the shepherd waiting to cross till all the water had gone l>y. Our daily thirty minutes of dissipation wc re fust becoming a daily pain, and ominous inquiries began to be whispered about shifting the Club to another place, when, in a moment of inspiration, Lagerbier fastened uiion me. Having admitted so much as I bad, he said, I must havo had aoine spiritualistic exjkcricnces myself. Silly fellow ! not to have seen long a^o that this was the weak ]>oint,and to have trotted ui all out and sat silent himself. 1'hat is what 1 should do if I were an apostle. I was far too honest to evade the question for a niuuieut, and frnokly acknowledged to having attended a ndnncc, which furnished the most striking results. Would I kiodly eonimuuiv-ato my experiences, Lagerbier atked. Heaving a sigh, I said nothing would give mc greater satisfaetion, though the rc- Bult, as far as I woe concerned, was most jiainfuL The Wesleyan flun^ away his iie\vspa]>er ; the iSIotb wiped his epectaclcs : the Orator assumed the unwonted attitude of a listener ; the Cynic reduced his familiar sneer within the compass of politeness, and all shifted their scats so as to view the narrator ap. with a tone of pardonable melancholy, I told the story of THE AI>MITUL AND THE CHEESE. It was in a couutry town on the English border that, after our College dayB were done I resumed my former intimacy with my friend Owen Tudor, a gentleman, a scholar, a large squire and a )>oet, and—as his name indicates—a Welshman. He had inherited the broad acres and stately mansion of bis uncle, the famous Admiral Wade, one of Nelson's heroes, and whose portrait, with his blue coat, whito facings and wooden log, hangs over many a hearth and decorates many a Bipnboard in that i>art of the border. This inheritance served to enhance the attachment which Tuaor, who woe an orphan, had from infancy felt for his unclc'** memory, and, though it t-cems harsh to K^Y 6J, the young man's a/lection for the n;»i:ie of his noted relative Mas so strong as to be almost morbid. Neglecting many of the practical duties of his life, Tudor allowed the best hours of his leisure to l>e consumed in i"!li- ctiug anecdotes, manuscripts, aud in< mentor of the gallant Admiral, aud R|<ciit a guod deal of money on the marble statue of th>' decc;ised worthy, which decornus the ei-utro of the market town. Just befure my arrival at that town Tudor bad fallen in with a gsig c f spiritualists who Lnfebted the neighbourhood. [Here L%gevbier mutton il ;.u '.uipiecation ou me, but I ccotinuid at the lequcst of the Camel an the C.'j l ie. | Having heard their dootriuus in.d theorit s. Tudor conceived the idea that i! lie Aomiral 1. ved him as he loved the * jAtiinu;!I. tiic* Jatli r would take advantage of iir >i ii t i-inle and appear to lite nephew, 'J! < i < •> < re n fi-w interesting historical deli. le, 'J i roi fcaid, which the interview mignt help to elucidate; and he aeked my advioe on the subject and, ultimately, my concurrence at the iia.net. I do not wish to intrude my views on these meetings, and it will be enough to say that, though in the main advene to them, I consented, under the special circumstanoes, to be present on this occasion In consideration of a distinct promise from Tador that, if he was satisfied that the Admiral appeared at all, Tudor would never join a spirit circle again. Alas I I little knew now superfluous was the undertaking whuh I demanded. To ensure the sucoess of the experiment, I trade tfae acquaintance of the circle with a view of arranging a conclusive test. Now the Adaaral, like many another naval hero, had a wooden leg, and, like every -ether Welshman, was fond of cheese. Founding ourselves upon these data, we constructed an enormous wooden mouse-trap, aboat nine feet long, and three and a half high. The spring was powerful; the lid shut down with a hideous bang, and, as for the trap -itself, which had been the task of a superior 'workman, paid at double wages, it readhed a nicety and exactitude quite unattainable in the instruments used for the diminution of domestic rodents. The impact of the lightest feather would set free the powerful spring, and bring down the ponderous gate with the voice of tnunder. The evening came. The trap was baited with two pounds of choioe double Gloucester; Owen Tudor drove up in his barouche, with four greys and postillions ; the arrangements were briefly explained to him in general terms; the lights were turned down, the company seated, and the stance began. The table was oval. I sat between the doctor, who was our host, and the shoemaker ; while on theother side sat Owen Tudor, in a state of subdued excitement, between the schoolmaster and an itinerant politioal agitator. The tible soon began to rock violently, and a succession of loud raps seemed to tnreaten its destruction. "Is there any spirits present?" aeked the shoemaker. The salvo of raps was related. 1 Will you spell jour name?' 4 " A-d m i-r-a-l W a-d c" was the answer, given with a violence and an impatienco which threatened to break down the customary telegraphic arrangements. It was an exciting moment. There was just enough light to enable me to see the agitation of poor Tudor. " Do you still retain the tastes and habits of yonr earthly lifeasked the shoemaker. Loud rapping demonstrations announced the—to us—joyful news that the Admiral did, and, wonderful to say—I dare not demand belief of any one who has not enjoyed similar experience—we heard the alternate scum pings of the wooden and the sound leg as the Admiral walked from the end of the room jiast the table—Tudor and the political agitator swear that he touched them—towards the cheese ! "Bang!" went the mouse-trapdoor witha fearful detonation—the shoemaker stakes his honour that be saw the Admiral in the trap—the lights were turned up and the trap examined. The cheese had been removed from the stage of the trap, and the rind teas peeled off as with a knife ! The Admiral was gone. It was now we discovered for the first time that poor Tudor had fainted, but we soon restored him; when alas! the doctor, who had the misfortune to be both an Englishman and a wag. passed round the flowing bowl, and, after we had drunk in silence to " our departed friend," the doctor, with a view of raising Tudor's spirits, began to carol forth a border ballad,— Taffy is a Welshman, e soul was ill at ease; 9 to my house Taffy To steal a bit of cheese. The result, however, did not oorrespond to the intention. Moody and silent, Owen Tudor saluted the company, and returned in bis ooach and four to Wade Hall. He kept his promise, never again to attend a spirit elaftee, and he did more, for be never a^ain spoke to me. And thus one of the most promising of my youthful friendships has been wrecked upon the rock of spirit test stances. Can yon wonder that I discountenance them now r" Amid the warm applause of my other colleagues of the Club, 1 felt my hand grasped in the manly palm of the northern barbarian. Lagerbier ana 1 were friends again. Ue recognised me as a fellow-worker in spirit apostleship, and showed me a photograph of a friend who was attended by the -epirit of his uncle. The friend wcut to have his photograph takem and the uncle's spirit, partially embodied, stood by his side ana a little to the front, and was photographed with him. It certainly was very striking: but, in answer to a qaestion as to what I thought of it, I said, in an unguarded moment, that the presen9e of the spirit seemed to me an "unwarrantable intrusion." Lagerbier's eyes flashod Are, and the rest of the Club began to tremble. " How do you dare/' asked Lagerbier, " to call Buch a mark of anection by such a name?" " Pardon me," I answered ; " I am not unreasonable. That man weut to have his own portrait taken, and fpaid for that and nothing more. There was no bargain that anybody else should be taken with nim, and so the grandmother's intrusion may be taken as a fraud on the artist; but, quite apart from that, if the sitter himself had desired his carnal resemblance to be associated with the form of any epirit, he would have chosen his own spirit for the position. The purpose of identification and the aspirations of honour and of self-love would all of them be better served by such an association." " But surely," asked the Sloth, " no living man has a spirit that can be photographed ? It is probably the esprit de corps," eaid the Cynic. " Quite a Jew (TeJtpritadded the Camel, with an offensively English accent. "A1y friend." exclaimed Lagerbier, standing up and aadrossing me: "you are right. Every man has his spirit wnich is capable of distinct perceptioot contemporaneous vr^th the api>carance of his body. It is habitually separate and often quite distinct from the entranced and from the sleeping human being and shows itself to remote eyes which cannot sec him, and, even when he is not in either of those states, the spirit is often visible to the eye of the gifted medium, andsometimes envirous and sometimes stands apart from the body. Yes, indeed, it is ugrand idea. I welcome you as a co apostle in the great work, and as deserving to be banded down to posterity as the author of a new departure in spiritual science. I honour, I embrace you ; and I will con lin cm orate this white day, this landmark in the >-ra of light and truth, bv taking the photograph of every uiember of this Club, toj.ether with his spirit, if present and visibk." As Lagerbier and 1 once more shoott hands a loud applause grcrted the gcuerous oiler, and all seemed profoundly moved. The Cajiel cold bloodidlv suggested a written contract. "Let us have one!" shouted Lagerbier; 4 1 1 will ever wear it next my heart as iny proudest patent of nohilitv." "Then there will have to be a counterpart," growled the Sloth. " You have been in a lawyer'c office," said the Wesleyan, :. Mi casing the Sloth, " suppose you draw it up The Sloth took pens endpaper. u What shall I put down ?" ne asked, looking vaguely round the room, amid a roar of laughter. "l'ut down this," I said. " I agorhier agrees to cause to be photographed separately, in cabinet si/.e, each of the undersigned together with his spirit if visible aud present, and any ghosts accotnpauying or belouging to him at the price of " " Stop,'' said the Sloth. " The description of the jiarcels is most defective, and requires jjreat nicety of drafting. Allow me—" belonging to him or u6ualty or of right enjoyed witn himas incorporeal hereditaments aud whether conspicuous and ap(>arcnt or not and whether atUnduiitj appurtenant, or in gross." * 4 What's the meaning of that gibberish V! asked the Cynic, u ith a look that would have killed any out the Sloth. Here the Sloth altered into an explanation, u hich lasted thr<-e quajtm-eof an hour, ou tho luw of inci<r]>oii'ii] heriditauients, whkh Eeenied to me to have to do with turves, ferries, dukew, fish, clergymeu, midstreams, and a lot of things having no mutual connection in the mind of auy mi.n who has not prostituted his intellect to the soulmuddling study of the law; after which the Sloth plaoidly proceeded with the contract, mumbling as he wrote— 1 * whether lying in grant or prescription or not lying at all" (here lagerbier showed signs of offence, but we held him down) " at the prioe of shillings i*er head for each of the undersigned together with his respective appurtenances aforesaid, if any : Provided that each of the undersigned may waive or disclaim any of his appurtenances aforesaid, and require the same to be erased from the photograph." The contract was read out in its cwriivty and, after the Sloth had rejected, amid \o.-i ferous cheers, a few literary eruen«latious pn» P< " «L by the Wetleyan, the document WAS s-giicd by Lagerbier, the Sloih. the Orator, the Smuggler (a new member], the Cynic, the Canitd. the Wesleyan, and tne Bohemian. This is how wo appeased lAgurbier and occupied his mind. "There was nothing mean about him. Charles." she Raid aa she leaned her classical head upon bis broad stalwart shoulder. "I hare but one request to make before oar wedding." "Speak oat, deare*t," he aoe* ered hupkily. " What is U T I want a lock of your hair." " Take it, darting," be cried, anatuhinp off a brown vinecar coloured wig and forcing H ibto ber hands. "Take it. No one shall eT«r say 1 refuwd any reqnest from my future wife involving an uudny of nuly Jl5." Enthubiabtic lYofesror of Physi-y. dieoosnine the erganic and inorganic kingdom—" Now, if I nbouM pLtit my t*> es—so— and dr>jp my liea<l—so—and hlioulri not more, you would ^aj I was u clod 1 But I n»o\f, I I rap, I rnn ; then • ,.ii -Jl io«r V. i.-o frr-nj tho rear-" A c.u.: i^r!" ( is >nJfsed. 