VXUEB Y. BLACKBB&K; £200 and the Championship Best of Five Foils. Miller Wins. On Wednesday afternoon toe two champions, Miller nod Blackburn, met at the Victoria Hell, Bourice-street, to contest for the Australian Championship aud £200. It had been arranged that the wreatllnir should bs In the nivH Greco- Roman ana Border styles, vis., c&tcb-ss-; catch-can about tbe wrist, with toe use of toe legs, tripping allowed. In consequence, the event was looked upon as a very open affair. Miller and bis part)' of course relied ou Lis ex perience io all 6tyles of wrestling, coupled with his immenso strength; while Blackburn's friends were confident in their man's skill in the " use of the legs " and tbe knowledge that on one oc casion be had, after a struggle of five hours, made a drawn battle with toe Champion of England. As the sequel proved, toe fiolsh was a very close one, toe falls gained being — Miller, 3; Blackburn, 2. It had been set out in the articles that toe men were to be on the stage at 2.16, and a few minutes prior to this time the men entered their dressing rooms and commeuced their toilettes. Both were attired in white singlets and drawers. Miller is the taller of the two by some inches, but Blackburn, nevertheless, is a perfect "nugget," the muscles of bis arms and legs swelling out in great bunches, and tbe fact of bis being short in the hack rendering it difficult for his opponent to get any " pur chase" on him. He weighed about Ust. 81b., while Miller, who was somewhat ou the big side, just turned the scale at 15st. Iu the hall, which was crowded to excess (hundreds being turned away from the doors), what little betting was done was in favour of the " Pro fessor, at one time 2 to 1 being laid. The stage had been put down thickly with saw- dust,and overthis a carpet had been laid. Some inconvenience was experienced by toe wrestlers in the limited area of tbo stage, as every now and again they came in contact with the scenery, and thus h&d; their efforts iocoranioded. On the curtain being raised, Captain Cowan asked for fair play for both men. whom he introduced, and who were both greeted with a hearty cheer. Ho also announced that Mr. Macpregor had con sented to act as referee, the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman as time-keeper (fifteon minutes' rest, being allowed bctweoo each fall), and that tbe umpires were— for Miller, Mr. Loc6; for Blackburn, Mr. Thomas. Word was toes given by tho t hue-keeper, and tho athletes commenced The Struggle. First Fall.— They fenced for a fen- seconds for the hold, and then MiUer got a shoulder-hold and Blackburn a wrist Then they broke away. Black burn commenced to work with his lege, but MUJor was too quick. In petting away, however, the latter went down on all fours, with Black burn on top of him, but recovered very smartly. Blackburn was again very quick with his legs, trying tbe "grape-vine" and bringing Miller down again on all fours, and keeping bim on tbo defensive. A determined struggle then took place, tbo " little W secmiug strong as a JioD, aud tho efforts of both being enthusiastic ally cheered by the sjmctators. Each wrestler was now using his legs lrcely, but eventually broke away without auv result. Miller again wont down, but Blackburn was too gooJ a general to be led into auv trap. He, however, made a desperate attempt to trip Miller up, causing the latter to bound like a doer across the stage, amid cheers. Then tlicy went in for some good, hot work, aud Blackburn, getting his favourite buttock hold, threw his bulky antagonist cleanly, rolling orerhtm, amid great cheering. Time, 6min. Slco.vd Fall.— Blackburn at onco got his hold on Miller's neck, as a favourite place from which to work the buttock. He was also using lus legs very quickly, Miller going down on ail fours. Blackburn again got tbe cross-buttock with toe arm-hold, but Miller, with a clever and strong effort, broke away, tho spectators ap plauding. Both getting a sturdy grip, they struggled vigorously all over the stage, but without effect. Both were now per-piring freely. Miller tried for the uoder-bolJ, but Blackburn broko away. The former then got the buttock-hold, but Blackburn jumped it. getting Miller on his hands and kaeee. Miller then tried for the arm-bold, but the other etopped it. Immediately after Miller was successful in securing the arm-hold, flinging Blackburn flat on his back. Time, 7min. 34sec. TniBD Fall. — MiUer at once went for tbe buttock, but with no effect. He also attempted the back-bold, but Blackburn was very quick and was " spieling" as if for his life. Both, too, were working the leg, Blackburn's calves seeming as hard as oak boughs. Miller tried for the under-bold, and the two woutdownf Miller all through this fall was working iu low. He pat tbe arm-hold ou, but his opponeut only went down on one shoulder ana was up again immediately. The latter repeatedly worked ike " grape-vine/' but MiJler was warr and kept himself so far off that Blackburn was unable to go for his legs without considerable danger. Miller tried the buttock with the arm-hold, but Blackburn once more jumped it. and the "Professor" went down all four#, almost at once repeating the performance. Miller had been trying for tbe musclc-bold for some time, but changed his tactics, and, getting a powerfal arm-holdj gave Blackhuru the "flying mare/' throwing him dean over his head. Time. 7min. 30oc. ForitTO Fall. — Blackburn again pot the neck-hold and attempted the buttock, but without avail. Both wrestled very cautiously, but the Eaglchawker repeatedly went for hie favourite neck-clasp. Blackburn then tried for the tinder-hold, and Miller for the arm-hold, hut they broke away. ! A few more tries, and then Blackburn once more buttocked his weighty antagonist. Miller coming down heavily on toe carpet. Time, 4min. 34sec. i Fifth Fall.— The excitement wasnow groat in tbe hall, and, when the men appeared after < their fifteen minutes' rest and their rub down, there were cries of, " Watch him, Blackburn," "Go in and win, MiUer." Both were very eautious, Blackburn being the first to dash iu, with atryforthebnttock. He put tho " grape vine" on 6trongly. but could not shift Miller, who was keenly alive to the necessity of putting on a strong brace. Miller then got home with the ann-buttock, and both came heavily to the floor, Blackburn having one hip and one shoaider touching. There was great excite ment as the latter struggled to save the re maining point necessary to constitute a fall. Ultimately, be was able to throw Miller off. Getting to work again. Miller got the under- bold, but Blackburn fought out of it. The latter then got tbe back-hold, which after fierce straggling he turned into aregular cross-buttock. But Miller, by an immense))' strong stop end brace, worked out of tbe danger and into the under-bold, and completely forced Blackburn down, thus winning the match, amidat the greatest excitement. Time, 6min. 4Ssec. Both men were called before the curtain, and cheer upon cheer given. Remarks. Though defeated, Blackburn has the satisfac tion of knowing that it was only after a des perate struggle with an athlete who has made his mark against tbe best wrestlers of the world. With the Eaglehawk representative' conduct all through none could find the smallest fault. It was straightforward, unassuming, and honest He likewise took his defeat a a thorough athlete and sportsman should do. It will le, perhaps, some consolation to him to know that good judges of wrestling have expressed themselves willing to back him against any man in Australia bar Miller. For toe latter, ne is desirous of challenging any two men, for a substantial sum, in the same style, in, say, the best of nine falls. Altogether, 'the Miller v. Blackburn contest should lead to a revival of tbe manly snort of wrestling. That it is a favourite with the public is evidenced by the hundreds unable to obtain admission to the Victoria Hall on Wednesday, and this despite toe high prices of admission charged. In our advertising columns will be found a challenge from Professor lliller to wrestle any two athletes in Australia, for £109 a-side, in the mixed Graco-Boman and Border styles ; the conditions to be that each of the two wrestle alternately, and the winner of the contest to be the one who gets tbe best of nine falls. Professor Miller mentioned this on the occasion of bis late match with Blackburn, and there is, I understand, a prospect of toe challenge being accepted. The programme for the sports gathering of the Ballarat Cricket Ciub on tbe Eastern Oval on Boxing Day appears in another column. Mr. W. 6. Whitelaw, the secretary, announces seven items, the principal of which ie the Grand Handicap, in four events. For this the prizes an £30, £lo, £7, and £6, the entrants fee 20s., and acceptance St. fid. As will be seen by tho ad., all the other items have rich rewards for the winner. The Ballarat eports are so favourably known among athletes that 1 am saved toe trouble of doing more than directing the attention of intending competitors to the conditions. A Hamilton correspondent lost night wired me as follows:— Messrs. Victor aud Graham, togrther wito the Wyburd Brothers, hare been giviog some really splendid exhibitions «f alhlotic exercise in our local Town Hall. M. Victor trifles with two fifty-six pound weights, and finishes irith lifting a dumb-bril 2321b. weight above bis bead and holding it there with one hand for a couple of roioutes. He is also a very skilful foil fencer. Mr. J. Graham is wonderfully clever ns a club swinger and boxer. Messrs. Wyburd display much ddl on tbo roller skates. Charley Swan commences a walking match in toe Town Hall on Monday next, when he will essay to walk 450 miles in rixdays. Swan also challenges three local pedestrians to walk alternate days, their total scores to be added egrinst his. He is giving prizes to the winners. Swao is to walk fire miles in one hour. An hours' go-as-you-please for boys and toe skating of tM Wyburd brothers are other attrac tions. TnE Winchelaea Sports Committee have issued a capital programme for Boxing Day, which will be foond in oar advertising column b. Nominations arc due on the 8th December, and competitors are forewarned that they must give in their entrance papers all performances during the past two years, and also that assumed names will not be received in entries. The handicapper will be Mr. Clayton, of Gee- long, who has always given so much satisfac tion. TnE Wangaratta Athletic Club also adver tise to-day what tbey justly term a " monster programme" for New Years Day, the amount of prize money being no less than £100. The handsome sum of £40 is given to the Grand Handicap, and other stakes in proportion. Entries for this event and tbe Hurdle Race close on 1st December, and full particulars of toe past two years' performances must be for warded. On New Year's Day the Murtoa Athletic Clab's offer £70 in prizes. Of this tbe Grand Handicap carries £26 and the New Tear's Gift £8, and these, as with tbe whole of the programme, are under easy conditions. If any particulars other than those contained in the advertisement ero required they can be ob tained from Mr. F. A. Weiss, the secretary, Murtoa. The eight hours a day Bicycling Match, for the Championship and £500. tieiween Rolfe and Watson, which began in tho Exhibition last week, was brought to eu abrupt termination on I'riday niglit, owing to an accident to Watson's leg. He retired altogether from the track at 8.30, when his core was 383 miles 300 yards. On his giving Rofe an order on tbe stakeholder for tho ainouut of the stakes, tbe latter continued at work till 10 o'clock, when the board showed his record to be 404 miles 1500 yards. Ou Saturday Kolfe did a ride against time, covering 100 miles in C hours 11 mioutcs. Exhibitions of riding were also given by Thorlcy, Irish, and others. A correspondent wires me from Bathurst that tho £100 Sheffield Handicap, run there on 0th November, was won by Hyam, of Shoal- haven. A telegram from WaiTDArabool says:— Great excitement prevailed here last night to witness the return of tho competitors from the 76-mile Bicvclc Race for £21, £10 10#.. £7 7s.. and £3 3s. "Six started, but only four returned to the goal. The weather was frying, being muggv and wet. The course was from Warr- nambool to Mortlake, thence to Teraug, end thenco t'iii Garvoc, Panmuro, Clyde, and Allans- ford up to tho starting point. There were six competitors left in the race, viz., Proudfoot, R. Dawklns, Croll, Andrews, E. White, and A. Foote. Tho first tnan started at 9 from tbo post-office, and the last at teD minutes pat 10 a.tn. White won tho match, doing the journey in 6hr. 17min. 43see. 3-5tus. Proudfoot, who bad 30min. start, was second, iu 7hr. 14miu. Usee. 3-5lh<. Croll oocuptod third place, having 25min. start, doing the distance Iu bhr. oOmin. 9 see. A quarterly mooting of tbe Darlington Athletic Sports Society was held on Saturday. Hid ju#tam. There were present Me#r.2. J. Rose, W. 11. M'Kcnzic, T. Campbell, D. Fiddes J. Duff, T.Dowlin, J. F. Grayson. J. W. Dow- lin. J. A. Dowlio, 1'. Campltell, W.J. Wolfe, J. Bolton, and T. Dowlin, jun. Mr. Rose was voted to the chair. The xainutc? of previous meeting were read and confirmed. The trea surer declared his balance as £10 15s. I'd. The secretary stated that he bad received £2 2#. from C." W. Dowling, Esq., and £1 fro in L. Dowling, Esq., of Jcllalabad, Darlington, as donations to the annual sports. The fallowing programme of baudicap events was adopted for New Years Day, 1©64:— Darlington Cop. 130 yards, £39 ; Members1 Race, 160 yards, £4; Hurdle Race. 139 and 239 yards, £11 ; New Year's Gift, COO vards, £11. Messrs. L. Dowling, J. Bolton, and J. Duff were ap pointed handicapper?. The meeting then closed. 1 am sorry to hear that little Willio Franks has bad the misfortune to break bis arm, tbo result of on accident;. All wbo remember his plucky walking with young Bernard Murphy will regret that tbe little fellow should have his training for tho Sydney Now Year's sports interfered with and join me in wishing bun a speedy and effectual recovery. U'Dsrmott and a local ped named Warton have been walking a tweuty-four hours' match at Greufell for £10 a-side, the latter getting a ten-miles start M'Dermott is reported to have covered 100 miles in 19 hours 55min. At tbe finish, however, the ten miles concession proved too much, the board ehowiug : — Warton, 120 miles 7 laps; M'Dermott, 110 miles 23 laps. M'Dermott Eaid this was only the third timo he had been beaten in 76 matches. Tub swimmiug season will be ushered in on Saturday next by tbo members of the South Melbourne Swimming Club with an after- noou's racing iu the local baths. A capital programme has been drawn up for toe occasion, the most attractive item on which is the ,100 yards event for tbo championship of the club. Aspirants for this honour must he of the first order to have a ghost of a show with either Kcnney or Bennie, so that tbe field will probably consist of a select couple. Iu addition to the events confined to members, there is an all comers' handicap of 200 yards, which should produco some good swimming. Eutries can be made up till Friday evening at the baths. Tub Hamilton Friendly Society's Sports re sulted as follows Maiden Plate— Woffloden. Boys' Baee under 16 — B. Higby. Hamilton Gup, with purse of sovereigns, value £i0— Won by a blsckfeliow named M'Kinnon. G.rlg' fiace— B. Hurley. Hurdle Race— Fritz Clements. 1; W. Gristwood, 2. Tony Bate— J. Couit's Topfw, l; Mr. Turner's Dolly, 2; Mr. T. Bromell'e Clara, 3. Tub Ballarat Bicycle Club Sports were held on the Eastern Oval on Friday last with the following results N'aidtn Oace, One Mile— H. Gay, l ; H. P. Sbim- min, 2. Grand Handicap, 1, 2, and S Miles— One Mile— B. L. Kicho), "0 yds, 1 ; B. A. D. Sinclair, scratch, 2; J. E. Byrne, 20 yds, 3. Two HiJra— Sinclair, scratch, j ; Byrne. 40 yds, 2 ; R. L. Kichol, 125 yds, 3. Three Miles— Sinclair, scratch, 1 ; It. L. Nirhol, 2 20 yds, 2; Byrne, 3. Sinclair, 13 points; Kicljo), 10; Byrne. T. Tilling at the Ring— T. Thompson, 1 ; T. Miller, 2. Club Handicap— T. H. Thompson, 1 ; It. A. Thompson. 'J. Half-mile Mounting and Dismounting— T. Thompson, 1 ; T. Miller, t. Ciub Handicap, Five Miles —G. H. bhimmin, 1; j. E. Byrne, 2; K- A. Thompson, 3. Blow Race—1 T, Miller, 1 ; F, Walker, 2. Quarter- mile Foot Bace-Ii. h'icbol, 1 ; A. Hutscm, 2. The Castlemaiue Bicycle Sports were held on the Camp Reserve, on Friday last. The rain in the latter part of the day interfered with the success of the gathering, but nevertheless eomo good ridiug was done, as will be seen ; by the following particulars One Mile Maiden Race— Open to nil comers. Gaulton, 1; NewJand., 2. Second Heat — Keszu, 2 ; Husband, 2 Final Heat— The contest was very close, and wsg eventually won by Kewlandft, with Keam 2nd after a collision. Boys' Hace— Coldrey, 1\. Castlemaiue Combination Grand Handicap- Open to all comers. Three events. First Event (two miles)— The wheelmen did not change posi tions until within two orthree laps from the finish, when they increased their speed. Upstill, who re ceived 20 yards start, aDd who bad been riding steadily, cauie to the front with great rapidity, and won bj il length, Lindsay (300 yards) 2nd, and Trcn- prove (340 yards) 3rd. Time, 7miu. lCsec. Second Event (three miles)— Tun faced tbe siarter. Up- etill and Crockett made the racing cxceediogly lively, and the result was— Upstill (360 yards), J ; Crackett (510 yards), 2; Tmigrove (510 yards), 3. Final llcat (one lnilcj— Upstill, wbo had previously secured 10 j-ointb. refused to compete in this heat. Trengrove led for the first two lops, followed by Crockett. Within three laps from the finish Crockett and Trengrove ran a well-contested race, and ultimately Crockett was defeated, but he rode splendidly. The final result of the different erects was— Upstill (120 yards start), 10 points, 1 ; Tren- grore (170 yards.), 8 points, 2; and Crockett (179 yards), 6 points, 3. Bore' Bicycle Race (one mile) — J. Newman, 1; F. bowman, 2. Tilting at the Ring— N. Keom, 10 rings ; C. Boss, 10; A. New- lands, Caticndcr, Daymond, and Husband, S each ; B. Newman and Clark, 4. Kcam and Ross divided first prize. Tee inclement weather interfered greatly with tbe Dunolly eports, but, nevertheless, some good runniug was witnessed. Owing to tbe extreme pressure on our space, I cau only this week give tbe principal events, as fol lows : — Dunolly Sheffield Handicap, fire bentf.— 1st prize, £20, G. TatebeJJ, of Vanally ; 2, C. TatchcU ; 3, Johnstone, Wedderfaora. Two Miles Bicycle Race. Dnnollr Club.— 1. Wallis; 2, J. WingblO. Open Bicycle Bace.— 1st prize, 7 guineas, Amos, St Arnaud; 2, Giimour, Melbourne: 3, Lees, Dnnofiy. Tu B Geelong Grammar School hoys had their rports meeting on the Corio Cricket Ground on Wednesday. The following arc tbe particn lars Potting tlic "Weight-G. Ritchie (32ft. 2in.), 1 ; H. Brush (32ft.), 2; F. Fairbairn <2SfL), 3. Boys' Race (under 12>— A. Payne, 1; C. Pincott, 2; P. Higgms, 3, Junior High Jump— B. M'Leod (4fL 101 in.), 2 ; C Poynter, 2. Open Qiurter-mOe— T. Bailey, 1 ; E. Scott, 2; J, Godfrey, 3. Open Long .Innip-F. Fairbsiro (16ft. Sin.), 1; IL Armstrong i'fl 104in.), it K. Thomson (17ft. 5iu.i, 3. Maiden Race, i5J yards— ti. Officer, 1 ; A. wells, 2; E. Saotr, 3. Open Hundred Tarda— R. Thomson, 1 ; F. Fairbairn, 2; II. Annttroug, 3. Open High Jump— F. Fairbairn (5ft. 5iiu.). 1 ; IL D.nsb (Sit. ain.). g. Half-mile Walking Match— K. M'Kinnon, 1; B. Crosstbwaite, 2; R. Turubull, 3. Opon Quarter-mile— B. Thomson, J ; F. Fairbairn, 2 ; H. Armstrong, 3. Junior Vaulting— W. Wobb (7ft. lukin ), 1 ; A. White (7ft- 3Aia.). 2. Open Unudred Yards— E. Scott. 1 ; G. Officer, 2. Opon Quarter- mile — B. CrOBStliwniic. 1; F. Staugutou, 2; L, StiUgbtoD, 3. Mile Boao— B- Thomson, 1; E. Scott, 2. 300 Yards (under 10— G. Officer, 1; E. Amplilctt, 2. Open 200 Yards— R. Thomson, 1 ; F. Fairbairn, 2; B. Armstrong, 3. Walking Match (one mile)— B. Carroll, 1 ; S. Harvood. 2. Bicycle Race (one mile) — P. Mann,l; W. Alcock, 2. Old Boys' Race— T, 1; M'Leod, 2. Vaulting WithPole-B. Armstrong (9ft. lin.), 1. Steeple chase (460 yards)— J. Brush, 1; C. Silvester, 2. Bicycle Bace (two miles)— P. James, 1 : M. Aitkin, 2 ; T. »»»j 3. Consolation Bace— Welle!, L 