Chapteb. xr.r-'-'THE MAy job ihe.-Thibpv t '' beb;" • • >• It was.a hearty, supper. wMchGregDorward* ate in a loDgdow- ceilinged/room.crossedbyr heavy - oaken/ teams,/and /.which. was -at tbri: tbackl of the big'farmhouse. The uncertainty, /of his position,-the mysterywhichsurrounded. him,: the. doubt. of. the objeot.which,!had. brought him into Lincolnshiredid not in any way tend to spoil Greg's appetite* which was 'fairly vigorous. Mrs. Ohadderton supped with- him, sitting at the head ofthe table, very grave and silent; but with- her watchful eyes-everywhere; although on . this occasion; she was watchful " lest the plates should be emptied without her cognisance. Two or three farm servants, or who looked like farm.servants of .the mascu-. line gender—young, strapping, rosy-cheeked, fellows—supped With him arid Mrs.. Ohadder ton, Spikins, at an angle of forty-five, sat on Greg's right, and presently Fladge came into [the room: rubbing the hack of his head as: though he had hurt it somewhere. He looked hard at Greg as he entered; but Master Dor ward ate on in conscious, innocence, and thought that the suppers ;.at. Farm Forlorn were a. considerable: improvement on the " skilly" Served out at the quarters which he had recently quitted.' ? • Yes—everything.was.an.improvement after ; all, the prospects were brightening, and the outlook less dark; to Greg: of Bolter's Bents. He was no fool, this boy—nay more;:he was,. to an extent, a youth of forethought,, and as he continued: Ms supper, he was calculating the possible advantages of submitting himself to the rules and-regulations of thisnewesfcab liehment. Whatever was in store for him; • there was "at least the growing fact that no harm was intended/ and '. probably much good. And startling and most remarkable facts of all to the!boy's disturbed mind was this,; that: John sWoodhatch actually liked ■him:! Greg had heard the master: confess as much, in the^hadows of the corridor, and very much amazed he was, knowing that only Kitty had ever cared for him in all the world/, and j out of all" the world—kno wing that he 1 •was generally hated, and feeling possibly he.; deserved to be hated for hating.'everybody elfie.j Arid John Woodhatchhad said in.the room on>the first floor,'-'fXlike the; boy,'? and" •had j said it" twice too..; -He. could - not do much harmriy.sfcoppinga little while, Greg/ begqn to think for the first , time; here was; -a- man Who- liked him,- and a rich - man whojkept a big house,, and.- was: going to do' something for him presently- He would like to kno w- awfully what Mr. Woodhatch. thought of doing for.Mm; and why the other man thought John Woodhatch was mad and foolish to attemp|ifc:.: And-be must-stay to know all that—stay/some time, and- give the place a trial-r- lo6k"about and.'keeplhis eyes : open, .v:.V-" •.[.•. He had somd trouble to -teep.; his eyes open - at all the remainder of that evening, - He had ;beeri accustomed to get to bed:cearly ;at Frets wellfs School—even, in 'the: daylight; wherithe; ■summer: hights were short—and he waswholly >' unusedtorail way; journeys; and cbuhjry-air; "atthe'.eiid-rif them; mid drives: across-country - in ri high wind. Re"was/anxious,, to keep , awake—to have/ his .ears open as,well as Ms J eyes—hut sleepiwasBtrong,up6n"him,andhia:r| eyelids.W.erennaccountably heavy. . He dozed/ off presently at the supper .table, waking mp; with a start to find* all eyes-upon him, and Fladgegrinning.athis" efforts tb-keep awake;', he met -Mrs.-.Chaddcrton's" long and steady; .stare; inMs direction before she-faded away ; into a mist into which he wasdost ahd th'en jerkedbntagmh'byjhis bead; nearly-falling/ off; he heard the.-blattmh&dfiplatesaiia;"' /dishes which- were .being: oleared . away ; /bed becamriconsoious ot Mr.Woodhatch. stand-, ihg: in- tfae jopen -doorways facing him- arid regarding himws.gravelyas Mrs. .Ohadderton [ had done, and" then the young bright face of a fair-hair'ed-girl, dressed-in white. shone by thefarmer's side and disappeMe&rigain;,. asjri ghost's rmight. have- done, before, he.-rwas thoroughly_consciouswh'erebe-wa3 and what he wanted iri^thatprosperous home.- ' f •'You are dea£^at£Greg;»^ hatch's voice.in.Ma:ear suddenly;: "so good:! inigjht to you. We-wilF talfchf: business in 1 the morning,". ".-v. -/ // '?Yessifi'rarisweredGreg; in;his oldfashion, • '' Good night;-Fladge,": the farmer.; added;.. "ypull go up withhimjl'i:: . . "Ay—ay. I've been, ready, long ago," /answered Fladge - With , another burst of -laughter. Greg felt for the firsttimeslightly nervous at sleeping: in the same room with. tMs laughing-lout—who was; ?• wrong here a liffilfi HO as MW VlofyiW/'ha/1 rJnlvnaf at** ^ little bitjp as JMjev Wpo^bafehrhad^aelioatelyj put it. He-hoped it was only/a little bit; he had riot thought much" of it before, or cared*: much whether.it was a little- bit rot a trigone [until' the.fa'ct-that he: was, going upstairs i| arm- in.armwithhimtobedbegsni.toimpreaSvi him by degrees ljricomfortably. . : jTcvertheless he/was too sleepy to thinkjbe mritterout; he wanted rest, bis bones ached/ ", he iwasnot-quite/certain- newasvery well;-,! despite the large supperr^or.on -account' of' the larg9 supper—which-- he had consumed,, arid he was very quickly. intthe bed near the "door which had been ppinted.out .to. him.as bis'especial property. (ToVe continued, J. 