THE MERCURY, I TUESDAY MOBtriSa, MAY 15, 1883. THE necessity for preparing for the coming Session of Parliament will prevent a contemplated Ministerial trip to the West Coast We regret this, for we feel that the great importance of this part of the Colony has not received due consideration from Ministers, who, though aware of the responsibility they shirk, are to some extent lulled into indifference by the sense that in neglecting a locality so full of promise, and leaving those who believe in it to struggle on in their own strength, they are gratifying the dog-in-the- manger policy of those who, if the West Coast cannot be made to add to the importance of the North, would have it pass out of notice rather than that its development should add to the wealth and increase the trade of the South. Such narrow-minded jealousies have done and are calculated to do a general injury to the Colony as a whole, for the good of a part tends to the good of all Launceston, we readily admit,, is the chief centre of mining operations, and Launceston has in consequence chiefly benefited, but Hobart has not been left without feeling the genial influence of prosperity. It has extended to the remotest corners of Tasmania, and everywhere mining enterprise has left its mark. Not a new venture adds to the mining wealth of the North which does not extend its prosperous influences to the South, East, and West. Tasmania is not so large a sheet of water that the ripples caused by a stone thrown into it do not extend to the extreme shore. Had, therefore, Ministers shown more courage ; had they ventured to give to the West Coast the countenance which right and wisdom dictated, there would, at this moment, have been less stagnation both in the North and in the South. There would have been large populations where now those engaged in developing the country may be counted by the fingers on one's hand, and a large capital would have been employed where operations are of the most tentative character ; where, in a word, companies and individuals are waiting for what may turn up. We are not sure that Ministers would not have pursued a wiser policy had they, instead of tantalising those engaged in mining prospect- ing, and mining working on the West Coast with the mere nibbles of encouragement vouchsafed in paltry and far apart and, altogether withheld their hand and taken the advice, which, so frequently and with such wails of lamentation, has emanated from that portion of the Colony that deceives itself into the conviction that every pound spent on the West Coast is a robbery of the North, and that the I prosperity of the West is incompatible with and retards the wealth of the North and East The sparing hand with which aid has been doled out to the West Coast has neutralised the intended effect It has failed to secure any permanent good. The money spent in patchwork improvements, or effecting temporary expedients, has been in a great measure wasted. Roads, laid out or made were of so im- perfect a character as to be unequal to the demands upon them, and speedily disappeared, mud holes and impassable tracks being all that have been left to indicate the good intentions of Government Ministry after Ministry has never risen above the mere level of expedient, and thus money has been spent in works which have left so little mark behind them that the outlay has been simply thrown away. I Had Ministers, when the claims of the West Coast were first forced on their notice, risen equal to the situation, and boldly expended an amount approaching equal to the requirements, the aid given would have had a marked effect on mining enterprise in that remote district, and the Colony would have had something to show for the expenditure of public money. As it is, the money has been spent without effecting the desired boon, and they who have felt it politic to affect disbelief in the West Coast, have had put into their mouths a strong argument against further expenditure in that direction. The result has been discouraging, because it has been inadequate, and those who have invested capital there may well complain, that the fitful countenance gives them they sweetener misled into an 'expenditure which thöywoalri'have other jnea-hesitated'to incur and that in the {«ajButual aid afforded they have been lefts encounter difficulties against which they had a right to expect the substantial interference of Government. The very contemplated Ministerial' trip to the West Coast which has been at the last moment abandoned, is an admission on the part of Government that there is in the West Coast a field for action, and the off-putting and final abandonment of the contemplated visit is neither more nor less than an acknowledgment that Ministers have failed to discharge recognised obligation, andhaveputoffto more convenient season that personal inspection which they felt would be found valuable in enabling them practically to judge for themselves, and to advise Parliament when it meets some eight weeks hence. Those who best know the West Coast looked forward with some confidence to the Ministerial visit, for they felt assured that however little practical knowledge Ministers may have of mining, they would return satisfied that those who have entered on mining enterprise there have given practical evidence of their faith in the future of that vast mineral region, and in halting to proceed they have acted under the compulsion of an adverse necessity, and have been hoping against hope in expecting that aid which may be legitimately demanded from Government is the West Coast to be abandoned to the efforts of those who are, by their own means and their own labours, 'during the adverse influences against which they have been contending 1 In hope to die out because Ministers have too long postponed an intended duty We hope not. It is not our purpose to raise up in judgment against Ministers the professions in which they have indulged in regard to the West Coast, though we cannot ignore that they have culpably allowed a whole season to pass unimproved, and that the winter again finds our Ministers and public men in that ignorance of West Coast capabilities which has been a reproach to the Colony, and the very possibility of which would have been treated with incredulous ridicule when at the end of last Session hon. Members returned to their homes, and Ministers were left to the undisturbed discharge of the administrative functions of their office. There has been inexcusable laxity, and Ministers, though we lay no such charge at their doors, have been doing what in them lies to wipe out all knowledge of the mineral resources of the West Coast, and to discourage all enterprise in that locality. For their neglect they will unquestionably be called to account, and if they rely on the support which their do-nothing policy will receive in the North, they will reckon without their host, for there are honourable Members representing con- stituencies which have no direct connection with the West Coast, who are large minded enough to recognise that what is for the interest of a part in for the interest of all The season may be too far advanced for entering on new works, but why should not every encouragement be given those who are indomitably working out the rich future of the West Coast Î Why should not their means of communicating with and obtaining supplies from the outer world be maintained The absence of a paying traffic will deprive the West Coast of steam communication during the winter season, for neither Ministers nor the public have a right to expect from a private company that service which is the duty of Government With it ought to be the risk, and Government will fail in its duty if it do not secure regular steam communication with the West Coast during the winter season. We do not affect to believe that the Government guarantee will prove reproductive. Ministers have, by their own apathetic course, forbidden such a hope. If the hard and fast test of reproductiveness is to be applied, which of our contemplated branch railways will do more, if so much, as pay working expenses in their earlier years! We propose undertaking the responsibility on the faith that they will directly benefit their respective districts, indirectly the general revenue. Much more so may such confidence be indulged in regarding the West Coast, and if Ministers isolate that country by permitting the withdrawal of steam communication, they will be false to their duty to the State. Ministers will be justified in making the best bargain they can, but steam communication by payment of a subsidy is a public duty. THE inconvenience which arises from the present use of arbitrary standards of quantity in the sale of corn and the dry products thereof, has been the cause of a revival of the weights and measures question in England. The discussion has assumed a definite form, inasmuch as a short Bill has been introduced in the House of Commons by Mr. Jos, Rankin, to render compulsory the use of the cental, or 100 lb. weight, In alldcalingswith grain, etc. It appears that a strong public feeling has been established in favour of a new standard of 1901. Subsequently to the passage of the Weights and Measures Act, 1878, enforcing the periodical adjust- ment of standards, the adoption of the central system was urged by numerous commercial, agricultural, and milling associations, and a recommendation was forthwith made by the Board of Trade that the new weight was required. The use of the " Cental or New Hundred Weight" was legalised by an Order in Council dated February 4, 1879, but nothing was done to compel its use in trade. It was widely anticipated that under the Act abovementioned a uniform system would be developed, but it unfortunately turns out that there is still much variance in the customs of the various districts, the old intricate weights being foolishly adhered to. This being so, the associations have endeavoured to bring about the desirable change, evidently impossible while the use of the cental is optional. The Times recently published a letter from Mr. J. H. Chatterton, secretary to the National Association of British and Irish Millers, drawing attention to Mr. Raukia's Corn Sales Bill, introduced during then current Session, and enlarging on the complicated condition of affairs under the old system. By reference to a return from the Board of Trade, dated June 27, 1879, over four months after the legalisation of the cental, it appears that of 12 towns selling their wheat by weight, two sold by the stone, three by the hundredweight, and soda by the cental. There were 65 towns telling by measure, and only 36 used the Imperial quarter, the remainder selling by about 10 different denominations. In 79 towns Using a certain standard the Imperial quarter- the weight varied about 20 times, from 40lb. to 50lb. There were similar variations in the dealing with oats and barley. Hence it is evident that the Corn Sales Bill of 1882 will remedy a great defect, and do away with absurd complications unworthy of plain, business- like dealing. So far, however, as England and the room insures are. concerned, there is no doubt that the uniform central standard will be adopted.' ThV^|J^Ia|&a;^hat may well be made in ' W Hartiroepaaklng countries, and we would strongly urge the commercial and agri«lturftír bodies in those mania to join in this progressive movement INWARD ENGLISH MAIL.-The royal mail steamer Ballarat, with the incoming English mails, passed Cape Borda at 10 a in yesterday. The s.s. Flinders will leave Melbourne to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock, for Launceston, and the mails are expected to be delivered at the General Post Office on Thursday evening. CABLE NEWS Our European telegrams appearing this morning convey the news that on Saturday the Prince of Wales opened the International Fisheries Exhibition at Kensington. On the same day Joseph Brady, one of the Phoenix Park murderers, was executed at Dublin. In connection with the trials for these murders it appears that the unfortunate jurymen engaged therein are being boycotted, many tradesmen having received anonymous circulars warning them against dealing with such jurymen. Archbishop T. W. Croke, of Cashel and Emily, has found it expedient to make promise to the Pope that he will obey the orders en- joined by his immediate superior, Cardinal MacCabe, of Dublin, in instructing the clergymen of his diocese to repress the commission of outrages. TELEGRAPHIC A public notice posted outside the telegraph office yesterday, intimated that communication between Zanzibar and Mozambique was restored. STORAGE SHIP FOR GUN COTTON The Government is making the necessary arrangements to store the shipment of gun cotton, imported in connection with the defences for the colony, and expected to arrive very soon by the ship Warrior, from London. The ketch Enchantress, lying off Mr. Lucas' ship- yard, being the sort of vessel requisite Is j holding the gun cotton, has been purchased by the Government, it is said, for something like £200. Her Majesty's ketch Enchantress, for this will be the designation by which the vessel will be known in future, will most likely he moored opposite the powder jetty in the Domain. EXECUTIVE COUNCIL-The Executive Council met yesterday, all the Ministers being present but the hon. Treasurer. No business of interest or importance was transacted, except the making of certain alterations in connection with V volunteer drills, as mentioned in another paragraph. Tua QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY.-The following notice, from the Chief Secretary's office, appears in to-day's * Oautte :-'.'.The Governor has been pleased to direct that Thursday, 24th inst, shall be observed as a public holiday throughout the colony, being the anniversary of the birth of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. At 81 a.m. a Royal Standard will be hoisted at Government House and at the Queen's Battery, and the Union Jack at Mount Nelson. At noon a Royal salute will be fired from the Queen's Battery, and Jeu de joie will be fired by the Volunteer force, in honour of the day. His Excellency has been further pleased to direct that the day will be observed, as far as practicable, in the same way at Launceston as in Hobart." His Excellency will hold a levée at Government House, at 11 a.m. on the same day. VOLUNTEER ITEMS. In to-day's Qauttt there appears a notification to the effect that the Governor-in-Council has rescinded No. 20 of the Volunteer Regulations, and has substituted in lieu thereof the following i " A whole day parade shall mean any daylight parade held between sunrise and sunset, at which the members are present for four hours at least A half-day parade shall mean any daylight parade ordered between sunrise and sunset, at which the members of the corps are present for two hours at least in the definition of an effective, an evening or other parade shall mean an assembly of a corps under arms at which not less than one third of the enrolled strength are present for three- quarters of on hour at least.' THE VOLUNTEERS. The Artillery assembled last evening at the drill-yard, under the command of Major Crowther. The number on parade was 160. The men were exercised in battalion drill by Captain Evans. The Rifles mustered well at the Barracks, 124 being present. Major O'Boyle was in command. After company drill the Volunteers were practised in Queen's Birthday match- was. _ _ THE BALLARAT RAXOEBF.-The Ballarat Star of the 11th inst. reports that an interview took place on the previous day between Major J. T. Sleep and certain members of the Ballarat Rangers, who were disappointed at not receiving local official orders to proceed to Tasmania to take part in the proposed series of rifles matches. The grievance of the men arose from the fact that they had made all the necessary personal arrangements for the trip, and had been sedulous in practice, but on the 9th the commanding officer intimated that he was desirous that the proposed visit should be postponed until a future time. The Star says :-" Captain Davies, of Hobart, who has just been OF a visit to Ballarat, accompanied the deputation. When the dissatisfied riflemen appeared before Major Sleep they were asked if they intended, in the event of their demands not being complied with, to act in accordance with what had been stated in the newspapers of that morning, viz., to resign. The deputation replied in the affirmative, and referred to the unsatisfactory and inconsiderate treatment which they had latterly received in the corps. The Major regretted that any annoyance or dissatisfaction should exist in the minds of the men over the postponement of the proposed return match with Tasmania, and, we are informed, intimated that if the team wished to proceed to Hobart he would make every provision for them, though he himself (Major Sleep) would be unable to leave Ballarat Dis satisfaction was still expressed, and eventually Major Sleep said that he would receive the resignations of the men, and would require their arms and accoutrements to be forwarded to the drill- instructor during the day. Accordingly, the following volunteers handed in their resignations ex-Sergeant A. W. Bennett, Corporal P. C. Murray, Privates F. Burley, A. Monsbourgh, R, Cleghorn, T. D. Merton, and Dlingsworth. It will thus be seen that some of the crack marksmen of Ballarat have severed their connection with the local rangers." THE GOVERNMENT LABORATORY. - The Government Analyst reports to the Chief Secretary that he has made the following analyses and assayS during the seven months which elapsed from the date of its comple- tion to the end of the year 1882 Milk, two samples One sample contained colostrum, or " beatings," from a very recently calved cow, and was likely to prove very injurious to health of consumer. Tea (2) Both were heavily " faced" green teas very dirty ; one also containing "the tea" and foreign leaves. Medicine (re-examination for inquest case. A large number of comparative experiments were required. Hop Bitters ( 1 Amount of alcohol determined for Collector of Customs. Teetotal drink (9-8 called wine ; satisfactory in containing no appreciable quantity of alcohol. Kerosene (1) Contract oil, examined for colonial storekeeper. Tin ore, dressed (31) Several samples in dispute ex mined. Tin ore, raw (32) Ditto. Ditto (2) Full analyses. Tin, metallic (2) One sample had been mistaken by prospectors for native lead, but was shown to be tin derived from their implements ; the other was found to contain much lead, proving that it was not obtained as stated, the ore from which it was said to have been extracted being free from that metal. Rock, for gold (16) Gold was present in only one instance ; three samples were tested in the Eldorado Salting Case." Book, for silver (by-gone present Water (3) One sample of the Swansea mineral water. Park (system- parative experiments on black and silver wattle bark, and as to suitability of another native bark for tanners' use. TYPHa Latifolia (2) Material to stuff mattresses for saving life at sea. Roofing slate (2) Pro- perties of English and American dates compared (for Clerk of Works). Asbestos (2) Native and foreign specimens compared ; results communicated to Royal Society. Coal (2) One sample of good quality from East Coast. Soil (I). Fossil resin (1). Iron ore (1). Guano (3), Tourmaline (1). Iron pyrites (1). Copper pyrites (1). The analyst states that in the majority of cases the examinations were made in duplicate to ensure the accuracy of the results, which, although in many instances purely negative, more especially where the presence of gold or tin was suspected, were yet useful in causing the stoppage of further unproductive expenditure, and in one case in preventing costly litigation. The BUILDING REGULATIONS A correspondent, who writes over the signature " Workman," complaints that he has been warned against building a weatherboard house within the prohibited district in the city, while another person, a man of ample means and influence in certain quarters, is allowed to build what he likes within the same district without molestation. Our correspondent should lay an information against the offender, and thus make the (matter public. THE WILSON AND HOLMAN,FOND.-The following additional subscriptions have been received G. Campbell, 10s, R. J. Rogers and Son, 21s. s, S.T.P.':ílJrnífJa. iaÉDOalu^-,]jhefism mittee of the.tetheKíTaMmlinPastoral and Agriculture ASs aSon takes less sccreUryío||ie'lMt'»Wính«'MThfirtr;«as.» good attendance, and Mr. Cr J. Parsons occupied the chair. Themauutea of the annual meeting were read. The Secretary brought under the notice of the committee several special prizes, which had been promised for the next show.' It was stated that His Excellency the Governor had intimated that his prize of £10 was to be given annually for the best weight-carrying hack, until his larger prize of 528 became available, which will be in the years 1886, 1887, and 1888. The Mayor (Mr. Wm. Belbin, M.H.A.) has signified his intention of giving a special prize of £10 10s., which is to be awarded to the best weight-carrying hunter up to 12st. The President of the association (the Hon. N. J. Brown, M.H.A.) has also intimated his willingness to give a special S prize of £5 5s., which the committee decided should be given as a champion prize for best stallion of any age in the draught section. Mr. A. G. Webster has again promised to give a prize of guano for oats in the grain section, the same as last year. A long letter from Mr. Maurice Weston was road in reference to his special prizes. This was taken into consideration by the committee, and the Secretary was instructed to write to Mr. Weston suggesting some alteration in his ideas relative to his special prizes. We understand that a special prize will be given for the best lady's hunter, to be ridden by a lady, over small hurdles; and another for the horse which will clear the highest jump. A distinction will be made between the draught and brood mares, a class being set apart for each. Other matters of minor importance were considered, and the meeting adjourned. We would suggest that those who have any alterations or improvements to urge in connection with the next show will send them into the secretary, so that they may be considered at the next meeting In connection with the grain section, it is to be hoped that farmers will this year keep back sufficient quantities of grain to enable them to compete at the next annual show. The society is doing all it can in this particular way to assist farmers, and it is to be hoped that they will appreciate the efforts of the committee by exhibiting at next show. The quantities required to be exhibited are small, being only three bushels for oats, barley, and wheat, while smaller quanties only are required for seeds! I ' *. THE RAGGED SCHOOL ASSOCIATION In reference to the bequest made by the late Robert Warrior, the hon. treasurer, Mr. Macfarlane, explains that the bequest was mentioned at the General Committee meeting, held on the 23rd April last, and also that he had paid the money into the Commercial Bank, and that Mr. Burgess was appointed co-trustee with Mr. Macfarlane, all of which was mentioned in the report of the committee meeting appearing in our columns on the 24th alt The explanation of course is satisfactory as far as it goes, but we still maintain the opinion, as expressed in yesterday's issue, that special mention of the fact should have been made at the annual meeting of the association, so that it might have appeared in the authorised report of transactions, and which report is printed and circulated expressly for public and official Information. The absurdity is evident of a system which does not formally acknowledge a bequest-until fifteen months after it has been received. ; GOVERNORS OF mi BOYS'' HOME The usual monthly meeting of the Governors of the Boys' Home was held yesterday. Messrs. R. A. Mather (chairman), J. Macfarlane, W. F. Mitchell, and the secretary met at the Bible Depot, and drove up to the Home. The Governors having visited the school- room, adjourned to the boardroom, when the meeting was held. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, business arising out of the minutes was dealt with. A letter from Mr. R J. Lucas, applying for a boy from the Home, and enclosing £1 as his subscription to the Home, was taken into consideration. It was considered that Mr. Lucas' would be an excellent place in which to put a boy, and it was resolved to give him the lad, F. Atkinson, on trial for two months, and if he did not please another lad would be supplied in about two months. Mr. Reilly said he had never known Atkinson act dishonestly, and thought he would suit Mr. Lucas well. The secretary was instructed to write to Mr. Finlay,- Campbell- Town,-stating-that the letter re the boy Atkinson had been written under a misapprehension, and the Governors were not in a position to give him a boy in exchange of Ringrose, and they trusted he would be able to get on with Ringrose. A number of accounts were passed for payment. WORK AND WAGES. "-A paper on the above subject will be read this evening in the Y.M.C.A. room by Mr. H. J. Burleigh, lately from England. Members are particularly requested to attend, and both employers and employed are invited to be pro sent As the subject is one of importance at all times and especially so just now, the invitation should be liberally accepted. ANNIVERSARY- AND WELCOME MEETING. The thirteenth anniversary of the Methodist Free Church, Murray-street, will be celebrated by a tea and public meeting this evening. Tea will be provided in the school- room at half-past 6 o'clock. A meeting will be held in the church after tea, to publicly welcome the Rev. W. H. Bowe, who has recently been appointed pastor of the church. The Hon. the Premier will preside over the meeting, and the Rev. W. J. Bray, H. E. Merriman, R. M. Webster, F. Shann, and others will address the meeting. The choir will sing select pieces appropriate to the occasion. The collection will be in aid of the trust fund. ' ¡ CONFIRMATION AT CAMMELL TOWN A correspondent writes The Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, administered Confirmation here on last Sunday, the Feast of Pentecost. St. Michael's Church was tastefully decorated with flowers, and the appropriate motto, "Come Holy Ghost, Creator, come," inscribed in white letters on a red ground, ran across the rood screen. The candidates for Confirmation, 42 in all marched in procession to the church, shortly after 11 o'clock, the girls very neatly attired in white dresses and veils, wearing scarlet ribbons with medals affixed, and the boys with red crosses. Mass was chanted by the Rev. Father Nolan, after which the Bishop, vested in cope and mitre, entered the sanctuary, and preached an effective sermon from Acts ii. in explanation of the holy rite he was about to administer, one of the seven Sacraments of the Catholic Church. The candidates, after the imposition of hands," proceeded two and two, first the boys and then the girls, to the altar steps, and were anointed on the forehead with chrism. His Lordship again addressed them, explaining the duties and obliga- tions incurred in Confirmation, and expressed the great pleasure he experienced on the preceding Saturday when examining the children. He attributed the intelligent, and not parrot-like answers, given by them in their catechism in a great measure to the fact that a Catholic school was I in existence in Campbell Town, where, not for one paltry hour in the week but throughout the whole day, religion and morality wore inculcated without in the least interfering with the course of secular Instruction. He exhorted parents to do all that lay in their power to support that school, and concluded by giving his blessing to the congregation. Before leaving the church all who had been confirmed, some having come from a distance of 18 miles, made a formal renewal of their baptismal vows. In the evening Vespers were chanted, and a sermon preached on the Holy Ghost by the Rev. T. Kelsh, after which Pontifical Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given by the Bishop, the altar presenting a beautiful appearance with its display of candles and flowers. CITY COUNCIL-The City Council met yesterday. Present-The Mayor, and all the aldermen. The business consisted chiefly of committees' reports on letters from various citizens. In reference to Mr. Hawkes' claim for compensation in connection with his contract of 1880, the council decided to grant him a bonus of £200. A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. CRIMINAL COURT.-The Supreme Court sittings in Over and Terminer will begin this morning at 10 o'clock. The following is the full list of prisoners who will be tried Wm. Anderson false pretences ; James Ogden and James Sutherland, murder ; George Downs, manslaughter ; Daniel Hutchins, rape ; Thos. Woods, housebreaking ; J. Farrell, assault with intent ; George Warren, larceny ; Samuel Wallis Haines, burglary; Richard. Vine and John Edington, robbery ; Augustus Vincent, perjury ; George Glover, larceny ; Catherine Bradford, housebreaking. His Honor the Chief JUSTICE will preside in the first court, and Mr. Justice Dobson in the second. It was currently rumoured in town yesterday that the two murderers, Ogden and Sutherland, will plead guilty. CITY POLICE COURT.-The Mayor (Alder- man Belbin and Mr. E. M. Fisher presided at the City Police Court yesterday. Wm. Beard pleaded guilty to insulting passers-by, and was fined 20s. 6d.' Jos. Moore was fined 6s. for disturbing the peace. Mary Topham and Mary Molloy pleaded guilty to using obscene language, and were fined the former 5s. and the latter 10s. Two drunkards. pleaded guilty, and were fined one 5s., and he other (an old offender) 10s. Charlotte Smith was charged with stealing a purse and four sovereigns from John Cross, but was discharged, as the police had no evidence to bring forward against her. In the above cases, where fines were inflicted, the usual alternative of a term of imprisonment was offered. CONCERT AT ST._EETBR,'8 HALLS concert in aid of the building fund of St. Mary's Cathedral was given by a number of lady and gentleman amateurs at St. Peter's Hall Collins-street, last night. There was a very large and appreciative audience. Misses A. and K. Thornton contributed several solos, on each occasion receiving a well-merited encore. Mr. Jones' rendering of " In the gloaming" was much applauded, and in response to a call, he repeated the last verse. Mr. J. Shirley's patriotic song, " I'll not hear Ireland run down," was one of the best received items of the evening;. Miss I Connolly and Messrs. McAllen and J. I Kingsley sang very creditably, and Miss H. Shields made an ofQcienÇaccompanyist. At the conclusion of the entertainment a number of gifts, valued at £20, were distributed among the audience. The singing of the National Anthem brought a pleasant evening to a close. THE WEST COAST To-morrow the Minister of Lands (Hon. N. J. Brown) will start, on board the Wakefield, on a visit to the West Coast. He will be landed at Trial Harbour, whence he will return three days after he arrives there. Mr. Brown expects to be absent from town about a week, special arrangements having been made with the owners of the Wakefield to enable him to come back so soon. MOUNT VICTORIA In a communication, for a perusal of which we are indebted to the Minister of Lands, Mr. John Cunningham, the overseer in charge of the men constructing the road to Mount Victoria, says : " There was some difficulty experienced in getting this work fairly started, owing to the difficulty of obtaining tents, etc., the surplus stock having all been taken up by the prospectors. However, we have obtained sufficient to begin with. On Saturday night, when I left, there were 120 chains of the light grubbing done, and 50 chains of the sideling, 4ft. wide, to enable the main body of men to ant in and cut wide enough for cart traffic. I don't intend to slope the inner bank, keeping in view that only a rough cart road is required in the meantime to allow machinery to get along I am keeping the line of road to regular grades. We don't, of course, know the re- But of this goldfield, but everything looks very promising at present. I have now employed on the road three overseers and 40 men, so we ought to make a good show soon. Wet weather having set in, it has been unfavourable for work during the last two days. SETTLEMENTS IN MINING DISTRICTs. In connection with the proposal to encourage miners and others to settle permanently in mining districts, the hon. Minister of Lands has had one or two districts surveyed, and has given instructions for reports to be prepared as to areas recommended to be set apart for settlement. THE MAGNET PROSPECTING ASSOCIATION. The " Secretary " sends the following reply to a letter signed " Subscriber " 3-in your Saturday's issue 'Subscriber' wants to know what has become of the prospector for the Magnet Prospecting Association and I regret that he should have troubled you on the matter, when he might so easily have obtained the information direct from me. There were 54 shares issued, and not 100, as Subscriber ' states, and although a few feet of worthless rods have been lost, the prospector was not to blame. The work is still proceeding, and a competent expert is now engaged reporting upon the prospects of the claim and the work already done. This report will be placed in the hands of the shareholders directly it is received. In the interests of the association, at my own expense, I paid a visit to the claim a few days since, and was thoroughly satisfied with the work, and the value of the property." BRIGHTON The want of a public room In this township has long been fact, the only room at present available being one at the Epsom Hotel, and this is not large enough for the requirements of the place. A correspondent informs us that some of the inhabitants are now stirring themselves in earnest in the matter, and a public meeting will shortly be held to consider the best means of erecting a suitable building. It is also proposed to establish a Young Men's Club in connection therewith, and it is hoped that every success will attend BO laudable an effort. . THE FRENCH IN MADAGASCAR. Com- menting upon the correspondence just issued respecting Madagascar, The Times says : " The assertion of French sovereignty in Madagascar is on the face of it an offensive act, committed without provocation against a harmless people with many claims to have better treatment accorded them. It will be seen, too, that one of the French officials in Madagascar IS mentioned by name in the Parliamentary paper just issued, as claimant to an estate in Madagascar, and as demand- ing a very heavy indemnity from the Hova Government on account of their refusal to admit what he asserts as due to himself and to his predecessor in title. This suggests an even less reputable explanation of the affair between the two Governments than the appeal to the Treaties of 1840-1. The French- Government acts, we must presume, on the information it receives from its representatives. This it can hardly fail to do, but it is bound to proceed with especial caution where it has reason to suspect a job. The reception the Hova envoys have met in England and in the United States may perhaps open the eyes of France to the way in which her conduct to Madagascar will be regarded by the outer world, and may convince her that it is not thus that her injured credit will be restored." A STEAM OMNIBUS. Wo take the following from the Age of the 10th inst. Some time ago the attention of the Railway department was called to the existence in England of a locomotive known as the " steam omnibus," the main principle of which is that the engine and carriage are all in one. It was pointed out that they would prove very useful in the railway lines of this colony where the traffic is small, and with the concurrence of Mr. Mirls, the locomotive superintendent, the Minister of Railways ordered one for trial. This has reached the port, having been brought in the ship Aberdeen. It has been transferred to a lighter in the Bay, and will shortly be conveyed to the Railway workshops, where it will be immediately out together, and if it is found in good condition the department hope to be able to give it a trial about three weeks hence The steam omnibus," as it is called, travels on eight wheels, four of which constitute the tractive power, and it accommodates 48 first and second class passengers. Underneath the car a framework of 490 cubic feet in extent is provided for the carriage of luggage. It was at first suggested that the "'bus" should have a top gallery, but the idea was discarded on its being discovered that if it were adopted the vehicles would not be able to pass under the bridges. It is stated that in running order the car weighs only 14 tons that it can achieve a speed of from 14 to 30 miles an hour; that it can ascend gradients of 1 in 30 that it can go round curves of 100 feet radius and that whilst going 16 miles an hour it can he pulled up within 35yds. It is also claimed for the motive power that it will pull several trucks with the carriage along a good road, and that as all the attendance required is a driver and a conductor, it will render unnecessary the erection of stations in sparsely populated districts. Therocanbo no doubt, If all the advantages spoken of are correctly stated, these cars would form an excellent and inexpensive adjunct to our railway system, and the trial will be looked forward to with some interest If this should prove successful the cars will be useful on the new light lines of railway which are being and are to be constructed such as the Coburg and Alphington lines. A duplicate engine accompanies the car, so that it can he used in the event of any accident happening to the other. The Parliamentary Debating and Literary Association will hold its weekly meeting this evening. A pigeon shooting match will take place at Melton Mowbray on Saturday. Particulars elsewhere. A public meeting is convened for Saturday to take place at the Prince of Wales Inn, Broad Marsh, re branch railway, The first meeting of creditors of J. T. Fearnley butcher, Elizabeth-street, will be held on the 28th inst., at the offices of Messrs. Elliston and Featherstone. The members of the Ebenezer Band of (Hops will hold a service of song in the Alliance Rooms, Macquarie-street, on Thursday night, at 745. PREMATURE LOSS OF THE HAIR, which is so common nowadays, may be entirely prevented by the sum of BURKITT'S COCOAS. It has been mod In thousands of cases where the hair was coming out in handfuls, and has never failed to arrest its decay, and to promote a healthy and vigorous! growth. It is at the same time unrivalled as a drawing for the hair. A single application will render it soft and RIOMV. llujtNETT'H CocoAiNic will be found a certain and speedy cure for VAKnnurr and other scalp dis- ettes. Aarii»A.-Thousands of the worst cases of AaTUMA have been relieved, and very many norma- > neatly cared by using JONAS Wnrrcoxn's It EM mr ron Anuna. In no east of a purely asthmatic character has it fallen to five prompt relief. For sale, by A. F. afiLLU, Hobart; EDWARD ASHE v Bon, Hobart. Wholesale by BASUKW WOMAN, 2 Co,, Sydney 