Sundays in Sydney. , By Eef-ectoe. jfc rFT_5T CHDECH, HA.EBIS-STBEET, ULTIMO. ; jov i Banyan and the 'Pilgrim's Progress' hax Ijj- _^ n announced as the subject of the Bsv. W. iTaylorV*. *ermon on Sunday evening, the Sth instant, *4-. tVa R«Vv *iat Church, in Harris-street, I attended. ;5eine desirou s to tcar how a Baptist minister would rfreattbeWsta^ ^i™'*8 of «M f ho was, in his dav a celebr-W ld Baptist. The church was not crowded as I 'T^i bn* tte congregation. ;was' remarkably -tO--we. After an introductory ivmn, Mr. Tayitfr read /art of the 4th chapter of S*. !Lt_m'b Gospei. which gm/s an aopannt of the tempta tion o£ Jesus in €he wilden_.-=s, by Satan : and by way [of commentaiy on it, he-ffan w»mJs read a portion of ftheSth chapter _-f the Epiafclc to tb* i-paesians, bs iginning at^he JOth verse. Allan: f™- £?««» ,.538 waTa5ng toVacnble chant* ^^Z'J^^i presiding at tbj Harmonium. I qn» te one verse of 'ttiB hymn, which appears to havo soaie poetical :merit: — Once humbleSifrom Bis lofty throne. He dwelt _V*»la'esVle''l\:. . , And His has bt\a tne siru fgling Bigh, And His the te. Vi=S tsar.. A very comprehensire ii-»ii simple extempore prayer ifolWa, which was Em.veeded by hyaii 249, and ;then came Mr. Taylor's iet-ure. which I found to be !ono of a series or course of .Vstnres on Bnnyan. To 'render Mr. Taylor's lecture intelligible to tho reader, fl may do well to preface this -.'ntline with a few re 1 marks as to Banyan, who has Ven called by Lord iMacaulay ' the most popular reogions rater in the iEneli-=h language.' Ho was bunt »t Elsfcow, a vu llatre about a mile from the town of Bedford, in ?England. I may remark that bom personal -knowledge I consider the people, of Bedlordshiro irather behind those iu other parts if .England '.in culture and intelligence. It W somewLiat remark 'able that this county should have .produced. » genius like Bnnyan. He was born in 1G2A ins tatner Oeing a tinker, but having a fixed . reside-f», for we find that he sent his son John to the villa'e__Echool. At that time the Puritan spirit was vvCf strong m England, and Bunyan, before ho was 10 years of age, wasanbject to fits of remorse and d&'P^W, which interrupted Ms sports, and as he grAr older these fits became stronger. Mr. Ivimsy, in his 'Hietorv of tho Baptists,' calls him 'toe de praved Bnnyan, the wicked tinker oi U-lstow. Bunyan, at the ago of 18, admit*' he was the ringleader of the Elstow youth in ?7c,e- **e denies that he was ever licentious, or ever hab. made ?improper proposals to any woman. It is said lite* was 'never drank, bat he had contracted the babifc ot swearing a great deal. He accuses himself of iottt chief sins, namely, dancing, ringing- the bells of the parish church, playing at tip-cat, and reading the history of Sir Bevis of Southampton. At tho age of 17 he enlisted in the parliamentary army, commanded by Fairfax, and served during the decisive campaign ofl643.thar;is to say.fouryearsbeforeCharlesLwas be headed atWhifceaall, London . At the siogo of Leicester a 6hot from the town killed one of hiscomcades, who had taken his post. This . circumstance appears to have made a serious impression on Ban yan's mind. In a few months he left the army, returned home, married, read pious books, attended prayers and sermons, left off playing at tip-cat and beEringing ; and, in fact, began !to be a visionary. Onca he had the idea he could work miracles. At another time, melancholy set in upon him, and he got the idea that he and his neigh bours had been converted too late, and that the day of grace was past. He thought he was haunted by evil spirits. JHe denounced his part in the redemption by the blood of Christ. He thought lie -had com mitted the unpardonable sin against the Holy Ghost. At last he joined a Baptist congregation at Bedford, partook of the Lord's Supper and began to preach. He had been preaching about five years when the restoration of Charles II. put it in the power of the clargy of the Church of England to oppress Dissen ter's, arid in November 1660 Bunyan was put into Bedford gaol, where ho was 12 years. Ho was told he would ba released if he would give up preaching. He refused to do so, and remained in prison, though he had a wife and children, and among them a blind daughter. We findliim workingin prison making thread laces for hawkers and giving religious instruction to his fellow prisoners. In. prison ihe began to write in a homely Saxon style. There was a great deal of rQggedness in his style of writing. He wrote against tho Quakers, whom he never liked. I confess I can not understand this trait in Bunyan'e character. It is inexplicable. I should have expected that the simplicity of the Quakers, their great sense of justice, and the sharp persecutions they had passed through for conviction's sake, would have commended them to his ?esteem; - He'-aext wrote against the liturgy of ihe : Church of England. With Presbyterians and Inde pendents he was always friendly. At last Bunyan was let oat of prison, but was compelled to live in Bedford. Charles II. was wishing to set up the Eoman Catholic faith in England as the State Church, and therefore he abolished the penal statutes against Dissenters, and Banyan was set free. Before he left ?Bedford gaol he had begun writing the Pilgrim's ?Progress. He keptths matter secret. Nobody but ihimself saw a line of it till the whole was completed. Some of his friends admired, some condemned it, ?when it was shown to them- It began to 'steal upon the taste of the public. In the Ifour years following 1678, it was re-printed : says Maeaulay , six times . In 1648 the second part of !it appeared. The ' Holy War ' was his next work. -He began to be called Bishop Bunyan, and used to go !from Bedford to London to preach. In 1678 ho died at bis lodgings in Snow Hill, London, by cold and ifever, and was buried in Bunbill Field3. I havo often 'lingered around his grave. The Rev. W. Taylortook up the- 'Pilgrim's Progress' at the point where Christian left, the city, passed through the wicket gate, and travelled along the highway to a place where was a cross, and while looking at it :hie burden fell from him and ho went on ihis way rejoicing. Mr. Taylor pointed out that Bunyan was baptised and received into the church at Bedford, and his life became tranquil and serene. '.Wig experience is related in his description of Chris-, itian, who had passed the lions in safety and came to ?the palace. Here Discretion, as a beautiful maiden, ?received him; asking where he had come from. He said from the City of Destruction, and was going to Zion. His name was Christian, and he wished to stay at the palace that night. She ran and called for Prudence, Piety, and Charity, and they told him to enter, for the Lord of tho Hill had built that house ifor the entertainment of pilgrims, and they served :him with supper. They, put him to sleep in a [chamber, called Peace, end in themorning he awoka at daybreak, sang joyfully, resumed Ibis journey, and found himself in the Valley |of Humiliation. Such, said Mr. Taylor, were [the vicissitudes of Jesus. When coming up from Jordan he was driven into the wilderness to Be tempted. Banyan's experience resembled that cf his Lord. Mark what follows : A week after the words \--f Scripture wei e ever following Bunyan, ' Simon, iSimon^ son of Jonas, lovest fhou me r' Bunyan was now in heaviness, and questioned the truths of re!i -gion, even the existence of God, feared lie was ;not one of the elect, and that his religion was a sham.- He said he would have.,given a thousand pounds for a tear. H?h soul was -overcharged. Some of his acquaintances who had professed religion lapsed, or fell away, 'and he feared he knight do the same. But, said Mr. Taylor, Banyan's soul was not soon cooled tsrhen once fired. . This' fire; as Christian eaid, is grace and the water poured onit by the devil only makes it burn more brightly. Christ -was pictured as a man pouring oil on the flames. Bnnyan fell into deep despair, had been; tempted to distrust Christ and renounce Him. ' He fought with Apollyoa who closed up, and Christian's sword flew oat of his band ; but as Apollyon was planting his last /blow, Christian Beized the sword 'and gave him a deajdly wound. Christian vanquished, saw him no more, and gave thabts for the victory. Though Apollyon was ' .thus vanquished Christian's (that is to say, Banyan's) difficulties were not over. He entered the Valley of Destruction, [which contracted into the Valley o£- the Shadow, of :Death. Banyan, said Mr. Taylor, though humble, [took nothing on trust, but -would examine for him leelf. A man who does this will gsfc to the truth at rlast, but not in a day; and there is tho danger tiiat [while he is digging around the foundations of faith, rfche superstructure may fall about bis ears. Truths ;do not stand alone, bat are parts of a system. [Entienco, said Mr. Taylor, and devout inquiry may ba able to separate truth from error. Truths maybe reconstructed, but all this requires time and 'labour, bat meanwhile the soul is homeless, without a creed, and sometimes in donbt as to the very foun dations of truth, ? This occurred to Bunyan, bat it is different, said Mr. Taylor, from tie . donbts of the present day. Banyan's doubts ware only* occasional In his day the doubts were not whether there was a -~fod, but simply : as to howlB.6 ought to be worshipped, and whether the Church of England was the authorised interpreter of; Scfipturp, or whether each man himself was, whether a fow wece the elect, not whether a few should be SBTed, He searched Scripture as a Bailor searches a chart. Scrip ture seemed ambiguous, one part contradicting an other. He rushed from text to text finding no rest, and ?when he got comfort from a text, there would* meet liis eye some threat. That text about Esau, who was rejected and found no place for repentance, troubled him greatly. His soul, lie«ays. seemed in a pair of of scales, now np, now down. His mind was some times overrun by blasphemous suggestions, even at rtrayer. or,in the Hoosexif God. fie thought ie was filled with a devil, then that he wwKbetfift of Ma senfces. And that he was in 'Hie Talley of ihe Shadovof Death. : How well, said.Hr. SkyloF, does haMaedbe in the 'Pilgrim's Progress' this state of bubo. He: is in the valley, aad sees a .pit sad flames, and has to take toia. weapon,/' AUJBraycr.' Se hears groans and roshrajrs, andfcarful voices. Christian ;iras so confounded that ha HA not Tatow bis en. voic.o. At the pit one stepped up and suggested awful 'things. He thought. the eagges*tion& came from hia own -mind. ? Snob, were bis tamptafions, and spine parsons ascribe them to a disordered Imagina tion. No one, said Mr. Taylor, supposes these ex periences -are neoeaBajry to Christianity. Bnnyan don't say they are. JiJut Banyan thought they were real conflicts he wag passing through with the devil. l-ometuing must be attributed to his tender oon soienoe, his defective education, his fervid imagina tion, bis peculiar temperament, .and something must b£ «}t down to the time.1: in which he lived, when reli-- gioue feelings and enthusiasm ran high.. £*o Jqnviaai glories; of He^venand thti terrors of hell were reali&ea;^ in Banyan' e clay erroneous ideas prevailed asto-elec-' ?'-.ion to ealvat^on. . The bobk next to the Bible which xJaayaa 2ovad was Martin. Lather's Cosuaestaiy an the Episfie to tiie- Galatiaan. He preferred that boob, he eaid. for a wounded conscience. Most of banyan's fears ait-se irom the threats he read in the' .Bible. Bnt the ?proimees brought him comfort, espe c^lly one in the 6tL- chapter of St. John's Gospel— ' i^im that cometli un\^ me I will in no wise case!. out.' One day he thoug.it his sins were too great:; to be .forgiven ; then the thought came, like mumc and lXjstling from arujelf' wines, ciidst thou- ever refuse to be justiflaj by the' blood of Christ? The thought camo \e would not perieu be cause he sinned, bnt because he refused to be justified All who will' fa» jnstified thus, said^Mr. Taylor, wiU never be lost. It is not whether our sin3 are fewer or more, whtifcVer continuous or not, but 'whether ire are willing to be justified. Let as take hsart anq comfort from tliit. The pointed way in which Mr. Taylor said this startleu me for the maBent, and I jiive bBen thin3di%*of his. words since. At xhe close of jis lecture Mr. Taylor apologised for the length of iti and said that next Sunday ho would endeavour to be more concise. I thought he had no reason to apologise; for his lecturA being very »- tere;fting, and the clear manner in whi^h it_ was delivered, madi? the time occupied in itf , delivery p-pyear brief. 1'fc.e svirvico closed with hymn 558, be ginning — ?' Though faint, ;iet pursuing, we go on our way/ TJie Lord is oui leader. His word is onr stay.' I expected a much larger congregation at thenc.tnrcii. The neighbourhood is one which isdensjly poi*olated, and there most ba a Lwge number of. B vptists resi dent there. I shoula not like to venture on an., estimate of the number of persons to the square acre | in the immediate vicinity of ihe chapel. 1 am sare that tho Eev. W. Taylor, the pernvment pastor, re quires simply to be better known to bo sppc related. ? His lectures are well arranged, bis manner is earnest, and nieasing, and while hr seldom rises to_. thtwiugher regions of oratory, it may be truly said tiiat his manner and delivery are uniformly good aivl im pressive. ? 