A.R.C. MEETING. Partly owing to the heat of the weather, and partly to the attractions by the sea, there was but a moderate attendance at the lesson the Old Course on the 28th instant, not true than a thousand peej>le being present. The lessees gave evidence of their desire to mabe the afternoon's programme go o!f tmoothly, Mr. Ferry relinquishing the flag on two or three occasions to Mr. J. Cimp bt-tl, although thia change ia the first race proved dieastro-j? to Mr. Cowan, whjie hone, Rifleman, was not at the p->st ia time-, and the others were dispatched with cuthim. Mr. Campbell waited l-> minutes for the absentee, and then sent hi* Held awtr. The lapse was unintentional on Mr. Cowan's part, as his jockey not heing able to sja'.e properly was cbacgedat the but moment, but the other horses were goiog on their journey before Bifleman left the saddling paddock, and the money was returned to those who in vested on him in the totalizator. In this event—the Hurdles—Hill's Jenny Wren (?howe-d a clean pair of heels to ijirdine and Local Option, and won easily. The winner was knocked down to Mr. Winterbottom for ?22 guineas. Seven came oat for the All-aged Handicap, for which Dutchman was a good favorite, and be won easily from Htvthom acd Senator, Sandal who finished fourth ret running np to her anticipated form. Balf a dozen faced the starter for the Handi cap Selling Race, for which Hawthorn was most in demand, but he was rather sore after his previous trip and was easily beaten by AU Smoke, Victoria and Flirt filling the posi tiens as at Gawler. Victoria hung fire soon after the start, but came again very fast at the finish and had the journey been a few yards farther she might have won. In the Rote Park Handicap, Uutchman. who carried 9 st. 1 lb. owing to earning a 7 Ib. penalty, was decisively beaten by Shjlock, the blade apparently having bad enough racing during the week, as he exhibited a disin clination to go from the poet. The ?Steeplechase was reduced to a set-to between Trandstickor, Jem Mace, and Tancred, and the pony having to carry 11 at 7 lbs, was beaten from the start. His owner persevered with him to the last, and rode him under the whip unnecessarily when coming home in the straight, although be bad not the ghost of a chance of winning, while Mr. Filgate on Jem Mace exercised more discretion by eating eft. Tandstickor jumped well and tbowedagoodtom of Coot attfae finish and. was well applauded as he passed the post. The Final Handicap was a surprise in Etoape reverting bis Gawler form and beating Tem pest acd Czarina. The performance was only a moderate one, however, as the time was clow. About £2,800 passed through the totalizator, the amounts and dividend* being —Hurdles, £138; dividend, £2 4s. All-aged Handicap, £475 ; dividend, £2 Is. Selling Race. £454 ; dividend, £3 2s. Rose P*rk Handicap, £598; dividend, £4 3i Steeple chase, £652; dividend, £2 la, Final Handi cap, £464; dividend,£44s, SEIiISG HURDLES CM 40 sots. One and time-quarter mnes. Mr. J.H.Bffl'ac m Jeaay Wren (aili, s years, i 9 st. (Murdoch) _ _ ..i Mr. J J. Jackson's br g Sardine (late Jabber Walter) £30), amd, 9 st 7 lbs. (Besaebamp) 2 JJr K. Marker's b m Local Option (£2O), aged. 1 9 ft. 7 lbs. (Tids*eU)_ J A _ ..8 After waiting about twenty mbmtas for Hifleman the field was fit les?tb tHanstchad withoat him. ecny Wrea led over the fiat fUgnt and past tiie etand with Sardioe as her nearest attendant, aad Local Option numi?g last. Bounding into the back stateu. bowerer. the last- nsmed went to the front, bat immediately afterwards lost bar poeftioa by tMekfag at t%e nurdle. Hz. Hills mare tbec took op the fusing ia ad ram c of Sardine, and is this position they raced to tbe biH. where Local Option dropped stifi faitbet tntsia. Approaching the <Hp Jenny Wrea increased hex lead of Sardine, aad the lattei- taking tbekrt flight awkwardly, the mare was enabled to vinmber easily as tbe fiasihbyabeex tea lengths. Ixcal Option waa a bad tbbd. Time, 3 nun. gz sec 4LL-AGED HAITDIC&F.; of4o sors. nvaftrrloscs Mr. J. Wintsrbottonf? fak h Pntrtiman. 6 yn. Bit U lbs.*?. Campbell) .. .. „ _ I Mr. C. rugate** r h Hawthorn, aged, 7 st. ?Weasle)_ ...._-_.. 2 Mr B B. Hnghet>'s b c Senator,2 yrs., 7 at. elbslQiaan) _ „ .. S Mr J. H. Blll'abf TheLswa,3yra.7st.l3lbs. Mr.T.Oiwan >abciUUai?ey,'syn.*'7rt. 13 Ifasl (Grimwood) — _ _ O Mr. W. Gordon's c I Eandal, 2 yn., 7 st. I. lbs. (Simawat.) _ o Mr. T. Jordan* bf llir≥, S yrt, c st 7 lb . (Etheridce) o Kempbla and Escape were scratched. 3he lot were dispatched on pretty even term*, bnt appraacbin*. the dip Sandal asd Hawthorn w?j?s tothe front, witnHie Lawn running next, and Oateh panboUUagasjOod poMHn? in the centre. Haciog into toe dip Mr. Gordon's fiUy drewa**y sererit lerstba, but entering the straight The Dutchmin. Btit?ge, The I?wn. asd Hawtbom were on terms. TJntcEzaaa aa? Sandal, (fas latter aider ths whip. ▼ ere now racing bard for snpnenaey, bnt the filly tiling 100 yards from home, tae black took a com manding lead, and eteatoaUy won by atxrat two itEgtha. BawUum and Senator passed Mr. Cordon's filly opposite the old stand, the former. *bo cuae vary well nader the whip, securing second position. Time, lmia.* see IL?>CICir SEIXIXG BACE. Of 40 sots Fear fariongs. Mr. S. FerryV c ft All Bank* (nil), 5 or 6 yrs. est 7 lbs. (St Johns) _ 1 Mr. B. T. Moore's b m Victoria (nil), 5 jra., 7 st. elbs.(D.O'ttiitD) . g Mr. T. Cowan's b m Flirt <£20), aged, 7 St. 7 lbs. (QniDD) _...._ . .. _ 3 Mr C. Hlgate's rh Hewtborn (£So),aged, Bst. 61hs.(WeaUe) .. _ _ .... .. o Mr. i J. Jackson's Merry Sod (£3O). i yrs , 7 st. (Cloice) _ 0 Mr. B. litcoEetd'a c g The Gift (nil), i yrs., 6st 12 lbs. (E a;) - .. ..0 AU Smoke and Hawthorn were the first away, with The Gift as tfceir nearest attendant, and Vic toiia rnDninj; next to last. Approaching the dip Mr. Ferry's gelding drew to the front, and entering tbe straight full cf running looked all over a winner until about nfty yards from borne, when O'Brien brooght Victoiii up nith a imh, and wa; only beaten by a neck. Time. s!£ sec bos* park aurnic.u>. Of £0 sovg. ore and a quirter mUes. Mr. T. Cowan's c g Shytock, 6 yrs , S tt. 7 lbs. (Qnina) _ 1 Mr. J. Wintetbooom's bk b Datchman, 6 yes, Est E lbs (J. Campbell) „ 2 Mr. H- T. Moore's bt m MssaUianee, aged, 7 st. 10 lbs. (Gillies).. - 3 Tecpeft w*a scr&Ulird.; At tbe fall of tbe F.tg Datcbmsn jumped away with the had and led Shyiocfc by about half a begib. a Mmilar <liiitflnf? separating the latter from Mesalliance. In this order they need to the South-tenace corner, where the mare fell back (erer&l; lesgtbs in ths rear, anj Sbsloek gJt on ttJT&s; with the black, and into the dip the leaders were racing abraast, tnt once in the straight the cbetcnt brooght Dntehman imder tba whip, and racing him home won at the finish by a dear length. Mtfsalliaace finhhed about a couple of lengths behind ttaeblack, aims, 2nda. 15 sac. StEEIXECHISF. OfSOaovs Tiro and a half miles Mr. B. T. Moon's br g Tandstickor, aged, 9st 12Ibs.(KUUuff) -._...._ 1 Mr. F. C. Barslett's g g Tancred, %ged, 11 st (Owner) - 2 Mr. W. FilstU'cecJemMace. aged,Bst. 7lbs. (TOgaU)_ - 3 Mtsteiy, Warns Warren, Snip, and Transit were scratched. Tancred showed the way to the Ccst fence at a tfrrific nare, bnt at tbe next obstacle he was dlt placedby Jem Maoe, wbocaixied on tbe raming so the Uip, when hs was joined by Tandittckor. Ifce last-naced was the first over the qoadmp'e, ?iib landed whipping in, but at tbe back of the cocnetbe foncer struct ba.-'ly and was displaced by Jem Mare. A go?d rare ensued between the leading pair until reaching tbe bni. when Mr. F3 jatt's geldfaig was bt&len.; and retired behind X*n crtd. All the way from the dip the br jwn bid the race we? in band, but little Tencrfi woo was tra- Ef. rfEarily pttMKred wttb was oily beaten by a <)' ten leccths at ths finish; Jem Hace was a bad third. Time, S xcta. 14 sec , FU>aL HU>XICtP. Of ?ok>ti. tine mile Mr. T. Tobias's br g Fscape. 5 yris.. 7 st. 10 lbs. (Qnisn) -.1 Mr S. Ferrj'a b g Twupest. aged, 6 st., 10 lbs. (Hcmell) .. .. _ - ?? - -2 Mr. W. FHpateV c f Crarioa, S yrs., 6 ?t. 3 lbs. |Wt8ll?) - 3 Czatina look up tbe renning sosn after startiag, wuhTiTnpeststcondandr>cai>ela?t.t)Ut tbe illy tui.cirg wide at tbe torn aliored Escape, wtoe citne ttryfost approaching the dip, to aeenre first place. Fnttiinp tbe tUalpht Tetcpest lookei dangerons f< r a acmeat, bnt hr soon oied away and allowed F?=cape to win rather easUy at tb? finish by about hall la" drztnj lengths. Cxariaa was a bad third. Tine, 1 mm. M sec. Mr. Cowan was fined £3 Cor neglecting ta have his bone Bifleman at the post in time n the SeJline Hurdle Race. After the Selling Handicap the winner, AH Smoke, was bought in by Mr. Ferry at 33 guineas. 