OP HIGH DEGREE, A STORY i BY CHARLES GIBBON, Author of Robin Grav," " A Searfs Problem/ "In Horioul- Bound," "Queen of the Meadow," 1 ".The Braes of yarrow," &c.; CHAPTER L. TEAGEDY IN TIIE DRAWING-BOOM—SCENE III, Individual conceptions of what might, could, would, or should happen are seldom realized. , As he stepped meditatively towards the drawing-rpom, Mr. Dottridge had no donbt in his own mind that the result of his inter- : view with Ruth would be their marriage. W hat was there to hinder it ? She cared for no one—next to Stephen—so much as himself. She had proved his devotion to her; she knew that if it were within the compasB of human power to make her happy he would do it. She knew that she could not have the happiness she had hoped for with Meredith, and so what was there to prevent her tryin? to be happy with him. He did not see the meanness of allowing hfe own wish to be happy with a woman to make him try to force her to overcome repugnance. Certainly in this case it was not exactly repugnance ; for Ruth knew him well and esteemed his many good qualities. But she did not, could not, would not, love him. He said to himself:— " By and bye she will learn to love me. She has a generous nature, and she knows how much 1 have sacrificed for her. She cannot help yielding when she remembers that and sees how much happiness she may confer upon others," When everything was explained to her— when it was made clear that by marrying him she could make the home of Derewood happy—that she could save the distracted Dahlia from utter despair, and that she could restore Stephen Meredith to reason—she could not do otherwise than consent, unless— Now that was a thing which had never occuried to him before. Here was this woman constantly with him ; her every action, almost her every thought, known to him; and there bad never been any sign which could suggest that any man except Stephen or himself had entered seriously into her mind in relation to marriage. Lut why might it not be that others had. occupied her mind ? He dismissed the thought, impatient at it and at himself for entertaining it. He knew her too well to think it possible, that another man had found a moment's consideration with, her. Brassev was 3n the hall, looking perfectly contented under the impression that a pleasant family party was being held. He wasdecidedly startled by the sudden appearance of his master with the command :— " Tell Miss Clark I would like to speak toher in the drawing-room on imxiortant business." " Sir!" gasped the worthy old servant, as if a ghost haid appeared before him. Mr. Dottridge repeated his command " But Miss Clark is in the drawing-room.. She has been there for ever so long, and she has seen ever so many people. Sne hasn't come out to luncheon !" The fact that she had not come out toluncheon was in Brassey's mind most absolute proof that sbe was still in the room. Mr. Dottridge passed on ; but when he touched the handle of the door his heart seemed to miss a beat; he was conscious that he stood upon the threshold of his fate. Whatever good or ill might happen to others as the consequence of Ruth's answer to what he was about to say—it was life or death to him. Have you ever climbed a high mountain— repeatedly disappointed by finding each new steep only the prelude to another—and at last naving reached the summit lain doWn to rest, pan tine: and tired? A clear blue sky overhead; mountains like jagged marbles lying around you, and villages like toy places at your feet. How glorious it all seems ; how masterful you feel, and you quote With something like full appreciation of the sense of the much paraphrased quotation, " Monarch of all I survey." Then suddenly there sweeps a white mist over all that lies below you, veiling everything from your sight. The great white thing creeps gradually up and around you, covering every landmark you have noted, and—although you have still the clear sky above—bewildering you as to what direction you ought to take in order to reach, your haven. That was precisely the position of Mr. Dottridge as he paused at the door. He had climbed the height, steep over steep, and there seemed to be a clear way before him ; but now there came this mist; his fate lay behind it, and he hesitated to penetrate it. All that seemed clear before was dark now. Drawing a long breath he turned the handle resolutely and entered. He thought Brassey had been mistaken, and that Ruth was not there, the big room was so silent. It was a ghostly looking room at any time, with its pale lavender walls and its hangings, only of deeper lavender slashed with gold, At this moment Mr. Dottridge could not help the grotesque association of ideas in fancying that he was entering a whitened sepulchre. But that was only for a moment. Ruth appeared before him, and it was like sunrise upon a spring landscape. She had been resting—or trying to rest— in her distraction; andf when the door opened she was glad of any interruption to her bewildered thoughts. When she saw who came she advanced quickly, her hands extended as if for support, and he grasped them eagerly, feeling that the mists were already clearing. But he misunderstood the impulsive movement. It did indicate that she was drawn closer towards him by the events iu which, they were involved; but it also indicated that she was most anxious to be tender to Jiim now en account of the pain she was a :out to cause him. In his joy at this reception he was able to laugh. " I see we have all been having a bad time of it. You are looking almost—nay, you are looking whiter than Dahlia. And here is Stephen kicking up such a fuss that I am afraid to see him. You must help me out of all this confounded nonsense." Her hands were still resting in his, and she was looking very steadily in his face. " Yes, I must help you—it seems as_ if I must help every one out of this cruel position. Have you ever wished that we had sunk in the small boat-before reaching land ? I have I have wished it many a time within the last hour." " I have done nothing of the kind. I am ery glad indeed to be at Kemerton again, and most glad to have you with me." " And I am sorry." She said it so bitterly and sincerely—that was the worst of it—her friend wondered and was taken aback. Here now a little bit of the mist was blown away, he determined to clear it with one broad sweep of his hand. "You have seen Dahlia?" he said slowly. Yes, and I have seen Stephen," she answered calmly. "Very well, then, you know the whole position. I have not seen Stephen yet because, as Rapier tells me, he is in such a frantic state that he is likely to murder me. I do not believe that of course; but after what Dahlia tells me I want to see him in your presence." " In my presence !" "Yes, in your presence. . . . Now, Ruth, we must clear this matter to-day. "Whatever harm I have done, I am sorry for it. But I recognise no harm so creat that it may not be forgiven; and whatever it may be, it is greater in its effect than it was in all my calculations." "If you could have seen !'" she exclaimed in a tremulous voice " Ay, that is what we all say—if we could have seen. But, be just to me—surely, there is something due to my love for you." She withdrew her hands and shrank back from him trembling. " That is the cause of all our trouble." 1 Then end the trouble—be my wife. I do not say be mistress of Kemerton, for you are the master of its master. I only say make the best of a bad position—I own it is a bad position—save Dahlia from insanity, and save Meredith from something worse." She stoodlikeareedswayinginagreatwind, and then she spoke in a low voice, but clear as a sharp bell in a still, frosty morning:— "Iwouldsay 'yes,' but I have promised him to say ' no.' Were I to yield to you it would be the proof of my falsehood to him." US' ADVICE TO MOTHERS 1—Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth! Go at once to a chemist ana get a bottle of MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING STRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and jleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gnms, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the towels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery an<T diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or othei causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at 1M. per bottle. Utc* C8* THROAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENESS.—All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarses ness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous "lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is. ljd. per box. People troubled with a "hacking cough," a "slight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serioaa Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words " Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on the Go • vernment Stamp around each box. Prepared by JOHN I. BROWN & SONS, Boston, U.S. European depot removed to 38 Fsmngdon-road London. t Utcvs far Smokers who enjoy the fragrant weed prefer EUREKA TOBACCO above any other COLONIAL brand. ISthsc 