What will he Monday's Weights ? On the coming Monday afternoon tbe weights arc to make their appearance for tbe Melbourne Cup, Sydney Metropolitan, aud Hawkeelmry Haudicap— thoBC for the Graml National Hurdle Race and Grand National Steeplechase appearing in tbe fore noon— and tbe questioning thought which is up>cruiost in all horsey men's minds is that which beads Ibis topic. For my own part, beyond " scratching my head " over what is likely to be Mr. Barnard's starting point for our own popular event, it has seemed a mere waste of time to attempt the framing a self-fancied scale, as do many turf en- thueinbts, because mull a production only serves to prejudice the compiler in favour of hi own illegitimate offspring, NatbeletS, it is neither presumptuous to form an opinion us to wbat bhould be the top allowauce, nor out of place to guess what it will be. I therefore venture to state that 9st. 91bs. (3lbs. ov<-r weight-for-age) is quite sufficient to place on the be-t animal in the land, though I shall not be surprised if th commencement be 10ft. or a pound over. It may bo invidi ous to immediately crgue this doubtful poiut, aud in legal re.-m'H any pro and eon diecuraiou previ"us to a declared verdict might be deemed "Contempt of Court but uo real harm cao accrue from furnishing my own reasons for tbe lower fixture, and finding the probalA plea for a higher choice. The plain fact of the matter is, then, that unless some consideration bo shown by whomsoever be "drosod iu brief authority" the best borers of the day might as well not le enured at nil for Mich races as the Melbourne Cup, their soounr or later scratching being a foregone eoucluriou wh«-u called upon to " carry a ton." If au owner be furtunate to have an exceptional good horec, it seems scarcely jut thai lie should be with malice prepense prevented from having the ghost of a show of winning a valuable stake from far inferior animal's through being absolutely crushed to the ground. It is a trite and true old saying tlmt "an Eclipse could be handicapped to a Jock-ass" — but, as old -Eiop made the frogs observe to the hard-ht'iirtcd boys who stoned them, what is fun for the one is destruction to the other. Advocates for a big beginning will doubtless assert that, the new rule of no weight under tlsl. 71b. compels a resort to something like l"tl. us a starling point in order to "give duffers a chance 5" but I nui by no means sure that we ought to give duffers (or let us say very moderate-raters) an extreme latitude in order to enable thein to lower the colours of infinitely superior competitors. These sumo special-pleaders may also aver that Darebin's wonderful victory in the lust .Sydney Gold Cup gainsays my present ailegutions : but my simple retort will be that "one 6«: llow docs not innke a summer and the many should not suffer for the sake of a finale phenomenon. Thus tmmh for the Melbourne Vuj) in particulnr, although rela tively for all the other coming handicaps; and probably 110 one feels more anxious than nivfelf nnent " what will he Monday's Weights ?' Tue South Australian Jockey Club present their claim to the attention of breeders and owuors to-morrow, 2Sth iuet., for the follow ing events : — South Ausfmlim Stakes (16?!), of 20 etc., mid I') nddol. ( Entrance, II. ) South Australian Dori.y (161;. of 2<J sovs,, etc., with 10) &uvs.; added. St. Lwrer Stakes (IStSI, of 20 sovs., etc., with 100 6 sov. added. Entries arc receivable up to 4 p.m. at the secretariate of the VllC., Melbourne; A.J.C., Sydney; orS.A.J.C., Adelaide. The Y.A.T.C. have issued their mid winter programme for 13th August, there being five eveuts set forth, viz. : —Sapling Sraki-s, of 7i povs., three furlunge; Hurdle Rce, of 75 eovg., two miles; Amateur Challenge Cup Steeplechase, of 100 eove., twotoilve; Selling Race, of lOi) eors., four furlongs ; and Oaulfield Grand Natioual Steeplechase, of 200 aove., two uiilcs aud a half. This is a promising list, tbe oppor tunity for young two-year-olds to learu to face a crowd being a boon to owners, aud a couple of eross-couutry items, under such diverse cotidiiious, being very fitting for the season. Dates of entry, etc., are not yet fixed. The BftUarat Turf and Hunt Clubs have also put forth particulars of tbe two daye' racing to take place, under their joint management, on the 2It aud 22od Septem ber ; and, as the items now advertised ore exactly the aauio as those announced by me last week, there U no need to recapitulate tbem. Suffice it to say that they Lave evidently been drawn up iu a thorough sporting spirit, and cannot fail to be well supported. By-the-hyr, touching the above two fix tures, why in the world do both club elect to call their "big stick" events "Graud National Steeplechases," as if in grandilo quent imitation of the V.R.O's annual jump iiig race at Flemiugt ou ? It may have been very well for the Rev. Rowland Hill to maintain that be " saw no reason why the devil should have all the good tuuee," and therefore had some of hie choicest hymns at his taber nacle sung to opera airs ; but a parallel argument does not hold in the instances I now refer to, for it would be infinitely more telling to call tbe one tbe Caulfield, and the other the Dowling Forest Midwinter Steeplechase. By all meaus add, if deemed derirable, " To be run under Grand National Rules;" albeit, in so doine, let the several committees bear atrictly in mind, and insist upon being carried out, the principal regula tions referred to in the SfobtsXan's leading article last week. Owing to continued unfavourable weather, and the consequent softness of the track on tbe Epsom course, the Sandhurst Trotting Club bate decided to postpone sine die the meeting announced for 4th July. There is no doubt that this step has been well-advised. Mount Gumma acceptances closed yester day, and entries for the minor races require to be made next Tuesday. The meeting ; comes off 00 Wednesday and Thursday, 4th and 5th July, and there is every promise of excellent sport in the go-ahead district just across the South Australian border. Tite Sale Turf Club met in committee on Saturday, the Hon. W. Pearson in the cliair, in order to take into consideration the dash ing of dates between their advertised Steeplechase fixture on 2nd August, and that of the Geelone Club subsequently fixed for 3rd August. It having been plainly shown that the Sale folk were first in tbe field, and had taken every trouble to search all tbe sporting papers in. order to prevent adopting any pro-engaged day, tbe meeting declared itself firm in a determination to stick to their original date. I must grant they have right and reason on their side. A telegram re ceived yesterday elates that the Sale com mittee are to meet again to-day, and take the matter of date into further consideration. Soxr correspondence has passed between the Hon. Wm. Pearson and Mr. J, D. Robin- eon inspecting the similar days for tbe Sale and Geelong meetings, and I had hoped that some arrangement might have been oome to previous to the publication of the 8por(smant in order that those most interested might know the decision — having, in faot, tele graphed to the Geelong secretary for that purpose. However, no news is to hand except that given in the above topic, and more's the pity. Mooeoop.VA acceptances must be signified to the local secretary the day after to-morrow. i.e. Friday, 29th. ' The Sydney Turf Club appears amongst our usefully tabulated " Racing Arrange ments" as having fixed upon tbe 6th of October, aod also the anniversary holiday in January, for racc-meetinga at Randwick. On the former date (which ia a week before the Caulfield Guineas and a fortnight before the Caulfield Cup) tho principal item is in tended to be a two-year-old spin, as a sort of publio trial for the New South Wales youngsters engaged in Viotorian events ; and on the latter occasion a" rich and varied pro gramme, with no less than £1300 added money, will be presented. Mb. "W. S. Cox is at last in a position to announce the opening meeting at his new course, which he has christened by the well- soundiug appellation of Moonee Valley, and hiw first programme is to be run off on Saturday, 11th August. I hope he may make bis freeh euburhau speculation profit able to himself and useful to a certain olas of homownere. We publish the Ruckhampton weights for the mi-re purpose of showing tbo eomewhat exaggerated idea entertained by the handi capper of Ciinnaroulla's ability, the hoi>e having Oat. 13ib. iu the P-Tt Curtis Hindi- cup, and 9et. 121b. in the Rockhampton Handicap. Goldfiudcr und Gieniroe, both good performers in Queensland, are put witbiu 131b. of him. Tjie Tasmanian Racing Club has taken up tbe subject of legalising the Totalisator, and au endeavour is to be made to have a Bill to that effect introduced into tbe next session of Parliament. Mb. Taldot, a popular Ta-unanian turfite, has lextH'd from Mr. Sain Gardiner, of Buu- doora Park, tbe ILyden colt by Euglii.)imau, and the younirster Iihd juioed the well-bred yearling purebred by the same gentleman at Raudwi<-k, in the autumn, aud now b -iug educated by Tommy Wilson, at Dowling Forest. Randy Andy, winner of the firi?t Maiden Hurdle Race at the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting, and a good performer on the fiat also, has just sailed for India in company with about the largest and best selection of horses which ever left the Australian shores for that distant market. Messrs. G. Gkescoek and Warren were the shippers, and that tip-top Corinthian rider, Mr. Willie Glasscock has accompauicd the vcuture. Floods have been 0 heavy in Adelaide as to flood the Morphetville course several feet ti. op, am the euxetsiker's family had to take refuge in the Grand Stand, as the furniture was floating about iu hi cottage. Word has nifl'i come over that t-omo of Sir Thomas Elder's brood mares, now s» near foaling, are up to tbeir bellies in the flood waters, and this misfortune, if true, is greatly to be regretted. Tnii filly out of Housemaid, by Mari- byrooug, has just been named " Cbloe" ; aud I trust to bo excused for appropriately hopiug that when unclothed ou «t racecourse sbe may " strip as t tell" as the figuro iu Dr. Fitzgerald's beautiful paintinir — tbe wood cut copy of which so shocked the modecty of 1'olicemau X. at Kyneton. Sinoe penning the above playful remarks, u fuuny friood ha observed to me that " Cbloe ought to make h good handicap mare, as she would fiirry nothing on her back." Not bad, is it !' So soon as the letters from a couple of dis contented stnke-Gnders for Professor Miller appeared in print, 1 took the opportunity to elate that "it is not usual, except under any especial pre-arranged conditions, for a shilling more than the battle-money tc be returned ; and even, under such particular conditions, expenses for travelling, training, aud so forth, arc liberally deducted." It is gratifying, therefore, to find our elder contemporary The Australasian, reply as follows to an inquirer, viz. : — " It is customary for those who make the stakes to receive only their own money back agora" — and this joint opinion should induce each grumbler to say peccaci ! The Adelaide hounds had a "Ladies' Meet " last Thursday, aud a correspondent writes me that the new Governor's better half, Lady William Robinson, is a perfect Diana, no better horsewoman having ever graced the covert side.iu Australia. An exhibition of American trotters, in their paces, took place last Thursday, in Albert Park, for the special behoof of their Excellencies tbe Marquis of Normanby and Lord Augustus Loftus. Tho horses shown were Honesty, Len Rose, Boccaccio, Ajax, Contractor, and Defiaoce, who wero driven several times, and at different speed, past the carriage containing the two Governors. Messrs. J. A. Roberta and J. J. Miller each did tho honours of the occasion, and detailed the pedigrees aud performances of the fast steppers, the worthy Marquis and bis noble visitor expressing themselves tnuoh gratified at the display made. AMON'gst the recent changes of ownership it mAy be mentioned that Abe Davis has such confidence in the handsome grey mare Josephine, whom he has so long trained for Mr. Joe Harper, that he bos cheerfully given him £150 for her ; and Mr. Harry Haines has also become the possessor of the colt out of Lady Manners -Sutton, by Wollomai, lately belongiog to Mr. Edward Weekcs. Mb. Wiixiast Filgatk, so long well- knowu and well-liked in Victoria, has been made starter to the South Australian Jockey Club, and I heartily congratulate both parties to the appointment. The gratifying fact would have been noticed by mo last Wednes day had tbe telegraphic message conveying the intelligence not been incorrectly copied as " Mr. Tom Filgate and not knowing any Thomas " of that ilk," I feared to pub lish it, though hoping the error to be readily guessed at. " Many a true word is uttered in jest," saith tbe proverb, aud, by Jove 1 this was proved at a meeting of the Viotorian Cham ber of Manufactures held a few daye ago re au Australian Exhibition being held in Lon don. Quoth the Argus report, " One gentle man submitted that cricketers, rowing men, and racehorses were tbe best exhibits we oould send to England and I verily believe that such a display would be a hundred times more beneficial as an Australian advertise ment than Collingwood pegged boots or Geelong fancy tweeds. Perhaps tbe only advisable addition to the proposed sporting items would be a few copies of tbe Mel bourne Spo&tsxan;, and that would assuredly " knock 'em." (Ahem !) An AJbury correspondent writes thusly : — " At the Wodonga raoes last Christmas, tbe principal handioap was won by a horse natnea Jack Sprat, owned by a Mr. Towns- end. A protest was entered on tbe gronnd that the horse had previously won under the name of Revenue, and had not been entered as Jaok Sprat (late Revenue.)' The steward upheld the proteeti sad paid the stakes to the owner of, the aeoood horse. Mr. Town send, thereupon, sued them in the Wodonga County Court for the amount of tbe prize, and the reserved judgment has sow been given by his Honor in favour of the plaintiff for the amount claimed and ooets." In reference to the above topic, it will be remembered that, a couple of weeks since, a paragraph appeared about a hone being dis qualified at a distant race-meeting for running under the name of "Old Jack," whereas be should have been called Jack Sprat, and was declared to be the same little horse onco owned by Mr. Wynafe, and afterwards by Mr. John Brown, of Ballarat, and Mr. Le Sueur of Geelong. This allegation I begged leave to doubt, remarking that, in such case, he must be some twenty years of age, and therefore a veritable old Jack ; bat it now turns out that be is identical with the animal who has furnished fees for the Wodonga and Albnry lawyers. Ik mentioning the brood mares running in the well-grassed paddock at the Hoo. James While's country estate of Eirkbam, near Camden, the principal stress was laid on those imported from England. In looking over my notes, however, I find that the dam of Morpeth, who is named Goldfinch, is also on the elud farm, aud has a full brother at foot of that beautiful and much improved white- legged chesnut, Chester and The Pontiff Are the resident stallions, but each are at the service of the public, and most of Mr. White's choice mores are iu foal to the former, whose deeds on tbe Australian turf need no trumpeting. I keveb like to interfere with, or, much mnre, mako a mockery of, any religious individuals or insttere ; but if profeesors of peouliar holiness choose to step acres the ; broad dividing line, and to trecpASM on my own prufe-sionnl ground, then it behoves me to nhow the intruder that mi-htdtenicnts must uot be allowed to go unchallenged. In an evening contemporary last Siturdny the following Feuteuces appeared : — " Once,' continued Mr. Hampson, only once, I whs upon a racecourse, aud there we went to deliver tracts. It was a very fnehionablc day. Royally was there. I saw a little tent standing by itself, whilo two soldiers, with driwn sword, marched round it, ir.e.n- im? each other. I was told that it was the Prince of Wales tout. He alone could go in, with such as he chose to take.' " Now- sad, aud seemingly umrallunt, as it is to coutradio'. n ltdy puint-blank— it i still my duty to ut)h.-iU'iuirly aert that ou uo racecourse io England does tbe Heir- Apparent have a military guard or a private tent ! and such transparent tarra-diddles must only be told to horse-marines, for neither sailors nor sportsmen can swallow them. Tiibouoh the similarity of names, au error was lu&de; in framing the weights for the Ladies Trophy, and the amended lirt now gives Kin ir Charles Sat., whilst Sir Charles Las 7et. 3lb., the pair having been handi capped as the same horse. TnE Williamstown Club widely Announce iu time that their annual races will bo nuain run, this year, 011 ibe Prince of Wales birthday, the Dili November, and tho fixture duly appears amougst our ' Racing Arrange ment." There is to be an afternoon's rAcing at Bungarec, near Ballarat, on Friday, entries having been received last Saturday, and ac ceptances being due to-day. Mb. John G. Douoiiarty, on account of Meecre. Wilson and Dougharty, of Orneo, has suld tbe following well-bred borces to Mr. John M'K'.llar, of Scrathkellar, at satisfactory prices: — Hugheoden (imported), by Ring Tom ; dura, Maybloom, by New- minster. Biudi, by Lady lurk ; dam. Young Roeey, by Atnator. Bells of Biudi, by Huuheudeu ; dam, Bindi. Bay or bron'u filly, by Hughendon ; dam, Evangeline (imported), by Blair Athol. Bay or brown filly, owu|sister tojtbe two precediup. Chest nut colt, by Bughenden; dam, Tilly, by Lacydes (imported). Brown colt, by Hutriicn- den ; aatu, Hiunomuugie, by Blinkhoolie (imported). Chestnut colt, by Hughcudeu ; dam, Bindi. The Cranbourne Racing'Clnb invite tenders for leasing their course for training or graz ing purposes, and the particulars are to be found in the advertising columns of this day's Mb. N. R. D. Bond, tbe energrtio " scratch" of the Amateur Turf Club, has succeeded in making arrangements with the railway department to carry members, and two ladies, free to all meetings at Caulfield for the next twelve months, commencing on Saturday. Although scratching# for the Caulfield meeting, next Saturday, need not be made just yet, tbe pen has already commenced to go to work, Don Silva baring been withdrawn from tbe G-old Cup Steeplechase, Game and Matador from the Hurdle Race, Allandor from the Ladies' Trophy, and Taxaraxacum and Abdullah from the Open Steeplechase. Nominators are reminded that unless they signify tbeir intention of non-starting before 3 o'clock to- morrow they will be liable for the full sweepstake. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold the race mare Josephine to Mr. A. Danes ; tbe Panic hone Alarm, sire of Leithamslead and Fright (trotters), and Blackthorn (steeplechaser), with nine thoroughbred and three quarter bred mares, to Mr. W. K. Virgoe, of Rircriua j tbe colt Orion, by Morning Star from Pauline, to the Squatting Investment Compauy, and the well- kuown poDy " Teddy," to Mr. Weeks. Finding fault with handicaps aud handi- cappers is a very uncongenial task to mo, albeit some sporting scribes seem to revel in the enjoyment of M pinning a cockchafer." In the coming Caulfield events, however, there appear several hardships, and noticeably the thumping allowance of list. dibs, ou Black thorn in the steeplechase, though he has only won once, whilst others he gives weight to have frequently got a judge's verdict. Tumult, abo, has caught it hot with Sst. 2lb. iu tbe Ladies' Trophy, despite never having scored a victory, and only once gettiog a place when a two-year-old. It may possibly be borne in mind by those who keep themselves posted in English racing affairs that ft horse named Barcledean, belonging to what is known at home as " the Irish party," caused a fuss in sporting circles some two years ago, and a disqualifi cation of one of ibe said party, through an at tempt to inveigle Sir John Aatiey into "stand- ing-in " over a proposed shady transaction anent the Mauohester Cup. By our Loudon namesake, of 5th May, I notice that thie same Miimal has just made his first re-appearance at Kempton Fork, and at onoe proved bis real ability by beating such animals as Tristan and Wallenstein, though carrying the steadier of lOst 31b. Thx Sathurst Sentinel has favoured the Spobtshan and myself with each kindly comments in its latest issue, that I may be pardoned the vanity of quoting them, for every journal likes to be praised from " Dan to Beeraheba!" The paragraph is as follows:— "We notice that Tout Cela has, during his late visit to New South Wales, visited the prinoipal training and breeding establishments at and near Sydney, of which he gives an accurate, lengthy, and interest ing description ol eaoh in that raciest of raoy sporting papers, the Melbourne Spobtsuan, a paper which he ably edits. As a sporting eoribe, and safe tipster, 'Toot Cela, whom we have known for many yean, requires a lot of wiping out." Thompson, who for tbe last seven or eight year ban been training Mr. Chalk's horses, informs me that he is open to an engagement as private trainer. Mr Chalk, I regret to hear, is giving up racing. 