THE CORONATSON OF THE Q V: :0ZAR, ... r From the . English - papers which arrived :i. on Monday in tho mail steamer Pekin wo ex- '' traofc thb following account of the festivities in connection with the coronation of the Czar : — .- EN ROUTE TO MOSCOW. A correspondent, describing tho journoy from St. Petersburg, to Moscow, remarks that when ho \- left .the northern capital it looked brighter and gayer than it had for many months past. It was the birthday of tho Czarowitch, tho heir to tho throne of AU tho Russias, and the streets were hung with flags in honor of tho occa- eion. Moreover, tbo harbor had just been- Teopened for navigation, and after its long winter sloop tho Nora was onoo mora "aiivo with sailing vessels and steamers pouring forth the rich produce of tho . south and wost into tho lap of the empress : t>f tho north, their long lines of colored bunting adding to tho brilliancy of tho scene. The sun, too, seemed anxious to make up for lost time, and shone brightly, as if rejoicing at his viotory over King Frost, Tkcro was, however, more than ono indication that this was something over and aboro an ordinary holiday.- The crowds' that filled the streets wero not composed znorely of idlers. On all sides peoplo'wcro hurrying about with preoccupiod faces, and evidently having no timo tosparo. Thero seemed, too, to beanin- Crease upon tho usual, contingent of foreigners, and towards evening the Ncvsky Prospect was ' crowded with hotel omnibuses, and later with cabs and carriages, all mailing the best of . their way to tho Moscow railway station. In short, the exodus from tho new capital to tho old had commenced, and St. Petersburg, if unable to participate in the glories of the coronation, at least onjoyed the scanty consolation of being enlivonod by the dopar- turo of tho Court and tho Upper Thousand ; ahd those foreign guests who had made it a. " temporary resting place on tho way to the city of the Czars. So great was tho demand otvtho rolling stock of the Nicholas Railway that it was \- 'no easy task to get to Moscow at all, and many persons who had failed to obtain tickets before : hand were left behind altogether. The train started punctually enough, in spite of the inde scribable bustle and confusion, to which the different nationalities of tho passengers cbiolly '"contributed. On the lino between the old aud tho new capitals there aro no towns, which is owing to tbo fact that Nicholas, that most superb of autocrats, markod out iti course with his pen in a straight lino from St. Petersburg to Moscow. Handsome buildings havo, however, been erected at the various stations to supply the wants of travellers, and at Luban most of the . paesongcrs got out to take aoroo refreshment, the \- majority favoring tea, which is the national bererngc. When night camo on it was necessary to make some arrangements for sleeping. In the morning we woke up to find that wo bad passed irom a region where tho buds wero only juBt peeping forth to a country rich in all the fresh greenery of spring, And so far cast that our watches wore already 20 minutes late. The \- crowd assembled to receive us at Moscow was, if anything, greater than that which saw us off at St. Petersburg, but tho strcots presented much, their usual appearance. There was not a house : In tbo city but was decked with flags, tho Rational colors — white, bluo and red, or wbito, orange and black, in horizontal stripes— being the most prominent, as by a recent odict foreign flags may only be displayed Irom buildings oocupied by ambassadors or con- eula. Tho Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, ac companied by Lords Cianwilham and Wolaeloy, attended by Colonel .Clarke and Sir Edward Thornton, reached Moscow on 21st May and drove at once to the Kremlin, and shortly after to the Petroffsky Palace. THB STATE ENTRY INTO MOSCOW. Preparations on a colossal scale and of a most elaborate character had been made by tbo au- .. thorities in order to ensure tbo successful pro gress from beginning to end of the solemn entry of their Imperial Majesties, tho Emperor and \- Empress of AU the Russias, into the ancient capital of their dominions on 22nd May. As early as eight o'clock almoRt the entire . population of Moscow, the majority in their holiday clothing, seemed to be afoot, and thecon- \- courseof rapidly-driving droshkios was, of course, prodigious ; but as each quarter of an hour passed it became more and moro apparent that tbo authorities wero vigorously determined to ; keep clear the entire line of procession from tbo TvOr Gate along the Tvorskaia, which is four English miles in length, to tho Kremlin. At ono o clock precisely the booming of cannon announced that the Czar and Czarina and their escort had left tho Petroffsky Palace, and tho troops lin- \- log tho route woro Callod to attention. Att a quarter-past two another salvo of . artillery announced that their Imporial , Majesties bad journeyed from the Petroffsky Palace to tho Tver Gate, and had entered the City of Moscow. From this timo until the ap pearance of tbo head of the procession there wero but few intervals between tbo roaring of cannon, -thundering forth of anthems and patriotic hymns by the 300 musicians and choristers, and jang ling of innumerable bolls in all the campaniles of ibis exceptionally campanological Kremlin. THE PROCESSION. It was at a few minutes after thrco that tho bead of tho Imperial procession came in sight of tbo spectators at tbo ramparts. Tho route for a . long distance was oncrimsoned by the glowing rod mosses of tho uniforms of tho Czar's body. ;. guard, mounted on bluck chargers. Theao .cuporo; .horsomon wero succeeded by two squadrons of dragoons of the PskofT regi ment, bearing on thoir equipments tne nyphor of her Imperial Majesty the Czarina. Then camoa greatbulk of Cossacks of the Don, thoir Esrb red, their lances of the same ensanguined uo. Tho Don Cossacks wero followed by a numerous and glittering cavalcade of repreBenta- . tives of the Asiatic races subject to Russia. Tho : "Quaint picturesqueness of these Oriental chief- ; tains almost beggars description, and makes bankrupt all f'lanchfs Cyclopedia of Costume. ' There wero caftans of cloth of gold, of silver, satin, silk, velvet and plush of every color under the rainbow. Thero wero doublets aud robes brocaded. There wero tho hilts and scabbards of scimitars, the holsters of pistols, the housings and cbnmfrons and very bridles and stirrups of . borses. thickly encrusted with diamonds, emeralds and rabies. There wasotnbroidory of seed pearl, and embroidery simulating flowors exquisitely worked in rich stuffs. Thero were damascened breast plates and bucklers, and.r.ilken sashes stuck full . of handjars, daggers and pistols. Rut par- ' ticuhrly striking was tho amazing variety of headdresses worn by the Baschkirs and Oural 'Cossacks. A toworing kalpack of snowy white lambswool, a turban of tho precise shape, ; dimensions and color of a huge melon, and a kind of Phrygian cap, glisten- tag wrth brilliants ana rabies, will not xe&auy; bo pffscod from wy memory , ftTr « Uriontals came tho represent lira. o£ the nobility of Moscow, Loaded by their marshal, and thon- a senator in Bcarlet, mounted on a somewhat fiery steed. Tho valett de cour, or court lacquoys, followed, walking two and two, an imposing band, fully 100 strong, in dark green Iivory coats bodizened with gold, crimson plush nolhor garments, golden garters and white hose. Then camo a clustor of negros in fantastic costumes, who are stylod Arabs.of the Household. Thoy woro succeeded by two bodies of tho Imperial huntsmen, ono beaded by tho Grand Ecoycr, and tho otbor by tbo Grand Vdnoor. Then camo tbo Grand Master - of Ceremonies in a highly carved and gilt chariot of antique fashion, drawn by two white horses ; then Gentlemen of the Chamber, in their richly laced uniform, includ ing tho feather-edged cocked hat that costs 2000 roubles, pranced by on mettlcsomo steeds, clear ing tho way for the Archmastcr of Cercmonios, Count Pahlcn, in a closo double-seated carriage, ono mass of gold ornament and drawn by six coal- black horses. A number of gilded coaohes fol lowed, leading .up to the immediate porsonal escort of the Bmporor, tlio far-famed Chovatier Guards, in their white tunics, shining cuirasses and silver ensqucB surmounted by tbo offlgy in gold of tho doublo-boaded oaglo with oatspread wings. A dotachraent of Gardes h Obcval fol lowed tho Chovalier Guards, and then, alone and well in front of his numerous and splondidly caparisoned staff, roda his Imperial Majesty Alexander III., Czar of All tho Russias. Tho apparel of Alexander Alerandroivich was, con sidering Iris exalted rank, simplicity itself. . Ho wore, ovor tho uniform of a Gonoral Officer, tho broad bluo ribbon of St, Andrew, and upon his head a scbapka or low busby of black Astrachan. Ho was mounted on a wbito charger, and looked every inch an ompcror, waving bis right hand repeatedly in acknowledg ment of tho thunderous acclamations with which he was greeted by tho vast and ontliusiastio mnl-. titudc. As for the great company of Grand Dukes, Generals, Aidcs-de-Carap, and exalted military functionaries who followed in tho wake of tho Czar, the exigencies of tho telegraph wiro dony tho opportunity of describing the splen dor of their attire and tbo multiplicity of their decorations. Her Imperial Majesty tho Czarina followed her illustrious con sort in a low hung, largo wheeled, heavy axled chariot, ono moss of gold, and so quaintly old-fas hioned in its form that no very groat stretch of imagination was nccdod to favor tho idea- that tho vehicle bad been prosontcd by our Queen Anno to a Russian Czarina. Tho Empress's car riage was surrounded by the gorgeously-clad Cossacks of the Household and bylmporial pages in blue velvet and white-plumed casques. The chariot itself wa9 drawn by eight mngnificent horses. An immense cort6gc of carriages with six and four horsos followed, convoying female members ot the Imperial family and dames and demoiselles dhonncvr virtually without number. The Czar dismounted and entered the Chapel of tho Tvorian Virgin, beforo entering tho Kromliu. It was curious to watch tho Chovalier Guards reverently doffing their glittering helmets as they passed under the arch of the holy gate of tho Kremlin. This, says the . correspondent, was all he was enabled to seo from the top of a wall, of a pageant which, in point of military vastness and sumptuary magnificence, could scarcely bo equalled in any country in Europe, and which certainly could not bo sur passed in any country in tho world. > The only 'pleasurable feature which tho procossion lackod was sunshine, and that came, provokingly enough, when the Bhow was at an end and the Czar and Czarina woro safe in tbo Kremlin. THE CEREMONY DURING THE PROGRESS OF THE PROCESSION. - At tho entrance to tho city their Mjosties wero rocoivod by tho municipal authorities, and further on by the representatives of tb'e Zemslvo of Moscow. At the Place Tverskaia ft deputation of boyards was in attendance, and presented a loyal address to his Majesty, who returned a most gracious reply. At tho Gate of the Resur rection tho Emperor received tho ro3pocts of an other group of officials, and again spoke a fow ap propriate words in response. His Majesty then dismounted, and the Empress alighted from her carriage, aud both knelt and fervently prayod for some moments before the shrine of Our Lady of Tver, one specially venoratcd in Russia. These dovotions concluded, tho procossion resumed its way. Near the church of St. Saviour tho Commandant of Moscow and bis offi cers were in waiting ; and near tho Cathodral of the Assumption tueir Majesties received the homage of the Seoatc. As each church was passed the clergy emerged from its portals bear ing crosses and holy icons. At the rod staircase their Majesties alighted and went into tho Cathe dral of the Assumption, where a solemn Te Deum was sung, in thanksgiving for thoir safe and happy entry into their capital. Tho choir thon sang the hymn for Palm Sunday, and the fast ot their Majostioc1 entry into the cathe dral was ahnoauccd by a salute of 85 guns. After prostrating themselves before tho sacred icons the Imperial pair wero conductod by the Metropolitan Joannikine to the Cathedral of tho Archangel Micbaol, where repose the remains of so many Czars. Hero their Majesties wore re ceived by the Metropolitan of Tver, and thence conducted to the Cathedral of the Anflunoiation, where all Imperial baptisms and marriages were formerly celebrated. At this edifice they were received by the Court Almoner. Prayers of thanksgiving were offered up in each cathedral. These various and complicated ceremonies necessarily consumed a considerable amount of time, and it was therefore just upon b&If-past; four when their Majesties entered the Palace of the Kremlin, where thoy were received by the clergy with crosses and holy water, and were presented by the Court officials with broad and salt on a Bilrcr gilt plate. This was the final ceremony. CONSECRATION OF THE BANNER OF THE EMPIRE. The lending featuro of tho programme on 24th May was the solemn consecration of tho Banner of the Empire, which is renewed upon the occa sion of tho accession of each now Monarch to tbo throne of Russia, previous to tho coronation. The ceremony took place in tho Throne or Trophy room in the Oranjeivaya Palaco. which answers to the Tower of London. The State regalia are kept together with u largo collection of arms and armour of all decryptions and of all ages. Hero uro the por traits of the Russian Sovereigns, here an antiquo State carriage of exquisite workmanship, to gether with trophies taken in almost ovory war in . which Russia has been engaged iu her march of conquest of her neighbors duriug many centuries. Tho ceremony was appointed to take place at noon, and punctually at that hour tho Emperor, with tho Empress on his arm, ertV tered the apartment and took up bis. station opposite to the banner, which hung from a staff, supported by a small tripod stand, in tho ccntro of tho room, As upon tho occasion of hia State entry, the Emporor woro tho uniform of a Russian general, with the rib bon of Saint Andrew, which may bo cousidored the special Order of the Imperial Family. Prince Mcnschikoff and Count Mussin Pushkin wore in charge of tho. emblem of Imperial sovereignty. Tho material of this banner is cloth of gold, with a heavy fringe of the somo metal. It bears the double-headod eagle in black, rising abovo a green wrcathof laurol and oak branched On tbeotberside, surrounded by tho arms of the various kingdoms, Grand Dudhies, Principalitiesand Provinces, areset forth the Imperial titles, a long scroll of names and dignities. The consecration service was per form ea by Archbishop Bajanoff, and tras a solemn and' improssivo ono. Its effect was heightened by the charming singing of tho largo choir per manently kept up as part of tho paraphernalia of 'tho' Court. Tho Archbishop, in a short and vefy spirited and earnest address, or prayor, ex pressed a hope that undor thoir now bannor tiod would, confound tho enemies of Russia, auu bring victory and success to her pooplo. THE CEREMONY IN. THE CATHEDRAL. - Alexander III., who succeeded his father moro than two years ago on tho Throno of AU tho Russias, has at lust boon crowned and anointed sovereign of tho vast ompiro which owns his sway. On tho morning of tho 27th May ,n tho presenco of his imperial rolations, of his court, of doputies of bis pcoplo, and representatives of tho states and kingdoms of tho world, civilised aud somi-barbarous, ho assumed tho Impo rial Crown, and was anointod with holy oil, thus confirming and consecrating in tho eyes of his myriad subjects tho righteousness of his rulo and tho sanctity of his person. The scone was ono of such extraordinary imprcs- sivonoss and brilliancy that one almost despairs of being abio to convoy evon a faint roflcction of its glories. Perhaps the utmost that can be said is tuat it was fully worthy of the occasion of tho assumption of autocratic power by an absolute ruler of eighty millions of pcoplo. Moscow was very active by daybreak, and at a very early hour ovcry spot opon to tho public from which a glimpse could bo obtained was thickly packed with spectators, l'ortunatoly tbo lino which the procossion was to follow was a long one, as, al though tho Emperor nnd Empress wero in the palace in tho Kremlin, and had but a short distancotogo to tho cathedral, tho procession started at tho Cavalry Barracks, 4 milos distant. A groat body of heraldic officials, mounted on gorgeously trapped horses, rodo out to the bar racks, and u loud flourish of trumpets was sounded. Tho gates were opened and tho oflicor in command received from tho herald the Czar's order to follow thorn with his regiment, This he did ; tho heralds next visited tho barracks of tho Lancers, and then going round the town wero joined by the University, clergy, judges, governors, prefect!, officers, guilds and deputations, swelling gradually ( until it gained tbo vast proportions which it had assumed when it reached the Kromlin. Every where throughout the city a profuse display of flags, banners, drapory, and devices, all o£ the national colors, . met the cjo, but these wero thickest along the lino of the procession, where every window was crowded, every inch of stand ing room .occupied. The tioops wero in their places at six o'clock, and at eight o'clock the spectators of the ceremony began to assemblo at tho Cathedral of tbo Assumption. Tbo special Ambassadors and members of tho Diplomatic Body assembled at tho resi dence of tho German Ambassador, and thence proceeded in State carriages. Tho Emperor, who woro the white uniform qf a colonel of tbo Im perial Guard, and the Empresss, who was habited in a Russian costume richly embroidered with diamonds, joined tho procession in front of the Palace and took their places under a splondid canopy carried by 32 generals. Those who bad been fortunaio enough to obtain tickets for tho ceremony insido the cathedral began to arrivo at its doors at half-past seven. Tho tickets were necessarily limited in numbor, tho space within tho cathedral available for spectators boing .vcry small. Evon tho invitations to the mombcrs of tho Diplomatic Corps wero restricted, and tbo foreign Princes woro accompanied by only a por tion of their suites. Tho Diplomatic Body ar rived togotbor, having asscmbled-at the Gorman Embassy, and being taken tbonco' in State car riages. By ball-past eight the Cathedral was filled by all the officials and noblos of highest rank and station in Russia, with the excoption of thoso who formed part of tho Imperial procession. The appearance of tho interior was magnificent. Tho Eikonostasis, glittering with gold, formed a background to tho pioture. In the centre, be tween the four groat columns, was tho scarlet ; canopy, with its double-headed oaglo and itsom- blazoning plumes, black, yellow and white. Under this stood the throne, and before ita tablo for the regalia. Every apace on the floor of the Cathedral, save that occupied by tho Imperial tomba, was crowded with an assembly bril liant in uniforms of every color ; whilo the clergy in thoir gorgeous robes, extending in a doublo lino from the dais to tho entrance, presented not , tho least striking portion of the scone. The ceremony commenced by tho chanting of tho To Doum by the choir. Then there was a move ment upon the part of clergy towards tho door, where thoy recoivcd tbo Czarowitch, with whom camo the Grand - Dukes and Duchesses, the Foreign Princes, and many ladies of the Court. The Czarowitch, with tho Grand Dukes, took up his position to the right of tbo dais. After a short timo tho roaring of cannon and tbo deep cheering of tho mighty orowd without proclaimed that the Imperial procession was on its way% On their arrival at the Cathedral their Majesties were addressed by tho Metrepolitan of Moscow, wbilo another prelate hold the cross for them to kiss, and they wero sprinkled with holy water. They woro then led to the throne, which bad heOn placed on a dais under tbo groat cupola, from which was suspended a canopy of scarlot velvet. Aftor a. short sorvice' tho Metropolitans of Novogorod and Kioff ascended the dais and invested tho Emperor with the ermine mantle, and subsequently tho crown, tho scoptro and globe wero prcsentod to him. Next ho called tue Empress, who knolt beforo him and received from him her crown, and, was invested with tho Imperial mantle. Tho Emperor, giving his sword to an official, then wont up to the Imperial Gates, followed by tho Empress, and, standing thero on a carpet of cloth of gold, was anointed by the Metropolitan with tho Bocred ungent on the forehead, eyelids, nostrils, lips, cars, breast and arras, with tbo words, "The se;tl of tho gift of tho Holy Ghost." A second Archbishop wiped each spot as it was touched with cotton wool. Tho Empress was then, anointod in the same way as her husband, but on tho forehead only, Tho brush used for this purpose was sot in gold crusted with pro- ciouB stones, the vessel holding the unguent boing mado of tho samo rich materials. His Majesty then returned to tho Iinporial Gates, whero the Empress communicated in tho ordinary way, after which tho Imporial couple resumed their thrones. The prayer for long life and health, with its triple refrain, resounded onco more, and the clergy and all thoso present wont up in ordor, and congratulated their Majesties on tbo completion of tho ceremony of corona tion. Tho procession then reformed in the same order in which it outered tho church and mado its way to tho neighboring Cuthcdr.il of tho Archangel, whero tho Emperor and Empress kissed the relics and cikons, and did rovercnco at the tombs of tho Russian sovereigns. In tho samo way they visited tho Cathodral of tho Annunciation, also in tho Kremlin, the Emperor 'crowned and adorned with tho Imporial purple, having the scoptro in his right hand und tho orb in bis left. Whilst he was engaged in his devotions tho regalia woro held by tho attending officials. After concluding thoir rotiglouB duticB tho Emperor and Empress roturned to tho palace, accompanied by tho pro cession as beforo. On tho stops tho Czar turned and bowed an acknowledgment of tho enthusi astic choers of tho spectators. THE IMPERIAL MANIFESTO. Immediately after tho ceromony of tho coro nation the Imporial manifesto was, in accord ance with onstom, issued. Ita preamble runs as follow "By tho graoo of God, wo, Alex- ander, Emperor and autocrat of all the Iluasus, Czar of Poland, Grand Duko of Finland, «c., having, by tho will of God, assumed tho cro wn ot our Imporial ancestor, and having -bcon nnointou with tho sacred oil, give thanks to God wRU our wholo heart, by whoso decrco wo fulfil this holy rite, bequeathed us by our forefathers, and equally dear to oursolvcs and to all truo sons of Russia. May tho grcAt Kulor of kings and of kingdoms bless tho day and tho hour wherein boforc His presenco wo repeated tho solomn vow of tho Imperial calling on spot sanctifiou from old time by tbo faith and prayors of the wholo Russian land ! May His Omnipotent Spirit sup port tho powor of our Sovereignty and ondow us with wisdow and strength for tho pacification of all troublos, for tho maintenance of order and justice, andforthoonlightmont oftbepcopletotbe truth ofroligion.forthoconfirination in ovcryclass of obodionco to duty and to tho law, tho preser vation of tho rights and privileges of all won, and of tho goncral security, and for tho in creased prosperity nnd glory of our beloved Fatherland. Being desirous, on tins holy and solemn day, to bond our merciful glances upon all our subjects, wo now, in accordance with tho in most dictates of our heart, turn towards thoso who aro specially in want or oppressed — to thoso who, owing to insufficient moans, tho result of misfortune or circumstances beyond their own control, aro not in a position to fulfil all thoir obligations towards the Stuto ; nor do wo cxcludo from our Imperial clemency those woo, darkening their lives by crimos or misdeed did uo through misunderstanding or carelessness, or having fallon into more Bcrious offences, atone for them by bcoring the punishraont by law allotted with meokness and submission, thereby meriting par don, or at least some alleviation of their lot. Tho body of tho Manifesto is divided into sixteen articles, of which tho first six deal with arrears of fees, dues and taxes, fines, potty doiicits, Ac., which aro for the most part remitted, as arc the punishments involved by non-payment up to tho day of coronation. Tho list is as variod and oxtonsivo as might bo supposod in such an Em pire so vast and with a population so hetero geneous. The roliof is very substantial on tho wholo and affects millions of tbo poorest classes in tho Empire. THE CORONATION CROWN. The orown which tho Czar woro at tho corona ation was tho chef tVeuvvc of the eelobrated jowcllor Jercrnic Panzic, a Gcnovc3e, whose >kill was so great as to obtain for him tho appoint ment of Court jeweller under Cathorino II. no mado tho crown in question for her coronation. Tlio sceptre has. also a his tory, It, too, was ma le by a Gcneveso, ono Duval, and is ornamontcd with tho famous diamond called OrlofF, which weighs about 195 carats.. This, with, the Koiunoor, formed tho eyes of tho massive golden lion couched near tho throne of tlio Great Mogul at Delhi. Tho price paid for this superb stone be foro it was cut, hv Princo Orloff, was 450,000 roubles, but its value, as ostiraatod by a com- mittco of jewellers in 1851, is ovor 2,000,000 roublos. This scoptro was made by order of Paul I. of Russia. THE ILLUMINATIONS. Tho city was illuminated during throo consecu tive nights. The expenses for tho illuminations, which were valued at a fabulous sum, were sustained in part by the municipal commission of tho coronation foativities, and in part by tho Ad ministration of tho Imperial Palace. The muni cipal commission organisod tho Hjiiminatton of tho place surrounding tho Kremlin, which was converted into a public promenade. Tho squares wero illuminated by colossal gay stars and eagles. An elegant pavilion.woa oroctcd on the Arbate- squaro, and illaminntod by thousands and thousands of colorod lamps. Tho effoct was very fantastic. A colossal transparency, representing an allegorical subjoct, was placed at tho bottom of tho Protchistensky Boulevard, one of the finest Btreets in Moscow. The transparency placed in the Rouge Squaro represented the monumont of Minino and Pojarsky. Tho illuminations orga nised by tho municipality represented all tlio Russian national colors, and cost tho municipality 20,000 roubles. Tho Imporial Administration undertook the illumination of tho Kremlin and its ramparts, tho Cathedral of Bosilius, And a part of tho Sophia Embankment. Tho illumi nations wero to a great oxtcnt' mado by oloctric lights. AU tho buildings of tho Kremlin wero covered with lights of various colors, arranged in architectural deaizns. Eight oloctric stars of the power of 40,0 '0 caudles each wore placed at tbo top of tho Kremlin tower. Tho effect was said to bo amazing. Ono of those electricstara pro jected its light on tho Karmoikvorotchio. The correspondent of a morning contemporary, in doBcribing the illuminations, says "I havo seen many groat illuminations, tbo most beauti ful bithorto boing that of Constantinople on tho occasion of the saltan's birthday, but none to compare with that of Moscow; and, indeed, tho illuminations of other European capitals, with tho jet devices and bright glare of gas, lack alto gether tho soft and fairy-liko effoct of tho Oriental display given in Moscow." 