Which Shall It Be? BY M. B. W. PABRISH. From the Christian at Work. CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued.) Witli a piteous appeal in her luminous eyes she said : " Oh, Mr. Preston, do not tell me thiB; please, for my sake, do not." Why, Stella ?" he asked, in surprise. " Because you must not. It never can be." He smiled incredulously. " You do not mean that, dear." "I do, indeed, Mr. Preston. You know I am in earnest. We are not suited to each other." She rose and stood before him, trembling, with every feeling of her heart fighting her words. " Why are we not, Stella ?" he asked, in a grieved voice. Trying to be very brave, she answered: " You know we differ widely in our views, and how could we be one in heart and mind ?" A smile broke over his fiice again as he approached her, and again taking her hand said, " Is that all ? We will not allow that to separate us. All the best hopes of my life are centred in your love, Stella, and I will not be circumvented by a trifle." He spoke almost sternly. " It is not a trifle, Mr. Preston, it is an insurmountable barrier." "Not unless you wilfully make it so. But"—in a tender tone—" you will not allow a chimerical idea like that to outweigh all my love for you." Her poor little cold haud fluttered like a caged bird within his, but assuming all her self-command, she answered: " You call that a trifle which is worth all else to me. My conscience and my Bible explicitly teach me not to enter into a union where soul and sentiment differ so widely as yours and mine. Do you not see we could never be happy ?" " No, I do not. I assure you I would not wish to interfere with your habits and belief. You should be as free as you now are. I would not, if I could, unsettle your faith. On the contrary, I sincerely admire it. I see no just reason why we could not be perfectly content and happy." " You do not look at this matter right, Mr. Preston," she spoke, vehemently. " How could I be happy, knowing that your soul, at enmity toward God, must inevitably be lost, and seeing continually before my eyes, that awful eternal separation ?" " Stella, if there is any human influence that can, in time, win me over to your way of thinking, it is yours. Your presence and example will arouse all the good there is within me." " But I cannot trust to that," she answered. " Your own character and will should make you a man independent of any other influence." " We human beings, mentally so differently constituted, are attracted or repelled by different forces. Does it matter what the principle, if tlie right end is gained ?" " As I told you before, I cannot trust to my influence over you, because I know your temperament too well. You are so strong, so decided, that if ever you become a Christian only God and yourself will accomplish it." She drew her hand from his, and clasping them both before her, looked up into his face appealingly and said : " Oh, have I not pleaded with you, Morgan, to believe the truth ? Have I not said all that I can say, to convince you, and to no effect ?" He laid his hand lightly upon hers, and said in a gentle undertone, " Do you not love me though, Stella, notwithstanding all my obduracy ?" She dared not lift her eyes to his face, but walked several steps away, and then answered, " How could I love you when I despise your most cherished doctrine ?" He stood and watched her, smilingly, complacently, then folding his arms across liis broad chcst, said, " I cannot accept an evasive reply, Stella. Will you answer me ?" Still with downcast eyes she answered, in a tremulous voice, " Don't you see it would be impossible for me to —to love you ?" "Is it? Then look me in the face and say you do not, and I will annoy you no further." His voice was very earnest and low. She did not answer. "Will you not answer, Stella?" he said, after a moment. She raised her eyes to Jiis face; they were full of tears. But her words died on her lips, aud dropping her face in her hands, she sobbed aloud. In an instant his arms were about her, and she pressed close to his loving heart, wliile he said in a voice almost impatient in its earnestness, " Why torture us both ? Tell me if you love me, my darling." She would have been more or less than human, had she not been so imprudent as to answer " yes." " I knew it long ago, Stella, but I longed to hear you say it." As he spoke he wound his hand carelessly among the silky ringlets that lay against his shoulder. " Shall I tell you how much I love you, darling ?" Q.uickly freeing herself from his embrace and moving a few paces from him, she said, " This is cruel, Morgan." Why ?" he asked. Because we must not love each other." Can we help it ?" " We must try." With a 6uddcn impulsive motion, she approached him again, placed her arms about his neck, and with her face upturned to his, spoke fervently. "Oh! Morgan, if you were only religious, if you only believed that God is the Father and Saviour of us all, how gladly would I promise to be your wife " " And you will ?" lie pleaded, reverently touching his lips to the blue-veined forehead. Stepping away from him again, she answered huskily, "No, no, I cannot." He did not approach her, but said eagerly: " Stella, you know that if any mortal power could induce me to promise to alter my principles, I would do it now. Don't you see that any promise of the kind made for the sake of a reward, no matter how coveted that reward may be, would be dishonest with myself and insincere ?" Yes." " What more can I say than this ? Whenever I can believe as you do, I will; but say that you will bo my wife, Stella. You never shall regret it." " Don't make this any harder for me, Morgan," she replied, " for I cannot." But you have said that you love me." " God help me, I know it." He broke two twigs from the sapling that hung near, and tossing them into the water, said : "Come, look, Stella." She obeyed. "Do you see how they are drifting apart," he said, "and every moment widens the distance ? Just sec; one has lodged among the debris about the rocks, while the other floats on unimpeded. Just so will our lives drift apart, Stella, if you send me away to- day, for I will never seek you again." Her voice was very earnest and low as she replied: " Then Morgan, I pray God tliat your life-boat ljiay not be etranded on the rock of infidelity. Oh, what failure it would be, even though it went down amid a world's applause!" The smile had gone off his face now, and there rested on it an expression of intense disappointment. She saw it, and approaching him, laid her hand on liis arm and said : " I will promise you this, Morgan : When you become a Cliristian, or at least relinquish all sceptical views, if it is ten years hence, and I am living, and you need me and want me, I will be your wife." " I will not accept it," he answered somewhat proudly. " I want a promise without any proviso. If you send me away now, it is for all time, even though such a metamorphosis as you mention should take place. I have promised all that I can, with honesty. Do you still adhere to your first words ?" " Morgan," she exclaimed piteously, " I cannot do otherwise." He turned upon her almost fiercly. " You are laboring under a delusion. Does the God whom you serve, and whom you call merciful and kind, require you to make this sacrifice ? for remember, you punish yourself in punishing me." Then in a calmer tone, and with an earnest, appealing look said: " Stella, I ask you once more, and think well before you answer, " Will you be my wife ?" She looked into his handsome, noble, pleading face, and all her heart went out to him then, but she sobbed out rather than spoke, " I cannot, cannot, God help us both!" His only reply was to ask in a calm, even voice, " Shall I see you home, Miss Stella, or would you prefer to walk alone ?" For answer she walked toward him. He untied her hat from the bough, and they walked on in silence to the gate. The moss and the baskets were forgotten, the sweet music of the birds unheeded, the springing flowers were crushed beneath tlieir feet unnoticed, and the brightness of the sunlight was gone out of Stella's sky. He opened the gate for her to enter, then lifting his hat politely, bade her " Good evening," and walked away. She was too stupefied to reply. Her mother met her on the threshold and said : " Why, daughter, you look like a ghost. Are you sick, or frightened ?" " No, mother; only weary. Will you excuse me if I go to my room, and do not come down to tea ?" " Yes, child, go. I'll bring you a cup of tea after a while." " Oh, no, I do not wish it, thank you," and she passed on. " What ails the child ?" muttered the mother to herself. " She never come in lookin' like that afore. I hope she ain't a gettin' no fever." CHAPTER XVII.—NEW EXPERIENCE. Stella McMurray, as we have said elsewhere, was a very practical young woman, and contrary to the average lovelorn girl, when she reached the refuge of her room, she neither fainted, nor shrieked, nor had hysterics, but quietly determined within herself not to make everyone in the house miserable, but to bear up as bravely and as cheerfully as she could. She did not have brain- fever nor consumption, nor did she do violence to herself in any way, but calmly sat down to think it over, and make the very best 6he could of it. Although the brave heart suffered, aye, bitterly, and life looked darker than she thought it ever could, yet she felt the consciousness of having done right, although at a terrible sacrifice. So she appeared before the family, as much like herself as possible, and in a few days, just as soon as she could bring herself to speak of it, she told her mother all the painful circumstances, how she had acted, and at what a cost. Dear kind-hearted mother that she was, she took her daughter in her arms and sympathized with her tenderly, and commended her for doing as she 'thought was right, and prudently shielded her, in many after-instances, from remark and questioning. Ere the Autumn months had flown, her watchful mother-love detected an increasing change in Stella's appearance. She had taken a heavier task upon herself than she could accomplish. She went through the usual routine of life from day to day, filled up her regular hours of work, read the papers to her father in the evenings, as she had always been accustomed to do, and attended church on Sundays, with unvarying regularity, never complained nor seemed low-spirited. But there was lacking her usual vivacity and ambition, and keen relish of life. Yes, it was a faet that Stella had overrated her strength. She had not seen Morgan Preston since 6he parted witli him at the gate, and she but rarely heard his name mentioned. Harry Elton had been her confidant in this as in most other matters since she had known him, and she sincerely prized his sympathy now, which he freely gave, together with many a word of encouragement and hopefulness. It was early in the Winter that he came up to spend a few days, and although Preston'6 name was but seldom mentioned between them now, yet he thought to tell her this. Morgan Preston, having grown strangely gloomy and stern of late—so said one who was with him daily—had given up his studies in B, and had gone to Chicago, where he seemed entirely absorbed in the study and practice of liis chosen profession. Aud this was all she knew. " Father," said Mrs. McMurray one morning, addressing her husband, "don't you think a little journey somewhere would be a good thing for Stella ? " " Well, I don't know. It appears to me she does look a little tired of life here lately." " I think so. She don't see nothin' new around here to interest her, and everything puts her in mind of him. I just know that." " Well, get her ready now, and let her have a visit whereever she's a mind to go, and let her stay till she feels like comin' back. A little change that way is powerful good for anybody that's melancholy-like." And just ou the heel of this proposition, Harry Elton came, and at the first favorable opportunity said to Mrs. McMurray: " Stella looks badly. She lias undertaken too heavy a burden. Let me take her home with me, won't you? I think the change would be an advantage to her. Mother will be delighted to have her come, and I think they will be a mutual benefit to each other." "Why, yes," she replied; "and as your mother is a very gladsome, cheerful body, I'm sure Stella won't be lonely." (To be continued.) 