Mm and fffrrffe. AN ADVENTURE IN THULE. CHAPTER V. (Concluded.) 'Abchie,' said Colin, in a low voice, 'it is a woman. It is cot any ghost. I cannot make oat what she says except * prfty, peetyT' The young woman came nearer to them— now timidly and slowly — her hands still out stretched, and tears running down her face, while ehe spoke npidly and imploringly. This appeal, which was a mute appeal so far as she was concerned, drove any remnant of fear out of hia mind ; he forgot even hia timid companion behind ; he went forward to her, wondering how he could convey to this poor lady that they wished to be very friendly to her. He shook his head to let her know he did not understand her, and then she, with a great deal more of gladness in hp** face, for she could not bat see that the lads wished to be friendly, began to try to explain her situation by signs. And again and again she pointed to the north, though there was no boat visile. ?? Colin,' said the younger lad, 'she has been going tc Iceland in one of the smacks ; and the smack has got wrecked and she has been saved.' ' How could that be ? Her clothes has not been in the water.' ** Colin, say France to her and you will see if she is French. ' Colin repeated the word to her, which, to tell the troth, was all of the French lan guage that either he or his companion knew ; and instantly the young lady nodded eagerly and said something which of coarse they did not understand. And now that t£ey had began to com municate with each other by signs, it soon frf'*'» dear that the younger lad was much fil'Miw1' at that ttiat1 his companion. In fact, Arrhip Livingston became the inter preter. ' When she means ' yes,' ' said he, to his companion, 'sometimes she says see and sometimes wee ; but a nod of the head is still surer. And she Bays she will go with tu to the wiaiplyp^ ? and how am I to tell her that we have no boat, and that she must wait t*fl the evening before we can light thp bonfire?' ** Well, you must get on as well as you. can, Archie,' said tbe other ; and there is the whole day for you to talk to her with your head and your hands?; and in the meanwhile I am going to dig for eachans for who knows when the lady may have had anything to eat?' ' Do you think she will eat ftaphi'1* V said Archie doubtfully. ** It is bftttpr to p*t 'vh'' ffit«Ti to starve,' said the other. ' You do not need tie old man of Boss to tell you that. And if she is from France, people who eat frogs need not torn up their nosea at eachana.' In not much more than a quarter of an boor Colin M*Calmont returned, carrying in both bands a sort of basket made out of tbe fronds of bracken, and in this green nest lay a, quantity of '^n''. like so many eggs, all washed white land clean. Be put them down in front of her, and took oat his pocket knife and opened a few, as one might oysters ; and these he offered to her. What she did was szagular. She took bis hand and pressed it, and then, smiled and shook her b*ad. 'Perhaps aheii not hungry,' Colin said, after a second. 'Perhaps she does not like shell-fish raw,' said the other. *' Could yon not roast some, Colin, as the mussels are roasted ? Could we not make a small fire now, and roast some ^4»han* in fchp ashes ?' ' I see no difficulty about that whatever.' Nor was there. He collected some tufts of withered heather and broke one or two pieces of wood and put underneath thepue a piece of tbe copy of the Oban Times that he had brought with him for wadding ; and at the edge of the paper placed a small pioye. The flint from the horse-pistol and tbe back of his knife did the rest, and soon they had a Email fire burning — the precursor of the great bon fire of the evening. When the eachans were roasted Colin picked out some of them from the ashes with a bit of stick ; and Archie when they were sufficiently cool to be touched, cut them open and offered them to the lady. Tears came into ber eyes as he did bo. He thought it very strange that any one should cry for no apparent reason ; but he was glad to see that she took one or two of the roasted shellfish. 'lam thinking,' said the elder of the lad, ' that she is only taking them to please us. If she was hungry she would be quicker. I wonder now ii it is not a drink of water she would rather have rt'»i anything else ? These French people are very unfortunate that they speak Buch a language'' But Archie Livingston, taking the hint, went away along the shore, kicking the sea weed about until he found a large Bcallop sheU, which he washed free of sand in the nearest pooL Then he went away over the grassy hillocks till be came to the spring, where be tilled the eheEL To carry any thing like the full quantity back was clearly impossible ; bat at least there was enough, to let her understand that there was fresh water an the island. And bow grateful the young lady seemed ! She patted the boy on the head— on the shoulder— on the hand. And ehe spoke to him, though Bhe knew he could not com prehend what she said. ' Bnt did you hear that, Colin ?' he said, turning to his companion. *' She said a great deal about * mercy.' She said the water was a mercy. Now, th.it is what they «ay nW in England ; when you hare your food put be fore you — the meat and the drink — and when you do not ask tbe blessing in Gslic, 'then you have to call these things on the table * mercies.1 She must be very well brought up and not a heathen at all.' ' Bat this is what lam thinking of Archie.' said the other ; ** that the little water yon can get in a scallop-shell is not of much use to any one. And if I could understand the lady as well as yon can, I would ask ber te go with me to tbe spring, and there she can have as much water as she likes.' When this proposal was conveyed to her she folowed her guide gladly ; and when they reached the spring, she drank of the water freely by means of this shelL And they went back' to the fire, where Colin M'Calmont was having his breakfast ; and tbe young lady made signs to the younger lad that he, too, was to join in that feast of roasted Than^ and that Bhe was quite content. 4- Well, tfoTy is a strange thing,11 said the younger one ; ' bnt when we get back to the mainland we will know all about it, for my father knows French as well as Latin and a great many other things. ' But what is the use of knowing French ?' said the elder lad who was a practical youth, and better acquainted with the price of sheep. 'The use of it ? The use of it is to make you a learned person, and then the people pay you for fa»ftr-irng others.11 'Bat your father does not teach anyone French, Archie.' ' WelL then the nse of it is to make you Dot so ignorant as the other common people. When Sir Evan Boy comes to Glen Estra he will be speaking quite freely with my father ; bat the other ones they have to *'-fo''k about ' I think Gaelic is as good & language as any ', and also that it is more easily spoken than any other.' ' But of what use to you is Ga*lic if you go away from Lewis ? For my part I shonld like to know six or seven languages.' ' That would be a fine tiling !' said the other, with a laugh of scorn. 'To spend all your life in learning the lang'n/^ft of other people ; and then, when yon bad got them, it is time to die. I think one language is quite enough for any one ; and Gadic iB the easiest' When they had finished their breakfast, they also went and had a drink of fresh water ; and then they set to work to carry up to the highest plateau a pfle of the wood that plentifoilybestrewed the western shores of the island — some of it indeed having been hauled np above the water mark for transportation to the mainland. The steamer had been comparatively a new one* and mnch of this wreckage consisted of internal fittings — cabin doors and tables, bottle ranges, benches, lockers, and what not — tint had been wofnlly 'It is very hard to born all this good wood,' said Colin M'Calmont ; ' and mnch of it mahogany, too ; bnt we must have a big blaze, and then we are saving the lady's life.' ' Yes, and our own lives too,' said the younger lad, sitting down for a rest, for it was stiff work cairyxngthese pinr1*™. *' They will not be mourning over the wood when they find as alive. And by this time now, Colin, by this time, do you not think some one of the gins must have been sent down from tile sheflling for bread ?' ?* By this time surely.' ** Then they will know that we were not at the sheflling last night, and they will be look' ing everywhere for us ; and they will be sure to go and look if the boat is in the creek, they will know how we went away ; and you may be sure there will be many a sharp eye on the look oat all day and all evening.' ' Very well now, Archie, I will tell yon what you wnl do. Yon will leave the rest of building of the bonfire to me, for I am not easily tired ; and yon will go back and talk to the lady with your bands and your head as you were doing. Perhaps I will not nse any more wood ; that is the tiling that is grieving me, I will build up three or four feet of the withered heather, and then I will put the wood on that. If it was only the autumn now and we could get the withered bracken, there would be no need to use all that fine wood.' ' Have you a lead-pencil, Colin !' ' I have a small bit.' Archie was at this moment rummaging among the splinters and boards they had brought up ; and at last he lit upon a piece of wood painted white, that had been part of the door of a locker. 14 Give me your pencQ, Oolin, and I will go and tell the lady what we are waiting for.' ' And if yon cannot speak French, are you going to be writing French *** said the other with a laugh. 'I am not going to write at alL Colin, except in the way that the ancient people wrote, on the pyramids and such places as that. And you will see whether the lady will understand or whether she wnl not un derstand. ** Very welL then Archie ; go back to the lady, and I will go on with the bonfire ; and this is what I am thinking, that I will build a bonfire that will be easily made out from tbe land. For you know what they say : 1 There cannot be anything in the shj or on the earih, hut Ote [day men1* eye* can bdtold ; nor anyUiiug in a corner or lock-fast place escape the eye of a Mailman.' But what I say is that the Lewis men have sharper eyes than either.' ' I think every oue knows that,' said Arc-hie, ' from Fraserburgh all the way round to Greenock.' Well when M'Calmont had finished piling np the great heap of heather and driftwood he went and rejoined his companion ; and fonnu to his great astonishment, that the young lady — whose black eyes seemed to be fall of gladness, kindness, and gratitude — appeared to understand the whole situation of afiairs. For young Livingston had drawn various things, in a nde sort of way on the bit of white wood ; and she seemed a clever, imaginative sort of person, for she guesssed eagerly what he meant to convey. '*I never saw a boat like tbat, Archie,** said the elder lad, laughing, ' for you have cot the mast in tiie middle of her.' ' That is no mwtfrr at all,' said the other, without confusion, 'if the lady understands that the boat will come for her after the bon fire is lit.' 'Then you might be doing a worse tiling than asking her to come and look at the bonfire, now that it is complete. I ***' tell you, Archie, that my arms wQl be sore to morrow. ' The boy showed her a rough sketch of a bonfire that he had made on a board, and then pointed to the middle of the island, him self setting out, and invited her to accompany him. She understood at once, and smilingly assented. They led ber by the driest wayB (Eor there wu some mossy ground on these plateaus) to the spot, and she seemed greatly pleased. 'She can speak a little, Archie,' said the elder one. 'It is not much ; but a little. She cannot say ' bonfire,' but she says 'bon, bon,'— which is a part of it. Though she speakB through her nose, she understands well enough. The French are not so stupid as the people say.' They passed the afternoon somehow. More eacbans were roasted. As the evening fell the southerly wind freshened and the aides got darkened over. ' I hope there is not going to be a gale,' said tbe younger lad apprehensively. '* That is not any gale,' said the other. ' And if there was a gale now? We should be two or three days more on the island, perhaps ; and what is that ? Maybe I would have to shoot a sheep ; for the finely -brought- up people cannot lire on a handful of eachans and a fait of dulse as you or I could, Archie, Bnt that is not any gale : and the arker it grows the sooner we will light the bonfire ; and the fresher the wind the sooner will tbe people come across in your father's boat ; so there is nothing to have a downcast about; and you must not show a downcast face face ; for the lady there she watches as both, and every one knows that women are easily frightened persons.' They waited nntfl the dusky twilight had gathered over land and sea before they lit the bonfire. At first there was only a little crackling ; then a few thin red tongues of fire ; then a gwiwjng M«« of crimson sod orange that made the surrounding twilight look a strange, intense, livid bine. And then the fire began to roar, for the breeze fanned it; and soon there was a blazing mass of flame that surely would carry a message to the distant shores of Lewis. ' Archie,' said the elder lad, ' you -will keep stirring the bonfire now, and I will go for another armful or two of wood . We must have a big blaze (in case there might be a shower of rain. Yes ; and if there are any French smacks going by in the night, do yon not think now that such a blaze as that will tell them that there is some one on Farriakeir?' He went and came back with the first load of the driftwood. 'The sheep are wild with fright, Archie ; they never saw anything like this on Farrifl keir before.' He fetched another load. ' There, now,' said he, ' that will make a blaze that will be seen from Gallon Head to Scarfa Island. And if they are already in your father's boat, it is not that I would be sur prised ; and with a good breeze of wind like this they wQl not be long in coming over.' 'Colin,' said the younger lad, 'this is what I am thinking of ; when your father, or my father, or perhaps Dugald H'Lean from Glen Esters, come over in tbe boat, and they will ask about the lady there, who she is, and where sbe came from, what is it now tba-t we will be saying t' Colin laughed in superior wisdom. 'Then you do not remember what the old man of Boss said. This is what he said Archie : ? That which you do not know, tea titat to now one.' How are we to be answer ing anything about the French vounn lady! Let them ask for themselves. And indeed I wish they were here ; for it is not a pleasant thing that you and I should be *alfrfng and talking, and the lady there not able to know what is going on, because ehe understands nothing but that useless language. And if your father can speak that language, it is not anything to be proud of. He might have made a better use of hia time.' The younger lad thought over this for some time. Then he said : ' Well, perhaps the French is not a very useful language while you are in Lewie or any other part of that country. But if you wished to go to France ? If you wished to go to France, Colin yon would have to learn it There now.' ' If I wished to go to France I' said the other scornfully. '? And who would be so foolish, as that ? There is another wish that I have, that has more of conunon^ense in it. I would like to go go to Fnserburgh and see tbe great fleet of fishing boots. Now there would be some sense in that.' CHAPTER VL They formed a picturesque group there on the summit of the level plateau— the smaller lad stirring up the smouldering porting of the bonfire, the elder heaping on broken planks and sticks, the young girl standing apart and sometimes watching them and sometimes scanning the now darkened plain of the waters whence she understood that help was to come ; while, as the masses of roaring fire waxed or wained, the long black shadows moved on the greensward and the rocks. Perhaps, indeed, it was their tending of tbe bonfire that prevented the lads fromkeeping a sharp lookout ; at all events it was neither of them that first discovered that people were coming to their rescue. They bad had the bon fire blaring for nearly an boor, when suddenly the young lady came to them and eagerly said something, and pointed towards the sea in the direction of the mainland. Both oi the lads withdrew from tbe glare of the bonfin. and peered into to the darkness with eyes that were well accustomed to descry distant objects. ' WelL now,' esid Colin M'Calmont, with some mortification, 'it will be a strange thing if a French lady can make oat what I cannot make out ; but there is not anything I can make out between here and the and.' ' Your eyes are blind with the fire, Colin, and so are mine,' said his companion. 'I wish I could ask faer what it is.' ' I see it ! I see it ! it is a light !' exdaimed M'Calmont, with involutfatry eagerness. Then he immediately checked himself. Throughout be had spoken as if their rescue had been a matter of course, in order to keep up his com panion's spirits. He was not going to betray any ordinary surprise, ordelight orthaofcEnlness now. So be continued in a tone of cod ' Well, now, Archie, that is a strange sort of light. Your father lias a lantern for tbe dark nights ; bnt that is not a lantern at the mast-head at alL It is very low down, and it iared.' 'Maybe it is a torch at the bow,' sug gested Archie livingston. ' And you will be making a very good guess that time Archie, for now I can see the sparks ; and the sparks #re dropping like tie sparks from a squib. Oh, that is a fine breeze, . to be sure ; and you father's boat is as quick a sailer as any one on the west coast of Lewis. I shonld not wonder if they could hear us Herewith he gave a tremendous long slow howL such as tbe shepherds use when the dogs are far up on the h3L But there was no response. 'They are too far off yet,' Baid his com panion. ' Indeed, Colin, it is not I that am sorry we have not to stay another night on the island. It was terrible— the cries—' 'They were the cries of the French lady, that was all,' said the other lad. 'To think they were the cries of ghosts ! tell me this, Archie ; if you can see through a ghost, audii a ghost can go away into nothing, where is the throat for it to make a. cry with ? It is your head that is full of ocn wnse about ghosts and things like that.' *' This is what I will do for you now, Archie ; you will catch one of your ghosts and bring him to me ; and I frill take the knife I have for opening mussels for bait; acd I will cat open the ghost for you, and then yon will be seeing whether he has any lungs or a throat, or a tongue that' could make a noise. I tell you I have not as mnch fear of a ghost as I have of a skate. When you are cutting Ea skate, sometimes be 'soil snap at your -. I will let tiie ghost snap at my finger Whether tins logic quite convinced Archie Livingston ib not of mnch moment ; he merely said, 'It is I who am glad not to have another night on Farriakeir,' and kept his eyes fixed on tbe spluttering red light that was now momentarily coming nearer. What a wild torrent of Gsslic was poured forth when the farmer and the school-master got ashore — Colin and Archie helping to haul the bow of the boat np on the shingle I Indeed amid all the Questions and *»t*»1 t\rj\ iftiiyn.fi and remonstrances the worthy school-master quite forgot that ordinarily he made it a strict rale to speak only in English. How could English — which is a slow, formal, limited language — have got from the boys a narration of aUtneir adventures during these past two days ? Bnt, that over, Mr. Livingston recollected himself. 'Archie,' said he, in his best Engfah 'yon wass saving the leddy ib a French, leddy f 'SeadhT said Archie ; and then he, too. recollected himself. 'Ay, she's French. And no word of English st all !n ' Eott piess me !' said the schoolmaster, looking somewhat distressed. And then he turned to his friend M'Calmont. Colin's father. 'It is a terrible pusiuess,' said he, 'to speak in another lanwich when one is not speaking it for many years and years. Hen, Dnncan, gif me the the oat-cake and the whisky out of the locker ; and be quick about it, too. Tbe boys are good boys, and do not touch tbe whisky ; hot if the leddy has had nothing to eat ahJ day but eachans, she will hef a drop of whisky and no harm whatefier. And whisky is a. good lanwhich that every The young French lady had come down from the plateau, and was standing apart observing everything eagerly, but not at tempting to speak. She could Bee by then* gestures, and by their occasionally looking towards her, that they were telling the story so far as they new it But presently Mr! Livingston, having got some whisky in a tumbler, and carrying a piece of oat-cake in his other hand, went along to where she was standing, and made her a most gracious and courteous bow. Then he considered. He looked at her dark eyes vaguely (everything was lit up bv the glare of the bonfire), as if he were wondering how to open communication with her. Then he said, slowly : ' Mademoiselle— td ftt—ext oat-cake— et anssi whisky — tres bon pour vow ' — But at the same instant he was evidently startied by her uttering a slight cry— partly of delight, partly of entreaty ; and the wit moment she was pouring out the story of her wrongs and griefs, with many mteous gestures and appeals. F«*°»» The schoolmaster was quite bewildered, fabe spoke so rapidly, so pathetically, that he could only vaguely gather from ber piteous intonation thatahe had snfiered ininrv and was begging him to be kind to her ?' Kott pleas me ? Kott plena me !' he muttered to himself ; ' it is a terrible thing to understand a stranche Janwich. The poor -Ttare' ShV ^ pay no heed to the ^?. cake mnd the whisky. Then, to add to his confusion, the tamer ' Wed, now, Mr. Iivingston, and what U- the matter about the strange leddy ? It is 'the straachest thing I ever heard of. How wass she come to Farriskeir ?' 'You will aee this, Donvorgan,' said the schoolmaster, 'the French lanwich is not like other Ianwicfces ; when it iss spoke slow (^4hen effery one will understand it that knows it ; bnt when it iss spoke quick, then no one understands it at abl. We will get the yonng leddy into the poat, and we will tek her back home with us ; and maype on the way I will hef the story to tell yon.' When the young lady nnderetood that she was to go into the boat, the obeyed willingly ; ?ad when she had taken her seat in the stern, there was handed to her a rug made of the finest sheep's wool, that Archie Livingston's mother bad sent, thinking that the boys might have been shipwrecked and be found on the rocks with wet clothes. Bat indeed the oight was not cold, and she merely let the rug lie across her knees. She seemed to care abont nothing bnt having her story under stood by the only one among these friendly people who knew a little of French. And when at length they hnd got the boat afloat again and the mainsail hoisted, and when, in the silence of die night, they proceeded to make their way back to the mainland of Lewis, the schoolmaster managed to hint to her that, if she would speak slowly, and eay what she had eaid all over again, he would understand her better. This intimation she seemed to comprehend very well ; for now she began very patiently to speak to him.; and she instantly paused when he seemed not to follow her, so that he might have time to repeat the word or to i^neation her. ** Pless me, Dunvorgan,' said he, at length '* but this is the strange story ! and if the two lads wasB not happen to be on the island, it woold hef been a murder, as sure as death. Poor thing ! that was to hef been marriet this ferry day. We will hef the sheriff at Styornoway to inquire into this.' 'And what does she say. Mr. Livingston ?' asked the farmer. ' Well, you see, Dunvorgan, it is not easy to write in the dark, where there iss no light to write down a word to understand such a lanwich as the French lanwich ; but if I do not mek a great mistake, the young leddy wasB stolen away from her friends, and put on board the smack ; and little doubt hef I that the master of tbe snack wass paid to mek away with her — maype in the night-time, hef there was do one seeing. 'She iss from Morlaix, that is on the coast of Brittany ; and any one that iss well read, and acqaented with geography, and other flimg', knows that the people of Brittany are very revencheful people. But the young leddy she wass malring a prayer to the master of the smack ; or maype he was afrait ; or maype he thought that leaving her on an island wass ass good ass anything to put her away— *y ! ay ! the poor yonng lass that wass to hef been marriet this ferry day miroTcr !' ' Mr. Livingston, some one will hef to answer for this ; what do yon think now ?' ' That is what I think. And we will get at the etoty better when we hef the sheriff from Styomowmy ; and the sheriff's leddy — oh, she is wonderful Root at ahl langwicbes, except the Gslic, and Bhe is not so good at theGielic; and the sheriff will be for taking tbe young leddy over to Styornoway, and put ting her on board the Clansman, and sending her back to her friends. And the goot heart of her ! and do yon know what she hass been offering me ?™ ' How can I know ?' **Sbe wass wanting me to tek her gold rings and her gold watch and chain, too ; and to gif them to the boys for their kindness. Do yon hear that, now, Colin, and yon, too. Archie'? But I would not hef her going away back to France, and be epeaking to the Wench people, and be saying that the High land people would tek money for a kindness. 1 would not hef any one say that.' 'That ib right, Mr. Livingston; my boy Colin would tek no money for being an help to any one. And if he would tek money, then it iss a stick I would tek to hie back, to gif him a little good manners. But it is a ^tranche thing that the master of the yacht, if he was such a scoundrel as that, wass not for stealing the young leddy's watch and the other things too.' ' ' Dunvorgan, ' said tbe schoolmaster, thoughtfully, '* I will tell you my opinion now — that the master of tbe smack was afrait af what be had done and was ^TaiT to get her away out of his smack without thinking of anything else. And I suppose that he was thinking that if he left her on Farriskeir, no one would effer see or hear of ber apajn — that she would go mad and drown herself, maype —ay. «y, and ferry likely that would hef happened bnt for the two lads — it was a very stranche chance.' When they reached the shore on the other side, it was close on midnight ; but all the same there were near a dozen people waiting for them ; and great was the wonderment among the folk when they heard the strange -news. And they were civil enough not to -stare at the young French lady -but they were very kind to her , and she was taken up to Dnnvorgan farm, where they got some ?enpper for her, and some tea, aud gave her a bedroom all to herself — which is a luxury in those parts. And amid all this the lads found occasion to have a little talk between them ?eelves— —of course in Gaelic. 'There is one good thing, Archie, that every f one is taken up with the yonng French lady ; and my father has not said anything about the loss of the boat.' 'And I do pot think they will say any thing now, Colin ; for three lives are better than a boat.' ?' Bat it is hard on my father, Archie, that he ebonld have to pay for another boat.' However, as it turned out, the new boat was paid for in quite an unexpected way. For when the sheriff at Stornoway had learned all this story, and when he had communicated with the yonng lady's friends in Brittany, there was, of coarse, a gnat commotion ; and the two lads had te go over to Stornoway to give evidence there before some gentlemen sent all the way over from France for tie purpose. Then the young lady left with these gentle tned (though it seemed as if she would never cease expressing to the two lads, through the sheriff, her gratitude to them), and no one expected to bear any more of the thing, except tbe sheriff, who knew better. ODe day Colin M*Calmont and Archie Livingston, with their respective father's, were summoned to go over to Stornoway, to the sheriff's office ; and they went. ' I have got the reward now, for yon two boya,' said he. ' What reward V they both said at once. 'The reward that was offered in the French papers for information about that young lady when she was found to be He showed them an oblong piece of paper. ' It is five thousand francs ; do you know how much that is V ' I do not,' said Colin ; and the school master's son looked doubtfuL 41 1 Bnppase you can divide by twenty-five, surely V eaid he, good-naturedly. ' That wonld come to two hundred pounds,' said tbe young lad. *' Very well, then. The piece of paper is worth two hundred pousbe ; and that is one fanndred pounds for each of you. If I were yon, I would pat it in the savings bank ; and when yon grow up, it would be a fine thing for yon.' ' ' I will not do that, sir, ' said Colin M-Calmant. ?? What then ?' ' I will buy a boat for my father an good as the one that was sank— ay, and better, too. And if there is anything over, that is what I will put in the savings bank.' ** Bat wait a minute, my lad. This five thousand francs is tie reward offered by Mademoiselle Desclin's gnardianB — for she has neither father nor mother ; bnt she wishes to add something to show that she does not forget your kindness to her. She wishes to be allowed to give you a boat, sails and all com plete, similar to the one that was sunk ; only it is to be your own. But that will do for your father as well as for yourself.' 'Surely, surely,' said Dnnvorgan. ' Let the lad have tbe whole of the hundred pounds put in the ha^k in bis own name. It will fee a good thine for him when he will take a farm for himself.' 'And you, Archie Livingston ; I am to bny yon a silver watch. And if I were you I would Bit down and write tbe yonng lady a letter in very good English. And there is another thing, Colin, my lad ; ebe wants yon to have the boat called the Felicite— for that is her own name i and yon. -rn nave no objection to that' 'Surely no, sir; and will I write her a letter, too?' 'Ton could not do better. And so that is all settled. But wait a minute, my lads ; I think the next time you go ont to frighten the Frenchmen from stealing the sheep at Farriakeir, you'd better leave the pistol ashore ; you might get into trouble. And perhaps if the government were to send the Jackal round that way once or twice about this time of the year, that would give them a greater fright than any horse pistoL' So that was the end of the adventure ; and if you should happen on the west coast of Lewis to run against a smart little cutter called the Felicibe, and should wonder at tbe name, they will tell you the story there abont the two boys who went to frighten the French fishermen away from Farristeir and Bnaveg. 