A Tennessee Ghost . Domes to a house in Hamilton Oounty, and rocks the baby to sleep overy night. Now, then, by all the dwellers in tho nether gloom, it there is a restless ghost of any old ancestor of oars would like to find steady employment at_good wages in a quiet family and good neighborhood, we can give the perturbed spirit all it wants to do in the silent line of general housework, with Sunday afternoon for itself, and one night out every week when it oould £0 around and raise a crnnntlv «u*knt with the neighbors, and haunt all the lonely houses in the neighborhood. What s gem oi a house-servant a ghost would be. Never 'bobs' back; always invisible. The pie would come on the. table as though it were sailing through tho nir ; the carpet-sweeper wonld perform its noiseless functions without the howling . accompaniment of ' Gnahna gnah-na-tha-wah— that war the plate whsyra tho whisky is plenttay— wtiack I fol dhe rol loll' And at night it could hadot all the objectionable neighbors until they fled the neighborhood, and property would depreciate seventy-five par cent., when we oould buy it in and iwhaok up with the ghoBt. No light and no fuo required for the ghost's room. No private watchman wanted on the . block ; no dog on the premises. When a burglar climbed in at the window, and felt the cold, clammy fingerso! the ghost wriggling Sown tie book of his neck; when he drove.a ten-inoh bowjs-knife oleanjhrough the ghost's bosom five tines, and the spectre , smiled sadly at him, and showed him where his throat had, been cut dear off nine years before— how the robber would drcp bis kit and wjng his restless flight to realms beyond the farther Umitsofihe city corporate. . And when the door-bell rang, the ghost would juat stiok its head dear through tEekeyAole and see who was there before; the ^doornwaii opened. And there would be 'no' 'swrtthearts loafing .about tho kitchen Sunday nightB-^-ah, no. Truly, $. ghoat would, be a great boon to the hpme, and if any of our readert know of a ghost oat of a job, send him at onoe'to this office.— The Argonaut. ? ? 