LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday. 6tu March. ' Tho Speaker took tho chair nt half-past four o'clock. PETITIONS. Tho SPEAKER nnnoimcod that ha bad ro- COived a petition from Mr. Webb, of Rochester, against tho return of .Mr. J. Shackclt for 1 mlnnv. MESSAGES. Tho SPEAKER unnouncod that ho had re ceived frou his Kxcolloncy the Govornor two mcssagos. Ono enclosed a despatch from tho Socrotaryof Stato, acknowledging rccoiptof tho address from tho Assembly to tho Quecu con veying congratulations on tlio brilliant victories of the British forces in Egypt ; and tho other announced that the royal assent had boon given to tho Act lo llcmovo Doubts ns to tho Validity of tho Legislative Council Elections for 1882. PAPERS. The following papers were laid on tho table of tho Houso : — Additional regulations of tho Mili tary l'orpcdo Corps ; drawback regulations re specting goods intended for exportation by an oxportor or firm in Victoria to a branch houso in another colony ; and summary of sworn returns of bank liabilities and assets for tho quarter ending tho 31st Docombor, 1882. NEW MEMBERS. Messrs. M'Loan nnd Anderson wore Bworii ill. The latter took his coat behind tho Ministry, and Mr. M'Lcnn in tho Ministerial corner. RAILWAY BRAKES. Mr. BENT said that — in accordance with a promise which ho rando to tho Houso on tho 26th October last, not to Bpond any money in connection with tho adoption of a railway brako until ho had cousultcdtho Houso on the sub- ject— ho would lay on tho tablo of tho Hotvs ' tho tenders recoivod for tho supply of 809 brakes. want of confidence motion. iSi aebato ou tho want of coniidcQco motion tabled by Mr. Sorvico was resumed. Mr. 0. YOUNG said that as tbo lion, mom-- - bcr for Castlcmaino had ndopted tlio rather ' unusual courso of submitting his amondmonh without advancing any chargo against tho Minis try, there was nothing for him to reply to. But in tlio absonco of any charge icvollc<l.'i"ainst Minis ters by hon. members, ho desired to offer a fow re marks upon somo of tho statomonts rnndo by various candidates during the rooent elections. (Oh !) No doubt hon. members found it con venient to mako statemonts in tho country which they would not venture upon on tho floor of tho -Ilouso. But he first wished to say a word about tho position of tho Minisfcrj. They had no desire to retain their seats on tho Treasury benches for ono hour longer than was absolutely necessary. The mombor forBccchworth (Mr. Kerferd), when before his constituents, took tbo Govornor to task for accepting tho advice of tho Government and granting a dissolution, but surely tho lion, mem ber must have forgotten that he was a mombor of a Government which advised a dissolution under similar ciroumstanees, allowed a shorter timo to hon. members to go round their constituencies, and, in fact, carried matters with a mueli higher hand than tho present Government. It had also beon stated by soma candidates that tho Wator Consorvancy Act was an utter failure, and that tho Government had to propose an. amending hill to make the act workable. Mr. R. OLARK : That's quite correct, too. Mr. YOUNG : Those statements were abso lutely untruo. and to show that tho act had net been a failure he need merely stato that the Government only asked for £300,000 to construct works, and applica tions for loans amounting to £420,000 had bccii received from the wator trnst3 formed. The act provided tor the creation of ten water trusts, but fourteen had actually been formed, and three more were in conrsc of formation. In the amend ing bill no new principles were introduced, and tho only now fonture in it was tlio provision for supplying water to towns, which was not contemplated when tho Water Conservancy Bill wa3 introduced. Re garding tho Railway Bill, it had been described as designed to corrupt tho country, hut somo of tho new3papors now said that tlio wholo bit! jnuat bo passed by any Government which came1 into power. But how could the bill bo intonded to bribe tlio country when it was only proposed to spend tho money borrowed by tho peoplo for the benefit of the people? He did not know how a man could bo bribed by sponding his own money. Great capital had been mado out of tho so-called failure of tho loan. A section of the press found fault with the Government for not making the minimum lower than par. But was Victoria to accept less for its securities than Now Zealand or other eoloni03? Ho thought tho unseating of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was a serious loss to tho Honso and to the country, and ho at tributed thissoioly to the Premior being a Roman Catholic. (Cries of No.) It was tho member for Castlemaino (Mr. Patterson) who had got up this cry ; not that he believed in it any more than ho believed in any other cry He (Mr. Young) never heard a word from his colleague indicating a wish or suggestion to advance any particnlar nationality or religious body. A more honest and straightforward administrator there coukl not be. Mr. PATTERSON : Die decently. (Laughter.) Mr. YOUNG : As there was nothing for hiro to reply to, ho wished now, on behalf of himsell and tbo Government, to express his feelings towards the hon. mombor (Mr. Berry), who hail in no unreasonable way criticised tho proceedings of tho Government. Ho hud always treated them courteously and with fair play. (Hoar.) Ho desired also to thank tlio members sitting oa tho Ministerial side of tho Houso for the fair and loyal support given to tho Ministry. Ho thought tho country had reason to bo thankful for tho quietness, rest nnd peace enjoyed during tho Government's torm of oilico. Whntovor party now came into power ho ventured to say it would have to adopt a similar policy. Ho wished to say a few words as a mom bor of the Constitutional party, (Mr. Bent: Where is it?) lie had beon charged with having deserted his party by joining the O'Loghlon Ad ministration. Ho wiBhotl now to explain how that Administration was formed. His friend, tbo member for Normnnby, stated to his con stituents that what ho (Mr. Young) had said abont the formation of tho Government was un true. (Mr. Shiels : I say so now.) There were 25 or 30 members presout when tbo ar rangement was made, aud if lie (Mr. Young) eaid what was not .truo ho would bo speaking in tho presence of those who knew tho foots. Ho (Mr. Young) montioned at West Boutko that Sir Bryan O'Lo-lilen lmd been re peatedly asked by ono of the leaders of the party to move a vote of want of confidence boforc he did so. Ho did not wish to have any mistake about this fact. (Cries, Name.) Mr. Murray Smith. (Mr. Shiels : Ah, he is a con venient f capo-goat now.) Prior to the moving of tho motion which was carried. Sir Bryau bad boon repeatedly callod upon, and asked to move a voto of want of con fidence. On tho very day bo moved the motion ho was told in the early part of the day that the timo was not opportuno, and ho was asked not to bring forward his motion then, and he went round to his friends and told them the matter was off. But at half-post three that day a meeting of tho Conservatives was held nt which from twonty.fivo to thirty wero present, and the question wa3 debated whothor Sir Bryan should bo asked to tablo a want of con fidence motion. (Mr. Shiels : That is not correct.) It was agreed that Mr. Murray Smith should ask Sir Bryan to table tho motion. Sir Bryan waa asked by Mr. Murray Smith to do so, and be re plied : "It is toolato now, my friondsbave been told it is off ; " but aftorwards ho tablod the motion. That was tho truo version of tho affair, as far as ho was concerned. Tho resolution to ask Mr. Murray Smith to request Sir Bryan to tablo tho motion waa unanimous. (Mr. M'Intyro and Mr. Shiels : That is incorrect. It was not unanimous.) Ho (Mr. Young) did not wish or_ ex pect to gain anything by tho change bimsoll when it was mado, but when Iiocatno back from Sydney ho found that cortain mombcrs of the party were throwing every obstuclo in tlio way of Sir Bryan O'Loghlon forming tho Ministry, lie was told that another Constitutional member was required to mako up the Govorninont, and on that ground ho was asked to join. Ho felt that tho honor of tho party would bo sacrificed if tho compact was broken, which would havobeoa tho caso if tho pnrty rofnsod to help Sir Bryan" O'Loghlen to form tho Government after asking him to movo and helping liim to carry the waul of conlidcuco motion. What would havo beofi tho effect if thoy had stood entirely aloof ? The. Conservatives were in a minority. Was it likely tiisr tboso who had joined the O'Loghlon party , -.v.T.1,1 havo gono with tho Conservatives after I boin'' betrayed ? Defeat would havo been certain, and nc thought tboy deserved tho thanks of tha Conservatives for having saved tho party from dofcat. Mr. Service hail gono to Cnstlo- maino professing to bo n Liboral. Ho mailo an allianco with a Radical of tho Radicals. It waa onough to mako tho Conservatiro party ask where they were going. Had tho hon. mombor (Mr. Patterson) chan'god his principles, 0 had Air. Sorvico? Air. Patterson was -ono of tho authors of Blaok Wednesday. . (Mr. W. Collard Smith : hook at your own colloagues.) Ho (Mr. Patterson) wanted to make a larger slaugktor than his colleagues ' would agree to. Then again Air. -0111108 wont to Rodney and said that moderate' men of all par ities should unite. Ho did not cxpaot that from him (Air. Gillies). Ho novor know a more loyal party than Air. Service was followed by in 1S79, yot ho turned thom adrift on tho country nftor they had only boon six months \- in session, but what ho was now doing was to bo dopiored by ovory thinking member of the party Ho led them to dofoat before, but now ho was loading thom to dofoat and degradation. -Time would overcome defeat, but degradation .could not bo wiped out. (Hoar, hear, and deris ive laughter.) Tho Constitutional party could never recover from tho degradation -of hauling down their colors. It was a confession of woak- -.ness — owning that tboy could not carry on tho -fight. If tlio proposed coalition took PfflC0 tho Constitutional party would bo wiped out of existence. Ono gentleman had naked what would bo done with Mr. Berry when ha was taken into \- tho joint Government ? Tlio answer was that ho : would bo treated as a steer. 1'hoy would put two food loaders in front of him, and two good polcrs ehind, and ho would havo to go straight. (Laughter.) That was tho excuso j that was the alleged reason for the coalition. As far as that coalition was concerncdho ( Mr. Young) forbade the banns. The Conservatives had everything to Ioso by it, and nothing to gain. By joining with the men they lind always opposed, ,thoy woro con demning all that had boon dono in tho last sovon years, and tlio wholo alliance was unprinci- ,pled. ... , , Air. FRANCIS said that ho simply wanted . justico from tho Minister of Railways and his -colleaguo who had just sat down. It had boon said that, with tho knowledge of the Constitu tional party, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was asked to take th'o toad in displacing tbo lato Borry Gov ernment. Tlio hon. member then Quoted from- Mansard, oi twolvo months ago, for tho purpose of showing that ho then stated in tho House that 'Sir Bryan O'Loghlon took tho action which ho .did against tho Berry Government without any jprovlous consultation with him (Air. Francis). Air. BENT : But what did you do in tho /caucus ? Ah-. FRANCIS went on to say that ho stated a year ago that he had no confidence in the pro- sent Aiiuistry cither in Parliament or out of Ate. AIIRAAIS said that tho Minister of Public Works, prompted by the Minister of Railways, .had been pleased to appeal to him for a coiifir- .motion of the alleged proceeding by which Sir Bryan O'Loghlen displaced tho Berry Govern- mont. Ho ( Mr. Alirnms) did not'know anything .about it. Sir Bryan O Loghlen told him throo days previously what ho pioposod to do, and .asked him to support him, but ho (Mr. Alirnms) .replied that ho could not, and ho novor wavered .in that determination. Air. GRAVES said that lie was quite prcparod .to make room for another Government. Ho -quoted iram.Jfansard to show that tho Constitu tional party had asked tlio House to gi7e tlio . country penco . and rest from Mr. Borry, who, 'they said, was by nature and study an agitator. .Ho (.Mr. Graves) had 110 idea of seconding the vote of want of confidence in the Berry Alinistry till Sir Bryan OILoghlcn entered tho House with :his motion and asked him to support it Ho thought the Government had taken the constitu tional course in going to tbo Hooso nnd seeing who their enemies and accusers wore. Ho hail fairly and honestly administered. his department, and ho felt snro that his colleagues had done tho :samo with theirs. If the bon. member for Cas- 'tlomnine (Mr. Servico) proposed to carry- out tho principles of peace and progress lie (Alr.'Gravcs) would give him bis support. But to -what party -diU'tliat lion, member belong? Iio '(Mr.'Gravos) 'had scon hira-sit in overy part of-tlie House. Ho .certainly did not belong to liis (Mr. Graves's): ; party. (Laughter.) Ax no.v. MX.UDL-n : What party is that? Mr. GRAVES said that ho entered the Houso as a Liberal, and loft tbo Liberal ranks on ac-. .count of being unable to support tho -plebiscite. 'Ho, 'however, considered that -ail 'liis -Totes were' Liberal iu character. Air. Jl'INTYRE -said lie would feel degraded 'if this motion -of the -hon. member 'for Castlo-1 -maino -was carried. Since 1805 ho 'badhcon a supporter, of tbo members of tlio Constitutional party, wbicli would be sacrificed if this/motion was passed. He felt that ho must talco -a posi- ition -which would 'isolate bim from thoso with whom be had worked so long. The Constitutional party in tlio Houso 'had 'increased from 4:to 88, 1 and it was now do bo- Buciiiiocd to :tiiis-Bcaudal-> wins coalition. Let -u Government 'bo formed' Cither from tbo Liberal or Constitutional ranks. Ho believed- a very fair and general support would bo given to a" Constitutional Government iby: some -I.on. -mombors who woro ;now .callod Liberals. Tbo -proper position for '-Mr. Sorvico waa'iu opposition ;lbo'Govcrnnient woiildibonofit 'by his being there. He hall -licon -tlio -most con- . eistont oi nil his party. Lot liira not -allow diimrelf to bo nobblod now. Ho '(Air. M'lntyro) warned the Liberal members :to avoid tlio Constitutionalists as they would a plague, inughtpr.') The Liberals would iflnd <hat 'tin country press would destroy tho leader who was destroying tho Liberal parly. Where wore '-they to hit tlio 'happy me dium? -iiu hoped that tlioro was -still a party in the, Houso that would not allow such a combination to -'bo carried out. They hail heard a-gront donl-of political rats, -but novor had tlv.ra been such a wholesale si-stem of ratism ' an-now obtains I. Ho doniod that tlio hon. member :for Cnstlomnino was right in saying. i hat tho country bad pronounced 'that it ;ltad no confidenco in tlio Government. If itliev acted 'honestly by tbo Govornment thoy would n opt another courso altogether from that .which proposed, for tlicy would intimate to tho Gov--- nment that it was undcsirablo'that thoy should i -: .tin their position longor than was con venient. So attempt should, 'however, bo mado to kick them downstairs, as was being done. (An hon. number: No.) -Ho hoped that tho Govern Ii--nt -would retire from llioir posi- tion in.-, - however, to -make way for a coalition Govornment, but in ordor that anew .internment might bo formed on tlio Const!! is ionnl sido of tlio House, and ono which !!;-? wonld support. Af though tho metro politan ; urnals favored a coulition adargo num ber of tan country -papers opposed it. Wbut-bo folt .un unpad about was tliis governing .power oxoreise-i by tho pres3, for 'immediately tho papers said a thing had to bo dono tho mon olectod to repriw.iut tlio people had to swallow what tbo press dictated. If it wn3 necossary in tbo in terests of tlio public to have a coalition. let it bo something on tho linos oxisting at prcsont. (Oh.) Why should thoro bo a coalitiou of ail tho heads of tho party to tho oxclusion of tho lass proini- " nont members who possessed merits equal to lhoso leaden. IIo was convinced that tlio country entertained -tho opiuionB ho was now giving utteranco to. .Air. AI'LEAN expressed tlio hopo that tho members of tho Govornment . would not press this question to a division, but would accept tho decision of tbo Houso on tlio voices, lie did not advocate this viow with any wish to avoid his responsibility, hut becatiBO lie thought such a courso would bo -the most dig nified. Ifo considered, in view of tlio groat diffi culties encountered by tho Governmont daring their term of office, that they -bail dono good work for tho -country. (Hear.) Thoy had avoided parly strife and carried measures of a practical and -usoful character. Thoy deserved very great credit for having dono , perhaps more than any previous Government in . forwarding tbo interests of tho country districts, nnd lio hoped that in'this respect thoir example would bo followed by their successors. Ho sympathised with tho remarks mado by tlio Commissioner of Public Works about tho Railway Bill, which . some hon. mombors condomnod as a bribery bill j and yot voted for it. Ho hold that that bill | would do more for tho prosperity of tho country | than oould bo attained by monoy spont in any j other way. If this question was pressed to n voto ho could not support tho Governmont. Whon hoforo his constituents ho told thom that if tho Constitutionalists wore returned strong enough to form a Govern ment ho would sit straight bohind thom, or if tho present Government was returned strong enough to carry ou the business of tho country to ndvnntago lie would give thom tho Bame support as in tho past. But looking at tho prosout position of partioa. tho Govornment muBt admit thoy wore not strong enough to carry on. Thoy had nppealod to tho country because thoy could not carry on tbo business, and not having como back from tbo country with their bands strengthened bethought tboy should now retire in tho most gracofnl nnd digni&od.; manner by accoptlng the decision of the House. Mr. BOSISTO romnrkod that sooing tho prc sont Govornment had not offered to nssist in sottling matters, lio was quite prepared to sap- port any Governmont of a coalition character which would bring forward measures of a prac tical character. Air. BENT said ilwas amazing to him how somo gontlcmen conid affect a forgetfulness. Tho hon. membor (Mr. Boni3to) was actually present whon tlio whulo Ministry expressed themselves willing to resign if a Constitutional Alinistry was formed. (Air. Bosisto : Novor.) Months ago lio wont to Air. Francis and told him that ho could havo four scats for the ofiico seokors of tho Constitutional party. But why should tho Governmont giro up its seats now ? Thoy got into office fairly and honorably, and thoy wont to tlio country and wero re-olected. The Age and Argus woro talk- ing about tho Government sticking to their seats, bat had thoy not mot tho Houso at tho earlicBt opportunity ? And Afr. Berry had said that ho wonld .novor again resign without meoting tho House. What was all this prating about resign ing? Why should thoy go out of ofiico? Lot Air. Borry and Sir Charles MaoAIahon coalesce. Did not Air. Borry call Sir Ohnrlos AracAfahon n corrupt Speaker? (No.) But ho did. "Was tho Constitutional party willing to unito with tho man whom thoy had spent hundreds and thousands of pounds to.got out of tho country ? -One hon. meipber had said that whon Afr. Berry was put in tho team ho would bo tatnod.; but Afr. Borry would break lu tho Constitutionalists. (Laughter.) 'The Constitutionalist party had dona its utmost to damn Air. Berry, hut they had not suc ceeded. Tho present ought to .bo the proudest moment of Air. Berry's life, when his old cnomies wore courting him. Were tho Constitutional party going to swallow tho Land Tax? Would it swallow Afr. Borry after trying to damn Lira, and ovon invoking the aid of tho clergy, aud then not able to do it ? .Ho regarded some of the Constitutionalists as " crawlers some had crawled into tlio Houso only by the skin of their teeth. During tlio 20 months of prosperity that they had enjoyed -thoy had been growing rich, and now they wero going iu for a little experimental logialaturo. They were told by tbo Argus that tbo Govern ment must not touch Woods's brake, yot the Servico Government, before leaving office, could appoint Judge Higinbotimm. On the day tho want of confidence motion was proposed. Air. Francis, Afr. Afirams and Sir Bryan O Logblen talked about it and it was ar ranged that it shoiild not bo gone on with. (Afr. Alirnms ; -Did I not say I would not vote for it). He (Mr. Bent) was calling to mind tho factof the meeting to show how inconsistent the Conserva tives now woro. Thoy joined to put a man out with whom thoy were now going to coalesce. Tho only men who went straight against tho Government wero Air. Berry and his' colloagues. But tho crawling conduct of Air. Servico was tho very reverse. Ho bam boozled tbo peoplo. Ho did not say 'bo was going to vote against tho Govornmeut, or indi cate vfbicli sido.ho was on. Was it evor thought tliat.AIr. Gillies wodltl coalesco with Air. Berry? Such political prostitutes as tho -loaders of tho Conservative party were never known before. As regarded patronage, the first 100 appoint ments mado in'tho return placod'boforc tho House wore mado by Mr. Putterson, who made more appointments 'than anybody olso : iu fact, 'ho drained -Castiemaino. Tbo allusion to com- Tiling an Irish dictionary cumo with bad.graco from the hon. -momher for tho Ovohb (Mr. Korford). Ho (Air. Bent) -was an Australian and n Protestant, and had mover Bought tho Roman 'Catholic -voto, ns !AIr. 'Kerferd hail done. If another gontloman had had time to put in his nomination paper, Afr. Korford would not bo sitting in tbo House now, and when ho next wont to'liia constituents ho would probably not como lmdk. In this country tho native 'born know nothing about Fenianlsm, or OrangoiBm ; and men liko Afr. -Patterson nnd Afr. .Korford, who sought to set Class against clnss'by intro ducing such subjects .in this country, ought to bo kopt out of Parliamont. ' Sir Bryan O'Loghlen liafl been put out becauso ho waB a Roman Catholic, but ho (Mr. Bont) believed there would bo a revulsion of -fooling in favor of 'that gontlo man before vory long. Honorablo and Inmost men would regret that tho Ilouso had lost tlio ability of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, whothcr ho was a Minister or not. llow many times had not .Mr. Berry said that Air. Francis and others of his party had -bscn failures ? And liis (Air. Bent's) exporienced was that thoy were. , Tho object of tlio Constitution alists was, as had been said, to break in Mr. llorry as a steer and ruin his party, but he (Atr, Bont) would tell tho Constitutionalists that Mr. Berry would swallow them up. IIo would call Mr. Borry apolitical prostitute, and tbo present coalition the Fatinitza Alinistry. The coun try did not declare against tho present Govorn ment, but a number of men got into tho Houso under false protencos. When Sir Bryan O'Loghlon took office he found tho coun try £50,000 in debt, and by his policy of peace lie at t onoo set about getting tlio colony out of Tho Ministry had dono a vaBt amount of good in tho matter of water supply, both in Molbourno and ia the country ; in tbo railway department new sheds -bad boon orcct'ed, the rates for carriago of grain aud of agricultural nnplomonts bad bocn considerably reduced, numorous piers had been erected, suburban lines had been duplicated, and now carriages had been ordered from England whon thoy could not bo made fust enough hero ; £-100,000 worth of rolling stock had beon ordered from Bsliarat. Tho lion, membor for Kmorald-hill (Mr. Nimmo) had fitalod'Cutsido the Houso that £145,000 was sont out of tho colony for engines. Tho fact was that only half a dozca had been so sont for. Ten -months ago an order was sont to Ballarat. . and not ono of tbo en gines had ybt boon supplied. Ho supposed that tbo Education Commission would not bo interfered with if thore was a coalition, bat at the samotimo lie saw no reason for its oxistonoo if this was to ho a happy land, for nothing in tho. way of abuses would require to bo looked into. As to tlio lion, member for Ballarat Woat-(Mr. W. Collard Smith) iio had obsorvod bim in public lifo for tho last 12 years, and ho felt if ho allowed cortain othor gentlomon to throw him over and jump tho position, ho wns not tho man ho (Mr. Bont) took him for. Tho- Conservative organ had said that it was uncon stitutional for the Ministry to deal with tlio tenders for brakes, but that journal might havo Bparod itself tho troublo, as ho had somo days Binco advisod tho Caliinot'thnt they oould not doal with tho tenders, owing to n pro mise mado that tho matter should bo again referred to tho Houso. They had boon blamod about their dealing with tho land, question, but if it had not _ been for tbo Members of tho Conservative party, who would not allow tho Land Bill to bo pro ceeded with, tho country would now ho reaping ! an income of £70,000 from that source. (Mr. Afirams : Sir Bryan O'Loghlen said from £30,000 I tOjElO.OOO). Ho included tho mallec. How long j wonld it bo with this playing for office before tlio : Land Bill wonld bo touched ? (Mr. Miroins : No matter how long so as wo retain tho land). Tlio country was crying out for tho land, and -would tho new Alinistry give it to them ? He claimed that his_ Government had dono a groat deal for tho mining districts, and doniod that tho verdict .of tho country at tholato cloctionshad Ucenagainst -thom. When tho Govornmont camo into office tho colony was head ovor ears in debt. Now tbo Treasury was overflowing. They had givon water to tho country districts. Mr. MIRAAIS : Did tho Government bring tho rain r (Laughter.) Mr. BENT: No; but tho peace and prosperity thoy bronght had pat the people in a prayerful .mood — (laughter) — and allowed them the oppor tunity to pray terrain. In tho old time thoy wero kopt cursing Borry, (Laughter.) Atoro churches hud boon built sinco the present Govornmont bad boon in power than during any previous poriod, and when the history of this period wus written by some future impartial historian all this pro3- perity would be written down to tho O'Loghlen Government. If tho man who callod thom '"unmitigated muffs" was present, ho would askhimif ho knew tho difference between "un mitigated muffs" and "unmitigated drunken muff." (Shnino.) What's a shame ? Mr. ZOX : I riso to order. I think every man's reputation should be protected, and tho Minister -of Railways has no right to uso — I will not say' a low.but a disgraceful expression. Tho Sl'EAKElt ralod tho words to bo disorderly if applied to an hen. member of tlio House, Afr. ZOX : An absent hon. membor is referred to, Ate. BENT : I will not say anything behind any man's back that I will not say to his faco. However, if tho Speaker rules so, I withdraw tlio words. Tho oyes of tho country wero now on both sides of tho House, and why, ho might ask, did not the Constitutionalists take office alone ? Why did -not Atr. Berry nnd his party term a Alinistry of their own ? Ho never heard or road of such a coalition ns that which it was said was proposed, and he would not boliovo tlmt it would tnko place until it was an accomplished fact. In tho time of tho iron hand a tew mon had made a groat resistance, and tho sumo would be ease now. Tho Government nevor said die, and though, thoy would now go down, thoy would I como up ugain. Air. BOWAIAN, as ono of the Independent j members . of tho House, donounced tho -intended i .coalition, and thought that if the Constitutional j party had stood by itself and bad not coalesced i with Mr. Borry tbey would havo found a l niunber of Liberal members supporting thorn. > Looking at the past, and tho position .which tho j 'leaders had taken up towards oaob other, he did I not sco bow the coalition could bo tolerated. If I somo amendment liko that of the bon. member I for Aluidon were not carried ho would vote with tlio Government. I The amendment of Ate. Service was then put : I and carried. Ate. SERVICE thou movod that Messrs. Borry, -Af'Lcan, Tuckor, Harper, Boll, Walkor and tlio mover ho appointed a committee to prepare an address in reply iu tho terms of the amend ment. .Agreed to. After a Bliort retirement, the committee sub mitted the following address, which was adopted: — " Wo, tho Logislativo Assembly of Victoria in Parliamontassorablcd, bog tooxpross our loyally to our most gracious Sovereign, and respectfully inform your Excellency that your advisors do not possess tho confidenco of Parliamont." It was resolved, on tho motion of Air. SER VICE, that the address bo presented to tho Go vernor by tho'Spcakcr on the following day. SUPPLY. Mr. GRANT movod that the House to- morrow rosolvo itself into committee of supply of ways and means. Agreed to. ELECTIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS COM- MLTTEE. ' The SPEAKEltluid on tho tablo of tho Houso tho iiamoa of tho following members who are nominated aa.monfbcrs, constituting the Elections and Qualifications Committeo : — Al0S3rs. Bolton, Coppin, Deakin, M'Intyrc, Thompson Aiooro, Patterson and Sor.vico. Wedxesdat, 7th AlAnqn. THE ADDRESS IN REPLY. Ate. GRANT Informed tho House 'that -Minis ters had tendered their resignation to tlio Govor- nor that morning, and now only held office ponding the appointment of their succossors. Afr. Sor- vico, who had boon sent for by ids Excellency, and who was now -engaged in tlio formation of a Governmont, had roquosted Ministers to obtain from the Houso tho necessary supplies, PE5SONAL EXPLANATION. Ate. BUNT complained of having been incor rectly reported in the Argus of -that day. Ho had boon reported to say in connoction with immoral alliances, such as that botween tho Liberals and Conservatives, that the Holy Ghost declared it would go to tlio bad. What lie did say was that tho Iioly Book had dcolarcd sucii immoral alliances would go to tho bad. ELECTION OF .CHAIRMAN OF COM- \- AlITI'KES. On tho motion that the ilouso resolve itself into Committeo of Supply, Afr. FRANCIS asked the Speaker whothcr lio would bo in order in now submitting tbo namo of Mr. Cooper as Chairman of Committees. In tho last -Parliament Sir Bryan O'Loghlen sub- lnittcd Mr. Coopor's namo at the stago when tho Houso was about going into committee on tho Customs Duties Bill. He wished to ask would ho be in ordor now in following a similar courso. Tho SPEAKER said that Ate. Coopor's namo might be submitted to tlio House at that stage. Mr. FRANCIS then moved that Ate. Cooper he elected Chairman of Committees. lie foand that no notice was given in tho Inst Parliamont of tho motion upon which Ate. Cooper was ap-' pointed chairman, and in submitting tlio samo motion now ho was only following the practico already laid down. Ate. Al'fNTYRE socondod the motion, Mr. RICHARDSON roso to a point ot order Tlio practico in tho Houso of CommonB wns to submit the names of candidates, giving notice of motion. . Ate. FRANCIS pointed out that tho Speaker had given n ruling qnito to tlio contrary. In tho last session ho held that the most regular courso was to submit tho motion for the elaction of Chairman . of Committees without notice this boing tho.praclico in tho Honso of Commons. Mr. M'INTYRE held that the proper limo for appointing n chairman was upon going into committee' of supply. Ate. RICHARDSON asked for Ilio Snoakor'a ruling whether it was not nooessary that nolico ahonld ho.givcn of tlio motion, and wbothor it was not tho practico to appoint a temporary chairman undor circumstances similar to tho present. Thoro wero scvoral candidates for tho position. An Hop. Mranr.n : Why are they not hero? Air. RICHARDSON : Tboy woro there, but tbo fact was tbey woro now in the position of dot having parties properly defined yot, ( Minis terial ironical cheers). Ho was sure tlio hon. member (Atr. Francis) did not wish to tako any unfair advantage. Air. W. COLLARD SAHTn thought as a matter of fair play that tlio eioction of a chair man should not bo pressed that night. On a former occasion a temporary Chairman was ap pointed nntil it had been decided liy the parties to whom tho office should bo given. The SPEAKER said that the usual courso fol lowed in tho Houso of Commons was that tlio Chairmnu of Committees was selected iu com mitteo without notice. But if thoro was any dif ference of opinion tho Speaker was nskod to rc- sumo the chair until tlio quostion was docidod. In that Houso the Chairman of Committees had commonly been elected by notice. His own opinion wa9 that notice of motion was not necossary, and that tho usual courso was to olcot tho Chairman whon tbo Houso wan resolving itself into committee, nnd if any difference of opinion occurred then the Speaker resumed tbo chair. Mr. NIMAIO said lie objected to tho motion, but not bccanso lie had any personal oh- jeet-ion towards Ate. Cooper. On the contrary, ho thought when Ate. Cooper was in tho chair last Parliament that ho conducted himself in a manner to whicii no objection could bo lakon. But there wore young members in tlio House who required to bo initiated into the pro ceedings of tho House. It was of tho highest importance that thc30 young moinbers should be afforded an opportunity of acquiring this know ledge of Parliamentary procedure. 'There was a young member (Ate. Dow) whom ho wished to boo placed in tbo office, be lieving that ho would fill it witli credit. Ho thought that the ofiico should' not be held by the samo man for any very groat length of tiuo. Ho beliovud a chango should bo made in order to give tho young members of tho Houso a chanco of distinguishing thcmsolvcs. If the Speaker would allow him to propose an Amend ment— though ho beliovcd such a course was irre gular—ho would -propose that -Ate. Dow's namo bo substituted for Ate. Cooper's. Ate. LANGRLDGE seconded the amendment. Ate. FINCHAAI said lie belonged to no party, and occupied a thoroughly impartial position in this .matter. The present Speukcr had been re- olootcd to tho office bocauso of his special qualifi cations, and for tho same reason he would vote for tho ro-eloetion of Ate. Cooper as Chairman of Committees, as that gentleman had shown special capacity for the office. It was noccseary that tbey Bhouhl appoint a Chairman who wonld com- .nmnd tlio confidenco of tbo Houso, othcrwiso they could not expect to boo Ills ridings re spected. Tho man who was elected ought to havo shown that ho possessed .special fitness for the ofiico. He thought Ate. Cooper's qualifica tions were tho strongost, and ho would there fore support his candidature. The SPEAKER said tbo proper way to put tho question was by putting to tlio House the liamo of ouch member in tbo order proposed. Tho motion that Ate. Cooper bo cloctcd Chair man of Committees was put, and tho Houso divided on it with tho following result : — AycB 41 Noes 28 Alajorily for Afr. Cooper ... 13 Tho following ia tho division list :— AYES— 41. Mr. Anderson Air. Francis Mr. Moore ltont Gilib Officer Bolton Gillies Orkney jlealsto Grout Sliackcll Bowman Graves Shicls Burrowes Harper Smith, O. -Cauioron Harris J. Toehoy Clark, II. Koya Walkor -Connor Inilgilon -Woods Ooppin Lovion Wrixon JDavius, M. If. Muudeii. J. J. Yoo Dorhani, Madden, W. Young, 0. Duffy -M'Intyrc Zox. Finciiam JU'Loau -NOK8-28. ' Mr. Baker Mr. Langridge Mr. Boarson Bell Laurens Ilccs Bitlson Macgrcgor llchl iDavles, D..M. -Mason Itiohnrdson Doakln Al'Goll HussoU Gardiner < M'Lcllnii -Smith, W. C. Hull Mirsms Tuckor '.Harris Nlnmio Or on .Jamos Pattorson Young, -A. '.SUPPLY. Afr. GRANT moved tliat tho Speaker do leavo the chair, with tho .viow.of going into committee of supply. Air. COOPER, on taking tho chair, tliahkcd tho .House Tor the honor dono him by lion, mem bers in olccting him -for the third time to tlio chairmanship. Ho trusted that ho would do nothing to forfeit the confidence placed -iu him, or unbecoming tbo dignity of the blouse. -A bill to apply out of the consolidated rovonuo, tho sum of £5S7,fi00, was then introduced and passod through ail its stages. TEMPORARY ADVANCES BILL. A hill to apply temporarily £170,000 out of tho consolidated revenuo, or tho "Railway Loan Ac count 1S78," for Yim Yean works and railway materials, was passed through all its stages. Tncnsi'Av, 8nr AtAnoii. ADDRESS TO. THE GOVERNOR. The SPEAKER announced thathohad presented the address/agreed to by tbo Logislativo Assembly to his Excellency tbu Govornor, who' had been graciously pleased to accopt it. THE NEW AIINIBTRY. Air. FRANCIS said he had been asked to an nounce tlio names of tbo now iMinistry, which wero as follow : — Jamkh Skjivick, Premier, Treasurer and Aiinistcr of Education. Guatiam "Bunny, Chief Rocrelary and Post- master- General. G. B. Kuufukd, Attorney-General. R. S. Axiieiisok, Minister of Justice. D. Gii.mes, Alinister of Railways. A. L. TuckkiS, Alinister of Lands and Presi dent of tho Board of Land and Works. A. Dbakin, Aiinistcr oi Public Works and Water Supply. J. F. Levien, Aiinistcr oi Alines and Agri culture. G. D. LANoninoE, Alinister of Customs. T. T. Saroooii, Memlicrof tho Ministry and Afomber of tho Exccutivo Council with out ofiico. Ho (Mr. Franois) would givo notice, in accord ance, with tho usual custom, that tho House, at m? "n"®' B'10u'(l adjourn till Tuesday, 3rd April. Tho Govornor had beon pleased to approvo of tbo names presented to him, and tho mombors of tho new Alinistry had been sworn in. Thoir Boats wero consequently vacated, and ho desired tlio House to adjourn until tho 3rd April, which was tho shortest limo possiblo for tho oloctionB, as Easter week would intervene hotwooh tho present time and then, and the writs for tho elections could not be determined in n shorter poriod. Air, W. AT. CLARK seconded the motion, which was agreed to. . AfliSSAGK FROM THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, Tlio SPEAKER rend a message from tlio Logis lativo Council announcing , tho fact that tho mi TV ADJOURNMENT. tilTTuc"l'3rdA7.ri|mUtC31'a5tfivc' 