Railway Bridge over Dora Creek. Our readers will have seen by our columns recently that some objections were made to the erection of the proposed railway bridge over Dora Creek, at the height specified in the plan thereof. We are pleased to learn that the efforts of the member for the Wollombi have resulted in an alteration of the original plan, so that the bridge shall not interfere with the navigation of Dora Creak. The following letter from the Department of Public Works on the subject will prove of interest to many of our readers : Department of Public WorkB, Sydney, 27th October, 1883. Sir,-Referring to your letter of the 22nd instant, respecting the anticipated obstruction to Dora Creek by the proposed railway bridge, I am directed oy the Secretary for Public Works to inform you that it is intended to raise the level of the proposed bridge so AS to avoid interiering with the navigation of the creek in question -1 have, etc., JOHN RAE. J. A. Gorrick, Esq., M.P. " NEW LAMPS FOB OLD ONES ! !" (vide Aladdin and Judson.)-Re-dye everything with Judson's Dyes. Re-gild your picture frames with Judson's Gold Paint. Re- black your fenders, stoves, &c;, with Judson'e Artista' Black, Sold by Chemists, Stationers, and Storekeepers everywhere, 2206 GHOSTS.-An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals, The sceptical miod is, how- ever, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy' bread is the most potent. It, is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't " raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store- keeper has it by him, and every good housewife buys it. I " WHO STEALS MS POSSE, STEALS TBASH, 'tis something, nothing, And has been s'.ave to I thousands. But he who niches from me my good name, &c.;"-Who imitates the mere external form of an article, by counterfeiting the style in which it is offered to the public, perpetrates a comparatively slight wrong to bim who pirates upon its reputation by uBing the name for some inferior manufacture. Who branda some impure compound as WOLFE'S SCHIBDAM ABOMATIC SCHNAPPS " filches" from it its "gjod name." * 6346 The Emperor has contributed 50,000 marks to the fund for the relief of the sufferers from the Iechia earthquake. 