??etcber. IN THE DEATH STATION. FROM THE BRCOLLECTIONS OF A SIDERIAN FUGITIVE. I ni?n lived four years as exile in Siberia, in the village of Balachca, when one night the opportunity came to escape with the horse and sleigh belonging to the inspector of the exiles. I flow out of the village and all night long'through solitary plains of snow without 'ionuppnOg..P - Au-dawn approaohod I saw a vi?. logo on my right, but fearing recognition and capture I Went on across the endless wastes of -now, after pausing down in a ravine to feed my horse and strengthen myself with brandy. On I went, the whole day without having seen a single human being. Toward night my horse grew weary and soon could only walk. At last le stood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if I remained quiet there on the plain, I might be surprised either by wolves or by the in. numerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, 1 did not know in what direction I had journeyed during the last hours, for I might have` approached the place I started from. For readiness in any case, I drew out two re. volvers, also stolen from our inspector, oharged each barrel with ball and laid them both before me. After my horse had stood awhile and eaten snow, ho soowed readiness to proceed. But whither? Idid not know, and left it to the' horse to go. where he would. As soon as lie felt the loose rein he turned at once to the left and went offin a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darler till at last I could scarcely see a step before me. But the horse seemed to trace something, for he pointed his ears" continually and looked steadily before him.' I also was watchful, and standing upin tihe slhigh; gazed straight ahead. But I.saw and. heard nothing, and was about to sit'down again when I suddenly perceived a point .f. light in the distance. My horse also saw it and trotted faster for. ward. This light nlight come from a farm. hlonso window, but it might also came from a fire built,by wandorere in thie snowy desert. "Be it what it may," I said to myself, " I most. get out of..thi uncertain situation though-fall in with robbers.",: :,:. L. : . .. Soon afterward I could discern the outline of a great structure which stood alone in the middle of the4dosert, and from whose one window thlira~o ofligbt shown. I was especially sti~ k withitbo loneliness of the building and the' smakohwhich came from the nuo window. -Afraid ef'being observed, I drovo slowly and qdietly 'p, ostopped by the back wall of the strangi buildinig, fastened the liorseoto a post, thiewaheaep of hay before him, and then stole?€alutiously and noise. leslylfup to'theo ,indo?,?whence the light streamed. Accustomed to the darkness, my eyes could at first distinguish nothing of the interior ; it was only after some minutes that I realized the picture presented to my view. .But this scene was so frightful that my- blood curdled in my .veins, my hairrose on end and a cold sweat broke out on my.brow . . \ The whole interiorof tbo building vas'filled with smolke which rose from a burning pile of logs inathe contre.!. -ound this fire sat thres men whose faces lihad a fantastic look in the red glow of the fire.. Near the hearth. in' the loos, boards of,the floor, a great' opening. was visible, frbm which six men, one afeie another, soon came, out, and each bore a' stiffebed humann, corpse I The bodies, were wrapped only ii. linen, and, were. chalk-white from frost. The bearers wvore peasants'; dress, and were robust fellows willsth rough, repulsive faces. Two of the men sitting round the fire were dressed in city clothes, while the third 'ap peared like a butcher; ihe wore a blue apron,, had his sleeves rolled up and helda ? great knife in his hand. When' the six peasants' entered with their dreadful burden, the ,threa stepped back from the firo and tho six corpses were pot in their place, erect round'the pile of logs lkecandles. :I ,- \ , ... <. .. It was a horrible sight for pnb I The ire glared upon the white formsof, th 'dead, while over their heads the black smoke gathered. I distinguishedam ng thoem four men, a woman and a boy. One of the male corpses had a board of extraordinary length. When the bodies were somewhat : thaved they were taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the floor on tlio'outpread linen. At the same moment the ' butcher" went up to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in the abdomen of the one nearest him., I could not explain to myself the mean ing of this whole scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indifference the ' but cher" ripped open the abdomen, took out the insides, carved, divided, and slowed to the city dressed men, and then thrust agaih into 'the body belonging to them., . , . ) I hoad often in my life' wituessed errible events, but' what I saw here :went beyond all human conception. It seemed to.be att, all this was more a fantasy of my wearied' brain than a reality. I remembered how authors of horrible tales after presenting a train ol?im possible, unheared of occurrences and exciting the reader's curiosity to the highest' degree, suddenly broke off with the simple sentence: SI walked up, the bright'sunshine, ete." What happened in romances might be in reality. . I rubbed my eyes, looked, tried to collect my thoughts, in vain I I did not sleep, I saw, I heard,I breathed I Before me the wall of theawful building, blackened by the eternal storms; near me my tetheredhorse, and my sleigh; all about me a boundless waste of snow; above mee the sullen, clouded Siberian heavens. Whatshould I do.? I thought to myself. Should I fly? But where? Or should I penetrate into the house and shoot down these desecrators of the dead ? Terrified, benumbed, I stood there half dead and did not know what to decide upon. At lastI concluded to. abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to steel'softly to my sleigh again and run up. and down, but my feet refused to serve me., I tried to scream out ; my voice.died'in my throat., An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, para lyzed my will. I already began to.doubt the correctness of my judgment. L I could not understand who I was, who theo 'dreadful people were, what was the object of their terrible doings. .Finally the moment came, the one momeilt in mylifeowhen I began to believe in a.supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. But this moment did not last,long. Then, as I, so perplexed,mused and stared within, Isuddenly felt someone from be hind seize me by my fur collar and roar fear. fully at me. . Like arbroken straw I dropped without a sound and knew no more that hap pened to me. ''When' I recovered my consciousness and epened my eyes, Ilay.in thb snow while the tw6 men in city elothen rubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive and encourage me. - il - . .. a t "Yoi?trefrightened, myfriend," one ofthen said to me. "Do not fear; wawill do'nothing to you. We ardo octors and here onlyin the discharge ol'our- duty.' ' ."Yes-b-ut the cepsnes.'l I could: sarcely utter the wor?s. . - I:The corpses, -brother,". na of the mine re. -lied,"are of the peasants in this region who died'of cholera, and here in the Death Station we have dissected them. -By/accident you ivitnessed the most repugnant worklof, our office. Such a scene is offensive to'anyone, but most so to those who have never before seen it. If it is agreeable t you to travel with us to the next post-station; it will give us great pleasure," concluded the amiable doctor. , SBut I thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance ofl both doctors into my sleigh. and rode swiftas an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I felt myself alone again on the plains, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, but there in such a case they may not inter the body without its inspection by the police and a post mortems examination by physicians ; but the number of doctors in Siberia as insufll cient, so, between the solitary villages so called peath Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in cold cellars built for Ithem, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, are they separately con veyed to their lonely burial places and'is terred. Thus I was the involuntary witness of such a judicial post mortesm,. and I shudder even now when I recall that night during mny flight from Siberia.-From the Gesias?., 