USEFUL GHOSTS, k Tikkesbeb ghost comes to a house in Hamilton county, and rochs the baby to sleep wvery night. Now, then, by all the dwellers in "the nether gloom,' if there is a reckless ghost v>f any old ancestor of ours would like to dud -steady employment at good wages in a quiet &touly; and good neighbourhood, we can give the 'perturbed spirit all it wants to do in the silent line of general hcu?ework, with Sunday after noon for itself, and one night out every week when it could go around and raise a ghostly racket with the neighbours, and haunt all the ' lonely housrs in the neighbourhood What a . gem of a house sen-act a ghost would be. Never '*ease'back; always invisible. The pie would come on the table as though it were sailing \- through the air; the carpet sweeper would perform ite noiseless functions without the .. howling accompaniment of ' Gnali«Da-gnah nv tha-wuh—that wur the place whayre the whisky is plenthy—whack! foi-dhe- rol'lol!' And at right it could haun*- all the objectionable ' neighbours until they fled the neighbour hood, and property would depreciate seventy - five per tent., wheu we could buy it iu and whacfc up with the ghost. No lights and no fire teqnired for the ghost's room. No private Watchman wanted on the block; no dog on the . premises. When a burglar climbed in at the window and felt the cold, clammy fingers of the ghost wiggiinjyiown the back of hie neck; . when he drove a ten inch bowie knife clean 'through the ghost's bosara five times a*d the ^ spectre smiles sadlv at him and showed him where his throat had been cut clear off t ine . years before, how the robber would drop bis kit and vriog his restless flight to realms beyond the farther limits of the city corporate. And when the door bell rang, the gho t could just •tick its head clear through the key hole and aee who was there before the door was opened. And there would be no ewe*thearts loafing about the kitchen Sunday nights, ah no Truly, .a ghost would be a great boon to the home and if any of our readers knows of a ghost out of a • job, send him at once t> this office. Silence is the better part of some orators' eloquence. :. Musical.—Children, for the major part, cry lan minor tones. " Ueveb traTel without a pocket companion. A well-filled pocket-book is the best. These is a proper way to do everything, but even in boiling an egg it may be bard. ' Paying dear for good company,* as the rook said when He was put into ' he pigeon pie. Anybody can tell you what to putin a news paper; but the real problem is what to lease ' out;- . From a Client who hasLost a CasV. Tiawyers should sleep well—it is immaterial on i which side they lie. • ). . A MAW who b -d a scolding wife, being asked. what he did for a living, replied that he ' kept • bofbonse.' 'Doctor, examine my tongue,' said a good woman,' a- d tell me what it needs.' 'It needs rest,* replied the doctor. A health journal says you ought to tike three-quarters of an hour for dinner. It . is well, also, to add a few vegetables and a piece of meat. . Miss Ln.V.ri'KACE says she uses powder merely to take the shine o(i her face, but Fogg thinks she UBes it to take liio shine oft the other women's facet. On a gentleman complaining to Chief Baron O'Grady that he had caaght a boy stealing his turnips, and asking if ho could not prosecute , h'm under the Timber Acts, the baron replied quickly,' Ho; not unless the turnips are sticky.' A notTBBKEEPBB asks: 1 Whktft tile simplest way to keep jelly from molildiugontop ?| dhut a email boy up in the pantry for a few minutes. GHkl graduates wear gowns precisely like those worn by university men, and made by the same tailor. The only way to tell whieh from t'other is to wait for a mou«o. Whey la Fontaine wont to Versailles to present his Fables to the King it appeared thfct,' after he had delivored a Very good address, h'o had forgotten tho book 1 Head of the establishment': * David, you kro a fool l* David: 'Well, sir, I can't r.Mp it. When yon engaged me yon tcld me to imitate you, and I've done the best I could * i A clbver witticism is attributed to the late Princo Imperial When asked why people always said 'bravo as a aword/ and neTer 'brare as a cannon,* he replied: 'Becau-o a cannon always recoils \Ylien it is fiVed.' Tub three reasons which a good woman pre sentsd for objecting to a preacher werj striking ones She said that, in the first place, lie roan his sermon; in the second, he did not read it well; and, in third pi am, it was not worth reading. ' IsTBtttGBBT ? * aa;d the butcher. ' That dog o* mine whs tho most intelligent creator* that ever travelled on four feet. Why, when he committed suicide he did it by jumping into the sausage machine, so as to save me all tho work he could' A lady stopping at an hotel in Australia was biten by a rat, and hod sued the proprietor of tho house for $10,0)0 damage*. The bite was not severe, but her fright was so great that her hair, hanging on the back of a tliair, turned grey before morning. A Hesbbb of a fashionable congregation Called at a music shop and inquired: 'Have you the notes of & piece called the Hong of Solomon?' adding, 'Our vieir referred to it yesterday as an exquisite gem, and sty wire would like to learn to play it:' .A GBSTLB*AN saw a board with 'This cot* tare for ekil' psinte 1 on it. Seeing, a weman In front of the house, he stopped ami asked bor very politely when the cottage 'would sail.' ' Ju*t as soon as tho man comes who can raise , the wind,* was the quiet reply. 1 'Why didn't you deliver that rhstsage as I gave it to you V a- ked a gentleman of his stupid servant. 'I did de best Icuild.' 'You did' the best you could, did you ?' imitating his j voice and look. ' If I had koown I was sendiog I a donkey, I would have gone myselt' ' 8noax Supply.—A vigorous old fellow in . Maine who had lately buried his fourth wife I was accosted by au acquaintance who, unaware I of his bereavement, asked : ' How is your wife, i Cap'n Plowjogger ?' To which the Cap'n re plied, with a perfectly grave face: 'Waal, to I tell ye the trewth, I'm k nder out of wives just | naow' ! Severely Polite —A somewhat fashionable young man recently entered a railway car not a great many miles from Lowell, Massachusetts, and passing by eercral seats containing each butone male occupant, preceded to where a young lady sat alom*, and asked her if the vacant seat at her side wa* engaged. Answer ing in the negative, she offered him the inside teat n*ar the open window, whieh he graciously accept d ; then quietly picking up her satchel, she left him to his own reflections and s-it with a Iddy behind her. Hie young man bluehed to his ears, and those who witnessed bis dis- ] comfiture tmiled all over their faces. Loved Lucbe.—There were tears in the soft blue eyes as the raise ! her head from his shoulder, and in resporse to his urgent request to know what was the matter sobbing y said:— 4 Papa failed t -day; lost every cent he had in the world. It is attrrible blow. Butthnt won't make any difference in jour feelings for me, George, will it ?' And she threw & look of en treaty at him that might have melted a cast-iron eleva'ed railway director. 'h'o,' replied the implacable youth, caltr.ly, ' my feelings for you changed suae time ago.* . 'J hen ho slid out of her arms as if he had been greased, and was gone forever.—Brooklyn .Fop/e. He had bee* THesV "Bsfoee.—Ifc had I evidently been * fired.' He cime tlnough a saloon cfoor on Marietta* trcefc like a comet on a wild c»t schedule, »*nd wh»n he hit the pave ment the people all around the block thought j the cupo'a had fallen off tho State capitol A crowd gnthcrcd around him as he reassembled himself, and a policeman said: 'You got tho I G.B.?' ♦' Y-a-ft-s,* he drawled; 'in .capital 1 letters a foot Ion/.' ' Who oid it?'-, ' Barkccp in there,' pointing to the sdoon door. .'What 'or ?' 'I thought the danged old shebang had changed hands—but it hadn't.' Tho Meeting lost, further interest: in the case.—Georgia \ Major.. • He Beat Them at I ast,—'The help wo get | nowadays don't amount .to chucks. Time was ' when the help yon hired in haying could do a decentday's work, but this year they're wurn'n ever.' Old FarmerSroithwAsgellingmhayathis ! farm in a suburban town, an i hud two or three j hew men at work ; wiili him • The ol I-than I continued: * Tell you'.what it is; o'd us Ium I | can puck moro hay on . to a : waggon than any i two men of the prwent day can fork, up.' j * Suppo3o you try il, old man,' suggested one of the men, at the satno «imo tipping the wink to liis male on the opposite side to 'sock it'to the old man. The old fellow needed no second-! invitation. With a bound he mounted tho cart, and was stowing away hay at a tremendous ! rate. Up came forkfuh after forkful, first on one sjd© and then upon tho otlifr. -The 'help' »as putting in its best lick*, and the old mun was kept squirming around in lively st;. 1c' much to tho amusement of till hands. Tho ' help' was rapidly g tting tired; it would never do to give up and allow the old I man to come off victorious. Something muni be done at once. '-When I put up a, heavy ! forkful on this side, give him all you can lift from tho other end, and knock him out/ said I one of the men to the other, in an undertone. The p'au worked well.' Ono of them lifted An extraordinary big forkful; jAst putting it upon tho edge of tho load, and while the old man was leaning over endeavouring to got it in place, olio fellow on tho olhrr sido throw all he could lift on the hack of. the old.fellow, which of course upjet him, And sent him sprawling to the ground. 1 Hello ! what aro J'ou down hdro for?' asked No. 1, ondoavouring As Arell As lie could to conceal his morrimenk. Quick SB a flash from the old than tho .answers. After more flay P. TUfs answer lired tho 'help' com pletely. .- 1 t; ,, . ' Foon Tipple.—A rich .ineid'enl: of life is related by the Old Ordhard Sea Shell,1 where a verdant youth, wishing to show his newly ihirried wifo that ho was familiar with the ways of the world, ordered at dinner what ho supposed was a bottle of wine with a high- | sounding tit o but 'small In. p ica, ft tfas A quart bottle of ' Huoyadi Jilnoo.' Thoy evi dently did not liko tho flavour, as they gave onO or tho gentlemen clerks of the house an invitation to join them in a social glasB, which was respectfully dec.incd, so they went through tho full quart by ihomselves. Nothing was s en of tho young couple after tboy left tho diniog hall, but it was known that they did not extend their bridal tour that night as in tended. A message was sent td their friends ahead tbAt they bad been detained by soaBick ntess, And it was two dAys before they w'crie j ready to proceed on their w'&y.; Thh SkEVANT Qiit QcBeitok. - A middle Aged woman featSrsd a Brooklyn car the other evening, and after taking her Beit addressed herself to a window-pane opposite to her. In the course of her remarks the taid : 'I never drank any liquor in me life, and I'll never drink any more till I go home to ould Ireland, "fto Itish nade apply," indade! Me fine leddy wants a good plain cook; wailh'cr and ironer; but shb mfist ho Butch, German, or Swa^e. Faith, it's a wonder, then, they den't want Protestan' horses. An Irish Catholic horse wouldn't be good enough to draw thorn. Jew or Gintile, they're all alike. And me a number av the Land Li ague. too. An' now, ladies and gentlemen,' she co tinued, ' if aiche av JreA will give me five cints 111 buy s'dme whisky whin I go heme, And drink tho health of yoz all and success to the Laud League.' There was no response, and the woman, looking around | md te-ing that tho car was empty, exclaimed: •Howlr Aloics! Nobody left but the con ductor! I can't trust mesolf wid tho man. Lave mo out; lave ine out.' Sho wae left out. Just His ^Teak Foist. -Ex-Senator Thomas J. Creamer tells a good story of the jialmy days when the Hon Faddy Burns was a doputy sheriff. Ho wAt frequently dotailed to tike convicted prisoners to sing Siog prison. One day, as he approached tho entrance, a mild mannered prisoner held out a pair of small white hands chained together with handcuffs. 1 Sheriff,' he said, in piliful accents, ' look at those hinds; they will be no good in the quar ries. I'm here for ten years. It'll kill me to go into tho quofHts. Yoil might no well put a titled lady in a lailndry.' ' Alt, be ai-y, now,' said Paddy ; ' you talk so much yon twisht the eye of me.' ' I've a 1 undred dollar bill in my vest pocket, and ' Whisper—whisper,' broke iu Paddy, with sudden interest. ' It's my last hundred dollars,' the prisoner con tinued, ma low tone, ' and it's yours if .you'll only keep me out of the qnarrios.' ' What can ye do, now?' Paddy inquired.: 'Any light work,' was tho reply; ' can't '■ you get me something easy ?' 1 Well; now -1 don't know. Aro ye handy wid; a piii ? ' ' ' Handy with a pen?' repeated tho captive, with sudden energy. ' Heavens, inan, I'm too handy/ That's what I'm here for.' ' j r As .American Pabable.—Written since Mrs 1 angtry returned , td England.—There was a young man who spont fifty thousand dollars for the privilege of being a woman's slave. Finally the woman remarked to him, 'Ta-ta! I shall go homo to my huibaud for a couple of years, and some day wo may meet again.' ' Which is he?', said the young man in agonising tones. , ' Forgive my anxiety; but I feel bad, and hare some qurto.-ily.' 'I really don't, know,' said the woman, putting her fore finger thoughtfully fo.her nuse, . * I haven't had time to think of it. .Rut you can bare ibis it; ». this satiafaclivn dctr—it's.ei her Mr. Smith or the King of Fnglaud.' 'Ob, well, if that's the pase it's all right,' said t ho; woman's slave, with a relieve! expression of countenance. ' I was afraid, it might b') somebody ,clso, -you know.. Accept this additional cheque, and hel evs me always your darling.' When the ship had sailed, tho. woman. looked at tlfo cheque and sighed. ,'/t'e only a thousand,' she said,' and 1 hid_ expected over so* much more. : :I shall never" seo him again, and hubby needs ;tbo money so very much '—New .York Graphic. Hb Skcubbd a Demand por TnbrE Cocoa NUT8.—Tho othor day a Michigan Avenuo grocer had about two hundred and fifty cocoa/ nuts piled up'ia front of his doors.- To-day lie hasn't a single one/ The other day ho'thought be was stuck for nbout twCDty-five dollars To day h-Vrealises that lie has made' more cloar profitfn cocoanuls than iitiy other retailor in iletruit. I lis grJcer was reading in hid paper about some ono down East who smuggled whisky by filling cocoanuls with it, and ho finished the article, drew down his left oyc, und cilied out to his clotk : 1 Thomas Jefferson1 Bangs, go out and buy the > a gallon of mean whisks.' He selected six or eight coc.ianute, poured out the milk and refilled them with whisky, and beforo night they were sold or given away. At 7 o'clock next'morning, an employe of the livery stable called in find asked: ' Have you any cocoanuts?' • Ycs/u few.' ' I want to buy ten to send Is my brolher, in the country.' Ho had scarcely gono when'a woman canto in and said she was hungry for cocomut pio, and sho look- six of tlio nuts along. Then ahoy came and bought four,'and before 3 o'clock that afternoon tho entire lot luvd dis appeared. The only purchaser who^ rottirnod was a coloured hotel waitor, who" liung around < for a.spell, and tilon elldl 'Dry Aain'Uilii, :But ihilk in'do cokemut I bought!'.'«H0ti but milk, you rascal!'' roared tho gVocer "nf you imagioo that Nature is going to grow, ? nut. liko that for five cents and All n korosmo oil to boob?' - Free Press,' 