MR. JUSTICE HIGINBOTHAM ON SCIENCE AND BELIGION. By An Eclectic. It was to many of us a matter of great in terest when we were informed that Mr. Justice Iiiginbotham had undertaken to deliver a lecture on the relations of modern science with the Christian churches. We knew well that we should have a discourse which—whatever it might lie in other respects—would hear the impress of a free, large individuality, and the stamp of a strong ana lofty character. Speaking for myself, I may say that I looked on to the address with far more interest as a revelation of a hitherto little known side of a remarkable man, than as a contribution to the philosophy of the subject. The subject is one on which it is so-difficult to say much that is pro fitable, so easy to say much that is very unprofitable. We have—many of us—read whole shelves of literature on this subject during the last few years, and but few of us think that we have derived mnch towards the clarifying of our thought, the settlement of our difficulties, the disen tangling of our perplexities, out of it all. I was not sanguine enough to hope to gain much in this direction from the discourse of Mr. Justice Higinbotham. To me the most interesting element in that discourse was not theBubject, but the speaker. The highest and most interesting study of mankind iB not science, or religion, or their relations to each other—matters in regard to which it is easy to lose all pointB of reckoning, and to ■drift into intellectual chaos—it is man; and this becomes doubly interesting when the specimen studied is one possessing such ; diverse gifts and such a naif faculty of self revelation as Mr. Higinbotham. And it seems to me that we could not receive a more interesting picture of a large, strong mind, in full and energetic activity, trying to grapple a subject which ever eludes its grasp, exhibit ing- all the might and skill of a trained gladiator in a struggle with a phantom, than was' afforded to the mental vision by an attentive'perUffolof that discourse. \- dieatiabyit^hder should lihih'k that I unduly depreciate tfoesubstahtial value of Mr. Higin botham's' lectureas a 'guide to the inteuec tufdly petpiieVed? toe briefly recapitulate what sfemtofausits essential poihte. Nothing; ICObbeivejCOUld'be more .impressive than the piotureffrawn1 biytheabeakejf present > uoaiiionof the chmclme1 towards the active' fhnnpfrt of the day. 'Thfe cbtarches aire, ac-' irhrto tfris description; fights which nave igbtob'igttidetfwiich 'fio longer erfcr*vho nttdfe^lffititoerekndtio " J'_. it to'be certainly true th^^beint&ltote; ofvthe'g^tmkjoriitypf u^enat^thifldaylief ^ «pg; the ln obreand _ __ ylntheir _ ie, '4M»^ito' tte dntelIeotual Kdigfodstnrth sriff of momloblb iitiiiir" ll'hrrti thlTTTf'f'*1^ fcuy conscious wurpoaeat*]], thtraeem to aim at resolving < rmUman into a matter of sentiment decorated JtHrwrt, All thie " waning influence " of the clergy has not come from any moral defect on their part, or from any want of zeal and activity. Laymen on their side exhibit a great and growing interest in the discussion of the highest and largest questions of morals and religion. And yet, between the two there is an ever-deepening, ever-widening chasm. " The chaos of creeds and the babel of strong tongues in the Christian churches leave us,'' said the lecturer, "ignorant and untaught,'' and his audience at the Scots' Church warmly applauded the assertion. There is in several forms "irreconcilable variance between modern science and the doctrine of the Christian churches." The churches still attempt "pertinaciously to force upon the clergy and the laity, dogmas which, as some of you, I doubt not, know from bitter per sonal experience, are revolting and odious to the natural conscience and to the under standing of manand again the audience expressed by cheers their agreement with the speaker. All this has comeabout from the fact that the churches have always " been the most dangerous and insidious enemies of the religion of Christ" As a remedy for all this, inasmuch as it is hopeless to look for reform from the churches, it is necessary for laymen to take matters into their own hands, and to "com bine to cast out from their own minds and from the Christian churches the spectres of old and now discredited fallacies." Were that done we should have "God revealed anew to the intellect, and also to the responsive human heart, as the Father, the Friend, the Guide, and the Support of our race, and of every member of it, in the simple but profound philosophy, and also in the sub limest life of Jesus of Nazareth, the Light of the World." I think this is a fair though very brief abstract of a remarkable intellectual per formance. The polemic against the churches was a tine piece of oratory, full of the force and the fire and the m rirtda of Mr. Higin botham in the days when his oratory was a dominant power in our community. The picture of die perplexities of modern thought between, on one side, the aggressive, growing might of scientific philosophy to which it shrinks from committing itself, and the in fluences of religion, which are in some mys terious way losing all application to our diffi culties, and all power against the dangers by which we are threatened, was graphic, vigorous, and withal profoundly pathetic. It was full of deep human feeling, and was an adequate expression of the forlorn desolation in which the intellect of the time finds itself wandering, astray, estranged, despondent, but resolute—whatever comes—not to return to its starting point, lint if we look at it not as oratory, but as thought and philosophy— and what other mental phase is there from which we can to any purpose discuss the re lations of science and religion save that of philosophy; what other arbitrator is there which we can call hi ?—then 1 think that it is wholly deficient in the *' light and leading" which, as the speaker admitted, is our real want at the present time. The root of the whole evil, Mr. Higin botham tells us, is in the churches. This diagnosis has a tendency to remind the reader of the youthful ethical philosophy of Shelley in Queen Mab, where he triumphantly solved the problem of the existence of evil by ascribing it to kings and priests. The churches, but what are the churches and what are the "hostile creeds" which share with the churches the blame for what has occurred? What are they all but mere ex pressions of the mind of man brought face to face with the riddle of existence ? Mr. Higinbotham thinks that bencficial consequences would result it the com pulsory subscription by the clergy "of all creeds, articles, and standards" were abolished. Perhaps they might But surely the old questions would remain, though we had suppressed the guesses offered as answers to them. What drove men to reli- | gion was not the need of discovering a rule ' of life. It was the craving instinct which sought answers to the problems suggested by a fearful sense of mystery in an inexplicable world. Would not this continue to haunt the mind of mankind, though all the churches of Christendom and elsewhere had concurred in declaring that the questions admitted of no answer, and that it was folly to demand any? Coleridge, in a passage in which he dis cusses the attempt of the most richly- gifted of English bishops to solve the mystery of sin, observes'" This most eloquent treatise may be compared to a statue of Janus, with the one face, which we must suppose fronting the Calvinistic tenet, entire and fresh, as from the master's hand; beaming with life and force, witty scorn on the lip, and a brow at once bright and weighty with satisfying reason:—the other, looking toward the ' something to he put in its place,' maimed, featureless, and weather-beaten into an almost visionary confusion and indistinct ness." I cannot tell the thought of the reader, but to me it seems that Coleridge has in this sentence by anticipation graphi cally described the lecture of Mr. Justice Higinbotham. I have tried to do justice to the power and affluence of eloquence with which he described the existing state of intellectual and spiritual anarchy visible throughout Christendom as the resnlt of the teachings of the churches for nearly 2,000 years. But when we turn to consider , the remedy he proposes, we can hardly escape a sense of the absurd in view of its strange inadequacy and impracticability. - Surely the union which he suggests, of clergy and lay men, willing to discard creeds and articles, and to accept the central religious principles of Christianity as he formulates them, would hut form one church the more, and add another to the "hostile creeds" already in existence. What would its creedlessness be but a creed in another shape? The proposal is only intelligible save on the assumption which it seems to involve, that every really jreasonable and Bincere person would at once accept the new faith and join the new church. But this assumption is entertained by the founder- of every - new church and the promulgator of every new faith; We can, many of us remember- the: insurmount able difficulty which - Mr.- Higinbotham: used to experience . ' in trying to under stand how any man could fail in poli tical matters to take the same' view as he took- He seems to have the same difficulty in the sphere of theology. Cardinal : Newman,once reasoning with a similar frame of mind, observed—" Be large minded enough'' believe that men may reaaon and feel very > diffently from yourselves. How is it that whten left to themselves, 'fall into such various forms of religion; except that there' are various types of mind among them, very distinct from' each other?" Fancy the sad. smile with which-the great, subtle minded Oratorian would listen to Mr. Higinbotham's _ „ of all religious om/andforbarmbmsing religion with' —CLby putting down churches .and abo- • jfoeds. : Merging his personality in Ithe existenceof his antique historic church,' and speaking in her name, he might, like the Pope's Legate in Browning's Soul's Tragedy, who had "seen twenty-four leaders of re volts," calmly say, " I have seen many founders of new churches before to-uay. To whom could Mr. lliginboihuin 1:0 more confidently for support in his scheme for getting rid of all theological difficulties than to other men sharing his strong religious feeling, conscious of the same confusion, and desirous of finding a remedy? Surely among them, if anywhere, the new church which is to he no church, with its creed, which is no creed, would find sympathy and perhaps disciples, or even apostles. Let us suppose that he carried his scheme to Mr. Matthew Arnold. That able thinker, the delicacy and refinement of whose intellectual processes contrast so strikingly with the straight blunt methods of Mr. Higinbotham, has also con tended that we must reconsider our religious beliefs, and unhesitatingly cast away all which cannot be verified. And in the attempt to carry out this principle, which is at any rate a scientific, not a merely arbitrary one, as Mr. Higinbotham's seems to be, he finds it necessary to cast overboard a good deal which Mr. liiginbotham says we could keep. After testing one by one the articles of religious faith, and rejecting all that would not stand the ordeal, Mr. Arnold finds only one left. That is a great and pregnant one—it is, he holds, sufficient for all the moral and intellectual guidance ot lite. It is, as he formulates it, the principle that there is in the government of the world a power which makes for righteousness. This is a religious creed reduced to its lowest tortus. Many would regard it as but the ghost of a departed creed. But how would Mr. Higiubotbaui and Mr. Arnold settle their outstanding differences? Mould they not represent two hostile churches, two warring creeds, and would not the whole vast problem, with all its atteudant difficul ties and perplexities, exist between those two nearly-related thinkers in as ample mea sure as it does now in the world at large ? _ How wholly Mr. Higinbotham has studied his subject from the outside rather than the inside is shown by the circumstance that he seems never to have asked himself how it is that we have such a multiplicity of opinions on religious matters as compared with other objects of inquiry. Had he done so, surely he would have seen the answer to be that this condition is inherent in the nature of a subject lying in the twilight region between the known and the unknown, a region in which shadow is mistaken for substance, and substance for shadow, and which presents a different aspect to the eye of every visitor. Had he calmly asked him self how it is that these differences of opinion not only characterise the " churches," but are exhibited in all thinking free souls who devote themselves to the attempt to read the insoluble riddle of life, he would probably have seen reason to doubt-the efficacy of his short and easy mode of reconciliation. Had he asked how it is that where such earnest seekers after truth as Mr. Matthew Arnold, the late Mr. \V. R. Greg, Canon Farrar, the late Mr. Maurice, our own Mr. Charles Strong, and Mr. Higinbotham himself—hut why should we not extend the list, and include the late Mr. Mill, Dr. Tyndall, and Mr. Huxley, and even a high-souled Mussulman like, say, Abd-el-Kader, or a great religious reformer iikethe Hindoo teacher Keshub Chunder Sen ? —each has his own answer, more or less imper fect. he would have seen how hopeless it would be to acquiesce in the impromptu creed which he offers them as sufficient for all practical purposes. What, indeed, have practical purposes to do with this mutter? The practical euds of life are seen to be secured under all creeds; they are seen to he secured without any creed at all. On the other hand, what is the ground for this demand for an unattainable uniformity of lielief ? Experience has shown that in reli gious matters uniformity has been the con comitant of stagnation and apathy, and that earnest independent activity of thought has always brought the diversity of result which so shocks the mind and vexes the soul of our brilliant lecturer. I come back to my starting point. I have, with great interest and sympathy, studied a strong confident mind grappling resolutely with a world-wide, world-deep problem. Mr. : Higinbotham, viewing the matter rather | as politician tuan as philosopher, and looking down on religion and science from the elevated standpoint of a practical reformer, suggests a ready way of sinking all their differences by drafting a sudden creed, which only has to he accepted to compose all disputes and reconcile all dissensions. The spectacle illustrates at once the com prehensiveness and die limitations, the strength and the weakness of the lecturer, and certainly does not lessen our respect for his intellectual power or his moral .weight And earnestness. But it throws no new light on the subject, supplies no guidance, suggests no remedy, save one which breaks down in the stating, but only presents the problem, and leaves us with it face to face as we were before. 