RING THE liELLS HEA VEX. OF BY OONAJL® CAMERON. Ring the bells of Heaven; there is joy to-day For a soul returning from the wild : See the Father meets him out upon the way, Welcoming his weary child ! Glory ! glory ! how the angels sing 1 Glory ! glory 1 how the loud harps ring ! 'Tis the ransomed army like a mighty sea, Pealing forth the anthem of the free! The psychological history of Archie M'Dougall has always appeared to me intensely interesting, for it must have been that of many a settler in Australia—the working of new conditions and a new code of morals upon the soul of a roan brought up in the narrowest of Puritan faiths, that of the Free Church of Scotland, with its terrible creed of future punishment, derived in my opinion from the dark and dreadful religions of Scandinavia, whose gloomy forests and sterile wastes impart to those who live in them their own stern and terrible character. To men so educated life lias terrors that never enter into the souls of people born in the south, where the moral code is more lax, and religion as beneficent as nature, th6 offspring of the warmth and the sunshine, glowing with love and color. That which the southerner will commit without a thought of evil or a dream of retribution is, to the man who has been reared in the stern creeds of the north, a terrible sin to be expiated in a hereafter which even the imagination of Italian Dante or English Milton failed to conceive. To men like Archie M'Dougall the falling away from a state of grace is of all terrors the greatest, and the idea that the unpardonable sin which shuts them out for ever from Heaven is one that haunts them like the shadow of death all their lives. Their fight against the new conditions of life, the novel code of morals that exists in Australia; their relapses, their repentance, their agonies would form a theme for the noblest pens, full as it is of that mighty strain of tragedy which has had its best expression in the great works of the Grecian tragic poets who wrot«- of the various awful episodes in the house of Atrews. I have often myself thought of taking up this great subject, and endeavoring to analyze the workings of such a spirit, but the magnitude of the task has made mc hesitate. The episode in the lie pf this remarkable man which this sketch endeavors to pourtray, though it was the turning point in his strange life, cannot do justice to the subject, for its limits are necessarily too circumscribed. Archie M'Dougall came out to Australia when quite a lad, but be had become thoroughly imbued with the puritanical religion of his parents and the land in which he was born. Opposed to this religion was the man's whole nature, which wbb essentially southern. He was excitable, easily led, and fond of every pleasure. He had inherited from hiB father a temperament and a predisposition that were found to be fatal to his peace. His father had been what he afterwards turned out, a wayward soul, at times ultra Puritanical, then relapsing into a state of mortal sin ; too often a slave of whisky. As it was with his father so with Archie; periods of excess were followed by a rigid walk of life and abject repent-** ance. Year by year his self-control grew less, and his only escape from the terrors of sober reflection was the whisky bottle. .. There ~ were times when, I with a mighty effort he would emit off the tempter, aad tkrm w«aM follow aontki af a lift aieetie to a riHifldoM degree—the sequel to which was a wilder borot of excess than before, until at last the num grew to think that he was lost, that God had forsaken him, that he had committed the unpardonable sin against the Holy Ghost. A Btate of mind more terrible than this the greatest tragic poet has never conceived. Tragic poets have confined themselves to the mere passing sorrows of this earth, but what are these to the horrors that are the lot of a man to whom the world to come is not a shadow but a greater reality than this transitory existence. Archie had a vivid imagination, sndit was supplemented by his excesses in liquor, until at last he imagined he saw the fiend himself, and was actually on conversational terms with him. Ordinary people, phlegmatic Englishmen and women, ~ disposed of Archie's eccentricities, his habits of talking to himself and combating foes invisible to other eyes, but more real to him than flesli and blood, by setting him down as "half cracked." This is the way the unimaginative work-a-dav people of the world dispose of everything and everyone they do not understand, and a very ready method, too. Archie had mnrried shortly after his master's death. His love, like everything else in connection with him, was wild and fervent. He courted a neighboring farmer's daughter, and while the heat of his passion lasted lie invested her with a thousand attributes to whieh poor Flora Fenton had not the slightest title. She was simply a quiet kindly little woman, with fair ideas of her duty, and a good knowledge of the work of a farmer's wife, no more. It did not take much time to disenchant Archie. Six months after he was married he had discovered his wife to be quite commonplace, and his old temptations recurred and were as irrisistible as ever. So, in a moment of bitter repentance he sold out his old selection near the town and took up a new one, twenty miles away. Here he would be far from temptation, and be able to rear his family according to his ideas. It was a strange andlonely place, yet picturesque in the greatest degree. A great range of porphyry and granite rose abruptly from a silver stream fringed with pines (called swamp oaks.) A little gully that took its rise near the summit of the range between the granite and the porphyry created a lovely valley embosomed in the hills. It was here he placed his homestead. The valley and the frontage to the stream he selected, the mountains he took up under pre-emptive lease. He had thus the command of some six or seven thousand acres, and was able to keep about two thousand sheep, which were amply sufficient to support the family. To a man of quiet tastes, of contented mind, Oban Vale would have been a paradise—to Archie it became an Inferno. His neighbor, John Williams, a stolid Englishman, had settled in a similar valley on the other side of the mountain, and helived there an idyllic life, rearing a family of happy children, improving his holding till it became a model homestead, and himself and his wife becoming the very pictures of health and comfort. John bad no imagination and no violent passions; he had that singular power of selfgovernment which is so happy a feature of English character ; he had no very strong perception of metaphysical sin ; and so he lived happy and contented, and died without dread e>i the hereafter, more from lack of feeling and perception than that his life and walk had been according to the gospels. Indeed the good man seldom read anything, not even the Bible, and he was more interested on hi deathbed in giving instructions about the mains :uient of the sheep and farm than the concerns < if i,is soul. " I can't see," said John Wilson on his deathbed, " that I've done anything wrong. I've paid my way, done my duty as far as I could, and if I have'nt been exactly right always I am sure the Good Shepherd will overlook it." This man was the very anthithesis of Archie, whose mental perceptions were of the keenest, and who lived to a great extent within himself. No man saw his course clearer; no man was less able to follow that course. Archie had three children. His eldest, a son, partook somewhat of his own nature, bat he inherited sufficient of his mother's calm, practical English mind to counterbalance it But there was enough of the father in him to make him resent the tyranny of Archie when in his puritanical moods, and his brutality when under the influence of the evil spirit, alcohol. When Archie was doing wrong he became frantic, and because he could not punish himself he was brutal and cruel to those he loved best. He knew he was doing wrong, his heart often bled as he did it, and yet he persevered, as if defying the power which he so dreaded. At fourteen Willie ran away from home, and with him the light died out of Oban Vale. It broke his mother's heart, for motherlike all her love was centred on her only son. From that day the breach between herself and her husband was too wide to be bridged. She loved him no longer; his presence was to her a distress; and the woman who had always been so indulgent and good-tempered became fretful and impatient, and often bandied words, contemptuous on her part, with her husband. He soon saw this, and it was another fillip to throw him into the arms of the enemy. People who knew them began to speak of Oban Vale with a shudder, and many predicted the end would be murder and suicide. Archie had two daughters, Annie and Katie. No two sisters could be more unlike. Annie had much of her father's volatility and changeablenesB; she was light of mind and gay of manner; thoughtless to a serious extent, and very fond of pleasure, though she had few means to obtain it. Yet, under the circumstances, she could have grown up into a pleasant, light-hearted, companionable woman. The gloom of her home was fraught to her with woeful consequences. Make home bright and cheerful, parents ; make it a refuge to which son and daughter will look; and your grey hairs will go down to the grave with honour, and without bitter sorrow. But of all the family Katie, the youngest, "Wee Katie," so she was called, was the most remarkable. Years have passed by since that strange • little face, in which sJione a pair of deep, mysterious, pathetic, blue eyes, was turned up to mine, but never can I forget its weird influence, the touching pathos of the unfathomable eyes, that told of early care and sorrow. She was very email, a mere mite. I first met her on the Oban Range. I was looking for orchids, and other rare plants to be found among the granite boulders of those desolate mountains, and had just spied a monstrosity in the flower world, with livid I purple blossoms resembling the bead of a | serpent, when ft fairy form stepped (ram behind a root and plncked the treasure. When she saw me, she did not appear a bit afraid; but looked enquiringly at me with those great blue eyes of hers. This in itself was unusual, for bush children develop the instinct of all wild young animals, to hide when a stranger appears. I have seen them scramble from the fields into the hut, like so many rabbits into a waren, the moment I appeared in sight. But this little woman was quite fearless, and gave me her hand, so small and thin and frail, without a tremor. She sat with me on a log, and told me in an artless way, a strange mingling of woman and child, about all her favorite nooks in the mountains, the cool caves under the granite where the delicate ferns grew, the southern slopes where the quandongs were to be found, the spots where the best native cherries abounded, and the little dells, which, at the right season, were scarlet with the wild raspberry. She rattled on and spoke, in her way, learnedly of the spring and summer flowers, and showed a keen knowledge of native fauna and flora. Nor did she forget to tell me, the dear little thing, that her mother had taught her to read, and that she had read the " Pilgrim's Progress" and " Robinson Crusoe," " only," she added," da's not allowed to see 'Robinson Crusoe,' for he'd burn it. You know," she gossipped on, "da's very kind sometimes, but at other times he's awful—that's when he says the Devil's in him—and he beats us all, and turns us out of the house. We've had to sleep under a rock several times. It's not bad in summer, but oh! in winter, when the cold winds blow up from the creek, and the sleet and the snow falls, or the frost comes, it makes us all cry. Oh ! I wish the Devil was dead, the ugly thing." The cloud soon passed from her face, and she broke out into delightful praise of the happy days that occasionally came, when Archie was in a good humor, when the sun shone, and the birds sang, and the flowers bloomed. " But here, I've been yabbering," she said suddenly — the vulgar phrase Beemed so piquant from her little lips—" and I've forgot all about Long Legs and Hoppy." I wondered to whom she referred, but I was not long to remain ignorant, for on - her giving two or three whistles—how odd the accomplishment seemed in this spiritual creature—a tame wallaby popped from behind the rocks, and hopping up to Katie, laid its pretty head in her lap. Presently a ragged cockatoo waddled round another rock, hopping occasionally, and keeping a ceaseless chatter of odd phrases, varied by a shriek and an elevation of the crest, when alarmed. In a few minutes cocky was perched on Katie's shoulder, talking to her in a cooing manner, and now and then letting out a " scrawk " and raising itB crest when 1 made a movement, while Long Legs, as the wallaby was called, browsed peacefully in front of us. "You know," chatted the little fairy, now evidently serenely happy, "its so nice when father's right and the Devil's away. Have you ever seen the Devil?" I told her I had not, nor desired to. "I wish I could," said the girl; "I'd tell him how happy we'd be if he'd keep away. Would'nt he be happier himself? But it's said in Revelations the archangel is to bind him for a thousand years—I wish that time was come. We're all so miserable when he comes. Long legs can run away but Hoppy and I can't. Poor Hoppy, the last time da was bad he threw hpr in the fire." "Fire, il.o., murder!" shrieked the cockatoo, with a final "scrawk" of terror. "But I forgot to tell you," resumed Katie, "that we've never been real happy Bince brother Willie runned. away. He couldn't stand father Only I, knew he was going. But I'll soon see him, sir. He promised to come for me as soon as he'll have made a lot of money, and then he'll take me to Sydney where I'll live like a lady, and be happy always. The Devil does not live there; he only stops up here in the bush, in the wild places." Poor child! The Devil lives in the large cities, only people are too familiar and friendly with him there to take notice. "But Willie won't forget me," resumed Katie. "He promised to sci.J me a music box with the first money he earns, one like what Bessie Williams has—you've just to wind it up and it'll play and play so nice. I'll bring it up here and sit in my cave and Long Legs and Hoppy and I will dance and sing to it; and Oh 1 we will be happy." Ever since that meeting I was deeply interested in this sweetest of all children. Archie loved her passionately, but, when the evil spirit was upon him, it was the child he loved that suffered most. Strange anomaly ; yet, every man of experience must confess its truth. Poor child, the dark days of her life were closing round her. Archie's mind was really being unhinged from drinking so much, and brooding upon imaginary wrongs. He blamed everyone but himself, though in truth, he vainly attempted to conceal it, it was his rage with himself that exasperated him. Poor Katie's music box proved to be the cause of terrible events. It arrived when Archie was in town, and great was the delight of the little family, who were always happy when he was away—this he knew, and it roused him to madness. It was a lovely summer night, the moon was at the full, and flooded the beautiful valley with silver light and pleasant shadow; the wind Bang through the swamp oaks that fringed the pellucid stream, a strain, sad, yet sweet. The little family were gathered in the verandah, looking ont into the garden, which was the pride of poor Flora, and listening to the sweet tinkle of the fairy music, over which Annie vent into raptures, while Katie said nothing, but thought, and thought—oh, such delightfully sad thoughts. To Flora, that music recalled the short summer of her youth, the moonlight evenings when Archie and herself had wandered over the old farm. All was gone now! Long Legs jun.'ped about, at a loss to understand what it was all about. Hoppy was silent, but, wide awake. Whether he was studying the tunes so as to reproduce them, or, was attempting to solve the problem of what was inside the box, has never been determined. Poor bird; he never saw another sunrise. The peaceful scene was disturbed by a loud discordant laugh, and the little party became dumb when they saw the husband and father in the midst. He had relapsed; the Demon had him in his clutches. There was an insane light in his eyes that terrified his wife and children. Long legs knew the sound and leaped over the fence, preferring the risk of being killed by dingoes to remaining there. Hoppy gave a shriek and tumbled from Katie's shoulder on to the floor, to scuttle off to a place of safety. The demoniac saw this, he noticed the horror and alarm on every face, the repulsion on the faces of Annie and his wife, and the passions ot hell were let loose in his heart. With a bound he sprang forward, and seizing the poor bird wrung its neck and threw the body into the garden. A feeble kick or two and Hoppy was no more. " You're all happy," roared the man, " when I'm away. You hate me. And I hate you. I'll make you happy." It is not pleasant to describe scenes of injustice or violence, the deeds of a madman, of an unhappy being in the terrible state in which Archie M'Dougall was. Annie, who was very cowardly, fled at the first alarm, and remained all night in a cave on the mountain. But the " little woman " did not. Though her heart was wrung when her pet was killed she uttered not a sound for fear of aggravating him to do what he would, she knew,BO terribly repent. Her mother was not so wise. The poor woman's life was so wretched, all the light had now died out of it, that she waB perfectly reckless. She opened out upon her husband, and told him what, unhappily, he knew too well. Her words, echoes of the accusing spirit within himself, stung him to a stage of madness he had never reached. With a furious blow of his foot he sent the muBic box purchased with Willie's first savings as a present to his dearly- beloved sister into the garden; but it kept on playing, emblem of patient virtue that returns good for evil. It was playing a tune that was torture to the ears of this apostate, " Ring the bells of Heaven." That was one of Katie's favorite hymns, and Willie had purchased the box because it performed that air. The maddened man seized an axe, and was about to split the box into pieces, when Flora seized his arm. The moonlight faded into the steel gray of dawn, which in its turn yielded to the flood of gold of the sunrise. The golden light shone into Archie's house that morning upon a scene terribly different to that his declining rays had lighted. Then they irradiated the happy faces of a little group intently listening to the musical box, every face full of quiet happiness, the scene peacefully sylvan. Now the sun lit up the little sitting room ai-d a dying woman, beside whom knelt a child young in years but old in sorrow. In another room the sunbeams fell upon-.a man in the lethargic sleep of extreme drunkenness —a mere lump of animated clay—without sense or feeling. In the garden the light fell upon the corpse of the little birdi the muBic box close beside it. All me 1 how many such a scene the sun has shone upon in this our young country, where everyone should-be so happy. Annie returned later in the day, and the two girls tenderly nursed the dying mother. Annie was for saddling the horse and going at once to the town for help, but Flora M'Dougall would not hear of it. She knew she was dying, and that if a doctor came Archie would be in danger of the law; and so with that strange perversity of woman that is so heroic and yet so incomprehensible, she resolved to die in silence to secure his safety. She would not have her children carry a dreadful stain with them into life. What her thoughts were as she lay in that bare room, dying, no one can tell; they were bitter enough assuredly. In the afternoon a wild haggard face, looked in for a moment, and the girls shuddered. Then it vanished and Archie fled to the darkest glens of the mountains, there to expiate his sin with agonies that no pen can describe, to plead hopelessly with a God, whose face was veiled from him—as he thought for ever and ever—and to combat' a Fiend, present with him, as he thought, in all the terrors of Jiis ghostly form. Archie returned next day, a wan, wasted, ghastly figure, that would have almost answered his own ideas of the Evil Spirit which tormented him. He looked through the window to the room. There was the corpse of his wife, lying on the sofa, stiff and stark, but with a strangely placid face, a face the expression of which was relief and resignation. Annie was sobbing in a corner. Katie had drawn a little tabic near the corpse and upon this she had placed the musical box, which was now playing. The little girl was on her knees singing; he could see the tears glistening in her eyes, and she sang with a voice broken with sobs. And this is what she sang:— Home at last on heavenly mountains, Heard the " Come and enter in; " Saved by life's fair flowing fountains, Saved from earthly taint and sin., Home sweet home, our home JOT ever, "Weary pilgrimages past. Welcomed home to wander never. Saved through Jesus—Home at last! Annie tried to follow her sister; but when the chorus came her voice failed. On the contrary Katie's voice became stronger, and there was a tone of hope and trust in it,?aa she sang Home sweet home, our home for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcome home to wander never, Saved through Jesus—"Home at last!" The clear bird like voice of the child was raised as in a cry of triumph when she sang the last three words. Hell surely could have no torment equal to what the man felt as he heard and saw all this. He had heard his children Bing that hymn in happier hours; he could not stand it any longer. He rushed into the room wildly and, seizing a case of razors from the mantle, took out one and stood over the dead body. See what you have done, ha, ha," he said, addressing that Familiar who was ever present to his eyes. "Oh you've come, have you? Ha! Hal You've come to see your work, have you, Well, it will be the last time. She has gone where you nor I can ever come. I will go with you. I have done enough. Tour hell cannot be worse than this." And with a frantic movement he grasped the razor. Another moment and he would have drawn it across his throat, but that a small cold hand was laid on his and a strange music was heard—The air had changed. "Father," said wee Katie, "father, stop, stop; hear what the little box says:— its a voice from heaven!" He listened, bis face changed, the razor fell from his hands, the Demon vanished, and the man sank upon the ground, Bobbing pitifully. And what did the box play? And wee Katie, standing between her father and the dead body of her mother, followed the notes with her clear bird-voice, which harmonised so well with the harp like music of the instrument and sang the hymn the erring man had himself, when the good spirit had possession, taught her :— Bing the bells of Heaven ! There is joy to-day, For a soul returning from the wild ; See ! the Father meets him out upon the way, Welcoming his weary wandering child. Glory! glory ! how the angels sing! Glory 1 glory I how the loud harps ring I T'is the ransomed army like a mighty sea, Pealing forth the anthem of the free ! In that hour perhaps the wretched man had a glimpse, transitory it is true, of the brighter side of religion, of that portion which hag nothing to do with the stern faith o! the Nerth, born aI the region of the dismal pine and the everlasting enow. But he had yet to go through the fire, there was to be another sacrifice before the son rose upon his soul, before Balder the Beautifal banished the infernal Deities of the North. Flora was buried in a little nook between two granite boulders on a small hill that looked down upon the homestead. Archie, now deeply penitent, suffering as few men suffer, fenced in the plot of ground; it was the cemetcry of his family. In his spare time he worked upon a flag of granite, which was to act as headstone. Wee Katie was ever at her mother's grave. She dug up the ground herself—it was loose as granite soils always are—and planted every flower that grew in the little garden. Common flowers enough they were, but consecrated by the love and devotion of the dearest of daughters. With her own hands she dug up a young cherry tree, loveliest of the Australian pine-foliaged trees,- and transplanted it, placing it at the foot of her mother's grave. And strange to say—for the cherry tree seldom strikes when removed—the plant grew, and is now a handsomepine-shaped tree, in whoseleaves the red berries gleam in the season, and the little birds chirp. It waves over not only Flora, —but—of that hereafter. And under her hands that spot become a bower of beauty, blooming with flowers at all times, and, what was greater, consecrated by the behest of love. It was some time after this sad occurence that I paid another visit to Oban Range. At the same place where I had seen wee Katie previously, I came across her. She was sitting on a mossgrown rock, looking at a small silver rill of water that came out of a ferncovered gully, and fell over a gray granite ledge. Orchids and ferns beautified the moss carpeted bank. By her side was the musical box, tinkling out its melodies, to which now and then the girl sang. At my approach Hoppy, who had returned home a few days after the tragedy, ran to its mistress' side. She looked up to me as fearlessly and frankly as ever, and now entered into a chat. " Poor mother was always weak," she said, a deep shadow coming upon her face, and she died a little while back. Oh, sir, she's got such a pretty grave, and the little cherry tree I planted is growing so well. They say cherry trees won't transplant, but mother was so good it couldn't but grow, and Willie did not forget me, sir,—this is what he promised." " Are you happy now ?" I asked; " is your father good?" She did not reply for a minute or two. I saw the shadow deeper on her face. "We are a little happy," she replied at last with a sigh. "Father is very strict. He prays day and night, and hardly eates anything. He is afraid of God. I am not afraid of God. Do you think it is right to be ?" "If we do wrong," I replied; but if we repent we are taught He will forgive, and then we should be happy." " But he never is," said wee Katie, " And, oh, sir, he has repented, but he seems to see no pardon or help. I can't make it out. I can see nothing in the world but light and love, except when Satan is about. It's him that brings the rain, and the clouds, and the cold winds, and the frost and the snow. Oh, I wish there was no Satan. Why was h created? " Wiser men than I have been unable to answer that question. But I explained to Katie that the phenomena she pointed out as the wrong of the Power of Evil proceeded from a beneficent God and were necessary to the maintenance of the beauty of the world. Her face brightened "I believe you," she said, "and now I think if clouds, and rain, and thunder, and snow, and frost, are needed to make the world beautilful, perhaps sorrow and pain, and and even sin, are needed to make us good. Oh, God is wise, and we musn't repine. Only, I wish He could see another way." Oh, hur many a human heart has echoed that wisa since the world began, since men became as gods, and knew good and evil! There was a singular depth of thought in this girl.that surprised me. Continually by herself, without playmates of her own age, called upon to assume responsibilities before her time, she was a strange contrast to other children. What was mo?t striking was the great depth of her religious feelings, and their peculiar characteristics. Her father saw nothing in religion except fear and trembling, and threatenings of thn judgment to come. She perceived nothing but a God, who was her Father—better than her earthly parent indeed—and a Saviour who was a loving Elder Brother, and who had died for her to prove his love. Sin and its shadows she knew not. I know there are' those who will scoff at the religion of one so young; who will say that it would vanish when she grew up, and had to fight the hard and cruel world. Perhaps so ! But that does not alter the deep love and respect I entertained for the artless child. God in his wisdom ordained so fair a flower was not to be gathered by rough human hands. She could no more be transplanted into the garden of this world than can the small white flowers, that grow on Alpine heights, be reared in the trim pastures of the lowlands, where the moist, hot, corrupt air strangles them. I left her, singing to the air " Ring the bells of Heaven," of which she seemed very fond, perhaps because it had arrested her father's suicidal hand, and she augured from its words that one day God would be reconciled with him, and he would join the ransomed. I never saw her again, and the picture I looked upon before I turned round the r-ock that hid her from my view* will never leave my memory until I am dust and ashes. The beautiful child sitting on the gray lichen covered rock, the flower starred moss carpet on which her feet rested, the tiny silver waterfall, supplying a light basa to the treble of the girl and the instrument, the blue sky overhead, flecked with fleecy clouds, the kangaroo with its gentle eyes looking up into its mistress's face, the hoary granite rock— all combined to form a picture such as could only have been witnessed in Australia, and then but rarely indeed. Not long after this the clouds gathered round Oban, never to be lifted in this world. For months after his wife's death Archie lived the life of a recluse, practising every mode of self-punishment. The sternest ascetic would have envied him. He worked hard, he prayed for forgiveness day and night, he inflicted upon himself every penance he could think. After all there is little difference between the churches. The grim and austere Puritan is closely relate 1 to the flagellant and the penitent of the Church of Rome. But do what he could the cloud never lifted; Heaven never opened to his eyes ; it was all darkness. The fact is the man outraged his own nature; he went about his work the wrong way. The result was that a terrible despair took possession of him —that despair Bunyan hasBO graphically described in his narrative of the Man in the Iron Cage—and the gloom of his mind deepened until the day could not be distant when he would take his own life, or once more resort to the treacherous fiend that buoys us up for a moment to cast us lower the next—the bottle. In Archie's case intoxicating liquor was not taken because he loved it, but that it became a necessity—anything, anything to get rid of the hideous despair nature and his ideas of religion and life had created. The cause—another offspring of his misguided efforts at religion—was not long wanting. Archie and his daughter Annie had never been able, as the colonial phrase goes, to " hit it." Their natures were too much unlike for that. She was just what he himself had been at her age. He would have no laughter, no music, no company. With him it must always be groaning and prayers and sad looks. Now Annie wanted exactly the reverse. Therefore, to escape the intolerable gloom of her home, she proposed when the old man who shepherded for them left, to look after the sheep herself, and Archie agreed. Now John Wilson's eldest son shepherded his father's flock, and of course the two met, and a new world opened for the flighty hairbrained girl. Love was born into her world, and in all the thrilling fever of its delights she forgot the shadows of her borne, where indeed she was only at night, and to escape its gloom iht always retired early, oa Ch plea of being tired. The romance of that love belongs not to this story. It'6 end may well be imagined. What must happen when a boy and girl at the most impressionable period of their lives are in company day after day without a soul to guide or warn them ? There could be but one result, and it came. Flora had died in August, when spring was fluttering its feeble wings, and the wattles made the hillsides golden with its glory. The year wore on and Christmas came round. Shearing had taken place, and for a week three rough men had stopped at Oban Vale to help Archie to clip the sheep. They had flirted in their way with Annie, wondered %t the old housewife, Wee Katie, and her strange father. One of them, when spreeing at the Shearer's Arms down the river, said, " That Annie M'Dougall's a pretty girl and up to lots of fun, but no one can make out little Katie. When she wasn't at housework she'd take that musical box of hers up to her mother's grave and sing to it, just as if the dead woman could hear. As for Archie M'Dougall, there's no doubt he's cracked. But it all comes of religion; thank goodness. I never was that way myself." Shearing over, the old life went on. Annie shepherded the flock, Archie worked like & demon, trying to get rid of the despair that was killing him, but talking as ever to the Unseen Companion that seemed to be continually urging him to do something terrible; and Katie did the housework. And a notable little housewife she was, though she had little to work upon. Archie was as parsimonious in his fits of religion as he was prodigal when the Companion claimed him. This made his religion as distasteful to Annie as his gloom." Well, Christmas came. The previous one had not been very bright; but then the mother had been with them, and the father had been in the good-natured stage, which culminated at New Year in the appearance of the Companion. But this Christmas Katie thought she would try to brighten up the place, and see if she could not wean her father to look upon the world as she did, to think of God as she thought—what better season ? So she cleaned the little house until everything shone again, and she brought down from the granite gorges on Christmas eve afternoon, the most green and graceful of the ferns, the prettiest flowers. She went up to the ranges and obtained a branch of the cherry tree thrbugh whose orange green foliage the dark, red berries showed temptingly, and these she hung up in the corners, and at the door. Indeed it was so pretty a place when she had finished, that one could hardly recognise it. She spread the table daintily, and had quite a lot of delicacies, among which was a quandong pie, a luxury that no epicure will despise. And so she waited for her sister and father. Annie was shepherding, and Archie had gone to the neighboring township to buy some things. The little girl was not without sinkings of the heart as she sat in the verandah waiting. Her father had seemed unusually stern when he went away that morning, and she had noticed that for weeks Annie had been despondent. Willie, too, had never written as he promised. And Katie herself had, since the winter, been weak and e ailing. But the brave little girl never lost heart. She believed firmly in her elder brother, and that all would be well yet. Annie was the first to come home. Katie helped her to yard the flock, but could get no words from her sister, who was still moping and despondent. The two girls sat on the verandah, Annie with her face in her hands, and swaying to and fro. The sun set behind the range in all the glory of the primary colors and their combinations, from gold to crimson, from crimson to purple, and then to all the shades of blue that ended in the cold gray of twilight, relieved only by what Katie called the lamps of Heaven, the silvery stars. What a type a sunset is of our carecr of the various episodes of human life! First comes the gold of promise, of hope, then the red and purple of fulfilment, dying, even dying, into the cold grays, lifeless, "and colorless. Surely in the Land to which we hasten, the gold, and the crimson, and the purple, never fade 1 But, if the sun had vanished, leaving behind him only the drabs and the grays, soon there appeared a greater and sweeter glow iu the east; and the moon, the eternal Queen ol Night, glided over the Pinnacle mountain, and filled the world with light and shadow. Year by year she rises the same, but she has never lost her charms, for poets have sung as fervidly about her in this century aa did Sappho in Lesbos. To Katie, the moon's rising was an ever living delight. It was to her like the gentle life following the career of glare and greatness' in the world of which <=ie had read, but knew nothing. The Land of Beulah surely was lit by the rays of themoon. So when the gracious luminary appeared, shaming the " dip" that sputtered in the " parlor." Katie brought ont her little musicbox, and set it playing in the hope it would arouse Annie. It did. The wretched girl bum into a flood of bitter tears. Her dream wa« - over; she had tasted the sweets, and was now to gnaw the bitter 1 ' The gallop of a horse sounded in their ears. Their hearts sank; they knew well there father had gone wrong. When sober he never galloped, Annie clasped Katie hysterically. " Save me, Katie," she cried; " he will kill me. Save me, little sister! Save me 1" And she clung to Katie as if the pour frail thing had power over that dark masterful man. Strangeit was" that everyone believed in Katie. Archie dismounted, and flung the'. reins upon his horse. But he did not at once cofiie in. He took off the saddlebags, the chink of \ which told the girls their worst enemy bad come. Katie caught a glimpse of her dread father's face in the moonlight. "Fly, Annie, fly," she whispered,; Go to the oldjeave. I'll run up and see you tonight." Annie, like all weak natures, always trusted to a stronger. With a bound she was out of - the garden, while Archie was taking ttie. saddle off, and flying for dear life up to the \ range. Not an instant to soon. The next moment Archie's heavy tread was on the - verandah. "Where is that wretoh?" fle asked the trembling Katie. " Annie," replied Katie, came home, but she ran away when she saw you coming. She seemed in great trouble." "She has saved me a crime" said Arohie, speaking not to Katie, but to that Companion who seemed to be ever near him. " You are only Ha ! ha !" . , „ . w And with a laugh that froze Katie s blood, he took the saddle bags inside atod threw them on the table, disarranging its neat display, and breaking some of the scanty crockery. Then he took out a hlack bottle, and, sitting down, began a solitary carouse. The liitle girl sat in the deep shadow in the verandah. She had moved out of the light, for she had no more right there. Knedingin the corner she poured out prayer after prayer to the Father and Brother to come to that miserable home in her dire need. The musical box had run down, and there was no sound except the chuckling and laughter and mad talk talk of Archie, the clinking of his glass, the hoot of the mopoke, the wail of the cmlew, and the distant yelp of the dingo. So began that dismal night, the forerunner of many more. The girl at last stole out into the moonlight and walked to her mother's , grave, where she sobbed and wept herself to sleep. Bu< Arohie took no notice. He conversed with that awful Companion, who was to him more real than the beings of this world. Such was wee Katie's Christmas Eve 1 . _ The history of the few next days may be passed over, for the reader will not care to : hear the details; they are best left ontold. We must pass on to the final trophe, not, however, without some < ation of the causes that led up to events. Archie had gone to the little townshii_ r the river, and thfere had met John Wilson. We have given our idea of this man's chareoter before. & was not a bad man, but asMntially' acUUh. Arohie and he had hardly 81UIX COLD HAND WAB LAIS 09 HIS AlfD A ITK1H0I 1TOBI9 WAS HXABD. 1 met, when he bluntly told him the truth in regard to his eldest son Steve and Annie. Steve had confessed to his father, and on the latter refusing to sanction a marriage of two such people, he had run away—John knew not where, nor, said lie, did be care. The fact is John wanted his son to marry the daughter of a neighbouring settler who was well in. Archie's rage was terrible. Never had a stigma rested upon hie family until now. It eeemed his Companion had prepared tins in order to nerve him to the terrible deed that be daily suggested. And he went home to do that deed. I approach now scenes of an extraordinary and supernatural character, narrated as they were told me by the chief, and I must premise I offer no explanation. Whether, as the materialists will hold, Archie's visions were the offspring of a naturally morbid mind, the morbidity of which was intensified by the delirium that follows excess, or they were really visitations from the Dread and Unseen Land, I cannot say. But to Archie they were real. Christmas Day opened with a fearful conflict of the elements. Clouds black as Erebus shut out the Bun, lightnings lit up the gloomy panorama, and terrific thunders reverberated from peak to peak, and the rain came down in a deluge. Archie awoke to laugh and gesticulate and drink. Katie, ill and feverish, was to look after the house, and to make preparations to go out with the sheep. She had gone up to the cave during the night and left provisions with Annie, who talked of walking to a distant place, to which she thought Steve, her still dear Steve, had gone. Six days passed: sit days of storm and tain, during which poor Katie herded the flock and tended her father. What the brave little soul suffered during that I will not distress the reader by relating. Annie had gone off to the town, and she was left alone in this awful solitude with her half-mad father. But throughout that fiery trial there stood by her One who never fails those who trust in Him. But on New Year's Eve she came home, kow she knew not, tottering, worn out, and lay down on her couch, never to rise again. Not a drop was wanting to fill the cup of her sorrows. Her father had been working at the musical box, and it would not give forth a note. And as she lay 011 her couch, faint and dazed, she saw that lie looked at her in a manner that was more like that of a fiend than & man. But nature was exhausted, and she sank into a heavy sleep, the precursor of that to which there is no waking. Archie sat and drank, and became more insane every hour. He knuw the terubl. hour was approaching, when all would be over, and he gloated over it. The rain had cleared away, and as the evening wore on the moon rose, and her light streamed into the room, touching lovingly the fevered face of the little girl, almost too beautiful for earth. The man's candle had gone out. He looked at his daughter and shook his bead. Opposite to him sat the Companion. He could not tell what he was like; his face changed so often. Sometimes it appeared that of a youth, but on whose fair face was every maik of sin and crime. Again it was a dark and grim countenance, that of a man in the jjritne of his evil days. But occasionally it was the face of death, a grimy skull, from the eyesockets ol which came a livid blue ilame, that made the light turn pale. But in all phases it was horrible; too horrible for even the imagination of a Blake or a Dore. Not unfrequently it assumed a likeness to that of some of Archie's companions in sin—dead now and damned ; and then it was more tmible than ever. These Archie would address, and he would receive replies, heard by none but himself, but none the less real. The Companion pointed to the bedroom and Archie obeyed. For a time he could not sleep. To HP surprise, the Companion vanished and was not to be seen. This dreadfully alarmed him ; the perspirationbrokeoutupenhim in streams. The silence and darkness, and loneliness was terrible. At last he fell into a troubled slumber, such as alone visit men in his state. It did not last Ion;;. He woke feeling an unutterable horror, woke to see a foini at his bedside such as we should pray never to see. The form of one from the grave, loathsome beyond words, clothed in a shroud of purple flame, all the passions of the realm of pain graven upon its dread features. Then the man knew his hour was come; that at last he was to receive his reward and to be numbered with those who are lost for ever ! " Come," said the Form in a voice that seemed to come millions of miles—deep, sepulchral, unearthly. A cold hand was laid upon his—a hand the touch of which sent through his frame the tortures of the region whence this figure came. To this day the man shows that hand, now partially paralysed with a livid weal upon its pe.hu. The figure led him to the room where wee "Kate lay struggling with the disease that was so soon to claim one of the fairest flowers of earth—a fate hastened by exposure and anguiah of the past few days. The moonbeams had crept and now illuminated the Bweet little face, now as pale as the snowflower, now flushed and pink. The little breast heaved rapidly, the breath came and went in flickers. On a little table by the conch was placed her musical box; dumb when its owner wished so much to hear its tiny but beloved voice. But there were more than the three in that room. The awestruck man now face to face with the door that his Companion had preferred, saw the place was full of companies. The dead were there crowding each other, mocking, moving, grinning, crowding around the little sleeper. Forms were there which belonged not to this earth nor to the laud of ghosts; fiends from the depths of perdition come to see the final act in the tragedy that was to give them a brother. It seemed to him the figure guided his hands to the box containing the razor, opened it, and placed the implement in his hands. Its steel blade glittered with a horrible blue in the moonlight. Then the figure spoke to him in that voice from the grave, and told him how good it was, how well designed. He would terminate in one moment his life, and that of the child he loved so dearly. The world would hear of the d ed, and his revenge be complete. To their dying day it would be a reproach to Annie and the Wilsons. And when the deed was over, all would be peace, peace for evermore, the peace and silence of the grave 1 How the ghosts and their dread comrades laughed. And yet he approached the couch. Hestooped down and looked at the thin wasted form of the child he loved so well; he examined the fair young neck. And then— " Father, father," said wee Katie, raising herself up and throwing her arms around his neck. "All is well now. I have no fear, I know you will yet be happy. The angels have been with me to-night, and mother, dear mother, has been here. And they sang to me, oh, so sweetly, better than my poor bos, my poor dumb box. Father, promise me when 1 am gone to trust in the dear God who has been so good to me, who loves you so much, and who died for you. Oh, father, he is not the awful God you think, lie is all love and forgiveness. Believe in Him, father, believe in Him, as I do ! " What sound was this? The razor dropping . on the floor, the man's knees as he knelt down by the couch. What change was this coming V Were his eyes deceiving him ? The horrible shadows of the night vanished, and in their place appeared some beautiful and gracious forma, clad in robes of light. Every moonbeam had its bright vision, beaming with heavenly love upon the wretched sinner. "Katie,Katie,"he cried; " Thereisachange. JgSa'-atone seems to have fallen out of my "t, the shadow is lifted off my soul. And But a few moments since "—here he 1—" I was in hell, in the midst of the i of the devil and damned." rod has heard me, father, that is all,'' raid the child in reply. He moved toget nearer to the couch. As he did so his foot struck against the table, it swayed, aud the little box fell on to the ground. What was the cause 1 know not; but he fall must have started the machinery, for it at onoe commenced to play, its clear, silvery notes ringing through the chamber. * There it is father," the child cried in ecstacy, " the voice from Heaven. Don't you hear it father?" Ring the 1K>11S of Heaven, there is joy to- day; For a soul returning from the wild ! See the Father meets him out upon the way, Welcoming his wear)', wandering child ! Glory ! Glory ! how the angels sing. Glory Gloryhow the loud harps ring? 'Tis the ransomed army like a mighty sea, Pealing forth the antliem of the Free! Yes! lling the Bells of Heaven! for the long darkness is over, the father has returned to life and light, the daughter is about to enter where is neither sorrow nor pain nor wearness nor tears. Ring the Bells of Heaven! Ring out the peal of the spirits born again, in this world and i;i that which is to come. People came in and stood around the bed but the father noticed them not; the repentant Annie, whose lover had met her, the dear boy Willie, who had returned with them to see his little sister. For a time she rallied, clasping the hands of her dear l«rotlier, her restored father. But when his gift came to that air which it had played the night her mother died, the Messenger appeared, the wings of the Angels nestled in the room. "She is here," said wee Katie, looking upwards, at a moonbeam that lovingly rested upon the musical box. "I hear her, I hear her. Ah I there it is "— Home, sweet home, our home for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcomed home to wander never. Saved through Jesus—Home at last. 