Daj Lilies. LADGBTEB so soon iB over,. . Summer so soon is done, •What has a lily of fragrance After its day in the sun 1 Dewy and fair in the morning, : ; Perfumed and pale at noon; Dewy and dead at sunset— A ghost by the hght of the moon. ..: :What have you .to remember? . What have I to forget? .. Laughter, jests and. trifling—liheB With dewdrops wet, One for eveiy morning—a lily Connts for a day, Days and summer and hhes, ? How quickly passed away... . Which of us was in earnest ? Which of us was m jest? When the hhes breathing fragrance • Died slowly on my breast, - Because they pleased your fancy— Because iny mood was new Do you beheve that lilies . -May leave the scent of rue ?: \- There's nothing to remember, , There's nothing to forget, Bat laughter, jeBts and trifling, . , And yet—and yet—and yet ' In all the summer's coming All lilhes under the skies, WiU brmg back to yon low laughter And the blue of a woman's eyes, I neither hurt nor healed yoa, Xou'll be no more false nor trne To me and my summer fancies, Than—I shall be to yon, - But to the end the lilies Will be of your past a part, And you'll think yon see them lying - A bloom on a woman's heart. Throughout of all our summer This is what I have won. I may chance-to he remembered When lilieB Btand in the sun, , You will forget the woman— . I shall,forget the man- But the fragrance of the lilies, Forget it if you can. But I have my little triumph— A woman's—light and vain; . And would it have paid me, tlnnk you, To have wrested.it from pain? , Grant you each word I utter ;•••• Is a trifle hght as air; . .Yet out of my little triumph There grows a little prayer. Gm other women roses, All bloom to them is free; . I—I have earned the hhes; Leave.them to me—to me. Those who jest in the morning, Should jest at set of sun; . When will end tbis jesting 1 When will the day be done ? But 1 have my little triumph— A woman's—hght and vain *, : It would have paid but poorly To have wrested it from pain, And io the end the hhes Wsil he of the past a part; Once—once an August lily Found root—in a woman's heart. i 