' CHAPTER IX. DARKEST BEtfORH DAWN. In (ho oxoitoment and gratification of Miss Talk's suoooss, I had almost forgotten tho lookot, and tho mysterious man of the raoo. courso, until I was reminded of it one day by Mrs. Moss who had oomo up to see hor friona, Mrs. Birtles. It was a hot day in March, and I was just putting on a dust ooat preparatory to going out after breakfast, whon tho Jowess aamo in. " I should like to have a few words with you before you go, if you ploass, Mr. Grant," sho said. ' "Oortainlyj.Mrs, MOBS,".I replied, return, ing to the dining-room, " You remombor that lookot? " BI19 began. " Yes." " Well, ho's boon again." " Again-whore? " "To Manuel's. That's Josephson. This time it was a watoh, a gold repeater, a roal Broguet, very old-fashioned, but oil I suoh a beauty. Set round with brilliants and a ooat of arms ongraved insido tho case. I couldn't bring it with mo, you know, beoause tho gentleman might oome in any moment to re deem it, Not that I think ho will, for his sort mostly don't. There was a diamond hoop ring, too, and a braeolot, but thoy'ro not so^ valuable. He got twenty pounds (>n the "Aro you suro it's tho aamo man?" I asked. " Oh I trust Manuol for that. lie uovor forgota a faoo, if it was ovor so." " Well, what do you want me to do?" I said. " Oorao round and soo it. Perhaps you oan make it out. I believe law gentlemen under stand coats of arms, and suoh liko. I don't, raoro don't Manuol." I promised, and oalled that very day. Mr. Josephson know mo through his sistor-in-law, and took ine into a baok office. Unlooking a safe ho took out tho watoh, whioh I saw at first Bight was a valuable, though an old fashioned one. Having some slight know ledge of tho soionoo of heraldry, I examined tho arms engraved upon it. So far as I could make out, it was, teonnloally speaking, as fol lows j-Gules, within a borauro, ongrailed or, a lion rampant of the last. Orest, a lion pas sant or, supportors, two Talbot hounds proper, oollarod Gules, Motto, "Humani nihil alenium," and surmounting tho esout oheon was an Earl's coronet. I took a note of .this, thanked him, and loft. I next procoedod to the Publio Library, consulted "Burko," and thero soon found what I wan tod, " Yes, thoro it was all oorroot. Tho ar morial achievement of tho noblo IIOUBO of Ghotwynd-Talbot, tho head of tho Gatholio houses of England, as Earl Talbot unquestion ably is. Although I oan hardly say I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly somo. what staggorcd. What connection oould poor Miss Tulk havo with Buoh a family ? Ana yot tho portrait, tho initials, tho ooronot on tho lookot, this strange man, seeing whom I felt oonvincod had been the cause of her fright, and who had seen hor, and found out her resideneo. But then again, if lie had dono so, months had gone by, ond he had mado no sign, What was this mystery ? I was deter rained to fathom it, But how ? What busi ness was it of mino ? What right had I to intorfere ? Clearly nono.. If Miss Tulk had a sooret, and chose to keep it, it was worso than impertinenoo on my part to meddle, And yet with a lawyer's instinotivo wish to ferret out things, I longod to get to tho bottom of it, Ah I tho mystery was solved, and by me, too, soonor than I anticipated. Next morning as I was proparing to leavo tho house, I was speaking to Miss Tulk at tho timd, a knock came to the door. Miss Tulk started with a vaguo^yresontimont of ovil. Joanna wont to tho door ond ontered tho room, announoing, 11 a gontleman to seo Miss Tulk. Tho visitor followod oloso at her heels, and olosing tho door as sho left it, stood with his baok to it, gazing at tho poor lady with infornal malioe, " So, madam, I have found you ?" She was as white as a ghost, and staggered,'supporting horsoH by the mantolpleoe. " Do not leavo mo, Mr. Grant," alio gasped. " Mr. Grant, or whatever tho dovil his namo is, will leave you protty soon if ho con sults his own intorost. That i'B to say, if ho don't want to ba ohuokod out of the window," ho rotorted, with a snoer. I ooftld have killed tho man. I folt that. I was aoeounted one of tho bost amateur wrest lers and boxers in Melbourne, and I had youth and stamina on my sido. Ho had neither, for although he was tall, and had onoo beon musoular, I knew too muoh about training not to see that dissipation had rondored him flabby,: and comparatively weak and short winded. I thorofore replied calmly, " As for that, this lady has requested mo to remain, and remain I shall.' So far as throwing mo out of tho window goos, I should adviso you not to try it," He moved a step forward, as if to put his throat into execution, but ho stopped, moasured mo with his oye, and thought oet tor of it. " We'll see about that later." he said. "Who is this insolont ruffian?" I asked, ignoring his remark, Ho laughod a low, fiendish laugh, and said, " Ah I just so, Who is he ? " This low, in solent ruffian is that woman's husband. Let her deny it if Bbo can. And now, sir, who are you who dares to stand between a husband and wife, and prevent their little ondearments and oonnubialities." This was Bpoken with suoh an intensity of malignity, that I almost shuddered with horror. "la this true, madam?" I osked. . " Yes-no-no," and tho words camefalter ingly-" It is not truo. That Is, I married lnm, bat-oh I I oannot toll-tho shame of it would kill mo." !! You J'Qi you hag," he said brutally. 11 .. not lis-oh I Mr. Grant, 1 do not lie* "Lie, or no lie, you foul-mouthed sooun arol," I interrupted, "you'll koop a civil tongue in your head to tnat lady in my pre sence, or I'll break every bono in your body. You threaten to throw mo out of tne window. You can't, and you know it. I throaton to kiok you into the gutter. I can, and I will. So bo oareful." "Who arc you who arc so scrupulous ? " ho asked, with a sneer; " who are you to in terfere between a woman and her loving lord and master?" .' I'll tell you if you want to know," I re turned, " I am oonnooted with the law-the oriminal law, if you know what that means. I am that much professionally. As a private individual I am man enough to proteot that lady, or any other woman I hope, from a brute." My reference to tho law was a bow drawn at a venturo, but I saw by the whitening of his lips that my arrow had pierced tho joints of his harness, . He laughed, but forcedly. " Thon if you are a lawyer," ho said, " you know that you must not meddle betwoen husband and wife." "The lady deniod it, and I believe her," I said, oalmly. He beoame doggedly furious, " The lady the lady will say anything, curse her I" " The lady will apeak tho truth, I know that of her,". I rotorted. Ho eyed mo with a curious scowl. " You know," ne said, " what do you know?-per haps she has told you. "No! No I No I On my BOUI, Edward, I hayo never breathod a whisper of my shame to a living soul. I have never mentioned your name nor your oxistenoe. As there is a God above, I have not," The poor*woman oried. - " I have hidden myself and my shame and my grief in poverty and obsourity, and hoped I Bhould never see your face again," and she burBt into a flood of tears, " Gome, this sympathetic business won't go down with me, you know," ho said; " it may go down with aomo people, but I know you, my lady, and you know me. Are you going to leave this oursed holo and oome with .mo, with your dovotod Edward?" and ho ac companied his brutal sneer with a fiendish grin. " Oh no, no, never, Leavo mo in peace, oh, for God's sake do. *T will givo you ail I have. All 1 It isn't muoh, but you shall liavo all if you will but leave mo In peace." " Yes, the wife to live in luxury while! the husband starves, Oli, I have heard of you. All about you, The talented authoress, whose latest compositions have oreated suoli a furore in musical oiroles. Well paid, too, I'm told. That's luoky, for I'm devilish hand up, just now."' " And would you rob mo of my very broad. Oh 1 Edward, you would not do that, and of tor all the ill you have wrought me ?" "No," he replied, with asardonio smilo, " we'll share it togothor-lovo." " Never, never," sho oried, rousod into fury by his last taunt. " Edward Ourtis, if that be your real name, for I know not oven that, listen to mo now. You have at lasi driven mo to bay, and I care not if I proolaim my wrongs evon in tho market place. I hatea you, I feared you, now I despise you." " Quite melo-dramatio, I declare. What a figure you will make on the stago, when I place you there, my dear Beatrix," " Doatrix 1" I had stepped forward to smite the cowardly savage to the floor. That word saved him. It was tho koy noto, tho missing link. It flashed aoross my mind liko a ray of light. Tho portrait, tho initials, B.O.T, Beatrix Ohowynd-Talbot. Great Heavens, what a rovplatlon. Sho went on in the torront of her passion. The fiery blood of tho Lords of Alton hadoomo to the front, and no mistake. " Look at that miserable ruffian, that oowardly bully," she said, "ho married me when I was a girl, a young and innocent girl. Stole mo from my father's house, and married mo. in Scotland, he did, Oaptain Edward Ourtis. A fine oaptain, oashiered for pecu lation, a rout, a gamblor, nay, Worse, a sharper. I married him, and killed ray mother, and earned my father's curse. Oh, that I had torn off tho ears that listened to his lying vows, had pluoked out tho tonguo that made tho fatal promiso. Wo wont to Baden, Hombourg, Ems, every whore where there wero pigeons to bo pluoked. God help mo," and her voioe died away in a piteous wail, "I did not know it thon. I was young and innocent. Ah mo I He robbed mo'of my last farthing. Thon ho stole, yes stole, my jewels, for I had jewels, plonty, and I took them with me whon I eloped. And all this time he had another wife alive. I learnt it afterwards, after tho poor creature was dead. I know it, but I could not prove it legally. Ho had married hor in Franco undor another namo. When I ohaigod him with it ho laughed, and dared me to do my worst. Then he, oh Heaven, I oannot spoak tho disgraceful words-he would havo Bold me to eternal Bhamo, but I fled, fled in hunger and poverty with my dying ohild, mv littlo Beatrix on my breast. I wandered, I know not whither, for I was mad after my baby died, The light had gone out of my life for over. Pooplo wero kind to the half domentod woman, and I ear ned a subsistenoo by my musioal talents. Once I met him in Munich, 1 asked him for oharity for I was hungry, and he spurned me with a curse and a blow. Than I sought refuge in the river, but I was saved from that orime on the brink, by an angol in woman form who sheltered me, and made rad up a little purse to take mo home. I wont penitent and brokon hearted to my father's houso, but he would not see mo. He sont mo money, somo money, and bade me begone. I came to* Australia to hide my shame and disgrace in another land and undor another namo. My history since that you know, Mr, Grant." "Upon my word a very pretty story, and vory effectively told, for tho stage, only it laoks one element, namely that of truth. This mad woman's Btory is a tissue of lies from beginning to ond " said Ourtis coolly, " Oap portion of it is truo at all events,'' I said, "that you took this poor lady's ^jewols, and that you have pawned them, I know." He looked at me curiously, " You know ? " ho asked. : I looked him square in tho faoo, and said firmly " Yes, I know, John Johnson." He started as if iho had been stung,'and glared at me savagely, " What the devil is tho meaning of this jugglery he oried. What do you know ? Who aro you ? " "Never mind that. Never mind what I' know. I know you. That's enough. Now do you know what boing shadowed by tho deteotives means ?" " Ho gave a long disconoerted whistle, and his jaw dropped perceptibly. " Then perhaps you know-" " I know who this lady is, and was, and what s more to the purposo I know who and what you are. Why man I saw you on the racecourse on Oup Day and who you wero with, and what yox were up to. I flaw you follow the oab to this vory house. I saw you pledge a gold repeator watch, a bracelet and and a diamond ring in Bourko Street, the other day,. There's a looket too that I know all about,. Tho arms on the watch and the coronet and initials on the looket are pretty straight cvidonco that thoy'renot yolir's at. all oventa." " But thoy were my wife's," lie said, turn ing to a siokly paleness. " Bah I don't bo absurd. Do you imaginea ' distinguished swol mobsman like you oan travel inoognito. No, no more than yon could if you were a prince, or an earl. BeJ sides, wo happen to have a few Fronoh detoo tives hero, and they're generally ifaought to ba fairly fly." This was a pretty tall game of " bluff " on my part, but every shot told. His nether lip trombled, and no said in a low voice, " What's the lay ?" " That you'll know soon enough if you don't olear out, an4 that quickly too. Would 'you " like this pretty story to bo told before a police magistrato? Ho absolutely trembled with torror. "You're a poor cowardly rascal after all.. Don't bo alarmed. You're not required just at present; but if you are we know well enough when and where to lay our bands on you, Now you oan go; but mark me now, if you dare to annoy this lady again, by word, lettor, or message, you're booked sure, and you may guess what that means. Now go. Stop ' though, hand me over those pawn tiokets for the property belonging to Lady Beatrice Ohet wynd, Talbot." He was completely cowed, and handed them over with trembling hands, and with out a word,, During this unoxpooted denouement, Miss Tulk, as I still oall her, stood gazing and lis* toning like one in a dream. The tables were , so completely turned on her persecutor that she seemed as if she could neither understand nor believe what was ocousring, But when the man she had once loved turned to slouoh away, all the pity of a great woman's heart burst forth in its tenderness. " Oh, Edward, that it should oomo to this, to this, at last. An outoast and a vagabond on th.o face of tho earth. See, bore is money. Twenty pounds, It will keep you from star ving and from temptatipn. Take it in* Heaven's name, and reform. Sco here, too, is a look of baby's hair out from her head as she lay in her little coffin in far off aormany. When you are tempted to evil, look at it and pray for help. And now go y.our way, and may God, in his infinite meroy forgive-you as-I-I-I-" ' He slouohed out without a word, oven as she spoke, and with true womanly consistency she seized my hand, kissed it gratefully, ana then foil in a dead faint on tho floor. 