ODD NOTES BY.A, 2?OU'EIULIAN. 0° 'ho .motion for the second reading of the 'Jranscontincn'al Bnilway Bill last week Bettlcd; the fate of this Parliament, ; f8 j3 £ H"? ""ppeal to the country " which, "in., plain English, means a general election. : -That ia what's the matter now, The constituencies "are to bo asked whether they toe really and truly longing and yearning rA^Wt to bo built by a syndi rate, on the ^liberal : dand-grant ..8jatem,;: as Ju. XIwraith,! Moreliead, and Perkins affirm, or whether it is a mistake that these gentlemen havo made. You may bet your bottom dollar, i gentle reader, that it is a mistake." , I havo nevpr heard or read of any populous constituency oyer - giving the tiniest little yearn for anything of the kind—not a solitary yearn. On the con trary, if any candidate has come before a largo constituency advocating the liberal land-grant railway system as.p'art' of his political" creed, lie has been compelled to take a back seat on elec tion day. Nothing has happened in the mean time to alter the opinions of the constituencies. But the Ministerial programme includes much1 more than tho Transcontinental Kailway Syndi cate. , G bore is Coolies from British. India'* and "Kings and syndicates everywhere.1' "We arc to try-to cultivate' Australian specimens of M'llwraith's : " Heroes of.'civilisation "—Jay' Gould, Yanderbilt, and Jim Bisk'; and if we "j1*??®!*# ftueensland wiU for ever aftsrbe the paradise of capitalists and plutocrats—whatever it may be for the rest of mankind. It is a most attractive picture for the daring speculator with plenty , of; money or "a good bank at his back; but a largo portion of the electors of<tlii9 colony, are. not..daring speculators, and they havo no" bank at their back, except it bo the Savings® Bank, on which they can draw, on an emergency, to theextcntof£l00or£150. On the contrary, tlicy arc plodding men with wives and families, who are straining every norvo to.get comfortable homes for themselves 'and-theirs, and ' schooling for the I and girls, and a bit of land or a few pounds I with'which, to give thorn a start in life'I when tbey are. big and old enough to set up for themselves. People of this class would stand no chance whatever against land- | grant railway syndicates, sugar planting syndi cates, mercantile syndicates, Indian coolies, and that sort of thing—hot a ghost of a chance. They;,.would be- gobbled] up in crowds,' or tho place would be made too uncomfortable to remain m it with all these syndicates preying upon thorn, somo in one direction, and some in another. > The electors have a sorfc'of presenti ment of their fate, and therefore .MTlwwith I and, his syndicates will not find favour at the coming elections, unless I am very much mis taken; ■ i But it was a clever electioneering trick of the Premier last Tuesday to propose that Par liament pass a littlo Additional Members Bill before it dissolved. Just aone-clausc measure to* give an additional xnember each to the Mitchell Mulgrave, -Townsville, and: Fortitude Valley electorates. As Mulgrave returns tho Premier it was fair to assume that [if, allowed to elect another member it would not stultify itself by choosing an opponent of his. Tlie Mitchell, Townsville, and the Valley, if left alone, were* not' likely to return transcontinental railway syndicate members ;. but now the Premier has secured their support, so ho no doubt hopes and ,believes, by ; having thrown on tho Opposition . the onus of partially dis franchising tliera. Bcattic has for four | years' past been bringing in bills'to get an additional' member for the Valley and during tho whole of .that time Im3 been laughed at, chaffed, and bounced out of getting it passed by tho Premier and his supporters. :Morche&d;,> while;a member of the Assembly, was tho : bitterest opponent of an additional I member for the Valley that there was in the Houso; but now that ho expects' the Valley j electors* will choose him as their representative i that 'Houso, it is necessary to muko things, pleasant thoro—which his chief has done by bringing forward this littlo Additional Members Bill, and getting it rejected hy the Opposition. Neither Bcattio nor any. ; other....liberal candidate will now rtand a shadow of a chanco against Morehrnd ] in the Valley. Tho Boman Catholics, tho ! tradesmen [and shopkeepers, great and small, and all the lubourers and artisans in that I j quarter of the city who have uotyot joined t ho Blue Bibbon Army, ;are, so I am assured, already pledged to support Morehond ; and tho refusal of the Opposition to pass tho bill to give them another member has made tho latter lako the pledge over again, several times, to support nobody ,but Morohead. If the sauie, [ or a similar, offect cuu be produced at Bunda- , berg, Townsvilto, AramdO, and Blackall, that will go a good way towards winning the elections.. It ia quite clear that tho Ministry do not mean to lose if the thing can in any way be pre vented. They will not stick at trifles. Kissing I electors' babies whon their littlo nose3 have boon wiped is bidding high for votes, but this ' has already been surpassed: Tho Minister for .Lands gave a champagne lunch to his subordi nates in the Lands Office last Saturday after noon, and made a nice speech to them and drank to their good' health with a display of sentiment and ■ feeling that verged on tlio painful—before the champagne was quite finished. I am assured, on good authority, that sorno of the' junior cl»rks expected overy minute to see the Ministerial hcad'of their department fall on the necks of some of them and kiss them in proof of the intense affection :ho bore them, and after it was all oyor lie is said to liavo gone out and wept bitterly at the recollection of harsh words he had used to one or other of thfcse subordinates duringthe last four years and a half that'he'1 has been their chief. It was as much as More head could do to pacify him after adjourn ing to the nearest ■ hotel and sampling the Bodawatcr soveral, times.— his' feelings were worked up to that degree. Now this seems to be carrying electioneering to a ridiculous pitch of extravagance. To giv# tlio fellows a booso of champagne, if the liquor" was good, as no doubt it was—just to show there was no coolness, you know—was very kind of the Minister for Lands, but it places the other Ministers in a rather awkward fix, especi ally the Colonial Treasurer and the Postmaster General, as these gentlemen have such an awful crowd of officers . under them. '' Fancy the whole of the officers of the Treisury, the Customs Department, and the Inland Bevonue officers all- assembled - together and getting as much champagne as they could stow away comfortably-and poor Mr. Archer' to "stand the .racket;"; or the officers of the Post and Telegraph Departments, with ■ More - head for the •• victim !" These Ministers might alio be expected'to shed tears "at such "a gathermg- but.it would ho at the thought of the big. cheque it would require to settle the bill. For these reasons I; think.Perkins did quite as much harm as good by this, display of generosity towards his subordinate officers. It may make him popular, personally, although champagne popularity is very evanescent, but itwill be at the expense of his colleagues to a certain extent, unless they go and do likewise, which, as I before said, will involve a-serious draw on the Ministerial salary. . • - I am gravely assured by one or two of the Ministerial'I organs" that-the refusal of the Imperial Government to ratify, the annexation of New Guinea by Queensland ' has created sucha'profquhd sensation of disgust and indig nation. among the people, of this colony, that their loyalty has received a severe, if not a fatal blow.' Broad hints as to the advisableness of federation, if not separation, from the mothe1 country have been thrown out. This rather alarmed me, because • I; have no desire to severe my allegiance to the British Crown, and do not hanker after Australian federation. The idea of a federation in which Queensland will have Melbourne for a federal capital, and Graham Berry, Sir Bvyan O'Loglilin, and men .of that kidney, ruling our destinies, in addition to M'llwraith, Perkins, and Co. at this end, has no attraction for mo. Even the chance of being able to purchase "Vic torian made slop goods, or other Melbourne manufactures, at something lois than I now pay for the Queensland made article inthe same line, is not a temptation to me. I have a fixed idea that the longer we Queenslaudors can put off Australian federation the belter it will bo for us. Feeling this way, I have been looking anxiously round for manifestations of this popular indigvation'and disgust at not allowing this cofony to annex Mew Guinea— and I cannot trace a vestige of it anywhere out side the columns of the newspapers referred to above. If such feeling really exist, the people of til's colony have a way- of disguising their sentiments nnd repressing their emotions to which the reticence and dissimulation of the Turk, the Hindoo, or the Heathen Chinee is "not a circumstance," as tlio Americans ssy. And yet up to the present time the people of this colony have not beon noted for traits of character,of this kind. On the contrary, they havomndeno effort to disguise their feelings and sentiments on public questions 011 which.they felt and thought strongly. There has been no public meeting, no manifestation of any kind, nor at tempt at it. to show the public anxiety to possess New Guinea. I spoke to seviral of my friends about it, I have written to others, and the answers I get all amount to this—that so long as tho Imperial Government tabes stops to pre vent any othor power 'from annexing New Guinea, Queensland is a jollv sight better with out it than with it. " Them's my sentiments." Kxi'okt or Sugar.—From-.a memo., fur nished us by tho Collector of Customs, wo I earn that the following quo-tities of sugar wore exported from this colony from July 8, 1882, to July 6, 18S3:—From the 8th July, 1882, to tho 15th Juno, 6,285. tons." From the lGtli Juno to tho 6th July, 1883 : From Bris bane, 100 tous; Maryborough, 40 tons j and Bundaberg,. 104 tons. , Total, 5,529 tons. Tho ship" George Roper and the steamer Blackboy are still on tho reef. There is no: change in their position. 