THE POSTMAN’S STORY. “ As I was saying, it was Valentine’s day, 1872\. My routo was from Seventh to Twelfth on Spruce street. The locality was a good deal more fashionable then than now, and some very high-toned folks lived there. We won’t mention no names nor give no numbers, but the particular young lady I’m going to tell you about lived just above Tenth street. I had a pretty big load and was not in the best of temper with my work, but when a beautiful young lady opened the door her self in her eagerness to get the large envelope which was addressed to her, and smiled her thanks at me, I felt a dillerent man. Nor did I feel the worse after the hot cup of coffee which a servant had ready for me, as instructed by the young lady, for it was a bitter raw morning and the bullet wound in the shoulder, which I got at the second battle of Bull Run, was twitching very bad. Now a postman can’t help noticing his letters a bit. Every body hasn’t got a letter box to drop ’em in— of course, I nm referring to routes of private houses—and you are often kept waiting a half minute or so at the door. Tlio things I’ve read on postal cards arc a caution I can tell you. A postman learns n good deal acciden tally about other people’s affairs—but to come back to the young lady. " I took an interest in her from that 14th day of February, and generally glanced at her envelopes. She got a good mnny, but nearly all were in ladies’ handwriting; letters from girl friends and invitations to balls and recep tions and such like, I guess. The exceptions were letters in a bold, masoulino handwriting, all written by the samo man ; there was no I doubt about that. At first I brought them once a week, and then, after a little while, ' every day, and sometimes twice a day. She often took them in herself, and I always felt happy for the rest of the day. Her bright smile sort of went through me. Onoo or twico I received a letter from her to post to him, I was sure, not that sho told me so, but I could toll it was by the way she blushed when sho handed them to mo. I looked at the address and name. It was a broker on Third street. On the Juno following tho Valentine’s Day tho family went away, and did not return from out of town until October, hut I did not see tho young lady, nor did I have any letters for her. ‘Hasn't sho re turned yet?' I asked tho colored waiter. ‘Oh, no, sho won’t be hero till Christmas. Sho i< now on the “continong" with her hus band. They were married at Newport in August.’ ‘Oh,’ says I. And I thought no more of .the matter ; events had taken their natural course by ending in marriage, as all properly regulated love- letters'ought to do. " Sho came back with her husband at Christmas,7 and began housekeeping in tho same square as hoi; family, so I delivered her letters. Sho saw mo on New Year’s Day, and did not forget,me, cither. What she gave me was sufficient; to buyhny, wife awarm cloak for of shoes for tho baby. The newly-married couple had a heap of letters of all sorts kinds nnd descriptions. Invitations in any number for both of them, and plenty of female cor respondence for her. He seemed to get let ters from all parts of the world, between them_ they had "more than the rest of the square" put together. There seemed to be some change by April. The envelopes of tho letters had tho names of store-keepers on them; and doubtlcsji contained bills. The following month similar letters came very thickly in deed, and so did letters with the names of lawyers on the upper right hand corner of the envelopes. He seemed to be always at liemcj for he olten came to the door himself and took I ho letters from me, as if anxious for the ser vants not to see them. A good-looking man ho was, with a proud manner and a dissipated “ ' We are going away to-morrow,' said tho colored servant one morning, ns I handed him tho ordinary batch. " ‘ Out of town ? ’ I asked. “ ‘ Out of dis town, I guess,’ ho replied, with a grin. ‘ The sheriff’s officers are in tho house.’ " When I was delivering tho letters tho next day, a hack drove up to the door, and I lingered a moment out of curiosity. Tho lady came down leaning on her husband's arm, looking so miserable and altered I hardly recognised her. Sho muBt have noticed tho expression on my face for sho nodded to me and smiled', but such a ghost of a smile 1 A few days afterward tho things in the house were sold by auction, and now people came to live there; and soon, amid the many thoughts of life, I forgot all about tho young lady. “ It was in the summer of 1877, when I got put on a route in Germantown. I was not very well, and thought the country walking would do me good, so I changed routes, with the permission of tho postmaster, with a com rade who worked, as I said, in Germantown. Sorting out my letters, ns I served one of tho pretty, leafy avenues, I came across one ad dressed to tho old familiar name, Mrs.-, and in the husband’s handwriting. The postmark was Colorado; so he was away; that was evident. She was sitting on the porch of a-pretty little cottage, with a child in her arms. It was easy to see sho was no longer^ich. Tho d/esses of herself and child ( nnd the smallness nnd dirtiness of the Irish servant maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, denoted the fact at a glance; but she did not look .unhappy, and she knew me at “ Why, postman, she exclaimed, “ is it pos sible it can be you ? ’ “‘Yes, ma’am,’ I says, ‘it is; thanking you kindly for remembering me, and hero is one of his letters for you.’ “ Sho took it from me with the old eager ness, and as she turned to go into tho house I noticed her pressing it to her lips. He didn’t write very often to her—overy two or three weeks, not more, wliilo sometimes much longer intervals elapsed. It used to make mo quite miserable when I noticed her pleading face ns I passed morning after morning with out anything for her. “ ‘ You are quite sure you have not got one, postman’ ”, she would ask. “ Quite sure, ma’am. Tho Western mail is late to-day—not delivered till to- morrow,” was my faltering excuse. “Christmas Day urrived, and I had not delivered a letter from tho husband since the middle of October. Sho no longer came to the door now. The little servant girl told mo her mistress was nearly always ill. At last I brought a letter from Colorado—on the last day of tho year; and then I delivered one regularly once or twico a week, until Febru ary. The lady began to come to the door again, looking something like her former bright self. " Tho 14th of February—Valentine’s Day —came round, and I had a Colorado letter for the lady; but it was not in tho husband’s handwriting. She came to the door. “‘Here is a valentine, ma’am,’ says I, cheerily. ‘ I hope it will make you as happy as the one I delivered to you in Spruce street about five years ago.’ ” " Thank you, ‘ postman,’ ” sho replied, ‘ and I have got a hot cup of coffee for “ ‘ She took the letter, eyed it curiously, and opened it with trembling fingers. I was watching her while sipping my coflee—a glance at tho contents, nnd she fell back life less. Tho little Irish girl came up immedia tely, and between us we carried the lady into tho parlour, nnd laid her on the sofa. Then I took up my mail bag, for of course I could not wait, and continued my delivery. A few houses away lived a doctor, and I told his servant there was a sick lady who required medical aid. I had no letters for the cottago the next morning, but the little servant rushed out to tell me tho lady was dyingyand the letter from Colorado was from a police ■ justice, saying tho husbaud had run nway with a woman to Australia, taking with him a large sum of money he had stolen from his employers. The letter also said it was sup posed, where he was working, that the woman, who was his companion, was married to him, until a search among the defaulter’s papers disclosed the existence of a wife iu Philadelphia. Before the week had closed, there was a bow of crape on tho cottage door, and the doctor’s certificate said, ‘ Died of a broken heart.’ Have you got a match about you, sir ; my pipe has gone out,” and the postman trudged off homeward with his mate, the letter-sorter. A MONSTER TIME-PIECE. The large clock at the English Houses of X’arliaraent is the largest one in the world. The four dials in the clock are 22 feet in diameter. Every half- minute the minute hand moves nearly 7 inches. The clock will go eight days and a half, and will only strike for seven and a half, thus indicating any negleot in winding it up. The winding-up of the striking apparatus takes two hours. The pendulum is 15 feet long; the wheels are cast iron ; the liour-bell is 8 feet high, and 9 feet in diameter, weighing nearly 15 tons, and the hammer alone weighs moro than 400 pounds. The olock strikes the quarter-hours, and by its striking the short-hand reporters regulate their labours. At every strike a now reporter takes the place of the old one, whilo the first retires to write out the notes that he has taken during the previous 15 minutes. 