,ECHOES OF M' ELBOURNE, [BY Tie U GosT.] Oct. 20. The poet's averment that " the course of true love ne'er runs smnooth" is ill a large degreoo applicable to the week's proceedings in the Legislature. In the Council, where the second reading of the Mining on Private Property Bill was agreed to without a division, one of the' most important provisions of the measuro was excised ie Committee, and it is now doubtful whether, unless the Upper House recants, the Government will not abandon the bill or hand it over to Mr. Cuthbert, the mover of the amendment, to be dealt with. In the Assembly, too, business has been sadly interrupted by MIr. Gaunson, who is suffering from "stonewall" on the brain, in a most viru lent form. Yet, despite three little co.n tretempn, a fair amount of work has bran done. The Railway Management Bill, which at one tinme threatened to become a bone of contention betweeo the two chambers, has bchcn passed, bot'i Houses making wise concessions, and the COstoms Laws Consolidation Bill lihas also become law. During their two sittings the Council also advanced one or two minor matters a stage, and cleared the notice paper. In the Assembly, the useless opposition notwithstanding, fair progress has beecn made, and when the Post-ofice and Water Conservation Bills have been dealt with, and the Local Government Act talked out, there is nothing to prevent Mr. Service from bringing in the Appropriation Bill, and allowing the chosen guides, philosophers 'and "friends of the people," to depart in peace for a long recess, and allow weary gallery men to be at rest. The approach of the annual Victorian carnival is evidenced by the number .of strange faces to be seen in the streets of Melbourne. "Young men from the country" are to be met with at every turn, and the displays in the shop windows are the coatres of attraction of groups of young ladies, the cut of whose garments unmistakably stamps them as unaccustomed frequenters of "the block." In a fortnight's time lodgings will be at a premium in Melbourne, and a "shake down" on a billiard table be estimated a sybarite couch. If things go on at the present rate there will ore long be very few eeoular news papers .in Victoria. Not satisfied with writing in the journals devoted to the furtherance of their several "isms," the p..rsous are fast monopolising the lending columns of the daily Press. Were they to work as amateurs there would not be much cause for complaint.. But it is rather rough on professional Pressmen to be jostled in the field of literature by tho:o who, if they dPd tlMir work pro. porly, would only labour in the vineyard of the Lord. The Melbourne Presbytery have held their adjourned meeting during the week, and after a shot t debate, during which fewer sharp personalities than generally clharactoriseo the meetings of this reverend body were indulged in, re mitted the further consideration of the case of Mr. Strong and the Scots Church to ties General Assembly. In all proba bility tihe "delinquent" will not " be there to see" the upshot of the affair. Hie will have sailed for Ihomoe, perhaps a wiser, but certainly a richer mnan, by the two thousand guineas his friends have subscribed. Mr. Bent could, were he so disposed, give an autobiograplhicaltskotchl illustrat ing how rapidly fortune's wheel revolves. A iyear ago he was the beat abused indi vidual in the comnmunity. Ti Kensing toen Hill "job," as his detractors styled it, had covered him with eternal obloquy. All sorts of old stories of his doings when rate collector for Brighton were raked eup to hlis detriment. Now he is to be feted previous to Iris departure on his trip to India, and to be presented with a service of plate 1 So wage the world I The woolsgrowers have commenced to reap .their harvest, the firat sale of the season having beeoon held at Messrs. Goldsbrough's store on Wednesday after nooee. From present appearances their prospects look quite as rosy as those of the farmers. The clip is an unusually heavy one, and most asatlsfactory prices were realised. l umerous foreign buyers were present, and the biddings through. out were most spirited. As many persons at. first surmised, the sensational tale of tihe gross immorality prevailing in the State schools of the colony, and more especially in those inll tie country districts, turns out to be a mnuch exaggerated story. The Rev. D. T. Hamer is evidently one of those "nice neil with a nasty mind" ready to land a willing ear to scandals affecting the morality of this wicked world. The statements made by the reverend gentle. mane are not, after all, of the very sonse. tional nature some persons feared and others hoped they would prove. After all, Mr. Hamer's evidence turns out to be based on mere hearsay, and like the well. known yarn of the three black crows, to have grown in the tolling. In Victoria boys will be boys, acid girls develop femi nine propensities, just as in other parts of the world; and when overgrown hobble- de.hoys and "sweet reventeon" foregather the natural consequence is a flirtation - more or less innocent, according to circumstances. There is, however, to be "a searching investi. gation," when no doubt something piquant will be dished up for the doleo tation of the quid nuners. If anything very highly spiced is expected, there will, however, be disappointment. Thorumours are for the greater part the echoes of former stories of scholastic impropriety for whiclh the delinquents, whso'e duty it is to "teach the young idea how to shoot," have already been brought to book. The scandal is only a re-hashl after all. The calm that proceeds the storm reigns in theatrical matters. The storm-of novelties-will burst during OCp week. No change has taken place at any of the theatres, with the oexception of tnoI Prin cess, whero "La Bello Llelono" has elbowed out the "Gracd Duchess." Visitors are, however, makhig their presence felt, and the droess circles no seeer remain tenantless, or. filled only with people who remind you of "angels' ,visits," so " fewr and far between" are they. Thle houses where the opornatic performnlanoo are going on are the moest liberally patronised. Evidently mulsic has charms which not only "s sooethe the savage breast" but tihe pastoral sand agricultural bosom of tile strangers to our metropolis also. Everyone now-a-days is ucoro or less ..a musician. And it would be a matter for surprise were it notso, with the increased facilities for the cultivation of thie "divineo art" which modern onter. pris hlas placed at our di'posal. A new musical journal; in meontlly numbers, is nowc publisheld in London, anld meay be procured in Ifelboureno at Glen's, whlchi noet only deals withll musical hiubjects in a liopular mannier, but with each iumber gives a well- printbd original part song or anthem. The price of each nuimber amounts only to the very modorate sum of twopouce. Tbhe sarve is "hlow it can be done for the money." No excouse is now left to anyone to remain in ignorance of an art Which hlas been well atyled "the langcuagobof love." 