\KjTJoyjL sjuririiBcjí KELIM SOCIETÏ. Tho monthly committee mediar of tho National Ship- wreck Kollof äodoty of Now South Walo* wa« held vesicrday afteroooo, iu the Exchumte, thoro facing* present Captain Hixson, U.K. (cbafrmun), Captain Broomlleld, Mettra. J. II. Storey and C. II. Hayes, «nd Mr. A. T. Wiltshire (secretary). Tho minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Tho treasurer reported tim credit bunk bilanoo to be £Cä 10s. 6J. : und the collectors reported thai tho sum of £121 :is. 7d., from ell sources, including special receipts, hod been collected since tho lost meeting. A letter of thanks was revel vrd from Mrs. Mann, widow of the Ute Captain il ann, of ibu s.s. New England, aekimwlwljrfyg tho receipt of a donation of £327 from tko society. Tho treasurer waa authorised to Îay sums of -£10 cuqb to James Johnston, apo&scnccr;, and lobwt Hunt, a cook, on board the s.a. Nov langland at tho tluo of tho wreck; also the sum cf £7 10s.. o'd., to pay the pasnnpu of James Whit1), iinotbor t'AMrcngcr, âod his family to L>iuncrwl(m ; ulfo to l'!iy thq paisano of n Mr». Ituard:uan, tho wife of a pu I Minger who lost bia life in thc wreck, to New Zoatoud ; and Iinquirir* were o rd or gd I» W roudo by tho collector In two other rssis brought ho toro the society tn connection with Um . «me dwwtvr. Mw. 4. C. Siti.ii.ond* widow of tho «nginecr of tho s.e. Now Unbind, who died In tho hospital pr-vlous to the wrc* k of rlmt vcwel, wioîu thanking thc MCioty for itu donuliou to lur. A letter won recniwd from Mr. J. H. WilkiuAon with rcfcrencD to tba claim of Mr. I Patrick Connolly, of Dalnuiiu, upon tbe sodoty for a sold I medal. An the socMv hud nlrendy awarded und presented : to htm a silver medal it was determined to tako no further action. Arran^omeiitA wnro madii with regard to tito special ¡ uiectÍDfr, to bo hold thia afternoon, for thu presentation of ! cold medula._ j -j A very circurnubmtial ghost story ia dia turbing Ibu mind of Now York, 'l ite editor of th« Acif J VT* ffVW voucboa for tho gcxxl faith of his informant-a i profesional mun ot high repute. The lioiiac Ul which tho immlfcMatinns occur ü K new oncead ie lut out in Ilota. Tho following aro a lew occurrences et told by un ove witneM who went sceptical, but soon found that .naiothlne; moiv Ihnn oidiuary WHS up. First .if nil, them we« much 1 kmwklui; Ht tho trout door, it was watched, opou and 1 cloved, bofwo. and behind, but tho knocking still cnn;?, j the bouse. Tappings went himd on the plus of the windows: the conti of th« boarders fell down irwin tho bet- rank, oacb faJliufr t» yard upart Thu plush oovor of a round fabio standing In tho ball irracofully .floated on ' to tho iipor. A clothes-prop WM hurled . ovor < tho top of n portiere; tho walking-sticks standing in , tho bali wen» flung up in different dirootiona, and boforo tho ' .oared residents lind recovurwl. a lent ftura on oak din lo tr table waa burled through the hall for ¿ti feet, striking tho will and coming to the ground with a fearful crash. ' Another table tyok aseries of somersaults. Such violont goings-on lud such H bad offset upon some of tho family thut' thov- bfgrtu to thiuk. ul retiring, when a frightful shriek echoed throughout tho whole dwulli/ii*, piercing, and flvidootly uomtna; from uo human throat, followed by " soft Insinuating'-' whistle*, ls the owning "It" tried a fow notes in arpeguiu, and waa successful Cu hooping timo and luau with tho plano. Tho tone of the whisilo was some- times that of n fog-horn: st other timos, «nandi apr Ilka tho " blowing in the neck of a bottle." All tbf* fa said tob**' "plain, truthful atatoiuent of facta." suburunUared by fire witnesses. Bevies of polîcamou have searched In vain, and a'curious Kngliah detective baa bean ba ill ed. - . \ 8r. KILO* ESTÂT». Congre Bay, Uooave Bar. Salo an the ground at 3 p.m., tc-:moncr, in business aaa resldunca sitci, opp'osltu Reid's' Cootie Bay Motel, and elate to tho ocean pro- menade, at tho tram term In BS. Flans ready. Free paves and rtfrouincaU. Hardie andCormsa. aueuoueeis.-fAnn,] 