S. ?oRDAY, JAN. 2?, 1883. THE GOVERNMENT. > WE are sorry to' see the leading journal turn around on'i the present government. '. Nodoubt Sir Bryan and his colleagues are to a certain extent to blame, in not attempting to -float the loan sooner, but it tmust be.: e membered that they should be "charged with a very small modicumniof blhme in this niatteri:~eing thlt' it was tlie'p positin .that hampered and tlitarted ,the presnt: government, n'idil igigt ifter night' =delayed the business of the country -by -bogus -motions anid loing speeches, which might be more properly designated tirades of ibuse.' The . question arises: "jwhat benefit is the country .to gai-n"by-a change just now ? Are we to;go back to Berryisni and the flaming house a'nd broken head policy. The Ball aa'g.itd;" in a recent issiue fairly' 'deals With the matter, and we caniiot do betteif'tlan quote. a portion of the article referred to :-" If the friends of Sir 'Bryan O'Loghlen are tired of him,: its appears to be the case, we are quite suretthat he must be ,heartily tired of his friends. He has eaten any quantity ofhninmble pie to keep them in good humnor, hel has put up with affronts which must: have made him writhe whilst he sub uitted, and he, has:followed:; advice which he iIust' have 'seen'to be bad and which.Jhas ended in disastrous failure. They now turn upon hinm and desire to. make him- responsible for what they 'advised. '-With their usual ingratitude and characteristic meaness,ithey;tell him that-he.is noi fit to be trustedw?ithl the. business of the colony,; quietly setting aside the well-knownfact, that what he did they suggested and thatithe bhinders' .iic;ich he has made were of their concocting. Theie 'must :be a cleni sweep. We must be rid alike of those who are inefficient and of those who wish to- be a power behind the throne, who "claini, to make tlheiliip~ets 'dance, and-whose sliort'ighited self- sufliciency is the chief ciuse of the failure now admitted though "visible . enough to .unbiassed, eyes long ago, and the direct ruin of, .those. who hated while they obeyed 'and despised whilst:they cringed. The change being agreed upon on all sides, the question is how shall it bie brought about 1 With the Ministry must go Mr. Francis and such following as lie may have,for they mustshiare the fate of the men whose policy they dictated, so that we shall have the old Conservative party to fall back uponi ` Tlist'party was :dead before and it is buried now. Its ghost' ill not: gibber in the House, .nor its memoiy' haunt the minds :of even those- who once sawore: eby,- its honesty and'capacity.' The old Liberal piarty is goine too, and went off like the snuffof a. candle. Mr. Berry's old conibitioin troupe of political acrobats anid iuidia-rubber brothers annot .be got:' together again, and w'ould not' e tolerated if it could. The two old parties perish together, and one epitaph will serve them both. There must perforce be a new development, but nhether it will be before or after a general electionr remains to. be seen Our belief is, that the sooner there' is, aix electibo 'the' better,, for.,the only chance of the work of the country being done lies .in :a clean- sweep being made of the old parties,the old quarrels, the old-tactics,.and .the old want of morals :Tlhe people have been diligen tly taughlit that principle is nothiing and nanagerienitevery thing.' They must now learn that management is nothing 6nld prinzciple 'everything." 