cjia pteii xxxvir. A week had passed away. It had been a time of cloudy mental weather to S within and Viviette, but only noteworthy fact about it was that what had been planned to happen therein had actually taken place. Swithin had gone from "VVelland, and would shortly go from England. She became aware of it by a note that he posted to her on his way through Warhorne. There was much evi dence of haste in the note, and something of reserve. The latter she could not understand, but. it might have been obvious enough if she had considered. On the morning of his departure he had sat on the edge of bis bed, the sunlight stream ing the early mist, the housemartins scratch ing the back of the ceiling over his head, as they scrambled out from the roof for their day's great hunting, the thrushes cracking snails on the garden stones outside with the noisiness of little smiths at work on little anvils. The sun in sending its rods of yellow lire into his room, sent, as he suddenly thought, mental illumination with ir. Por the first time, as he sat there, it had crossed his mind that Yivictte Yuight Lave reasons for this separation which he knew not of. < There might be family reasons —mysterious blood necessities which are said to rule mem bers of old musty- mansioncd families, and are unknown to other classes of society—and they may have been just now brought before her by her brother Louis, on the condition that they were religiously concealed. The idea of some family skeleton, like those he had read of in memoirs, having been un earthed by Louis, and held before her terri fied understanding as a matter which ren dered Swi thirds departure, and the neutrali sation of the marriage, 110 less indispensable to them than it was an advantage to himself, seemed a very plausible one to Swithin just now. Viviette might naturally have taken Louis into her confidence at last for the sake of his brotherly advice. Swithin knew that of her o wn heart she would never wish to get rid -of him ; hut coerced by Louis, might she not. have grown to entertain views of its ex pediency V Events made such a supposition on St. (Jleeve's part as natural as it wa3 in accurate : and conjoined with his own excite ment at the thought or seeing a new heaven overhead, influenced him to write but the briefest and most hurried final note to her, in winch he fully obeyed her sensitive re quest that he would omit all reference to his plans. These at the last moment had been modified to fall in with the winter expedition formerly mentioned, to observe the transit of Yen us at a romot-e southern station. The business being done, and himself fairly plunged into the preliminaries of an impor tant scientific pilgrimage, Swithin acquired that lightness of heart which most men feel in forsaking old love for new adventure, no matter how charming may be the girl they leave behind them. Moreover, in the present ease, the man was endowed with that school boy temperament which does not see, or at least consider with much curiosity, the effect of a given scheme upon others than himself. The bearing upon Lady Constantine of what was an undoubted predicament for any woman was forgotten in his feeling that she had done a very handsome and noble thing for him, and that he was therefore bound in honor to make the most of it. His going had resulted in anything but lightness of heart for her. Her sad fancy could, indeed, indulge in dreams of her yel low-haired laddie without that formerly besetting fear that those dreams would prompt her to actions likely to distract and hinder him. She was wretched on her own account, relieved on his. She no longer stood in the way of his advancement, and that was enough. J?or herself she could live in retirement, visit the wood, the okl camp, the column, and, like CEnone, think of the life they had led there— 3'mmiful iHuone,wandering forlorn Of Paris, onoe her playmate on the hills, leaving it entirely to hia goodness whether he would come and claim her in the future, or desert her ever. She was diverted for a time from these sad performances by a letter which reached her from Bishop Helmsdale. To sec his hand writing again on an envelope, after thinking so anxiously of making a father-confessor of him, startled her out of her equanimity. She speedily regained it, however, when she read his note. "The Palace, Melehester, 15th August, IS—. "My dear Lady Constantine — I am shocked and grieved that, in the strange dis pensation of things here below, my otter of marriage should have reached you almost simultaneously with the intelligence that your widowhood had been of several months loss duration than you, and I, and the world had supposed. I can quite understand that, viewed from any side, the news must ha%-e shaken and disturbed you, and your nil equivocal refusal to entertain any idea of a new alliance at such a moment was of course inlelligible, natural, and praiseworthy. At present I will say no more beyond expressing a hope that you will accc-pr. my assurances that I was quite ignorant or the news at rite time of writing, and a sincere desire that in due time, and as soon as yon have recovered your equanimity, 1 may be allowed to renew my proposal, -i am, niy dear Lady Can stamiiie, Yours over sincerely, " 0. Mr.LUHKSTEll," She laid the letter aside, and thought, no ! more about it beyond a momentary medita tion on the errors into which people fall in reasoning from actions to motives. Louis, who was now again with hc-r, became indue course acquainted with the contents of the letter, and was satisfied with the promising position in which matters stood all round. Lady Cons tan vine went her mournful ways as she had planned to do, her chief resort being the familiar column, where she expe rienced the unutterable melancholy of seeing tw o carpenters dismantle the dome of its felt covering, detach its ribs, and clear away the enclosure at the top, till everything stood as it had stood before Swithin. had been known to the place. The equatorial had already been packed in a box, to be in readi ness if he should send for it from abroad. The cabin, too, was in course of demolition, such having been his directions, acquiesced in by her, before he started. Yet she could not bear the idea that these struc tures, so germane to the events of their romance, should be removed as if removed for ever. Going to the men she bade them store up the materials intact, that they might be re-ereeted if desired. She had the junc tions of the timbers marked with figures, the boards numbered, and the different sets of screws tied up in independent papers for identification. She did not hear the remarks of the workmen when she had gone, to the effect that the young man would as soon think of buying a halter for himself as corae back and spy at the moon from Iting's-hill Spec-r after seeing the glories of other nations, and the gold and jewels that were found there, or she might have been more unhappy than she was. On returning from one of these walks to the column a curious circumstance occurred. It was evening, and she was coming, as usual, down through the sighing plantation, wending her way between the ramparts of the camp towards the outlet giving upon the field, when suddenly in a dusky vista among the trunks she saw, or thought she saw, a golden-haired toddling child. The child moved a step or two, and vanished behind a tree. Lady Constantine, fearing it had lost its way, went quickly to the spot, searched and called aloud. Hut no child could she perceive or hear anywhere around. She re turned to where she had stood when first beholding it, and looked in the same direc tion, but nothing reappeared. The only object at all resembling a little boy or girl was tbe upper tuft of a bunch of fern, which bad prematurely yellowed to about the color of a fair child's hair, and waved occasionally in the breeze. This, however, did not sufficiently explain the phenomenon, and she returned to enquire of the man whom she had left at work removing the last traces of Swjthin's cabin. But lie had left with her departure and the approach of night. Feeling an indescribable dread, she retraced hc-i* steps and hastened homeward, doubting if she had been mistaken, yet half believing that her imagination, must have played her some triclc that day. The tranquil mournfulness of these few days of solitude was terminated in a most un expected manner. The morning after the above-mentioned incident Lady (Jonstantine, after meditating awhile, arose with a con viction. She realised a condition of things that she had never anticipated, and for a moment the discovery so overwhelmed her that she thought she mast die outright. In her terror she said she had sown the wind to reap the ■whirlwind. Then the instinct.of self-preserva tion flamed up in her like a lire. Her altruism in subjecting her self-love to benevolence and letting Swithin go away from her, was de molished V, the nzYf necessity as if is had hec-n a gossamer web.. There was no resisting or evading the spon taneous plan of action which matured itself in her mind in live minutc-s. Where was Switliin? How could he be got at instantly ? —that was her single thought. She searched about the room for his last short note, hoping, yet doubting, that its contents were more explicit on bis intended movements than the few meagre syllables which alone she could call to mind. She could not find the letter in her room, and came downstairs to Louis as pale as a ghost. Ko looked up at. her, and with some con cern said, " What's the matter?" "I am searching everywhere for a letter-—a note from Mr. St. Cleeve! Just a few words, telling me when the Occidental sails, that he goes in." " Why do you want that unimportant docu ment?" "It is of the utmost importance that I should know whether he has actually sailed or not!" said the poor lady, in agonised tones. " Where can that letter be?" Louis knew where that letter was, for, having seen it on licr desk, he had, without reading it, torn it up, and thrown it into tha waste paper basket, thinking the less that remained to remind her of that j'oung philosopher the- better, " I destroyed St," no said. "Oh, Lou's, why did you?" she cried 111 despair, "I am going to follow him—I think it bev:'t to do so—and I want to know if he is I gorte—-and now the date is lost!" 1 u Going to run after St. Cleeve? Absurd!'1 "Yes, I am!" the said, with vehement iiraness. " 1 must 3oe him—I want to speak to him as soon as possible" " Good God, Y'iviaU.e, are you mad?" " Oh, what, was the date of that ship. Bub it cannot he helped, i stavt at once for South ampton. I have made up my mind to do it. He was going to his uncle's solicitors in the north first—then he was coming hack to Southampton. He cannot have sailed yet." " I believe he has sailed," muttered Louis, sullenly. She did not wait to argue with him, but re turned upstairs, where she rang to tell Green to he ready with the pony to drive her to Warhornc station in a quarter of an hour. 