A TRUE STORY. SOME years ago I had occasion to take a long journey to to the North-a journey which would involve my travelling all night. A few days before I had received an invitation from a friend of mine who lived at a town which I had to pass, to dine and stay the night at his bouse-it would prove a pleasant break in the monotony of the journey. I resolved, therefore to arrange matters so as to arrive at the house in time for dinner, and proceed to my destination next morning. When the day arrived I was very busy ; so, after a hurried lunch, I packed up a few necessaries and rushed off to the station, where I arrived with just a minute ¡to spare, I asked for my train which the conductor pointed out, adding, " If you don't hurry up, sir, you'll lose it. I took his advice and jumped into the uearest car the door of which stood open, and in which there was but one other occupant. I settled myself for my {'ournoy, and for the first time I had the eisure to observe my fellow-traveller. Now, I rather pride myself on being a judge of physiogomy, and my first impressions of him were the reverse of pleasant. He was He had restless grey eyes without much expression in them, while his hair and beard were of a reddish hue. He was dressed iu a long ulster, which I thought quite un- necessary, for, though it was late in the Íear, the weather was by no meanB cold, hero was on the seat beside bim a small oaken box strongly bound with brass, and his eyes were constantly glancing from this box to me in a way that I did not at all like. I begin to have visions of plots, infernal machines, and I do not know what. After regarding mc stea'dily for a few minutes, he said " Is it poBeible, sir, that YOB are not aware of this carriage being reserved for State officials!" I looked round, and seeing no indication of the fact, replied : " I am not aware of snch being the case." "Then, sir," he replied, "I muet be of you instantly to vacate it, and leave me here in solitary silence." Considering that the train was going at the rate of forty miles an hour, and would not stop until it reached a small station, half way to my destination, in about an houVB time. I could not quite see why I should comply with his request, or rather command ; and I frankly told him so, adding that I had as much right there as he had, and did not intend moving. He replied with a most solemn air, " Then your fate bc on your own head." This began to frighten me, for the man's manner convinced me that he must be insane, and the prospect of an hour's journey in a car with a madman was not calculated to raise my spirits. However, I pnt a bold face on the matter, and affected to bc entirely engrossed with my newspaper, though in reality I was watching his every movement. He suddenly seized hold of the wooden box and held it on his knee, mumbling inarticulate words, and then suddenly replaced itbeside him. In doing sn I caught a glimpse of thc butt of a pistol sticking out of his pocket. I had nothing more defensive than an umbrella, a roll of papers, which in conse- quence of their length I was compelled to carry in my hand. Presently he began again " Have you studied tho marvellous powers of electricity, may I ask ?" I replied in thc negative, "I have," said lie, "and have arrived to such a pitch of perfection that, aided by the contents of this box, I could Wow this train and everybody in it to infinite- simal atoms." "But," I hazarded, "how about your- self?" " I should calmly mount into thc air and survey the scene without the slightest fidgety, nervous sort of man. injury.', "'Howt" Mid I.. "That," be replied, "ii my business ; look to yourself." Pleasant thiel However, I made some remark which seemed to satisfy him; and he lapsed again into silence. I felt very sorry for him, in spite of my dangerous position. I then tried another tack, and made several commonplace remarks te him-to all of which he answered in monosyllables, suddenly bursting out with " Do you dare to address to mc, sir, with* out having first disolosed to me who you aro ! Your temerity surprises me." I thought it best to humour him, and handed him my card, on which was in- scribed "J. B. Smith." " Ha 11 guessed you were a Smith ; you look like one ; a blacksmith, if I may jndgo by the smut on your face." Hera he broke into a maniacal laugh, When he bad finished laughing lie said " Do you want to know who I am ?" I said I thought I might as nell know his name, if he did not mind. " Well," said he, leaning toward and peering into my eyea, keeping one band on the box, " when you first jumped into the carriage I was the Khan of Tartary ¡ j but the wonders of electricity are such that I am even now changing ; I suppose I may be anybody in a few hours, or even minutes," I suppose I looked surprised, for he went on . " Ah, you seem surprised ; but, perhaps, you will hardly believe that my temper quite depends upon whom I may happen to be. Not loug ago I was conversing with some friends, and I suddenly changed into the King of Siam, and before they oould get out of my way I bit three of their fingers off. You should have seen thom scatter. Ha, ha, ha, faa 1" "Good gracions I" I exoVaimeu, " you don't mean it ?" " Oh, yes, I do ; but don't be alarmed, I am never dangerous unless I happen to assume that character." Then he sat quiet, and I was thankful for a little peace. All at once, to my alarm, he said, quite unconcernedly "I feel it my solemn duty to inform you that I am changing, and that in a few minutes I shall bs King of Siam." Instinctively Hooked round for some means of escape, and at the same time grasped my umbrella firmly, and resolved at least to sell my fingers dearly. It wasn't worth while changing cars, as just at that moment I heard the whistle of the train announcing the approach of the next dépôt. I collected my things together near me, so as to be prepared for a hasty exit and more so as I notioed tbe feelings of bis Majesty of Siam were being worked up into a pitch of excitement, and the the way he showed his teeth would have terrified a lesa nervous man than myself. As we neared the depAt the train slackened speed and it stopped. Just as I jumped out, the maniac made a spring at me ; but I fortunately avoided him and shut the door in hiB face. I got into the next car, which was empty ; and as the conductor closed the door I called out ; " Here, I say, there is a madman ia-" But the whistle drowned tbe last o! my sentenoe, and the train moved off before I bad time to complete it. I sat still in a horrible state of nervousness, expecting I hardly knew what. At last the train stopped ot the station for which I was bound, and I jumped out. As I passed his car I could seo bim sitting there quietly; and I wont into the station master s room and told him what had hap- pened, advising him to take some means of securing him. He promised to telegraph, but said it was no business of hie, and with that assurance I had to bc content. I then went off to my friend's house, whore I arrived just in time for dinner. I suppose the traces of my fright still remained, for no sooner did I enter tho dining-room than my hoBt exclaimed " Why, what is the matter, old man ? You have not met a ghost on the road have you ?" I told him I had seen somebody a good deal worse than a ghost; and duting dinner, related my adventure, npon which they all con- gratulated me upon my narrow escape. After dinner I went off early to bed, pleading fatigue and the next day's business as my excuse. When I awoke in the morning I found ray boat ready for breakfast, and I joined him at once, as my train left in an hour's time. As I shook hands with him at tho dépôt be remarked that be should like to hoar of the man being caught. I transacted my business, and, as I had tims to spare, I turned Into the first hotel 1 came to, and walked up into the billiard room, where I met Fred Carlton, an old school fellow of mine, who waa playing billiards witt three others. He seemed surprised to see me, and asked me how I had got there. I told him I bad come down early that morning, anc I then proceeded to give him a sketch of my journey of the night before. Fred smiled, and said "Ab, yes, old man; I heard something aboutit. "You heard something?" I said, surprised " From whom 1" " Well," bo replied, " I'll tell you all aboui it, for the benefit of the comp ny. Old Harris the diamond broker, told me kit night tha he had just came down from tho city. Whoi he had taken his seat in a car at -, al alone, just as the train started, some fellov rushed in. Harris said he did not much Uki the look of the fellow, and, os he had abou 40,000 dollars' worth of diamonds with hin in a small-box, he began to feel uncomfortable He said the stranger was s strong, active man and, if it had come to a struggle for th< diamonds,. Harris would have had no chance for he evidently felt sure the man mean robbery ; so he determined to frighten fair out of the car by pretending madness, whicl he Bays ho did so effectually that the fellow in sheer fright, bolted at the first Btoppagt and left him to finish his journey alone. Bu we did not know that you wero tho hero, ol man," said Fred, as the whole four burst int sach a shoat of laughter that I never hear before. " You must stay and be introduce afresh ; he will be here to-night." I did not stop to hear anything more, rushed downstairs, thoroughly realising ths I had been made a fool ol, caught the firs train home, and have not shown myself i: that neighbourhood since. 