Notes bv the Editor. Ma Badgeey speaks! He would sooner knock down a bullock. Though lie had not time to visit Manaro, it is refreshing to hear of his hospitality to English visitors. But he will favor us. in his next march, and walk round as a howling awell. Politics, what are they or it ? Ask his proposer. We are all genuine cornstalks. If the electors seek information, let them inquire how often Mr. Bidgery has attended the House, and compare his efforts with others. Then read his speeches. Oh, ye colts. We are untried, and no mis take. Hie late election for Manaro was doc conducted on constitutional principles. Oh, dear, no. Mr. iadr gery's proposer admitted his ignor ance of politic*; his seconder is « warm admirer of ex-Treasurer %at 3onandrraeerandCo.ihis'thirder' worked up the Orange element; And now a brace want to add two initials alter their ; names, \ We thought victors were generous, but look at that littlo affair At Bwnbata after Uic election,, Politics on Manaro, bosh 1 Send up a black fellow in the next inarch round, ind put a yellow ribbon round his neck. It is astonishing in electioneering times to hso how affable electioneer ing touts are ; they shake hands with any respectable body, but torn up their noses if they nee them in a ballroom ; but the beat of the joke is, one is quite as hard on his brother touts. N.B.— Vote for ? , and go to heaven, if you be not a Sab batrian. Oh, yes.Stiggins is fond of the working ronn, but makes use of him to bo a J.P., or sails easily with big firms, even if a representative of the latter has not the ghost of a chance. Gee up, Johnny. A happy new year to you ; we pray for you. All is fair in love or war, in religion or politics. Drag them through the mire. In the election for Speaker, Mr. Bndgery lias proved himself a Gov ernment hnck. We give Mr. Bad gcry's speech in full, which was well prepared, but lie was by no means tliu principal speaker. At Gegedzerick, a lunatic who nskcd Mr. Tooth, M.P.. to pester the Government to build a lockup at Ben-id file, where there arc a store, u puuiiciiouxe, mm a private ivsiumictt, nlumborcd overtt whisky, and mum bled, ' Don't forget your chiMren and the Education Act.' He plumped lor Badgery. Yet he is not an idiot. Brcdbo will never be forgotten The Returning Officer slept it nut, but he kept the polling booth open two hours later. Advance Australia. We are cornstalks. Bcrridalo denervcs a niche in the historical pillars of Manaro. A J.P. drives a poor hlackfullow to the polling booth. Our dusky country man persists in voting despite the jirotcstt of scrutineer!!. The in telligent magistrate backs the black fellow. Budgery fellow, Badgery. A lawyer's clerk is personated. After exposure in the Press, the police proceed. Against whom ? '''he Magistrate ? No ; the blackfellow. Another native to be sacrificed for the good of his country. Strange, is it not, that we, the free and independent electors of Manaro — die bulk of us — did not give a vote on the Land question. The tide was turned by men who pray and pray. Let us kneel. Bombala and Cooma are fifty miles apart. Their interentsaro not identi cal. Yet they arc comprised in one electorate. Let us blame Sir Henry, the importer of colored printers to reduce wages. Now is the time to agitate for a member for Bombala, another for Cooma. Don't hound down Tweedie and his good-natured manager, Nell, both Protestants, . because they said plainly, ' Vote for Toohey and Tooth.' 'Three cheers for Badgery and Tooth,' cried a chairman for Mr. Toohey's meeting at its close. He made a splendid deputy returning officer at the polling booth. That was a very good shot of Mr. D. Myers, of Bombala : his' apology' for having entertained the belief that politics have anything to do with the election oF members of Parliament on Manaro. By the bye, Mr. Myers is a native of the colony, but he is an intelligent one, and that is one of his weak points this time. Whoa, Jerusee-lem ] A clerical gun who is a strong sup porter of the denominational system of education stumped the district to get votes for Mr. Badeery. How very consistent we are 1 What about peace and goodwill, Christianity and politics ? Turn up the whites of our eyes. An important meeting of Cooma Co-operative Mill and Flour Com pany will be held in Cooma School of Arts on Monday next ; see advt. Elopkment. — It is rumored that a married man has eloped with a single woman, and baa gone to Sydney or Bega. Mr. Lawrence Doyle, an old resi dent of Cooma district, died suddenly on Saturday morning, and was buried next afternoon in the Roman Cath olic cemetery. The Australian Blondin did not travel on a bicycle over the rope at Middle Harbor on New. Year's Day ; the rope was conveniently -cut by — somebody. The Bega Standard reports that at Sega Police Court on 2nd January Mark Noouan pleaded guilty to riding a horse with a sore back, but that he did not know it at the time, as the horse had been saddled by a groom ; the case was dismissed. ? The Liberal — We have received . a copy of the organ of the Liberal Association, published by Mr. Hedley Garforth.cf .pastlereagh-street, Syd nav. ' jHfeVnfcyl bg if itt 'In nnralihni* alism, the weekly journal, 'The Liberal,' the price being 2dL, our . contemporary should count sub scribers by thousands. 