fa tr sio'.OUR ' vTORY TELLE R, '...ut·tc li+:r'TXII SAVItIIII' <\- .tt,.;o": .' ;'+'A S TORY )4 ;d:" ..S. CHPTER ..\I, h on hoe not gottlog reOdyI tha ranlk. lobi log 'nlioattro S lebse; talking aoi giking *"''e nnroe o Botho Is golng. away, for ho 'mail od bI anSi Uitty's· panaklog hie porlhono' h:,r, teal and n on l inolpo the white liorao " into tho phineot nad plarte do you know -a;, .whet lio, noto means I for 'hlrs. lion oy Is .l'.o..rendlnog Ithat ohoptor aouot IRed lnolldinrrnnd '0' sclpn,.and I wont to go back," pronted 'bobo-. lolino rrf onotB·tolngaothn plroooioo,1nod~ O1 ,1.: aooikor, onlil p vot t onolioroont, owl looko of Ih~ remnhlol fierceness. "i ar'o, don't knoow okw It meane, or 'j) .whot the businesa is; you can tell him so," 1tlnodi oor lono,:ulghlog lon"irln o 'dopnntm. Instantanonusly, likeo a tnt i A"llittle later Booe went down to tihe not .rvliranmge. iIr, Sovile was gone, and natl' won rrn ln i to the drawingeroon alone. "gaity1,41 moid she in'LnrrOlonly, "wnat c on tinm hrehenl to",". .:ii eIrOoowoldn hbuoainoft Oh, I don't know -nothig interesting, I should think, to us. PNrolhhly-''rl·' coitnruted with moonyoy toot. S It PmlnO hyasit emnaDilert In Dvon. ablest it ai Oswanld manageso. Why) RoHoy, my dMrling, how polo yon owl ?Iriat in theo moatter" f'ili J'.l'Ning-nothlrtg at nll;! ald fatty t rionndlor no furtheir. utn ser nfasteuoid sr Iftlnya'sackrhoinn rtoirm ed her lint, rood lo her that. sheo:si ahoy andor spend lsat day soggnte in th rtlo s nfvournblo opb .i lporftuoty for a wik; long proeonsed, to thoe op of Tnm1hnry HIll. They set forthi -the two together. It was one of those still: iays, so' "mororro In In to oiorrno when the work of ldcay seemons ospenlldedo or a lIttle willei whetno Nntr, as it were. poauoe to look runeoo popn her dying nioi' iron a or n totako a' last review of tleoir 'l^d'nlol onty erethoy pan nod are no more. '"' lbnRh' colouring, oitondni It the sky t Ims e''";' bitn, 'the" wooos were glorious In every `1 O'.oerlly of tint, the hrdgao reoplendart In " ;" him ohall haws, with hiero and ther ."a rohir 're briheast' pinnouhion."' ` rno '' '"Ido love these utumn, doae," mii finhoy n she and her young coenn walked nide st side olg a solitary iona. "For nis I'some minutes noftnorhaoo spoken, and the o t" oniy' sound ho horn, the rustling of lio r:i knowlonlynoth thfir foot, i od,'fmen time ton vat r Inow, to blackbir's song eor nsrnyl "I do love theso nslumnm dosny," said Catty; an her dark eyes glowed ammby sone teeorl inspiratipofon. "Do yot I think theoy are so mlorn, ]ty"on e etired, oy I iaollen you a l 'aiuld not oonon this anlk tordny." Noo "."N i I'amtnotr tirrn-ont i nny lowly ir f weltIng'doro nwe goorl. We will ast rest l.,I hoe a mnute, thaorgh If you donrt min, ,t o m'ythlga mrm" B 't" , e pRer .ining ie-'!' 'AGatty. assented. They jmaerad leaning esn n ethoeols anndrain thro ts "ow Still.ii t' lRosrid oatty prescoly. "Thls kinol ofdiny alwys seein to noe ito ai -flull i thn ls tllnena of somen one very heno rbtilfoua and very goal. He Is looking hook-on lIfe, on earth, toinking of all tloat he has enjoyed orod of il tint ioo will -+' oohave to leone. Bot there Is a smilo rpon Ari-o' hiisfoce ; for In' what he leaves ie seen on '.0 ·'somret of what ihe will gain. Look, Rose, "did you heon tat 'lef foot slowly down? 0 rbO should horn ihooghi fnro wo rof air ''h enough to sever It from tie bough." ? '_Poor thlingI its little doy In done. It wane green andhobrighrt" once," said Rose. "]We hod eIttor go on noor, Catfy, foadn't webI" she adlone alterapoono. tloty sorteld, and resumed her walk. " ~' a'OOtt lam glad yon reoninded mo, Guoy. If yon' w"no were subject to such direams as 1am, we should have stayoi-I don't tnow how' long -at that gain.' . WIhat do_ you dreum aboot, Clotyf I a'm' subiijiect to derenos osf some sortoaoyou know i buttoy non not like yero.," "'' !'What ind Idorrntnooabouot I could not ;dekino I hardly nderlraond fn)y own mools. r:..," omething oidescribable, half pain, half op. ture, comeo over nrmnonlor seems to o n rry we :''not nf nmysei, eyond marth, toyond and !I'"a"'ao e'el fe mni g stirrings ot my heort, o; "' retronogo bpimtiona ;ithere seems to to ano n ~ititr n bpitit withinir noy spirit, exnaltirg and ':ulonr ding if. When I aonat home, at such ;1'; :tlmer, I try to express myeelf in wanting, or, iir.;nox Jlic then,, in musilc; but I never sue r1'~o5''oi Inuonono oan ep moon or dogoo fionen "iror lootnfle quiteh sao feel hem ; they always 16ir' irnroliriiog, If not ill, of their divnfity on thfleor n'o'Es. Hoe'o'ver, oy most success, Ie I n' t' 'It 'nenft kogonrioo, natty, float you feel -tile workings of eigihos." Inm n - "no"! I ton't koon' o oan't loll wrint it is. I 'ioic', koro' only firh, that it issonoorirgooinonol -indropenmont of myself. It donnot 0noako me conceited, for I llnt ronauioon thrt I have 'noportin It;' It ftmes oritom oo ftohioking "'lnetof' ift lt d whren I wrfeirfor it most if Wn-ill not come." " ' " What boofogs itgorrornly "'t ".olorr'ill sometimes bring it; sometiones -Y'emnoole-not a grnnd pigo of m rsic, a sonata nona fnguro, boot a little0 sirrplo air. 'Login o'Buonhn' has brought it olton. Thren any B ii beautigfil igrt. a tnnot, tre sthrsn or 0 picture, 0r even a lace. There w's one faceýafty'asyeri onjooood- ono fae-- gonr now-whith often brought it." "I think I know whose faoo that woo, Cafty." RBos vnoronol, after a pauso, to \- irn h okinLodar.'a ynu do. I have never spoken .0001 mW yna nfi 'moor. hot-that in not brecauso I do ont it--not -tlinkn of hi n o.Gnerally, I canrnot sob.ink of hmmlmlny tonguoe soo outs oo thoouoh lt non0d ino r litter ion na. But ha is In -f oooo - my -morinnot all lay, ono'alf nigrt. His noon. no b00y is toe ulndrcrreonorrr f vi my lifn." l.u~1· ion Ch ponred agagin, looking nprrnom. wood. Ol, nYoO0 uloove heavd- Oswalo most moo Stold youi-or lie fell, I.'l non it was on t:- tho'l glh a go load fallen brm hearon. It in a otoorfirlo; tiolg, If my. to non ann Ideal tinr'o shattered." ,':- " 'ri y,.oAgain n selr paused andl the colour had all lto fo'IrInmbed fnooon'oir ceekanood fromio er lips. Bonsaw han, Ro. ,'rerhps you wonder Show Ia roit, uonorito." lie S. nn oooo,, notrrrnreo Roseo hesitating sometimeIs)or nlioroon'l hravo oronionrei how itis loon , .lbnat~yon now it, Anot yet noneno cheerlol." o'.'!i ''I trilltoll yoaw row.if isifony.. Son eii oldavn2 2"r knowinnige mray he of use to yooo. It , G, ,.'irnnonrI irlnnmro"'-aood at she spoken ni-i 1suoldndetllonlnmnation ohart over hIer aco anod lin..Oidha r wonderful eyes-" hcloooo I believe ,thalttlnheo eIn' another world, and another 0.e0t .. ri ;'f .. "I believe it too," miso Bonn, "Bot-'" i-- n She stopped in confurion-. - ' ,r .00'0''But you think I havo'no sureground to' oyjo'' hope, oI do hope-on I toitrn':e-lher voice b. eloolnben- nnf1: kno,' thlot in that world, in that life, I ohall nmet hinrio Bu lI naoo sure g--o- rrounl." ko oou.urno.noooollookd at Bose. "f..'It en urne grorlnd of wl's truthi." bIen.-v; t~!fgi doa'_ rqnitoondeontond," Said Bose .1 ol.euplofo. 'Tnmnrrnoo, most nr.olhI','Isrnll not ho ohio to mooflon lion :yn-.h:okrots~; hoi to~doy lrn,ond lwtff nplnin. lnlioc Iron Owl Cmi prorori~ood, gOfaif~rn!j! pm. oomioorione Linirrronrol fre oroawoopmaynof' ""Ti-loo, nblonnlnl oni orry 'lool.' 'Prcmm in no 'kno'L~t' In fir'. noon. Ho Ilore prononold tiont, if oinm~;;Osnk noytlkiog orcnoodho on dun roth, Ho ,~ 'will hooronl ·That tonmy font slop.". "It-lbn poneordeng-to hinl wIll that noois skCI'' lo nnip.: u~d r sae. 'That -to my smood singop '. '-·l; 0'..flnlpme haoe pae.J~ni ebrrerrgth, mad nl ~my muond, pnllol om wn I oonb~ioln, mad fenlings, nonrredlroir, for bIn soln-my fallen Ideal's. That ls ay thIrd Aud my,! Interesib, my ho t, `,n glory; ,my'oU ipotý II lifo and hi loath is I, thatt CI'al tjCal o f Truth, has hlmerl 0,0,10"5 rontel, anconlling to Hllis promise, tlhat playroper,. Slooked up, The Illundnatiosh 'had brightened no bar fae,. Anbr t I beolre, 1e said, with hndad olasped-"I lleve thalt, nlhltuh no hunano heye saw ihis r0t Idnoon dod l rolnet I anro tohatde, anlthough o earthly anleauolt Ion Son utoo hfr horwas ooolved, 1 eolleor, as bleloofe Cal, that eis soul Is at titls anotombt-tles omeoOint, wil oe ntno healhlkg lbore-rithI C slsnt to L'ol .iso." After this sih wog silnot orna spner, and Rose,hll aelllrd, walked asthit hiy her side. f'aseltiy'. having clrltlod oooranlds andl hards Ifor a considebl, dnrlistanoe, thiny trol d fr, a coplpie of li4tteer, ndl louls tle asolleso on the slennolt of tle o1n1. llhen wnere Thrloesl hroe, toon tod In th eir hleightrs, as by trdtlon l, ond, was heard O goolo ,,eemetgug. For belon Inoy tlho nalloy of the Touoo-"ireeno pstrnee and still waters"-with wa ods, oo l on ,gy)ds, and orchards, and oollorrs, and a vllage spiro or too. Stllt andl pnalm, wero oll thingal mend t on g fotr hortnio terbloe hln egian to haoollteito a '"hos oIf yollow lrht," tore orur of tohesn, , so t i o osds stodl hand gae (11d, o ItIn omkou onethink of the now heavens nul tllo ,nw earoth," sid Catty drlalgy, "I ishl I hol yorae m ni tin my Iiut It Ls beyoud mloI I eoanot olonretnld it. If I Ihd golioli t n wlat i) Ionio olio tbrmog, I sould ave in down and died." 1tlTls life Ins two ,orldf , rosy; tro world ofloer sail the wold of ork. ''eroy oo tled tognetlr, or tloy oay revolre, eone 1I ownh onlh , separltly. I hove eean In telo lint, OldI It res set toeo I tlhee; hut ,ow it is o losedaganlst Ine,. std I slhall ener enter It sgois this side of tle greoe. Int the other reemaoln nill havee ,iiy )eOat mr II rleiy nys lsk to 10. 1 sieoul no ldlte lude o, td owanrlly lndeed, toniali tnso no o sileot. Sle stood lest In wondaor. Tmeso tInIls yero too Ihont for her. " If mIght odnly," nwot on lontLt after a el srlo-and tisere was somhethlnr of no glsh ihi levr ton,-" If I milht ornly Ihe snen lhlie onco beforo he diedf; 1ff I night ouff havo sold, I forgiv yomu,' 'I lol o on still alnd kissed Ils forihcnd once-jost oced-IL think I should ho rontcntodI Bt thnt risl elied yo; remmde the longing, the terrchlm longmg what it was at werst Icannot oxgrcs- on o tlmes it ernwhrlons lne still." Ilr eyes went out Onre the volly to theo sahy, an thioug they nould fain pierce It. "'Yes, atill," she repeated, more to lhrself tlhn to Rose, 'often I fancy tlat it will laonent eni till I die." "Do you tlhino one loging onver does b aut a peeson till imo or s uhe llns -lhant unsntiied I" It niny, I think-I fena," sotd 0a0Il1, "Ifit le a wrong one, or, as ii oy nose, l nosrhiblu to le a dtisiwef" n "Aetnl wlior that Is not positively Inte possiblre, lot is tih best renedy " asked Rose anoioely. Tic ere Is only one," replied (otty ''rov0er." Gttly, I anaon a lgi posionat longingg-l can't tell you it- lt it is; but pra for ee-yiour laith n I stronger tIhan mie-that It may, tliat It oyap, ho sotis led,." "I will, y odaiing," sld Cattoy vnery gently. 'h ha f ilr trloed, ad took their aay down the hih. CHIAPTER XIX. A txorea from Oswolt I It greeted Roso's eyes whenhes she openedtlt .oat-tbagl next morning. lattyl tid spent the Iight nita her, but had gone home to breakloal, and Rose wasalone. A tflick letter-three stamps on hise onvo lope;e withi,,, senorol shcoto of notepoper, olosely covered. Rose felt again that dizzinerss, that lsith,,es of sight. whilch, she had felt nhlen scotclhling for the teiegrom. Sio forlifieilihersotf wit, a ciup of connee, lost lher consatnsses shlouldllt, as tihn, for. sake lar; altrtrwanlrs sooooleht sevivol, unfoloed thls first sheet, and begao to rea :- e Lindrldge, Oct. 8l0th, 1S-. "M neo u o H ,-I told Inon esterday that the miystery nnliiah Eos, 1fear, elulsed ,,plesoontiess, If no more,'hotwen e s, eo ahout to1 ho learedf up. What his ilystery lan coat mosem cannot loll)oi. It Leontroy to myprioolpleslhayonalhtd n wife; and alloogl, thIs ccaso ~, or at least I thought It, on0 of positive noenesity, I havs often fell serloos nmingsiri Oslo to ,ithrer or ,noI were a~cting risltly, ee ecnla lly whe I eaw" dhow- yo, took 01-111a1 it vexed you, Chet- but nover nind, it is oarr now, an I hone only to ask your forgleniess Rlosy, for any palo that I may hlave caused you on tl, subjct, Antin not I nmst explain. It is a long story, od yoi mael preparo lobe vory muc ostoislhd. 'To heg, at tihe beginnin:g do you rememben r thle ciay afere no,,oe linti, that. justos we were starting to go lown to the vireage, I inossnsmnamloe toiSimpson in ilte stewaoo's room ? I erect, enxpnting to hear of somle meater conn,, ted withll thle tenants on the lafd. lli-ot I tid hear, Rosy, even, at this length of ltl,, a thrill partly of one, I think, partly of ,,,orool- sunh a thrill as I flt tlhn, strikes tIhrogh mo hlenI recall it. You know tll oak coppinleat hr end of tllo wnildenn,,a s garelo, and the fiel on the notlir aiden Thot, as I serxuacy you aloo lknow, is a fanorito e fll of Gatty's, and tio ownin g beforn you and I came lone, Simpson, loosing through it, sow her walking upalnd down, oloan, wnoieh log thle a,,oset. He.hloeh ergoool-ight, an d' passed on into the coppice. He had 0one co110 eigllt or ten yords, leln oe was aslartledl by n eoigla-o Reter cough; and lauxin , , lorking about him, hoe son oteronloiittlo listoonee,; long the tres, the tl",,e of a nail. Cou !oon cols hlidden, but toe attitude led Sinepeon, to sopplluo that illh person, wlhoener lie ni)lglh ho, was either ill or In dilstres. fie was no aloinig aainst atrsno, his forehead lowenl on his haodls; lhid dress nos penllaer-Sfillpson openially remarked an, old-lfashloel cloak, wlhinh hung round trim, In large folds. This old mas wat aboult to mov toardls lsl,,,; when suddoolylie rained hL head, and his foce becanie visible. Rosy. It woo a fdce wllich wa bad long looked upon as dead-itnoos the face of Roll Howell. Tho sight madle Simpson'a blood roa meld, he said;and I could not wonder. Atfirst he took it for granted that lie stood io thle presence of a ghost, hot a mlinute later hie remembered that 'a spirIt blath not flesh and hones,' 'so how eould it halo lungs' to cough, sIr!' This hoppy thought restored hil leourag 'o he det ermnael to keep silence, and to slit the oatter. lb had not been oeen by thie figure, wnhtever it light be ;ho, stood bakh and waited in'amburhs. When tlhe figure mned, lie morld at a renpectful distance, following lid amoong tlro trees and, thrOluglh the osiwhnhol to thle hedge en tile eastern side of tIle en Ipine. Thlia Ihodgo the fi,, r,, oli,,,hod, ond dot lhlnlself down,, i,,to 0 erood. Simpson, slilt al a peoderlt din. tloses, did llho sons. How lin did il, with hie eheo,,,tio loabs. a~noi,,s a oyalery; hat ho says thalo, tnw stoolaol liloo,,ld yigoorsesarrect toarlon ha l,i,nr fne tho non. 3100. Up 1,11, doweo laln, hy a rooa,'oh,,,l rooto, the (31000 (0000, till tin 0)0110~ to Flr coins. Ila neathol onelopod loin lk olocl. his aol dawalowl 0000 lIs hlaoreoleal, a,,d Its stooped In o,,ol, a ollaceer so to eonoey Olin Idea of eatreesi age. Itwros daish wllesIo reoehed~ienotos,~ He walhed etranght io at tietnyrl~t, opul, neftlln,,o 'heaocb 116 tl ,nckoaiorentbhi lionso, aod boldly oatorsd; Silapson waIted alloot tlle 1015, aed pen. otntly lint fon thsby Cruste tilae tyny0 l ool". low Ul fat antid noo tioootoos, whomtooo Stiopsoo aroosted, ailo, ob t judcouos 0in0m0 000t1, pnioently il uw rum hh the IutfornmtlotO Ihot a stroaghor tta nisitg the 11mttoto,. Shle boyalodd not soy whotlher l wono old or yoongol ;o j lot tdor thaor l lls amwou1ld wa ill ltppretly, foor, oak ptfdoo whten ho went oilt o f tor o tnwotlos, anod irs. 1xerc ton took }doui his meals.:. o to rtonul n hot e, thA I, tro toldr. Fotaro ter for dtooooullto, goo old follow, breattOd o ot 0o110 orwnn thoe o objootott 100l00ae oock, SItoear I oomust h asoojnf to yo' strongolyr loll nst andofoo tlroon ghot that oftornoo.l 1I orema tbr yon otn lotkeo ot toooeo thong h yto thousgt atnoa ~lqoueto onewod t ofo, tos toiotolt yooroympotto, omfereo so s torlty, wi0s Ihajor tini yont mow. lorovorot, to Cioe my eud to oui wodo llooe boUn rtliol l ttol. float It roe relief tn whict I bored rlnt lofouolgo. tI klo that ltyou ro ld beo oochlo at thje rwoloo, andll o th vicage people muchcl with us ; that oey uncle wouold hmention Rolf to you, that rCatty would doJbtless t hake yo tot hter cotliooco not. teoigl w notoh, sl tmat both raho d shalys stook of h lmton, oallat, of cos o m ,d o ot 0 yoo to loos: of ha lolo foreto m oo,pln toot cotd y00, knototg what I knowo , tldergo tulft witoloout betrayloog thej sece t'Yoo coold not-of that I te stayr. For It l enot i yoou to nory ooil a dcoptoot or a nonalomoonoootyooare too htimple, too too, Stoo youg.t Inonr cai nntolo wl front 00, for slattj o-,bt noo er mlnld throsllwoo. Suffi it to sny, I know, k1n the case 1 ihnate saop Tposo, that yog orn oold tlo, that you w tollor, tlot Cloatty's eyos sorotld e yo togt noud tlhougl and 1 decolod hta llt ohat tell toot bonoeord of alont nt tillotg h y tal dt. Againo I as, fnrgive to thos, 100 it is over 00o00. In tolo ootoloog 1 00n0 ovor to Fimoteo, resolvd to ponewtrte thios aottory. As I otlkedo, lookling Look to old claoys,I rroeoot. Sboroedtbat Ilrlomh and Rolf of ll ho l ad 1oliven sojr" Menlo s. thny hao takle a mujtjjol fancy when first they ooot. faol, was a toy, otd boon conlinuolly at Fireotes, vrotting, rabtolooottll og. ond so forth. looten r itorlot bot a boeootful tlIttlo ctilt, rtooa hotf lotted t lito enaonrylntowg Laollkfl poor fetloo. too 000 of Ilts looog vaoations sit fol I, and lo Io aon vary kd to lor jootlt often tooseeter, itkiong poletrorhooks. toys, and things tdotimth lwer Appeite t sirsed to atctl , Irton told tole, tos nisits. St; died at last, stool bo eaosth sealedoo ltoirloos gratitoodo lie never forgot uotlf' kltttth ts to tlht othild. T) lore0 I thoghlt of those thIoog, tteo mo0 cortalo I lolt thot Simoptosono tioot tot been moistken lthat tultf oad lnotly ben, at Fircolts. oll oItele; whlotlher lhe were at Fioeolos F still was anolher matter, Irrontort the I losous rBatrton was at hoo.I was allo n iOto ois oltitooegoo. Itwtoar ot work to goot at Oto truotho, boot I did, ttornoogh a vast ooooooottt of ovations, hestaotions, touruttott, got 0it itot last. ity drorees ttoe whole story w I\rs told 1 I had1 it all below nle, plainl andi clear. "hour nights ego, soon attertlark, i 005a toolled in actolo stoold wool, as if by age, haboo ppeared at thlo book doorof Fireotos, ntt hall trequeoslted to spoto to tio ctoastor. ttortootloottgone 0000 to IttR), motl tte bad loten, groolsally-not ontil olto tto last reeolijog tots fooo- aunotiootoo himosetf as tthat RolflHowoll whto.oo all boetlioevl to ho otmot, I will toot split out my story by rootarging, as Bnuton of co0urso eotargoo, on the stook totolotolse-lf-i doubts, fears, fol. loogs alt tltoso yot can Ioagnoo. -Aod Itoots pcifloot, Rolf set to work to odcount for tis roappcoornct. I forgot oltotttr, 'totor I toldtou I0ios story, I told yota ttat sy onolo and t ll not remain to Londonl toOsea himl alt. W woore both wanted olsowhers-my uncl at frtotgeod, and I at Cotofool-onl othos wero obliglg to loans him two or three da's befor thiaton whlich theo slhp was to toll It soets tlhat ot the very lay 00 loft he rnco otorntl tbt a coffsehoooo as old Oxford frlend, oo who hlail boen lob con. lidotat respoctilog Catty, and hlobaotostant compnion in tols time' of tis prospority, wlotn hs charototr was yet moooth-a- man somettotog of a Pharisee, I should imagine, unbleooishtd in ropuottion atlnd in outwarl lift; on00 who would kayo noo syinpatloy wIth a black shoop, suclt as poor Roll w l 00now. Rolf, ooho haol sow nothing ofloim sltoootho opoch wloen tte blacknoss began, retreated to tioe farther end of the molteoroot, oond took ott a noospapor to hide hio foot., Bo. ill(] tillo sorcn lIoe heonl the friend talking to a moot oonion-heort, to lits honor, that ie eons )bout to tal, as o lof was to toIl, for Austorlia, acol oilo taken pasaosa in the stoo ship--theo Join Bll. la TllisaWAo enough for Roll, too he sloas Iroitno lbs olffeehouso, went to a cerbita ocqooaioobonea of his- jono of tto lowest of the loow-Alfred Wtilson by nameor, who won also, as Rolf know, aboot to try htt fortono at the oitsgkogs, and with himt elfootod an oxchange. AlfrootWison wa s to oadopt thlt name and porsooollty of Rolf Iowooll, and, in llolaf' atoodI, to soilin tilo Johot Bull, In rotuor for this, atd for a promise of secrecy, Rolf 0,000 over to himl, not moerely the bettor bortl-.for Wilson's own passage lad boos taken In tle steora go ofoan Interior vessol bot alto ns tojottf lots outfit and personoa pro perty as w'as alrrly shipped. It so happened, the ngocintioons laving been coo. tooO1e- thorouglh my uncle and myself, that Rolf lnd tbloo tptito of tto John iooll boot never moet. Th' oxthano o was t0erefore ant nosy matter. Afrotd Wilson solloof as Rolf Ifowoll in the Jolon iloll ; stol Rolf Iowell, two days later, sailed as Alfred WVilson is the Nilagara. "Soon after his arrival in Austrotta It heard tlhat the John Boll hoot been lost. and know toot hloeow dead ito holdy, ns ito ojlood, to ttooso at homoe. Ito resolved not to ondeceive themo. N o on0, too thoorglit, sav iatty, caredl hototloor t were d1ur or alivrs anto It wan bettor for Catty to beltevo blot, dead and done with tloln still is thlls worlo -sepaontod from her Ant from all who haot loved him l prlhaps sick, prerhaps nmlsorabo, perloops sinjnp--crrtototyy lonely. So lhe kept lots onamo of Alfroed Wilson, ond wrote 0o word tloion. "He diid notl pros Br at tine digg~ings; lie Ind nlo heart, heo soul, to prosper, ne"11gy nod tboric w 00r 0 gor and facntly, to mako thtings worse. lie fell ill. A oooglo, and a eontoktl oooiaot in hiettoot, cmte toot onod clong to olto. Some told boton tlhat to was int adeclino ; he refused at. loot to belinvo tloon, bot nlter a while, growinog no botter; Ito bhgano to boar theny tmliglot ooit right. Theon acouteon Iols heart it boulolg desiro to sea Catty. Ito Ion told me sloce, poor follow, that it was like a fover, and oolosutned holot night andl lay. At Iengtllh it booatoe so strong tloot to felt he most, at any cost, indulgo it. Sod hell Itself, too sald, lait botween him Anoo her, toe woould have tro oersed it,oood boon thoblofl only to look hobo boer wondertfol eyes, So to took steerage ticket ho an emigrant ship, and .autlo home, "The voyage revived hhnj-in' fot, ro. stored hiot to thte time. Ifo folt qutoe well wnloon Enntoo ioo gla ndof ant o tit to ootk, hloalng no oooonty for railroad,, to walk, oy Slow tIn ones, into Itoreooteortotro li wenot straighlt to Fit cotes as his olno resoure. Burlon toold 0000 Itht to loiooldl )oner forgot hloo, in that firstiontlorolo, too prayd h0000 or trle oloo ofl ol{ for tlhelore of I (toe (cal .4oll1, to gio blot board aiod sl.o.tto, ,.. amoney, jont lor two days loot lIlt Ito toad soa Gtty. 0 Woabo Slooprojo ejoeoooottonll tot,,, Ott otto gootoog 0 atooe ttorooglol~j tooIldgo nsst wonlbod top ood dowlno ttoo tisld. Ifs lod n·etoornoo 00 Ptrcotet, totootclong' tO Irayeit 00000 do1 toot tolowst Ottonoglolyl otostostoof, ooool Otoitototnoos-Ottoy onore obtogootl os lot .ifrs.-iiorboo Into tho stooof-pornsooola lim to stay anattoor nlglt 000000o to osotolt tots streogotlo. - ITs o bonotlotooot For srtnonlog natlons. Tho front door mat Is ottoryt Onooty to srapoa nosot'sotOlunt 