[?] The most important event of the week has been the publication of the Morris- Ranken land report. It has had the largest space in the papers, as it will have the largest space in the general mind. It has been de scribed as an eye- opener. In the bush, probably, it will rather be regarded as confirmatory of the general opinion and as summarising general informa tion, than as startling ©r strange. All honest bush npcrole have known for the last 10 years that the land law was about as bad as it could be. Messrs. Morris and Hanken were only required to tell city-folk and Parliament so. But ?what will Parliament do with it? Htqmcscat in pace, with much pomp and ceremony, was pronounced over the mortal remains of Sir John O'Shanassy in Victoria upon Monday, last. Scarcely a man in Australia ?who has not heard something of Sir John. He was one of the biggest men of Victoria's early days ; but one from whom history, rather than anecdote or fiction, grew. He lacked an Irishman's geniality, and he had all a Dutchman's stolid industry. Strange tales gathered about his entry into the colony. It was said that he was a butcher, and there is a familiar yarn amongst bushmen of how Jock Winter (another historical Victorian, who died seven years ago), upon the day of his landing in the colony, went up to a John O'Shanassy's butcher shop and purchased a half pound of chops for his dinner, and was so struck by the quality of the mutton that he made inquiries as to where it was bred and fed, and received as answer Ballarat. It was enough for Jock ; he went to Balla rat, and lived and prospered and died there. It is all a yarn of course : John O'ishanassy never kept a butcher's .shop, but he did do business in drapery once, and did it well. Also he studied and gave to himself more than an ordinary education, ' A cultured man, an intel lectual man, 6ir,'' said a very aristocratic Chief Secre tary in Victoria's early days. ' I tell you he sleeps with a Latin grammar under his pillow every night of Ms life.' Probably he did in early years. He ruled Victoria through one of her most event ful years, but the Church ruled him all his days. He lost office and power because I it grew to be a bye-word. Ten deputations waiting j in the anteVoom might see 20 priests pass into the llinister. And he lost popularity with the mob, because all patriotism oozed out of him as riches flowed in. He may have hated the Saxon, as a Tipperary boy, but as a prosperous Australian man I he knew better, and hence he was forced out of Kil I more, in Victoria, and stoned with stones in his native I town of Tipperary. Poor man ! his death was hardly I expected, but it is not untimely ; very few of his I colleagues in that first Ministry are now above the I sod. I Through the week that is passed Bradlaugh has I been before the British Parliament and the world I again. The House of Commons has refused to admit I Bradlaugh or any other man who will not by the I Christian verity swear allegiance to the British I Constitution. It will have no affirmation; and as I Bradlaugh has expressed his utter contempt for the I oath it will not permit him to desecrate that I prescribed form. Bradlaugh is put out and I the door barred, partly, it must be confessed, by his I own bad behaviour, for had he been decently con ? sistent he would have been admitted long ago. The ? House would have gained nothing by his presence ; ? but he gains, and the House loses, much by the osten ? tatious manner in which the door is shut in his face. ? Had he been permitted to speak from his place in the ? Bouse, there would have been no more attention paid ? to him than to a hawker of stale fish in the streets ; ? out the redhot, shallow-minded champions of Chris ? Uamty have built him a pillar high as that of St. ? otyhte's, and therefrom he speaks to the world. ? Our native-bred youths are coming to the front in ? the schools, the colleges, the studios, the theatres. ? Une especially bright instance is noted in the budget ? ol .news brought forward upon Wednesday last. It is ? a lad named Edgar B . Mackennal, who gave evidence of ? such a decided art capacity that some friends sent him ? home to study under Marshall Wood. But Marshall ? »ood died about the time his ship reached England, ? and he was taken in hand by Mr. Thorneycroffc. ? i\ow, on three successive occasions, he has taken ? P«miunis in that great artist's studio— prizes both ? tot sculpture and painting. By-and-by, therefore, ? we may expect to see him return to do good work in ? ^k^T6^1011 of the glones of our land, and, I of T' Xn io^ a little iu the ultimate decoration ? ^'Iteneously with the record of the triumphs of ? iTn?r0m¥mg youth' comes news of some other lads ? nriln been dtomguidung themselves. There are 12 I 5R7SfC£mmttedfor trialat Sandhurst, Victeria, ? n't!rotthem ^ native-born. Australia might well ? Pul on crape over that announcement. I StSr/l1* \ my is ifc ? Lack of mOTal training in ? S»ECfels- ^^^ 'suits of 'godless educa H in A«,»ri 7'iL ' Bxe not similar results shown ? thctS ?he?- m the State of New York' H resiling !yStem has had a ™*e years- trial, and the H Ution if« ? notwitll6tanding the fact that the popu ? tCℭ?a8ed.?° Per cent- tte total number of ? ce!T^,0.fAuvemle crimmals has decreased 75 per H fear not n !° witn ** nine years hence ? We ? totourw « educational system i6 good enough, ? tomSre:6y8t£m b bad« The cUm^te kills our H «C ST°? ; boy8 Uve at sch°o1 or ln the Dush 5 ? ihttcesaWii?'?1™1011® and chimney-corner in H t}«* tK e v-early Uve8' rt ta the n0I»es rather H de«ire to bettatSlSlSS1118 l00king *° * ** '^ ^| M^leeed* t«' f°\ many montQs Past, we have been H *« GiUer! ?ntei P*0 our Library, Museum, and H ^t MelbnT,JfP°n Sunday. and it is not unnatural ? *eut JT* We, having watched the experi ^1 S'ioyment.X ™l to re8ult in nothing but honest ? lj*nir*y1* d6Sire *° foUow fa the same track. ?? Petitioned tfJ ^1 A S»at meeting of citizens H ft*8* «eSLESB?e8*J0 °pen the d0--™.andthe ? ^ dooTid to tlie Petition as they ought. ? £&* ta Tf vopened' ^ &e; people ^H ivtte *as J« i then arose another trouble. ^H ^^ttemevlSJT? 6ection of the P^ple ^B T^the ™5? ? by conscientious scruples from - ? ^SeCr'.T11 Sunda^ and tneyreso H I ° d^ired to I ? ?et themselves in the way of those ?? °rro-*itaEaiLf°i?' An«ther meeting was called ^M ^.°Fening ^ ™? tbe arbitrary action of the trustees ? ** teeSag ™r'' and il ta a matter of ««ret that , ^M 6 was n--t allowed to take place in an orderly and decent manner. The hall was thronged with partisans, and they would give no speaker a hearing. They yelled at each other furiously, called each other bad names, and absolutely refused to allow any resolution to be put and carried in decent fashion. It was bad taste on the part of the liberal people to obstruct that meeting. For weeks the sky had been as brass unflecked by a cloud. The arid earth was cracking, and herbage fast disappearing from its surface. Tanks were fail ing and sheep dying, for it was what is termed a dry summer on the Lachlan, and every one who has been out West knows what that means. At last one even ing there were signs of a change, and after 12 the drops were merrily pattering on the roof. It was raining, and no mistake. Soon after sunrise the ' bos6' was up, and promptly proceeded to take the record of the ram gauge. The overseer and the new bullock-driver were close at hand. ' Well, air,' asked the former, ' what did she make ?' ' Over 40 points,' was the reply. ' Forty pints be jiggered,' exclaimed the Jehu of bullocks. ' Forty pints ! Why the da&ted; thing couldn't hould two quarts if you was to cram it.'' My sympathies are with authors, especially when their works are original ; but when a writer simply strings together a lot of ancient stuff, some useful and some otherwise, and makes them, with a lot of adver tisements, form a volume, my sympathy is with the reviewer, especially when he receives from the author a note to this effect :— ' Sir, — I, some time ago, for warded you a copy of my ? for review, with the request that you -would send me a copy of the issue containing your notice. I have not received it, and, concluding it may have gone astray through postal irregularities, I respectfully request the favour of another copy.' Assuredly, if the paper containing the review is worthy of perusal, it is worth its price. In sheer wanton mischief the country larrikin can etill give the city product a few points. In a town in the west recently this opinion was to some extent strengthened. There was a quadrille a£~»nably, and while the dancing was at its height sojic urchins secured positions at the open windo ws, and by using large squiits deluged the hall with liquid from the nearest horsepond. Another imp thought it a good joke to do the ghost business, and he did it to such effect that he almost terrified to death two young ladies who were passing the lonely spot which he had selected as a favourable site for operations. There is a certain practical mode of joking with a cowhide which would not be reprehensible in the district where there are so many jokers. Those who so freely give should be able to receive and be thankful. A contemporary in Victoria ridicules the opinion of the Tasmanian coroner, who attributes the recent outrages by the youths in his colony to the evil effects of early training among the rabbit traDpers of the island. The theory is not so absurd. * Familarity with blood and bloody deeds on the part of youths is clearly proved to exercise— at least, in some cases — a bad influence. I am reminded by a friend that a striking instance of this was illustrated some years ago in Smythesdale, Victoria, when two lads who had been in the habit of following the young kids about the bush, and when caught, cutting their throats, did not hesitate a moment after wounding a halfcaste lad to draw the knife and cut his throat from ear to ear. New Zealand is always to the fore. She has in her principal city a matrimonial agency. We seem never to rise from the level of the ordinary stock business ; but in that we 6hine particularly brilliantly, for, as every one knoM's, every second man one meets in this city is a commission agent of some sort. But about this New Zealand Matrimonial : its conductor advertises that it has been established 20 years, and that to date (recent), 87 couples have been married through the efforts of the officials. This does not seem a grand result. The average is about four per year. The com mission must be abnormally heavy, or the shutters would have been permanently ' up '' long before this. It is properly recognised as a duty to lessen each other's burthens, but even this can be Gamed beyond the extreme limit. For instance the gentleman who attempts to do that which is commonly and vulgarly termed ' sweat ' sovereigns goes when caught to durance vile. The Chinese are adepts at this jame. They do not deal in acids, ordinary friction or attri tion serves their purpose. It is, however, question able if the business is worth the labour and capital necessary. One must have a fair stock to start with, and then when the sweating is done there is the trouble of working off the lightened coin. If it were worth the doing it would be much more extensively practised. It takes 18 years of ordinary wear to render a sovereign illegally light, and it is thought in England that of the £100,000,000 worth of gold coin in circulation 55 per cent, are below the legal currency. A friend in the West writes to me concerning a paragraph which recently appeared in this column ex pressing fear that the stock and rabbit tax will cause 'mistakes'' to be made in the annual returns. He endorses my view and cites a case in point. 'I know,' he writes, 'a station which the lessee re ported in January as having only 58,000 sheep. No fresh lots wese purchased between that and March ; yet, in the latter month the property was sold with 70,000 sheep. The inference is obvious. Mr. Hard wick saved a certain sum by making a false declaration and cheated his fellow stockowners and the Treasury.' I am rather sorry that the proposal to provide our Mayor with a chain has been negatived, and by the casting vote of the individual for whom it was in tended. There was to be a prize for a design, and I had one almost ready. Each link should, of course, have its own history, and bear the name of its Mayor, and as our most prominent city reminiscences indu bitably are of filthy streets, bad drainage, and general bungling, a wide field for artistic skill is presented. The 1875 link might be ornamented with a dead cat, 1876 a defunct dog, 1S77 a coffin, 1878 a model of the Town Hall foundation, 1879 with contractors' tips. The chain could have been made a thing of beauty. And shure it's a pity, so it is, that my ould friend, Alderman O'Connor, didn't carry his motion. A few mornings back, while administering the necessary nutritive matter to my charger, my vision was directed to the bag which contained the chaff. It bore the brand, 'T. M., Ballarat,' plainly showing that the said chaff had come to Sydney all the way from the centre of Victoria. That bag set me think ing, and to some extent extracted the flavour from my matutinal chops. Chaff, I reasoned, is a bulky commodity, and how can it be that the Ballarat farmers can send it all the way— say, 100 miles by land and 500 miles by sea— and dispose of it in a market which has at its back millions of acres of good land through which railways are laid ? If the bag were labelled Albury or Wagga or Cootamundra, it would not have surprised me more, for these prolific districts are not more than half the distance away. Where are Orange, Blayney, Carcoar. the somuch boasted-about Molong, Bathurst, Camden, Goulburn r I mentally asked. Have they been shifted to Vic toria? Are our railway freights too high or are our farmers too idle ? There must be some cause, or this Thomas Muggins, of Ballarat, could not profitably send me the chaff which my workers or fellow idlers of this colony seem unable or unwilling to produce. 