By W. CLABK KUS3ELL, IPufclbbed by special arrangement with the author* All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXIY,—A Cruel Blow. We sat a little while talking over our adventures, and I wa3 heartily glad to notice ?h»t Kh not moke tbo loiinff the Aurora that I expected to find in him when he should come to have leuure fnr thoueh*. and his mind was treed from such Dressing peril as an open boat brings. No doubt he was supported by that what bad happened was altogether out side his duties, his courage, and his resolu tion as a seaman; that ho was as innocent of the fire and the ultimate destruction or the barque as he was of the cruel and bar barous mutiny. . . , . This deek-house in whicn we sat wasm-cn cooler thsn the cabin of the Aurora, owing to the door and the windows which ventilated it freely. The smell of the pitch was stib strong, and set us speaking of the fever. Biohard said that, thougu African fever wus conssaicus, he had no fear now that all the \- bodies were overboard, their clGthes thrown awav and the deck-houses well fumigated. In all cases of the kind which he could recol lect he never remembered uhat any of tne ■ fresh ere?/ sent on board by passing ships took the fever. Infection was caused by a sick man sleeping with the rest of the men in ' a small, badly-ventilated forecastle or cabin, and in such a vessel as this, if the fever chose to spread, there was no medicine to check it. Then, pulliDg out his watch, he asked me to go and relieve Spence at the wheel, that the . lad might get his dinner. 11 If we don't come to you quickly," said he, "it will be because I want to overhaul tue lazarette, and see what provisions ana water there are aboard. Nothing can happenm the shape of weather," he added, whilstttie sky beeps that most wonderful coloi, ^°ugh I wish I could see a barometer about, for these latitudes are as capricious as a cat—an velvet one hour and the nexu momen. all "lTwent on deck, feeling greatly refreshed, • tren'gthened and cheered by the meal and our quiet chat, and taking- the wheel from Spence, told him to go and get his dinner in the cabin. The same languid breeze was still blowing over the quarter. It was as hot as the sunshine itself, and it was amazing that theheat did not dry it up, and that it should prove so constant, for there seemed to he .no place for it to come from. There was not the merest tip or vaguest feather of cloud upon the dome of blue. Fresh from an open boat myself, and kno wing, thougkhut for a day, the torture of the heat and the dazing and maddening influence of the iteration of the surface of the sea upon the mind, I could well understand the language of sailors who, in describingtheir sufferings when shipwrecked, have spoken of seeing their dying shipmates tnrn up their faces to the blue and cloudless heavens, _ and curse it with their glazed eyes. Majestic, wonderful, beautiful as that azure was, yet even I, standing safe and in good health upon the deck of a sound vessel, found, when I came to the wheel and looked up and saw tae eternal blue void shining still, something malignant and cruel in the hot, breathless, measureless expanse; the weariness of finding it there yet, shadowless save in the deepening of its own hue in places, as though a swell ran through the great ocean of azure ether, became a pain; and a kind of passionate lenging grew in me for a sweeping wind that would checker that staring; glaring face with clouds, and give life to the brass-like ocean, now scarcely wrinkled by the draught of air, and veil for intervals the burning, dazzUng disc tbat wns pouring it3 almost vertical fires over our mastheads. '' I took notice, however, that whilst we sat at dinner the course of the swell, that had heretofore run in the wake of the faint breeze, bad veered to the north-east, so as to bring it a little before the starboard beam. The heave of it was heavier than before, ba„ not more noticeable, owing to the spaces between the folds being exceedingly wide, so taat the rolling of the brig to it was very gentle and gradual. Kor was the horizon as clear as it had been. There was no mist and yet the \- ' natural boundaiy of the deep was so vague that here and there it was difficult to distin guish it from the sky. I had been standing at the wheel about half an hour, and was last in thought, having much, as you may conceive, to engross my mind. The brig was steering herself, and scarcely needed watching. Every now and again, as the swell heeled her tenderly, the topsails would come into the mast with a pleasant sound, and a .back draught of air, disdaining the blowing of the wind, ran along like the waft of a fan, and hollowed the little sail that sheltered me from the sua. The completesilence.illustratedratherthanbroken bv the swinging c£ the canvas, the occasional subdued wash of water under the counter, and the soft chafing of the gear, were alto aether too soothing for me, who had nad but little sleep, and that of the most uneasy kind, during the last forty- eight hours; and twice I started up and broke away from the weight or slumber that loaded my eyelids, with a feel ing of fright, as though I had committed some. ; dreadful crime. I was rubbing my eyes with one nana, ana with the other holding on to the wheel, for my unconquerable sleepiness was incessantly •' causing my legs to "gtvo" under me, when Spence came along the narrow passage or gangway on the port side of the cabin. He approached so leisurely that I had no .doubt whatever that Bichard had sent him to relieve me at the wheel, and was feeling \- mighty thankful for the release, intending ait all hazards to lie down in the cabin and take a snooze, when he said-^and there was some thing in the expression of his face, now fully perceived by me, that put sleep to flight before ever he had open ed his mouth— "The cap'n wants you, 'm. You re not to be alarmed. He's had a fall; but he hopes : he's not much hurt." ±, . ,, , When I heard him say that my blood ran cold, a darkness came into my eyes, I Jet go the wheel, and my hands fell to my side as .though I had been shot through the heart. But the dreadful feeling of faintness passed like a flash. " Where is he ?' I cried. " In the cabin," he answered. I ran there, ai d on entering the door per ceived my husband lying on the deck with his head and shoulders supporteu against the lockcr. Beyond him, at the extremity of the cabin, was a small hatchway, not much bigger than a man-hole, the cover of which was raised. I had not noticed that hatch before. " What has happened to Richard?" I cried, throwing myself down on my knee3 at his side, and taking his hand in both mine. He was very pale, and the pain that he had suffered, or was suffering, was not only most visibly expressed in his features, but it had forced the perspiration on to his forehead, whence it trickled as though his face were being bathed with water. "Iam afraid," he answered, giving me a smile nevertheless, "I have injured my left leg in some way. We had opened that after hatch there, and I had thrown my leg over to drop below, when I slipped and fell. I felt no pain until I endeavored to rise, and then " —here a sudden pang twisted his face, and he broke off, sayiog with a groan, "I have broken my leg, J ess." I hid my face in my hands to master the dreadful swooning feeling that again rushed upon me. I knew by the way he said, ' I have broken my leg, Jess," that he was a3 conscious of the injury he had received as though a surgeon had Seen by his side to tell him, and next to his death no worse calamity could have befallen us. Yet, even as I stood, though but for a moment or two only, with my face in my hands, there rushed upon me the feeling that everything now must depend upon my courage and fortitude and determination. It was a life-giving fancy, and in a breath, I may say, I found the strength I needed. "Don't let this fret you, Jess," said my husband; "we shall manage yet, depend upon it." " Oh, yes," said I, " my poor darling, we shall manage. And first to ease your pain, if possible, and make you comfortable," and so saying, I ran into bis berth, and brought out the mastress and pillow, which I placed upon the deck close to where he sat, and then getting bim to lean upon me I let him gently drop towards the mattress until he was upon it. He clenched his teeth until the veins stood out like cords upon his brow as I raised bis legs to bring them in a line with his body, hut not a sound escaped hip. " Where is the injury, Richard ?" I asked, '' Below the knee," he replied. There wa3 hut one way of getting at it, and that W3y by cutting through his trousers and drawers. I took a penknife from his pocket and cut with a light hand—for the Almighty had given me courage, and I do not remember that there was the least tremor in my hand—round the leg of his trousers, and by this means I exposed the portion of the leg where the injury was. He asked me to put my arm under his head to support it whilst he looked at his leg, and then said— "It is a simple frature, evidently. You can donothing.but put splints on and bandage it, Jess." To obtain bandages and splinters I fetched ■ a sheet from his berth, and tore it into slips and then cut some pieces of wood from a bis cuit box that was in the pantry, and, working with the most delicate touch I could employ, I swathed the fracture with lengths of the stout calico, and then brought the leg of his trousers up to its place again. I had noticed some wicker-protected jars in the berth where the cabin provisions were kept, and sup supposing that they contained lime juice went to mix him a drink of that refreshing cordial; but on pouring out a small quantity from one of them into a tin pannikin I discovered that the stuff was brandy. I gave him a draught, which greatly relieved him from the faint ncss produced by the heat and the pain, and then bathed his forehead and hands in a weak solution of the brandy. " Do you feel easier, my darling," I asked him. . ■ "Yes, in body Jess; but not in mind—for how are we to manage now ?" " Ob, we shall manage as you said a while ago. The weather is fine, there is not much sail on the brig, should it come on to blow, and we must pray to God that a vessel may sight us soon and relieve us." " What amisfortune! What amisfortune!" he cried, clasping his hands. "Think of me prostrate; here—helpless as any of the corpses I threw overboard this morning— with only you and Spence to handle the vessel! What is to bs the end of it? What have we done to merit these cruel blows, one following the other ? " Oh, my darling!" I cried, " don't let your thoughts run in that strain; though you are helpless in one sense, you are still with me to advise and direct me how to act." And then, seeing him put his hand to his breast, I asked him if he was in pain there. "Ro,"he answered ; "Iam sound enough in all but my leg. It struck the corner of a case ; but the rest of me fell upon a quantity of sacking or some soft stuff just behind ifc." " Rut how," said I, " did you manage to get out?" "Why Spence dragged mo up, 11 helping him with my arms and right leg. The other one trailed behind me like a warp over a ship's stern. Do you know, the splinters soothe and support it, Jess. The pain doesn't shoot so often as it did." I was greatly comforted to hear this, for dreadful as was this fresh misfortune it would have been tenfold heightened to all my senses had the pain been great and constant. I knelt down and kissed him, and again bathed his forehead; but he now begged me to go on deck and have a look round, and see if Spence kept the vessel to her course; so I left him* 1 felt to be in a dream when I quitted the shadow of the cabin and found myself in the glaring sunshine. I had had no time as yet to think; the demands upon my attention had come so fast that there had been no room for reflection. But the fierce white light of the sun, the sight of the spacious afield of water running into the remote haze of the horizon, furnished on a sudden such a tremendous significance to the calamity that had be fallen my husband, and to the probable consequences of it, that the extreme sharpness and vehemence of the realisation defeated itself and filled me with the sensation of being in an evil and harrowing dream, I very well remember standing on the main deck and looking up at the tall masts and the sails, and then gazing mechanically round the ocean and ^thinking to myself. What is to become of us ? How can tins brig be managed by two people, one of them a girl, whose strength may at any moment fail her, and leave her as helpless and prostrate as her husband? The poet says that sudden joy, like grief, confounds at first. I can answer for grief doing that. But, as in the cabin, so here, this distract ing, aye, and truly deadly confusion of mind —for madness more often than not is born of the mental condition I was then in—passed away; the mere thought that it was my husband now who had to look up to me, and whose life was in my hand, as mine had been in his down to this time, restored my old spirit to me, and breaking away from my idle, dreamy, Etaring posture, I walked aft to the wheel. "Is the cap'n very badly hurt, 'm?" en quired Spence, the moment I approached him. " Yes; he has broken his leg," I replied. " O my good God!" cried the poor fellow. " I didn't think it was as had as that. He never once groaned. I reckoned it wa3 no more than a bit of a sprain. The curse of the Lord seems on this brig. What's to be done now?" and he rolled his pale eyes about with a Icok of wildconaternation on his face. "Why, we must do the best we can," I re plied ; " there are two of us, and we shall have to keep watch and watch and relieve each other at the wheel. The captain will tell us what course to steer." "Ay, hut how'll he know?" cried Spence, out of whose face the fresh misfortunes had shocked every particle of blood, so that with his red hair and pink circles round hi3 eyea he -was every whit as ghastly, dismal, and alarming as when covered with grime and stalking out from behind the deckhouae like a ghost. " If his leg's broke, he'll not be able to come on deck and take sights." I had not thought of this; but I was re solved to let no fresh discovery in our trouble daunt me. "We must pin our hopes upon sighting a ship," I replied. "Jffivery hour, heading as we are, brings us nearer to the track of vessels bound south. And now," I added, " whilst I think of it, we may as well hoist a distress signal, for there is no telling how soon we may he within reach of a telescope. Where are the flags kept?" "In that locker, there," said he, pointing to a long box, painted black, and lashed to cleats close against the cabin bulkhead front ing the wheel. I pat all the animation I could muster into my manner, terrified lest despair should so settle upon this poor creature, whose sensibilities had been already nnen durably wrung by the horrors he had passed through, as to deprive him of all power and will to work; being well aware that this state .of mind and body is often induced among shipwrecked sailors, who, getting it into their minds that God is against them, and that all their struggles must prove useless, resign themselves to their fate, and refuse to lend a hand even when threatened with death by their comrades in misfortune for so doing. Turning over the flags I lighted upon a pretty large ensign, which 1 bent on to the peak signal-halliards—the gaff, as I have said, having been hoisted into its place—and ran the flag half-way up with the union down. The red made a bright spot of color against the blue sky, and looked an object tbat could not fail to be seen by any vessel coming within the horizon. The sight of it carried my mind back to our marriage feast, when father had jumped from his chair on hearing of the distress signal behind him; and there arose such a gush of memory as tightened my throat, and 1 had much ado to keep back my tears. But 1 had made up my mind not to yield to any further weakness, and pointing to the ensign, told Spence, with as strong a note of cheerfulness as I could throw into my voice, tbat tbat was but the first step, and that the next would be a ship bearing down to learn the meaning of it. My manner, I rejoiced to note, appeared to make him ashamed of his consternation. He said— " I never had to work with a lady before, 'm; but there's no duty you're unequal to tbat ye need mind putting on to me. I'll make a four hours' trick to your two, 'm, if ye like, and as to sleep, I reckon I can do with less than you ; and so you may arrange the watches in the way that'll please you best." " S"o, no," said I; " we'll share and share alike. I'm a woman, it is true, but I am nob afraid of doing sailor's work; and if it weren't for my clothes," said I, looking up at the spars, "I'd go aloft with you as cheerfully as I'd take the wheel. But, thanks to my has band's foresight, there'll not be much for you to do up there;" and as I said this I turned to look at the sea in the quarter whence the breeze was blowing, not yet having given any attention to the appearance of the weather. The wind had slightly freshened, and had veered a little into the north, being about east-north-east. The yards, however, were braced sufficiently forward to keep the canvas full, and that was one reason why I did not sooner notice the shift. There was just enough weight in the wind to crisp the surface of the water, and fill it with flashing points, and bright dazzling gleams of sharp clear green and white, as though it were covered with floating diamonds which were set sparkling by the run of the little foam-flecked ripples. Under such small canvass as was exposed, it wa3 not to be expected that the brig should make much headway; accordingly, she surged along over the swell very slowly, with her foresail blowing out, and then dropping in as she rolled; yet there was a sound of the seethiDg of froth forward under the bows that was pleasant to hear, and the short oil-smooth surface of wake, fringed with the snow of the foam from the cutwater, was evidence at least that we were not sationary. There was an old leather covered telescope on brackets under the after hatch or break of the cabin, immediately over the flag locker. I adjusted the focus, and finding the glass in good condition, took it on to the top of the cabin and swept the blue circle with it, not missing an inch of the circumference. The haziness yielded to the lenses, and I pene trated to where the water line met the sky; but there was nothing to be seen; no, not the merest speck or shadow of any kind upon the whole of the mighty girdle. ( To be continued) 