PHYSICAL SCIENCE AND GHOSTS. I ° [From the London Spectator.] | The" Pall Mall Gazette deprecates the inquiry into the authenticity of ghost stories promised by the " Physical Re- search" Society, for fear it should encourage sensible people to believe in ghosts. A clerical correspondent of that journal has improved on this scepticism by a small syllogism," which disposes once for all of the possibility of any scientific man believing in the existence of ghosts. Here is the syllogism :-" No really scientific observer will ever be led to believe in ghosts. Mr. A.B.C. believes in chests ; thur fore, etc -Q.E.D." This is a kind of scepticism which is more closely allied to pigheadedness than to science. It is proverbially difficult to negative ; but it is not only difficult, it is impossible, to disprove the existence of ghosts, or their occasional apparition to mortal eyes Even if it were possible (which it is not to prove that no ghost has ever appeared on earth, science, whither physical or metaphysical, supplies no calculus for the disproof of ghostly apparitions in the future. We may even go further and say that the progress of physical science has made belief in ghosts easier instead of harder. The most advanced conclu alone in regard to the laws of light and sound go to show the possibility of innumerable sights and sounds about us which may be invisible and inaudible simply because we have no organs sufficiently delicate to apprehend them. It is certain that some of the lower animals far surpass us in this respect far, indeed, in some cases, that their superiority, did we not know it as a fact, would seem as incredible as ghosts The microscope has discovered a world of organised exist fences close to us of which the naked eye knows nothing. Recent discoveries in the sphere of sound are not less startling. To put an arbitrary limit to these discoveries and declare dogmatically that" science has reached the end of its tether in such J matters is not the mark of a scientific, but rather of an arrogantly prejudiced mind. What has science to say against the existence of beings so ethereal as to be incapable of apprehension by human senses, save only under abnormal condi- tions-either by temporary exaltation of the human faculties, or by such a modification of the normal laws of spiritual substances as shall bring them temporarily within the cognisance of human senses ? Absolutely nothing. What physical beings assuming their existence moving close to us without our being aware of it. It has also been shown to be possible for one person to see sights and hear sounds of which another person, standing by his side, may be unaware. Professor Tyndall tells a story of himself and a friend riding over a Swiss pass on a sultry day. Proxies or Tyndall complained of the ceaseless noise of the grasshoppers. This was in- audible to his companion ; but he was irritated by the monotonous thud of the muleB' hoofs on the turf, which, on the other hand, was inaudible to Professor Tyndall. The ear of one was sensitive to the slow move meats of the atmospheric waves, the other to the rapid movements. May not this be the explanation of the two apparently contradictory statements made by the author of the Acts and St. Paul concerning the miracle of his conversion ? first, that his travelling companions heard not the voice that spake to him on the way to Damascus ; second, that they did hear it, but saw no man. They heard the sound, perhaps, but failed to «jatih its articulate utterance. A similar incident I is related in St John's Gospel, where Jesus gives thanks to His Father for words which sounded to the multitude like the inarticulate rumble of a clap of thunder. We are not arguing in favour of a belief in ghosts, or in the manifesta- tions of so-called Spiritualism. We are arguing against the unscientific habit of mind which would forbid, on a priori grounds, any kind of rational investigation. No doubt the vast majority of ghost stories are myths, and we have never seen any exhibition of Spiritualism which could not be explained by sleight-of-hand. But the widespread belief in such phenomena is surely a reason for enquiry rather than for a dogmatic tabooing of the whole subject. Superstition and error have never been put down by anathema ; but they have frequently before the light of impartial investigation. No believer in ghosts will be shaken in his faith by a syllogism which violates the laws of logic by begging the very point in dispute. But make the matter, as indeed it is a question of evidence, pure and simple, and we believe that but few ghost stories will stand the test. The instances are probably very few, indeed, in which a natural explanation will not account for the apparition. The nerves of the ghost seen are seldom in a condition favourable to calm and impartial scrutiny, and there are in addition disorders of the brain which project images on the retina of the eye that ore entirely subjective. Certain forms of malarious fever have this effect. We know of two instances one, that of a lady who, on the recurrence of the fever, used to see, with unfailing re- gularity, a terrace with a peacock walking on it the other, that of a nobleman who, under similar circumstances, invariably sow a sister of mercy in his bedroom. By a singular coincidence a sister of mercy did attend to him in his last illness. When she entered he exclaimed, " The men again !" and died. There is, however, a residuum of stories of a super- natural or at least preternatural character, which cannot be so easily explained away. 