CATCHIHC A GHOSf. A LANCASHIRE SKETCH About five years ago I had occasion to visit the pretty little village of B — ,' a hamlet situated a few miles on the outskirts of Man chester. Being somewhat tired, I entered the Jolly Carter Ion, and taking my place in the cosy bar parlour, sat listening to the following animated discussion, which was being carried on by a motley group of village worthies, who were gathered around the hospitable- looking fire which blazed right merrily up the capacious chimney: — Neaw, ohaps,' said an old man, who, jadging from his appearance, and the deferenee paid to him by his companions, was a person of some consideration, it's a weel-kaown fact ut th' heawse ut Owd Jack o' Turn's war murdert in is haunted. Aw shudn't bi bo sure o wot aw'm tellin' yo if it wuro'tfora rayther singular occurrence at happened t' eaur Sally in connection with Jack o' Tarn's heawse. It war th' other neet when, harm' bin t' her grondmother's ut th' other eend o' th' village, us hoo're pasBin' th' heawse aw'm speykin' abeawt, hoo lookt up t' one o' th' bedreawm windows, un wot d'yo think hoo swears hoo seed ? Why nowt nayther moar nor less then th' face o' Owd Jack o' Turn's starin' at her us if he wanted t' speyk t' her, but hadn't courage t' address her. ' 4 They never says ! was the naturally surprised ejaculation of several o the com pany, staring with wide-open eyes of astonish ment at the narrator. ' It's a fact,' was the reply of the old man. Th' moon war shining breetly at th' time, so at aw con we el believe eaur Sally at hoo wucn't mista'en i' wot hoo seed. Hoo eoom wboatn skrikin' us if th' very dule wur at her heals, telliu' us, us weel us hoo cud, wot hoo'd seed' 4 4 Dusn't think yo'r Betty met ha' bin defiaved bi th' moon ? It wur ut th' full that neet, aw remember, un tbeaw knows at it's commonly said nt rayther strange noehuns gettin' in t' folkB yeds ut that time,' was the rather sceptical speiech o ia member of tbe company who seemed to be east in a superior mould than the rest of bis companions. The old man glared at the speaker as though he would have enjoyed punching his head. 4 Aw'm noan mista'en ut aw, Billy Batter. It aw's very nice for thee, beoose theaw's had a chance o' gettin' a bit o' book larnm', t' think theaw knows mooar then owder. folks then tinsel', but aw'd rayther believe eaur Betty then twenty Billy Batters could tell mi, nehw then ! ' Keep thi hat on, Dicky,' was the reply of Billy ; 4 aw're nobbut sayin' ut« it wur just possible ut yo'r Betty war wrung i' wot hoo said hoo seed, that's aw.' 'Chus heaw is,' said the old man, 'not aw th' king's hosses nor aw th' king's men nil indnoe Sallv t' nass th' haunted — for that it's haunted aw'm us sartin sure us if aw'd seen it mUel' — heawse after neetfall, un hoo's not nat'rally a timid lass noather/ Well,' said Billy Better, 4 aw think it ud not be a bad plan if some on us went some neet to th' heawse, un stopped in o' neet, un then wi shad bi able t' tell whether it wur raley haunted or not.' None of the company, however, were willing to adopt the suggestion of Billy, and so, after some further desultory conversation upon the haunted house ana its supposed uncanny visitant, the company gradually dis persed until I found myself the sole occupant of the room. The landlord, & jovial-looking man of about forty years of age, shortly afterwards oame into the room, and from him I learned that some years before the 4 haunted' house was tenanted by a miserly old fellow, known in tbe "village as Jack o' Turn's. It was thought by everyone that he was possessed of an almost fabulous sum of ' brass,' and it whs the popular belief that the miser spent tbe time when, in county parlance, daoint folks owt t' IT bin' i' tod,' in counting bis mcfnrfy. He was ehunneti by ol a and young alike, and some even went so far as to aver i that he had dealings wi' th' Owd Lad,' One morning he was found dead upm the house floor a terrible gash upon his forehead showing that th9 wretched man bad been most foully mnrJered. Further search revealed tha fac: that robbery hai been tbe object of the murder 'r or murderers, as all the faroir.ura, dfc iweri, and every available place which could by any possibiiity be con strued into a- hi iiog-pldoe for naoney, was bnoeked f»biuc, and lay scattered about iu all directions. No trace of the man or men who had cut sh-jic the earthly Career of the miser W33 ever discovered, and to this day remains among the many instance? of undiscovered crimes. f hanking the landlord for hia courtesy in telling me the history of the (apposed to be) haunted houBe, I left the ion, fully deter mined, if possible, to visit the home, and, by pasriz-.g a niilit in it. see for myself whether the spirit of the murdered man really haunted the scone of his earthly habitation. Procuring a dark lantern and a few boxes of matches,.! wended my way ia th-j direction of Jack o Tarn's 'he-ivse.' A living there, I wasn't long before 1 was cautiously explor ing the lower portion of the house. Creeping stealthily upstairs, I cama upon a room which seemed to me to be rather more comfortable than the others, and here I determined to keep my solitary vigil. An old mo:h-eaien sofa reclined in a cmner of the room, and, despite the UDinvit ing aspect of my prospective resting phice, I der mined to pass the night upon the eofa. Stretching myself at full length upon it, and placing my overcoat upon me, I prepared to await whatever might befall me. I felt utterly worn out, having walked a consider able distance that day ; so, having taken the precaution to leave my lantern lighted, so as to be prepared for all emergencies, I felt myBelf gradually succumbing to tbe soft, alluring influences of Morpheus. I mut have slept some length of time, when I was suddenly awakened by tbe souod of some thing falling heavily upon the floor beneath the one in whioh I was. I sat up. my ears anxiously strained to catch a repetition of the noise I had heard. Despite my heroic resolve to solve the mystery of the haunted house, I felt a carious sensatiou at my heart, my most conscious feeling being a wish that I had taken up my quarters at the Jolly Carter instead of the room I now occupied. However, in county parlance, ' having made my bed,' I must perforce 4 lie upon it;' in other words, 4 faetf out whatever might now happen to me.' Soon I heard what were undoubtedly footsteps move oautiously about, and my hair began to show a decided inclination to 'stand. like the quills of the fretful porcupine upon my head when tbe ' ghost,' or whatever it was, began to ascend the stairs leading to my room. Now or never I thought, was the time to act, and, leaving my ' coach,' I prepared to meet my ghostly visitant. Picking up my lantern, I was in the act of advancing to the door, when a sudden gust of wind blew out the light, leaving me where Moses was supposed to be when the candle 4 went oat.' I was not to be baulked, despite my rathe; unfortunate predicament, aud so, creeping stealthily to the foot of tho stairs, I missed my footing, hitting in my sudden descent a solid substance which had all the nsnal characteristics of a human body, particularly as the said 'body' began to use language which, to say the least of it, was very profane. Instantly I felt myself grappled by the throat, and, before I could clearly realise my condition, found myself borne to the ground, the ' ghost ' (evidently stronger than your humble servant) sitting upon my chest and holding me by the throat' in a most uncom fortable grip. ' G good God 1' I family ejaculated; 4 am I to be murdered in oold blood ? Help I help 1 help !' 4 Aw'll hplp thee, MeBtur Ghost !' yelled a voice which I recognised as belonging to Billy Batter, the young man who, it will be remembered, was rather sceptical in the matter of Betty having seen Jack o' Turn's ghost, as related by Dicky her father, in the J'oll? Garter bar parlour. 4 For heaven's sake, man!' I gasped, 'get" off my chest, aud then I shall be able to explain the mistake we have evidently fallen into.' Billy did sd, and picking up his lantern, whioh, unlike mine, had not got extinguished, he scanned my features. 4 By George I' he exclaimed, if it isn't th' stranger aw seed t'-neet at th' Jolly Carter! But heaw did yo' findyo'r way here, mestur?' I then told him ihat, being anxious to dis cover whether there was really any truth in the existence of the ghost or not, I had taken up my abode there for the night. Billy informed me that his object in being there was precisely of a similar nature. He had seen the reflection oast by my lamp as he was entering the house, and having fully made up his mind that the supposed ghost had paid one of his nocturnal visits, had de termined to settle the matter one way or the other. The noise I had heard — and whioh had aroused me from my slumbers — was caused by Billy stumbling over a block of wood whioh lay directly in his way. in the kitchen. Billv had wiselv nrovided himself with a bottle of whisky and a number of ham sandwiches, and with these we regaled our selves until the time when, the Jolly Carter Inn being opened for another day's business, we hastened there, and were soon entertain ing mine host and hostess and the early customers assembled in the bar parlour with our efforts to 4 lay' the ghost ! The next day I returned to, Manchester; but from that day to this I have never forgotten the agony of the time when I thought I was about to face a real live gbost for the first time. 