L AST issue we hinted that there was to be a no-confidence motion in tlie Assembly on " general grounds," the principal one being that this Ministry has had a long " innings." This is supposed to be » list ot the twenty-four noses countable^for the occasion against the Government, 1namely— Messrs. Basedow, Bean, Bosworth, Bower, Bright, Bucknall, Carr, Colton (leader), Coles, Eraser, Hardy, Henning, Howe, Kingston, Landseer, Mattinson, Mortlock, Plavford, Eouneevell, Stirling, Symon.Tomkinson, King^ and Wardy We do not answer for tlie correctness of this list in any respect. B LUNT is under the impression that in that list there are at least four expectant Ministv rs of Education ; five Commissioners of Public "Works -, five Commissioners of Crown. L uids ; iwo or three Treasurers; two Attorneys General; and four or five Chief Secretaries! UT this is Blunt's tip -that the Ministry B will go through the session, and live to see the Legi«l^tiye,QopiiciHhro\v out the. Taxation Scheme j-lwitt live to Tiring in the original New Zealand plan ; and will live to go to the country upon it! T HE • 'question , of Protection : to .local industries is^to be •forced on the attention of the Cabinet through tlie Hpn, ;the Treasur. r. >'ow will be the time fOf'the Hon. the Premier to disclose his personal .sentiments and'lnsmfluehce iii tbe Cabinet.. N our last issue some sullicientiy strong I - remarks were made ar.ent Mr. Bower's alleged apathy in his place in the Legislative Council in respect of the shunting contract. It if only fair to our senior member to refer to the fact that in tlie business paper far tomorrow (Wednesday) he has given notice of motion—"That copies- <>f tenders, for shunting at the Adelaide and Port Railway, and all correspondence relating thereto, by. laid on the table of the'"'Housed"" "When this is done the public will have the opportunity of seeing both sides of the" question. T HE other day the Hon. the Treasurer said that the Government had very carefully considered the question of establishing a national bank, but had been unable to decide upon it. It-would-have thrown some interest around the question bad Mr. Coglin been permitted to-.jywe appended his usual snapping and somewhat irritating demand —- " If not, why not?" Of course, Mr. Treasurer would have been bound to have either evaded a direct reply, or he would have given one. sufficiently vague to have answered the aims of .diplomacy. Bat, in Mr. Coglin's absence, Ave respectfully ask, why not? OES the Hon. Mr. Glydo shut his eyes to D the fact that a bank of issue, established by the Government under the authority" of 'Parliament, with power to place in the hands of the public £1 national notes to the extent of a million of money, would l)o a very great convenience to all concernod ? And can he pem-ivc any real danger to the public, or those who represent it in what is called the Government, if a bank of Tssue with unredeemable notes to the assumed value of say £1,000,<)(s0._ w^r/}; brought into operation ? Would it not in practical- effect permanently increase the operative capital of tlio colony,"and be found veiy useful 5s a medium of exchangeamongst us, quite as negotiable and quite as safe as any bank note now in circulation by the banW of the colony—from which indeed" the national note would in ho material sense differ, .save in being perhaps the .more popular note of the' twain. At the present moment quite a large number of orders on the Treasury are issued, and they are received every ' where with unquestioning confidence* in their legal value; why then, should there be,, any, g«ep.t obstacle in the way of a Jiatioiiai'!li£ukif |ssu0^i . ; Blunt, just ^lapeing over t' " somefcliiiig about Ifie , influence in the legisl&ftfflrg;'&ut; the Editor promptly <J3.hr fQ* Qifent is sometimes rather indiscreet. ESTERDAY two big racing Sweep swindles were burst in Me1bourne } the romoters, after bagging £6,000 or therebouts, having suddenly disappeared. After his there will be a virtuous distrust for a ime, then renewal of confidence, and then nlimited trust or there is no truth in istorv ; . . For the benefit of bouth ustralian victims (if any) the names were ho "Locos" Sporting Club and the Spero otalizator Company. . . HE Port Augusta paper, in a manner child- like and bland, asks how it is that there has been no public enquiry into the cause of the collision at "Woolshed .Flat; and expresses itself strongly on the subject of enquiry being "burked." Bless its dear heart! Does it not know that the whole policy of the honorable the present Commissioner of Public 'Works- is in the direction of peace at any price, and that he utterly abhors tho impertinent publicity to which the Press is "prone. "What, pray, has the public to do with the conduct of railway officials, from the highly-salaried chicfs, deputy-chiefs, deputy deputy ditto, inspectors, and deputy deputy ditto, down to "common porters" and signal-men ?" What ? Why to pay them, and let them manage for us 'as they please. Let us rest assured the Commissioner is well advised to wash dirty clothes at home. with.-locked doors find -blind- covered 'windows, or there would sum to bo results inconvenient to somebody. . . • Besides in the multiplicity of offices, divisions, -and sub-divisions of authority, see T 1^ trouble to find out who "was responsible for that £4,000 ; damfte'o ? .. ESPITE- depreciatory comments upon D the meeting on Monday night to establish a Working Men's Club, in Adelaide, we are prepared to contend that it was a fairly satisfactory initiation of a good movement. It will have the sympathy of a, largo number, of ' thoughtful artizkns, and iwill we hope have in its own elements sufficient strength to ! cohere. As a matter of fact these projects do not usually, exhibit lasting success, and that principally Jbecause the members are not loyal to themselves and their order, and are too apt to rely for patronage and financial support upon wealthy leaders of society. Perhaps there is less of that sort of thing in tho Port than any other place in the colony, and bonce our Svprkiiig men's,institutions are healthy and successful. The new movement has our best wishes. . QUPPOSING it true : that.Major Pergusson 'ij wants to get back to this colony, wo may ask what .shall we do with him if he conies ? ' Ho has grgF' 1 s0 confoundedly and pronouncedijr^b^servativo in his views whilst ho has -lbs£|tjw5 protection of tho institutions of Miis.c^'^^that he will want some, sort of -^^l^u^'to modevateiani before he can coinfoi'4ab|y 'flMil nny. nook here. Blunt is afraid that' thist&lony; is not, fond of conservatism and people who deify Beaconslipld and abuse the Grand Old Man, and Major. ' Pergusson commits both sins with gushing sincerity. .' . . But wo may keep Our .powder dry 'the svacancy which the gallant Major soxight to fill is not yet available,-;: : wehavo still Colonel Downes with us, who is .not particularly,^ conservative, nor indeed particular^' anything else. NE of our Melbourne contemporaries has O mado such-au onslaught on Mr. Todd, C.M.Gr., our ti-ilfity and well- beloved'chiefof our Telegraph system, that his nervous system ought to be in a shocking state. It accuses the telegraph officials in Adelaide of being arch- blunderers, and says— , The iriajdrity of the mutilations which occur in London messages also seem to be due to the Adelaide telegraph officials. This appears almost •increditable, considering th^t ,tb|„ messages from -Europe have to pass through fviaiiy offices in which English is not spoken, bi^t. it ifttyjverthplpss tlie case. For the informatiwi[of 6ui4i^derss»e eriuinerate the route ofrcdblc mCSjftgfe f/ofiiTjOikIoh ti>' Melbourne :—From London , rto J?ettzauce, from Penzance t<£lis*>tW, fmA LifelM ib T5ibVAltar, from Gibraltar via Malta^toAlex^da.jEcflW Alexandria to^uarf^yteul^fOwbfloWA,^ Bombay, frcftir TOMIyt5~B!adFa8, from Madras to Penang, fit)m Penang to Singapore, from Singapore to Banjoewangie, from Banjoewangie to Palmerston (Port Darwin), from Palmerston to Adelaide, and from Adelaide to Melbourne. Occasionally messages are forwarded by the overland route via^Constantinople, Persia and Bombay, but in either case they have to pass through a lar?e number of foreign offices, and, generally speaking, they come through correctly, the mistakes occuring at the Australian stations. As before stated, the Aftrlairtr, n/HMals are the most culpable, and the manifestly careless and negligent manner in which they perform their duties tends only to one conclusion, that the Adelaide office needs a thorough reorganisation. HEUE must be a. sad declension frotn T latter-day nonconformity theory in the case of the Rev. W. P. Fletcher, who has listened to the warbling seductions of ' the congregational voice, and consented to weat his university gown." The sermon wasx) better thau usual, the preacher not more earnest or comfortable, the congregation no more devout; but this terrible conformity fc> the world, this yielding to pomps and vanities will surely brinsr its own retribution Henceforth Mr. Fletcher may expect to be haunted by ghosts of departed worthies of the ultra puritanical type, headed J).v ftev. T.. Q. Stow, in terrible wrath at this departure from the path of strict ijpnconformity, TVATjPY of a disgraceful kind is popularly supposed to be confined to in- R tensely bitter religionists ; but at Yongala it nppeavs to extend to competing Sawbones. A telegram tells us of the delny ^ -- hours jrt thp interment of a cornso through the jealousy of two rival surgeons, to the great disgust and grief of attendant frierwfe ; nnf? relatives f of fhe • -'loecafv"!. An indig-' jnation meeting is "cailed^'and th^j scoji/lal will bo rolled out and served up by the iseveral speakers to tlie great delight of Yongala and a pleasant-minded public. ."TTTTC have some excellent preachers in the | V V Port district: which of them is it that may be credited with reading so that meaning is hidden, with speaking without" inflection of voice, and with singing through his nose? E very warmly commend *Mr. G-eorge W Coppin's example to some of our wealthier citizens, whose riches have so increased that they have no room where they may bestow their floods.' ' Mr. Coppin has seen enough .in the back slums'of-Melbourne to set him thinking, andlie has resolved to work a reform in respect of over-crowded dwellings. He has secured a site at the top of Little Bourke-street," . and .when the building now in hand is complete 1, it will . hold 375 bods, of which 105 will be let at Is. each, and 270 at fid. each. In each case lavatories and other conveniences will be supplied. There will also bo a cooking room, a smoking room, a wash house, a fumigatiu'i-room, a library, and other things • ossential to'modest:comfort.. This lodginghouse. is .only a part of a largor scheme. When carried out in its entirety, a number of working men's cottages will bo available for families that have now to put up .with accommodation of the mo=>t scanty " and insufficient kind. Mr. Ooppiu showed ail appreciation of the fitness of things in dedicating tho building .to-the lu>v. Chnrles Strong, whose work in connection 'with the poor of Melbourne will, not soon bo forgotten. IS Worship the Mayor of Adelaide has H gone to Para Wurlie, like a second Jason in search of the golden fleece. Let us hope that not only did he have a clipping voyage in tho clipper oii Saturday, but that lie will have a splendid clip in the Arcadian, groves whithor he.iias" wfiuded, , ^ Q TvTE of our Mount Gambier contempo- " rarios mentiou^tljQjCurj^bjrpr. Parker, of tho local h ?l 3mkl pf,;^ case ox nyatttidst Wo .have heard recentlyX that the iastitjition itself was-sadly in neea^ of ja cure; perhapa.tlia^ofcthyKdoctor 1 wouid«c not m in d turning hi^.afrteutiojifto^hatwhichv'". if we remember rightly, is by no means a new case. 