BICKERS THE BLOWER. **-- .?.-(...?t.Concluded -.? .... . The next day I had expected Alfred Mar. son would send me a message to be in the ~.churcJhin;.th evening-it was-Friday, and he always practised on a Friday night-but 'dI heard nothing from him. Later on I was ILbtold he got up early and started for a long . walk, taking the miller's dog with him; later ,o~n still, when it was dark, I thought I would walk over to the church and make fL quite sure I was not wanted, and he was not :o waiting. 'He was not waiting, but a woman a- was, and cowering away in the shadows of the porch, thinking that my old eyes would not see hr,-asif-they-were not as strong as ever-so for as distance was concerned-as if any of my faculties were failing me ! Coelid'the vicar's wife have stolen out to wait Wesr him'there, by appointment, too? To put him on his guard against me, perhaps to make .him a-bitter foe of mine, and one who could kill me if he liked, and if he thought -i my .being very silent was the only way to : make things safe. It was a woman hiding in 1'"the shadows there, at any rate, and I advan cod toward her. ' She did not steal out and run away across the churchyard, as Ithought she would; she , kept very still, although seeming to go fur ,.,ther and further back into the dark doorway, :aas if-I thought, at least-she was preparing S.for a spring. A spring at me-perhaps it was 1-.IMrs. Tyke, who would have weighty reasons for: watching for me-for silencing me by sr ome sure blow. \--r stopped afew feet from the porch, and said, ''Who's hiding there? Come out .1 "see you well enough." . And then there came out alowly and linger. ingly-Clara Eggleton. " What are you a-doing here, Clara?" I asked; ."this isn't a place for you just -ne? w.;, ..... , "Isn't it holy enough!" she asked, with an uncomfortable little laugh. " Could I '' have been foundt in a better, place,.except ' there 1",ahe"tsaid, pointing to the churich , tard,' and' that'swh'eri I" shosild like to ':You needn't talk like that; there's pleny of time, girl-it will coeme.'!--. ,. .. ; . ". Oh I but not soon enough." - -.!You're in a hurry, you are."'' r ." Where's Mr.; Maraon " ahd inquired " Idon know."' lias.' he bees away all .d.y;·and?wfi.ha ;he 'been with?' That's.what I want to know. That's what I will know I" she cried. ' ( "Steady. Clara, steady. What's the mat-' ,.ter with* you?.' I inquired;' "and what's \- AlfredMarson got to do with youn?" ' - "Oh, nothing," she replied; "he'satoo fine and grand a gentleman' for old "'de Eggleton's daughter- though he made pre. "tence he wasn't once. He would have likeld me" to think he was head-over-heels id lode ivith md if. I had been fool enough to trujt , him. Brt lwasn't., I did not care.for him ;a.when I: kuew what game he was after herero i,,notI I:;;L hated-him then-I wished he was -dead-and 'I:was dead--and s was'dead. e: Oh,.yesu h,. first of the lot'of them I' ' I "She-who?" .' .' :'. -. ' ? " Oh,.don' °taskan questions. You're al old man, but you don't know half the wicked ness there is in the world-half the awful wickeads;there is in Whangdale Scar. Not yon-'-tiftdl old foxas theysay' ousae. And where's he gooefl'-he cried again. " Who?" "Af lfed Marreoa.. Hs he gone to meet a finer womainin than I am-one who loves hiss ever so much better?, Are they going t6 plan how to get away; as they -have'-Lei -doing?!. If he has-if he has," she shriekedt "it-wil:be the worse'for' both of them,' a -God's my livingjudge s I won't spare either -see if I'do;.'You, Humpihrey Bickers; bhoa thalin mind for ever." ? If I did not' know you better Clara, I hould, think you had been drinking," I rei ,marked. - - "Shdold'yoi?" -' Won't, you tell me what's the matter ,What do,you want to say to Alfred Marson? Why are you waiting for him here!" ' I,: ý'L'won't tell you. I won't trust anybody~ '1 haven't anybody who cares for ine, and I'll do as I like, and act as I like, mark that I 'Y6ni on't have to wait long for the truth it will beall over the village; ah I and a long w'ay s.it the village, too. I spare nobody ? SAnd with this tast outcry, she went on, ,more like a mad thing than a miller's daugh. .ter.; and I noticed that she did not go on along the high road, but turned away toward the river,'like the'desperategirlshe was that 'night. Ieet? home. with my brain in a whirl. ,Then, was.Clara Eggleton in lore with the organist .too, and. considering herself a alighltedwoman, and so a woman very ripe for miichief! She would keep no secret she would tell the vicar all that she, watch. ,ful''and jealous, had discovered for herself, and 'thenthte trgely would begin. I had better tell her all I knew, and tak cous1el twith her how to foil Matrson; perhaps shes 'iv6bld have cooled down by the time she had reached home, and she and I could talk it -T~er quietly. At all events, I might give her -a hint that I was not so much in the dark as she fanciedl-Iwas, ,.; She could get home more quickly by the river; she would be home before me, I houht,'but h'e was not. I waited half an bor - talking to- Eggleton; all a waste of ine,': for he was always muddled after dark: and then I gave up the attempt, and went home to Mrs. Bickers, thinking that a day 'ould not matter much to anybody. But it The next day I knew that something had happened in the night at Whangdale Scar. I believe I knew it had happened before I saw thd frst:seared face that morning, for a dog had been yelping in the distance all night; anidIivoke uppwith the creeps, awful. Mrs. Bickrks'said I was quite cheerful until I got into the Iligh road, and that this was all my fancey afterwards; but then Mrs. Bickers was always aggravating. I know I had a foreboding, and well I might have had, con sidering the goings-on of Clara Eggleton, and how sh-flared about the churchyard. And when-I- looked up the village street, I gues "led my foreboding had come true. It was ra!siig hard, but the people were all stand ing abioti bareheaded, as if it warssummer time,. and the women were making more nioHethan the men, and flinging up their arms and trying all at once to tell what had occured.. ",And what had occurred ? Ah II knew soon enough. Tho first one irho came to me was Spinks, a poor. fright sinal tailor, with his hair on end. tie told iste that'Alfred Utlarson had been found dead in theoiver, with Efggleton's dlog howling on the"bink, as heo been howling hour after houri with people who hal heard him in the village wondering what was the matter, just as I had ilone, not thinking whose animal it was, and fancying someone was about to peg out somewhere, and the ldog know all about it as dogs do-as this one certainlycdid, hay. in"seen Alf Marson die, having been his companion all the day, and coming in at the death; as I may say, sure enough. They had glkni Marson's body out of the river, and ciarriea it to Eggletons, where Clara was crying and shrieking over it like a mad thing.'The people at the post-office said they could hear her plainly, and they were a good half mile from the mill, if they were half a ard). There was a tremendons stir in Whingdale Sear, you may be sure, for we were quiet folk, hnd had never had a " good cEhe" befoire? 'within the memory of man. Nothing in the shape of a sensatioin hd begr weth'uas for nigh on thirty years, and then a tourist fell off the Grey Tor, and disappointed all of us by only breaking his leg, and going away next morning in a cart; but this was real, downright murder, not a doubt of it. They might try to make it out an eaocideity that he had slipped in the dark and fallen in, slipped, unfortunately, where the banks .were fifteeon feet above the river, and where the river was broken by great boulders, which split the stream into cascade and waterfall-but I knew better, though I am old enough to hold my tongue. I can't say I had much sympathy with Alfred Marson's sudden drop from life, for I had never liked the man, and I bhIa been a witness to the harm he wished to do and meant to do if possible. lie would have made shipwreck of a peaceful home, and I, for one, was not sorry he was gone. "I think it served him right" I mattered as I took my turn to look at him-all Whangdale Scar went into the miller's house, rank and file, to look at him-and Clara Eggleton glanced up at once and shook her fist at me. Actually shook her fist, as if I had no right to myown opinion on the matter, although I had certainly not intended any one to hear me. I was twenty yards from the door, when she came after me and gripped me by the arm, startling me dreadfully, as I had not heard her sneaking up behind. It was the night time again. I don't like looking at dead ones in the daylight; they're much too yellow and staring for me at my age now; bhut with a light upon them they are rather interesting-I don't know why, but they are. " Humphrey, Humphrey Bickes !" Clara Eggloton said suddenly in my ears. " I have got a word or two to say to youe." "Save us ! how you made me jump." " 'believe you killed him-do you hear !" she hissed forth spitefully; "yen always hated him, and you were out late last night. You came to the mill late." "To see you. And you were out later still, Clara." ' "Ahl ! I was What has that to do with it?": " " "You forget." "Why did you say it served him right!" shecrield.; " o dare yoib say it, you ter rible old wretch I What harm had he over done to yofi!"" ' - ? I . ;' " To me--nothing. But I can't be sorry for one blackguard the less, Clara." i "Yo~ kinew all, then" '' "Didn'tyou tell me yourself last night!" " Oh, last night was such a long time ago," she whispeied, "and' so much has happened since In:Bat 'yon knew it all before," she added. "I'knew he was making love to the par. son's wife-yes." '"And you killed him, Humphrey-you were always sly and' malicious and cruel. And." she exclaimed, "I'll hive the law of yoiil 'And if you did not kill him.'she did -for shb was last'night in the valley." "Good Lord! you don't say that"' "I saw her myself-going to meet him. ,It was'all a' planned thing that they shonld meet." " "Did you watch her?" . "I tried;" she answered gloomily, "but I missed her." " Clara Eggleton," Isaid, " you had better go back home, and keep a still tongue in your head. I shan't say anything myself ; and as I was not near the place, no one will think of me. But you-if you are not very careful Clara- may come quick to the gallows." " I'may II wholoved him so, who would have died for him at any moment-I -!"'she raved again' '' " "'You 'forget what you told me last night in'the church pbrch,"I reminded her. "What did I say!" she asked evasively'; "I was half mad-quite mad-I don't re member." r - S"You wished he was dead : and yon said if he had 'gone to' meet young Mrs. Tyke it would be the worse for both of them, and you would not spare either of the two." S"I did not say that-oh I did not say that, Humphrey-did I?" "More than that," I added. "You said I shouldn't have to wait for the truth long, it would be soon over the village, and past the village, too. You were a wild woman, Clara." "As well T might be I" she said sadly; "but Heaven knows I did not know what I was saying." "I hope you know what you were doing, and-God forgive you if you didn't." "Oh, yes, I ece now-you would put it all on me." " Not' for worlds. But I know you killed Alfred Marson. And I don't know," I added, "that I blame you. I'll think that over presently." "My God I" She stopped as if struck into stone, and I went homeward to think it over as I had promised. And I did not blame her mach had I been the judgo to try her, ['should have let her off. For she had loved this man, and he would have led her wrong had it been in his power. I dare say. for all his nonsensd with the other one. A regular bad man. There are plenty about, I dare say, who get on better than Maroon, the organist, who was always a clumsy fellow, with all his cleverness. And the other one ! She was not seen in the village : she did not quit the parsonage till after the inquest, and the verdict of ascidental death had been recorded-what more natural than that a man should lose his footing in the dark, and slip from a steep bank into a mountain stream? They said at the parson's house that she was lying very ill, and doctors from London had been sent for. I saw the vicar every day ; he did not seem distressed in mind about his wife, but talked calmly of church matters with me, and of the new organist who was coming in Alfred Marson's place. And when they buried Alfred Maraon in the churehyard, the vicar read the service more impressively than I should ever have given him credit fordoing, he being an awful reader at most times, and worse at the prayers and lessons than at his sermons. He was thinking of his wife all the time, I belieove-for she was on his mind, for all his being so quiet about it; perhaps she had raved of Alfred Marson in her delirium, and he had guessed the truth of it. For he said to me very quietly, " We shall never have much an organist as that Marson as poor Marson," he added, by way of cor' rection. "No, sir." " Mrs. Tyke's illness I put down to Mar. son's death," he said thoughtfully: "it was a great shook to her. She liked Marson-he was a bit of a gentleman." "A bit-perhaps." "You didn't like him, Bickers ?" "No, sir, I ean't say as I did." " Well, we must not think ill of him now, if we can help it," said Mr. Tyke; "and he was an excellent organist. Mrts. Tyke was never tired of listening to him." " Very likely not." "Used to come at all kinds of odd times when he was practising, and hide about the church and listen to his playing even, she tells me. Did you ever see her, Bickers ?'" "Once, sir. That's all." " Only once I She was there a great many times, she says. Oh, and, by the way, she has expressed na wish to seeyou. I had nearly forgotten that," he said. " To see me, air !" "Yes, very odd that it-but it is so." " Bles my heart to see me, now? Dearee me." "And the doctor says she must be kept very quiet, and not see anybody but me and the nurse," he continued; "and we have told her, just to deceive her a little, that 'havgloneo.up to LondOnno basineu., Bickers." "Very go?d;?ir."' "I hate deception ; I can't forgive decep tion in any form as a rule, but this is a mat ter of life and death." S Yes, sir. ... . ...... - "And she cannot possibly want to see you in reality--can she? ' 1 I don't see why she should," I answered thoughtfully. "No; it's too ridiculous." he murmured, as he went away. "To me it's a very bad sign of mental weakness." I did not look upon it in that light. I thought there might be even a reason why his wife would like to see me, especially if she was going to peg out, as I thought she was. As everybody thought she was very shortly after that, for she grew worse and worse, and more doctors came from London to shake their heads over her, and pronounce her case hopeless. They were all full of her illness in the vil lage, for we all liked her very much, had been all indebted to her for her sympathy, and the poorer ones for her charitable help. No one but myself associated the death of Alfred Maroon with her illness, but I felt sure myself his death would be the cause of hers. And I took good care that no oneelse should know it, not oven Mrs. Bickers. Pre sently, to my amazement, and much more to Mrs. Bickers' amazement, Mrs. Jodson sud denly came into our cottage. "Well, of all the effrontery- " Mrs. Bickers had began to say, Mrs. Bickers being naturally quick when Mrs. Jodson was the subject. But Mrs. J. dashed into explanation and a shower of tears and sobs together. "You're wanted at the vicarage, Humph. rey-you must come-she will see you." "Who will see him?" asked Mrs. Bickers; "why can't you leave him alone between you all And if you call my old man Humphrey again, 'll-" "My mistress wants to see him. She's dying-oh l I'm afraid she's dying. Don't wait, Bickers, but come on." And away dashed Mrs. Jodson again. Mrs. Bickers nearly recovered theo use of her limbs in her astonishment, and sat bolt upright in bed. " Whatever can Mrs. Tyke want to see you about!" " I'll tell you when I come back," I said but I norer told her; I never told a living soul till this day, and now it's off my mind, although till the last of us have pegged out it must be wrapped up and hid away. That's understood between me and you, sir-you, the new vicar of this place.' I went to the parsonage. I was shown into a house where everything seemed muffled. I caught sight of Mr. Tyke in his study, and I saw him looking at me as I went up stairs, although he did not leave his seat to say " Good evening." I was shown into a dimly lighted bedroom, where lay Mrs. Tyke-oh I so white and thin-and where a nurse was watching. "Oh, here heis at-last,"the faint-voice said from the bed. "Please go away-please all of you to go away- yon have promised me. You do not forget that it's a promise." "Very well, ma'am. Should you want anything," said the nurse, looking at me very attentively, "please ring the bell." When I was left alone with her, she beck. ,oned me to come close to the bedside. I don't think; I should have known he had I met her in'the village. "What a time you have been away in Lon don I"' she said, reproachfully. - "No-yes, ma'am. Along time it seems, I dare say." "To me-yes," she. replied, "because I thought you were not coming back-that you had rin away--escaped.' "Escaped I" I answered. "Bickers," she said, almost imploringly, "you 'did not kill him, did you 1" I knew whom she meant, and what was on her mind, poor lady. "No, Mrs. Tyke, I never touched him," I answered back. "You said, if you were strong enough to do it, you would kill him like a rat You said it, Bickers, on my soul you did," she exclaimed. "There, there, good lady, don't get ex cited over me. I never had the chance, if I ever had the wish." " Will you put your hand upon the Bible there, and say, 'so help you God, you never killed Alfred Marson'-will you ?" she said, eagerly. I walked toward a little Bible, handsomely bound in a violet velvet cover, the Bible which she used to take to church with her, and put my wrinkled hand very firmly upon it. "So help me God, I never killed Alf Mar. son," I said very clearly and without a quiver in my voice. She drew a deep breath of relief. " I am so glad-so very glad and happy now," she murmured. A" Thank you, Bickers; I believe you-I am sure you tell the truth. He died by accident, then; poor fellow-poor fellow I" I did not tell her of Clara Eggleton. I was very careful of her. She motioned me to come close to her side again. "I think you saved me,.Bickers, she whispered; "I think you did, talking of my little children, for, though I loved him very much, I loved them more, I found; and I told him it would kill me for them to know, when they grew up, what a bad mother they had had. He understood me, and we said good- bye for good-for ever and for good. It was on that very night he died." "You were-there, then?" "Yes. He would never have played again at church had he lived. He was going away for my sake." a He had killed himself, I fancied now; but I would not trouble her with that now, though he had said he might. "My poor husband has never dreamed of the wicked thoughts I have had and have left behind me, Heaven be thanked," she said; "and he never will. You will keep my secret, Bickers, and no one else will dream of it. And presently getting stronger, as I hope I shall-as I will, for hlis sake, if I can now--I shall be so different a woman, and make him so much happier. Go, now, and-" she paused awhlile for breath, then said : "And take that Bible with you, for my ako. For your own, too-to remember this night by. As a keepsake, if you will, from the old mistress, should she die. Good night. Call nurse." I stole from the room, Bible in hand, and on the landing-placo outside found Mr. Tyke waiting. Ithought it was his ghost at first, he looked so dreadful. "What did she want! what did she want to say to you ." he asked, in a hoarse whis. per. "I have been trying to listen, butI aanot heard a word." "I can't tell you, sir. I have promised not to telL" "Tut, tot," he said, drawing me further away, "I found out everything-everything about Marson and her, though she never guessed I did, and I never said a word to her. Iknew she was a wife always to be trusted. And I always knew you knew I was in the organ-loft that winter morning. "Good Lord !" "And, for that Lord's sake, what did she say ?" he asked solemnly. "There shall be no more mystery. What did she say ?" I held the violet-bound Bible out to him. I shaUll never forget how he glared at it and stepped back. " IdIl you pul your h..d upaon the Jible thelre, and say, so help you God, ,ou neor killed Alf Marsion That's whataho said, sir." SBut he had not heard me to the end. He had rushed at me and put his hand over my month. ' - tuah,hbushlshe wil'lsear you," he oried. "I will not take an oath"like that I will not. What made you-you think-I did it?" I did not answer then. I saw it all now, from beginning to end, the lot of it. "I khw- you' did it, Mr. Tyke'" I answered back in his ear, "but I shall never tell." "You were watching mo, then! And you -" He could not go on. "Thank you, thank you, Bickers, for keeping it quiet--ior sparing me." Then he shook hands with me for the third time in his life, and motioned me to go. I was going away when he called me back again. "What did she want with'you 1'' he said again; "you have not told me now." "To ask if I had killed him. To make me swear I hadn't."? " Ah I yes, I see. I had thought it all out, and it seemed to me then,' he added, in' a lower whisper still, "thatitwould be batter for the children's sake -and the mnother's and mine, that he should go!' " And he went."' " God help me-.yes," he muttered. The nurse came flitting up the stairs,: and looked from him to mes if she doubtod'one of us. "Good night, sir," I saidin a loud tone; " I hope to see the mistress up by Christmas time." And it was a lucky wish, for I did see her better and stronger before they left Whangdale Scar and went to live' abroad; where he died almost as soon as he got there, I am told. "Thank you, Bickers, thank you," he an. swered loudly back, and in his own old tone of voie; "and good night toyou."-F. IV, Robinson isBelgravia. 