ODD NOTES. , -.? '. ,BT A BOHEMIAN. (From The WeeV.} ? i - : The Intercolonial Oonforonoo of Australian . *tatesmon hold its final sitting lust Tuesday, ao ? 'the Sydnoy tol'grams say. Our Postmastor Gonefel wns not in at tho flejth. Ho cleared a ,.,xew dajs previously, for parts unknown. An .„' intercolonial conference of tho Australian states .,, ,,jnanJtype is not a thing that one can take much oj' of. at a time. Tho pace is too severe, This one was ostensibly to consider, tho propriety of tno'Governmonta -oE thoeo colonies joining tho Postal Union. O£ courso tho .members of tho conference ?could notagree. Queensland backed ? ou'i when it camo to tho pinch. They very rarely do ngrco at thesj conferences upon, on1' joint action for objects of tho least practical iinpor-' r tanco, and whon thojr do, one or other of the Parliaments of tho Bovoral colonies invariably. rofusos t) ratify what its roprcsontativb Minis ter has dono I used to wondor what upon earth was tho us j. of such meetings, seeing tha. they always and invariably ended in smoke-. ? A.' friend of mine, a sharp . follow who can seo into ''a millstone as far as here and thsra'ono, assures ,'ine thftt the only real object of theso conferences ?is to afford a colourable exe'uso for Ministers '. of the Grown to.go on the sproo for a couple of ?weeks or soj in Sydney and ' Melbourne alter-. ? n&tely.; It is a nice outing for Now Zealand, \- Queensland, South Australian, andTasmanian, Minister! of tho Crown at tho oxpeLBO of tho; States whi-jh havo tho honour to bo roprosonted by them, and affords a plensnnt break in the. monotony of official routino to the statesmen of; 'Bew South Wales and 'Victoria, whichever, capital the cpriferonao maysit'ih Thcroia a. good do jl of force, mind you, in this. It throws ' quite a flood of light on one part,' of the pro . -ceedinga at theso conferences which boforo.was lather obssuro. For instance, no.irly every day ?while tho late conference wa3 sitting the tele. ' graphic intelligence was something to the fol lowing effect : — \- Tho conforonco mot this morning and decided upon 'the count) of procedure. At tho close of the sitting ' tho members of tuo conference ncc'optodun invitation 'to the Ministerial pionio nt tho Hawkestrary, find loft ' by tho Oovornment steamer this eveulug. Tho party . will lotum on Sitnday. ? Vorylittloof importanco lias yet Tioftii dono by tho Intercolonial Pogt nl Coiif orence beyond routine bnsi 'noss. Thoro waB no sitting to-day, mul tbo members «t tho eonforouco, with tho oxcoptlov of tho Hon. B. I). Morchead, wore driven out in a four-in-hand drag to La Porouso, Botany Bay, by Mr. E. Barton, Spenkor of tho Icslolativo Assombly. They woro entertained to-night by tho Hon. J. L. Parsons, tho South Australian delegate. The Hon. Graliam Berry entertained tho members of the Postal Conference and other gentlomen at Potty's Hotel last evening. Tho dinner wns a very magnificent ono. and so on all round, on the principlo, appa rently, of shaking in the hat and losers stand ing out next shako until every one had been ?'let in ' The only difference I over could dis 'coyer between this attd each one of tho com pany paying in turn was the excitement of ascertaining the order in which each ono lecame the ' victim.' This sort of conference soon tops a. man up, and I do not wonder, therefore, at Morehcad not stopping to see it. ?out, .-..;'. To thoso who took an interest in thoMilbum Creek scandal, as it was called, which ended in Mr: Baker, Minister for ? Mines in the Pdrkes Robertson Ministry, being driven from the As sembly for conduct unworthy ft member, it will no doubt bo a great comfort to loarn ? that before the session finally closed last week tho mombors -5£ the Legislative Assembly reversed tho resolution reeardine do ir Baker. They decided by 23 to 21, on division, that, the '. House was. of opinion that the resolution of.thb 8th Novomber, 1881, censuring that gontleman by alleging that ho had been guilty of conduct unworthy of. a member of; tho House, should .bo rescinded. Mr* Bukec ,iniy .ho\v hold, up biB head again among the proudost of them, and ' ' take office as Minister lor. Mines or anything ' ?'elsetihatconies'hanOies't, if it be still worth' his' -: ? while to revel in politics and sasriuco himself ' '.1 on the altar ofhis country a little more., ;What v a relief it must havo been to the 'other, mem-) '? bersof the Assembly wh-- 'touched the sugar'1' £n '. that Milbara Creek,' bus'nesa ' when the , embargo' was'taken off Bakeri Tlioy.cbuldthpn' go homo andsleop th? sleep of, the just. I always .. thought, and, .indeed,* sa\d niora,;thin once in. .these, columns, :tliat Mr. Baker jwas ;no.t,treated ? ? as an Australian Minister of 'tho 'Crown .ou'glnV ? to liave been treated when such' a- charge was brought against him. Tn_. tW 'first' place, his ?;. colleagues ought, to. ,hayo ropoHod, ; with ecorn and ;.: indignation, ?? the (accusation, ? urged the utter, ,. impossibility of it being | ;' true, 'and' Bhouid have ' trud their ' best ,V.tp -,'npund down as ??scoundrels^ unworthyj ? of'icrodence, the ...nion ; who made ,the charges. . Hotthat .had xfailed-). they: - 'should then 'have taken care to appoint eomo one to examine' ,': dnd'Toport upon ' the 'matter whoso decision CUU'.U UD . rCllUU UI1, CU1U1UVCU bllU U1UDU UUJIUUIIU counsel procurabloVtp defen-1 BoVer.'and pre ? Tent,, aB. far as. possible,, any damaging ovidenoe ? fram being obtainable.-: Iftnll this hid been ? 'dorie'tbo r6p6rt'brthe'c6mmissipnormightndvo ^'beeri awaited with dignified calmnesaandjre-' aignation. '.'But instead ot' ^doing' this' 'the . Parkes . Ministry did. ? the. y,ery contrary,' Krst : i they ? perjuaded' their,; old colleague to ;'resigri' his ' portfolio) !; and ' then they' ''?', jiioked''6uti'' the i'bleTere'a't''*]ba«riiter ; t)iey . couid ??'fiacl ' aDd.'ga've' him carte \ llariche, ;;,as.tbe J?ronoh aay, to . forret. out evory blessed r. thing he' could about the whole business, and o make'ii all public.:' The thing was' monBtrous, ? and the'resuit proved it. Not only Baker, but ' otho'r'influontial'and' highly ro'spbctablo mem-.' ,. berafof the, Aflsemblytrand^ox-moaibors of the, :-iGrown,wcrq implicated also ;. and it was only by ? aclo'sosbavp that they wero onsbled' to keep1 ~ 'their seats in tho ''Assembly whon the wholo ' ; matter was '('.blown upon' in'this oold- blooded. i, ,'jnaiiner. .'.. However, it 'th'aa' alt .b'oen, put right , ! -. now, and I hare no doubt it will be a warning .- foraU'time to corne;-both to Miuistor3 of the ' Crown in New 8oulh Walos; and also to . their, ' Supporters, neverTtio allow clover busy-bodies to '..'lii^uiro tooourionsiy' into matters whieh'ought; , | not to boricern them. ' ,' , ,:,' i'.'.' ?...; ..'.,.. ' ?- . ? The Australian} whioh: claims to bo; tho ' Boinan' Giitholio ' paper hero,' has |been '.'' terribly exercised during'.tho past foiv wsoks J 'about; the manner'in which 'TheTelegraph\ia .-.; conducted. .The chiof writers; of t\\\o - Ajutrd-; ;: Zi-»'--young,.'hotrheadodj' Irish ?.clorios,.,Tnost ?: probably —have been tail lasliirig and working. : : themselves ~ up '?? to' '. 'a i : pitch ' of ? almost un- ? ^'. governable ' fury, 'at The: Telegraph', iri goiiprdl njiiindi.tlie.. writerj of r4li-ftp..,' Kotos'.' ,^inV,par'. ., . tioular.- :.H must^.be. .very !ba'd to feeltlUe i ??' tboS ' and if -I . oould , suggest . anything to, :i soothe and comfort them: in their' nfiliotion I( *''? ?would willingly dp' it. ^'^erliii.' s i'a little heartier. ,' denunciation of mo thin, hus bithbrtb bvin in ;., dnlgod in might havo tho doairod . effect, a-,d if i: i they think so, I sincerely, hopo they will not v fail to try it. Afew of what the; Yankeej call *';*? Bwoar words;' and 'a selocliori .- of tho most ', pungent explel ivea from tlio vocabulary of ' Bil , lrngjgit6 fiaiiwivcB, if properly, arrangbd and , : ? burled atmy head, might roliovo tho.ovorwrouglit .. feelings of the ed tor of tho Auslrahan and his ?'- chief co: tributors in a most .effectual mannor. . Oratouehfif the 'Bell, Book, and Candlo'busi- .. neas would bq a pleaaing'novelty in theBe parts, ; ,'»nd more professional than rr erely soculnr male ^vidiotionB Iehouldnot rnmditintliosliglitest do jpte, neither would the proprietors of The Tele graph. Happily this colony is not under the do' - minion of tho Oburch to which those Australian ' writers belong, and of which they constitute j themselves tho championB. Thoy may induco , a few moro persons to suliscribo to The Tele- ' graph in order to »eo for thomselvcs who;hor it : ia as bad as it is represented, hut tho number ' is unapprochblo. Tho fact i-, I feel rathor aorry for tho Amlralian proprietors and editors. Thoy otartod tho paper as tho authoritativo j organ of tho Queensland Homan Catholics, and a largo number of Queensland Roman Catholics will not subscribe to it. Time after timo there ' havo boon rdmonstranccs in i!s columns against the niggardly support which Ins been accorded to it. This must bo very trying, mind you, to ?j'onng gentlemen who' havo formed exaggerated opinions of their own importance, power, and iri 'fluenco. yThoMini*tcrforT.nnd3,likoagoodna turi'd son of tho Church, as ho is, is very kind to tbriiii in the way of Government land sales adver tisements,' which is a groat help j but then ho 'will : not bo Miriister'For Lands Tor ever, and biB successor.is almost certain to b^frsa liberal to a weekly 'paper of such ^a.- limited- . circula tion as' the Australian, , and 'what .will 'its eonduetora do th:on ? 'The'se: a-b' ^neslions' which cannot fail to cau30 irritation and annoy,? anco to young Und'cnthusiaSlic clerics who go in for amateur nowspapor writing, and it is' onlynatu'ral that they should want to 'tako it out' of somebody;. They will grow wiser' by and-by; In the meantime, I'hope thoy will onjoy themselvfe 'U3 best they c^n, and i^ever mind me. 'I shall lio able' to findmy way about pretty well the samel . ??? ;; ? ' , '? It is wonderful1 what inflnetico the imagina tion lins upon oven tho mo3t hard-headed 'and unsentimental persons at tim-s. '? A word, or a iplirasvof no special significance, utte'rod:or writton at eome particular juncture, will make such an -impression upon Eomopeoplo as to turn them from their purpose when nothing else would. This wasshownin a very marked manner the,. other, day. A certain firm of Heb'ew'tr.vders determined to sue another firm for the recovery of a considerable sum under what win affirmed to be a breach of contract. Plaintiffs had forwarded a quantity' of go dsi as por agreement with dofendantf, wui^h tho lattor rofused to take dqlivery of, and in othor wnys .objected to complete, the contract. Plaintiffs f o-med to have a very good case, put it into tho hinds of a Bmart solicitor, who employed a barrister, nnd prepa rations were made for a big fight in tho Supreme Court. T-,o other side also omployed a eolicit r, who engaged a barrister to do the best ho could, although after a careful exami nation of thebrief.fcoth agreed that the ohances of a successful dof ene i scorned 'rather dicky' unless something imexpooted .t'irnt d . up. It camo to tho'knowledge of the barrister who drew up. tho pleadings, for. defondant that this contract . was made on - a Sunday and in orrler to take advantage of every scrap of opportunity offered, ho set out in his plead ings that, in dofiancoof the etituto 29 Char. II., e. 7, s. 1, thi? contract.- h id been ontored into on 'Tho Lord's Pay' — which is the terra usedin the statute., When tho plaintiffs saw this tho head of the firm tu*nefl as' white as — woll, as white/as a. Hebrow ghost, and exolaimed ' That settles us.' 'The; Lird's Day ! Oh, scisfors, to thinV of that no w ! Sister of Moses ! tint I should have beou tripped in that way I' — with other rquiilly omphatic eiolamationa. The end of it was that lie rushed off and instructed his solicitor not to eo on any further with tho matter, but back out of it in tho best way he could, and aU ilie talking to tint was lavished on him to dissuade him ? from his purpose only hud the effect of confirming him the more ob stiuatcly in his view. His ono sufficient reply was; — ' that ' Lord's Day ' would cook mo before any Christian jury in Queensland.' .,,,. . 