KARRATIVE OF A BALLOON VOYAGE ACROSS THE NORTH SEA. SMr Simmons, the aeronaut, has given the following interesting narrative of his recent balloon voyage across the North Sea from Maldon, in Kent, a few days ago, in company with Sir Claude de Crespigny : " Before we made a start several pilot balloons were launched in order to ascer. tain which direction we were likely to take. The pilots indicated several cur rents at low altitude, but as at the mo ment of starting the wind ga.e me a good deal of trouble, I found it necessary to leave the ground with great ascending power, as every attempt I made to utilise currents would have been at the expense of gas and hallast. We had a desire to cross the German Ocean ; therefore every ounce of ballast and every foot of gas had to be cautiously used. We had not much time to enjoy the glorious panorama ere we found tt necessary to discuss the pro priety of att?lmpting to reach Holland or Belgium. Fortunately the atmosphere over England was clear.. The start was made at 11 o'clock a.m., and we soon crossed the Thames, near the Nore. Tak. ing our bearings we were going sharp for Rotterdam. The bottom of the sea was clearly seen in every direction. We see the mane-of-war at Harwich very distinctly.; Six steamers beneath us appear to be al most in collision. . We are at an altitude of 9000 feeot. The lightship east of the Blackwater is about the size of a flea, but is very distinct.. Although the bell is constantly ringing we. can now and again hear shouts from decks. We throw out sheets of paper and find them being left a little to our north. This salisfied us that we are making still a trifle south' of.eastward, and our safety and the attainment of our object depend uponf being able'to continue it. Two o'clock. I have not yet spent an ounce of ballast or touched any valve. Altitude at this moment 10,000ft. Our feet are cold. Wee appear to be overhauling a mist to the, south-east. 2.50 p.m.-We are en. shrouded in it, and can see nought but ourselves and'our balloon. A few minutes later we have a magnificent picture of the balloon on the clouds. We can see our vias-a-is doing everything exactly as we do, even to the fingers distinctly handling the ropes. Our ghosts are dummies. We make them speak by shouting ourselves; and even in this they, exactly imitate us. The grappling cable which I have let out is distinctly reproduced in reflection or shadow running to the phantom car. I call Sir Claude de Crespigny's attention to this apparent negative. He cannot see it whore he is sitting, but'immediately oi coming to my side he sees the rope as distintctly as I do. My blue serge suit looks now quite green, and continues so for many minutes. The atmosphere is a very deep blue above us. The gas up through the centre of the balloon is per. fuctly clear, and the great dome with its gores and diamonds has a very solid and assuring appearance.. ~Evorything is in perfect tranquility. We can hear the beating of our hearts very distinctly.. Our ears are occasionally blocked, but we remedy this little evil by widely opening our mouths. At 4.30 we both think there is a slight sound as of surf. We are very slowly descending and at 440 emerge on the under side of the clouds and can see somnothing looking like a coast line to the south-east. We are still on the same course we started with. At 4.50 we have ap. proached near enough to find that our im-. aginary coast line is a long sweep of shoal, but it encourages us to think that we have passed mid- ocean. Another long line of shoal now appears behind to the eastward. As if by magic, we are in full view of six steamers, as we suppose. These are all coming from the east. On nearer approach we see they are sailing vessels. They ap poear to expect we shall . require their services, for they are tacking and dodging us. 5.10.,-Two steamers are distinctly visible,.both going westward.. 5.50.-Sir Claude cries, 'Look there. Is that an other shoal ' .We discuss this .matter with much, interest. : Sir. Claude cannot believe it is anything but mainland. I soon begin to think the same, but it aon tinues for a long time very indistinct, and as I look very fixedly at it for some min. utes it appears to alter, its shape, and I conclude it can be nothing but a streaky cloud. Instead of increasing in djstinct. ness this long sweep now grows more dim; and at the same time wee laveother indi. cations which make us think we have changed our course and that there is a point of . orth in it. Now for some manoruvring to try and find out whether a sudden increase of altitude has changed ourcourse., ; Sir Claude says two or three' times that he does not despair of the streak turning outto be land.;', His distant vision was more distinct than usual." ' . . . At ton minutes past six M.r Simmons was pirfectly satisfied that he was- within a short distance of the coast. '" The sun had- been for some miiiutesa' deeply. shrouded, .but he pooped behisnd the cluds, and under thie influenco of his rays the balloon instantly shot upwards with fearful rapidity. Sir Claude said 'Do you not smell gas escaping 1' but I did not, and had it not been for this, safe. guard of his the consequences might have been serious. Ina few seconds we wore over a vast area of what looked like moun tains of 'snow solid enough .,to walk on. The grandeur ofthis sceoneit would be utter folly for me to attempt to describe. Not, the slightest movement could. be detected in any, part of this vast cloud. land, every ' mountain peak seemed to stand thore fixed for ever. The tempts. tion was too great to go down and. loave this grandeur until the greater temptatlon, the positive sound of surf isnmodiately boh teath us. I now openedi the valve and we rushed downwards withll great rapidity. A few seconds sulficient to bring uts downs from our highest position, 17,000ft., low enoughs to spread before our delighted vision the beach of the Walohersn llands on the north side of thie chseldt river, and thle mainiland of I1ollntds, ashutting us its on the south. We had already passed thie mouth of the Scheldt. I. considered we iere safe enough, and I sketched Wal chrroen, with the town of Flulshing bheltthi us. The 'people were nows.halling us lustily from all poilts. Tie hallon was brought down splandidly at Flushing, the grappling iron tahlcng a fIrm grip In a ditch surrounding. a, whsetlfeld.. ,Thils ditch acted as wsell as a fence round the balloon to keep eloff thle crush. When we had emptied and packed the balloon the streets were thronged with people all the way to the Hotel Wellington, where we were entertained for a short time .After getting some refreshments we pro ceeded to the landing-stage, and there procured berths on board the mail-steamer Princess Mary, for Qucenborough. I had almost forgotten to mention that the cold was intense over the mouth of the West Scheldt, at the altitude of 1,000ft. I had 4001\. of balast left when we came down, and nor journey could have been pro longed but for our having promised Lady de Crespigny that we would do our best to descend on reaching the coast. We landed at seven o'clock."'-Homne News. 