Old Town Bands. The first Town Band in Melbourne was formed in 1839, and consisted of about a dozen players, the names and instrhments of some of them being Milstead, bass trombone ; Oliver, tenor trombone ; Browne, bassoon ; Griffiths and Tickel, key bugles (cornets being then unknown) ; Picknell and Smith, clar- ionets ; Drane, picolo ; Holley and Wilkinson, flutes ; Anderson (a man of color, y'clept. "Black Jack"), big drum ; Hamilton, side- drum; and Samuel, triangle. One or two of the men are still alive. George Tickel, a plasterer by trade, was the leador, and he ar- ranged all the music required by the band with the sole aid of his key-bugle, on which he was a splendid performer, and indeed could play any instrument in the band. Some old colonists will remembor his achievements at many of the early land sales, and as liquors of all descriptions were provided by the auction- eers, poor Tickel acquired a habit of drinking which shortened his days. The band made its first public appearance on the streets of Mel- bourne late on Christmas Eve, when it paraded the town accompanied by as large a turn out of the roving populace as could be mustered Starting from the Golden Fleece, an hotel of dubious belongings in Bourke street near Kirk's Bazaar, they proceeded westward to William street turning down Lonsdale street, at that time the chosen locus for private residences, and where there were half-a-dozen comfortable cottage villas erected. One of these was occupied by Mr H. N. Carrington, a then well- known attornoy, who, as the bandsmen passed, gave them an acceptable greeting by rolling out a cask of wine into the street, and the welcome Christmas-box was quickly tapped and disposed of. Resuming their promenade, on they went into Spencer street, adjoining which, on what was known as "the Govern- ment block," was a stockade of con- victs, then employed on street-making and other public works. Those fellows, not knowing what was up, sallied forth in a rather undress condition, and, dashing by the half drunk, sleepy sentry or two supposed to be on guard, struck in with the moving assemblage, and added a new feature to the procession. The line of march was continued southward to Little Flinders street, then a locality of im- portance, when halt was called at the Ship Inn kept by a jolly-faced, free- handed boniface named Lee, and here after a promiscuous liquoring up, and making other festive calls of a like kind, a noisy dispersion wound up the serenading. The music usually discoursed by this band consisted principally of marches from Puritani and Somnambula, "Duke of York's March," "Copenhagen Waltz," and they al- most invariably wound up with the fine old English glee, Dame Durdon. Tickty's band as it was termed obtained many engagements at balls, dinners, races, regattas, and municipal elections etc. Some of the band had employ- ment at the Pavilion and Queen's Theatre, and after a few year's life it gave up the ghost. A second and more select band was organised in 1841, of which the Messrs Middlemiss, Mr. Stainsby and Mr. Roberts of a well- known firm Roberts and Fergusson were membors, but though Iess eventful than Tickle's, it came to an end by the removal of members to the country and other causes. There were besides two Temperance bands established some account of which will be given in a future chapter. THE FIRST MENAGERIE. . Ip March 1847, thoro was ni>otic'd in awoodon building, at tho corner of Bourko and Eliza beth streets, opposite tho Post Offico, a wild beast exhibition, but judging from tlio follow ing cataloguo of exhibits, tho collection was not of a vory oxtonsivo or pretentious nature, viz,, an elephant just arrived from tho East Indies, a boar from Africa, a nativo boar from tho Snowy IVfouutains of Australia, an emu, a kangaroo, two monkoys, and sevoral nativo dogs. Tho proprietor advertised hie readiness to pay a good price for all raro miimals peculiar to this colony, or any part of tho world. Tho prico of admission was a uniform shilling, but tho ontorpriso was compelled to shut up shop, nnd of tho future of tho olophnnt and his compnnionsn captivity history sayetli nothing, (To bo coutinuod.) 