SYDNEY DIOCESAN SYNOD. election" of bishop. (Wednesday,, January 10th.) The president stated that four clerical and four lay representatives, who, together with the president, would form that committee, would now have to be elect ed. The election in the first instance, would be by orders (clergy and laity), and if that election were not thus completed the voting would be collectively. Mr. Cordon proposedthatthefollowingfour clerical and four lay representatives be elected, together with the president, to form the committee : — Clerical : Rev. Wm. Giinther, M.A-., Canon Rev. Hulton Smythe King, M.A., Canon; Rev. Auther Wesley Pain, B.A. ; Rev. Alfred Yafiiold. Lay ; Mr. W. Poster, Mr. Richard Jones, Mr. Shepherd Smith, and the mover. Of the clerical representatives, Canon H. S. King, the Rev.A.W. Pain, and Canon Giinther, were elected. Of the lay representatives, Mr. Alexander Gordon. Mr. R. Jones, Mr. W. J. Poster, and the Hen G. H. Cox, were all duly elected. Oh Thursday, January lLtb, the sittings of the Church of England Synod were continued... The Synod then proceeded to the election of the eighth member required to complete the committ,ee, both orders voting collectively. The ballot resulted in the election of the Rev. J. D. Langley. The pre sident then formally declared that four clerical and four lay representatives had been duly elected to form, together with the president, a committee for the choice of a bishop. On the motion of Mr. Alexander Gordon, the fol lowing resolution was passed: — " That, so soon as the committee shall declare to the president that any person has been elected bishop, the president is here by directed to take, with the advice and concurrence of the provisional o.r standing committee, all neces sary steps to give effect to such resolution." The Sydney "Herald" learns that the committee appointed by the Synod with a view to the election of a bishop met at the Church Society's House on Priday afternoon, and it was decided that the president be requested to place himself in communication with the Bishops of the province, and with the senior Bishop of Australia and Tasmania, informing their lordships of the appointment of the committee, and requesting their co-operation to carry into effect the joint action of their lordships and the committee in filling up the vacancy of the See. MELBOURNE. An ordination service was held in St. Peter's Church on Dee. 24 by the Bishop of Melbourne, as sisted by the Revs. Canon Chase, John Garlick, (Ru ral Dean, Incumbent of Echuca), and J. Caff lisle, locum tenens at St Peter's. The sermon was preach ed by the Rev. J. Garlick, who chose for his text, 2 Cor. iv., 5. At the close of the sermon, the Rev. Canon Chase presented to the Bishop the Revs. II. Kelly, of Kew; C. Harris, Smythesdale ; and W. Jennings, of Mansfield, for admission to the priest hood ; and Messrs. H. E.. Potter and J. B. Gas on for admission into the diaconate. During the Or dination the hymn, "Come Holy Ghost," was sung by, Mr. J. Kendall. The service, which was a choral one, was rendered in a very impressive manner by the choir, under the leadership of the organist, Mr. . W. B. Taylor, B.A. At the recent matriculation examination at the Melbourne University one of th© lady students .(Miss Lilian Helen Alexander) acquitted herself remarkably well, taking the first place in Greek and Latin, and in English and History. In both case«( she -would have secured exhibitions but for the fact that, being over 21 years of age, she was ren dered ineligible 