CtTJEEN VICTORIA MARKET. The cold weather that we are experiencing now is telling its tale upon vegetation, and hence the market this morning was only fairly supplied with vegetables, fruit, and dairy produce. Cabbages and cauliflowers made the best show in vegetables, but there was also an abundance of turnips, parsnips, and carrots. Tomatoes, turks heads, and vegetable marrows were poorly supplied, and are selling at higher rates. Fruit was poorly represented, neither apples nor pears being in demand. Water melons were a little in request, but there were no grapes in the market. Butter and eggs held the pride of place in dairy produce, and sold at higher prices. Cheese and bacon were plentiful, and ruled easier. Honey sold briskly, but there was hardly any trade done in hams. Hens and geese were the most in request in poultry, but still turkeys were well represented. No pigeons in the market, but rabbits were selling in lars^e quantities. Prioes ruled as ;follows:—Vegetables—Jerusalem artichokes, 2d per lb; basils, 9d to ls per dozen bunches; beet, 6d to ls per dozen; bouquets, 3s to 12s per dozen; broad beans, 3d per lb; do kidneys, 3d per lb; cabbages, 6d to 2b per dozen; carrots, 9d to Is 6d per dozen bunches; cuoumbers, 3d to ls do; cress, water, 4d to 6d per dozen bunches; garlio, 6d to ls per lb; horseradish, 6s to Ss per dozen sticks; leeks, 6d to ls per dozen bunches ; lettuce, 6d to ls per dozen; marjoram, 6d per dozen bunches; mint, 4d to Gd do; dried onions, 4s to 6s per cwt; green do, 6d to 8d per dozen bunches; parsley, 6d do; parsnips, 9d to ls 6d do; peas 2d to 3d per lb ; potatoes, 3s to 5s per owt; do kidney, 4s 6d to 5s 6d do; radishes, Gd per dozen bunches ; rhubarb, 6d to ls 6d do; sage, 6d to 8d do; spinach, ls to ls 6d do; thyme, 6d do; turnips, 6d to ls per dozen bunohes; Swedes, 6d to ls per dozen; pumpkins, 2s to 6s per dozen; vegetable marrows, ls 6d to 3s per dozen ; turks heads, 2d to 4d each; tomatoes, 3s to 6s per case; cauliflowers, ls 6d to 3s per dozen ; shallots, 2d per lb; celery, ls to 3s per dozen; savoys, 6d to ls 6d do bunches. Fruit—Quinoes, 2s to 3s 6d per case; lemons, ls 6d to 2s per dozen; oranges, Sydney, 10s to 12s per case; cocoanuts, 3s per dozen; green figs, ls per dozen; pine-apples, 4s per dozen; pears, 5s per case ; apples, 3s to 7s per case; water melons, Is to 3s per dozen; preserving melonB, 2s 6d to 6s per dozen; rook melon, 2s to 4s per dozen. Thb Queen's Birthday, on Thursday, was celebrated as in former years. His Excellency the Governor held a levee, which was well attended. There was a volunteer review at Albert Park, and at Flemington races, which were provided by the Melbourne Hunt Club. The day was not favourable to outdoor amusements, and there were, consequently, but few people at the seaside, and not many excursions into the country. Thb annual race meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club took place on the Flemington course on Thursday. The attendance was not large, but the racing on the whole was jjood. Stormbird won the Hurdle Race, with Vlerry Maid seoond, and Wild Harry third. The Queen's Birthday Stakes fell to Egerton, Weloome Jaok and Squireen being seoond and third respectively. Vaulter and Blaok Jacket were the only two horses in tho Steeplechase that got round without falling, and they finished as mentioned. The Corinthian Flat Race was won by Liddington, who was ridden by Mr. W. Glasscock, The Ghost bein«r second, and Sir Charles third. Anagram carried off the Selling Race, whilst Liddington and Csesar filled the places. The Flying Stakes was won by Squireen, Csesar being second and Sir Charles third. Db. Lloyd, J.P., chairman of the Hothanx bench of justices, was entertained at a dinner on Thursday evening at the Metropolitan Hotel, Courtney-street. There were about 90 gentlemen present. The gathering was organised as a mark of respeot to Dr. Lloyd, who has occupied his present position for upwards of 18 years. Mr. Hugh Lennon, J.P., occupied the chtir. The chairman proposed Dr. Lloyd's health, and presented him with a richly-illuminated address and a gold watch and chain. Tie address bore testimony toDr.Lloyd'surbanity and ability in conducting the business of the Court, and ooncluded with the hope that he would be long spared to perform that duty. The toast having been oordially honoured, Dr. Lloyd replied, and, in acknowledging the compliment, thanked his brother justioes for their co-operation on the bench. Other toasts followed, and the proceedings terminated at<a late hour. The Viotoria Trotting Club purpose holding another of their mixed meetings on tha- Elsternwick Park course this afternoon,. " weather permitting." Thbbb is evidently one conscientious man who deals with the Customs Department. Yesterday the Commissioner of Trade and Customs reoeived a letter from well- known firm of solicitors, containing a cheque foe £16 12s. lOd., being an amount which their client, acting under a misapprehension, estimates he underpaid to the department as dot j in respeot. to certain goods imported on hia account. 