CHAPTER IX. DARKEST BEFORE DAWN. In the excitement and gratification of Miss Tulk's success, I had almost forgotten the locket and the mysterious man at the racecourse, until I was reminded of it one day by Mrs Moss who had come up to see her friend, Mrs Birtles. It was a hot day in March and I was just putting on a dust coat preparatory to going out after breakfast, when the Jewess came in. " I should like to have a few words with you before you go, if you please, Mr. Grant," she said. " Certainly, Mrs. Moss," I replied, returning to the dining-room. " You remember that locket " she began. " Yes." " Well, he's been again." " Again - where ? " " To Manuel's. That's Josephson. This time it was a watch, a gold repeater, a real Breguet, very old-fashioned, but such a beauty. Set round with brilliants and a coat of arms engraved inside the case. I couldn't bring it with me, you know, because the gentleman might come in any moment to redeem it. Not that I think he will, for his sort mostly don't. There was a diamond hoop ring too and a bracelet, but they're not so valuable. He got twenty pounds on the lot." " Are you sure it's the same man?" I asked. " Oh, I trust Manuel for that. He never forgets a face once he has seen it." " Well, what do you want me to do?" I asked. Come round and see it. Perhaps you can make it out. I believe law gentlemen understand coats of arms and such like. I don't, and neither does Manuel." I promised, and called that very day. Mr Josephson knew me through his sister- in-law, and took me into a back office. Unlocking a safe he took out the watoh, which I saw at first sight was a valuable, though an old fashioned one. Having some slight knowledge of the science of heraldry, I examined the arms engraved upon if. So far as I could make out, it was, technically speaking, as follows - Gules, within a bordure, engrailed or, a lion rampant of the last. Crest, a lien passant or, supporters, two Talbot hounds proper, collared Gules. Motto, " Humanl nihil alenium," and surmounting the escutcheon was an Earl's coronet. I took a note of this, thanked him, and left. I then proceeded to the Public Library, consulted "Burke," and soon found what I wanted. " Yes, there it was all oorrect ; The armorial achievement of the noble house of Chetwynd-Talbot, the head of the Catholic houses of England, as Earl Talbot unquestionably is. Although I can hardly say I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly somewhat staggered. What connection could poor Miss Tulk have with such a family ? And yet the portrait, the initials, the coronet on the locket, the strange man, who I was convinced had been the cause of Miss Tulk's fright, and who had seen her, then found out her place of residence. But then again, if he had done so, months had gone by and he had made no sign. What was this mystery ? I was determined to solve it. But how ? Really, what business was it of mine ? What right had I to interfere ? Clearly none. If Miss Tulk had a secret, and chose to keep it, it was worse than impertinence on my part to meddle. And yet with a lawyer's instinctive wish to ferret out things, I longed to get to the bottom of it. Ah ! The mystery was solved, and by me too, and sooner than I anticipated. Next morning as I was preparing to leave the house, I was speaking to Miss Tulk when there was a knock on the door. Miss Tulk started with a vague presentiment of evil. Joanna went to the door and entered the room, announcing, " a gentleman to see Miss Tulk." The visitor followed close behind her and closing the door as she left it, stood with his back to it, gazing at the Miss Tulk with great malice. " So, madam, I have found you ? " She was as white as a ghost, and staggered, supporting herself by grasping the mantelpiece. "Do not leave me, Mr. Grant," she gasped. " Mr. Grant, or whatever the devil his name is, will leave you pretty soon if he consults his own interest. That is to say, if he don't want to be chucked out of the window," he retorted with a sneer. I could have killed the man. I felt that. I was accounted one of the best amateur wrestlers and boxers in Melbourne, and I had youth and stamina on my side. He had neither, for although he was tall, and had once been muscular, I knew too much about training not to see that dissipation had rendered him flabby, and most likely, weak and short-winded. I therefore replied calmly, " As for that, sir, this lady has requested me to remain, and remain I shall. So far as throwing me out of the window goes, I should advise you not to try it." He moved a step forward, as if to put his threat into execution, but he stopped, measured me with his eye, and thought better of it. " We'll see about that later," he said. " Who is this insolent ruffian?" I asked Miss Tulk, ignoring his remark. He laughed a low, fiendish laugh, and said, " Ah ! Just so. Who is he ? " This low, insolent ruffian is that woman's husband. Let her deny it if she can. And now, sir, who are you who dares to stand between a husband and his wife and prevent their little endearments and connubialities." This was spoken with such a malignant intensity, that I almost shuddered with horror. " Is this true, madam ?" I asked. " Yes - no - no," and the words came falteringly. It is not true. That is, I married him, but - oh - I cannot tell - the shame of it would kill me." " You lie, you hag," he said brutally. " I do not lie - oh ! Mr. Grant, I do not lie." " Lie, or no lie, you foul-mouthed scoundrel," I interrupted, " you'll keep a civil tongue in your head to that lady in my presence, or I'll break every bone in your body. You threaten to throw me out of the window. You can't, and you know it. I threaten to kick you into the gutter. I can, and I will. So be careful." " Who are you to be so scrupulous," he asked, with a sneer. " Who are you to interfere between a woman and her loving lord and master ?" " I'll tell you if you want to know," I returned. " I am connected with the law - the criminal law, if you know what that means. I am that professionally. As a private individual, I am man enough to protect that lady, or any other woman from a brute." My referenoe to the law was a bow drawn at a venture, but I saw by the whitening of his lips that my arrow had reached its mark. He laughed, but forcedly. " Then if you are a lawyer," he said, " you know that you must not meddle between husband and wife." " The lady denied it, and I believe her," I said calmly. He became doggedly furious. " The lady - the lady will say anything, curse her !" " The lady will speak the truth, I know that of her," I retorted. He eyed me with a curious scowl. " You know," he said, "what do you know? Perhaps she has told you. " No ! No ! No ! On my soul, Edward, I have never breathed a whisper of my shame to a living soul. I have never mentioned your name nor your existence. As there is a God above, I have not." " I have hidden myself and my shame and my grief in poverty and obscurity, and hoped I should never see your face again," and she burst into a flood of tears. " Come, this sympathetic business won't go down with me, you know," he said. " It may go down with some people, but I know you, my lady, and you know me. Are you going to leave this cursed hole and come with me, with your devoted Edward ? " and he accompanied his brutal sneer with a fiendish grin. " Oh no, no, never. Leave me in peaoe, for God's sake do. I will give you all I have. All ! It isn't much but you shall have it all if you will just leave me in peace." " Yes, the wife to live in luxury while the husband starves. Oh, I have heard about you. All about you. The talented authoress, whose latest compositions have created such a furore in musical circles, Well paid, too, I'm told. That's lucky, for I'm devilish hard up, just now." " And would you rob me of my very bread. Oh ! Edward, you would not do that, and after all the ill you have wrought on me ? " " No,"'he replied, with a sardonic smile, " we'll share it together - love." " Never, never," she cried, roused into fury by his last taunt. " Edward Curtis, if that is your real name, listen to me now. You have at last caught me, and I care not if I proclaim my wrongs even in the market place. I hated you, I feared you, but now I despise you. " Quite melodramatic, I declare. What a figure you will make on the stage, when I place you there, my dear Beatrix." " Beatrix !" I had stepped forward to smite the cowardly savage to the floor. That word saved him. It was the key note, the missing link. It flashed across my mind like a ray of light. The portrait, the initials, B.C.T. Beatrix Chewynd-Talbot. Great Heavens, what a revelation. She went on in a torrent of passion. The fiery blood of the Lords of Alton had come to the fore, no mistake. " Look at that miserable ruffian, that cowardly bully," she said, " he married me when I was a girl, a young and innocent girl. Stole me from my father's house, and married me in Scotland, he did, Captain Edward Curtis. A fine captain, cashiered for peculation, a roue, a gambler, nay, worse, a sharper. I married him, and killed my mother and earned my father's curse. Oh, that I had torn off the ears that listened to his lying vows and had plucked out the tongue that made the fatal promise. We went to Baden, Hombourg, Ems, everywhere where there were pigeons to be plucked. God help me," and her voice died away in a piteous wail. " I did not know it then. I was young and innocent. Ah me ! He robbed me of my last farthing. Then he stole, yes stole, my jewels, for I had jewels aplenty, and I took them with me when I eloped. And all this time he had another wife alive. I learnt of it afterwards, after the poor creature died. I knew it, but I could not prove it legally. He had married her in France under another name. When I charged him with this, he laughed and dared me to do my worst. Then he - oh heaven, I can hardly speak the disgraceful words - he would have sold me to eternal shame, but I fled, lived in hunger and poverty with my dying child, my little Beatrix. I wandered, I know not where, for I was mad after my baby died. The light had gone out of my life forever. People were kind to the half demented woman, and I earned a subsistence through my musical talents. Once I met him in Munich. I asked him for charity for I was hungry and he spurned me with a curse and a blow. Then I sought refuge in the river, but I was saved from that crime on the brink, by an angel in womanly form who sheltered me, and made me up a little purse to take me home. I went penitent and broken hearted to my father's house, but he would not see me. He sent me money and bade me begone. I came to Australia to hide my shame and disgrace using another name. My history since that you know, Mr. Grant." " Upon my word, a very pretty story and very effectively told. It only lacks one element, namely of truth. This mad woman's story is a tissue of lies from beginning to end, " said Curtis coolly. " One portion of it is true at all events," I said ; "that you took this poor lady's jewels and that you have pawned them. This, I know." He looked at me curiously. " You know ? " he asked. I looked him square in the face, and said firmly, " Yes, I know, John Johnson." He started as if he had been stung and glared at me savagely. " What the devil is the meaning of this jugglery ?" he cried. What do you know ? Who are you ? " " Never mind that. Never mind what I know. I know you. That's enough. Now, do you know what being shadowed by detectives means ?" " He gave a long disconcerted whistle, and his jaw dropped perceptibly. "Then perhaps you know -" " I know who this lady is, and was, and what's more to the purpose I know who and what you are. Why man, I saw you at the racecourse on Cup Day and who you were with, and what you were up to. I saw you follow the cab to this very house. I saw you pledge a gold repeater watch, a bracelet and and a diamond ring in Bourke Street, the other day. There's a locket too that I know all about. The arms on the watch and the coronet and initials on the locket are pretty straight evidence that they're not yours." " But they were my wife's," he said, turning a sickly pale. " Bah ! Don't be absurd. Do you imagine a distinguished swell mobsman like you can travel incognito ? No, no more than you could if you were a prince or an earl. Besides, we happen to have a few French detectives here, and they're generally thought to be fairly fly." This was a pretty tall game of bluff on my part, but every shot told. His nether lip trembled, and he said in a low voice, " What's the lay ?" " That you'll know soon enough if you don't clear out, and quickly too. Would you like this pretty story to be told before a police magistrate ?" He absolutely trembled with terror. " You're a poor cowardly rascal after all. Don't be alarmed. You're not required at present ; but it you are we know well enough when and where to lay our hands on you. Now you can go ; but mark this. If you dare to annoy this lady again, by word, letter or message, you're booked sure, and you may guess what that means. Now go. Stop though ! Hand me over those pawn tickets for the property belonging to Lady Beatrice Chetwynd Talbot." He was completely cowed, and handed them over with trembling hands, and without a word. During this unexpecteded denouement, Miss Tulk, as I still call her, stood gazing and listening like one in a dream. The tables were so completely tumed on her persecutor that she seemed as if she could neither understand nor believe what was occurring. But when the man she had once loved turned to slouch away, all the pity of a great woman's heart burst forth in its tenderness. " Oh, Edward, that it should come to this at last. An outcast and a vagabond on the face ot the earth. See, here is twenty pounds. It will keep you from starving and from temptation. Take it in Heaven's name and reform. Take this lock of baby's hair cut from her head as she lay in her little coffin in Germany. When you are tempted to evil, look at it and pray for help. And now go your own way and may God, forgive you - as - I - I - " He slouched out without a word, even as she spoke, and with true womanly consistency, she seized my hand, kissed it gratefully, and then fell in a dead faint on the floor. 