THREE STORY-BOOKS FOR THE YOUNG. Oar boys and girls of all ages have in these dajs had their lines cast in pleasant p'acea. It is hardly possible for those of us whose skulls are bald and whose hair is getting: grey, or rather white, to repress a feeling of envy when we hurriedly cast our eye over a collection of childrens books, many of them artistic treasures, whose loveli ness, like that of beauty, will in crease for ever, or rather as long as they hang together. There was certainly no such provision made for us when we were young. Nowadays, owing to the spread of education and the cheapening of the pro cesses of printing, all but the very poorest of children may possess a few volumes that will profitably enable them to while away a leisure honr through which they might other wise have pined and sulked. The three volumes before us, for which we are indebted to Mr. George Robertson, our enterprising Australian publisher, arc very creditable pro ductions, and in every way admirably adapted to ' suit the ' taste of the big boys and girls tor whom they are intended. In " Evenings Away from Home : a Modern Miscellany of Entertainment for Young Masters and Misses," Mr. Ascott R, Hope republishes a collection of stories that were originally bronght out in an expensive form years ago, and nave long been out of print. They are admirable of their kind. The titles of some of the articles will be enough to indicate their character. We have " Ghost Stories, with Moonlight and Goose flesh ESects" A Tale of Horror, in the best style of the ' Penny Dreadfuls; " " Tales about GiantB, Princesses, Pirates, Indians, Enchanters, Smugglers," &c.;, &c.;, startling enough surely to make any boy's teeth water. Of the " Far-famed Tales from the Arabian Nights' Entertainments," a volume illustrated with seventy-eight appropriate wood engravings, we need say no more than that the selection has been wisely made, and that care has been taken to excise anything that the young may not honestly read. Hans Andersen's Fairy Tales are nearly as popular with our youtn as the Arabian Nights, and deservedly so. In the volume before us will be found two or three of this master's best stories, printed in clear bold type, and accompanied by interesting illustrations. 