Donal Grant. CHAPTER XLV. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Aloc Forbes," "Malcolm,"&c.;, &c.; TENDER over Lady Arctura, Donal made up his mind to ask a few questions of the house keeper before disclosing further what he had found. In the evening, therefore, he sought her room, while Arctura and Dayie, much to gether now, were reading in the library. " Did you ever hear anything about that little room behind the earl's room on the stair, Mistress Brookes ?" he asked. " I canna say that ever I did," she answered. " My auld auntie did mention something to me ance aboot some place. Bide a wee—l hae a wullin' memory; maybe I'll mm' upo' 't i' the noo—it was something aboot biggin' up an' takin' doon; an' something he was to do, an' something he never did—I'm sure I canna tell! But jist gie mo time, an' I'll mm' upo' »t!" Donal waited, and said not a word; he would not hurry her. "I mm' this much," she said at length, " that they used to be thegither i' that room. I rain' too that there was something about buildin' up ac wa', an' pu'in doon anither. Its coomin'—its coomin' back to me 1" She paused again a while, and then said: " All I can recollect, Mr. Grant, is this: that, after her death, he biggit up something no far frae that room !—what was t noo ?—an' there was something about raakin' o' the room bigger 1 But hoo that could be by buildin' up, I canna think! Yet I feel sure that was what he did!" " I think I have a glimmer of light on the thing," said Donal. "Would you mind coming to the place ? To sco it might help us!" "Certainly I will, sir; but we s'mak' sure his lordship's quiet for the night afore we gang." " That will be as well," said Donal. " But I hope you will say nothing further to my lady just yet!" "It may be waur for her not to be told. Besides she might be displeased to think we were doing things of oursels in her houso. She has the pride of her family, Mr. Grant, though she never shows it to you or me." "For to-night let us think over it, and if you are of the same mind to-morrow we will * Tho solo right of publication in Queensland of "Donal Grant" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. toll her. I am not willing to do anything rashly." To this proposal Mrs. Brookes agreed, and as soon as the household was quiet they went together to the room on the stair, where Donal stood for somo time looking about him to no purpose. 41 What's that on the wall?" he said at last, pointing to the back wall of the room —that, namely, on the other side of which was the little rooni haunted by both mind and body of tho carl. Two arches, drawn in chalk, as it seemed, had attracted his gaze. Surely light out of tho darkness was drawing nigh! Chaos was settling a little towards order. As near as Donal could judge, the one arch was drawn opposite where ho believed the hidden chamber was; the other right against the earl's closet, as it had come to be called in the house, for all knew his lordship had some strange attraction to it, most of them think ing he there said his prayers. It looked just an if they had been marked out for the piercing of the wall with such arches in order to throw the two little rooms on tho other side as re cesses into the larger. But if that was the earl's intent, why first build a wall—that doubtless to which Mrs. Brookes referred— doubtless, also, that across the middle of what had evidently been one room before ? " That 1" returned Mrs. Brookes. 44 Yes, those two arches, drawn on the wall." The housekeeper looked at them thought fully. " Now, there," said she, slowly, " I canna help fancyin'—yes, I'm sure that's the varra thing my aunt told mo aboot. Those arc the places you see marked there, where ho was coin' to tak' the wall doon, to mak' the room lairger. But, then, whaur could be tho wall she said something aboot his buildin' ?" "Look here," said Donal; " I will measure the distance from the door there on this Bide of the wall to the other side of this first arch. Now come into the little room behind. Look here. This same measurement takes us right up to the end of the room. So, you see, if we were to open that second arch it would be into something behind this wall." " Then this must bo the varra wa' he build it up!" " What could he have had it built up for, if he was going to open tho other wall ?" said Donal. " I must think it all over. It was after his wife's death, you say?" 44 Yes, I believe so, for 1 remember some thing aboot it besides." 44 One might have thought he would not care so much about altering the house after she was gone." 44 But. ye see, sir, he wasna iist sic a pattrcn o' a guiaman," said the housekeeper. 44 Could it have been for the sake of shutting out or hiding anything ?" suggested Donal. 44 It micht be to get rid o' something he was ashamed o', or couldna beir to look at any more," she replied. "And Ido remember a certain thing— Curious! But what then, as you say, about the opening of it afterwards ?" 44 Only, you see, ho has never done it!" said Donal significantly. " The thing takes a shape to me something in this way: That he wanted to build something out of sight—to annihilate it as far as possible; but, in order to prevent speculation, he professed tho inten tion of casting the whole into one room ; then built tho wall on the pretence cither that it was necessary to support something when tho other was broken through, or that two recesses with arches would look better; that, so pre tending, he got the thing done, and then put off and off opening the arches, on one pretext or another, till the thing should bo forgotten altogether, as you see it is already, almost en tirely. And now I must tell you," Donal went on, " that I have been behind that wall, and have heard the earl moaning and crying on this side!" 44 Ood bless mo!" cried the good woman. *' I'm no easy scaret, but that's fearfu'!" 44 You would not care then to como to that side of the wall with me ?" " Na, na, no tho nicht, sir. Come awa' to my room, an' we'll hae a drop o' toddy; or gion ye winna hao that, I »' mak ye a cup o' coffee; an' syne I'll tell yo the story—for it's a' come back to roc noo, that was what made my aunt tell me aboot the buildin' up o' yon wa'. It couldna hae ta'en sic a haud o' mo as some o' auld Mistress Huskisson's stories, or I wadna hae ta'en sic a time to ca' it back to my rain. 'Deed, sir, I hue hardly a doot left the thing was just as you Bay." Donal making no objection, they went to gether to her room; but when they reached it Donal, entering first, started back at sight of Lady Arctura sitting by the fire as if waiting for them. "My lady I cried the housekeeper, 441 thocht I left ye soon' asleep !" 44 So I was, I daresay," answered Arctura ; 44 but I woke again, and finding you had not come up I thought I would go down to you. I was certain you and Mr. Grant would be somewhere together. Have you been dis covering anything more?" Mrs. Brookes cast a look at Donal which, notwithstanding what she had said before, he could not but take as a warning not to say anything about the earl. So he left it to her to tell as much or as little as she pleased. 44 We hae been prowlin' aboot the hoosc. but no doon yon'er, my lady. I think you an' mo wad better lea' that to Mr. Grant!" 44 It would be better for a time, I think, my lady," said Donal. "When you are quite ready to have everything set to rights, and have a resurrection of the old chapel, then you can go and see everything. For my part I would rather not talk more about it just at present," he added. 44 As you please, Mr. Grant," replied Lady Arctura. "We will say nothing more till I have made up my mind, as you say. I don't want to vex my uncle, and I find the question a difficult one. It is associated, you sec, with that other we were talking of; and I do not feel myself at present equal to any contest. It makes it more difficult that my uncle is even worse than usual at present. Shall we not go to bed now, Mistress Brookes?" All through this time, the sense of help and safety and protection in the presence of the young tutor was growing in the mind of Arctura. It was nothing to her—what could it be ?—that he was the son of a very humble pair ; that he had been a shepherd, and a cow herd, and a farm labourer ; the facts were less than nothing to her; she never thought of them except to enter into the feelings of his memorial childhood and youth ; for she would never have known anything of them but for hi* having taken her with him back into hi* past and its lovely intimacies of all sorts with Nature —nature, divine, human, animal, costnical. And *he had recognised that not only to him but to her also was it a matter of immensest importance that Buch wcro the facts of his history; for by these h:id he gathered the greater and most precious parts of his experiences—by homo and by prayer, by mother and father, and sheep and mountain, and wind and sky. And now nearly all she knew about him was that he was a tower of strength, a refuge, a strong city, the shadow of a great rock in a weary land. And she trusted him the more that somehow he never invited her trust —never put himself before her—always mads her look up to the Life, the perfect heart-origin of her and his yet unperfected humanity, teaching her to hunger and thirst after being righteous like God, with the assurance of being tilled. She had onco trusted in Sophia Carmicbael, but not with her higher being, only with her judgment, and both her judgment and her friend had misled her. Donal had taught her that obedience, not to man but to God, was the only guide on to holy liberty, and so had helped her to break the bonds of those traditions of men which, in the shape of authoritative utterances of this or that Church, lay burdens grievous to be borne upon the houls of men. The next day again she did not appear, and Mrs. Brookes said she had persuaded her to keep her bed again for a day or two. There was nothing really the matter with her. she said herself, but she was so tired she did not care to lift her head from the pillow. Sho had slept very well and was not troubled about anything. She had asked her to beg Mr. Grant to let Davie go and read to her ; and to chooso something for him to read good for him as well as for her. Donal did as ho waa re quested, and did not ace Davie till the next morning. " Oh, Mr. Grant!" he cried, "you never saw anything so pretty as Arkic is in bed ! She is so white, and so sweet, and she speaks with a voice so gentle and low ! and then she was so kind to me fer going to read to her!—and I never saw anybody like her ! She looks as if she had just said her prayers, and God had told her she should have everything she wanted." Donal wondered a little, but hoped more. What Davie said must indicate that she was finding the rest she sought in the consciousness of the presence of the God. But why was she so white ? Surely she was not going to die I And with that there shot a pang to nis heart, and he felt that if she were to go out of the castle it would bo hard to stay in it, even for the sake of Davie. He did not either for a moment imagine himself fallen in love; ho had loved once, and his heart had not yet done aching at the memory of bygone pain 1 He was utterly satisfied with what the father of the children had decreed; but he would nover love again ! It was all right he should suffer! Why should he not suffer? He could live though he suffered! But he could not hide from himself that the friendship of Lady Arctura, and the help she sought of him and he was able to give her, had added a fresh and strong interest to his life. At the end of a week she was better and able to see him. Sho had had the bed in which the housekeeper slept moved into her own room, and made the dressing-room, which also was large, a sitting-room for herself. It was sunny and pleasant; just the place, Donal thought, ho would have chosen for her; sho greatly needed the sun—as who does not? The bed room, too, which the housekeeper had per suaded her to choose when she left her own was one of the largest in the house, called the Gar land room—old fashioned, like all the rest, but as cheerful as statelincss would permit, with gorgeous hangings and great pictures—far from homely, but with plenty of sun in it half the day. Everyday Davie came to read to her, and thoreby Donal had a now duty laid upon him— that of finding suitable pabulum for the two. He was not widely read in light literature, and this entailed a good deal of exploration in that region, nor without the benefit to himself of enlarged experience. But before all this some thing had happened which the way is now clearer for me to telL Chapter XLVI. The morning after tho last meeting in the housekeeper's parlour, as Donal sat in the schoolroom with Davic—about noon it was—he became aware that for a time indefinite he had been hearing the noise of blows of some laborious sort that Hccraed to come from a great distance, but which, when he grew atten tive to it, seemed to come from somewhere in the castle itself, transmitted through the mass of its building. Scarcely knowing why, yet with a fear becoming gradually more definite, he sat listening in no little anxiety for a few moments, becoming more and more convinced that the origin of the noise was indeed in the house itself. " Davie," he said, "go and see if you can find out what's going on." The recollection of what had happened the night before had not only made him a little anxious but unwilling to be found himself asking any questions or showing the smallest curiosity. A suggestion is not always a reasonable one, even when it has the truth behind it. Davie came back in no small excitement. "Oh, Mr. Grant, what do you think?" ho cried. "I do believe my father ia going to look for the lost room ! It really seems like earnest. They are breaking down a wall in the littlo room—you know it —behind papa's business room—on the stair, you know !" he added, fancying from Donal's silence that he could not quite succeed in identifying the place he described. But Donal's silence had a very different cause; he was dismayed to think what might be the consequences if Davie was right. If the earl knew the hidden part of tho castle before, which was. scarcely to be doubted, for he was not the man to have left undiscovered the 6ak door at the back of the Sress, then he would know that things there ad been meddled with. He started to bis feet. " You may go and see them at work, Davie, ho said. "We won't have any more lessons this morning. Was your papa with the work men ?" "I did not see him. Simmons told me he had sent for the masons this morning, to come at once, and, when they came, sent him to tell them to take that wall down ; he would be with them before they got through it. Thank you, Mr. Grant. It is such fun making a hole in a wall into somewhere you don't know where! It may be a place you kt:o\v quito well, or a place you never saw before! " .So dayiii}.', Davie rai: off. The moment he vanished, Donal sped to tho bottom of his own stnir. wheo he kept sonic tools and other tilings, iuude choice of some of them, wont up, and then down along the wall to the oak door. There was no time to get a new 2*.£ H. I*'1*' but t° rc«o»bored that fee had seen another in the same post, & little lower ££ D;i lf h u ?2uic! *ot that *** and drive it in close bosid«the remains of the othor, so as to receive the bolt <rf tue lock, and mask tho orokon parts ho could not remove, that would De tbe main thing effected, and the rest would be comparatively easy. All tho way ho heard ■SLuT" 1' J ounM"B at the wall; it mast considerable thickness. tJ?°nf °S? hef the placo > *nd» Passing through •IS li do%* °^ ett J cd the lasfc a little W, the w^ Pf J ttc? r d not vot Kot through hatte^'i 0? "° right was visible. He made Shi? S JT tOr° .cY cr>*hing as nearly as pos whi» w Z Position in which he saw thorn §£& wew clL^ W£ the whole 6arrisoA- Sßffin^t W- h? lc P* ace' The ****** was HeTsten - a**V&b; bot no **s *&methrough.; Xr££ d oi h\r e? s *nc*drew the d*°r saw \ T 0* ™s last ?lancc behind he in*ltfc B* faU fT om the middle of the wall U?£ C *°2 ra ' *nd a faint Kleam of "ght enter. i? humed ifcway. The demolition would go wi much Caster now that thoy bad pierced the w!A> he hoped before tho opening was flarge enough to let the earl through he would mat* made good, or seemingly good, what he *£d destroyed and be out of the reach of sus picion. Attacking tho spare staple, therefore* with a strong lever, he succeeded in drawing li 71 the post > and then d*"<>ve it in beside the other, so as to take its place and tho ™Il™ ? 01Sv 8 hldden in tiloB6 of the £/£?£• &u; he,. to°k care t0 tirae his blows «^3° irB#v he. tt he found that »t would bear a «ood push, he let it alone, and, having taken iZZ* JrL avc n<? si^ns of his work or his pass ing presence that could bo helped, turned *way, and ran down to the chapel; there he HS/ft wu* C? uld ¥ done t0 Prevont any W& h w tho $ Mfc of tho dead had been dis ♦hT m? i? ? athercd from the floor behind the altar all tho dust ho could sweep up, and «#«.. i°?*i lfc f nearly aa he could in the form SLhL '? heap *h«yhad removed; then on ?Sm? l>e/ t?£ ed ' Wl? h tho dust of the bedding, tkiJ }% °! i.the Ol? tline Mit had struck him Hnil •* i}W lL This done« be closed tho K^L l thad bee J n when ho PUBhed it off its w£«. & nS°' A \ nd. would have tended, but bethought him that the slab lay lifted from its Ei£ f£ n t he n^°K of the Pwsage, and might be %3 th T e,^n^lodge he so mucn desired to con ™a\J !? him but a moment to replace it, and sweep the loose earth into tho crypt. Then n«« t nL np *£ c Bt? ir» out of bre»th with eager nes« rather than haste. As he passed the oak «jor be laid his ear to it; some one was in the kTIu .?? BOunda of battering had ceased, out the lid of the bureau slipped from some Hand and fell with a loud bang. The wall could not bo half down yet; the earl must ■are cot into the place as soon as it was prac ticable! Donal hastened away; the earl might come through any moment; and, though he had a better right to be there than he, Donal would not have liked at aU to be found there f>y the earl. The moment he went out he put the slab in the opening, and secured it there with a strut fcetwecsn it and tho opposit© side of the recess, «o tftat it could not be pushed out from tho in e*-v« en> •" there was no time to fill up the possible crevices around it, ho made haste to close the shutters and draw the curtains of the room, that no light might pass. It was possible that the earl, even although ho knew of the other way into the chapel, had never discovered this; but if he had, or if he found the stair in the wall now for the first time, and coming up saw no light, and found the stone immovable, ne would, Donal hoped, be satisfied that it nad never been displaced. He then went to i*dy Arctura's room. She was thero. "I have a groat deal to tell you," he said hurriedly. "I have been keeping several things from you, meaning to tell you another time, and at this moment I cannot. I dread, too, lest the earl should find mo with you!" /' Why should you mind that ?" said Arctura, with just the slightest reddening of her pale cheek. "Because he is suspicious about the lost room, and I must make haste to close up the entrance to it." " You would not surely shut him in, if he be there ?" " No; there is no possibility of that. He has this morning had another way broken into it— at least lam all but sure. Please take care not to let him see that you know anything about it. Davie thinks he is set on finding the lost room; I think he knows all about it. You can ask him what he has been doing, on the ground of what Davie says." "I understand; I hope I shall be able to steer clear of anything like a story, for if I stumble into one then I must tell everything: but I will be careful." "I have so much to tell you ! Come to Mrs. Brookes'a room to-night, my lady, if you want to hear. In the afternoon he was in the schoolroom as usual. Davie was full of the news of the curious little place his father had discovered by knocking down the wall; but he said if that was tbe lost room ho did not think it was worth making such a fuss about; it was nothing at all but a big kind of closet, with just an old desk kind of thing in it. Davie little thought what there was in that closet, in that bureau, capable of affecting his history and his know ledge and regard of the same ! Arctura thought it better not to go near the place, but, anxious as she was, knowing nothing of the other entrance or where it was, except that, having seen tho oak door, she thought it might be through there, she yet kept quiet till dinner-time. Her uncle had in vited her that day to dine with him, intending probably to make the more or less explanatory statement which presently her questions drew from him. She did not think it would do to show an indifference she did not feel about what had been goin^ on. "What were you doing this morning, uncle?" she asked; "there was such a noise of thumping and knocking in the castle ! It seemed, where I sat, aa if it shook itd very foundations. Davie said you must be tfrler mined, he thought, to Kml out the lout room ; is it really that, uncle?" "Nothing of the kind, my love," lie I answered. " You will see what it is as soon as they have cleared away the stones and mortar. I do hope they will not sjwil the great stair carrying it down; there is no other way of f gotting rid of it. I suppose you carao up the back stair ?" " I did; it it tho nearer way from the fdom I am in for the present: But tiiU nle'i tiitirii what you are dbinjfc" "Simply this, my dear; before my wife, your aunt, died,>e Jiad. made a.plan together for throwing that cU behind % fonffl o»i the fetair into It, in the shape of recesses. In preparation for that I had a wall built across the middle of the closet, to make two recesses of it, and also to act as a buttress to make up for weakening the wall of the room by open ing two such large archways in it, lost that should affect the house above it. Then your aunt died* and I hadn't the heart to do any thing more with it. So one half fcha little1 room behind remained ciit tttf altogether But I had built tip in it an old bureau containing paper* of some consequence: you see it wftg hot convenient %6 reni6ve it} it was Heavjh and was intended W remain ill tile same posi tion After the arches were opened. So I left it} »;hliiking it was only for a few days. Now I want some of the papers, and the wall has had to come down again." "But, uncle, what a pityl" said Arctura. "Why not open the arches? The recesses would have been bo nice in that room !" " I am very aorry 1 did not thihk of asking what you Would like .done about, .it} my child \ but I ntt ver thdugh'L of youi1 taking any lhtef eßt in Mlo matter. No doubt the idea was a good one, but, my wife being gone with whom only I had talked over the thing, I lost all my interest in it. You will observe I was only restoring whdt I myself had disarranged—not meddling with anything yoU had done or any thing that belonged to the condition of the castle before. But we can easily build it up again, and open the arches now." " No, no, uncle! if you do not care about it, neither do I. But, now you have the masons here, why should we not go on, and make a little search for the lost room ?" " As to that, my dear, we might pull down tho whole castle to find it and be none tho wiser. Why the building up of that half of the little closet sort of place I have just had disclosed again may have given rise to the whole story!" "Surely, uncle, the legend is very much older than that!" "It may be; but you cannot be sure-. Once it was a-going, it would immediately begin to cry back to a more and more remote age for its origin. You cannot prove that anyone ever spoke of it before the date of the building of that foolish Wall. 1' * 11 No> I cannot, certainly. But surely there are some who remember hearing the story lonsr before that." "It may be; but nothing is so treacherous as a memory in the face of a general belief. And I would advise you. if you care to live in peace, and for my sake it not for your own, to hold your tongue about it. We should im mediately and all at once have the place besieged and infested with antiquarians, and ghost-hunters, and all that canaille—not to mention the insects whose instinct is old family papers and the secrets of ancient fami lies, that they may expose their pleasant vices to the vulgar gaze, and encourage inferiors to ape the crimes of their betters with a worse grace and worse consequences." Here, probably catching sight of some ex pression of disgust, not successfully reduced to one of indifference, on the face of his niece, he laughed an unpleasant laugh and said: "You need not grudge your old uncle a humorous word now and then, even if it be a little cynical. He is not altogether a bad fellow. The next morning Arctura went to see the alterations, and found the wh6loof the rubbish already cleared away. She opened tho door, and there was the little room nearly twice its former sixe, and the two bureaus standing side by side with each other. Donal had seen the place some hours before her, and had found the one he had left open shut and locked; he knew there were reasons. She peeped into the cupboard at the end of the room, but had no suspicion there was a door in the back of it. That morning she made up her mind that she would go no farther at present in the affair of the chapel; she could not except she were prepared to break with her uncle. She would consult her man of business the first time she saw him, but the thing could wait, and she would not send for him. When she saw Donal in the evening she told him her resolve, and he could not say she was wrong. There was no necessity for opposing her uncle in such a matter—thero might soon come things in which she must oppose him. Donal told her how he had got into the closet from behind, and the story of what happened the night before, and had led, he supposed, to the opening of the place. He did not tell her of the unsent letter he had found, any more than of the words her uncle had dropped in his wrath concerning the social position of his son. The timo might come when he would see it imperative to do so, but in the meantime he shrank from making the relation in which Arctura stood to her uncle, her sole remaining relative of the former generation, more un comfortable than it already was; and he did not think it likely such a woman as she would consent to marry for the sake of a title a man who had shown himself such as her cousin ; and indeed, so far as he knew, there had been no sign that the cousin himself had any desire to implement the arrangement un derstood to have been made between the two brothers. When such a danger showed itself it might be time to interfere; but now he was not sure that, for the mere sake of the succes sion to an empty title, in itself nothing or next to nothing, he was bound to speak. The branch of the family which could produce such scions might very well be itself a false graft on the true stem. He must be sure it was his business before he moved in the matter. In the meantime they must leave the chapel alone, nor any more set foot in it till such time as Lady Arctura was prepared to take her own way with it. Donal had the suspicion, and it grew upon him, not only that the earl had known of the chapel and its condition for a long time, but that it was not safe for such a man to have such a secret—to know more of the inward facts and relations of the house than tho rest who lived in it. This was not in reality the case, however; the earl might imagine he was the vole possessor of the ancient secret, but there wore three more in the house who knew it as well :w he - one of th»'m perhaps better; this would be no weak safeguard against any wrong us? the earl mipht be tempted to make of his knowledge. Had Donal been asked, or had he a«ked himself, what he could possibly fear from tho earl, he could not have answered even himself in any way approaching the definite. Ke/eared— butithe verb wu the in- I transitive not the transitive one. Things again" werit on Tery quietly for a time. Lady Arotura tfrew fetter* eontlnued hor studies, and made excolletlt pr'o'g're'jW—-" would have worked harder than Donal would let her; of all things he hated forcing -even with, the J>est good-will of the human plant itself. He t/cHTed An a holy unhafltaning growth, in which God's fff.fi* had Ood's time to be sacredly wrought out. 11* argument afterwards on the matter people woilla dom* times say to him—"That may bo all very wt:ll in tho abstract; but in these days of hurry a young fellow will bo left in tho lurch! Tho thing will never work I" — " For your t*dd6," Ddnal Would quietly answer. "it cer tainly will not Work, but YoUr ends are not tliosoof the universe '"—"They are notl" If the opponent sflavrered, " They are the success df tH«Hdir«: '—"That istfne of the ends of the universe," Donal would reply» "ttttl yon Will doubtless have your reward and succeed in thwarting it for a season. For my part, I decline to be one in a conspiracy against tho designs of tho Creator; I would fain die loyal I" lie was of course laughed at, with no small admixture of contempt, as an extravagant enthusiast—though for what he was enthusiastic they fotind it hard to say i it was certainly not fof education') tHey admitted; seeing he would even do what he CoUld doYtfetimes to keep a pupil back instead of urging him on; He did not seem to care to make the best of hliti I It was true he did not teem to care, for Donal's best was so many miles ahead of their best that it wtw below their horizon altogether. Lady Arct'Jrri** old troubles were gradually receding and fading into* ttw limbo of vanities. Sometimes, however, and that in' general when her health was worse, they would come Ititrpon her like a flood-as if, after all, God was out the self-loving being the evil spirit of a false theology represented Him—a being from whom no loving heart could but recoil with a holy instinct of dislike; and she of a nature so un regenerative that she could not receive the Gad in whom the priests and elders of her people believed. By-and-by came the breath of a change over the contented course of things at the castle. After the absence of months reappeared Lord Forgue-'-cheeffulj manly, on the beat terms with his father, and willing to be on still better with his cousin. He Had left the place a mooning youth; he came back* sd far as the first glance could read him, an agreeable man of the world—better in carriage, better in" manners, better in temper; full of remark not devoid of anecdote, and personal observation both of nature and human nature; attentive to both his father and his cousin, but not too attentive; jolly with DaVie; distant with Donal, yet polite to him. Donal could hardly receive the evidence of his senses concerning the change that had passed upon him; he would have wondered more if he had known every factor that had borne a part in producing it; some of them were for time to reveal! He shook hands with him, at times, and seemed in every motion to say that it should not be his fault if the follies of his youth re* raained unforgotten. He had even an airy carriage with him that sat well upon him; but none the less Donal felt that the charm which at first attracted him had vanished. He was more than doubtful that he had been making progress down hill, and that whereas he had Seen only negatively he was now con* sciously and positively untrue. Donal knew that in what he did he had a purpose. He therefore could not make the return to his advance that he would have been glad to be able to do. He felt there was a wafl of brass between them, which it was impossible for any intercourse of a genuine kind to pass. Nor was it lone before some part of his design began to snow itself. Gradually—with un defined gradations doubtless he thought, but they were not unmarked of Donal, or per* haps of Arctura, just as if the man he now was found himself under the influence of at traction towards her of which the boy he had been was unaware—he began to show him self not indifferent to the charms of hit fair cousin—and indeed make some reve lation of wonder that he had not felt them long before. He saw and professed concern that her health was not quite such as it had been, although in reality it was better ; sought her in her room when she did not appear at lunch or dinner; took an interest in the books she was reading, and even in her studies with Donal, which she carried on just as before; and, in a word, behaved like a good brother cousin, who would not be sorry to be something more. And now, strange to say, the earl began to appear occasionally at the family table ; and, apparently in consequence of this, Donal was requested rather than invited to take his meals with them —not altogether to his satisfaction, seeing he could read a book while he ate alone, and could besides get through more quickly, saving much time for things of greater conse quence than eating. His presence made it easier for Lord Forgue to show himself the gentleman and man of the world he now set up for; and indeed he brought manners to the front in which, from the point of manners, there was very little to be desired. Yet he sometimes faced a card he did not mean to show : who that is not absolutely true can escape it? There was condescension in the politeness he showed Donal; and this, had there been nothing else, would have been enough to revolt Arctura; but the fact was that she felt him altogether, though she would not so have expressed herself perhaps, as a man of outrides—felt that in him you did not see the man he was, but the nearest approach he could make to the man he would be taken for. He was gracious, dignified, attentive, amusing, accurate, ready—everything but true; his out side everything but what it was meant for—a revelation of that which he was inside. Yet it was that too, only that he did not mean it to be. He was a man dressed in a man, and his dress wan a revelation of much that he was at the time he intended it to show much that he was not, for no roan can help unveiling himself, however long he may escape detection, neither is there anything covered that shall not be rev«aled. Things were meant to come out, and be read and understood in the face of the universe. The soul of every man shall be aa a book to be read of wise eyes—all its history, all itn Htrife, all its victory, written in the ]>a^cs thereof !—and oh, what a different book will it be thus read from the biography that may have chanced to be written of it on the earth, where the very understanding of the man was chieiiy a misunderstanding, where by some he was perhaps thought a god when on the very point of being eaten up of worms, or was by some taken for a fool when he wan teaching the deepest wisrfoftfc Bach and all must one day be Been and knowft in the light. Well for thoae who are humble enough and truo enough no* to shrink from the exposure of even their faults and sins—who hate them so much them seltttf tfy&t; they would have them have no quarter! He had been in B*teburgh a part of the time r away in England anothc* part, and had many things to tell of the people hi had seen and the sport* he had taken a share iff/ He had de veloped and cultivated a vein of gftwtlcmanJy ftriite; showing himself keen to perceive and anfifyse the peculiarities which are in general weaknesses of others; judging them all, how ever, as a matter of course, only by the poor social standard of the society of the day ; ques tioned concerning them (torn a wider, a human, point of view, he was unable to give any genuine account of thorn. Donal saw, more and roore clearly, that the man was a gulf tilled with a thin miut that prevented you from seeing to the bottom of it. He showed himself more and mate submissive to the judgment of Arctura, and seemed to welcome that of his father, to whom he was now respectful as such a father •ould wish a son to be. [TO OR continued.] 