Aquatic Jottings. Br Charon. A meeting of the N. S. W. Rowing Association was held on Monday evening last at the Exchange Hotel, Mr. H. Coles in the chair. The business of the evening was devoted principally to making the necessary arrangements for the Krng Champagne Cup Sculling Race, and the following entries were received :— Mr. A. Fittes, of Melbourne, and Messrs. C. W. Gaden, W. G. Brett, D. D. Middleton, C. Dobson, H. Rich, J. Thomson, and F. Walker, of Sydney. The entry of Mr. A. Sharland, of Tasmania, was not re ceived as expected ; but as it was stated that it was his intention to compete the date of entry was extended for & few days. A protest was lodged by Mr. Middleton against Mr. Walker on the ground that the latter gentleman was not a bona-fide amateur. The sub-committee appointed to cany out the arrangements concerning the steamers, &c.;, sub mitted their report, which after some discussion was approved by a majority. Since writing (he foregoing, I have been informed that Mr. A. Fittes will be unable to start for the Krug Champagne Cup, in consequence of a severe attack of rheumatism in the knee. It is also stated that for some reason or other Mr. A. Sharland will not compete. The weights of the various in tending competitors at time of entry were as follows : — Mr. T. Walker, lOst. 121b. ; Mr. H. P. Rich, 9st. 21b. ; Mr. W.G. Brett, list. 71b. ; Mr. A. Fittes, list. 21b. ; Mr. D. D. Middleton, 10st. 61b ; Mr. C. Dobson, lOst. 81b. ; Mr. J. Thomson, 9st. 51b. ; and Mr. C. W. Gaden, 12st. With regard to the protest against Mr. Walker, I have made Borne inquiries, and find that for many years he has been rowing and has been eligible to row as a bona-fide amateur. It would appear that several years ago he worked as a carpenter, but since then he has engaged in no manual labour as a means of livelihood. By a strict interpre tation of the definition of an amateur, according to the rules of the association, if he had engaged in manual labour 20 years ago, he should be looked upon as a professional rower. It distinctly states among other qualifications that a bona-fide amateur is one who has never gained hiB living by manual labour. If, how ever, the association resolve to adhere to strict letter of the Jaw they must be consistent. The same definition states that no person is an amateur who has ever rowed against a professional. If this is the case, and the strict ruling is to be observed, I believe I am not far wrong in saying that, with few exceptions, the whole of our more prominent amateur Ecullers are only so in name. Most of them, if not all, have at various times rowed against men who, at some period or other, have beon engaged in manual labour, and who were in a strict sense professionals. To row againBt a professional is to forfeit the right to the title of amateur. This proves the absurdity of the rule, which certainly de mands somereviBion. A certain period shouldbe stated during which the manual labour question should be held to be in force, such as ' that no person who during the five years preceding the date of entry shall have been engaged in manual labour as a means of livelihood will he considered a bona-fide amateur.' The association will do well to give a liberal interpretation to the rule. In point of fact there is no other way out of the difficulty. Mr. Walker has only during the past few months made his home in Sydney. He did most of his rowing in the 6ister colony, where the definition of an amateur until the laBt couple of years was much more liberal than that of ours. If he has not worked ei Bis uaQ6 ior Eny icOkiuoucq ponou, it wouiii uc u f^rocs inj ustice to exclude him from competing. As already pointed out, it is impossible to disqualify Mr. Walker without doing likewise with the whole of the other competitors who rowed against Mr. Fittes last year. Mr. Fittes, for example, worked at his trade some years ago, but for that reason alone it would be most ungenerous and unjust to disqualify him. The idea of a professional sculling regatta on the Parra matta River, which I suggested a couple of weeks ago, has, I am e:lad to say, found so much favour that already an in fluential aud good working committee has been formed for carrying it out. Most of the gentlemen interested have occupied a prominent position in this branch of aquatic sports, and it is their intention to meet at an early date, aud place the matter on a permanent basis. If possible the first regatta will be fixed for some date in September next. A match has been arranged between William Beach, of Daplo, und Edward Tiickett for £100 a side, in best and best boats, over the champion course, on 4th J uly next. The race should be a good one. Trickett is in regular practice, and is not only rowing in splendid form, but has lately obtained a boat which suits him excellently. Beach has since his last visit here been rowing twice a day on Lake Illawarra, but I am informed by an old rowing authority who has seen him on the harbour since his return that he has not much im proved in style. Both men will commence hard work-at an early date, and the event will be looked upon with consider able interest. Kelly will again act as trainer for Beach, and it may be mentioned that the South Coast champion is still in the hands of his old supporter, Mr. J. Deebles, who I notice has lately changed the name of his hotel to the ' Bells Tavern.' The annual ball of the North Shore Rowing Club came off in the Sydney Town Hall on Friday evening, lstin3taut, and the result was very successful to all concerned. There were about 140 ladies and gentlemen present, aud the hall, which was nicely decorated with pot plants and bunting, presented an attractive appearance. Mr. Shapter'e band was engaged for the occasion, and the Compagnoni Catering Company provided the usual supper. The North Shore Ferry Company extended their liberality towards the elub by granting those who attended the ball a free passage on their steamers to and from the Shore. The arrangements were well carried out by the energetic secretary of the club, Mr. Robert Little. The race between Hanlan and Kennedy has excited but little interest, and its result was what might have been anticipated. It would appear that the event was what is known as an exhibition match, and that both men were well rewarded by some enterprising steamer or railroad company for their trouble. What those interested wish to 6ee, next to Hahlan'e visit to Australia, is a 'lafah between the champion _ and Ross. I was under the impression that Hanlan did not at all covet a race with his formidable rival, bat Perkins, the scnUer, who was intimately acquainted with Etonian, and visited Canada with him, explained that Hanlan was prepared at any time to make a match, but that Rmu was not in a position to put down the necessary sum to bind the agree ment Perkins's opinion of Hanlan's demanding such large stakes was that with his great reputation he was privileged to value it and decline to risk it fora small amount. Hanlan has frequently been accused of timidity in meeting hie opponents, and his opponents have held his treatment of Roes as an example, but they have proved nothing. The loronto Globe some time ago, in referring to the matter, said : ' If H«nian was afraid of Ross why did he row down on Toronto Bay, on the Renne beccasis, and on Kempenfelt Bay? If he was afraid of Laycock why did he engage in a match with Trickett, who at the time was supposed to be Laycock's superior ? If he is anxious to run away from Laycock why does he want to raise the stake from £200 to £1000? If he feared a beating one would imagine t hat he would like to have it cost himself ' and his iriends as little as possible. The truth of the matter is simply this : Hanlan cannot make his record more illustrious by defeating any sculler now_ before the public, and he would be very foolish to engage In another contest, the winnings of which would be eaten up between loss of time and expenses. He has only acted in a common sense manner in insisting that his next race, if it be rowed away from home, shall be for a sum more than sufficient to cover loss of time and expenses.' Of the champion's race with Kennedy ' Pendragon ' in the London Referee of 30th May says : 'Hanlan is an undoubted celebrity, bat the same can bardlv be said of Kennedy, whose rowing — that is, his championship rowing — has hitherto been done in the columns of 'his own press' — i.e., in the columns of the newspaper which has been engaged to do the necessary bonneting and bearing up for him. The race was arranged to take place at high water, 6 p.m., May 30, 1883, Decoration Day. This being a great holiday in the Statea, it is expected that many thousands of anxious sightseers will be present, everyone of whom will have to pay some pecuniary tribute or other to the greatness of the occasion. 1 am informed on what pro fesses to be authority, and which certainly should be well in the know, that very fine terms have been made by both Hanlan and Kennedy ; the railway and steamboat companies, the hotel and lodging-house keepers, the proprietors of padding-kens, the pool-sellers, hell-owners, and all others who may fairly— or unfairly — expect to make profit out of the race being held where it is to be held having subscribed munificently. Except that it is better to get the major rather than the minor share of a cutting up stakes, there really seems to be no particular reason why either man should much care for the result of the pending contest. Hanlan would lose a good bit of his reputation if he were defeated by Kennedy, but the loss of a professional sculler's reputation, no matter how glorious and how splendid such reputation may seem in the hour of victory, should not grieve him overmuch. The champion has found more than once that, directly the gloss of success has worn off, he has had to submit toall sorts of unpleasantness . . . On public form Kennedy has not the ghost of a chance of beating Hanlan. Notwithstanding this, all sort a of attempts are being made— especially in such papers as some time back, for reasons best known to them selves, began to glorify Kennedy— to show that even if he has not such a very good chance of defeating Hanlan he has not such a very had one. Kennedy may turn out to be a veritable wonder ; if so, it is very surprising that he has not taken an earlier opportunity of exhibiting his wonder fulness. If he really is good enough to beat Hanlan, ho might have made lialf-a-dozen matches with inferior men first, and beaten them one by one. It seems strange he should want to throw away the immense amount of money that could thus have been made by him— and Kennedy has up till now never shown any disregard for this world's goods or any desire to turn bis back upon money. The most wonder ful part of the man'6 history is that, although his name is very well known, and he has been the subject of an immense amount of newspaper paragraphing, he has next to no public record. He rowed in a regatta once, and thinks he might have won it if some of the others had had fits and fallen overboard, and he himself had been able to row a good bit faster. Speaking for myself and for myself only, I think there is no more reason for supposing the race between Kennedy and Hanlan is to be a race, according to our notions of racing, than it would be one if the competitors were still Hanlan of the one part and Bubear, our newest candidate tor bighclasB honours as we know them now, of the other. Bubear's public performances are no end better than the public performances of Kennedy ; yet, if Bubear were going to row Hanlan a race either right way or touch and turn upon any fair day and fair course, I don't think there are many people who would expect to see Hanlan beaten. For all that I don't doubt that Bubear would have a cut in, if the railway companies and the steamboat companies, and the publicans and the sinners, and the bookmakers and the whelk-sellers, and all who expected to make profit out of the affair, guaranteed him a good deal more than the mere return of bis own money.' Accounts from the other side the Atlantic tell us that Haulau is hard at work tiying to get himself fit for his com ing race with Kennedy. The following 'par' by 'Pegasus' in the News of the World may interest .my readers : — ' I have received a letter from Wallace Ross, dated St. John, New Brunswick, March 31. Ross has not been in a ' shell ' for six months, and he states that the ice on their river was 3 feet thick on March 30, and hardly likely to clear away before the end of April or beginning of May. Fred. Plaisted (who was formerly Hanlan's right-handman,) has undertaken to train Kennedy for the forthcoming contest and ' impart a few wrinkles.' David Ward ' improved ' Trickett— from the second class to the third— by undertaking to teach him a few of Hanlan's so-classed ' secrets.' George Lee, probably, will look after Hanlan's interest at Washing ton.' ' Cloanthus' of the Australasian says : — It is rumoured that the Electric Telegraph Rowing Club has taken into its corporate thick head the idea of an intercolonial race on its own hook with a kindred institution in Sydney. No doubt if the electricians of New South Wales are as accomplished oarsmen as their confreres on this side of Murray, the match would prove an interesting one. I think the prescription in the cookery book to make hare soup might be applied iu this way—' Before making a match, first leam to row,' In two months time, i.e., on the first of August next, the contractors for the new bridge across the 'ever- flowing' are to be placed in possession of the Bites whereon the extensive premises of Edwards and Fuller row stand ;wnd if that means th it the contractors of this great work are to have the sole control of that portion of the river's banks, all boat-builders aud others concerned will have to take up their kits and walk. The Melbourne Row ing Club, which is also concerned in the removal, has taken time by the forelock, and proposes erecting a shed of its own on a site granted by the Crown Lands Department. With a view to raising the wind, the M. R. C. is about to have a concert in the Athenaeum Hall, at which the ' Bohemians' have undertaken to appear. Members are expected to roll up numerously so as to secure a substantial sum to start their building. The professional sculler, George W. Lee, arrived in New York, Monday, April 2, on the Alaska. The voyage was rough, and he* was sick nearly all the way over, and lost about 30 pounds of flesh. He will run over to Washington and confer with Hanlan, and then will settle down to prac tice on the Passaic. Lee will be governed by what Hanlan does in the doable race named by Ham ana Conley. Mr. Davis, the president of the Halifax Rowing Association, has telegraphed us that he is waiting for the proposition of Hanlan, .and Hanlan writes us that he will soon state just what he will do. He and Lee will row Ham and Conley if limn and place are agreed upon. Each side has 500 dollars in our hands. Hanlan wants to row Robs before he palls in a double race ; and as Robs is inclined to do more talking than anything else, it has been difficult to arrive at a decision. Acting 'upon the suggestion of the stakeholder, Hanlan and Kennedy will not meet at the office of the Turf, Field, and Farm until Tuesday, May 8, to post the second instalment of 1000 dollars each for the race of May 30. They have signed papers to this effect. Mr. Duryea s health is better, and he will leave England on the Alaska, April 27.— New York Turf , Field, and Farm, The Few York Sportsman says Hanlan and Kennedy both continue daily practice, bat. do not run across each other much on the river, nor do they meet in town. Hanlan has been out several times with M'Kinney, die local amateur champion and member of the Potomacs. Washington has never had a first-class amateur sculler, and M'Kinney, thought he is head of the river, does not fill the biti. Kennedy and Plaisted continue to go out together every day, end take about six or eight miles. Plaisted has come down fpfrm in flesh since he has been here, and is evidently getting into trim. He will row in all the regattas the coming season, end from the way he is now showing np will rake in some prizes. Hanlan in an interview lately made some un called-for strictures in regard to Plaisted. The latter says he does not care to reply in the same spirit, as he thinks the cloud now hanging over professional raring is largely due to the fact that professional oarsmen are too apt to fight their battles in the papers. He says that he has proven his friendship for Hanlan on more than one occasion, and had supposed that they were friends; that Hanlan knows who he (Plaisted) wants to win the coming match, end that to avoid being misconstrued he has kept away from Banian ever since last fall, when the match was made ; that he has not troubled Hanlan with his presents, nor does he propose to do so ; and (hat he thinks he can explain his presence in Washington tolly as well as Hanlan can his, and that his presence here is in just as good taste. He was on his way to Boston from Chicago, and came by way of Washington to see his friend, John Kennedy, whom he has known and respected for years. When he came he only expected to stay a day or two, but does not propose to be driven off by Hanlan or amy one else. It has been rumoured here that Hanlan came here to watoh Kennedy, as, know* ing that Mike Davis had been here for three weeks, he was afraid that they were perfecting somepatent arrangement, such as the Englishmen accused him (Hanlan) of having in England. M'Kinney will enter both the Newark regatta on May 30 and Harlem regatta on June 1. There is an amateur here in disguise, whom somo think is O'Cennell of Portland. If it is he, he has had his hair dyed. The champion recently paid a visit to New York when he took occasion to alter the articles of agreement in his proposed^ match with Wallace Ivoss from five to four miles, and it is now thought that this pair will surely come together. While iu this city Hanlan and Lee took a spin on the Harlem in a double borrowed from the Metropolitan Rowing Club, and they moved in good style, but of course were rather ragged, as it is the first time they have ever sat together. Hanlan states that if Ross will agree to row on any of the waters half-way between Toronto and St. John, N.B., he can be accommodated. Hanlan thinks the amount stated for expenses — 500 dollars in a 1000 dollar race — is out of all proportion, and in the race he proposes expenses will not ba given or taken. The latter has 500 dollars on deposit with, the Turf, Field , and Farm, and calls on Ross to cover it. Ross's challenge to Hanlan, issued on March 19, was to row a four or five miles race, for 1000 dollars a-side, the winner to receive all the money received from the railways, &c.; In addition, Ross offered 500 dollars for expenssi provided Hanlan will row at St. John, or will take 500 dollars, and row at Toronto ; the race to take place on or after July 1. — F. 1'. Merald. In the race between Brightwell and Audsley on the Thames, when the former sculler made the fast time on record over the ohampion course, he was assisted, as might have been imagined by a strong wind and tide. Brightwell is a native of Putney, weighs lOst. 61b., and is 5 feet 9 inches in height. Tne following account of the race ap peared in the London Sporting Life: Audsley, having won the toss, selected the Middlesex station, and he was the quickest away, going off fully three-quarters of a length ahead, but Brightwell drew level before passing the Star and Garter{ and 6 to 4 was now offered on him. In thefirst minute Brightwell struck 35, and Audsley 34, but directly Brightwell caughthis man he dropped down to 32 per minute, whilst Audsloy maintained pretty nearly the same stroke at which he Btarted. The manner in which the two scullers drew away from thesteamboatshowed they were travelling, and Brightwell reached the creek in 1 minute 271 seconds (very fasttime) half a length ahead. Increasing his advantage at every stroke, there was plenty of daylight between the two boats passing'tlie Steps (3 minutes 6 seconds), aud they were rowing dangerously close to each other. Brightwell, how ever, gave way, letting up Audsley a bit, and once more the nose of one boat was overlapping the other. Audsley' s partisans now were jubilant, and offered to take evens, es pecially as he appeared to be rowing the stronger of the two but Brightwell here quickened, aud went away again, pass ing the Old Tree (distance, 1 mile ; time 5 minutes, 13 seconds), a length and a half ahead. Another spurt ou the part of Audsley, just below the Soap Works, reduced the gap a bit, but the effort was not sustained, and they went by the Soap Works (time, 7 minutes 32 seconds) inprettymucn the same order as at the mile. Brightwell now rowed in front of Audsley, and gave him the benefit of his backwash, which did not improve the Waterloo Bridgeman's chance, and it was a procession, both working hard all the way to Chiswick. The time of the leader to Hammersmith Bridge, which he cleared two lengths ahead, was 8 minutes 64 seconds, and to Chiswick Church 14 minutes 3 seconds. Opposite the Torpedo Boat Works, Audsley made a most de termined effort to catch Brightwell, ana ho reduced the letter's lead to a length and a half once more, but it was palpable Brightwell was rowing well within himself, and at the bathing-place Harry Kelley gave him the office to go. Quickening to 34, and rowing as well as when he started, he then went clean away from Andsley, and upon gaining a lead of six lengths dropped down to 32, evidently satisfied. About thiB distance divided them at Barnes Bridge, which Brightwell reached in 19 minutes 3 seconds, aud though Audsley rowed hard to the finish, Brightwell won easily by about five lengths. According to the time-keeper at the post, Brightwell won by 2 seconds only, there being a difference of 12 seconds only between the two. The winner's time for the full distance (as taken by Mr. W. Innes) was 22 minutes 18 seconds. Mr. D. D. Middleton, of the Sydney Rowing Club received per the P. and O. steamship Ballaarat, two splendid out riggers from the firm of Swaddle and Co., successors to Swaddle and 'Winship. T&ose; who have seen them are unanimous in the opinion that they are equal to any similar craft yet imported. At a meeting of the Victoria Rowing Association, held on Monday, attention was drawn to a rumour current iu Sydney that some of the members of the crew which repre sented Victoria in the recent intercolonial match were not bona-fide amateurs. The committee decided to take no notice of the matter unless the New South Wales Associa tion drew their attention to it. 