CAPELLA. [FROM OUK Off*' CORflESFOJTDEST.] Kow that your valuable apace may not be taken up so much with iiss reports of cricket; after dinner speeches, and a speech from the hon. member, has it has bees daring tbe Easter holidays, you may have % comer to epare fur me the remarks I have to make. I notice a correspondent of this town, ?writing last week to a contemporary, giving an account of « cricket match played at Emerald. It were well if the veracity of bis statements were undoubted, and the only excuse we can offer for him is his extreme yoath and inexperience— for young indeed be oust be to mike such blunders. We shall only mention one of tboBt mistakes m justice to those who were playing, and this is our reason for referring to tbe subject At alL The ' mixed team ' had to get thirteen to win in their second innings, and they lost three. wicketa, notjfce, as the correspondent asserts. His next sentence is so contradictory tha.t. one doea not know what to mate of it. For the amusement of your readers we will re-produce it here— 'The captain,' he says, 'of each team drowned us in that beat of wines, and no 'heel tape.'' The usual speeches were made, s&d; at * late hour toe call was ' bed oh,' and they west like lanjbe -^singing 'Orer the Garden wall ;' jast fancy people making speeches, after being drowned! He wro probably thinking of 'Ham- let's Ghost ' at the time-sod whoever heard of Lunba singing 'Over tbe Garden tbII' or *' ia at the Golden gate,' either ! ! Tbereisone nutter which be writes about, and is every sentence of which I heartily concur — that i& ' police protection ' — in fact, I have said so much, already on this score that I am really ashamed to approach the cub ject again, but circumstances require of as to rabe our voice once more and ask for that which has been withheld from us so long ; for hardly a night passes but there is » row of About two months ago 4380 acres of land ia 80 and 160 blocks, were thrown open for selection about OpeUa, and of tbia we under stand aot an acre has been selected ; tbe reason wby* » obvious ; compulsory residence is required of the selector according Co tbe Acts under -which it is thrown open. This alone keeps back those who were desirous of owning some land from selecting, whereas if it had been thrown open under the cmditiaiial clousen oi the Act; which allowed the selector to pat a bailiff on to improre, while be him eelf went about his business, earning aot only hu own livelihood, bat that of his labourers oa his selection — the whole of the ares and pore, would be taken op ere this. Of coarse, it is to tbe interests of Hie aqtutfters tint not an acre of it would be touched. We are glad to notice the change for tile better in the BaQway time-table for trains between Capella and Emerald, The train will in future arrive forty minnt** eadier, and leave in tbe morn ing forty minutes later, which will give more time to everyone ; and, we trust that the time for delivering the mails ynii chsss6 4b well* It is simply Annoying! how the; have been managed hitherto, Tbe mails urivi&g; by tnin were not delivered till the Clennontnuul arrived an hour afterwards, and then an hoar and % quarter elapsed before we had our letters given to ob, and iuune* diately afterwards the down mul bag waa made npt giving as no chance whatever of potting a reply by tbe same train. Why wait at all for the Ckrmont mails to arrive before delivering the mails from tbe south ? Let tbe aonth mau be delivered at once, and the Cler mont mail as soon as practicable after its arrival which will now — according to the altered ' Bailway time-table ' be an hour and forty minutes after the arrival of the south mail. I understand a cricket match is being arranged to be played shortly between the 'Capella C. dob' and the 'Clennont C Clab ' on the former dub's grospd. There is some excitement already evinced as to the result, as it isenpposed the tn-o clubs areabont a f't* fnntrh for one another, I daren't got the slighest doabt though who the winners nil) be. Capella of course ! ! ! The weather has been somewhat warm of late, and the cry is now for rain. Capella, April 2. 18S3. 