THE NEXT STEP. Bt Peutetbe. [Did Luther make the civilisation whioh made him?—The feigned ignorance of the 95 theses—Cajetan—Miltitz—Luthe cited to Rome—The Elector intercedes for him—The Emperor Maximilian denounoea Luther—The Emperor dies, and Charles V. elected—Ulrich Von Hutten and the "Humanists"—Luther burns the Pope's bull.] If you, 0 esteemed reader, have properly perns d that portion of Luther's letter to Pope Leo X. which I laid before you last week, you will perhaps have smiled on perceiving with what a cruel disregard of consequences the " great German reformer" differs from his dear reformed son and suffragan, our worthy Dr. Moorhouse, about the "darkness," and the " ignorance," and the uncivilised condition generally of Catholic Europe 400 years ago. Luther lived in the midst of that uncivilisation, but didn't see it. Luther was personally extant when the alleged darkness and ignorance were at their darkest and moBt ignorant altitude; but they wero so high up in the air that Luther's I eyes could not catch any glimpse of them. On the contrary, Luther, describing the fitate of Catholic Europe 400 years ago, gives the lie direct to Dr. Moorhouse's declarations concerning the darkness and the ignorance of that epoch. Luther, by his own account, was wholly unaware of the darkness and ignorance on which Dr. Moorhouse hurls his hearty execrations; and we are, therefore, forced back on the belief that all Dr. Moorhouse's darkness and ignorance 400 years ago are nothing more than air-drawn conceits and creative fancies of our Bomewhat enthusiastic Protestant Bishop of Melbourne. Luther informs us that Catholio Europe 400 years ago was not- dark, nor illiterate, nor barbarous. Luther extols the learned light and civilised progress of Catholic Europe 400 years ago, and I believe Luther, and I don't believe Dr. Moorhouse. Luther says that the literatuie, the erudition, the eloquence, the scholastic glories of his own time—400 years ago—put to shame all the vaunted splendour of the grand Augustan age of old, even although that classic Roman time was made illustrious by a Cicero, a Ccesar, a Virgil, a Horace, and a legion of others, historians, poets, orators, sculptors, statesmen, warriors, engineers, architects, and artists of high, repute in every department. Luther's view of Catholic civilisation, in the midst of which he dwelt, was expressed in his letter to Leo X. Ho thought the civilisation of 400 years •ago was as far beyond the civilisation of the famed Augustan age as the light of the summer sun is beyond that of a candle. Dr. Moorhouse didn't happen to think of Luther's letter to Leo X., and informs us that Europe was a coal-hole of darkness 400 years ago, until Luther went in with his magic lamp and tnrned the darkness into a blaze of radiant knowledge and what not. Luther himself tells a very different tale ; but perhaps, by virtue of his office aB a Protestant bishop, and because his lordship was never within leES than 400 years of the Lutheran era, the worthy Bishop of Melbourne knows better than Luther. Luther saw, and Dr. Moorhouse didn't see. Therefore, by all the laws of ocular demonstration, the prophet who didn't see is better as a witness than tho prophet who did see. Marvellous clairvoyance. There was no education, no school, no schoolmaster, quoth Dr. Moorhouse, until Luther invented them. We have heard ere now of the devil saying the Lord's Prayer backwards. In some such retroverting sort of way Dr. Moorhouse seems to read history. Luther's life giveB the lie direct to his lordship's history. At every step and Etage wo have from Luther's own lips and pen the total confutation of Dr. Moorhouse's romancing. At Mansfeld there was a school and education, for Luther at 6 could read and write well. At Eysleben, at Magdeburg, at Eisenach, there were superior schools; at Erfurt a celebrated University, and at all of these Luther's mental powers wero cultivated to an eminent degree of perfection up to 1505. In this Bchool career he was also taught Church music, and his taste elicited towards cathedral and church arohiteoture, carving, tracery, fine pictures, painted windows, the volume of Holy Scriptures bound in gold, all of which things Dr. Moorhouse may mistake for signs of barbarism if he pleases, but muBt excuse me if I regard them as tokens of a very advanoed Christian civilisation 400 years ago. Of this civilisation Luther himself was a part and a product. Protestant bishops may emulate the vous and of pick and shovel men in their apprehensions of social and scientific growth; but how did the schools, and the academies, and the university, and the music, and paintings, and the illuminated volumes, and the grand cathedrals, come in Luther's way 400 years ago ? Did Luther evolve them out of his console nsness ? All these things were the fruijss of a civilisation whioh had been growing 'and advancing for. centuries before Luther took up with Lucifer, in 1510-12, and fell into an apostacy like Eve. The civilisation of 400 years ago dazzled Luther as the civilisation of to-day dazzles Dr. Moorhouse; but Dr. Moorhouse.didn't make the civilisation of to-day* It has made him, just as the civilisation , existing 400 years ago made d Luther. . lut&er; did not make the cloth of gold And ailfer, the eilke, andwtme, aad a velvets,-and lace, and fine linen, the jewellery, the spices, hardware, saddlery, and so forth which filled the shops in Erfurt when he was there at college. They were a part of the civilisation of Catholic Europe, and one of Luther's first "blessings" to Germany and the human race was to ruin the trade of Erfurt for many years by'the seven years' PEASANT WAR which his fanatical and communistic opinions produced in the Thuringer Wald. Coming nearer home, does Dr. Moorhouse suppose it was Luther who built Tintern Abbey, or Fountains, or Furness, or Kirkstall, or Melrose ? These splendid temples were not built by Protestant hands; and all that Protestant hands ever did for them was to tear them down and build pig-styes with their consecrated pillars. The 95 Theses. " Und ich bo wahr mich mein Herr Christus erlos't hat, waste ich nicht der was Ablass ware," said Luther to his dear friend Jonas, many years after the posting up of the 95 theses at the porch of the Collegiate Church, "Wittenberg, on the night of the Vigil of All Saints, a.d. 1517\. " Before God," he said, " I knew no more about Purgatory then than those who oame to ask me about it." Luther called his random utterances " theses," assertions, not doctrines; and, taken as they stand, they certainly show that the writer of them was very ignorant of his subject. But the ignoranoe is more feigned than real. Luther affected ignorance. He had at least learned his catechism, and he knew what the Church of Christ taught both about Purgatory and Indulgences. It is very evident from Thesis 38 that he had a very accurate knowledge of that teaching. In 90 out of the 95 theses Luther was only suggesting doubts to uneducated minds whioh he himself did not then seriously entertain, after the manner of the itinerant wranglers of the time, who went abont displaying their sophistical ingenuity, and gaining a name for disputation. The 95 theses are drawn up in a trifling, captious style, with levity, and in a spirit of buffoonery, as if lintended for Punch rather than the pulpit. His new doctrine of "Faith Only" clashed with the dootrine of Indulgence and Purgatory, but he had not even then got his novelty into logical shape. But he doubted—and doubt, when wilfully entertained, soon throws the analogy, or symmetry, of the Faith intellectually into confusion. Tetzel, at Juterbock, very soon ohallenged Luther's theses ; preached against them, and the'young men cf Tetzel's party .burned Luther's 95 thesis in a fire in the street at Juterbock. UziBzoh Von Hutten. "I know not," said Gutenberg, the Catholio inventor of the art of printing before his death ; " I know not whether my discovery will be a blessing or a curse to the world." If it multiplied copies of the scriptures and of good books, it also afforded sad facilities for the publication of bad books also. To no one is Luther so much indebted for success as to the scurrilous lampoons of Ulrich Von Hutten, so patronised by the booksellers of the G-hibeline party of Luther's time. Those who have read Shakespeare's play of Romeo and Juliet will remember in what a state of disorder, and party strifes, and street broils, the quarrels of the Guelphs and Ghibelines kept Rome, and how the" fiery Tybalt" attacks Romeo, and how they fight, and Mercutio is killed. These brawls between the Italian party and the German Home Rulers were a part of the political tactics of the time, for Luther's reformation would have ended, as a thousand previous heresies had ended, had it not grafted itself on to the democratic and anti-monarchical movement of the time. The German Ghibelines sought to be rid of Italian interference in Germany. The German clergy generally leaned to the Italian interest. Hence, the clergy were unpopular with the German and democratic party, and the press (as the phrase is) teemed with squibs and lampoons against the clergy, and especially against the Monks, and the Monks_ of every order, especially the Dominicans. Luther's 95 theses were regarded as an attack on the Italian party and the papal policy, and he became at once an object of favour with the moderate German party, and still more with the revolutionary democrats. At the head of the moderate party was ' Frederic, the Elector Duke of Saxony, and to him Luther stood in the relation of court preacher. The duke did not identify himself at first with his chaplain's religious or political proceedings, but,, being a sagacious prince, he seems to have very soon- discovered that Luther, by his great ability and eloquence, might be made a powerful agent in securing some needful reforms in the German Empire. Gradually Frederic imbibed Luther's doctrinal news on many points, but the Elector, as a sovereign, was cautious, and deprecated extreme measures as likely to defeat hia plans for " reform." Ulrich von Hutten was one of the political celebrities among the more scoundrel class of wits, poets, satirists, apd soldier roysterers of the early reformation period. At 15 he was a handsome, lively boy, in the choir of the Cathedral at Cologne, and under the patronage of the archbishop. It was thought that he might have a vocation for the priesthood, but this hope proved • vain. He had no inclination for the cloister. His sprightly disposition, thoughtless manner, and love of frolic forbade his approaoh -totbie altar; but s he j$ff?BMd great natural aw * wish to beoome a soholar, the archbishop gave him a thousand gold crowns and sent him to the university, where Le took his degree as Master in Arts with great credit. Among his other talents was that of writing satirical poetry, and for some years he exercised this faculty with such effect that the booksellers paid him very flattering homage. As a writer of pasquinade he stood first on the publishing list, though some modern critics who have looked into his productions have failed to find in them very few pages whioh rise above mediocrity, and therefore infer that their popularity arose from the novelty of their subject, and the unsettled temper of the times in which he wrote. His chief theme was the monasteries and convents, and as the inmates of these were, for the most part, on the papal side, and the papal policy was distasteful to the Ghibeline or German party, young Von Hutten's cynical libels on the monks and nuns met with wide sale and rapid oiroulation in all parts of Saxony, Bavaria, Brandenburg, and the Palatinate. By these witty, sarcastic, and indeoent rhymes, which young people easily learn, the German field was fallowed and prepared for the Lutheran tares. It is curious to note what a set of blackguards God has been so merciful as to give the Protestants for reformers, aDd the greater the blackguard the more effective the reformer, Henry VIII. for example. Ulrich Von Hutten led wild, rakish, unsettled life, went into Italy, took to gaming, got into debt, wrote to hiB old friend the Archbishop of Cologne for money, received 2000 ducats from the confiding prelate, became a soldier, led profligate life, contracted a loathsome iase, of which he died in isome obscure place in the north of Italy, and his name stands on the Protestant reformer calendar as one of the reformation saints,! !! Syphilis saints ! !! Hutten's lampoons on monks and nuns paved the way for Luther's tracts and pamphlets and speeches and sermons against the Pope— that is, against the political system then adopted and in operation, by which the political relations existing between Italy and Germany were regulated. The Emperor of Germany held the imperial crown defender of the Holy See" on certain fendal conditions. The Othos and Henrys of Germany often set these conditions at nought. Several times they invaded Italy, captured Rome, and, as kings of Rome or Italy, violently interfered with the Pope's pontifical action. A democratic party, both in Germany and Italy, took advantage of every diplomatic misunderstanding which arose between Pope and Emperor to overthrow monarchy everywhere, and establish republican institutions. Venice, Genoa, aud several other small States flourished as republics, and Germany, these parties thought, could dispense with kingly rule. The German dukes and bishops, who elected their emperor, did not agree with their democratic Thpy would gladly be rid of Italian influence end interference; but they did not feel disposed to renounce their own royal position. Luther in his heart at first was a democrat, and hence the democratic party and the Humanists hailed his quarrel with the Pope as an opportunity to further their own antimonarchical purposes. The Humanists, as a small philosophic school, and as a sort of diluted free- thought tamperers, cared not much if religion went down with monarchy; and amidst these disunited elements Luther's 95 theses fell with effect. He held that "all kings were rogues," who must rob the people as by the force of a necessary law. Kings, he said, " were no more in his eyes than great rascals: God's gaolers and hangmen." Luther was compelled very soon to keep his opinions about kings to himself, or for private conversation, when the Peasant War broke out. He would have been hanged by the Emperor, and no German Duke would have interfered in his behalf. The peasants, he saw, would be speedily annihilated, and therefore he put his democrat zeal in his trunk, and actually called on the Elector to smite these forest rats with the sword. After publishing his 95 theses, the Archbishop of Fulda and the Bishop of Misnia sent grave and venerable clerics to expostulate with him. On such occasions he would promise everything and do nothing. As soon as the messengers' backs were turned he would indulge in more ecoentric flights than before. From the altar he laughed at the papal "farce of excommunioation;" declared that if St. Peter himself were at Rome he (Luther) would not acknowledge that apostle as Pope. He said that " neither the Church nor even the angels in heaven could impose articles of faith on Christian men"—an opinion very much resembling that of Dr. Moorhouse— and that this could be proved by holy scripture. Luther said that any man could confer Holy Orders, and that when Christ said, " Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth," our Lord addressed these words to all Christians, men and women. These, and many other anti-Christian and anti-social opinions, were embraced by the students at Wittenberg, and by the professors, and by some priests of the city and neighbourhood, and as the Jubilee indulgences preached by Tetzel continued, Luther grew more and more bold daily in his outcry against them. The Pope looked upon Luther's aberrations with a gentle eye. He wrote an answer, by Stanpitz, to Dr. Martin's letter, and mildly entreated him to return to a better mind. -The Emperor Maximilian likewise observed an indulgent course, although, his Majesty was well aware that Luther's action tended to the disruption of the German empire. Tetzel died in 1518, and Dr. Jos. Eck was appointed as the papal preacher in his place. Dr. Eck was a more pro. found scholar than Luther, and even his superior in controversial ability. H e preached the Indulgence very energetically and challenged Luther to a public discussion on the subjeot in the town hall of Leipsio Luther accepted the challenge after some hesitation, and the people of Leipsic agreed that Dr. Martin got the worst of it, whioh greatly enraged him, and he preached and wrote more vehemently than ever, and caused so much agitation that he was summoned to Rome to explain and retract his foolish notions. He applied to the Eleotor, who had now to a larger extent taken up with Luther's teachings. The Elector Frederic wrote to the Pope and got Luther excused from personal appearance before the Sovereign Pontiff, who then sent Cabdinal Cajetan into Germany to hear and decide in Luther's case. Cajitan was a dignitary of great piety, solid learning, and prudence, and was canonized many years afterwards. The Cardinal proceeded to Augsburg and called on Luther to come before him. Luther came, and began a defence of his oonduct, and prepared to argue the question of Indulgences with his Eminence, who declined the honour, and told him he had not oome to argue but to receive the monk's submission. Luther then with many tears, declared his devotion to the Holy See, and wrote a letter of submission to the Holy Father, and the same night posted up oil the Carmelite Church door an appeal to the Pope when his Holiness was better informed, and clandestinely left Augsburg when he bad done so. He also sent his 95 Theses to the College of the Sobbonne, at Paris, for their approval, and ere long the College returned his 95 thesis, condemning on by one every proposition of the 95. Luther was both exasperated and disheartened by the censure of so august a tribunal as the Sorbonne, and resorted to more violent exertions, both by preaching and by the press, for the propagation of his upstart tenets. The Emperor now communicated with the Pope, and once more the Holy Father attempted to reclaim the refractory professor. Leo sent Cabdinal Miltitz into Germany, hoping that a German and fellow-countryman might have more influence with the obstinate monk than Cajetan. Cardinal Miltitz came, and invited Luther to come and confer with him, and Luther came. Miltitz did not put on the solemn airs of a judge. He sat down familiarly beside Luther; spoke to him in German, and not in Latin; hoped Luther would act with his native good sense, and no longer vex the soul of the Church by irregularities of thought and language, and be a good boy for the future. Ya, Ta. Luther would promise anything, but he told Miltitz that it was all tho Pope's fault by sending Eck to attack him (Luther), and he played the same slippery trick with Miltitz as with Cajetan. He said he would refrain from open controversy with Eok if Eck would let him alone, and on his way baok to Wittenberg he ridiculed Miltitz, and said he would appeal to a General Council from the Pope's decision, whatever it might be. Soon after this the Emperor, provoked by Luther's further disloyal publications, denounced him as a public disturber of the peace of the empire, which, of course, was very wrong the part of the Emperor, as holy scripture commands subjects to be disobedient to kings, and Protestants often quote that passage of St. Paul. Tho Pope then issued a bull condemning Luther's writigns as false and heretical; and then another bull excommunicating Luther himself as contumacious and a false teacher. Luther now made up his mind to take the next step in apostacy, and amidst a great crowd of students and citizens he burnt the Pope's bulls in the market-place of Wittenberg on December 10, 1519. December 10, 1883. A Troubled Spibit.—" Cheyne-row towards twilight," says the Mail, " has been beset of late by crowds of child e i trooping round the house of the ' Sage of Chelsea,* it having been averred by one small maid that she had seen Mr. Carlyle with a sheet over his head, who called out to her to give him a penn'orth of tobacco. The late philosopher was further described as holding something bright in his hand ' like a knife,' with which he threatened her, causing the child to take to her heels in a terrible fright. Mr. Froude himself «ould not have imagined a more likely ghost for the self-centred, weak, growling Diogenes he has. thought fit to reveal to us than this apparition in a rage calling out for tobacco." Captain Feebat, of the Touareg,. has favoured the |Mercantile Record of Mauritius with some very interesting information about the weather in the neighbourhood ot Madagascar. While at tin anchorage of Nossibe oe was witness toa very strange phenomenon. During a very heavy fall of rain, which lasted about an hour in the middle of the night, and in the absence of any moon, the atmosphere became as light as it is in daytime in dull and rainy weather. This Btrange illumination lasted the whole time of, Lthe rainfall. A bale of ohildrcn took place, after the fashion of the old Southern sales, at Oldham, in Lancashire. The first lot wuh a chjld three yean old, described as beautiful as an angel, and neatly dressed. He was purchased by an old lady for twelve cents. 