AMATEUBS ON THE STAGE. When the showman in the play complains that his proceeds are nil, Oiving to the com petition of amateurs, and expresses his con viction that to eecnra Hatiflfaetorv recfiints i(3 1111X21 u utllil dtUiaVSUX Ulllioull, 11U lilaj UO UD' [vering himself somewhat extravagantly, et at bottom he is touching a by ho means maginary eviL Amongst us, indeed, this vil haa not yet grown to such a height as t haa in older communities. Nor is thia un ccoun table. In a new country there is no eisure class, strictly so called. ' It h only ; iter the hard work has been done and the : leceasitiea of life secured that wo can afford 0 turn our attention to the luxuries. But of ate yearsthere has beonanoticeable tendency m the part of those who-havff nothing better o do, or who, though they have some hing better to do, do not do it, to rush ipon the stage and exhibit themselves 0 an admiring audience. A We do not wish to riticise the acting of our Adelaide amateurs. iVe have seen playa represented by amateurs lere which were the means of bringing into mblie notice actors who, considering their reparation and instruction, would do. credit 0 any society of amateurs. We have also lad painful experience of actors whose sole lualification for appearing was that they rare bold enough to do execrably what none -f their associates wonld do atalL But laying iside all criticism, granting even thatAde aide amateurs are as good as profeaaionalo aa we have heard their more ardent aup iortera alleging), it haa yet to be shown that_ he practice of amateurs acting ia intrinsically ' ;oo&. Ita admirers point to the. largo amount -f good it haa done. They tell ua to look at the returns it has secured for charitable insti-. mtions, so ifar exceeding the average results iom bazaars, Church fairs, &c; That young nen and women, sometimea of a high position n 8ociety- will sacrifice their leisure and privacy for the purpose of helping some struggling charity will be noted as a desirable 'eature. And the practice will further gain jraise amongst some from the f wt that by ;hia meana young men are induced to conquer ;heir nervousness and fit themselves for a subsequent active participation in, legal or egislative assemblies. One- sided political iconomists (a large class, by-the-way) are }leased to find that amateur acting increases ihe trade of dressmakers, milliners, and hair Iressers. We cannot call to mind any urther defences of the craze ; and, indeed, ihese mentioned are generally considered ionvincing. There ia but one thing necessary to the sompletion of the argument that amateur kcting is a good thing for society because it ends a hand to benevolent institutions and 'ostera a charitable feeling in the breasts of he amateur actcra. This one thing, how sver, ia somewhat important We ;do not yish to use impolite language of our own, so yould refer our readers to a passage in a «rtain Book which haa gained a high reputa aon amongst all, and some followers as well, [s there not something said about sounding xnmpets before almsgiving, and are - not iose who go through thia musical exercise ailed by a rather ugly name ? Somehow oc mother we do not invariably repose unlimited confidence in the loudest speaker. And so f a man gets up and says, 'Behold, I sacrifice my privacy and time for the purpose )f benefiting my 'fellow-mortals,' we are apt -it may not be one of the best impulses of ivhat Sergeant Buzfuz calls our imperfect latnre— to consider whether there is not something behind all this show and pother. Charity has got many, sins to cover already, my to the unprejudiced observer it seems rery hard that she shonld be required to jpread her beautiful, if at some places ragged, cloak over irrepressible vanity. It is time to use plain language. We run a :hance of being inundated, aa older com munities have been, by the ruthlesa hordes of amateurs. If they are to appear in public let them throw away all excuses and become amenable to honest criticism. They iemand money from those who would 3ee them ; they must not be surprised or hurt if now and then they get a straightforward verdict Let them come before the public on their own bottom, not stifling criticism by the reiterated asser tion of their amateurishness ; let their pieces be respectably mounted and perfectly known'; there can be no greater insult to an audience than ignorance of the words. Thus much is necessary ; but not lesa so ia this— they must know how to act. Amateurs never will be lieve that it ia not sufficient excuse for walk ing, or rather stumbling, through a play to say that they are amateurs. Why, this is the very head and front of their offending. They either can act, or they cannot act. If they can act we have nothing to say against them —they are geniuses, But if they cannot act, why do they come and impose on the public, taking its money and trying its patience ? Thia is the point of view from which the pnblio looks at amateurishness. The pro fession look at it from another. Nor should this be wondered at When the Reverend Tartuge Boanerges thundera from the pulpit of Lambeth Chapel, when Professor Binks, M.D.i Lond., walks down town arm-in-arm with Dr. Charlatan Quack, we may expect to see Henry Irving playing the Ghost to our fellow- colonist Mr, Blank's Hamlet. But it is hardly fair to expect it before the millen nium ; for the stage ia now very different indeed from what it was when it was com posed of 'rogues and vagabonds.' Here and there we may find 'modern instances' of a state of things which has long since passed away, In the ranks of the theatrical profession are to be found men of high character and attainments, inferior to none in other walks of life ; and so long aa any value is attached to virtue, talent, and self-sacrifice, in the high roll of noble women will be found inscribed the names of many actresses, representing many parts on the mimic stage— from the heroine to the ballet girl. ? Indeed, it must seem sometimes strange to the theatrical artist that his profession is defended from charges which are net even laid against other professions. He must at times be almost inclined to resent what he must consider patronage, What, then, can the artist who has spent perhaps years of study at his profession, whe has seen the best actors of bis time, and learnt his business in the school of experience— whaf can he think when he seea the conceited upstart, who has devoted hia leisure time foi as many weeks aa he has years to the studj of a part, calmly thrust himself on the public and demand a hearing ? True, he cannot demand a hearing on his own account alone : be cannot submit himself to public judgment and criticism as the professional actor must : but, pleading charity and amateurishness at hia excuses, he expects to be heard fcr.hi bad speaking. Is not such a state of thing: calculated to give the true artist a lowopinioi of his judges ? and will that not cause him tx diminish his efforts ? N ay, might ilfnbt ever tend to depreciate in his sight tho rea nobility of his art! We have nnwish,°noi is there any need, to pronounce a panegyrii on the stage and actors ,of the present day It is no diminution of their praise to say tha neither is perfect — there would be n- audience if both were. But, next to th- Press, the stage ia the great educator 0 the world. It has long aur rived ita connec tion with the Church— but one bond remain to be burst before it ifl freed from Stat- control. When at last it is alone amenabli to its proper judge— public opinion— it wil be a power gifted with immense potential! ties, appealing to all classes and condition of men. One other point remains to be noticed. I is not likely that for some time to come th amateurish inclinations of our fellow-colonist will interfere with the actual livelihood 0 real actors. But yet it iB by no means an ovei drawn picture which Miss Florence Marrya draws in a recent novel of capable actors re dnced to enforced idleness by amateurs takin] their places on the boards. If it were possibl that such a state of things shonld occu amongst us, we should earnestly recommem amateurs to read ''Facing the Footlights,' s that they may clearly see how their deair for notoriety and admiration works mischie which they little dream of, Such a coi tingency is, however, from the nature c things impossible in Adelaide for many years at any rate. The chief danger now is depreciation of the standard of escellena From this would spring many evils. Aa advertisement runs, 'Wanted a female wt ; hu a knowledge of fitting boots of a good mor 1 cfcanwtei.* -..?-.?:. 