SUNDAY READING. A Family Sermon. By the Bet. C. H. Spcegeoh. And the Lord said nato Noah, Comctbou and all thy house into the ark. . .. . • And Noah went in, and bis sods, and his wife, and bU sons'' wires with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood. —Genesis vli. 1 and 7. aOD in grace had entered in!o covenant \- with Noah that he would preserve him and his fimily alive. The tenor of4 that cove* nant you will find in the 18th verse of the 6th chapter. " With thee will I establish my cove nant; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives with thee." There was a positive foretelling or Noah's coming into the art and finding safety. The thing was fixed, and ordained io to be, and yet, when the time camo, Noah was nGt carried into the ark by force, nor lifted into it against his will by a benevolent violence.- He was bidden to come into the ark in the most nature*, manner possible; and he entered it voluntarily and cheerfully. He and his family left their houses -to find a home in theark, and bo they were saved: The covenant promise and purpose were fulfilled, bht Noah acted in perfect freedom, as much choosing to go into the ark as others chose to keep out. Now, beloved, there is a decree in heaven, ordaining the salvation of the lord's chosen people.' It is useless to deny that decree, for even if it were not so,'yet no difficulty would be withdrawn, it would only' he shifted to another place. Some of us, instead ;of d- nying predestination, like to think upon it, ar.d'fmd rivers of consolation springing from'the ever lasting purpose of the living God. '; But, albeit that God hath purposed and decreed the sal vation'of his elect, yet this by no means prevents our speaking in the Lord's name to all men; nor does it set aside the necessity that those men should cheerfully accept the gospel of God, and arouse themselves to* obey its command, by the power of greco. My heirer, I cannot tell whether thy name is written in the Lamb's book of life from before the foun dation of the world, but I can assure thee that to thee is the word of this salvation sent, and that it' bids thee believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, with this assurance—that - if thou doest so thou shalt be saved, for so hath the Lord most solemnly declared. The method of the divine arrangement involves an active con sent on our part and a willing obedience to the gospel demand. The purpose is sure, but it is unknown and unrepealed till the gospel is made known and brought home with effectual power so that the heart accepts it, the spirit obeys it, and the man is saved—saved as a free agent, saved as a voluntary being, yet not saved apart from the secret almighty purpose of the Most High, nor without the effectuil working of His grace. And so we come here, at this time, believing that there are soma in this honse concerning whom the Lord bath purposed that they shall be Christ's In the day of His appear ing. We address you all hoping that the Spirit of God will apply the word with special power to the chosen, that tley may see that they themselves must believe in Jesus,—that they must be actively awakened to repentance, to prayer, to a change of life, to confidence in Christ. When this shall happen, then shall the covenant purpose be known to them, and ful filled in them, for they shall be saved from the wrath to come. Not,knowing,therefore,who is to come into this net, we cast it into the sea, believing that Christ knows every fish in the sea and what fish will come to the net. We do not wish to know this ourselves, for it is quite enough for us toknow how to cast in the net and to be fishers of men. The. practical work belongs to us, and the result we leave with the Lord. There are two things in the two texts. The first is the call,—" The Lord said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark." The second is the obedience to the call,—"And Noah went in, and Ms sons, and Ms wife, and Ms sons' wives with Mm, into the ark." I. First, then tub call. We remark, at the outset, that it was a ciU from the Lord. " The Lord said unto Noah." You see Noah was familiar with other forms of calls, for ho had beeu the instrument of many. For many years he was a prc&oherof; righteous ness, and the principal office of a preacher is to herald his Master, to make proclamations, and to call upon men in the name of the lord to obey the Lord's word. " To yon, O men, do I call, and my voice is to the sons of men." But it was not by such colls as Noah could give that men were to be brought into the ark. For albeit we cannot doubt that he was a faithful minister, ar.d an earnest preacher, and pleaded with tho people day and tight, yet, sad to tell, not one beside his own family AntAwvl intrt tliA «rlr thivm.fl* entered into the ark through Noah's labours. Perhaps his preaching may haTe been useful to his wife and to Ms sons' wives. If so he had no mean reward for Ms pairs ; but to all outside of his family hi* word seems to liavo been powerless, as to delivering them from death bv tho devouring Hood. But now he was to know something of another call, differing in many respects, a call from the Lord of heaven and earth whose word is with power. The preacher cast only give tho general call, and it ^sMsd^^" to five it to all around him He is t.o stand in the streets and laaes of tho city, and bid men come to the feast of grace; yea, he is togi into the highways und hedges, and, as far as he can, to compel thorn to come in. hut men do not come upon our compulsion, or u|>on our • call, unless a secret something goes with our pleadings—a mysterious power, quiet, silent, omnipotent, making the voice of man to be the voice of tbc Holy Ghost, and hiding within the shell of the outward call the kernel of the inner call. . When the Zord said to Noah, l< Come thou," he did come. He did not put it off, and say that surely it was meant for others ; he felt it to be a personal call. It was "Come thou." He knew that it was for himself. Now, note that this call from God was of such a tenor, that Noah was bound personally to come; it was a call to personal action. Noah must come. "Come thou." It was net,a call of this kind—"How, Noah, sit where you are, and you will be right. Wait, Noah; patiently, . quiety wait, and see what God will do." , But, :' ho, it said to Noah," Come thou." Noah inust come, and he must come, to the ark too. ; for him there was only one way of salva* ion, any more than for anybrdy else. He must come ;o the ark which God had bidden him pre. are as the instrument of safety"; and he must conio into it. It was of no use his coming near it, but he niu-t come into it. Within iis wooden walls he must bide himself; within its vast chambers he must find a dwelling. And so, dear soul, when God calls tbee he will make thee feel that thou must cme to Jesus—n.t wait and delay, but come by a distinct < act , of the soul to be immediately performed ; and you must come to Onri?t too ; for believing in any thing else will destroy rather than'save you. Your faith must come and placj her whole re liance .upon the great sacrifice of Christ. You must come into Christ too—so near to him as to be in him, to.mske him jouz hiding place I and your refuge from the storm. You mu*t | have an inward, faith which takes you into the vary inwards. of Christ, .hides you ia his wounds, conceals you within himself. When • God calls Noah it is, " Como into .the ark ' and when God calls any sinner to himself it is. " Come to Christ; be hidden in Christ • that .you may be -preserved as the Lord's choice' •treasure." XTome, make the Lord Jesus your refuge, your deliverance, and your habitation. . Now, it wou;d. have been of no use for Noah to hare gone ou making preparations for his dwelling in the ark : that ,he had done long enough. He had gathered all sorts of food for all the creatures that were to be lodged in that marvellous menagerie; and now th&t; he is bidden ; to enter the ark he does not say, "J must gather more hay, and store up more corn and fruits." No, " Come thou into the ark1.' finished all'his labours, he , must have done with preparing, and actually enter the refuge. I know some of you haTe been; thinking about ■ jour , souls, and praying, and reading good books, and attending meetings, and trying to get instruction. Well, so far, so good; but that is not the way by which you will find salvation, the call of Gtad to your soul, is " Come • into the ark," or, in other words, come now to Jesus, and distinctly and finally commit your self to him, just as Noah put himself in the ark, to sink in the ark or swim in the ark; to live in the ark or die in the ark. He committed his whole future to the ark, and that is what yon have to do: commit yourself, and all that ; is about you, entirely to the Lord. Jesni Christ; I .Considerations, resolutions, and preparations must come , to an end and you must in very f deed "Come into the ark.". •. • > seek thy sheH'ring grace. " Pergive our wand'ring and our sin, • We wish no more to roam; Open the ark and take ns in. .. Our sonl'B eternal home." , Neither would it have done for Noah to go round the ark to survey it sgainl No doubt he had examined before that ark of gophir wood, and been pleased to think its timbers were so sound. No insect could eat that bitfcr wood. It was a tree that would not rot. No doubt he was pleased «ith the architecture of the Teasel, for be had bnilt it with no surveyor • there but his God, and it was' therefore well bmlt. God was the great master of Noah's navy-yard, and had given him plans and speci fications. It was quite right that Noah should go and look the huge vessel up and down, and see to the caulking, and make sure tbat it was well pitched within and without with pitch, and so on'; but now he must give up surveying and come to inhabiting; he must come into the ark to remain in it. And so X like you, my dear hearers, to take an interest in the person of : Christ, and in the way ! of salvation. It is a very hopeful sign when you survey the Ark of Salvation and say, "How stoutly buil% and how thoroughly weU caulked it is; never were timbers better put together, there is no fear of a leakage here; she will live out every • storm that will ever beat upon her; she is a true life boat upon a stupendous scale? Hike ! to hear a sinner say, " Christ is a great Saviour, I perceive that he is able to save to the utter : most, and I wonder at the wisdom and the good ness of God tli&t; He has devised such a way of salvation." So far, so ecod, deir friend, but all your admira'.ion of Jesus will not save yon. You must come inside His ark. By a simple faith you must at once give yourselves up to Jesus to be saved in Him. No longer look at Christ externally, tor survey Him even with a grateful eye for what He has done for others, hut come now and commit yourself to Him. .There stiodi the door, and you have to go through i% and enter into the inner chambers, or you will find no safety. Neither would it have been of any use for Noah to go up to the ark and s'&nd; against the door aud say, 'I do not say that I am tot g >ing in, and t do not even say that I am not in already; I have got one foot'in, but I am a moa:rate man, and like to be friendly with both sides. I am i*i and jet not in. If the door was shut I do not kaow but tbat it would cut me in hal es j but, anyhow, I ro not want to he altogether out, and I do not'wont to be quite in. I shou'd like to stand where I could hurry in as soon as Iiawthe water coming up; but, still, while there is another opportunity of taking * walk on the dry land I mayas well avail myself of ifc. Thero is no liurry about it, 1 is there P You see, if a man keens his finger on tho latch of llic door ho can pop in as soon as ever he sees the first drop of rain descending, or the water coming up anywhere near lum ; but is thero anyreasonforbeingsodecidedallat once ? Efcrybody likes his liberty, you know, and do *s not want to be shut in before ho needs to be, at any rate." Ko, that would not do for Noah.' God said to him, " Come into tho ark," and he went iu at'once. Noah must' not hesi tate, or linger, or halt, but in he nnist goj right in. And, O dear souls, you that linger, you that are of two opinions, if v you were wise, and did but know the danger of being outside, and the bliss of being inside, instead of hesitating you would- want to' pene trate inro the ark's inmost recesses, and to take your place in the very centre, just as I desire to go right to the heart of Christ, into the very centre of his inmost love, for there only shall I1 be perfectly at reet. Do hot hesitate! Decide! Decide at once! May the spirit of God lead you so to do. I know you will not delay if the effectual call is now being given; you will-bo cbo ient to the heavenly vision at once. ' (To he continued.) , Aflbbp ox the Box.—A curious " ccacli accident*1 is reported in the fallowing terms by the Gzreoar Chronicle:—" On the 10th instant the coach left Mount M'Donald for Carcoar, but as it had not arrived at 6 p.in "a telegram was despatched to Mount M'Donold to that effect. A search party was organised, and the coach, horses, and coachman were discovered about two miles from the Mount.,:, By some means 'the wh/Ae turn-out had got off the road in the vicinity of Ihe old slaugbtcryard, and when found the coachman was on tho box asleep with the reins held loosely in his hands. s He was very much bruised and shaken, and itis presumed that he had been thrown off the coach.; The horses were standing' quite still, though the coach wa9 broken, and from its appearance bad seen rough weather. The coachuiari; when interrogated, was quite in the dark concerning'whathad hap pened, but it is supposed: that ^ after he was thrown he must have' regained bis seat, and then became oblivioui to everything.: Those who found, the coach say that it is marvellous how, the whole-turn-out escaped to'al destruc tion." , • V ! ; : ;T.',' ; Long Houbs fob ExGiyB^DamBS.—-Ac cording to the: <S. 31.Herald a return moved for last session by. Air. Hellyer, and printed by .order of the Legislative Assembly, gives some rather stutling: information * respecting the hours of work of the engine-drivers stationed at Batliurst. There were in the month,of October last 25 of these men, and tliey did on an aver age 9 hours 34- minutes work per day. But occasionally some of these men worked 18 hours. 52 minutes, 17 hours 55 minutes, 18 hours 13 minutes, 17 hours 10 minutes, 17 hours 45 minutes, 17 hours, and in one case 19 hours 5 minutes at a time.' In the month of September the average was slightly less; being 9 hours 22 minutes; but on some occasions the men had had still harder times of it. Two men worked 20 hoars and 21 hours at a stretch. It is true that the men are paid something for overtime; but it is evident that these hours are too long, and men whose mental and physical energies are kept at tension—as those of engine-drivers must be-^cannot be expected to perforin their duties properly, and they can scarcely be blamed should a mishap occnr. j / - 