OVU STORY TELLER. WIFE OR WIDOW ! CHAPrrrT XVII, (continued.) Having seen the last of Edgar. Constanee hurried to join irs. Eversleigh anal Kate. She encountered Sir William Forester as she was leaving her seat, and he offered her his arm, and began to discuss the trial, it caoes and mischance, until Constan e. whose heart seemed only to hoot in a dull rhyme tothe awful word '"Guilty," felt na if she must scream out to hint to be silent or he would kill hier. As it w, wlhen site got to Mrs. Ever sleigh, sihe had the look in Iher eyes as of some eaged animal, making tlady to spring; and IMrs. Everaleigh, who felt really fright ened for her reason, got her to the carriage au quickly as al-could: and there, with an one to sec her weakness l,nt two pitiful umnen who loved Edgar, althoaugh tiey lovred him less than she, Constance wrept floods of hitter tearn, and her tiery trial seemed softenetd y this shower, justas fiear cold is softened by rain. Irs. Owen was waiting at the door to re ceive them, but she had no neet to ask any qnestion. Constance, as shle passetl her, mutterel the one depairing waonl, thant seemed to hannt all her thoughta --" (uilty;" and then she went away to hter own retaln, and was een iby no human eye for twelve long hours. tlo usiamll attejmpt to describe this terce battle lste fought in secret! There was more in hier grief than the others couti real ize. It was not only tat Edigara mast lie she mourned for with those bitter tears, lus because it e.eemcl to her ehe aight, perhaps, save him, anid yet shie darld not. Site knew that eres he. if her doubts couatl bt laid before hintm, would commend her first resolht tion as wise and proper, and refuse to accept his life at the price of her treachery. And nt Constant e atruggletd on vainly with the pain of lher owtn ciavictionts, and found no comfort save this--that Edgar wasinuioccut, and that lhe loved her. CIIAI'TER XVIII. Etan tehad strictly forbidlden through his counsel, that his relatives should seek to oltain a reprieve. He knew that the cvi. dence which had convinral the judge must equally convince the Queen's advisers, and tlhat he had no reason to expect any clemency at their hands. He therefore prepared himt. self for his fate bravely. He would have wishedl to take leave of his sister-in-law and niece; hbut he felt that the scene might be too painful for them, and would not eves express that wish. As for Ctratance, rememnbering her ear nest, encouraging eyes the day of the trial, he knew that site would comen, bringing hlnl the comfort of hearing fronl hler own lips that she believerl him inuotent, anit truatttl him through all. Each tinte that ie hean l the key turn in the dotr, Edgar looked np with an eager flash on his face, atnd his heart sank within him when lie found that it was only the turnkey, after all. It wanted only a week now to the day of his execution, and still he had seen no thing of Cotntance. His hopes began to fade, in spite of hlimself linad she forsaken him like all the rest, and meon to believe in his guilt!? H could not bear to think this, and yet she dial not come. Edgar grew thin and pale, and his face took a worn, anxious look. His hair, too, was taning gray at the temnple, and lae lookeld more than his age now, having kept the freshness of youthl beyond the onlary tinme. It was not that he was afraid to die, for he had a right brave heart. natd Ie trusted in the Divine will firmly. It was only that he had lovel one woman with a lore that would lhave e male him besiege her prisonu doors, had she been aillictel like him ; and this woman had deserted him in the hour of his sorest need. This tloulht oppressed him heavily as he mat in his peon-cel, his bead oesting on hti handtl Nature was in her fairest moodl thl bright summer-day, and . he could e a glimpse of blue sky through the window, and hear the ehirruping of happy hirds on the wing. They were free ; e was a pri. Poner. They coul enjoy the snttshine, atd smell the fioweut tlat lie knew mstat lie pet. fuming every lonk and Ihedge; lhe hadl nc joy out of his life, hy reason of another man's sin. He world not mnatururalould, lint in his secret soul he rebelled against the injustice of his sentence. At this minute he heard the key grating In the lock. It was not the usual hour for the turnkey's visit, but Etulgar had eaen dit. appointed no often, that lie did not even crm to look up. The door closel again il a few secondls with a load, dreary clang : lhe leant the heavy bolts drawn ngain, and sighed at the sound. There was a dleep silence, and thent a faini wolt, that was almost a cry in its sorrowful earnestness. " E?r !" "Constance!" he exclaimel, springing tt his feet, and flashing crimson to his browa and then he hell opetn his anrs. Wife or widow, Constance was a true wonmn. and thought it no shauae to accept this embrace., and to gire him the comfort of feeling, as well as hearing, that her oht faith in him had never once I?re Irruised bij a doubt, or undermined by a suspiciou. Sltu had always thouaght him the noblest at loet of living. men, anIa she thought him n still ; or, rather enowu chore than ever, foi had hIe not been patient under cruel wroug, and shown that lie could stand attislat ad. verce nriuotannotca--an.l thi iaw"as'nrel the truest nolility of all. Her Ellgar w? her Edgar still, atnd if che ouall have amar ried himt in his prison, slte wouhl have dolr anso gladly andi in all England thlere woul not have ks-n a prouder wife than Coo. stance that day. But it could not be, of course. His trou bles had endeared himt to her, but they had not removeral tlhe obstacle to tlheir union. She ihad still thlaeime doubt as to whethei Carl Ritter were living or dead ; and all til while this doaht endured, site daredt no listen to the voice that prompted her to ean feas all her deep, earnest, faithful love, anm give EsIgar the comfort of her inwanl vow, that never would she listen to wronls of love from living lips after his were cold ana mute. .'.'Constance," said FElgar. looking at lhe with ddlej, hdis?aful, imnpassioned eyes, "] trhonuht you liad forsaken me." "Oh ! Edgar, how could you think that' I have been ill. or I should have oine be fore. And nowI am forced to come alone.' "I do not regret that, Constance, if yoe do not." "No," she said, finnly, " I n quite in different to the opinions of the world, s that I bring you comfort; and Mrs. Evers leigh hasa kind of low fever, brought on b anxiety, and is not likely to leave her hb for more than a'week-" " Anld y that time, Constance- " "Haush !" she interrupted, shudderin convulsively. "Do you watt to break m: heart, Edgar! It is only y puttia tith thaouglat you suggest eatirely aside, that have the eourage to lice at all." "'But, Constance, yon will have to realit .it soon, my poor chila, andl why not now I am witl you at this miaaute, and I ma not he when the thought rtura. Tak eouage from net; I at., not afraid to dit After all,' it was a mnery to prerent or marriage; tile partiag altight lance acetate hanter to hotl, after sone short Iappine together." t"oe eould it be holaer" she nut: "'If I weore to live, Constance. )o. conu! never be my wife. We should be parte always, atd in the weary waste of years w skoul dare to dTream t of only one end-an that woilld he the nteeting int hleavecn, laher tlaere is etataying or gtag Therne' Carl Ritter ?oualal atot elnita yeua Iis wife,'and my endliring love would I reranled. ' A' it is, I go early, and sha Ihave'to wait a lontg whlile for you. "I iwish I' were older-ever no muc older, Etlgar." " hat its your age " Edgar askel, with rn afaint smile. if "I am only twenty- four, and I would he. fifty, if I could, willingly; then we should not have to he parted such a long, long i while." It "Listen tome, Constance ; yon muot not ni idespair, benuaue it is wicked. Life ia full h. of atrnlst, solemn duties, and yon nlllst fil- it til th?ee faithfully ; and then, and th :n only, i look for your reward. After all, you may ti join me sooner thanu you think ; nud if not, it rnemelber that I, having conlum?, onmt your i orronw, still cam bid yoe work anl waitL" "Yes," she said mournfully, "" when I lose you, Edgar, I must workk; I ould not a Ie idle, and thinking all lay. I have a " home now, but I most Tind something to do e in or out of it, or I shouldhi perish. I know n I ought to be patient andresirnet. Only h that the parting corer hiarl. ELgar, and I I lhall be desolate without yo. ''o know that yonu were livint, even if thousands and n thousands of miles 'lay between us, would r lave taken something front my desolation; ti but with that great lack gulf dividing to, it how ~can I reach you, Ed gar, for help or tl ctrmfort, when my heart is heary within d sle ."k " You mnust nmke a bridge of your g thoughts, and reach me so ; and if I shohuld y 1 allowed to ive you romfort, I will." Edgar talked as the dying talk, and un- a cotnsiously Constance had adopted his tone. This would probably be their last meeting on cearth, and it had all the solemntity of death in its meaning. Constance fancied h nre cotnlid see tihe very shandow in E-lgar'o t eyes r: and hlis deep voice had a far- flmsonnd, as if he spoke to her out of the distance, f being so much nearer heaven than she. I Presently Edgar looked at his watch. t "Oar hour is nearly up now," he said. mournfully. "I must give you my last messages. Constance." " liut mayn't I see you againl '- It werhi he too trrrct for you. diarling. and you arc looking sadly now. You mliglt, . lut 1 ought to forego the pleasure for your sake. ' " Unless you forhid mie, Edgar. I shall come." "Anti I have not tihe heart for such self sacritice. But if anything shouhl prevent it, give rmy dear love to Kate. and tell her s to be comforted, for I dlie innocent. All t tihe property will go to her, as Fredericc orelrattnt is dead, tnl tleren is no male hleir. f I am sure she will not turn Mrs. Owen out, 1 so I ned say nothing about that ; and as I for the oldl trees, Kate loves therm well, and t will keep the axe away front their roots as long as shre lives. You must remember me to Mrs. Owen. and also to Mrs. Eversleigh. I have felt that tile latter thinks me guilty, I and I am almost afraid my death will he a cruel blow to her pride. Anyhow, Kate will dhatge tmy namle for a better sote day ; and site, I ktno, wiil always thinkr tenderly of the Uncle Edgar who has loved her since 1 she was a babe.' "Kate will miss you tile most-after i mle." "I believe so; but she is young, and I her impressions are quick, but not last- 1 ing. Se will have forgotten me, even be- i fore you have begun to lighten your mourn nIe paused here, and listened. "The turnkey is coming: I hear his step, he ntntnured, grning fearfully pale. "'1 this should be our last meeting, heaven bless yout, my love I" "Ol, E lgar," site answeredm, sinking on her knees, and twisting her weak armsna ont hinl, "if I lad only the power. as I hlave the great will to savn you! It will break my heart-it will break my Ieart !" Nay," he said. with a beautiful smile on his white face ; "you forget that we are to , meet again, and where ! If I have thetour age to dle, you should have the courage to He stooped forward, and their lips met in one long, ferrent, despairing kiss. Then Ihe raised ter, and stood erect at her side, whilst tile door was opening; and, somehlow, the smile that she hand caught from him hovereo about her countenance. She went nway with it st:ll there, and his prison cell. robbed of her sweet presence, becamle snd denly dark, as if the whole earth were black with the blackness of everlasting night. CIfAITEIR XIX. Coxs.??cE will never knor, to her dying day, hionw se got hlorme. In times of such distress as this, the force of habit is strong upon us, atnd we go through the ordinary routine of our dirties mechanically. It is probable that she stepped into the carriage with Iher unsal '-race ; and if the smile still lingered on her lips, she munst have had the air of a person well at ease, when we know that her reason had nearly left her front great sorrow- and pain. When she got to Mardlen Hall, site woke up to the sense of her real position, and was aile. to enter the house without betraying outwardly any signs of emotion. " l You have seen miy master, niss!" in quired Mrs. Owen, eagerly, meething Iher, as beIrfore, on thie verv thresrlol. "I Is helook ingr well? lrow foes he bear up?" "llravely," replied Constance, with a stillul sob ; "and he sent kindl messages to yoe; Mr?. Oltlte. lHe hopes that you will live Iher always with Miss Kate, amid ind tile Hall a home to the last.' "Olh, 311Ms ltcering, they will never dare to har- \lr. Edl-ar'" " s?iy" not'" replied Constance, with bitter irony. "llea?se eIr. Edgar is innocent, and they have no right to hang an innocent "' lit they have made hmlo out guilty someholw, Mllr. Owen, you see. And I ex pect there is Imarly a person in the world, excepting our two selves, and, perlaps, Miss Kate, who believes that he did not kill Frederie Marclant." "Tlhey must be very foolish and ignorant, tlrhen," exclaimeda tlhe old woman, indig nantly. "There was no doubt some tramp hanging about the old mill, who caught sight of IMr. lMarchant'· gold chain, and coveted it. He was disturled before he coult get it, I daresay, or his guilty con scielnce ladle a owarlI of him, nandso he fled, and left his spoils behind." "If you had seen him in prison, as I Imve done to-day, Mrs. Owen, you would have loved hinm better titan you ever loved him before, and respected hnrt more, besides. You can see that he is very sorrowful, and his hair is grown quite gray round tile tem ples ; but hie has tihe grand air of some uspleadid martyr through lall, and even the turnkey speaks of hint with a kind of awe. SOh, Mrs. Owen I" she concluded, in a voice onofpasiaonate appeal, "can't we do some thing to save lun?" The old wnoman shook her iead. " What help could two weak women be, miss We couldn't hold one minute against the lawyers. Heaven knows, too, I would ? do anything for the master." "If we eoiild findl ou thtIatanyone hal been hiding in the old mill Iately, we might I get a clue to the real assassin, perhopa. I hare a strong feeling tltat we must look there, and ther only, for a solutio of tlhis 1 terrible mystery." S"lButi, even if we were tofind a mran lurk lrrg tcrr', wie ualt io notihing, miss. WVe euhll toL prove thrat lito olnnrrittd tile deed, r or lthat hIe hadr taken shelter there from a 1 lad rmotive, I mightn't Iare any doubt, Sin rry own mind, as to his being the proper peron ; but tlat wouldn't be enough for tire low." "uo; onlly that if we knew of his being 1 there, suaspicious eircnmstanes might coze 1 out, and traces be discovered thlat would I help to rtravel tile mtystery, We know I that somre one committed thlis.?rime,and that this person eauld not be Mr. Evers Sleigh. It, theorefore, behoves us to find out who this rerson cas.. "Itam afsnrt that is impaosoibile S"Sils etone l a inlogr at q one time," continued Constiice; in a shrinking voice, n and lotwelnig lr'ie~r'r gailtily.: "Th tper noirtl wo Inoot peculiar and ecetet in hin man ner and movements. I should not wonder if he had something to do \with it. "Thatisst whatE want to know. I - went to the mill the first evening I came here, and then I fancied I saw some man sittiog is theltittle roorn below. It might ihave been a mero delusion ; for, whet I got into tte Ihouse, afterwards, I could find no sign of anyone about. ]lut, at tile same time, the noise I was obliged to make, open-. ing the door, would have given a person who was on his aulrd warning to escape." C iollltnt we go thewt ariu. ui8i ?i " Coaustaocu' face tluslle, ?.d slhe hesitated a momnent. Then ste answered gravely, " As soon as twilight comes, I will be ready, Mrs. Owen. If you will provide yourself with a lantern, we will search the whole house; and if any one has been there lately, I do not think we call help linding it ot." "Very wel, nmiss. And I will provide myself with something besides, if ion htave no objection. It is a very louesuome paae, tihe old mill ; and I Ihave hanl say that it haunted ! Not that I am afraid of ghosts, though. Bulot where there has been one dark deea, there may be two, for aught we know to tile contrary ; and if you haven't got a man to protect you, you must protect jourself. Are you going to Mrs. Evers leigh's room ?" she added, as she saw Con stance moving towards the stairs. ":I thougit so ; why t" "]KBaese Miss Mranrchtt is there. Sithe arrivl aolmut all hour back; and she has tern with Mrs. Eversleigh over since. I thought shte seemed in a very excited state, and not at all fit for a sick room, But she forced her way past me,.when I said Mrs. Eversleigh was ill, and said that she mteant to sce ler inder any eilratslaneea. Of course, I was nbligetl to let hier pass then." " Sihe will distress Mrs. Evreiregh, I an afraid, and retardnl her recovery. I sall see what iluy inllellee imlty etfect." "I wish you wouhl, nit"' responllde Mrs. Owen ; "for I amt sure Dr. Marlow will tcoel al when he eounts to-night; and, in.le,l. it wasn't tiy falt." "Of course not. It was imliossible for you to speak rudely to Miss Marhreant ; and we must all feel for her, besides." Poor Cecilia was one of those people who are never subdued by alllietiotn-only rent dered violent and aggressive. It was quite clear that she must feel her brother's death greatly, the cienumstances being unusually painful ; but she destroyed the ready sty patlh of her friends by the vindictive spirit she dlsplayed all through, denouncing Edgar as fiercely and confiudently as if shte lthad act ually seen himt commit the deel. lMrs. lEversleigh, weak and nervous from fever, ticebltol whe shite saw Cecilia enter her room, anid iuderstotel at once what kind of soete she should have to endme. Cecilia nletnally raved ; and Mrs. Eversleigh's timid worls could not check thoe'ferce tolrent. She ended by declaring that lMrs Everal eibgh was Edlgar' a ncomplice, and had even ill. stigatedl the norunder. in order to secure this liue inheritoance for Kate ; and, at this june. ture. Constanaeeontseed tle room. Her sor rowful beauty, utn calnm majesty of dletean our, cheekedl Cecilia's flow of invectives as if by magic. She rose. and stood facing her her eyes wide open, her thin lips compressed ilto a narrow, rigil line. it My dear Mrs. Eversleigh," said Con stance, going quietly ap to the bedside, you should not hare seen anybody today ;: you are not really strong enoutgh for the effort. I told Mnrs. Owen particularly, be. fore I went away, that you were to be kept ver quiet; but she oays it was not her Of course, Mrs. Eversleigh, I shall take leave of you at onee, now 1" said Cecilia, signifi?cantly and shie swept forward to wards the door. "I ami not accustomed to tile society of adventuiessee of Mrs. Ritter's class; and I must I eg to adl that, if my poor brother hadl been more particular in this respect, lie might have been alive now!" "We are all accomplices, it seems," re marked Mrs. Everaleigh, with a nervous laugh, when therdoor closed upon Cecilia. "I should think you ounld not allow such an accusation at thlat to trouble you in the least, dear Mrs. Eversleiglil Poor Miss Marchatt was always violent and unreason able, and this trouble has. no doubt, soured her more tlhan ever. As for my share of her maledictions, I never mean to think of them again from this hour, and I advise you to do thie aco bty your part." "And now about ltdgar," said Mrs. Eversleigh, dismissing one painful subject to begin another evei more painful still; "you saw? him, of course!" Constance gave at account of ier inter view, and Kate joined theml just as sue was oomnmeacing, o d listenel tearfully to " Uncle Edgar's" tender miescges. Indeed, there was no dry eyes in the room as Con stance gave her faithful recordi of his last words amd wishes. Even Mrs. Eversleigh seemed to recognise thel how much she hand beliedl Edgar by a bare suspicion of his guilt, and felt thalt if he only oould be spared, all her life would not be long enough wherein to make reparation. And Kate said, " if he might only conme back here free as lie always was, 1 would love him enough for ten 'ncles, and almost mlore thalt ln tamm. W'illie Let might go to uong Kong then-and I wish he would now, tfor all tht pestering us every day; I wouhld't e-oen look at hint, for fear of losing a word or a smile of UnclE t1dgar's. Anti fancy his hair being gray ." sobbed Kate. "The judge who pronouened his sentence nmust be a cruel, miserable man, at this minute, far he couldnt't lhelp seeing that Uncle Edgar was innoecent Oh, Miss Deer tg, I sohol die if some one doesn'tsave "O11, hush, Kate; why speak of such things :" replied Costaunce, in a tone of in finite distress. "I try to shut my eyes to this awful end, and endeavour to believe only that lie is going to die." "You are right." said Kate, thought fully; "there are some things we ought not to try and realize. And out of all this gloom there is one bright spot, and I may as well dwell npon that as miythig else. Willie Lee is so faithlful, and good, an true ; ani;when I spoke ill of htn just now, I didn't mean it the least in tte' world. He comes every day, because he is so afraid to be supposed to forsake us ; and Itis right honest and true to thle core, and I begin to love him with all my heairt Besides'I can trust him." .-'" And.you.aremalyengaged' . Con stanio asied.;. n k d ; '- .," "Really. He canme yesterday; 'and somnehow-well;'I accpted htim, I told =you"-mand tile faintest shadow of a smile crossed her lips-" that i this world we always come back to our first loves. CHAPTER XX. IT had been a lovely day, bright, and clear, and warm, with summer 'nahsine. But I towards eveninb'g the weather changed. The clouds began to curdle, and darken grmlu olly ltoa mtisy grey; mnd then the rein fell ottly, but steatlity, and the thirsty flowers drank downu tile sweet draought with eager ness, mnld lowered trheir heads hi revrerent thamkfidness. "It is a heautifuorein, and badly wanted," said Mrs. Owen, opening the window of her little rono, mitd looking out; "but it woul have eenhbotterfor us if it tl only kept off a couple of hlours. You are not very strong, miss, to be out in the wet." "I shall ntot take any harm; I am much Wmor anxious aiI dt you," Constance replied. Sagain :" ' 0 " I should thinki it had made a mistake, Smiss, if it came il June. Bt I slhall put on Smy winter-cloake all tile atns, mid a pairof d 'thick goloshoea; mlid theni, if I etch oald, I shialt eonole myself with thinking of the t caus. I'd snap mny finger at rheoatltism, or even lubagog, fsoo I could serve my master in any way."' " " You leave got ttoe lantet ready *' 1 'Ye. tuiS, and tib soilething ele thalt I spokoof, too." I (To be eintinled).. 