THE MERCURY. MONDAT MORNING, APRIL 9, 1883. One of the great questions of the day is, how to deal with intemperance. In com- batting the evil, various means have been tried in different parts of the world. - In England the matter has received a much greater share of attontion during the last few years than was ever bestowed upon it previously in the Mother Country. The improved measures adopted for the regu tion of the drink traffic, and the v'gilance of the authorities in prosecuting publicans for breaches of the law, such as keeping open their business premises during pro- hibited hours or supplying drunken people with intoxicants, have dono much to counteract the evils that seem to a great extent inseparable from the sale and con- sumption of alcoholic liquors. Again, the establishment of temperance) as- sociations, such as the Independent Order of Good Templars and the Church of England Temperance Society, has un- doubtedly resulted beneficially in the saving of thousands of men, won en, and children from degradation and ruin. Who can tell how many homes have been made happy, which otherwise would have been miserable poverty-stricken places un- worthy of the name of home, how many lives have been saved, and how many souls rescued, through the agency of these societies 1 Thoy have, indeed, been a power for good in the land. Those who carry on the beneficent work do so frequently amid and in spit-) of the sneers and slanders of their fellow-countrymen, who refuse to recognise, or at any rate disregard, the good effected by them, and do not give them credit for honesty of purpose or disinterestedness of motive. The success of their work is, however, a sufficient refutation of all that is said' against them, and they can well afford¡ to shut their ears to the vilifications of their opponents, and pursuo their course with- out the assistance of thoso who do not extend a hearty sympathy towards thom. Within the last three years what is known a« the Blue Ribbon movement has been introduced into England, and a most successful campaign has beon carried on throughout the length and breadth of the country. Thousands upon thousands of people, including a large proportion of those who had previously stood aloof from associations whose object was the preven I tion of drunkenness, flocked to the banner of tho Blue Ribbon Army, whose vlotory, in affecting a moat doa-rable change in the habits of many persons, hits been unpara lelled in the history of the tomporance causo. The establishment in England of coffee palaces »ntl coffee houses has also resulted most satisfactorily. It seems to us that wo Tasman ians may well take * leaf out of tho book of those who manage these affairs in the Old Country. No one who really has at heart the interests of this Colony will deny that there exists much that might bo amonded. First of all, there is the regulation of the drink traffic, which, in- deed, is scarcely regulated nt all beyond a certain restriction exorcised by the licensing justices as regards the number of hotels or public-houses allowed for each town ordistriot And oven in granting licenses, tb.9 magistrates have sometimes been too liberal, and hay o more than provided for the wants of the inha bi'-anta. In Hobart, for instance, how many drink shops could easily be dis- pensed with 7 It is unquestionable ' that they aro far too numerous. In connec- tion with the carrying on of the licensing systora in this city, tboro is another im- portant matter which should be seen to at once. It is true that that to which exception is taken has been in existence for many years, but that is no reason why it should be permitted to continue. The fact, on the contrary, famishes a strong argument in favour of steps being taken without delay for'the abolition of. tho objectionable pndftce. * The' sooner an oviPof long standing is coped with arid overcome the botter. Wo allude to the way in which the law is iufringed by the landlords of hotels nnd public-houses. It has been assorted, and we believe truthfully, that at certain h tola and public-housos in this city, moro money is taken over the counters botweon 10 o'clock at night and daybreak than during the hours within which Parliament has docreod tho sale of intoxicating liquors may toke place. This law-brooking is no secret, and no one is more cognisant of tho practice than those whoso duty it is to prevent it. The police quietly shut their oyes to what is going on, and tho magistrates are also guilty of a grave dereliction of duty in not seeing that the police take action against those who offeud so openly. It rests with the licensing magistrates to decide whether a state of things similar to the pro-ont shall or shall not be allowed in the future. A« regards temperance societies, it is gratifying co know that they have taken firm root here, and it is to be hoped that their growth and bene- ficial influence will koop pace with the in- creasing prosperity of the Colony. Tho object of the members is a laudable one, namely, the benefiting of their fellow men, and certain it is that their well directed efforts can do much for this the land of their birth or adopti n. Those who aro acquainted with the suc- cess, from a moral as well as from a com- mercial point of view, of coobo palaces and coffee housos io England, as well as in the neighbouring Colonies, may well look forward to the day when there shall be similar establishments in Tasmania. In the " palaces" is provided accommodation equal to what is furnished at first- class hotels, while the arrangements for the comfort of customers at the less preten- tious " houses" are, generally speaking, far suporior to the arrangements made at ordinary publichouses. Hundreds of coffee houses have been built by com- panies who have been well rewarded for their ¿enterprise. Tho coffee housos are fitted up in an attractive manner. Meals, served by neatly - attired waitresses, can be obtained at any hour of the day, and at prices' moderate enough to suit the pockets of working-men, as well as of those ia better circumstances. There is a good supply of daily and weekly news- papers ; io fact, the whole surroundings are such as contribute to the comfort of the customers. These coffee houses aro to be found not only in the larger towns, but also in the smaller ones. Why should not similar " houses " spring into exist- ence In various parts of this colony! Whilst it is to be hoped that the long talked-of coffee palace will sion be estab- lished at Hobsrt, it is desirable that within a comparatively brief period coffee houses shall also be introduced here If there is an opening at Hobart for a coffee palace, and few will deny that such a temperance hotel would meet a niuch-felt want, coffee houses, properly conducted, would certainly prove equally, if not more, profitable undertakings. Perhaps some day, and that not far distant, the first Tasmanian Coffee Houso Company will be started at Hobart. , Unsatisfactory news reaches us from Mount Victoria, The bete noir of tho legitimate miner is becoming troublesome, and prompt action ia necessary to repress an unmitigated nuisance. As our Launceston telegrams state, the professional jumper, is afield, and with tape-line, pegs, and notice boards ia systematically taking advantage of every opportunity te harass and annoy tboso engaged in bona fule prospecting. 'Tho jumper waits warily while others face the toil and danger of exploration, and then, taking advantage of any and overy colour, able pretext which the law.by its defocts permits, becomes an instant and obstructive interloper. It needs no recital of the bitter animosities and reprisals which ensued in the early gold-mining days of neighbouring Colonies, when the jumper stalked abroad in pursuit of his nefarious occupation. The pity ia that with so many instances of defectivo laWB as affecting the gold- fields, and the efforts made to remedy such defects, those who framed the existing Goldfields Regulations in force in this Colony did not avoid all possibility of the jumper nuisance evor being experienced here. How- ever, the fact exists, and repining will not avail. What is needed ia prompt and effect- ive action to avert two threatening evils the possibility of serious disturbances among our mining population, and tho delay of lona fide mining operations. The miners have a clear and indefeasible right to claim that the complications indicated in tho telegrams we publish this morning shall be instantly put an end to. It matters little how it is done so that it is done quickly. It is admitted that amended legislation is needed to meot the growing requirements and new emer- gencies of our fast- expanding mining indus- try, but the present position of affairs will scarcely brook delay for the loigurely progress of legislative enactment. Presumably the Goldfields Regulations are sufficiently elastic to permit an instant veto being placed upon táctica which, besides being aggravating In the extreme to tho persons most nearly con concerned, will tend to bring tho good fame of our goldfields into disrepute, and also attract to our shores a most undesirable element of goldfields population. We hope to be enabled to state in our next issue that the Commissioner of Goldfields has dealt practically and energetically with the matter, and relieved the mining population from a present cause of grave dUquietude. Intercolonial Files.-The following files of intercolonial papers are to hand :-Vio toria, 3rd to 6th hurt.; New South Wales, 3rd and 4th inst.; and South Australia, 2nd and 3rd inst. ; Cible Communication.-The telegraph authorities received intimation last night that cabio communication with Eurone had boon again interrupted. Interruption on Fingal Link.-Commu- nication by telegraph is interrupted with all stations on the Fingal line. TnR Royal Mist, Melbourne.-The de Îiuty-master has issued the following return or the fortnight ended April 2, 1883: Gold received, 34,956'89oa. ; value of gold coin and bullion issued, £72,275 3s.' Id.; total gold received during quarter ending Masch 31, 184,890 G4oz.; total gold, bullion, and coin issued during quarter ending March 31, £745,163 10s. Victorian Statistics.-We have received from the Victorian Statist Part V., Inter- change; Part VI. , Law , "Crime, etc.; Part VII.,Accumulation ¡PartVIII., Production, of tho statistical register of the colony. Commercial Reports.-Messrs. M. D' Synnot Broa, annual commercial reports for the season 18S2-3 havo been issued for Victoria and Tasmania, and give ovidencc of careful and exact compilation. Good Minino Returns.-Our Launceston mining telegrams convey the satisfactory news that the results of the crushiiigs just completed in the Florenco Nightingale and Tasmania mine have been exceedingly good. In the first named the yield has been at the rate of 2oz. 5dwt. 14gr. to the ton, and in the second lOdwt. 20gr. Tho directors bf each company aro thus enabled to declare substantial dividends, and the prospects of shareholders are in the ascendant. Cheap Trim prom New Norfolk.-An advertisement notifies that during the cur. rentweek the s.a. Monarch will bring ex- cursionists from New Norfolk at single fares. Thus one more among the many inducements is offered country residents to visit the Ex- hibition. I Tub Chief Secretary and Pabtv.-Tho Hon. W. Mooro, Chief Soorotary, and tho lions. Jas. Maclanachan, Jno. Lord, and W. Hodgson, concluded tlieii-visitto Beaconsfield no Saturday. Mr. Moore returned to Hobart by the express. Mr. Hodgson and Mr. | Lord caine as far as York Plains, where they , remained; Mr. Maclanachan pi acceding to Tunbridge. j Vital and Meteorological Statistics. We have recoived the Government Statis- j ticinn's roport for tho registration districts of Ilobart and Launceston for March last, j During tho month the births of 03 males and ' 61 females were registered. This shows an ' increase of 0 births aa compared with tho corresponding month in last year, aud an increase of 8-40 aa compared with tho averago of the births registered in March during tho last quinquennial period. For every 1,000 of1 the population of tho two districts (exclusive of hospitals, asylums, gaols, etc.) the propoition of births registered' waa as follows :-For Hobart, 2-87 ; for Launceston, 2-70 ; both, 2'73. The deaths registered in March, in Hobart and Launceston, numbered 93-58 males and 35 females. Twenty-six deaths, i.e., 27-96of tho whole took placo in public institutions. Tho total number of deaths registered is less than that for tho corresponding month last year by 10, but shows an increase of five as compared with the averago number of deaths registered in Marchduringthclastquinquennialperiod. To overy 1,000 of the population tho proportion of deaths registered was as follows : Hobart, 1*25 ; Launceston, 1 -94 ; exclusive of hospitals, asylums, gaols, etc.; and in all 2*05, including hospitals, asylums, goals, otc. The meteorological observations in Hobart for March show the following re- sults !-Barometer, mean, 29-007 j thor nometor, max., 80-0 ; min., 46*8 ; dry, 04'3 ; wet, 59'7. Number of days rain, 14 ; rain in inches, 3-02. ' ! , The Juvenile Exhibition'.-The list of awards as published in our columns, so far as. completed, have been compiled by our own stan from the notifications attached to the various prizes, and this system will be continued until the labours of the committee are ended, as being the most ready method of obtaining reliable information on the sub- ject. It is necessary to mention this because the Launceston Examiner has jumped to tho conclusion that wo have been fur- nished with a special list, by cither the secretary or the committee. Our sourco of information is as opon to the representative of the Examiner aa it is to ourselves and the general public. The Exhibition.-There was a large at- tendance of visitors at the Tasmanian Juve- nile Industrial Exhibition on Saturday. In the evening an excellent concert was given by the Artillery Band, under tho conductor ship of Herr Schott, when the following pro- gramme was successfully performed: Quickstep, " Gloaming," Newton ; valse, " Venice," Hall ; mazurka, "Concertante," Mario ; selection, " Trovatorc," Verdi ; polka, " Hobart Exhibition," Schott; selec- tion, " Les Cloches," Planquetto ; valse, " Cordelia," Smith ; National Anthem. The judging will probably be finished to- day, and the awards attached to the ex- hibits. Tomorrow a grand concert will bo given in the evening. Admission both after- noon and evening will be reduced to Gd. On Wednesday arrangements have been made with Mr. Grant, manager of the Main Line Railway Co., to detain tho mail train till 7*45 p.m. On that evening the Exhibition will be opened at C o'clock, the fairy foun- tain will be displayed at G 30 o'clock, and thus visitors from the country will bo able to come to Hobart, sec all that can bo seen in a short visit to the Exhibition, and return home by the mail train at 7'45 o'clock. Doubtless many persons residing in the country who have not yet visited the Exhi-, bition will take advantage of this opportunity to do so. Shell Practice from the Queen's Bat- tery.-The Commandant of the Tasmanian Volunteer Force (Col. Home), wishing to test the efficiency of the S.T. Volunteer Artillery, ordered a practico to take place on Saturday afternoon. This in due course carno off, when some SO members of the corps attended, under the command of Major Crowther. The following officers also were present :-Captain Evans (in charge of practice), Captain Roblin, Lieuts. Harvey, and Lewis, and Surgeon Crouch (in medical charco). At half-post 3 o'clock the Com- mandant, accompanied by the staff officer, arrived in tho battery, and the battery was called to attention and the sergeant-trum- peter sounded tho salute. The practice was then immediately commenced, and 50 com- mon shell were fired from the Sin. smooth- bore guns by thrco gun detachments, and to the credit of this corps it may safely be said that sinco tho famous match Of the old Hobart Artillery in 1872, w-hen they competed against picked men of H.M. ship Clio, and won it by one point, the firing has not been surpassed. The weather was calm and tho target was, in the early morn, moored in tho river, the distance having been measurod by the instructor with the range finder, and found to bo 1,080yds. A great deal of the credit for accuracy must bo given to the No. 1 of the gun for sighting, and No. 2 and 3 for the very careful manner of loading ; and Major Crowther may well bo proud of having such an intelligent number of sergeants in his corps. Sorgt. Forsyth cut the staff in two, Sergt. Sands burst tho cask with a direct hit, and Battery Sergt.- »lajor Sweoiioy finished up with scattering tho remainder of tho target to shreds, his shell bursting in the remaining part of the cask. Colonel Home gave £2, and Major Crowther £5 towards prizes. A list of tho winners will be read out to-night at tho Commandant's parade. The guns were in good working order. The Master-Gunner was in charge of the maga- zine and ammunition. Colonel Home said the firing could not have been better. Torpedo or Engineer Corps. - The pro- gress of this new corps during the past fort- night has been steady, and under the super- intendence of Captain Boddam a good start has been made. On Tuesdays the men are iuBtructcil in foot drill, and on Fridays in signalling, and also lessons in knotting, in- cluding making joints in tho cable, etc. They have been favoured in having first-class rooms fitted up for their instruction in the large workshop. A largo cemented tank has boen built, and some five miles of cable placed therein, and the tank will shortly bo filllcd in with salt water. In the store at the lower end of drill- yard a vertical engine has been fitted up and put in working order. On two occasions during tho fort- night Captain Boddam, assisted by Mr. Honry, of the Telegraph department, has exhibited the olectric light, the instruments for which, as yell as tho engine, have been placed under tho porsonal superintendence of Captain Boddam. The corps will soon bo 50 strong, as the ranks are being rapidly filled by some of our most iutelligent artizans. Theatre Roval.-One of tho largest audi- ences which has been drawn to the Theatre Royal on the last night of tho week wns present at that favourite placo of amuse- ment on Saturday evening, when La Fille du Tambour Major was performed for the fourth time. As on each previous occasion, tho performance of this brilliant comic opera .u Saturday night wa3 a great success. The t various vocalists were applauded to the echo several times during the evening, and en- cores were frequent and unanimous. The large audienco rose in a body and cheered loudly and heartily at tho conclusion of the groat military tableau in the last act. Tho opera will be repented this evening, when the performance will bo under the patron- age of His Excellency the Governor. Tasmanian Bicvcle Cluii.-This club had another of their successful meets on Satur- day afternoon. Ten members of the club, under the captaincy of Mr. G. H. Hinsby, started from the post office at 2-30 and reached Bridgewater in nu hour, «lion a halt was called at Cooley's York Hotel. After half an hour's rest they started for town and went down to Scott's, where a halt was called for 10 minutes, and a start once more for town was made Tho city was reached in good time, after a very enjoyablo after- noon's rido. The young recruits remark that if the captain would only recollect ho had to learn to rido once, ami would not make the paca quite so hot, as is his present I custom, ho would givo moro satisfaction to I the members under his command. I The Accwent in the Florence Niort inoale Claim.-Our Launceston corre- spondent informs us that the man named Matthew O'Halloran, of Beaconsfield, who broke his leg lost Tuesday through falling tho depth of 30ft. from a plank while em- ployed at tho Florenco Nightingale Co.'s minn, arrived at launceston on Saturday by the steamer Empress of India, and was removed to tho Launceston Hospital. Dr. Thompson states he will have tho ubo of his leg again in two or three weeks. Citv Police Court.-Tho Acting Police Magistrate (Mr. Kemp) and Alderman "Maher, J.P., were upon tho bench at the' City Police Court on Saturday. John Gully waa ordored to pay 21s., or in default to go to prison for a month, for having assaulted Polico-constablo Ellis in tho execu- tion of bia duty on Friday last. Joseph lialmford was Bcntenccd to pay 10s., or in default to 1« imprisoned for a fortnight, for having disturbed the peace in Macntinrie strcet on the 5th hist. Janies Luckstone was charged with having assaulted Polico constable Williams in the execution of bia duty. On Friday, LuckBtono, who lives in a yard abutting on Livernool-Btreot, used threatening language towards his wife. Sho ran out of tho houso and complained to Polico Constable Williams. Ho advised lior to return home, which sho did. Liickatono threatened her again. Sho ran into tho, sheet, and was followed by Luckstono, " who had a shoomakor's Knlfo in -his. i hand. Police-constablo Williams there-' upon _ arrested - Luckstono, who at. tempted to stab him, and also violently assaulted him. Tho accused haying been several times previously convicted forjas-, sault, was ordered by tho magistrates to pay a fino of £5, or in default to go to ' gaol for threo montliB. ,. | Glenorchy;, Municipal Council.-A meeting of the Glenorchy Municipal Council was hold on Saturday, the Warden presiding, and all the Councillors being present. Salaries for the past month, amounting to £06 11s., were passed, as also several other small items not included in the above. The police duty return for the month was laid on the table. It was stated that the overdraft at the bank had been be far reduced that there was now only a sum of about 8s. to the debit of the council. The Warden, as chairman of the Building Committee, com- posed of Councillors Wright, Murray, and himself, submitted plans of proposed muni- cipal buildings as prepared by the committee. He reminded the council of the grant of £400 made by the Government in aid of the new building. He pointed out that what they had to decide was what further steps should be taken in the matter-whether they should borrow the money required from the bank, or whether they should raise it privately and pay it off by a sinking fund. The Warden added that a gentleman had offered to lend them the money necessary at the current bank rate of interest. The question was whether they should call for tenders. Councillor Bilton thought it would be neces- sary to get the concurrence of a public meet- ing first. The Warden said they had nothing tangible to place before a public meet- ing as yet. Let them first call for tenders and they would then bettor know what they were about. At present it was doubtful whether they could get a building for the sum named, £1,070, some of them expressing the opinion that it would cost much more, and one builder having said he would not put it up for under £1,300. The Warden suggested that tenders should be called for a two-story building, as shown on the plans, as also for a one-story building. If they could not afford a two-story building at present they might afford a one-story building, and com- plete it when they got funds enough. Coun- cillor Wright thought it would be more satisfactory to bring the whole matter before the public at once. Councillor Hallam was of opinion it would be better to get one room while they could, and the other one as soon as practicable afterwards. He enquired whether they were going to tax the Sorell Creek, the Bridgewater, and the New Town people for the benefit of Glen- orchy. It was pointed out that all these places were in the district, and the muni- cipal buildings would be for the use of all. The Warden suggested that they should petition the Government to increase the grant, which had been made at a time when building was much less expensive than now. Councillor Massey thought the building would make a. very big hole in a couple of thousand pounds. Councillor Pierce was in favour of calling for tenders as a preliminary course. The matter was ultimately left in the hands of the Building Committee, after which the council sepa- rated. A Successful Fishing Trip. -On Satur- day afternoon Messrs. O'May's steamer En- terprise conveyed a party of about 40 gentle- men to South Ann, whore a most enjoyable couple of hours' fishing were spent. Each of tlio party succeeded in catching a good number of fish, the total catch being estimated at upwards of 100 dozen, chiefly flathead and perch, some very weighty fish being bagged. The wharf was reached, on return, shortly before 7 o'clock, everyone being well pleased with the afternoon's sport. The Union Bank.-Mr. Ernest Maddox, of the Launceston branch of the above bank, has joined the Hobart branch. On the occasion of his departure from Launceston, the Examiner made the following com- plimentary remarks:-"During the time Mr. Maddox has been connected with tho Union Bank lie has made many friends, and has earned a deservedly high reputation as a banking clerk. Personally, Mr. Maddox is universally popular, and whilo j his many friends thcreforo rejoice to hear of his well-merited promotion it is mingled with regret that it necessitates a parting from ono who, by his straightforward ana manly conduct, has made himself a host of well wishers. As a rowing man Mr. Maddox will bo much missed, as ho was a prominent and promising member of the Tamur Rowing Club, and moreover lins formed ono of a winning crow in moro than one important race. Last ovcnlng (Thurs- day, 5th inst.) Mr. Maddox was entertained by n number of friends at a farewell supper at tho Club Hotel. An excellent ropast was Íirovided by Host Talmage, and the usual oyal toasts having been proposed and duly honoured, the chairman, m a neat speech, proposed tho health of "Tho guest of tho evening." Tho toast, it is hardly necessary to state, was recoived with enthusiasm, and hearty good wishes for Mr. Maddox's future prosperity wcro expressed on all sides. That gentleman having suitably responded, several other toasts were proposed, and the company then separated." The Rev. J. W. Inglis.-The Ballarat Star of a recent date announced that the Rev. J. W. Inglis was leaving for South Australia, a change being necessitated by tho shock which he received in the railway accident at Clunes. Mr. Inglis still feels very much shaken, and it will bo probably soma time before ho will be completely re- covered from his offects of the accident. The Government will bear the expenses of tho rev. gontlomnn's journey, which, it íb hoped, will fully restore him to his health. . The Australian Surveyors' Institute. -In accordance with the resolution passed at the recent conference of survoyors in Mel- bourne, a committee has been appointed to carry out tho arrangements rcccssary to ac- complish complete federation of the profes- j sion and obtain reciprocal recognition of I certificates in all tho colonies, Tho com- mittee, as wo learn from tho Herald, con- sists of Major Ellery (chairman), Messrs. Langtry, Shakcspear, and Stuart Murray as representatives of Victoria ; Messrs. Condor, Trevor Jones, and Binstead, New South Wales ; the lion. N. Thornley, New Zea- land ; and Messrs. Sprent mid Thomson, Tasmania. It has also been decided to invito the co-operation of tho Surveyor General of Queensland, of South Australia, and Western Australia, in selecting suitable representatives of those colonies to act on the committee, and to despatch to those gen- tlemen and to all Institutes of Surveyors and Boards of Examiners in Australia, a precis of tho proceedings at tho Conference, asking them to intimate whether tho resolu- tions passed meet with their approval, or if not what modifications of them they consider advisable. Sporting Items.-Wo tnko the following items from our Melbourne exchanges :-Tho return of Sir William Clarke to the turf is an occurrence which cannot provo anything but gratifying to all who havo tho interests of the sport at heart. Men liko Sir William Clarke, Sir Thomas Elder, Hon. E. K. Cox, C. M. Lloyd, and others of tho samo class, give a tone to a sport which unfortunately is bedraggled in the mire by the numerous unscrupulous followers that "go for the money alone." Mr. H. Yeend (says the Australasian) has been solectcd as the trainer of tho Sunbury horses, nnd\ already two boxes aro occupied, ono of thom by that very (ino son of Panic, Bordeaux, who pioiniscd well when in tho h to Samuel \Vildock's hands, but requiring time to mature ho vas sont to Sunbury, whoro he did duty as a stud horse for more than one season The other is a colt by Bordeaux from tho imported maro Kate U Yeend is ono of tho most lcspcct able trainers wa ha\o, and I feel certain tint ho will lcavo no stone unturned to bring them fit to the post llio Mtlbourno Cup of 1883 has already begun to attract the attention of pcoplo of i speculative turn of mimi, and til» week wo lie-ir of Arcluc having been backed at 1,000 to SO The yc-irling colt by Goldsbrouth from Maiden's Blush (Zulus dam), purchased at Sydney by Mr It. G Talbot, his aimed, and gots into 1 Wilson's stable at Ballarat Hie colt by Goldsbrough from Dolly Varden (Carmen'a dim), puiLlnsod by Mr 13 P Wilson, goes to Insmania At tho Rand wick meeting Mr E E Jonc*, of thowell knovwi triumvirate finn of Messrs Miller, Jone«, and 0 Brien, hld tho owner of War wuk the big bet 20,000 to 1,000 against tho " two Warwicks' for tho A I C and V R.C Derbies of next season Wo may add to thtse itcnii that the colt purchased by Mr J C Hadloy, at Mr Clibbon's silo at Rand wick, by Kolpio-'lhorn, will arrive by tho next trip of tho b b '1 asman from Sydney "Skttivi the Thames on Fir« "-This filtrase ia among tho most familiar of house told words, and yet very few persons may know its real signification or origin A con- temporary thus refers to the subject -" A remarkable instance of an error arising from similarity in sound is in the phrase, ' Setting the Thames on fire.' The substitution of the ñamo of a river for tho correct word entirely doprives tho expression of any moaning, ana bo general has tho error become that, foolish though tho mistako is, it ¡b perhaps useless to attempt to rostoro thu true signification of the saying, which Uko many others, is traceable to thedomestic pursuits of om- forefathers before machinery did so much of thaif'-workT'Mauy ¡ vcars ngo, beforo machinery waa introduced 1 into HoUt'inilts for theMmrpôsVof sifting flour, it was tho custom of tho millor..iojiond it away unsifted. Tho process of sifting was dono at homo tliuB :-Tho temso, or sieve, which waa moved with o rim that projootod from tho bottom of it, was worked ovor the mouth of tho barrel into which tho flour'or meal was sifted. The nctivo fellow; who worked hard, not unfreqiicntly Bot tho rim on fire by force of friction against tho rim of the Hour barrel ; so that this department of domestic employment became a standard by which to test a man's will and capacity Ut work hard. Thus, of a lazy follow or, ona doficiont in strength, it was said ho 'will no ver set tho temso on fire.' Tho word is still in common uso in Lincolnshire to signify tho bíovo used by brovvcrs to removo tho hops from tho beor." ' " Alleged Dummyism in Otago.-During the recent sale of Crown lands in Dunedin cases of dummyiBm are alleged to have arisen, in which Tasmanian residents ware involved,- and tho matter is still undor-con- sideration, and will form tho aubjoct of Par- liamentary enquiry on the opening of the coining session in that colony. From Dunedin files to hnnd per To Anau, wo glean that the Land Board auctioneer was requested to report fully tho whole details of tho auction sala of pastoral deferred-payment lauds hold on tho'23th February, 1883, and from such report, as published in tho Otago Daily Times, that tho cheques given on behalf of the alleged dummy purchasers woro those of the British and Now Zealand Agency Co. Limited (late Cargills, Gibbs and Co.) ; that the Tasmanian purchasers wero in apparent ignorance, when questioned, of the fact that they vvcro purchasing largo blocks of land ; that they had never bccii tho land they were buying; and thatoiiooftlioDuiicdmpurchasors was in apparent ignorance that his decla- ration had to be handed in, and had to be "stirred up." Tho dotait* in the roport having reforenoo to theso paitioular cases read thus:-"Section 1, block X, Strath Taievi, 3,8S9a. lr.4p.,sold at 30s. per acre te Philip Young, farmer, Clarence Plains, Tas- mania.-Purchased by E. B. Cargill^ as agent for Philip Young, and paid for. by cheque drawn by British and Now Zealand Agency Company (Limited). Declaration handed in by buyer. In reply to the usual questions put by Mr. Harlow, salesman, as to postal address and occupation, the em- barrassment and apparent ignoranco of the purchaser attracted my attention. I there- fore put the following questions to him : How long have you been hero T When ' did you arrivo ? Have you over seen or been on the country ? The answers were : -* I arrived a few days ago, and have not seen tho country ;' and ho could only give Hobart Town na his address. Sec- tion 3, block XI, Strath-Taicri, 1,808a; "lr. 20p.; Bold at 31s. 3d. per aero to William Young, farmer, Clarence Plains, Tasmania. -Purchased by E. B. Girgill, aa agent for William Young, and ^paid by choqua of British and New Zealand Agency Co. (limi- ted). Declaration produced by purchaser. I observed a similar conversation and em- barrassment between tho buyer and Mr. Harlow.-Section 3, block XIII., Strath Taieri, 1,374a. Or. 38p.; Bold at £1 10s. per acrq to William Free, farmer, Dunedin. Purchased by K. B. Cargill, as agent for William Free, and paid by cheque of British and Now Zealand Agency Co. (limited). Declaration handed in by purchaser - after some delay. I believe that this was the man who waa either asleep or ignorant aa to the necessity of handing in his dcclaraton, and had to bo stirred up. A Seasonable Hint.-In a communica- tion to the Chicago Medical Journal Dr. McGill describes a method of treating diph- theria from which ho has secured far botter results than from any other. He uses an ordi- nary hose, from 2ft. to 5ft. long, and about lill, in diameter. Ono end of this is placed over tho spout of a common tea-kettle, into which lins been put half a gallon of water and half au ounce of carbolic acid ; tho kettle is then placed on the stove over a good fire, and when the water roaches the boiling point tho end of the hose is carried under a blanket thrown over the patient's hoad. Tho room must be closed. In a short timo the patient will perspire freely. If persevered in at short intervals, tho breathing becomes softer, and presently, after a succession of quick, expulsive efforts, the patient throws ' off a coat or tube of falso membrane. The acid vapour seems to prevont the ro- formntion of exudations. Alcohol and sulphato of quinino aro used in conjunction with tho acid for the supporting properties. Wo may add to this that in Victoria, mid also in Now Zealand, tlie use of strong infusions of bluo gum leaves in tho manner above dcsciibcd has been found very efficacious in cases of diphtheria and cramp, oven whon other moans havo failed to afford roliof. Lady Freuerick Cavendish and the Dublin Disclosures.-In reply to a letter from a clergyman asking her ladyship's permission to dedicate to her a sermon he ia about to publish on tho Into Chief Secretary for Ireland, Lady Frederick Cavendish re- cently wroto ns follows :-" Tho Dublin dis- closures do, indeed, teach tho awful lesson contained in the last verso of the . third chapter of Samuel II. You will, I am sure, forgive mo if I beg you, boforo sending the MS. to tho printers, to look through it first, with the special view of seeing if there is any word that could bo turned into a desiro for vengeance. You will readily understand how I must shrink from .any such feelings. I would rather, as far na I reverently mny, adopt tho Lord's prayer on the Cross, ' Father, forgivo them, for thoy know not what they do. Tho law, I know, must tike its course, but for tho sake of-the unhappy country itself I pray that neither tho unspeakable greatness of my sorroynor tho tcrriblo wickedness of thoso men may over blind either myself or'any of'the English people to tho duty of patience, justice, and sympathy in our thoughts, words, and deeds with regard to Ireland and its people at large.-Believe me, dear sir, yours truly, Lucy Frederick Cavendish. P.S.-I cannot say how deeply I feel all tho kind sympathy shown mo, most especially by Lord Frederick's constituents." , An Irish Ghost.-Tho London Daily Telegraph exclaims :-"A new opponent of ' Saxon rule ' has como to the surface in Gal- way. The ' ghost' of Myles Joyce, ono of the Maamtrasna murderers, lias taken up his quarters in the county gaol. Tho fact must bo no, sinco it has been roportcd, and what ia more, sent to England by telegraph. To the Irish, of course, an ordinary ghost more or less is of no importance ; there aro bo many in the land of the Bmshoo, tho Leprechaun, and 'good people' without number. But the presentment of Myles is n political appari- tion, who has returned to maku life a burden to tho authorities. Now such a transcenden- tal phenomenon is really too formidable. What is to lie done ? lie, or it, c innot bo arrested, held to bail, or imprisoned when he ' revisits tho glimpses of tho moon.' Over his intangible visibility the Coercion Act has no power, mid he takes a special delight in violating thcCurfcwclauaes. There is nothing for it but to send down tho Psychical Society to reason with him. Tho story goes that ho has already so terrified tho matron and warders that they havo applied for a transfer to some undaunted gaol. Moreover, he ¡snot afraid of the armed myrmidons of the Saxon, for in the shape of a ' tall mysterious figure ' -tho description shows that Myles has grown in his gravo-he not only visited two soldiers on guard outside the prison, but had the temerity to handle theil- riflos. This is most serious, since there is moro than a proba- bility that somo stolid Tommy Atkins on duty will, one of these nights, test the nature of the visitant by a homo-thrust with tho bayonet. The agitators must be hard up when they sot afloat such ridiculous gossip among a people prone to superstition ; but since our Government has managed to exor- cise the demon of Feniunium, it may fairly be trusted to lay the phantom of an executed murderer." ' During the prisent week- tho last of tho Tasmanian Juvenile Exhibition - the a.a. Monarch will leave New Norfolk for Hobart erery morning at 7 a.m. Passeniiers will during this week ba able to obtain return ticket«, available for three days, for a ringi« fare. A meeting of the landholders of the Longley Hoad District will be held at the Longley Inn op the Mill in«t., at 8 p.m. Mcmliera of tha Tasmanian Permanent Building Society must pay tholr duea for April on Tuesday. The usual monthly meeting of the Royal Society of Tasmania will be held Inthe Museum to-morrow, at 7'30 p.m. A meeting of persona Interested In the Old Scholars' Bree at tho City School sport«, will be held In the schoolroom on Tuesday, at 8 30 p.m. Foviitv and 8tirram»u.- "I was drafted down with debt, poverty, end mftering for year», canaad by a siok family and Ursa billa (or doctoring, which did them no good. I was completely dlicouiafed, until ona fear »ko, by ilia advice of my paitor, I procurad Hop Hitters and commenced their use, and Io ona month we wera all wall, and nous of ua har» wa a sick day »loee ; and I want to say to all poor tata jon can keep your hallies will a roar wlti Hop hitara for leas thaa ona doctor's riait wUtSjqsk I kaowU."-AWoaa»uMa». Used. 