FXOTIOW. (train EnftlUti, american, still utter l'irtoilUbU.) Two fair Women. CHAPTER XXVIII. "SOMETHING WRONG SOMEWHERE," The next few days were dreary enough at the | Langley mansion. Arrangements had to be made for the funeral and burial of Colonel Langley, Mrs Langley was busily engaged in ordering her mourning, and Howard, left to himself, neither ate nor slept in his wretched- ness, and looked more like a ghost than a human being. views of his return spread like wildfire through the circle in which he used to move, and his friends many of them excited by curiosity and some by a real friendly feeling flocked to see him, But he could admit none of them ; the thought of meeting familiar faces and being obliged to talk of his trouble was more than he could bear, and everything jarred upon his sensitive nerves, Only Dr. Anthony, who insisted upon seeing him, I was allowed to come into his presence, and the sight of even his sympathetic face nearly drove him j frantic. " My life is a failure it is ruined, and I wish you'd give me something to put an end to my misery !" be said, one day, as he wrung the young j doctor's hand until he nearly cried out with pain, " Have I not suffered enough ?" he continued ; I | " have I not borne all that human nature could be expected to bear during the last three years, without the addition of this crushing, damning burden r" He had been telling his friend the story that big sister had related to him, and he was so excited and unstrung that he hardly knew what he was saying. He forgot during those first hours of his wretched- ness those calmly spoken words of faith that he had uttered to Cecile when she had told him so long ago of her presentiment of coming trouble ; he had said, " Trials will doubtless come to us in some form or other I expect them, and in God sends them to us I trust we shall both bear them in the right spirit, for we know whom ' He loveth He chasteneth.' " But he had never thought that trouble could come in any form so dreadful as this. " If she were dead," he cried, I' I could bear it better, but for us both to live and to feel that we can never be anything to each other again, will be a living death to me. Oh, to think she could have married another without positive proof of my death ! to let another win her love from me, when I have idolized her i- when I have trusted and believed that nothing could ever make her forget me I tell you George, the shock to both love and trust is more than I can bear." "And my baby-my blue-eyed Daisy-is dead." he went on, speaking like one who was utterly de- spairing. " Did you ever hear anything like it, Anthony Did you ever know of any one who was crashed by such an avalanche of woe P Oh, Heaven ! I never dreamed that such utter desolation could sweep over the heart of man, and he yet live !" He could indeed, bear no more, and, bowing his head upon his hands, great sobs shook his frame and be wept as only a strong nature can weep. It was well for him that his friend had forced his way to him, and that he had poured out his sorrows to bin?, for with all that bitterness pent up much longer in his heart he must have gone mad. Dr. Anthony could find no words of comfort to offer to a grief like this-he could only sit silently by and let it have its course. Consolation of any kind would have seemed but a mockery. He had been greatly startled and shocked upon hearing Howard's sad story, almost as much so as he had been when he had discovered him to be an inmate of that pauper asylum in the outskirts of Liverpool. He was not satisfied or convinced either. He had seen Cecile's picture-a lovely face on porcelain, that Howard had always carried, and which, strange to say, had been left to him during his imprisonment and been the only gleam of real comfort that he had had during those long years of trial-and, looking into those deep blue eyes, so faithfully painted there he could not bring his heart to believe that she could be so fickle, so forgetful of her love for him that she would have been lightly won by another without positive proof of her husband's death. But the facts seemed to be so plain. Mrs. Langley affirmed that she hneto her sister-in-law was with this Dr. Mortimer, that she had seen them together, in their own room, and he felt that things certainly looked badly for Howard's peace of mind for the future, Several weeks went by, and Howard still remained a recluse, and was worn nearly to a skeleton by his constant and rebellious grieving, Mrs, Langley also denied herself to all visitors seeing no one but this one friend who remained so faithful to her brother, and in whom she was beginning to feel a strange interest herself. But the monotony of this way of living began to be irksome to her, and she longed for some change. Besides she began to wish that Howard would arouse himself, and look into her husband's affairs, as the naturally felt some curiosity regarding her future nuances. She consulted Dr. Anthony upon the propriety of trying to get Howard to accompany her to some watering-place, hoping this might change the tenor of his thoughts somewhat, and help to build up his shattered system. "It will be the very best thing that you can do," he had told her, adding impressively: "Something must be done immediately for he cannot endure this kind of life much longer," and then, emboldened by her confidence in him, he ventured to ask her some questions regarding Ceclle's second marriage. The more he thought about the matter the less satisfied he felt. He had a feeling that something was wrong somewhere, and he had about made up his mind that he should go to (San Francisco and sift the whole thing for himself, just as soon as he could leave his friend. But His. Langley painted Cecile as a pretty simple girl, having no mind or stability of character, and as one wholly unfitted to be the wife of such a man as Howard Montgomery. She spoke freely and frankly of her opposition to their marriage upon these grounds, but said, charitably, that Howard had been so fascinated by her beauty that he would not be influenced. She spoke of her interviews with her after her return, and made her appear so unreasonable and so unlovely, so vindictive and unforgiving, on account of her objection to her union with her brother, that the young physician was forced to believe that his friend had after all been blinded by love, and worshipped an ideal instead of a real woman. Helen Langley was very careful not To mention where Cecile's residence had been while she lived in New York, or that Martha, the Scotch girl who had accompanied her from Liverpool, had continued to live with her. She feared they might go there to make inquiries, and thus discover her duplicity. She, however, kept herself posted and knew that Cecile had not returned yet, and she hoped to be able to get her brother away from New York and once away, she meant to stay where there would be no danger of his meeting her if she did return. " It is a terrible trial for Howard," she said, tearfully, while talking with Dr. Anthony. " If the poor girl really believed he was dead, she supposed she had a right to marry again ; but it it very unfortunate, for of course there can be nothing for him to do now but to obtain a divorce from her, and then notify this Dr, Mortimer to have this union legalized. "Have you mentioned anything of the kind to your brother ?" be asked, thinking it somewhat strange that, in the midst of her own that, she should have arranged everything so thoughtfully for his future. Such a thing had not occurred to him before, although he could but acknowledge that it seemed to be the only proper course for him to pursue under the circumstances. " I hinted of it to him one day," she answered flushing, but he appeared to take no notice of what I said. Do you not think that he ought to take some such steps?" "I do not know" George Anthony answered, gravely. Looking at the matter in the light in which she presented it, it seemed as if it would be best ; but as he remembered those sweet, innocent eyes, that delicate clear-cut face, with its marvellous beauty and sensitive mouth, his whole soul revolted at the thought. " Why don't you go to California and see for yourself just how matters are," said George Anthony to Howard one day', before you take any decided steps toward-" " Toward what ?" Howard demanded, sharply, and Dr. Anthony regretted having spoken in the way he had. " Toward-I mean against your wife." "Againsther! How?" "Your sister said something about obtaining a divorce, he returned, desperately, seeing that he had committed himself beyond retreat, " I wish Helen would attend to her own affairs and let me alone." I beg your pardon, Montgomery," George Anthony interrupted, flushing scarlet, " I should have let you alone, should not have meddled with this delicate matter; but I am worried to death about you. You will really become a subject for a lunatic asylum if you don't do something to set your mind at rest pretty soon." " set my mind at rest !" Howard said, with a bitter smile. " Do you suppose that will ever be in this world ? But you need not apologize for your interest in me. I know it is genuine, and you have proved yourself a good friend to me. But as for going to California to see for myself, do you think I could bear to meet her as the wife of another ? I tell you it would kill me outright," I He arose and paced the floor with wild, uneven ' step?, staggering almost like a drunken man in his excitement at the thought. " You say I shall be crazy," he went on, " if I remain this way long. I know it, but I sometimes think that would be better than the existence I now lead. I should not perhaps realize my misery so keenly. What shall I do Anthony ?" he cried, his voice rising to a wail, like the wind in a tempest, " every hour that I live only serves to make me more wretched. I suppose some would tell me to go and claim my wife that she is mine in the sight of the law-that she could be no other man's wife white I live, and I could compel her to return to me if I chose. I know all this, but every instinct within me revolts from such a proceeding. If she has voluntarily given herself to another, she could never be the same to me again and yet I long for her with a yearning that is consuming my very life. No, I shall do nothing. I shall never even obtain a divorce. I will live and die faithful to my vows to her whatever she may have done. If my baby had lived, perhaps I might have thought differently, for I should have wanted her. But it is better as it is," be added with a sigh that was almost a sob, " her mother could not have borne to part with her, and there would have been more trouble for us on that account. Was there ever a life so strangely cursed as mine, Anthony ?" he asked, in conclusion, " I do not believe there ever was, be answered, with a troubled face. " What shall I do-where shall I go to bury my misery ? Prescribe something if you can for me, a Lethe-oblivion-anything to ease this growing, devouring pain," Howard pleaded, almost helplessly for he was fast losing strength to endure. And George Anthony, looking at him with pitying tearful eyes, said " Howard, in all my life I have never felt so utterly powerless before a human being as I do before you Your trouble is one which only God can cure." " God !" the unhappy man repeated, a blank look stealing over his face, and speaking in a startled tone. "I believe that I have actually forgotten that there is a God !" " Remember, my friend, that He has said When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee, and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee ! ' when thou walkest through the fire thou shall not be burned, neither shall the flame kindle upon thee." George Anthony repeated this in a gentle, reverent voice, and Howard Montgomery bowed his head in humility and contrition before the mild reproof; He had indeed forgotten that there was one above 1 who ruled all things ; he had forgotten everything save his own trouble and pain. He had been rebelling against his Father, smiling back the hand that was chastening him, perhaps for his own good, and he was stricken with remorse for his lack of faith and trust George Anthony, seeing that he had stirred better thoughts within him, arose and went quietly out, leaving him alone with One whose healing power was far greater than that of any earthly comforter. CHAPTER XXIX. OKLY A BABY'S SHOES " Go to California and see for yourself," The idea was utterly repulsive to Howard, and if any one save George Anthony- his Sister even-bad proposed such a thing to him, he would have indignantly rejected it upon the spot, But the words haunted him continually ; night and day they were constantly ringing in his ears, Go where he would employ himself as he would in reading, writing, sleeping or waking, it was always the same-" Go to California and see for yourself." A spirit of fierce antagonism took possession of him he became angry, irritable, and nervous in consequence of it. "I feel not go," he reiterated again and again, and when at length his sister proposed a trip to Saratoga, he readily acceded to it, hoping thus amid new scenes to rid himself of that haunting thought, and so to Saratoga they went. Three days he remained there, and was even more restless than before; he could interest himself in nothing-he could enjoy nothing, while the gay company by which he was surrounded raBped and annoyed him excessively. Every day he became more wan and haggard, and dejected, until Mrs. Langley grew alarmed for his health, and to fear that perhaps her wretched plotting might result in her brother's death, During the afternoon of the third day of their sojourn at the springs he sought her and startled her with the declaration : .' Helen, I am going back to New York," " What for ?" she demanded, greatly disturbed. " Because this life of inaction will kill me quicker than anything else," he answered, desperately. " I must have something to do. I am going to try what effect work will have. I am going into business of some kind.' \- You are wild to think of such a thing, Howard, at this season of the year at all times, 'find in your present state of health, she replied, while a hundred possibilities flashed through her mind, Cecile was liable to return at any time ; she knew that she must have left for San Francisco very suddenly, consequently her business of business she really had-must be in an unsettled condition, and if she came back to New York she was likely to meet her husband Martha, too, might meet him upon the street, recognise him, and then all her plans would be destroyed, and she herself brought to grief and shame, "It matters little about my health-it matters little about the season," he said, moodily, employment of some kind I must have or I shall indeed be crazy. At all events I shall return to New York to-night." "What shall I do here, alone?" Mrs. Langley asked, with an in injured air. " You have been here alone many times before, and I am no company for any one now, as you very well know, I do not think you will suffer for society, Helen," he replied, with something of sarcasm in his tone. She flushed. "How will you live ? where will you stay ?" she asked, anxiously. " I shall manage well enough do not worry about me. I shall take a room down town somewhere near my office, and get my meals out "I think I ought to return with you, and see that you take proper care of yourself," Mrs. Langley Bald thoughtfully, "I do not, Helen," Howard returned, decidedly; " my object is to get away from everybody and everything that reminds me of the past ; perhaps if I plunge into work, I may be able to stop this dreadful thinking I shall take hold of your affairs at once for they ought to be settled immediately now. No, stay where you are until you are ready to go home, then drop me a line and I will have the house put in order for you." She saw it would be of no use to try to dissuade him from his purpose, and as she could not endure the thought of going back to the seclusion of her own home, She let him have his own way without more ado. And so he returned to New York that night, took an office in a busy portion of the city, and imagined that he was going to forget himself in work. But it was of no use he could settle himself to nothing, even though he discovered the startling fact that Col. Langley had been hopelessly involved at the time of his death, and that his sister's affairs were in a very bad condition. There was no peace for him, while it seemed as if a thousand demons were continually shouting at him " Go to California and see for yourself." Driven nearly beside himself, he said, at last : "I'll go ; it can do no harm, and she need never know that I have been there. I will satisfy myself that everything is just as Helen has said, and then that will settle the matter. It she is happy amid her new surroundings, I could never do anything to trouble her. So, dropping everything and telling nobody of his intention, he left one dark, rainy evening for San Francisco, It was now about the first of September, and some two months since Helen Langley had been summoned home to her dying husband, and there had been great changes in Mrs. Lawton's pleasant household during that time. It was night when Howard arrived in the great city of the far West, and he was so utterly worn out with the long, tedious journey, that he was glad to seek his bed immediately, where he dropped at once into a heavy slumber, which lasted until late the next morning. Then, in a fever of impatience for was he not breathing the same air with his beloved -he made a hasty breakfast called for a directory and looked up the name of Dr. Mortimer. He readily found the street and number of his office also where he resided, made a note of them and then wandered forth upon a tour of investigation. Arriving at the physician's office, he rang the bell. He had determined to make him a call, ask him to make an examination of his physical condition, and measure the man who had robbed him of his darling to ascertain if he was worthy of the prize he had won. He surely looked as if he needed medical advice, for he was worn almost to a shadow ; his face was as devoid of color as marble, and the excitement and exertion of the morning had made him trembling and almost breathless. There was no answer, however, to his ring, and the office seemed deserted. Three times be pulled at the bell with the same result then there was the sound of a sash being raised, and a tangled head was thrust out of a window above him, to What do you want the voice of a woman asked, in no amiable time. To see Dr. Mortimer," Howard answered. "Dr, Mortimer it dead!" was the startling reply, and the window went down with a bang. " Dead !" Howard's white Ups repeated mechanically For a moment it seemed as if he had been shot through the heart, it gave such a violent bound in his bosom, and it was some time before he could command himself or gain strength sufficient to move away from the place. " Dead ! and Cecile where was she ? Was she left desolate again, to fight the battle of life by herself friendless and alone in a strange portion of the country ? A feeling of tender pity took possession of his "Poor child" he murmured, "hers has been a ead, a cruel life during the last three years." " Shall I go to her ?" be asked himself, with a wildly throbbing heart, " Would it cause her more of pain than joy to see me now and if I do, what relation am I willing to assume toward her They were hard questions to ask they were harder to answer, and for a time he was too bewildered and excited to know what course to pursue. At last, he decided to go to the physician's residence, make some inquiries regarding his death, and trust to circumstances for the rest. Arriving at Mrs. Lawton's house, be asked to see that lady. " Misses not at home, and," said the colored boy who answered his ring. Then, seeing Howard's perplexed look, he added communicatively : She has gone into do country, bah, for a month -she done gone worn out wid de care and trouble, Nobody but dis chile and de housekeeper here now." " Can you tell me anything about the physician who died here recently ?" Howard asked, anxious to know something of the particulars, and hoping thus to learn where Cecile was "No, sir not much," returned the darkey. "I do berry much about Massa Mortimer, 'cept he right down good manners body club and 'spect him. But his darkey only came a day or two 'fore he died." " Is the housekeeper in can I see her ?" Howard inquired, He did not like to appear too curious before a servant like this. " No sah ; she has gone to market," was the dis- couraging reply. " How long is it since Dr Mortimer died P" and he slipped a piece of silver into the boy's hand as he put the question, Most a week-he.waB buried three days ago, she," said the darkey with an appreciative grin, as he received the money. "And-and his family-his friends-where are they ?" He could not endure it, he must know something of Cecile, although the words almost choked him as be uttered them, for, san ! the poor man hadn't any friends, 'cept his bladder and the beautiful lady, who left do same day ob de funeral." The beautiful lady ! That must be Cecile, said she had probably gone home with the doctor's brother for the present, Howard put his hand to his head in a bewildered way, while an expression of pain swept over his face: . There was an uncontrollable longing in his heart to look just once more upon her face, and he was bitterly disappointed,- he did not realize until that moment how much he had hoped to see her, even though he had not intended to seek her. " Where did they go ?" he asked, trying to steady his shaking voice and lips. "Do' 'no, sale ; the nigger didn't hear 'em say," the boy returned with a glance of pity into the white, pained face before him. That bright piece of money had won his heart, and his sympathies were aroused for this friend of the dead man's-as he believed him to be-who had come too late. "Massa a friend oh de doctor's, and he has come too late," he said " but p'raps he would like to take a look into Massa Mortimer's rooms-dey just as he left 'em." Being alone in the house at that moment he was emboldened to be obliging. Howard seized upon the proposition eagerly. Of course he was the friend of any one who had been kind to Cecile. " Yes, I am a friend, and I have come too late, it seems. I should like to look into his rooms, he said, huskily. He grew almost blind as he stepped into the hall, and thought he was in the house-that he should see ! the very rooms that his darling had occupied last, She servant led the way up stairs, Howard following and opened the door of the parlor which Cecile had occupied during her sojourn in San Francisco and as the unhappy husband entered he felt almost as if he was standing in his presence of death, everything was so still, the light was so subdued, and the air so heavy. He sat down in a chair, for he was so weak that he could not stand ; his heart was beating like a sledge- hammer in his bosom, his ears rang with a sound J like that of roaring waters, and if he could have lain down and died there also, where her feet had trod, he would have breathed out his life without a regret, He was so weary with his pain, and he knew that Cecile, having been the wife of another, could never be the same to him again, The bell rang while he sat there, and the kind- ] hearted darkey, with a pitying glance at the suffering man, and a hasty " beg pardon, she," disappeared to answer it. Left alone, Howard looked curiously around the room. It was handsomely, even luxuriously furnished, | and many tasteful little adornments still remained to testify of Cecile presence there. There were several fine pictures upon the walls, I a rare statue or two, find a number of cases and ornaments. Howard staggered to his feet, and moved about j mechanically to look at them, but he was never able afterward to recall the subject of a single picture, his mind was so filled with Cecile and with his own misery. he was treading the same carpet that her feet bad pressed; he was breathing the same air that she had breathed; he had sat upon the same chair, and his eyes rested upon the Same objects; but there was no comfort in it it only made him feel more keenly what be had lost. He peeped in at the bedroom door, but the blinds were closed, and the room wore a gloomy aspect j that made him shiver. Here, doubtless, the doctor had died, and here, too, in all probability, his child had breathed her last. He retreated, and shut the door again with a groan of pain. Suddenly, as he was passing the mantel, his eye was transfixed by an object that made him cry out again. It 588 a baby's shoe a little blue kid shoe, worn at the heel and toe, but still retaining the shape of the tiny fact that had wore it, He caught it to his breast with an almost fra. gesture. "It is mine!" he whispered, hoarsely. "It mine," be repeated, as If contending with some or for the possession of it. It was pitiful to bear the hard, dry sons which shook the strong man through and through, as he pressed that little shoe to his lips, and felt as if his heart would burst in twain; He knew that it had belonged to his Daisy-to his darling, who was dead, and henceforth it would be the most precious thing in the world to him, while it thrilled him with such tender love, yet such deep , despair, that he wondered if any one in all the world had ever been so utterly wretched as he was at that moment. There was no other article in either room to tell him that his wife and child had ever been there, and yet the very atmosphere seemed pervaded by their presence, He stood like one in a trance, his head bowed, his hands reverently clasping that tiny shoe, until he heard steps on the stairs, and knew that the servant was returning, and that he must go, Then hastily thrusting the little treasure that he had found into his bosom, he sat down again and tried to compose himself. " It is no robbery, he said " no one has so good a right to it as I," he thought, pressing it close against his heart, "Ready to go downfall?" the darkey asked, as be entered, and speaking in a subdued tone as he noted the traces of deep emotion upon Howard's face. " Reckon he must be a brudder or cousin, or something, to feel so powerful bad," he soliloquised. "YeR, I am ready," Howard returned, and silently followed him from the room. At the lower door he put another piece of money in the boy's band and then, with a word of thanks for his kindness, he went away. He had longed to ask something about the death of his child, and concerning Cecile, but he could not command himself sufficiently, and perhaps, after all, the man would know nothing about Daisy, as be had only been there so short a time, and he did not care to betray anything of his trouble to curious eyes. "It cannot matter," he sighed, as he turned his step toward his hotel; "it would only keep my wounds bleeding, end I cannot bear much more." Yet, if he could have known where his child had been laid, it would have comforted him somewhat to have gone to that little grave and laid some tribute upon it expressive of the tender love that was surging within his heart for her, CHAPTER XXX, SHORN OF BBS GLORY. Meanwhile Helen Langley was playing the part of an interesting widow at Saratoga, with her combat zone and heavy crepe, her dainty caps and deeply bordered handkerchiefs. She was a strikingly handsome woman, and where ever she went she was sure to attract attention. Tall, willowy in form, with a proudly poised head, a clear, brilliant complexion, hair like jet and eyes like black diamonds, and with an undisputed position and the reputation of possessing an exhaustless purse, she could not fail to be a mark for admiring eyes in any place. But she had not a suspicion of what her brother was about, for she had not heard from him for three weeks, and she was beginning to feel quite anxious about him, But the time had passed very swiftly, for Dr. Anthony, for some reason, had recently made his appearance also at Saratoga, and seeking Mrs. Langley's society, bad, in a quiet way, constituted himself her escort and companion on all occasions. ,.<-.* The more she saw of him the more she became interested in him. He had a widely extended reputation was highly cultivated, and, although not remarkably handsome, was distinguished in his appearance, and possessed the power of making himself exceedingly entertaining, Thus the time spent in his society seemed very short, and her brother was hardly missed. But one morning she was aroused from this dolce far niente in no gentle manner, A letter from Howard, brief, but of terrible im- port, had come at least, and its contents, for the time being, crushed the proud woman to the earth. "Dear Helen," he wrote the administrator appointed by the court to settle William's affairs has just left me. He says the bubble in which the colonel invested so largely has burst, and every dollar is sunk ; the bulk of your own fortune was used in the same way, I believe. And this is not all the block on West Forty-third street was burned last night. and the paper of the day before gives an account of the failure of the insurance company in which it was principally insured. I find upon looking over the papers which you gave me, that William owed quite a number of debts, and if anything remains, these of course must be paid. This is bad news, Helen, and were it not for me, you would truly be placed in very trying circumstances. But do not fret-you are all that I have now in the world, and while I live you shall want for nothing; if I die, you of course would inherit my fortune. I will save what I can from the wreck, but I may as well tell you first as last that it will be precious little. You need not come home if you like to remain where you are, and I will send you a check in a day or two for all your needful expenses. Your affectionate brother, H. MONTGOMERy." "Bad news! I should think toP' Helen Langley cried, savagely, after reading this letter, her face white and almost convulsed with mortification and anger, while she passionately tore the massive into strips. "All that immense property gone to the winds, and my own private fortune sacrificed with the rest. I was a fool to let him touch it !" she almost screamed, in a paroxysm of rage and pain. To be poor, in her estimation, was the unpardon- able even to be obliged to work for one's living was to be reduced to the very depth of degradation and shame. She could wink at follies and dissipation, she could smile blandly upon brainless tops and camper ing ignorant girls, and cultivate the acquaintance of old men and women in their dotage, if they but possessed that mogical passport-wealth. Because of the unfortunate circumstances which had reduced Cecile to poverty, she had sought to ruin her life, and heaped all manner of abuse and insult upon her; and she would have been glad to drive her forth friendless and alone, to beg or starve, rather than that such a blot should fall upon the fair escutcheon of a Montgomery-that he should marry a beggar. Now the tables were turned, and she was shorn of all her glory. It was not a pleasant thought, and came home to her with a force that made her cheeks tingle and her proud eyes droop from shame. She stood exactly where Cacile Vavasour had stood a little over four years ago and if any one had came to her, and talked as she had asked to that fair young girl, on the day before her marriage, She believed she would have killed that one had married Colonel Langley because she was ran bilious, and he was an eligible pigs, and because such a marriage would increase and strengthen own fortune and position. She did not know the meaning of the word love when she became his wife, and although they had always got along comfortably together, she experienced no poignant grief when he had died, as we have already seen from her solicitude regarding his will. During his short acquaintance with Dr, Anthony, however, she had been more powerfully attracted more easy swayed by him than by anyone else during her whole life, and she had already begun to consider? whether, when a suitable season for mourn S fog had elapsed, it would not be worth her while to I strive to win him. At all events she always exerted [ herself to be particularly entertaining whenever he [ honored her with his presence. Dr. anthony's position in a worldly point was above GJMticism, while his wonderful skill and success in treating diseases of the brain had given him a widiTfréputation, and, added to these pleasing facts was toffee important one that he was the possessor of a force of at least half a million. So Mrs, Langley bad sighed over her brother's I unhappiness in his sympathizing ear, expressing her I deepest gratitude for the timely aid he had given rsAlffljäFabroad-confided to him her own troubles, and I WtfbBulted him upon some slight derangement of her I ran system and strove to interest him in her gene Ljfljally, with an eye to the future, wife She was very intelligent, very brilliant, and very ' "fascinating when she chose, and it is not to be wondered at that the talented physician was attracted -by her, and that, as he had very few acquaintances sale at the springs, he spent much of his time in her in society. a . But when she had received Howard's letter, and r'';'-,, learned that she had been reduced from affluence to a j., - poverty-that all her boasted wealth had " taken to D "J- itself wings," and she was entirely dependent upon L . her brother'? generosity for even the bread she ate ?";|1 she who had recklessly spent her hundreds upon a %(.!*> whim, she was crushed by the blow. she "What a fool I have been I" she said, again and <}f{ again, " to allow William to touch one dollar of my ill! fortune. I might have had it all to-day but for his fk[ stupid speculations and now I must go to Howard sailors every cent I need." it It was long before she could regard the situation of- with any degree of calmness. She spent most of the day in weeping and bemoaning her terrible misfor ii, : tune, in getting over the disgrace of being poor, and of having the world know that she, a Montgomery, had his, lost her all. !,-; "I never can endure it," she cried passionately, ' at is to have the finger of pity pointed at me to have If people say, ' poor thing 1 she lost everything through in her husband's speculations,' and then turn coldly ft away from me." II Then she remembered her brother's words, > S A While I live you shall want for nothing," and per 'I bags after all, the world need not know of her loss ; 20 they would of course learn of her husband's ; she y% conld/BtlU have Howord'a ample fortune to fall back of me she need not curtail in anything, and she . M move in the same circles, shine in the same for duty as heretofore and if, by and by the could arms George Anthony and his half million, She need K*fcf6rrow no trouble for the future SLY In the midst of this scheming there flashed upon her memory that scene in the grounds of Vavasour place, where she had gone to try and break Cecile'a engagement with her brother, she had said to her I" I will not have Howard lose caste by stooping Vito wed a girl like you without a dollar to her name." i s land "A Montgomery never yet lowered himself by marrying into a poor family." 1 } She flushed an angry red to her very brow as these ' j scathing, insulting words rose up to reproach her is. now. (.-' Did she not stand in the same position that that fc beautiful girl had then occupied? and did she ? ?"¿¿éfgfflie copiideî'lieraelf unfit to wed even the best man in the country on account of it A start was a disgrace for a Montgomery to wed a :,, beggar, how would it be regarded for a man of health and position to marry a beggared Mont i geometry P '? J How would it be with George Anthony P Wouli { It " injure his social standing, his " business pros- pects," and would he " become the talk of his whole circle of acquaintance," if he should marry her BowS ht" she had never anticipated that her own words $ would rise up and condemn ber thus, and she now has realized something of what Cecile must have suffered, grand something of her depth of affection when she had straightened her slight form, and answered in a those sweet yet ringing tones : "No, More. Langley; I am going to marry Mr. Montgomery, because I love him!" It seemed as if the past were bound to haunt her to-day, for, following this, that scene in her own drawing-room on that day when her brother's wife had returned in each trouble from Europe, came up before her with almost startling vividness. She had come to her heart-broken, penniless, and i friendless, and she had scornfully repulsed her, had refused her aid or shelter, and used all her influence to keep even what rightfully belonged to her from to Men. I 'j Surely she was reaping something of her reward 1 now for it 1 Then she recalled how proudly the desolate young wife and mother had gone forth from her presence, how patiently she had toiled for bread for her child since ; how bravely she had battled with the world and poverty, rising above her troubles, and conquer- ing, by her energy and perseverance, her adverse fate, and winning a competence for herself. P/ realized for the first time that it had been no with thing for her to do that she was not the sun , inefficient girl she had always represented her to put a brave, strong, loving woman, MiVhat could she do now and where would she be if it were not for her brother the man whose life she had been striving to ruin by keeping him from this noble wife ! She knew that she could not battle with sorrow poverty as Cecile had done-that she had not Either the courage nor the ability ; she knew that she jf would weakly sink into oblivion and despair if left fe alone, and that that beautiful girl, who was at least eight years younger than herself, was by far her superior ; she had matured into grand and queenly beauty, while in character she was stronger, purer and nobler in every way. "Why does she haunt me so to-day ?" she exclaimed, springing from her chair, when she could endure her thoughts no longer. " Have I not enough to bear and think of, without having her thrust upon me thus ?" " No one shall ever know of my poverty," she went on, lifting her head haughtily. I will never J raise my hand to fight against it-a Montgomery a work never ! I will still glory in my name and a race, and no one shall ever suspect the truth," "-% "I suppose good people would say that conscience It was troubling me with these thoughts of the past, in gg connection with my loss," she resumed, scornfully, at after pacing excitedly up and down her room for fear some time ; " but I will rise above that weakness at I- least. I have hated her from the moment that she so proudly defied me ; I will go on hating her to the end, and if I ever meet her again, I will crush her if I can I wish she need never enter my thoughts again ; I wish I could consign her to oblivion for- her. I will go out; I shall go wild if I remain shut PS 2 is up here thinking I will cast care to the wind, take the goods the gods provide, and use all my arts to secure for myself a brilliant future," She acted upon her resolution at once arrayed herself with great care, and went out for a walk, hoping to encounter Dr. Anthony, and forget in his presence all unpleasant thoughts and cares. She did meet him but how ? It seemed to her as she entered Congress Park, and almost at the gate met George Anthony face to face, and passed him by without hardly a sign of recognition, because she dare not appear to know his companion-it seemed to her, I say, as if all the spirits of evil had conspired to drive her wild by a complication of startling developments and surprises and a feeling of helplessness took possession of her as she wondered what would come next, (To be Continued,) 