Mrs. Grundy's. Gossip. III. Mel. ~ Editor,—If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then how ..pleased your many countty correspondents will be when they observe tnt£ f, following their example, commence my gossip this week by making aUusion to thsit oft discussed topic—(he weather. If to paint the lily or gild refined gold are works of supererogation, so also is it one to remind yon, sir, that we have been having some very warm weather lately, with* its usual concomitant evils, such as dust, hail, eto. B'utjny inaiu object in -deeoanting upon the weather is to formulate an idea 01 Grundy's, who, actuated by feelings of 1 sympathy' for persons who are obliged to toil beneath the midday sun, thinks thehouts of labour should be so divided in the summer time as to give the toiler a chance to escape the fearful midday heat. His idea is that it-would be better both for oapitalist and labourer if the latter did one half his work in the-cool of early morning and the other lialf in the afternoon. He thinks . by such'an amngementmen would be able to do far more work than now;'handicapped as they ate by the oppressive hwt of the midday sun. Thisis the' way tlungs-are done in other warm countries, and might be followed with advantage here. Still following in the footsteps' of ?' rom the'weather to the- twin enbjeot'- of the crops, lavas',very muoh pleased to ape that Mr. A. "P. Holroyd, of Sherwood, had introdaced a description 'of wheat that will defy the attaoks.of ' rust. Many years ago, sir, vast quantities of wheat were grown in the County of Cumberland, which was:then the grar jry of the colony, bnt the rnst came: and swept & v all away, compelling the farmers to turn - their - attention to fruit growing, a far lighter if n' .s mere : luorsti ve oocupation than whfeai-giowin;... To giveyouanidea of the quantity of who"-.. raised I may mention that at one timePi-j; j/- matta had-four mills : constantly engaged-in. grinding flour, fromhomegrown grain.. Thesemills were, the "Australian," at the foot cf Geoige.etraet, owned by the Messrs. Byrnes;, the Cumberland," the 4ate Mr. Harvey's, at the foot of Smith^treet; the "Darling" near the Windsor tell»bar upon the weather-beaten 1 Wills of which can still be read the legend 4 (" 8ettier's wheat ground daily "); and anothe' that stood on the bank of the creek be-, hind .the gaol.. Erom this you will seewhat' the rust has-done for Oumberland, either, closed up these establishments altogether, or,- converted them into other uses. ' If the De~ fianoe" wheat, inttoduoedbyMr.Holroyd,wiU. really repel (he ravages of rust' then the benefit*, he confers upon.the oolony nt large are simply incalculable. Whilst on the subjeot of wheat L may. mention that. Dr. Iiyon. Playfair, In addressing the • Boyal Society, of "Wng^w^ -a. short .time lwpk, advised, the'.British lamer, to give,up,the growth of. cereals:and take tc the . iCultiv^tdon of roses and other.-flowersi Mhioh',- was a leas laborious;and far moreprofltaU* ocoup#tfen,.the fiowprs fiqdinga ready sale the perfumery manufactories. The thought has just struck me that thore was still anoue..- mill in this ancient town, and that a, null. . which utilised both wind and water fori its motive power. It stood'on the site of the gas works, near where the new bridge is, being erected over the river. .It was popularly.supto be haunted, and if one only had the lood. to stand in the mill yard until the "midnight hour when' churchyards yawn, and graves give forth their dead " he would see the face of a, grisly ••—itre appear at .a, certain window, give a stlv.^nn and disappear. But Barramatta was always celebrated for ghosts, and in some future epistls I will give yen an account of the mote prominent ones, beginning with the ghost of the boy who was murdered on the Tiheyaxd Estate to ; that of the nan who hanged himself tmder Bellman's pear tree, not fifty yards from the Msnotrav office. Tea, sii^ the disembodied spirits-that once sojourned in. this town anl neighbourhood were both numerous and restless, but fortunately they are all,exorcised no., Grundy , says it was , the railroads, telegraphs and cheap o^ightened newspiwere that weiw the principal factors in laying the ghosts. Perhaps. .But l remember the time when he would .not, walk in Maoqparie-street from Bhurcm-strp^ to. Marsdenff treat at 12 o'clock ;: p.m. to become the possessor„of untold wealth. Mop, that I am in the Wcinity of St. JohuV taiuch, I may as well pause to notice that the old town clock has-had its face end hands *»• P?™** 1 - Not before it was. wanted I must. 4mit. Well, I am inclined' -to think we n. > ailing behind the age in not having Illuminated time-pieoe in place of tMa anoient hptologipel instrument. Thecost wonld , be , verjr great, whilst the oonveiiltihoe afforded would ibe inestimable. Perhaps some of our progresave aldermen will let thU-idea; swk deep into their understandings, thars te> fruotifyand perhaps ia time bringforth.in>od fmit;Speaking of aldermeh remmds me thai' tHe newbridge; at the ioot-of GeorgCMtieet i» progreasing towards compietion, but tle Couacil have n«t commenced to;,macadamise ;the wreet leading from the northern edd.of .the - bndge to Pennant jstrefct. - When the bridge ia finished 4be traffio ever this .road will be toy great, for it wiU be the direct rcnte frood the pppnlooB Field Di Mars .district to the Auramatta railway station,;whilst; the street to: which !"refer is quite unformed and^amposed , ftUuvifil that -s^TthTid ' 'Cook., landed <en the ghtterinir Jwadh of Bofeny Bay. ,No w-ttis offiah n cSuwl seldom tobeW witb,";£i8fhfianotionadv^ tisnnents saw to any aldeiipan who 1b bumiw to distinguish himself,.a»d as Aldenuan^reC : vox has recently been, distinguishing, or w tingmdiing himself, I'm not quite clear wUob. by road making in the Pennant Hills disSot. .'-' peihapS'he will briag his gigaptic intellBct to ' Aear upon thu ia»ortant .tffitter, whkh ttay «ve the; civio body miny Janathemas whiti Msoredly be cast uppp it by the dis- * iTAto -who of newSsitv • more gentleman nutta flatet, cut as tbevtiavenot'taadepublic announoecnent of Ui<u intention to seek alder* manio honours cannot.be considered as within the aoope bTi ritfotao. Grundy eayi he earnestly hopes to]i tee a good and true man come lorwardlorO(D re Ward as that particular conititneficylias . 1 i sadly misrepresented for many years. He «snts some que who, intellectaally,*ill bj a apiy oonriderable cot above the gentleman who wa« 'defeated at the last election by one Tito, People axe still*talking ff about Mr. O. J. Byrnes contesting Anderson Ward with Alderoan Taylor/but fthink there ii no truth in the ramour. I would like to see Mr. Byrnes againa member of otar municipal 'body, cat not oooupying Alderman Taylor's seat, f6r;the latter ia too valuable to be onto' the Council. An4 again there .U no occasion to make the sacrifice when there are other wbrds that would welcome Mr. Byrnes with open armi as their .representative, and thus the town would be the gainer by having both gentlemen attending to her civic wanta. Gmmdy Is confident that Mr. Taylor's chances ot re-election are eminently greater than Mr. Byrnes's, but. then he forgets • that a combination of three or four numerous families in that-ward, together with their friends and employees, oould return a wooden man to thetJoundl Bhould thoychoose to-do e I-netice that out vigilant gentlemenin hlue have been busy oroaecutirig small boys for bathing in the Park. Now as cleanliness ranks next |o : Ctydl&ess; I faU-W see Why; the small My shoild be : deprived of his bith. The Conn til will not provide him one and therefjrohe muat needs- take, a dip in the credc * There is certainly something objeotiOnaile in this practioe being earned on. in thj Park in open daylight, but • why the vounMen should not Ira allowed to bathe fo their hqirfs content after the shade* • of eve^g^-havejolosed in 'and atf some spot ' specially set apaW far that purposa—I would »flatatthe fpot s^Gonnell-sti ., —I certainly tly faH faa to'see:' see. v Now Sow ttiit tfiit the' water is laid all overj town from Hunt's Creek reservoir Hie. inhabitants no longer require the creek water for domestic puipoaes, therefore why debar anyone, either email boy . or adult,) the pleasure of an occasional dip in Ine translucent element. On sanitary grounds jdone the practice should be encouraged. Whr, when Grundy and I visited the oontinong sons years ietko we eaw^theBexes bathing together i|appropriate bathingdreases; the custom. appealed a distasteful one to us at first, but we were;not long in getting used to it, and then.follopihjj the example aet, Went for a plunge in thi briny ourselves, and enjoyed it immensely. Possibly the day is not far distant when we will See a bathing pavilion erected in the Park for the use of the ladies. Grundy says he saw a letterin yourOolutnns a short time back advocating the establishment of a young men's litertty association, and that he is looking forward »ith considerable interest to gee the matter taken up and successfully initiated. I may hare something to say on this subject in a future communication; but I few now I have reached the end of |ny tether. 