irlflHS Of J2eil)S. Submarine Intelligence — This morning's cablegrams contain an item of Intelligence which will be pleasing to all those who have recently been devoting so mncb attention to Mexico, it is proaauie that diplomatic relations between Great Britain and Mexico, which have so long been suspended, will shortly be renewed. This is calculated to inspire confidence, and, doubt less, will hasten the settlement of that country. The French have invaded Mada- gaacar, and. so far, have met with no opposi tion worthy of mention. The British Government has expressed its determination to remain neutral, and let Cetewayo and his brother fight their own battles. According to recent information this means the subjuga tion of the chief who recently enjoyed Eng land's hospitality. Arrival of the Mail. — Letters by B.M.S. "Rome" should reach the Western District on Monday. Mr Robertson, the mem ber for Polwartb, is a passenger by this vessel. Expeditious Telegraphing — The telegrams containing the result of the English Derby was lodged in London immediately after the race at 3.20 p.m on Wednesday, and was received in Melbourne at 2.45 am. on Thursday. Allowing for the difference in time, only a little over an hour and a half was thus occupied in transmission. Meteorological — "With theQueen's Birthday terminated the beautiful weather we have recently been experiencing. On the following day we bad a continual steady downpour of rain, and the town presented a cheerless and winterly appearance. The rain appears to have set in sooner at Ade laide than in this district, for so flooded was the coarse, that the races had to be post poned. Navigation of the Moyne. — A Wednesday's telegram from Belfast says : — " Great public satisfaction is freely ex pressed at the steamer ' ' Dawn " having suc cessfully navigated the River Moyne yesterday. This achievement demonstrates the accuracy of the late Sir John O'Shanassy's prognostication, that the waters of the river would be available for craft of all sizes. It is anticipated that within a few months' time, if dredging is continued, the mouth of the river will be a harbour of refuge for coasting vessels in rough weather. The Press. — We notice that on Wed nesday a presentation of an address and purse of sovereigns was made to Mr. G. R. Nicholls, late editor of the Ballarat Star, who pro ceeds to Tasmania to conduct the Hobarl Mercury. Daring his connection with the Victorian press, extending over eome 30 years, Mr. Nicholls has obtained the reputa tion of a clever and consistent writer, and has generally been regarded as an authority upon Constitutional questions. His articles have often been quoted with pleasure, not an/ whilst we ' congratulate ' Tasmania upon the acquirement of so able a writer, we feel bound to say that Victoria can ill afford to lose such a man. We wish Mr. Nicholls every success la the new sphere he has chosen. A Fiery Steed and the Result. — Two gentlemen, Messrs. C. Tucker and Symons, on pleasure bent, as all loyal citizens onght to be, on Her Majesty's birth day, determined to explore the immerraost recesses of Mount Napier volcano. In pur suance of snch intention they secured a horse " warranted staunch and quiet in harness," obtained a trap, and calmly set forth on their journey of discovery. As luck would have it; however, do volcano were they destined to see that day, for a series of unexpected eruptions occurred just after starting, that sent them home very much sooner than they had anticipated. On going down the incline opposite Dunn's hotel, the trap, through the brake not acting properly, ran down upon the horse's hind legs and to snch an indignity, quiet as he had previously been supposed to be, he would not tamely submit. First be let ont with his right foot and then with his left : all attempts at pacification Droved futile, and Mr. C. Tucker proposed to get out and bold the brute's head. To enable him to do so, he had pnt one hand on the splash board and the other on the seat, when a more than usually vigorous kick sent the splash board flying, and. Mr. Tacker was rudely precipitated to mother earth The kicking then became livelier than ever and Mr. Symons, who bad the reins, sought to give the iron hoofs a wider berth by climbing on to the back seat of the caravan. Whilst be was thus accommodating himself to circumstances the horse tried a new move by bolting, and Mr. Symons followed the lead given by his companion. . After this the steed rushed away down towards the railway gates, bnt before reaching them, succeeded in capsizing the trap on a heap of metal, near which it was lying yesterday in snch a state that even its maker could not recognise it. No bones were broken, but we regret to say that Mr. Tacker was severely shaken, and Mr. Symons sprained his arm so nastily that Dr. Chambers sayB it will be some time ere he will recover. Shortly after the. accident a report was spread about that Mr. Tucker had brokep his arm, and as he is a very popular yonng feUo'w, great regret was expressed, but, as wOl be eeen by the par- Honiara we have given, Dame Jtumoor was faia !rasjt fewrlittto gww of esuggeration, Stock and Stations. — The Pleasavf Creek Ncifunderstands that Ledcourt Station has changed hanuB, Mr. W. Anthony having purchased it from the propietor, Mr. Bell, for £11,000. Hamilton Police Court. — There was no business of amp- importance at the Court on Friday. Messrs. Laidlaw and Thomson, were on the Bench, and fined one inebriate 10s for drunkenness. An affiliation case was not proceeded with, as the jlain tiff's solicitor requested a postponement l or a week, which was granted. Special Trains. — It appears that two trains a day are not enough tor the traffic between Portland and Hamilton, "for every few days a special train has to be sent along the line to clear the station and do the shunting. On Tuesday, states the Mirror, another special had to be sent on to clear the road, and we learn that before the present week is ended, it is thought that two more will have to be despatched on a similar errand. New Insolvent. — Schedule filed at Portland : — William Webster Stuchbery, of Portland, labourer. Causes of insolvency — Losses by fire and of cattle and horses, farm ing and sickness, liabilities, £65 6s 7d : assets, £4 10s ; deficiency, £60 16s 7d. As signee, F. F. Levett. The first general meet ing of creditors in the above estate will be held before the Chief Clerk (Mr. Ponsford) at the Court-house, Portland, on Tuesday, 29th inst., at 11 o'clock a m. The Prisoner Burns, who is now in the Hamilton gaol awaiting his trial for mnrder, has addressed lengthy letters to the sheriff at Ballarat, states the Courier, com plaining of the restraint kept upon bim, and asking to be tried in any other district than the one he is in. His application for the change of venue was refused, but he will he tried either at Portland, Belfast, or Hamilton, as he prefers. The 'sheriff, in reply to his letters, has communicated with the governor of the gaol, instructing him to allow the prisoner all the liberty he can while com- plying with the gaol regulations. The Local Board of Health. — At a meeting of the abore Board on Wednes day last, the Mayor presiding, it was decided to alter the plans for paving, &c.;, the right of way in allot. 10, sec. S, in accordance with a request from Mr. J. Wiggins. The health- officer stated that he had examined Mr. Mitchell's premises in Thomson-street, and found the ground under the floor very moist. Die moisture is not productive of specific disease, but is unhealthy. A drain should be made under Mr. Mitchell's house and shop. Other reports were read with reference to the same matter, and the Public Works Committee were deputed to wait on Messrs. Laidlaw, Kerr, Doyle and Lloyd, in order to see if some arrangement cannot be made for draining. The meeting then adjourned. The Waterloo Gup. — Hie list of nominations tor this event has been pub lished, and by this we observe that the only local resident who has taken ont a nomina tion is the Hon. T. Bromell. Neither the name of Mr. E. Walter, nor that of Mr. James Wiggtos, appear on the list, "bat it will indeed be surprising if both, these gentle men are sot represented. Mr. E. Walter, who has twice been the runner-op for this important Btake, will, we suppose, again fill Mr. A. Smith's nomination, though with what dog is not at present known, very few new clippers having, so far, attracted atten tion in this locality. We also expect that Mr. Wiggins will experience no difficulty in obtaining a chance. Mr. Frank Tilley, of Belfast, who always appears to have a really good dog, has also taken oat & nomination. A abbow Escape was experienced by Mr Carter, of the firm of Goldie and Carter, near Dunkeld, on Thursday. It ap pears he was driving away from Dunkeld in company with Mrs Carter and a gentleman, when he heard a crash. On looking back he saw a horse, attached to a waggonette, .dash ing along the road and rapidly overhauling him. A collision appeared inevitable, bu-; fust as the horse approached his vehitffe it swerved off the metal, and although the two traps were within a tew inches of each other, they did not touch. After this, still keepinj ; on the side of the road, the runaway steec . instinctively wound its way through the trees and past all obstacles, took to the metal again in order to cross a bridge, and was finally arrested at the railway gate, the top bar of which was broken. Beyond this, and the breaking of the reins no damage was done, greatly, no doubt, to the joy and surprise of the owner. The Wannon Picnic. — The public picnic beld at the 'Wannon on Her Majesty's Birthday was so decided a success that it will probably be the forerunner of many such gatherings among the young people of the town. The holiday-seekers, preceded by Mr. Austin's musicians wearing the bright uniform of the Volunteer Fire Brigade Band, left town in three of the Western Stage Company's well-appointed coaches, and on the road and at tbc place of destination, were joined by many more, Lindsay's well-known 'bus and many other vehicles being pat into requisition. On arrival at Redruth, there were the usual amusements, but the chief event was un doubtedly the excellent spread provided by Host Ferguson, jun., which certainly re flected great credit on the yoang boniface and his recently-secured help mate. Nothing that tiiis worthy couple could do to increase the rational enjoyment of their numerous guests was left undone ; both husband and 1 wife showed themselves to be the right per sons in the right place, and this was the unqualified opinion of the hundred or more who sat down to do justice to the liberal spread set before them. The proposed sparrow-shooting did not eventuate, but, in default of feathered victims, glass balls were supplied, and ou these the aspirants to Bogardos and Carver fame exercised their skill with more or less success, aud found it a tar cheaper amusement than firing at pigeons from a trap. Everything passed off as merrily as a marriage feast, but on the road home at night, some unlooked for excitement prevailed. This was owing to that very careful driver Black, mistaking a . drain, the light being very uncertain, for a strip of grass. On to, or rather into, this he drove the coach containing 12 inside and, in cluding himself, 13 outside passengers. The result was a great amount of screaming, con fusion, and a capsize. Two of the passeDgers were rather severely injured, one receiving a nasty gash on the forehead, and the other breaking a rib. Both are, we are glad to bear, now doing as well as be expected. Beyond this, we believe, no serious casualties occurred. In about an hour the coach got under weigh again, and no farther accident was met with to mar the day's enjoyment. The place where the coach capsized was opposite Broxburae, and the driver of a vehicle close behind it nanrowly escaped making the same mistake. Castebtojt L axd- Boabd: — The following business was transacted by Messrs. Morgan and J. Blundell at Casterton on the 23rd inst. Recommended — dames Boyd, 71a 3r 10p. parish of Myaring; John Green, 27a 3r 7p, adjoining Kilsby's selection, Ardno ; Jauies Thomson, 315a 3r 8p, E. and N.E. of MIn tyre's selection, Ardno ; Frederick Diener, 320a near Jones' selection, Malanganee ; Hugh S. McDonald, 319a 3r 21 p, Werrikoo ; Eliza Ralston, 22a Or lip, Roseneath; Finlay M'Innes, 20a, Ardno ; John M. R, Kicholson. 20a, Ardno ; Eliza Sal ton, 20a, Roseueath j James Andison and Andrew Little, for half-acre each, - township of Sandford, for store site. Recommended for survey — David Egerton, 124a, Werrikoo. Postponed — Simon Dnr- radcre. 130 a Werrilrnn raflminp. M'Tiium 20a, Ardno ; William Gilmore, 20a, Werri koo. Withdrawn — J. A. Patzell, 124a, Werrikoo. A number of applications vrere made' by occupiers, for the tele of blocks of one acre each in the township of Sandford, - beld as : garden rites, and it was recommended that the land be not put np for sale at the present time, and that only residence licenses' be issued in the township of Sandford for the present, the area of each licenses to be limited to half an acre, and the fee to be proportioned according to the value : of the land. -The present holders of garden licenses to be dealt with on their merits, which was done as follows -. — John Rigney, not to lie disturbed in Ills present occupation ; Jeremiah Ryan, half an acre to be pnt np for sale, the other half recommended to James .Ajidiaon ; R. X Oswald, license not to be renewed, improvements to be removed; W. - T. Holmes, renewal refused ; William ! H'Donald, no appearance, license cancelled ; j J. F. M'Sbeehy, half nn acre granted as residence area, and the- improvements on ' other half to be removed ; J. V, Gasperirio, : postponed until next board ; James Jackson, renewal refused ; Catherine Mffiellaa, hot to be tUstBFbed i Lawfpitf, Damn to jbe offered for sale in two j>alf ac'? William Squires, renewal refused ; banmei NealL cancelled ; Michael Vale, cancelled; Zacharish Neall, cancelled and recommended, for sale; Henry Dyren, tecommmded for sale, subiectto valuation ; Charlotte Wheator, not to be disturbed ; John Annett, and James M'Lellan, renewals refnsed. Football — We have received from Messrs. Boyle and Scott a handy little memorandum book, containing a list or all the football matches arranged for the coming season, also the Victorian rales of the game. Our Western district clubs are conspicuous by their absence from the list. The Chetwtnd Mystery. — As we predicted would be the case, the black trackers have utterly failed to find any trace of the missing man Hillary. Had proper police protection been afforded the district in question, the probability is such prompt steps would have been taken that the absence of Hillary could not have become the mystery it is now- likely to remain. HaJII ETONIANS ABROAD. — At the Melbourne Football Club sports on the 24th May two old Hamiltonian students, C. C. M 'Knight (8 yds) and E. Brayshay (5 yds) finished first and second, respectively, in the 120 yards Hurdle Race. fne tune was 174 seconds. Brayshay also ran into third place in the Handicap Flat Race, for which there were so many contestants that the event bad to be ran in heats. M. Learni- han, who defeated Ryan on onr Friendly Societies' reserve, tied the celebrated Ben nett in the 880 yds event for the Challenge Cup, but subsequently allowed Bennett a walk-over. The Cup, adding all the points together, was won by W. Douglas, who, we believe, is also well-known here. Melbourne Hunt Club Racer — The ?«mngl race meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Clnb took place on the Flemington course on the 24th May. The attendance was not large, but the racing on the whole was good. Stormbird won the Hurdle Race, with Merry Maid second, and Wild Harry third. The Queen's Birthday Stakes fell to Egerton, Welcome Jack and Squireen being second and third respectively. Vanlter and Black Jacket were the only two horses in the Steeplechase that got round without falling, and they finished as mentioned, Stampede . xLt-j — a— vr. oeing lOlTU B6VCU BUU(|DU| AUUtUVUUg IIU, Broughton's Magic. The Corinthian Flat Race was won by Liddington, who was ridden by Mr. W. Glasscock, The Ghost being second, and Sir Charles third. Ana gram carried off the Selling Race, whilst Liddington and Caesar filled the places. The Flying Stakes was won by Squireen, Caesar being second, and Sir Charles third. Slightly Mixm>. — The Sydney Bulletin supplies the following 1 " Believing that the acceptance of Hannibal, winner of the Hamilton (Vic.) handicap, was not pud in. proper time, the owner of Poor Me (which horse ran second) is bringing an action against the Racing Club for £100, the amount that would have been won him had Hannibal won the race and Poor Me not been in it." Traly we must sometimes go far away from home to learn news about ourselves. We should, however, like to know what horse won the race If Hannibal did not ? Really the above paragraph is so mixed up that we would defy any Phfladelpbim lawyer to make "head or tail "of it. The sub-editor of our fusing contemporary in re-writing, ! instead of quoting in fall and giving his authority, has made a rare jumble of the in formation supplied in our columns. It was the fact of Hannibal winning that caused the owner of Poor Me to be dissatisfied. Sydney Turf Club Meeting — This club held a meeting on the Queen's Birthday with the following results, viz : — The Royal Stakes — Boniface 1 ; The Demon 2 ; Hypatia 3\. The May Stakes — Wallangra 1 ; Little Star 2; Manfred 3. Hurdle Race— Dun dreary 1 ; Satellite 2 ; War Eagle 3. The Queen's Birthday Cup— -Sardonyx I ; Morpeth 2 ; Normauby 3. The Selling Plate —Norman 1 ; Emulation 2 ; Hesitation 3. The Ladies' Bracelet — Lord of the Lake 1 ; Raven 2 ; Gostwyck 3. Twenty-four started for the Birthday Cup, and when Cunoamulla left the paddock the odds offered against him were only 7 to 2, and some time before that, only 5 to 2 could be got about him.. He how ever never had a show, and Sardonyx, who started at 4 to 1, ran a great horse. Dun dreary, it will be remembered, was formerly the property of the Hon. T. Bromell, and when trained by blr. Ferguson, won several events in this colony. He was sold to Mr. Morris J acobs at the last Ballarat meeting for £300, but Boon ofter, we believe, again changed bands. uobns, jdUKIONB, and wabts. — Owing to so many being away from town on Thursday, and the sloppy streets on the following evening, " The Great Indian Corn Doctor" did not publicly expatiate on his skill. To-night, however, he will make his debUt in Gray Street and effect cures " in . the twinkling of a mustard spoon, " free, gratis, and for nothing. He can aUo be consulted privately at the Railway boarding- house, in Brown Street, and as he is reported to be a skilful chiropodist, those who have pet corns, &c.;, will, doubtless, afford him an opportunity of showing what he can do. 