SOMETHING NEW. " Pat, I have got something new to talk about," said Jem, pulling a roll of paper out of his pocket. " Let us see it, Jem,'! said .Pat. . So 'Jem unrolled the paper, and showed a beautiful picture, with fine,' bright colours in it. . So said Pat, ," what is it at all, Jem ?" , ". Don't you see for, yourself Pat ?" said < Jem. " Why, then; if it isn't , the. souls : in Purga tory 11' said Pat. " Deed1 and it isn't then; you're out fortius : time,", said Jem so, look again, Pat." . So.Pat looked . again ; f!,and .what else can you.inake of it at all ?" said;Pat. , ; The, hodies. in purgatory," said Jem. . " .WelhjSure enough, it is," said Pat ; " sure, enough them!s . bodies ; . them can't ; be souls anyway. But isnlt it, mostly sowfei that goes to Purgatory ?", said,, Pat, a little puzzled., :- H W el 1, 1 never heard , tell, of any, but souls going there;, if so be they go there at all," said Jem,; f, but , you see , yourself its bodies that is in it." , , , , Sure enough it- is,- Jem,"-, said, -Put,; " and: my ! but. they're , the. purty -creatures, them women, just like, real ladies 1 -I .wonder what: tlioy.. done'., at all , to--- bring.; them there,? Would they be bad women, now ?" said . Pat.1 ".Well, you know, Pat," said,, Jem, " that : couldn't; bo ; fori doesn't the f catechism say that them that dies in, mortal sin goes to hell , for. .all eternity/ and mot . to - Purgatory ?" , " Aye," said Pat ; " but doeBti't the cate chism say, too, that them that gets their mortal sin, and the guilt of it, forgiven in this world, has still to go to purgatory for a time, to get the stains washed out of them before they can go to heaven, where nothing defiled can enter? and might'nt it be that way they got there ?" " Well, maybe so," said Jem, " if so bo that them that's forgiven goes there at all. But when Jesus Christ said to the woman that was a sinner, thy sins are forgiven thee ; and when he allowed her to wash his feet with her tears, and wipe them with the hair of her head, and, more than all, when he finished with her by saying, thy faith hath saved thee, go in peace, did he just mean to bid her go to Purgatory ? or was that the meaning she took out of it ?" " Well, Jem," said Pat, "I'm thinking if Jesus Christ had just took and shown her that picture, she wouldn't have gone in peace anyway." " I'm thinking so, too," said Jem ; " and that when the Blessed Lord said them blessed words to the woman that was a sinner, he didn't mean the picture at all ; and it's hard to think that them that's forgiven-by him will ever come to the like of what's in that pic ture." " Well, if they was ever so bad," said Pat, " sure it would be only commonly decent, with their purty, white skins, and the beauti ful hair flowing down on their backs, to put a bit. of a shift on them itself when their pictures was going to be took in Purgatory." "Man alive," said Jem, "what good would that be? sure look at the long flameB just curling up all round them, and wouldn't the shift- be burned off them afore you could look round ?" " Well, I don't know for that," said Pat ; " sure there isn't so much as the sign of a scorch on their beautiful skins ; and why couldn't the shift stand it as well ? Don't you mind in the Book of Daniel, when the wicked king put the three men in the fire, because they would not worship the golden image, the fire couldn't hurt their clothes no more than themselves." ; : "Well, sure enough," said Jem, ",the picture. looks a deal more like people that the fire. couldn't hurt jat all, than like people it could hurt ; and that being the way, they might as w.ell have their clothes on, and I'm thinking it might be better too in the picture ; for you , know yourself, Pat, . there's many a young boy that cares little for Purgatory, that would buy that picture just for the bad thoughts that could be took out of it." " Well, there's some in the picture dressed; fine enough, anyway," Baid Pat : " who would they be now?" " Sure them's the angels taking the souls out of Purgatory," said Jem ; " don't you see; the wings on them." " Well, that's the elegant dress on that angel ," said Pat ; " that's the beautiful green bedgown, and the purtiest red petticoat ever I seen. Sure the finest lass at a fair would be proud to be an angel, to wear such a bedgown and petticoat ! " : . r " Deed and she , might," said Jem; "but sure a girl that wore the like of that would, at least, have the shoes on her . arm . going to a fair or a market." " But what's this, at all,; at the top," said Pat, " with all the bright light about it ? Well, it's the cross and a lamb on it. Won't that be Jesus, now ? " ; "That's what: it's meant for," said Jem ;. " the lamb of God that taketli away the sins of the world ; and don't you see the blood running from its throat, and the angels catch ing the blood in golden cups, and pouring it out on the people in Purgatory." And is it the blood of Christ and not the. fire, after all, that cleanses them r that's in Purgatory ?" . said Pat ; " and is it only wait ing in the fire they are till they get the blood of Christ ? didn't I think that sins were for given in this dife by the blood of Christ, and; that them that was forgiven had to goto Pur gatory to get their stains bleached out of their souls by. the .fire itself? but if its the blood of Christ that cleanses too, what is, the fire, for at all ?" " Well, it's just for to punish. them," said Jem. ' " Don't tell me of puiiishment tor them that's forgiven," said Pat, '.' that's not reason, ; and it's not Gospel. Either the fire is to cleanse out the stains of the soul, after, the sins is forgiven, or it's for nothing at all.;, and which .does the cleansing, is it the blood, of Christ, or is it the fire ?'.',= : , , . Well, Pat," said Jem, " the Bible tells of forgiveness of sins,-, through .the,, blood, of Christ.;- and it tells . us just the same of , the cleansing too. Sure : doesn't: it say —' How much more shall the blood of. Christ, who by the Holy -, Ghost -offered himself unspotted) unto God, cleanse our : conscience .from dead works, to serve tlie living, God.,' .And ,- if ; the , blood of Christ does all, what is. the fire, for?" n" Well, Jem," said Pat, 'V, here- is the differ of the , Bible and : the .picture.; Both allows, that the blood of Christ does it ;.;but, by the Bible, the blood. < of Christ does it- now ; .and,: by the picture, : the- blood . of . .Christ, won't cleanse'us till we get to Purgatory." : : " Well, I think that's jit/ said Jem. . " Sure'; we have the Bible and .the picture to choose between." .nr. >..-!> : ".Well,: thank- God, ;for- having the choice, anyway," said :Pat; which I wonder, would; the, priests like usfo follow,?" "Well, Pat,".said Jem; "I gotfhis, picture in .a shop .that: had plenty more, just ; nigh i hand i to the greatiCarmclite: Church; in ;Yorkf-: row;, in Dublin.-: ;Suro: the -priests:, like, to, See, it set up iii the windowst;, if they, don't like it, why don't they stop it? Sure it isn't Pro testants sells that And why don't they say a- word against-, it?,,/: Why; don't, (they, warn the1 people against it, the way they do against reading the Bible? Sure the prieBts like the picture well, and why wouldn't they give it to us for our religion. I'm thinking there is a deal of things in our religion would be better took off it, if any priost would only set about it." " Well, Jem," said Pat, " I thought that last week, when I seen Peter M'Kenna buy ing a horse in Eilcommon fair ; and the horse had a big bush of a tail on him, and Peter got him cheap, for he ran him down for falling away entirely in the hind-quarters ; and when Peter got him into a yard, he just backed him up to the wrong end of a cart,, and whipped the big tail off him, and then he stood a one-side, and says Peter — ' Now, isn't that a great addition to him entirely. And. thinks I to myself, would't it be a great ad dition to our religion if it was well docked too." " Well, never mind the horse, Pat," said Jem. " But sure enough there's a deal to come off our religion, and the more the Bible gets out, the sooner it will be done." And the more we hear of the talk of plain people, like Pat and Jem, the more hope we have that the Bible will get out indeed. 