THE REV. G. W. PATCHELL, M. A. THE FUNERAL The funeral of this rev. gentleman; who died suddenly from the effects of an apoplectic seizure, which occurred during the proceed ings of the Wesleyan' Conference on Fridav. took place on saturaay aiternooru At 6 o'clock a large number of persons assembled in the Pirie-street Church, where a short service was conducted prior to the body being removed to the cemetery. The proceedings were commenced with the hymn, *' Come, let ns join our friends that have attained the prize,' after which part of the First Epistle to he Corinthians, chap, xv., was read by the Rev. R. S. Casely. The Rev. S. Knight then, without taking any words as a text, delivered the following address : — ' Brethren —I feel to-day as if we ought to exclaim. 1 Howl ye firtree, for the cedar has fallen, for we stand in the presence of an immediate act of God. I heard a friend of our deceased brother, when walking up and down t'ae Lecture Hall yesterday, exclaim ' What does this mean? Why is this done— why is this man taken — why has not one less cultivated and less needed been cut off from our midst ? My answer to this is that there can be no laws of probability or no laws of average in relation to individual death, and for the peace of the world I think it better that there should be indiscriminativeness as to the time of Death's approach. There must be no known time for this cutting-off, otherwise there can be no happiness. In spite of the wants of an undermanned Church and an immature family, there must be blessing in this visitation ; there must be something greater than our brother's life, greater than our brother's ministry, and greater than the suffering of his family, or le would be with us still. If we are sobered, if our lives are hallowed, if we are led to do what our hands find to do more fully with our might, it is worth his life or the life of any of us. In face of the suffering of Christ and the blood of the martvrs shed for millennia of years, it is evident that God makes nothing of the cost to save and to sanctify. God makes no more of temporal sacrifice than we make of the desolation of the forests out of which we build our beautiful cities, or the herds which were ravaged to build these temples of the Holy Ghost There is no other way— no alter native. This tragic life and vain world is only the way to seriousness and life. If God can but begin _Hia work of grace in the hearts of men all this is justified. Not justified to the trifling or to the frivolous, or to those who make everything of comfort in this Ufe: but justified to the wise and to the holy. Death is no mistake, or cruelty, or fate ; but it is Christ's choice and election. Yon need not die, I need not die, he need not die, for Christ has redeemed us from all legal and natural obligation. There is no better way than that common to all the world. A Christian dies not under the penalty of the law, he dies beneficently, and m obedience to Christ's living behest, and so our brother has bowed his head to it for the peace of the world. It is the will of God that as far as the exit from this world_ is con cerned men should share and share alike. It has been remarked that this death was Rudden : but it must be remembered that it is not God 8 design that we should make special preparationfordeath. Somesay, 'Iwouldnot like to be taken in the same way;' but you will be taken in this way — in undress, in workaday attire, and as you are, for most men have to die with about the average state of grace in which they live. It compels pre paredness, thoughtfulness, and readiness, and is it not wise? 1 don't know whether a man could choose a better moment than after rising from that chair where he had been advocating the cause on which his heart was set, then sinking gently on his knees, without pain or consciousness, die softly like a summer wavelet rippling to the shore. With his last word on a subject which had inspired so many generous and noble impulses in his heart, he ceases at once to work and live. Could you choose anything better than this ? I have felt as if I had nothing to do with his life to-day— nothing to say of his youth, although it was godly and healthful. I am not to speak of him, although I might tell you of him as a preacher of righteousness at nine teen, when many of us were romps. I am not to speak of him in the holy consecration of his early manhood to the noblest of all pursuits and cillines. I will not dwell upon his coming to this land in 1866, nor will I refer to his career at Wallaroo, at Brompton, at Pirie-8treet,at Port Adelaide, at Koorraga, at Willunga, or Goolwa, where he has laboured, and laboured faithfully and well, according to his gifts— laboured evidently to the top of his strength, laboured so as to hasten the end that he has reached. Nor will I speak of him in his capacity as first master of Prince Alfred College, nor as editor of our organ, nor as examiner of our probationers — a work which in my opinion he did better than it was ever done before, and in which'he took the greatest delight — nor as our agent or letter-writer, nor of the honour -J'^j»J!£iefid_fr.om the American University in the aegree that 'he more ana more -wurUiiiy merited. I am to speak to-day a few words, as I have done, of his death, and I know that it has already borne good fruit. I have heard one manlv brother eav. ' I shall love my brethren better from this hour, and i that be true it is a blessed result. I heard another— a man who wields a wide influence in this town — say that this death has shown him that he has borne the present too much in mind, and I felt with him in those reflec tions. My heart longs for the grave lessons bought at such a cost. I said, ' Am I to lose them, purchased ? at: the expense of that weeping widow and of those orphan children? Must it be wasted, and am 1 to pass away uninfluenced, or am I to be permanently blessed?' I know that on the night when Jesus was betrayed He gave thanks that if by the cross He should make an appeal which would ? be deeper arid more potent than words he had uttered. He:gave thanks if he could then speak to the world, as he could not speak with his lips. If i may speak for my brothers, then, if I may speak for those dumb lips which shall never say words again, may I not say that he gives thanks ? May I speak for that weeping widow, who by her submission to God, by her resignation to His will, and by her patience, teaches us that there is one who is husband to the widow, that she too gives thanks; and may I not speak for those orphaned children, who shall teach you and I' that there- ia a Providence that is constant in its tenderness and kind ness, and say that they too give thanks ? We need the lesson-of this death — I need it — and if it be that by this means God is speak ing to these trembling hearts of ours to teach them to be still, we must give thanks too. God has his mysteries of grace — ways which we cannot tell. He hides them deep like the secret sleep of him he loved so welL' At the conclusion of the service the funeral procession formed outside the door of the Church. At the head of the cortege were the elerical members of the Conference in order of seniority, following them were the lay members of that body, the office-bearers of the Churches belonging to the denomination, and ministers of other religious bodies. Then came the hearse, attended by the pall-bearers the Eevs. D. S.Wylie, J. Haslam, J. Nichol son, C. T. Newman, B. G. Edwards, W. T. Carter, and the Eev. T. Hillman, Bible Chris tian. Jfext the hearse were three mourn ing coaches, in ? the first of which were Mrs. and Miss Patchell, Mr. R. N. Gault, and Miss Scott ; 'in tne secoad coach were Rev. J. Bickford. (President of the Con ference), Eev- R. S. Casely (ex-President), Mr. JScKirdy, Mrs. Gault : and in the third, Rev. T. i Easton, «nd Mr. T. Goode, of Goolw& . The procession moved towards the cemetery by: way of West- terrace, and en route was joined;by a large number of private vehicles and caba,and which, ere the entrance to the, burialground was reached, formed an imposing; though :Boleron sight The . ground chosen- for the deceased .gentleman's last resting place was near thecentre of the ceme tery, and ?adjacent to it were the graves of the late Revs. - William Dawsonr Jabez. Bunt ing Portray.MatUiew' Wilson, and Chas. Col-. Welt^rall .Weileyto ministers; The services at j the.:. -grave, ^cre conducted by: the President . -Eey.-: J-. -Bickfordy and '.the Secretory (Bev. B* MvjHnnter), the. prayer befog tJfliered. by the Rev. - T. (X Laursncep Among the clerical members of the Conference . who were present at the grave .we- noticed '; —The President (Rev. 2. Bickford),: the Ewb: & 8\. ' CaueJy* T. Raston, G. Lane, T. G .lAuntnCe. T, Lloyd, S. Knight H. T. Burgtm-G. H. .GpldMnith, J. AUefc, T. Edmeadea, J. B, Stephenson,- A. Stnbbs, D. S. Wylie, R. M. Hunter, C. T. ;N«wman, J, Y. Bunpsoo. i. Haskm* J. Nicholson, ' B. G. Edwards, D. CDonnell,' J. Read, P. C. Thomas, R W. Campbell,W. B. Mather, J. H. Trevorrow, A. 3. Bogle, W. H. Eof e, T. M. Eowe,. W. T. Carter, K, Kelly, J. D. Langsford, 8. 11. Prior, W. A Warford, T. E. Thomas, MiAi, W,-fl.-Hanton7j. Watts, J. N. Mills, S. S. Moncrieff,I. Perry. J- Blight, G. E. Bowe, W»:A; Bainger, J. H. Goss. J. -H. Hadley, and J. P. Chapman. The following gentlemen also attended :— The Eev. Tl Hfllman^Hcia. A.,Catt {Commissioner of Crown T**-A*. Hon., G. W. Cdttonj M.L.C., Messrs. TfBSJoaes,' W. Bhodes^Joel Roberts, T.' S. Carey, Paraona, James, Hill, J.D. Hill; John Fill, James-Scott, J.Pi, a Prowett, jS. Churchward, R. Nicholson.B- G.' Wilkinson, J. L: Bohython; S: Lipsett, M.H.J Madge, Dr. Rees. W. R^Oaimer. W.. G. Coombs, Joseph I3oyd, A. S^cJtt, J. D/Bone, Jameson, James Pappin, J.'S. Greer (Mayor of Unley] J. A. Jtforthmore, E. C Longsdn, J/ Jams (City MiBBionary), .& Leake; (Town' Mis^ sioparyfor Pirie-street Church), C. S.JSandsrsj T. Stephens, W. Pengelly, W. H. Barry, S. Allen, James Robin, D. Nock, J. I&ngsfordj; and R. Langman. : Of the deceased's 'family were present— Mrs. Patchell. accompanied b Mr.-and Mrs. Gault, Mr. J. McKirdy, am Mr. Thomw Goode, J.P., of Goolwa ; Miss 'atchcll and Miss Emma Patchell, ac companied l-y Miss '-Janlt and Miss Scott The funeral arrangements were earned out by Mr. Pcngelley in a very effec tive manner. The coffin -was of kauri pine, covered with the best black cloth, adorned with black furniture, on which was inscribed 'G. W. Patchell, died January 26th, 1883; aged 50 years.' The lid was adorned with wreaths containing passion fiowerSj North Australian climbers, and swazoma, made by members of the Pirie street congregation. 