LOCAL AND GENERAL. j HAWKESBURY AMATEUR COURSING CLUB. THE first meeting of tho new club was held on Saturday and Monday, the 4th and 6th inst., at Fairfield. Unfortunately, Satur day was wot and cold, and the attendance was therefore small. The hares wore strong and vigorous, and consequently there was some smart running-still, there were some six or seven killed, though after the courso wasdocidod- pussprobably,being too excited to find out her loophole of escape provided for her in tho fence. On Monday, things were much bettor-the day being warm and genial, and therefore a much better attendance of both sexes. Messrs. J. H. Crowley and E. Pendergast performed the respective duties of judge and flag steward ; Mr. H. McQuade was slip stew ard, Mr. J. Pratt slipper, and Mr. W. F. Linsloy socretary, and the greatest praise is due to each of these officials for their un tiring endeavours to make their first meeting a success. The hares again ran splendidly, and but two were killed during the ties. Undertaker seemed to have an oxcollent chnnco of winning the Windsor Stakes, but, unfortunately, in tho second ties he became lamo, and, therefore, in tho next courso had to succumb to Ned, who in turn caved in to Lady Crawford. Following are tho results.: WIÎîBSOE STAKES. Laishloy beat Electric ; Lady Crawford beat Highflyer ; Pluto boat Murat ; Dick Ilatterick beat Robin ; Baffle heat Lander dole ; Ned ran a bye, as also did Undertaker. In the first ties, Lady Crawford beat Laishley ; Pluto beat Dick Ilatterick ; Undertaker beat Bafllo; Ned ran a bye. In the second ties, Lady Crawford beat Pluto ; Ned beat Undertaker. In the de ciding course, Lady Crawford boat Ned, and won. BICHMOND STAKS», Darkle beat Left Bower ; Blue Light bett Rambling Hero¡ Battina iie.it Wi}d Mint; Mascotte beat, Pirate King; Romeo beat Jargo ; Brander .beat Cornwallis ;, Sprjhpg beat Piraoy . Black Warrior beat. Flyer. In'the firs*, ties, Blue Light beat Darkie ; Mascotte beat Battina ; Romeo beat. Brender; Black Warrior beat Spring. In the second ties, Blue Light beat Mascotte ; Romeo beat Black Warrior. In the decid ing course, Blue Light beat Romeo, and won. A meeting of the officers and stewards of the Club, and the winners, was h.dd at the Royal Hotel, at 8 o'clpak, on Monday even ing, and everything was settled most , satis-' fuctorily-the prizes being paid over, as well as all accounts against the club -the. total amount being £55 9s, which left a balance of¿31 16» ld in band; to that for a club so Recently formed, it may {airly be said that the winding up was all that could be de sired. After the drier details of business had been got through, auction was called for by Messrs. Gosper, Lamrock, Lamont, and Bobette, and several toasts were drank _embracing ''The Club," "The Presi dent," " Coursing," " The Next Meeting." and a pleasant hour or so was thus spent which finished a mott enjoyable day. HORRIBLE.-Many of our readers, no doubt, have read the story of Sawney Bean the S :otch anthropnphagist, who lived in th,« early part of the last century. Well, barring the cannibalisms of a lew barbarous Islanders in various parts of the world, we have met with nothing like Sawny Bean's enormities, until the other day, when we we saw the fol lowing :-"In the graveyard of the village of Naurusow, in the Naltsliik district, Cau casus, the police noticed that the grave of a recently buried child was much disturbed. Suspicion fell on a man reputed to be a sor cerer. His hut was searched, and he was found at the fire, on which was a pot simmer ing. He refused to answer any questions ; but, on tho adjoining bedroom being ex amined, a large portion of the body of the missing child was found hanging from a hook, and in acorner of the room were the skulls of several children. The wretch, upon being interrogated as to where the remaining por tion of the child's body was, pointed silently to the pot. His daughter, a miserable,starved girl, admitted on examination, that the father used regularly to steal the bodies of little children, cook and eat the flesh, and from the lat make ointments and medicines which he gave as charms. He had threatened to kill and eat her if she ever gave information of his doings." This is reported by the local paper, the Terskija VeAomosti. To follow up the horror, we glean from the Philadelphia papers that a dootor named Hathaway bas been bowled out in some most abominable practices, in which abortion, murder, and other enormities take a prominent place. It appears this dootor was arrested with the Rev. Thomas B. Millar, in 1881, for mal practice upon a servant girl named Mary Butler. But'i were admitted to bail, but the doctor fled ; ho subsequently returned, but was never re-arrested. Three months ago his wife preferred a charge of brutal assault against him, which she subsequently with drew. However, it has come t - light that Hathaway has for years past been engaged in ' criminal m il prac tice upon hundreds of young women-in fact, his own wife swore that he had performed them upon her, and the child ren had been buried in a cellar of the house they resided in. Twenty-five skulls wera found ; and it is said that Hathaway kept several large dogs, and that they were fed upon human flesh. A woman named Krick baum, a former associate of this monster, deposed that " a number of babies had been burned in the family cooking stove, and that the meals for the family had been prepared by fat from human fuel." The dogs spoken of, are described as fat, vicious-looking brutes, and have lived for years upon human flesh, and so fond were they of it, that when fresh meat was offered them- after two days' fast-they refused to eat it This is an American yarn, and for humanity's sake it is hoped that it is only a yarn. We are not often in a sensational humour, but, as we ara among uncanny subjects, we'shall just wind up with the following clip from an English paper:-A Monster and an Earl.-For four generations there has been a mystery at Glamis Castle which no one has ever been able to fathom. Some said it was a ghost, others a mysteriously hidden treasure; but rumours of a more or less uncanny nature floated round the country, and have done so for about 93 years. Four Earls of Strath more have seated themselves iu ancestral state at Westminister, and yet all the while the real Earl, the eldest of tho family, wat alive, hidden in the.vast old feudal palace at Glamis. He died only last year, aged 92 yeat'B, and he wat a monster. He stood 8 feet in height. His head and the upper part of his body resembled that of a toad. His skin was marked with black and white blotches, and his hands were webbed. He could not speak or hear, and his eyes were bright but wild. He never showed signs of reason, and in order to avoid legal difficul ties and painful revelations, this horror was hidden in a building erected on purpose. Hit gaolers were paid handsome annuities to keep silent. Aa each Earl succeeded to the estate he was taken to see this terrific crea ture, and it is said that one of these gentle men almost lost his reason in beholding this loathsome and gigantic horror. Last year the poor wretch died, and his secret has come out, owing to difficultés concerning the dis posal of the remains. The most extraordin ary part of it all, is that tha whereabouts of thc monster Earl was kept so wonderfully quiet, and also that he lived to such an ad vanced age. Glamis Cattle is the one re ferred to in Macbeth. PARLIAMENT has been further porogued to the 18th September. IT is feare-1 that the Hankow, biund to Honolulu, with 1500 Por ugese emigrants, has been wrecked on the voyage. NEW MAGISTRATES.-The following gentle men residing in the d'strict, ha»e been ap. pointed Magistrates of the Colony : Messrs W. H. Bowman, Kurrajong;' F. Gow, Rich mond; R. McNevin, Windsor; T. Primrose, Windsor; and H. Wi son, Wiseman's Feiry. VoLONTEER lkPAKTBY CORPS.-The Hick- ¡ mond Company of Volunteer Infantry has been formally g retted, as part ot the 3r.i llegimetit New South Wales Volunteer In fantry. TENDER.-Tho following tender has bf en accepted. Contract 3m, road up Sackville Hill, S. Wall. H?U#w%f» Pre« AND OINTMENT.-Glad Tidings.-» :ome constitutions have a tendency, to Rte. miitism, and are, throughout the year borne lo fu by its protracted tortures. Let such suflerere bathe the affected paru with «ann britte, and afterwards mb io this sooth ing ointment. They will find it the best! means of lessening their agony, and assisted ty Holloway's Pills, the surat way of over- j coming their disesse. More need not be said j than ta request a few days' trial of this safe ^aijd coothing treatment, by which the disease wifl nUlrnently he completely swept away. Pains that would make a giant shudder are assuaged without difficulty by Holloway's easy and inexpensive remédies, which comfort bv moderating the throbbing vessels and calming the excited a ires. : LAND RESUMED.-Following portion of land has been resumed for the erection there- on of school buildings :-All that piece or parcel of (and, being allotments 26 and 27 \ of the private village of Enfield, situate at North Richmond, parish of Currency, county of Gook, containing by admeasurement 1 acre and 33 perches more or less : Com- mencing at the interjection of the north-east side of Elizabeth street with the north-west side of the road from south Kurrajong to Richmond, being the south comer of lot 27 ; and bounded thence on the south-west by that side of Elizabeth-street, bearing north 50 degrees west 2 chains and 71 links ; on the north-west by a line forming the south-east boundary of allotment 24 and part of the south-east boundary of allotment 23, bearing north 40 degrees 17 minutes east 4 chains and 42 links ; on the north- east by a line forming the south-west boundary of allot ment 25, the property of the Department of Public Instruction, bearing south 50 degrees east 2 chains and 79 links ; and on the south east-by the north west side of the road from South Kurrajong to Richmond aforesaid, bearing south 41 degrees 20 minutes west 4 chains and 4¡2 links, to the point of com mencement. THE ARRIVAI, OP THE IRISH INFORMERS. The Government of Victoria having decided that the men supposed to be the informers, should not leave the Pathan, our own Gov ernment was placed in a dilemma, from which, fortunately, they have been relieved by a cablegram from the Imperial authorities, stating that the Commodore on the station had beenadrised to act. Consequently, when j the Mail Steamer arrived, she was bore to at the heads, while a man-o-war Officer boarded j her, and took the offending men on board the Commodore's Ship, lt appears the Irish authorities had misled the Imperial Gov ernment as to the destination'of these men ; anyway, the trouble, su far as we are con cerned, is now over. APPOINTMENTS.-Mrs. Anderson has been gazetted work misiiess, in the Public Schoool Windsor, such appointment to take effect from date of entry upon her duties. Mrs. Sarah Sheehy has been appointed teacher of Public School at Nelson. Miss AUCH ARMSTRONG has bee» appoin ted work mistress i,i the Superior Public Schoo) at Richmond. THE FIRST SNAKE.-On Tuesday last-a friend of Mr. Rowlhorn's, fr m Queensland, while out shooting at the Chain of Ponds near tba Hace Course, was just in the act of firing at a bird, when ha disovered a snake lifting up its head 5 he atones fired at his snnkeship and knocked him into kingdom come. It was a b.own snake with a yellow belly-and measured 6 feet, 6 inches. SAD EVENT.-On Tuesday morning, a lit tle girl nine year« of age, named Ste la Christine Coulter, the daughter of Mr. R. Coulter of Gosford, died at the Hospital, while under the effects of chloroform, which had been administed to enable un operation to be performed. It appears that sometime ago the child met with an accident to her ankle, and as her prrenti were not satisfied with the treatment and advice given by othet medical men, they determined to consult Dr' Fiaschi, in order io get the deceased portion of the foot removed. Dr. Fi.ischi therefore obtained the assistance of Dr. Jockel, and, we believe the operation-which had beau most successfully performed, was completed when the girl died. An i-quest was held on Wed nesday morning, and from the evidence of Drs. Goode and O'Farrell it was shown that the deceased died from the diseased state of the right ventricle of thc lung, accelerated by the use of chloro form, used to perform the operation. No blame was attached tomine medical men, ss it was the expressed wish of the paient* that chloroform should be used. The jury returued a verdict in accordance. THE BOT AYERS* BENEFIT.-We some what mis-stated the case last week. It ap pears the £5 ls 9d banded over to Ayers senr., by Mr- Ityaa, was a former collection ; and tbc £3 10s gained by the trip, and other nonie-, amounting in a l to over £5, has been placed in the hands of Mr. W. Beard for the lad's benefit when he shall be able to do something for himself. SYDNEY QUARTER SESSIONS. - " Happy Jack," the Salvationer, got 18 months hard labour in Darlinghurst, for indecent assault. Afred Rowe, the Australian Blondin, was ac quitted on a charge of manslaughter. Wil liam Elliott, who, it will be remembered, brutally knocked his paramour about until she fell dead, wat found guilty of man slaughter, and sentenced to seven years hard labour. Fenton Dowling, for attempted as sault upon Jane Knight, was sentenced to jive yea s imprisonment. James Madden, a youth, for attempted rape, was acquitted. CENTRAI. CRIMINAL COURT.-Samuel Egan and Daniel Scanlau were found guilty on a charge of robbery under arms at Douglas P.irk, and sentenced to 12 years herd labour on the roads of thc Colony. SICE HORSES.-On Monday night last, ttro of Mr. Beveridge'* draught horses were seised with aa unaccountable htckuess, wkich has been freely attributed to poison, as ne ether cause has presented itself. The horses were turned oat with other horses on Monday night, one on the tiver bank, and one in the saleyard, and sometime after were beard moaning a« if in great pain internally. .Still, when it is known that a horse may be seized with a» ailment, the same as a human being, which cannot be easily accounted for at the time, it would be both unwisa and un just to ascribe tte disease to other than nat ural causes. ACCTION SALES.-By C. S. Guest Grand aland, Booth«, &c;, Hawkesbury Race ('caree, on Monday 13th instant. By Mr, W. Gokper, Mr. C. N. Furnell'* furniture, Mscquaris-street, on 1st September, »ad no« e from Lands Department, respecting I-pre-emptive lea*cs. KEW ADVBRTISKHEITXB.-took out for Ramett's big advertisement, on page 3 ; siso Lecture fa Richmond School of Arta, by Dr. Steel, on Tuesday, 14th instant ^ Harwood's Pianoforte lesson» ; Speciil General Meeting of Windsor Philarraonic's, on M<m^y evening; Excursion trains to Hawkesbury Races, on the 23rd and 25th instant. ACCORDING to MT, Proctor, if from a gingie pair for 6000 years, each husband and wife had married at 21 years of age, and there had been no deaths, the population ef the earth would be 2,199.915 followed by Ul ciphers. It would require to hold this population a number of worlds equal to 3,166,526 f olllowed by 123 ciphers. A sing)« globa sufficient to give standing room to this population, ten to the square yard, would have a diameter in proportion to that of the earth aa seven followed by forty-three ciphers to one. Sup posing the furthes* star visible in the great Rosse telescope to lie some thirteen or fonr teen millions of miles (arther from us than the nearest, which Kee about 70,000 times further than Neptune, th« distance from that Btar, to travel from which, light would require about 40.000,000, would be but the 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000th part of the radius of such * glob» ai would be. re quired tn hold the population we are consid ering, A phere having s radius equal to 100,000,000 of years of light journey would ot suffice not contain so many human beings. At this rate the universe itself would begin to get crowded without even the services of a commission of immigration, A STEP IK THE RIGHT DIRECTION.-Copies of Regulations under which Trustees or Com mittees of Free Libraries, Schools of Art, Mechanics' Institutes, or Libraries of Muni, cipalities that may be beyond the boundaries of the City of Sydney, may borrow books, are now ready : and forms of application, cata logue slips, and the undertaking to be signed by borrowers of books, can be obtained on application to the Principal Librarian. 