PART II. The mining townships of this colony are extremely alike in their scenery, or, rather, in the want of it; any pleasant hill or glade there might have been originally, has dis. appeared, and their place is filled by heaps of red clay upturned in all directions, eminently suggestive of grave yards-and inasmuch as they are really the burial place of many a bright hope, and also of many a lifelong burden of poverty and care-the illustration is by no means inapt. The dull monotony of these townships strikes the stranger with a feeling of gloom, and in most of them the gullies are ' deserted, being relics of days when thousands of men laboured with pick and shovel, and the wild bush echoed to the stroke and the swish of hundreds of cradles, or the night made hideous with ribald song, brutal brawls, the shrieks of beaten wives or shouts of drunken men. Many and many a poor fellow has been quietly put out of the way for the sake of a few nuggets he was known to have placed for safety's sake under his pillow. In those days no man dared to keep any money, coins, or nuggets, in his own dwelling, and many an old hiding place has been sought out and used. People talk of the "good old times" when gold was flung about freehanded in all directions; when it was no uncommon thing to see men eat five and ten pound notes between bread and butter out of more bravado; when the women wore the costliest silks and satins, ome even disdaining to wear them more than once or twice; and a stranger walking through a miners canvas street, would see heaps of the most beautiful clothing of all kinds lying about, cast off because of tihe trouble it took to wash clothing, which, if picked up and sent to a second-hand place in London, would have made the fortune of the finder. Yes, folks talk of these " good old times" when they look upon the desola tion that is the only reminder of them. But they forget the other side: the broken hearts, the shattered hopes, the wrecked lives, tile sin and pollution-the lost lives-when every night could tell of its crimes hardly ever con cealed. When, it ever one had an idea of a hell upon earth, it would have been the street of a miner's camping place by ten o'clock at night. No wonder therse places look God forsaken-for they are haunted by the spirit of every revolting crime, every form of anguish and misery it is possible to conceive, till the whole of dumb mutilated nature seems to cry aloud to God for redress. In one of these quiet God-forgotten town ships-in one of its dull streets where the tramp of thousands of feet had once echoed -in aoomewhat dull looking brick housowith a verandah and small, dusty looking garden standing some little way back from the street after a period of ten years, we may see a sick man lying on a colonial sofa. All his our. roundings are dingy, his emaciated form, hacking cough, and palo drawn face, strike painfully on the beholder, and need no words to tell of the long journey he contemplates. Watching him a short timnie, we see his thoughts cannot be of the happiest, for he turns most restlessly about, his hands moving in a restlece fashion, very pitiful to see-his cy, eyes wear an impatient wearied look as he on turns again and again to the door of the on comfortless room. vo By and bye the street door closes with a i," bang, and a sharp decided stop comes down on the passage. The sick man's eyes look painfully in eager, and, as the footsteps show no sign of ad entering his door, he tries to stifle a cough, ad and calls out in a weak voice, whose once 3o round and deep tones have almost vanished 3Y "Diana I come here-come here, can't yOU." Back come the steps, the door is flung ad open, and a head appears, whilst a harsh a0 rasping voice asks, impatiently : of " Well, what is it now ? Can't you give me time to take off my things ? I wish to good ness you'd hold your tongue, and learn some consideration for me. I'm as tired as a dog, 2\. and I shan't talk till I get some tea, so you ir can fume and rage as you please." With that the door slammed again, and 'y our old acquaintance, Diana Towerton, now so Diana Harrington, disappeared. Ten yearsis a a long time, and leaves its marks in a most :o decided way upon most people, gentle, honor able marks upon the pure and good. Soft wrinkles, slight stoops, a tendency to rotun- I .11 dity of figure. Happiness and contentment ik are good companions on life's oftimes weari 0 some journey. And old Father Time recog- I to nises them with a kindly smile and imprints I e- his marks with gentle touches. But the evil- I to hearted, the bad minded, sour, envious, dis- I y contented; with them it is indeed different. o Every feeling, every emotion, every thought and passion leaves on tle face an indelible u impress. And where all thoughts, passions, t Is and emotions, proceed from a corrupt heart, I e sad indeed is the result. Then old Time deals t .t out hard expressions, deep furrows, fretful o and peevish lines, and heaps them on with no t niggard hand. And in Diana we see a very s n fair specimen of what envy, hatred, malice t it and all uncharitableness, may achieve in ten to years. Her stop is as firm as ever, but the I i, grace and dignity of her carriage had changed it into defiance, self-assertion ; her voice, once v h so carefully modulated and controlled, has v e long been subject to her violent and unruly t e temper, and is harsh, rasping, and un- r ' womanly; her eyes, when not sullen, are II fierce with an expression of tigerish cruelty ; a r her hair, once black and luxuriant, is thinned r a and streaked with grey, while lines of fretful I r ill.temper show themselves thickly about the a a corners of her mouth, and on her brow, com- b I pleting the unlovely picture of an unwomanly ii Swoman.T 1 With Reginald Harrington, disease and c pain, discomfort, peevish ill-temper, and a 3 something of the old obstinaoy, have done a r their work effectually on an unusually weak n i character. He lies there, the wreck of the n \- somewhat dandified young man we know ten h years ago. C Yes, ten years is a long, long time. Chil. ji dren grow up and assume the responsibilities ti of men and women. Men and women live i their lives, take every new day as a gift from n God, or drag through each hour in misery and yi discontent-lives and souls are lost or saved. at Ten years bring to many the full fruition of Hope, the patient waiting of Hope, or the utter destruction of Hope. Ten years is a O great span in short human life; but life is to ti us what we choose to make it. Only the u' coward sits down and allows the difficulties cc or the sorrows of life to master him. The brave man makes the difficult places of life his n spurs to greater exertions, its sorrowful places Io his resting places for learning grand and tc powerful lessons taught by a master hand. at All this time the sick man had turned and he twisted with feverish impatience, making a be moan every now and then of utter weariness, wl for he had been alone all day and now the al afternoon was drawing to a close. To the m sick, with the monotony of one room for days be and weeks, even the cheerful light of loving H attentions fails, at times, entirely to dispel he the restlessness that overcomes one; and no tal loving hand and voice sought to lighten the po burden to poor Reginald. But eveon his wife's an cross words and hard looks were a relief from the entire loneliness of the long long on hours. foI At last she came in, and seated herself at go the small window without hardly a glance at her husband. Ta "Confound you woman. Can't you even p speak to a fellow aftersuch a day of silence as m, I have bad ? You might have brought me ve something hot to take too. But there, it's just like you. I suppose it would only please you so if I died whilst you are away some day." . au e "If you did it would be a good thing for, a you, for I'm sure your life can't be either pleasure or use to yourself or anyone else. mi You do nothing but groan and fret and com- pu plain till I am sick of my life. You think bil I've time or cause for enjoyment, I suppose, all trapseing about in the hot sun all day, tryi r; thi to keep body and soul together with that ter- bri nal teach here, and teach there, miserable, as ill-mannered, stupid little wretches their na A B C; or asking from one shop to another kit for a few stitches of sewing to take home; Fa and then home to you, groaning, and moan- all ing, and cough, cough, all night. No rest so: day or night; it's enough to drive a woman gri wild." " Well, pray, and whose doing is it all I ae wonder? You've nobody to thank but yourself. we And I must say you deserve every bit of unff- ref ering you get; though, unfortunately, you shi have dragged me down with you. Anyway, it's better than lying here day after day, with He this pain and weariness, and torn to pieces ter with coughing. I wonder how you would like Dil to change places madam? One might as well look for kindness or sympathy in a stone as tli in you," he added with a sigh. any " Me drag you down ? Well that's good, I am must say. Whose reckless living was it I tell wonder that ran through a fortune good op enough for a prince, gambling and betting, at debauchery. of every kind, till you find ext yoursolf without a penny of all your mother left you, hiding from your creditors, with to a worn out constitution depending on me wh for the broad you eat ? Ugh I How Ihato you I ha Was it for this I married you ? Fool that I was, buh I thought at least I should have luxuries and comforts to enable me to endure you, you no weak-minded fool I "dec " HIate me, do you ? Not half as I hate un you madam. You've been the curse of my sot life over since I first met you-you she. or devil II was a fool and no mistake ever to the put myself in your power. God knows how dearly I have paid for it. It was you who ccn drove me from home, through all the mire I in could plunge into, to forget; and, had you tuo chosen, you could have won me to a decent ste life at any rate. IIowcver, it's not long mc you'll have to wait. The doctor woas hero to day and says I cannot last many days more. i Oh, if I could only see -" gr " That white-laced hypocrite I suppose. at VWell you never shall if I can help it; though the there's precious little danger, sheo's far enough lhi fromn here." dc " HIold your tongue Il You are not fit to pa name her, and stop this eternal nagging. on Ilavoyou heard of anythling more to-day?" ho Ia said, in a feeble voice. p "A lady from the country wants me to do t some lace work; shlo is coming to-morrow to tal see cie. I don't know her namc-- rs.. a MIoggs, at the fruit shop, recommended me pli and told ime of her." ey " To-iiorrow I Why, that's Christmas Eve I hii Just teni years since that cursed pio-nie. I have never had a hIappy day since. I wisih Oh, I wiHh I could live that day again I I ar was not a wicked man till you miade me, no Diana. I mighlt have been so different," and a pitifully wistful lookle came over tIhe man's lie wasted face. no " Oh I If you'ro going to snivel, I'll go. th Whatever I am, I am no hypocrite. I am t not a bit sorry. I would do it again, but with more sense than to take help from a fool si like you. At any-rate, lhowever wretcheld we br are, they are not together," she said, in a tone lu of triucmph, as she banged the door and dis- in aplpeared. t1 Christmas Eve dawned at last. Christ- am man Eve. lIow the word brings to memory hi 1 many a vision of distant friends, of imerry i hours. IHow different it is spenlt Iy people of tile old world and people of this new worldt. i TiThe great Yule Log, the beautiful snow, the i hairy.like icicles depending from every branch C I of the great troees, the gatherings of large se family circles; and, in contrast, the hot wind, 10 blazing sun, burnt-up grass, the often careless indifference in families as to meeting in the a good old style; or, maybe, thu families are n more scattered here than they are in general y "at home." At any-rate, difference of climate f and of habit quite alter the meaning of the word; and it is only by professed holiday. e seekers, or a few old-fashioned folk hero and \- there, that the dear old time continues to be 't loved and kept up. But this particular Christmas time, in which we are interested, is g quite cold. A drizzling rain falls most of the h day, the sky is more gray than blue, and, un less a fire is in the room, one is strongly in. o clined to shiver, and people walk about, \- looking pleased and exclaiming: "Quite e English-lihke this. I daresay in a year or two we shall have snow." a A little outside of the mining township in which lived the unhappy couple, stood a 1 comfortable villa residence. A large garden, surrounded a large, square, red-brick house; a verandah running round three sides kept off much heat and hot wind. Very well-to-do people enjoyed life in that villa, Burwood t Grange, by name-a successful lawyer and Iris cosy.looking wife were the fortunate owners, with some five young hopefuls to step into their shoes, or, most likely, into larger ones, completed the family circle. Mr. and AMrs. Alton were hospitable people, and loved to gather friends, young and old, around them. One Christmas guest had already ar rived, much beloved of the youngsters and dubbed " Auntie" by them. Let us glance at her as she stands before the fire in the breakfast-room. A dark, navy blue, summer serge sets off a fair complexion ; the figure is graceful, the face thin, the eyes wear a sad, and at times hungry, look in them, tile corners of a sweet mloutll droop, as if a weary thought dwelt in the soul habi tually; when strongly moved the habit of uttering her thoughts aloud has grown upon her. Let us listen. "Ten years I How long, how weary, beyond words they have been. What a happy day It was that Christmas Eve ten years ago-and the next day. Ahi I that was the happiest of my life, and then one short week of joy and love. Ah mel 1 Then never to see your face again Frank, my Frank-mine by the divine right of love. How could you deceive me so? After swearing you could never think of another woman, to think you should have been making love to Diana all the time. Oh it was cruel-and I never even to guess it. Was it because I was so innocent that you chose me to make fun of? And yet it seemed so real-though the reasons you gave day after day for putting off a public announce ment of our engagement must have been more excuses. Ah, Frank, only your own handwriting and Diana's together could have convinced me of your sudden marriage and journey to Europe. I should have had such trust in you- such love for you as I feel sure was not in Diana's nature to give. I see now she was selfish-and not a word all thlse years. Ah, well I Its no use thinking altt. all 'Tis better to have loved and lost Then naevr to lhave loved at all One learns one's best and truest lessons through suffering. Dear Mrs. Harrington used to tell me that no crown worth wearing could be had without the cross first-anyway -she has worn hers a long time now. Poor Reginald I her favourite son, and I could not love him even to please her-to think he turned so wild in the far away lands. How she prayed for him. Well I he is sure to win home at last. A mother's prayers can never be lost. I wonder where they all are; and what has set me thinking so painfully of them all. It won't do. I must get towork and turn . my mind to other sorrows. Dear me I I believe I promisdd to go to that poor woman IMrs. Moggs told me of, and the morning is half over-let me see-it was Handbine cot tage, Daisy Lane. I wonder if she is very poor; and if she can mend lace properly anyway I must be off." "Auntie, auntie I Ma says if you are going out she wants you to look for Santa Clnu. for her, he promised us something if we were good to-morrow." "Ess an me's doing to hab pitty dollie Tana Craws ted me must auntie Dae,.." Sput in a merry little fairy of some three sum mers. "'Ties me dood bye, and tell himme's very deed an' me's waitin' hard.!! - .. .. "All right, my fairy. Santa Claus wil: surely send you a dollio. Be good girlie till auntie comes home, and she'll toll her darling a story." And there we meet Grace Moferton once more, and note time's gentle dealings with her pure, unselfish nature, hardly tried, and bitterly wronged. She had bravely borne all after the first passionate grief in silence, for the sake of her dear ones, wearing smiles and bright looks, which, if they were not so sunny as of old, were at least ten times sweeter. Her nature had developed all the sympathy and kindliness of atrue hearted Christian woman. Following her Divine Master, her ear was at all times open to the wants of her poor and sorrowing mother's and sisters, and the loving grace with which all her help was given made it always doubly grateful. Through her own sad life she had learnt to understand the world's sadness-the furnace of suffering had refined lher golden nature till its brightness shone into many and many a dull life. But by this time she is trying to find Handbino Cottage, and preceding her by sone ten minutes, we hear the following words in Diana's sharp voice: " Well, I can't wait all the morning in for that tiresome woman. I dare say she's rich, and does not care whose time she wastes. I am going out. If she comes before an hour tell her to wait. I shall leave the front door open, so you can call out to her to come in; at least, I suppose that will not be too much exertion for you." "Oh, Diana, the draught, and it's so cold to-day," began the sick man from the sofa, whore he lay shivering and white; but Diana had already gone, and so nothing remained but to sigh and wait. Often when we wait, almost with hope, with no feeling in the heart but elusolatlon andl despair, comes a blessing most unexpected and unlooked for; and so to poor dying Reginald, some twenty or thirty minutes later, after one or two knocks at the open door, not hearing the weak voice called, "Come in." Grace IMorton entered saying, "Yes, this is eortainly HIandbine Cottage. Perlhaps if I go in and wait, the woman may come. She turned into the imall comfortless parlor, and started at beholding, as she thought, a dead man, on tie sofa; but, recovering herself, she quickly advanced and seon saw he had only faIintcd ; but, as siRe looklted downon hlim, there grew into hler thle consciousness of memory, and suddenly it lashed upon her, that, despite the alterations time and sickness and ill- living had mande, there before hler lay the son of her dear friend Mrs IUlrrington-the mane whoso passionate, head-strong love for herself had at one time so grieved hler. 0 leis condition she lhad no dolubt, and wilthl her finger on his pulse, she wondered even if le could last out the day. Seeing a glass with water on a table near, shee prilnkled hIis face, and, drawing a bottle of strong salts from hler pocket ap plied it to his nostril. Soon he opened his eyes, gazing wildly into the sweet face above his, and wisispered- " Grace I Is it Grace, or a spirit ?" " My poor friend, I am Grace, indeed, but are you alone ? IHavo you no wine or nourishmeetnt heere ?" "I thought I leard your voice, and I be lieve I faleinteld. No, dear, I am alone just now. My wife is out. We are so poor; there is nothling in the house but bread and water." "Oh, hceginald I No, dlon't stop me, I halal be backe in a minute," said Grace, in a brolen voice, heart-stricelen at the plight of her old friend's son whom vo ie leelieved living in coepeetence; and, reenening quiciely down the street, eentercd tiee first hotel sle came to, n rd, rocuring' wine, hlnstily returned to the leuee wite it. lcgienahll soon revived a little, and tried to reply to Graco's questions. " Yes, dear Grace, it is a sad ending to a life that at one tieno promeised so fair, and I have no one to thank for it but my wife. Curse her I " he said, as lorcely as he could. "Hush, hush my friend. You who are so met, when he bluntly told him the truth in re gard to his eldest son Steve and Annie. Steve had confessed to his father, and on the latter refusing to sanction a marriage of two such people, he lhad run away-John know not where, nor, said he, did he care. The fact is John wanted his son to marry the daughter of a neighboiuring settler who was well in. Archie's rage was terrible. Never had a stigma rested upon his family until now. It seemeId his Companion had pre. pared thin in order to nerve him to the terrible deed that lie daily suggested. And he went home to do that deed. I approach now scenes of an extraordinary and supernatural character, narrated as they were told me by the chief, and I must pro. mise I oiler no explanation. Whether, as the materialists will hold, Archie's visions were the offspring of a naturally morbid mind, the morbidity of which was intensified by the delirium that follows excess, or they were really visitations from the Dread and Unseen Land, I cannot say. But to Archie they were real. Christmas l)ay opened with a fearful con. flict of the elements. Clouds black as Lrebus shut out the sun, lightiings lit up the gloomy panorama, and terrilic thlnders reverberated from peak to peak, and the rain caine down in a deluge. Archie awoie to laugh and ges ticulate and drink. Katie, ill and feverish, was to look after the housaie, and to make pro. parations to go out with the sheep. She had gone up to the cave during the night and left provisions with Annie, who talked of walking to a distant place, to which she thought b Steve, her still dear Steve, had gone. " is d.....c .,si: Nix ,lays of storm and. Sram, during wir,. poor Katie herded the flock and tended her father. What the brave little soul suffered during that I will not distress the reader by relating. Annie had gone off to the town, and she was left alone in this awful solitude with her half-mad father. But thlrouwllout that fiery trial there stood by her One who never fails those who trust in Ilim. But on New Year's Eve she canme home, how she knew not, tottering, worn out, and lay down on her couch, never to rise again. Not a drop was wanting to fill the cup of her sorrows. l1er father had been working at the musical box, and it would not give forth a note. And as sheit lay on her couch, faint and dazed, she saw that lie looked at her in a manner that was more like that of a fiend than a man. But nature was exhausted, and she sank into a heavy sleep, the precureor of that to which there is no waking. Archie sat and drank, and became more insane every hour. lie knew the terrible hour was approaching, when 'all w6uld be over, and lie gloated over it. The rain had cleared away, and as the even. ing wore on the 110oon rose, anld her light streamed into the room, touching lovingly tile fevered face of the little girl, almost too beautiful for earth. The man's candle had gone out. lie looked at his daughter and shook his head. Opposite to him sat the Companion. lie could not tell what lie was like; his face changed so often. Sometimes it appeared tllat of a youth, but on whose fair face was every mark of sin and crime. Again it was a dark and grim countenance, that of a man in the prime of his evil dayr. But occasionally it was the face of death, a grimy skull, from the cyesockets of which came a livid blue flame, that made the light turn pale. But in all phases it was horrible; too horrible for even the imagination of a Blake or a I)ore. Not unfreqluently it as. sumed a likeness to that of some of Archic's companions in sin-dlead now and damned; and tlhen it was more terrible than ever. These Archie would address, and he would receive replies, heard by none but himself, but none the less real. The Companion pointed to the bedroom andi Archie obeyed. For a time lie could not sleep. To his sur prise, tie Companion vanished and nwas not to be seen. This dreadfully alarmed him; the perspiration broke out upon him in streams. The silence and darkness, and loneliness . as terrible. At last lie fell into a troubled slurmuer, such as alone visit men in his state. It did not last long. Hle woke feeling an unutterable horror, woke to see a fornm at his bledide "iucli as we should pray never to see. The form of one from the grave, loathsome beyond words, clothed in a shroud of purple flame, all the passions of the realm of pain graven upon its dread features. Then the man knew his hotir was come; that at last lie was to receive his reward and to be nurs bored with those who are lost for ever I "Come," said the Form in a voice that seemed to come millions of miles=-deep, sepulchral, unearthly. A cold hand was laid upon his-a hand the touch of which sent through his frame tilhe tortures of tie region whence this figure came. To this day tile man shows that hand, now partially paralysed with a livid weal upon its palm. The figure led him to the room where wee Kate lay struggling with the disease that was so soon to claim one of the fairest flowers of earth-a fate hastened by exposure and anguish of the past few days. The moon beams had crept and now illuminated the sweet little face, now as pale as the snow flower, now flushed and pink. The little breast heaved rapidly, the breath came and went in flickers. On a little table by the couch was placed her musical box; dumb when its owner wished so much to hear its tiny but beloved voice. But there were more than tile throo.in that room. The awestruck man now face to face with the door that his Companion had pre ferred, saw the place was full of companies. The dead were there crowding each other, motking, moving, grinning, crowding around the little sleeper. Forms were there which belonged not to this earth nor to the land of ghosts; fiends from tile depths of perdition come to see the final act in the tragedy that was to give them a brother. It seemed to him the figure guided his hands to the box contaiining the razor, opened it, and placed the implement in his hands. Its steel blade glittered with a horrible blue in the mioonlighit. Then the figure spoke to hin in that voice frorl the grave, and told him how good it wns, hlow well designed. Ile would terminate in one moment his life, and that of tle clhill he loved so dearly. Tie world noiuld hear of the di ed, and his rcvenge hlie complete. To their dying day it would libe repronohll to Annio and thie \Vilsons. Aiol n the deed wasI over, all would be peace, ce for everore, tim peace arnd sillence of ow the ghosts: and their dreaud cisulratlcs ild. And yet lie apllroschdl the couch. le ued down and looked at the lthin wanlited tr the childl lie loaed i, wll; lihe em d the fair young neck. And then i or, father," :said wcec Klatiec, raising hlerself iiiand tlr'owinig her iar is arii)unld hie nieck. 'I is well now. I halv nro fear, I know yu5 will yet l happllly. The angels have beet vit lh le o-toniglt. and inlotl?er, dear mother, lsH Ioen here. Ail,1 they esurig to mne, oh, so snWetly, etter thln lily poior box, my poor dumb ox. Father, liromlise lie wleli I am gone torust ino the deair God wi oli his been so good, o me, who loves you no iiimuch, and vwho died >r you. IOh, failthri, lie iis not the awful Gold iu thlunk. 11e in all love iand forgivenuess. Bcev in llim, fither, believe in Him, as I do I What sound watChllin? The razor dropping on the floor, the nsO.'e kniiees an I kniiolt downi by the couch. \Vhat.lhange was this coiingiiii? Were his eyes deceiveg hni r? Thle Ihorrible shadows of thle night ariaihd, mand in their place appeared sonllO Lautiful and gracious forms, clud in rohcs of ight. Every mioon beams had its Ibrighlt vOion, beaiining withl heavenly love upol the womuticbed ainner. "Katie, iatic," lie cried; 'There iatclhanige. Tho stone seems to lhave ellen out oa iiy heart, the eladow is lifted O0 iiy soIil. Andi yet but a few moortineuot ille"--lhere lie shuddered-" I was in hiell, in tCe midst of the olpirits of the devil and danlred." SGod hail heard me, lfather, lnat i all,:' said the child inl reply. Ie moved' toget nearer too he cotch. As lie did so his foot struck against thie table, it swayed, and the little box fell or to the ground. What was thoe causoet I now rot; but he fall must ihave started thu maclhinry, for it at once commenced to play, its clear, silvery notes ringing through the chamber. "There it is father," the child cried in ecetacy, " the voice from Heaven. Don't you hear it father?" ting thIe llls of Ifeaven, there is joy to- day; For a soul returning from tile wild See the Father meets him out upon the way, Welcoming Ilia weary, wandering child ! Glorry I Glory! how the angels sing, Glory ! Gloryl how the loud harps ring? 'Tis the ransomed army like a mighty sea, ' Pealing forth the anthem of the Free I Yes I Ring the Bells of Heaven I for the long dark ness is over, the father has returned to life andilight, the daughter is about to enter where is neither sorrow nor pain nor wear ness',nor tears. Iring the Bells of IIeaven I Iing out the peal of the spirits born again, in this world and in that which is to come. People came in and stood around the bed but the father noticed them not; the repent ant Annie, whose lover had met her, the dear boy Willie, who lhad returned with them to see his little sister. For a time she rallied, clasping the" hands of her dear brother, her restored father. But when his gift came to that air which it had played the night her mother died, the Messenger appeared, the wings of the Angels nestled in the room. "She is here," said wee Katie, looking up wards, at a moonbeam that lovingly rested upon the musical box. "I hear her, I hear her. Al I there it is " HIomn, sweet home, our home for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcomed' home to wander never, HSaved through Jesus- Homoe t last. - . 