OUR LONDON LETTER. 'HOME AND COLONIAL GOSSIP. (FROM OUH SPECIAL COBRESPONDENT.) London, June 1. THE NEW BISHOP. \- Chancing to be in Edinburgh on Sunday, May 20, I attended St. John's Ohuroli to hear Bishop Sandford's fare well sermon. The elegant and roomy building, with its lofty columns, stained windows, mural tablets, and beautifully carved seats, waa crowded, and I had to be content with a chair near the door. The ? service,- which had no sign whatever of High Ohurohism, was shortened, and the ' Bishop mounted the pulpit at 12 o'clock. Of .middle height, Dr. Sandford is portly aabecomesa man of middle age, but by no- means stout. Evidently he iB: in prime vigour. With a bald head, Dr. Sandford has an iron grey beard, ? moustache, and whiskers ; his whole 6ut ward appearance is one of gravity, lightened by a certain pleasantness of demeanour that go to make a very en gaging face. The Bishop's voice is remarkably sonorous ; I heard it at the door as clearly as possible, not missing a word. It is a big manly voice that seems tOircome from a 'man.' In style the Bishop is measured rather than rapid/ but he speaks freely, and of course with out a. trace of Scotticism. Dr. Sandford's - text. on May 20 was ' The grace , of t the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the: communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen.' (II. Corinthians, xiii.yl4.) In opening he said — I stand here to-day to speak to you for the last time. The pastoral relations of my two predecessors ended only by death. It has -seemed good to the wise and All EHeroiful to order things otherwise in my case.- ,; The call has come to me to rise up fromrpleasant places, to leave the work, homeand friends of many long eventful , years— to turn ' my , steps from home scenes and go forth to a new land \- for the time that . may remain to me inMife.. It is well for you and. for me and mine that this change ahould take place;,.because it is Hi3 wise and blessed and.. loving, will. Those who have gone before me remained to the last, and were to you models of Christian wisdom and personal goodness. I am taken from you ? that my place may be better filled and that you may profit more in the pastor, now, to be; giyen, to you. The Bishop then proceeded to refer to the history of St. John's, noting the main points of interest and progress in the three pasto rates which' had extended over. 90 years. He alluded encouragingly to the advance' which' the Episcopalians had made and. ar,e still making in Edinburgh, and warned the adherents of that selfishness, exclu siveness, isolation in spirit and feeling, indifference to the' affections, habits, and temperaments of fellow Christiana in Scot land, which,if indulged in, would mar and destroy present promise. He held that they, would most honour their Episcopal Fathers by taking warning from ttieif mistakes, as well as by laying to heart the lepsons of their loyalty, steadfastness, holiness, and zeal for what those Fathers had believed to be right and true. The Episcopal Church had a reparation to, make to Scotland, even though she suffered grievous wrong in the day of her trial'and visitation. God grant that the later chapters of her history mis;ht be more bright, more unsullied, and more glorious and happy. Finally the Bishop said '(his voice trembling somewhat :) — And now, my beloved brethren, my lips hesitate as 1 come to speak my last part ing Words to you . It will not be unseemly to, thank you even from this place for all your kindness, your forbearance, your forgiveness towards me — your longcon tinued, and ever- increasing goodness and affection to me and mine. You will not cease'to think of us sometimes, although we see you no more; you will not cease, to pray for us in our new and distant home j you will not fail also to read ever in our hearts and prayers a loving solicitous remembrance of you all at' St. John's.. Pray, I beseech you, that I may have strength equal to my, in creased responsibility in the diocese to which I am now going. . Help me,' strengthen me,- comfort me, bless me with the assurance of your sympathy and your intercessions at the throne1; of Grace. . I leave this to you. as my legacy, my token of undying love, my source of hope also ' for your future — 'The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God and the Communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all.' The Bishop then left the pulpit, having spoken 25 minutes, many of the congregation evidently joining in his emotion. Dr. Sandford left Edinburgh: at -the ond of May, and will start for ; Tasmania from London about. 12th July per Orient. ,, ' . ;, THE BISHOP'S EARLIER LIFE. ' The Alyth correspondent of the Scots man sends the following notes :-r-' The; circumstance that this new prelate, conse crated last week by the Archbishop of Canterbury, held his first appointment to the ministry in Alyth has excited con siderable local interest in the'iie.w-Angli-. can 'dignitary of , Tasmania; When the late 'Dean Torry resigned the incumbency of Alyth and Meigle in; 1853, Mr. Sand ford was nameS tb-succeed^ ;^iin. ' / When, the 'young preacher oame^iiipsfcsanguine expectations were formed of his character, belonging as. ho did to a family distin guished for accomplishments and ability, his father having been Sir Daniul Sand ford, the Greek Professor in Glasgow, afterwards for sometime M.P.for Paisley; arid his grandfather had long been Bishop in Edinburgh. The hopes of tho success of Mr. Sandford were not disappointed. He opened a school in connection with the congregation. Shortly afterwards lie, aided by a liberal body in the district, found funds to erect in 1854 an extensive building in Chapel-street, used for school and school-house. He also formed a Clothing Club that has gone on in a long career . of prosperity, and has been the means of doing much good to the indus trial class of tho town. Mr. Sanarord gave the Alyth Church an impulse of prosperity that was continued under Provost Burton, now of Perth, when here; and '? the present incumbent Mr. Aglen. After his short stay hero, Mr. Sandford was called to the large and wealthy congregation of St. John's, Edinburgh, where he has successfully laboured for twenty-eight years. The new Bishop is the first clergyman of the Scottish Episcopal Church that, has been raised .'to the Anglican Episcopate'. It is to be ' hoped the same measure of pros- ' perity that met his exertions in Alyth and . the(l metropolis will await him in.Tas'-' mania.' ??? ? '' ' ' ? :-1 ?'' ?' ?-'?'' ????il-v ,i;' THE ; IMMIGRATION QUESTION. : ? ? , I understand that Mr. Humphries,' the new agent, whose appointment dates from February 13, has not yet reached London. He is, I believe, still in ?? Italy, and is expected in London about June 7. All who are interested in the colony will be anxious to see how- the new officer is going to set to work. From what I gather from Tnsmanian newspapers it appears that there is no distinct understanding as to whether the agents who have acted for the colony for Borne years are to be recog nised as the heads of your Home Immi gration ? ?Department, or whether Mr; Humphries is himself to be the head. In the latter ? event it is hard : to see how Mr. Humphries is to attend to busi ness in London and at the same time select emigrants and deliver lectures' in the ^country. -.: The fact is the Hobart Board seem to be muddling matters: very' much; ' They are apparently authorising' twoseparate persons to do the same kind of- work, and : are dealing with the ques tion in a haphazard sort of way in the hope that things will shake down somb how^ i It is rank nonsense to be having! two first mates ? in your craft. Either appoint Mr. Humphries your Agent-' General; . and give him his offices and staff of. clerks, and make him the repre sentative ; of the Board, or else continue the supremacy of the agents, who have served the colony well in the past, ? and make Mr. Humphries their' subordinate. - This present plan of divided responsibility simply will' not, in my - opinion, work at all. : If . Mr. Humphries is to travel and lecture, he emphatically cannot attend to shipment and the thousand and one other datails. I have no hesitation, after careful enquiry, in ^saying that the sending o£ Mr.. Humphries to be the co-equal, in a large measure, of tha Emigrants' and Colonists' Aid Society is a great ? mistake ; indeed, without any reference to Mr. Humphries personally— I have not the pleasure of his acquaintance — I must repeat what I have before tclearly pointed out, namely, that, all that was needed was that you should send the London agents recent pamphlets, maps, and mineral specimens, and enable them to payito their numerous sub-agents in different parts of the country a suit able capitation fee. All the duties except the lecturing are ably fulfilled by the old agents ; if you thought it desirable at all you should have sent some practical Tas raanian. who could have acted as a referee and lecturer to the Colonists' Aid Society. Do you suppose there is any difficulty in getting emigrants to Tasmania ? Thanks to the efforts which your old agonts have made there were, as I am told, during April and May now last past 1034 letters and 385 callers received at 79| Graceohurch street. This is at the rate of 6204 letters and 2310 callers per, annum. . And how many emigrants will your £10,000 a-year send. out? Reckon it up, bearing in mind that each passage coats from £14 to £15, ahdyou will find the total to be only about 5pO, because you must make a deduction for salaries and' expenses. It needs very little insight to discover that all these rpundabout arrangements which the Board has-been making are likely to fall short of the efficiency desired. And then, what do you pay the two London representa tives? Mr. Humphries, who has in tome mysterious way to travel about the .coun try, and also.to, , arrange for the dispatch of the emigrants, is to get £45.0 a-year, and £250 for .expenses. The old agents, who as. a; matter of fact will have . to. do all the despatching work and: most of the drudgery, whilst Mr. Humphries is ; travelling about . the country, will get £300 only, with a reimbursement of certain expenses. . And dp the , Board, sup'posethat 6204 letters and 2310 callers, banbe! attended: to.. without ;the exclusive; seryices oE: at least one: or. ;two clerks?, If so,, do they imagine that clerks inLon-, don f.work for nothing,? ; ; This .paltry remuneration is utterly inadequate to, the '?justice. .andi. necessities ? of: the case. .It inak.es; ,mq, .as a. former resident, in ,y$uru ) I -io/iM ???i :i ,-..?:?..?'!. !'.-. i ;!:-.!'' !-? r. ;;') -jd; ?--! colony, simply exasperated to see your authorities going to work in ?. this petti fogging spirit. This looks like a special , plea for the old agents. I mean it as such, because I consider — and every man who looks at tho matter in a business way must consider—that the agents who are best able to serve Tasmania are not treated in a manner worthy of tho colony or of their services. The disparity between the sums paid to the old agents and to Mr. Humphries is altogether unjust and cannot possibly have- been calculated by gentlemen per sonally acquainted with the London con ditions. 1 have sought to show in the past, and now again, that if you give your old agents recent information about the colony and pay them well, you will get more immigrants to Tasmania than you can pay for. If|you wish, as it appears, to have a lecturer to persuade men of capital to emigrate, then make him the subordi nate colleague of the old agents, with instructions to act under them. ? This is what should be done now, as matters stand. Tho half and half plan of sending home, a somi-inddpendent lecturer with undefinable duties, apparently clashing with those, of the old agents, is wasteful of your slender resources and not calculated to .secure efficiency ; rather to prOr duce the dissatisfaction which always ensues, , upon divided responsibility. , I. would like to add that I write thus with out any personal animosity againBt Mr. ? Humphries, who is a stranger, and with out favouritism towards the old agents, to whorii I am under no sort of obligation. I write as a Tasmanian, and with a decided conviction that the present extraordinary plan for emigration hence to Tasmania will not meet tho needs of the colony. I sincerely hope that the member's of tho Board in Hobart will do me the honour to give my remarks that consideration which, as an impartial well-wishing and hiit altogether inexperienced critic,,! may fairly claim. .. ,.'. ,;?.-.',,,,. '..'-. , I hear that the agents wilLbe despatch ing 150 emigrants to .you; between this, date and July 12; ?' ' One batch will go in. the1 Orient with .'the. Bishop. V '.:'.',.;, ::';\ i Tho French' Company' whom' M. 'de [iBBs'epa I heads ; is undoubtedly; jealous of England, and not anxious to ?accommo- date her merchants as a:mattor of* prefer-, eiice.- M. de iies'seps's' ' sonj 'and general ?manager, has, ,. 'however, ' come 'to see that as 80. :! per!, V, cent. of the shipping that goes .through: :the Canal is British it is necessary on purely com mercial principles to studyBritish wishes. Accordingly tlie Canal Company is show ing a muoh, more pleasuit' front towards the influential Englishmen. who set about the project of making a second canal in dependently of the old: Company. The probability , is that the London agitators, having succeeded ; in making the old Company begin the construction of a second canal, will let their plan of a separate canal fall through, and do their best to secure a share in the new under takingl There lias been a good deal of jealousy shown in France over this busi ness. The Suez Canal is France's pet scheme, and, our neighbours, look upon it as almost a national work, and cannot endure .the idea of British supremacy in regard to.it. ? ? ?' .? ? , ? -,- - , THE , POLITipAIi PARALYSIS. The Conservatives declare that this condition exists because the Government have not brought forward measures in which the public are warmly . concerned, whilst the Liberals assert that the check to legislation is due to . iun- . exa'mpled obstructiveness on the part of the Opposition. Mr. Gladstone1 has just called a special meeting of tho party at Downing-street, and taken counsel as to the tactics to be pursued. It is undeniable that the Government have as yet done little to redeem their great promises of 1880. They have been hindered by Egypt and Ireland. True they cauld not help that ; but the public judge simply by results, taking little account of ' the obstacles that have occurred. Thus when they see a barren record of three years of Liberal adminis tration they begin to . grumble. Mr. Gladstone's Cabinet has certainly lost caste lately, and it is the avowed policy of the Conservatives to lessen the Govern ment dignity by preventing, as far as possible anyprogress with urgently needed measures, such as the Corrupt Practices Bill, the Agricultural Holdings Bill, the Tenants Compensation Bill, and so on. One damaging influence has been the indignity which we have undoubtedly suffered in connection with the Transvaal. The Bbera|havo laughed at our Convention ,-i-and we have had to let them do so, ? because it is not worth while going to war over the dispute. There remainnow only three months of the session. It is to be hoped that the Government will manage to push some isalutary measures through, otherwise the credit of theXiberal party will be seriously damaged, for the general 'election in 1884; . ??? . . ' ? ? ', '?'..', ?'?;? THE CZAR.,, ' .' ' ,; ; The magnificent ceremonies attending ;ihe coronation at Mpsco'w of the Czar are' still proceeding. ; ' Their'tbtal oost will be £2,000,000. The most remarkable feature ;ojf. the i marvellously rbrilliant ceremonial ?has been: the :: enthusiasm. -of the JRussjan: j-p^eOpleV ?'???? 'iDeapiie the1 inroads' qi Nihilism ? ithe'Gzar evideh'tly'haB still' the popular' love which tho Romanoffs have* for-' over 200 years claimed and received. IioolHng at the Czar as the head of the churclij as well as of the Government, and regarding him as the Elect of Heaven, thd loyal Russian sees in his Emperor the contro of his most ardent and devoted feelings. Notwithstanding his autocracy the Czar is said to be as popular in St. Petersburg as the Prince Of Wales i3 in London. Cer tainly if the public demeanour at Moscow this week can be trusted, the Czar ha3 an unexpected share of the Russian national affection. ,: . 