EGYPTIAN GHOSTS. A BUST portal m the Jinn Zooayloy, which stands between two minarets, and is supposed to be haunted by the presence of the-Kutti, who is the most holy of tho Walees or saints. People tormented with toothache drive a nail into this door to charm away pain, and victims, of toothache will sometimes actually draw a tooth and hang it up in some crevico of tho wall, in tho same nope. On tho gate were formerly exhibited the heads of criminals ; but this practico has been discontinued in Cairo, ns well as in London, and tho massacre of the Mamelukes afforded tho latest decora- tion in this style. "; This is not tho only placo supposed to bo haunted by evil spirits. The Jinns or Genii still amuse themselves by teasing peaceable householders, and find their, way into private, dwellings. They are supposed to , bo impri- soned during tho forty days of Bamazan, but at tho closo of that holy season ;tliey recom- mence. their panks ¡ so tho women, sprinkle salt upon tho'floors of their rooms in tho name of God tho most merciful, and they suppose that this will prevent tho evil ' spirit from entering. , , In tho desolate, forsaken suburbs aro anciont tombs and ruined "mosques without number. These aro the abodes of tho Effrits, some of whom aro evil Genii, others tho ghosts of tho unhappy dead. Ono touch from tho ; shadowy finger of an Effrit would leavei his j human victim a howling, helpless, demoniac ; | so it muBt bo a bold man who will face such dangers at mystic hours of night, or in divers . phases of the moon. Some years ago Mr Lano, the Arabic scholar, and his sister, Mrs Poole, occupied ono of these haunted houses, and published an extraordinary nccount of the marvellous sights and sounds, whichmade all their ser yanta - leave, and-finally- compelled - then»- to follow suit, but which could never be in any way accounted for. The knew the tradition of the treacherous murder which clung to the house, and they heard fearful shrieks, groans, and yells resounding in their ears, and their servants vowed that again and again they be- held " the accursed " in visible form paos from room to room. On one occasion tho accursed was shot, and Mrs Poole declared that tbe agonising scuffling and groaning that ensued made her rush to see what human beiug was dying. The servant who fired the shot was shouting for aid, but all that was found beside the bullet was a lump of burnt cinder resembling the sole of a shoo, which all the Arabs declared to be tho invariable relic left when a devil was destroyed. The legions of spirits increased their antics tenfold to avenge their injured brother, till at Inst they succeeded in driving out all human beings and retaining undisturbed possession of tho house. There is not un action in life that is not fraught with mora or less danger from evil spirits, but the terror ever presented to tho Egyptian mind is that of the Evil Eye. Every admiring glance cast on whatever belongs to them is actually a pang, so certain it is that some mischief will ensue. It would not even be safe for a man to behold Iiis own face in a looking gluss without blessing the name of the Prophet, lest his unconscious admiration of himself should work mischief. Should a stranger, ignorant of tho custom, praise any- thing he beholds he is at once requested to repeat certain words of invocation windi may avort the probable calamity. <; Most especially does this dread apply to children. You will seo the neatest,'cleanest, Egyptian lady, whose own raiment is of fault- less purity, followed by bur little ones, who are purposely left filthy, so as to attract less atten- tion. Sometimes small boys are even dressed as girls, so as to excite less envy. A mother who, nevertheless, fears that her child has been admired, will at sunset cut off a fragment of its dress, burn it with a little salt and alum, and sprinkle her child with tho ashes, having first fumigated it with smoke. Many counter-charms are commonly used. A favourite is to burn alum while reciting chapters of tho Koran, The alum will surely take the form of the envious person, and this little image must bo powdered and mixed with food and so given to a black dog. A little alum, or a few cowrie shells, worn about the dress avert this evil ; and this ia the reason why so many trappings for horses and camels are all trimmed with cowrie shell. Perhaps the most curious tiling of all is to' hear men declaring that they would sooner eat poison than taste the fat meat hung up in butcher's shops, lest any hungry beggar should have beheld and coveted it. They prefer going to distant shops where tho meat is concealed from passers-by. Only think of the row of carriages outside some fashionable confectioner's shop ; imagine that all his ices are so much poison by reason of the envious bystanders and wretched beggars who stand watohing the pretty ladies enjoying their good ice- creams, " Gentleman's Magazine." ','"r 