ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. iNOTHSB surprise—the Hon. John Douglas gone up to try and oust Groom from the repre sentation of Drayton and Toowoomba, and under tbs.auspices of the Hon. P. Perkins, too t It trill ho a greater surprise itili if he aucceeda. Certainly ''it is the unexpected (hat always happens," as the French say, and it is not absolutely impossible for this event to take place'; but if it does, then all I can say is that Parkins' beor, and his influence in Drayton and Tooooomba, are very much stronger than I thought. What can have happened to my old friend that he should break oat like this ? Has the transcontinental land grant railway project affeotsd his poor head and driven him cranky? Oris he doingit all " jnst for a lark?" I cannot, for the life of me, get to the bottom of the extraordinary proceeding. Only eighteen months ago, when Palmer resigned for North Brisbane, he could have taken hie place without the slightest opposition, but he would not. All the coaxing and urgent entreaties of influential electors failed to move him. He was inexorable. Then, when the general election came, he j rushed into the fr\kj unsolicited, but with the avowed object ot earing the M'llwraith | party from utter rout! The party that he had always opposed up to thit time. Having failed to defeat Griffith in North Brisbane, which he j aays he regarded as a sort of Forlorn Hope, he now goes on an equally desperate venture to I Drayton and Toowoomba to defeat Groom in liis j own stronghold ! If he succeeds he will per form an extraordinary feat—but not rnoro extraordinary than the feat he hss already accomplished—namely, changing Bides in politics and accepting the Minister for hands as patron and guide—a sort of political step-father in fact. Should he be returned to the Legislative Assembly under such auspices, how is he going to show his gratitude to the Hon. F. P.? The Hon, Bat.iiffe Fring used to get chaffed unmercifully on the facility with which ho modified the tone of his politics on special occasions, but his changes were trifling in comparison to those which the Hon. John has now made, and yet Fring at last could hot find a constituency throughout the length and breadth of the colony that would elect him as its representative. This shows that political consistency still counts for some I thing in the electorates, whatever Mr. Douglas may think orsaytotbeconl rary; and how can he makeoutthatheie consistent when ho is opposing his former colleagues under the patronago of the Ministry that succeeded his own ? If it is all done for a joke I cannot see where the fnn oomes in, and if it is in earnest, then all I can say is that it it the most reckless and senseless political suicide that I ever knew to be com mitted. Fersons who took an interest in our local politics five or six years tgo, will remember what an awful amount of virtuous indignation was expressed by the present Premier and the chief men injhisparty ovorja Crown lands ranger named Ballinger—since dead, poor fellow 1— because it was discovered that he took an . active part in electioneering in his own district on the side of the Liberals. Ballinger was one of the best bush men in this pjrt of the colony. He had a won derful gift for finding out the best routes for roads from one point to anolhor, and although no scholar, was a most eflicient man at tho work in which he was engaged, and very indus trious withal, and thoroughly trustworthy. AH this is on record in official correspondence to be found in the Journals of the Assembly, but it was regarded as only tho small dust in the balance compared to the fact ■ that he had also a gift for electioneering, and exercised it at times on behalf of the political party to which ho had always owed allegiance—which, unfortunately, was not the M'llwraith and Forkins party-so Bal linger was kioked out of his billot with as much ignominy as could be conveniently heaped upon him. How, these pure and virtuous patriots, whoso feelings woro so outraged bacause Bal linger engaged in electioneering—for tlio other follows, and was supposed to be an adtpt at it, too—are making use of the self-same moans to further tho roturn of thoir candidates. A cor respondent-, who is well posted up in these little matters, wrote mo, nfowda.tsogo, as follows:— A Crown lands rumtcr was removed from tho coast to tho Toowoomba district; ho is a supporter of 1 or v-ins's For tho lavt ttaroa mont-hi bo has been dee tiouce'riag on the quiet. On Friday morning about 8 o'clock ho left Toowoomba. dressed in bush fashion— £bluo shirt sml bolt;.in tho latter a tomahawk wa? flfloii "(Jolnic olccMouccnn*,-, old man? aald a Ojssor-hv" " Ob, no f ho replied; " novor mix in poll, lie, " On wout ltob until Hishliold was roaohed. Ho wont to a pub., put bis borse In tbo stable, thou went „to a room kid changed bis apparel..coining out dressed in' different castnmo, auit for the w hole day was working with O'Suliivan, horth, and others (or Perkins. Boh is now working quietly for O auUtvau. Certainly this man acted with ntoro circum spect ion" than Bnllingor usod to display. He, poor fellow, was so terribly in earnest, and so full of rial for the cause lie o-poused, (but lie must needs proclaim it from the housetops, ss tlio saying is, aud uoTor allowed anybody to bo 'under the slightest misapprehensionas to which side he waa on both in politics and all other matters in.-which he took any interest all all. His successor, joU observe, is far more discreet. But then he is electioneering all the same, and the country is paying him as a , Crown lands ranger while ho is working for his patrons as an electioneering agent. If BalUnger was wrong ho v can this man he right ? ► I have no sort of sympathy with the persons who are heaping condemnation on the heads of the members of the Brisbane Football Club who broke their engagement to go up and play an Ipswich team. Second thoughts are always best—or nearly always, at any rate—and it is very evident to all impartial and intelligent observers that the second thoughts in this cose were far the b*st. It was matter for regret, porhsps, that these " thoughts " came so late —ten o'clock on Friday night, when the match was to hivo been played the next day — but at most it waB only unfortunate accident that they did not come sooner, and I am far from clear that an earlier decision would have be?n preferable Yon see this club has hitherto been able to boast, iu its annual reports, that it has never been conquered in a match yet. Haling won the prond distinction, barring ths little "accident" with thi "Wallorooa ,it is [ only natural and reasonable that the club •liould desire to keep it. Well, there hare I been during this season unmistakable indica- | lions that the Ipswich footballers would giro a big "licking" to the Brisbane I lab if! it went up there to play. The latter club [ has bo far contrived to escape the "licking/' and now, just at the finish of the season, ! above all other times, why should they tempt I providence by going to Ipswich, gettiog the licking, and thereby utterly spoiling the forth* coming annual report of the club by robbing it | of the most telling passage it would contain? Why should they do it?^ If the determination to shirk the match had been conveyed to the Ipswich clnb earlier it would have got into the newspapers, and there would have been no end of a hubbub and a bantering, and sneering, and scoffing, and poking up, which might have been more than the Brisbane Olub could stand, in which c;se they would have sent up a team, no matter how dreadfully they might have been beaten—and do ruined all. As it was all the comment came in after .it was too late to alter the arrangements, and now the season is too near the close to render another challenge from Ipswich admissable. I think it was a most wise and prudent determination for the clnb to arrive at, and the most wise andprndent part was not to decide in the way they did until, it was impossible to reverse the decision. How the annual report of the Brisbane Olub for this year will, I am fully pursnaded, be more flowery andmagniloquent than ever, because another year has passed, and still they can proudly boa:t that their clnb has been victorious in every match in which it has played, no matter where the opponents came from, north, south, east, or west, n»ar or far. It is a grand thing to say — in a report—mind you. It reads splendid. If ever I join a football olub, most assuredly I shall choose the Brisbane—if the members stick to their present policy. Nobody can* justly describe the .Melbourne Argus as a comic journal. Neither is it, so far as my experience goes, a paper that aims at being mystical, nor given to maliciously laying traps in its columns to catch unwary readers and drive them mad in vain attempts to solve the insolvable. On the contrary, the .Mel bourne Argus, for the last twenty years to my certain knowledge, has been a highly respect- j able paper; the " leading journal" of Victoria— nay, of Australia for that matter - and a sober, trustworthy guide on all sorts of important questions—except perhaps " Protection to local industries" in the sense in which Mr. Mirams, "Dismal Jemmy," as our Melbourne correspon dent irreverently terms htm. would explain that abstruse bat intere- ting subject. Nevertheless in the Argus of Soptomber 11, under the heading "Deaths," appears the following, which I extract verbatim el literatim—word for word, and letter for letter:— Habds.—August 3, 1S3J, at Sydnoy, Julia Alice ; January 17, 1S74, Joseph BaWock, second daughter and fourth son of Bichard and Mary Ann Hards, of Stittagong; grandchildren of the lato Geor.ro Hards, Esq., Ben., of Kcnsiagton-ginleus, Brighton, Eng land; also of the lato John Butcher, Esq., oMVil mingtnn, Kent; great niece and nephew of Iho lato Dre Henry and Joseyh Baldcck Butcher, 51.D.; also of tho late Baldock Butcher, K.N. ; groat grand uieco and uoi'liow, of tho lato WiUfaui liaUlock, Esq., banker, of Potbara- house, Pethain, Keiu, England; great graud niece and nephew of the lato Kichara Bobitison Lord ilokeby, bironet. Tho first impression on reading the above is that Julia 3 lice died at Sydney, on tho 3rd of August, 1833, and January 17,1S74, and that , Joseph Baldook is tho second daughter and j fourth son of Biehard and Mary Ann Hards But this is hard to believe. Although a cat is said to have nine livos, there is no authentic rocord of any human being having boen gifted with moro than one. It is true that Macbeth obserred on a memorable occasion that Tho times have bean. That, when tho brains wore out the man wou!d dio,. ' Aud there an cud;'but uov.thoy rise again, j With twonty mortal muiders on thoir crowns, | And ynsh uj from our stools. , * | £ut then, in tho first place, Macbeth was not a I man of high moral character, whoso' tinsup ported statement coald be implicitly accepted at all times, and on the occasion when bemadetbe remarks above quoted be thought be saw the ghost of Mr. B aequo, whom be bad previously murdered, come and sit on the seat at the dinner table which, bad been placed for Macbeth him self. But Mrs. Macbeth and the other guests declared that the seat was empty, and that Mccbetb must Lave " gone off bis chump," as the saying is; to make such on assertion. • .It is alio asserted that at one of the late elections a voter came to poll as Michael Flannigan,. and one of - the scrutineers, who knew the man,* at once said, " 1-always understood you were the son of old Pat. Bafferty," whereupon the voter replied, " So I am, but that is by a different mother," which so bothered the returning officer and all the scrutineers present that the man gob his voting paper at once. Still, none of these instances justify me in coming to the conclusion that Julia Alice Hard died on tbo 17th of January, 1874, and again at Sydney on the 3rd of August last, much less that Joseph Baldock is the second daughter and fourth eon of Bichard and Mary Ann Hards, of Mittagong—or any where elso for that matter. Bub the record of this Joseph Baldock gets moro confusing the further you read about him until the final cli max is reached, when it is stated that he was the " Great grand ncice and nephew of the late Bichard Eobinson Lord Bokeby, Baronet." Of course, if Joseph Baldock is the grand ncice and nephew of the late Bichard Bobinson, then Lord Bokeby is a Baronet, and '* the King is & gentleman," as was so often asserted by our grandfathers and great-grandfathers. But if— " 0, that way madness lies; let me shun that." 