Country News. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] BIRDSVILLE, October 17. THE settlers in this far out of the way place are getting ahead very well, although the difficulties are bad enough. Business is anything but brisk; this I account for in the following manner. Tho squatters were disappointed last year in not having their supplies ; indeed, some were put to their wits end. In order not to allow a repetition of the like, they have passed our little township, and actually gone into South Australia to buy. As caravan after caravan passes through, it reminds me of the people in the old world going to Egypt to buy corn. But I think the South Australia racket will not continue for a length of time, as goods in Birdsville are being offered at a little over cost. For example, best flour is quoted at £40 per ton, and few buyers; good ration sugar, £65 per ton. The stocks in the three stores are large, and the demand small. The oldest store in town is that owned by Messrs. Burt and Co.; second, Robert Frew; third, H. C. Armstrong, late of Hay and Wilcannia, New South Wales. The buildings in the town are principally constructed of galvanised iron. There are two hotels licensed; a third is being built, and I am informed that the new arrival intends to apply at the first licensing bench held at Win- dorah. The oldest hotel is owned and licensed by Mr. William Tucker. This building is of the pioneer style and peculiar, partly built of wood and mud. I am of opinion that the architect in the beginning must have had a good idea in his head, but, like many other clever men, died before his grand scheme was accom- plished. The second hotel, called the Birds- ville, is owned and occupied by Mr. William Blair. This hotel stands in the best part of the town, and outside it puts the traveller in mind of Lytton's description of the cele- brated " Spotted Dog Inn *—only wanting the psalm-grinder, Peter Dealtry. The hotel to be called the Arcade, now in course of erec- tion, has every appearance of being a commo- dious one, and if the present architects and contractors live long enough I have not the least doubt in my mind that their services will be in demand. The post-office is carried on in connection with the old store, but of late they have dispensed with stamps, and letters have to be posted on the happy-go-lucky style. The next I pass to are our respectable artisans. The first and most prominent stands the little blacksmith,, with his brawny arms, but not under a spreading chestnut tree. His labour is greatly wanted in this part--so much Indeed that our townsman is enlarging his premises and increasing his staff. Messrs. Smith and Wookie are contractors, and at the present time are kept busy; they have just entered into a contract for the erection of police barracks and goal. The amount of tender, I think, is some ing over £300, to be completed about February, 1884. I wish I could inform you of the Customs department having done some thing similar—l mean having let a contract for Customs officer who is living here. They liberally allow him a calico tent, not to be over 12ft. by 10ft. This he put up in the centre of the town, little dreaming at first in what climate he was rigging his tent. It had just been up two days, and one of our usual gales swept it towards th,e four corners of the earth. Since that time our good-natured resi- dent contented himself with the shade of a tree near the bank of the creek, And he lives, there, transacts all the Customs business, banks all their money, and some days, I am of opinion, he has about £2000 stacked around him; but I do not think he will lose it readily, as he keeps his musket ready for the blacks, and perchance a would-be meddler. I trust the person who is responsible for this careless state of affairs will put it right immediately, in case the officer has to go on patrol duty. In that case some trustworthy person would have to be trusted with the care of H. M. Customs papers. LANGLO, November 22. I AM constrained again, and this time most seriously, to call the attention of the postal authorities to the continued irregularity, and in many instances the non-delivery, of cur correspondence and papers. A good many here receive their papers through the Brisbane agency of Messrs. Gordon and Gotch—notably the Qiwenslander. In some instances it has arrived regularly and punctually, while in many cases within the last three weeks it either has not arrived at all, or in batches of two and three, post-dated, at a time. I should be veVy loth indeed to suppose that any blame could attach to so responsible an agency as that con ducted by the above firm, either through carelessness or lack of a systematic method of conducting their business, so I must fall back on a previous assumption that the mischief will be discovered in the transit from there to here. The last post town from Brisbane, and the nearest to us here, is Charleville, where our mailbag is made up and forwarded by Cobb and Co.'s conveyances; but as to the modu» operandi adopted by the before mentioned firm and their agents in the bush between those places I am not aware, but we sincerely hope that they and the Government officials on whom devolves the elucidation of such matters will bestir themselves in setting inquiries on foot, so that those who are innocent, but suspected, may be exonerated, and those, that are guilty exposed. Papers and letters are lost, and the evil is of much longer standing and of more frequent occurrence than I was aware of when I last wrote. I hope we may soon have some of our lost confidence restored to us, and that immediate and active steps may be undertaken to remove and eradicate the evil in whatever form or wherever found. CAIRNS, November 17. Nothing further has transpired to throw light upon the cause of the fire at Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co.'s store, particulars of which I sent you last week. The police magistrate has held an inquiry into the matter, but the evidence adduced only proved that no one wajs to bkune, and that however the fire was started the cause niust have been one over which nobody had any control. The debris of the store ia to be sola to-day, and rebuilding will be at onco commenced, and in the mean time the business of the firm ia being con ducted in their store attached to the wharf., In your issue of the 10th instant I notice that a correspondent at. Cairns i a culling atten tion to the opening presented in this town for a qualified chemist. Such was thocsise, but, in order that no one may be misled, I may state that Mr. Craig from your city established him self here during this week, and has opened in Abbott-street as a chemist and druggist. There is, however, an oponing for a surgeon, the committee of the hospital having decided to advertise for applications for the post of surgeon to the hospital at. a salary of £250 pf r annum. This is a good opportunity for ;a Smart good man to establish himself in a rapidly- increasing town. By to-night's mail-boat we are expecting the arrival of the Rev. E. T. Lloyd, a minister of the Primitive Methodist denomination, who is about to settle in Cairns. Mr. Lloyd lias been ministering in Cooktown, where he has made himself much liked by his congregation. A Church of England clergy man is also expected soon to take up his resi dence here, and funds have already be#m supplied by the Bishop of the diocese towards building a church. The Land Court held this week shows,a continued demand for sugar lands in this district, and some 7000 acres of conditional selections were approved. The greater part of this land has been taken up on the ltuss«.ll River, which has grown greatly into favour pf late owing to active operations having been commenced by some selectors there, and al#o by the opening of a road to Cairns. Thjs Russell will be a great sugar-producing district, for which this port will be the source fit supplies and the point of export. The pre liminary arrangements have been entered in£o for the establishment of a central mill thepre, and between 2000 and 3000 acres of land have been guaranteed to be placed under cane. Mriae Tourris, an old Mauritius planter, has a selec tion there in active process of clearing, and is bo well satisfied with the prospects of the country that he left last Saturday for Mauritius, with the anticipation of returning in a few months, accompanied by some of the planters of fchat island, drawn hither by his reports of this more favoured land. The result obtained from this season's crushing, which is roally the first in this part, has also gone far in creating the confidence which is expressed in the rapid selection of land. These results more than maintain their previous character, and latest reports from the Pioneer plantation (Hop Wfh and Co.) state that for the past four weeks me juice yielded from their cane has bee« of» a density of 14J' Beaum^, which has returtei 3f tons of sugar to the acre. The trop≤ experienced by Messrs. Swallow and Derfaira with the Chinamen employed on their planta tion has entirely blown over, and crushing;is proceeding as rapidly as ever. ', Last week I sent the revenue and exjMrt returns for Cairns. Since then the Port Douglas figures have been published, and the following comparison is interesting to tfc&e; that may have known these two ports a. ftw months since. Cairns returns for the mon^h of October: Customs revenue, £787 14s. 94.; exports, £14,258. Port Douglas for sane period: Customs revenue, £673105. Id.: exports, £6736. : * The land sale, which has been looked for ward to for some time past, is at lentfh gazetted to take place on the 11th of next month, when 179 lots, town and suburban, Wall be offered under the hammer. This Bale is got before it is really wanted, as building is gojfig forward so rapidly that suitable tatm are difficult to obtain. DAINTREE RIVER, November 1. Rather a piece of bad luck bef el Mr. J, W. Stewart a few weeks ago, as some of his kanakas had been careless enough with their pipes so that a large piece of maize took ire and was destroyed. The fire also spread to the newly-felled scrub, which had only been down some weeks, so that Mr. Stewart had to burn it all off. All with experience in scrub country know what a great deal of bother and extra labour it causes if the scrub is fired off before its proper time, unless the timber is wanted for firewood for the mill, like round Maokay and other more advanced places. But we are not fortunate enough here on the Daintrce to have as much even as a ghost of a mill, except our saw-mill, which by-the-by does not require any firewood, but plenty of water. We have lately had a couple of visits frim the niggers to two different places on the river. On the left-hand branch they suddenly made their appearance too near habitations to be pleasant, and the same on the main river, opposite to the selection Rosedale, where they fixed their camps on a grass mountain, and re mained there for more than a week. They apparently showed no inclination to trouble the selector or his household, so he left them unmolested, as he considered that they had jast as much right to camp where they were as he had on his side. Had he known that the niggers all the week they were camped opposite to him were feasting on some splendid ironbark pumpkins, which were altogether too good to feed them on, he would hardly have remained passive. This was not discovered until after the tribe had left, and with them a couple of hundred of the pumpkins; in fact, there were only three left, out of which two were rotten, and the third was not ripe yet; so that what coald have kept a good number of civilised people for a month was consumed in less than a week by a number of savages. We have had our post-office shifted since Urj last to Mr. J. Mahoney's general store, a littito further down the river from where it %aa before. It is far from being a central place* being one of the first habitations seen on. up the river. If somebody would start butcher ing on the river we should bo pretty well Off. At the present time, we get our salt beef from the Port Douglas butcher, at a price of 255\. per 1001b., to which has to. be added freight to here, so, considering the number of people living here, which constantly increases, there is a pretty fair opening for a small butchering business. Good and safe grass flats and ridges are not scarce here to run the cattle on. " November 12. It may be remembered that last wet season a selector named Richard Kiely disappeared from his selection. After his disappearance was noticed all was done by the neighbours; as well as by Mr. Inspector Carr, of the native police, and his trackers to find any tracks that could lead to the discovery of his supposed untimely end. Nothing at all was found then, to show what became of the poor man, but it was supposed that he met his death by drown ing in attempting to cross the, flooded river in an unsafe boat, as the boat was found after wards, with its bottom stove in, on the beach near the mouth of the river. A few days ago when a man was engaged in clear ing away the scrub on the river bank, on Mr. Francois de Couret's selection, just opposite to the place whero Kiely at the time was camped, he came across a chain with a rope attached, which the owner of the abovementioned boat, Mr. W. Reynolds, at once recognised as his pro perty, and belonging to the boat. The chain and rope were found carefully made fast to a tree, which shows that poor Kiely did succeed in reaching the opposite shore, as he had landed here right enough, and had time to make the boat fast; but what then became of him if he was drowned in the attempt to step out of the boat or in crossing a gully between the river bank and Mr. de Couret's house remains yet a mystery. November 14. One of our neighbours, a Mr. Watorston, sen., who has lately taken up a selection near the mouth of the river, started a few days ago from his place on horseback to go to Port Douglas. Arriving at the Mosraan River, which he had to cross, the tide was up, so that the river was swimmable. He started to cross it, but the horse refused to swim and was actually drowned under him. Mr. Water ston could not swim himself, so he had to remain on the floating carcass of the horse trying the best he could with legs and arms to paddle towards one of the banks. In his Attempt to reach the dry land he once fell into the water, the carcass rolling over him, and it was with great difficulty that he again after •ome time regained his seat. Fortunately the tide was going in at the time, and at lust, after having been two hours in his perilous position, he reached the shore safe and sound. There Is no mistake that if the tide had been running out instead of in, his rescue might have been very doubtful. We had lately a flying visit to the river 'of the Government steam launch Dingo (the steamer in attendance to the dredge Bremer), with some Port Douglas ladies ana gentlemen on board. She left after a stay of one day. TOWNSVILLE, November 19. The ice works, which had soon broken down, got to work yestorday, and recommenced sup plying the public with ice. The 8.1. steamer Nuddea arrived from Glas gow on Friday morning. She has on board a urge number of bounty immigrants for the Queensland ports, and 1050 tons of general quvo for this port, among which are two com plete sugar plants for the Lower Burdekin, one for Messrs. Drysdale Bros, and the other for Messrs. Young Bros. They have the advan tage of all the most recent improvements, and Me capable of turning out 1500 tons of sugar during the season. The Nuddea also brought ■ixty Maltese labourers for the plantations on the Lower Burdekin. The number of people in town appears to be On the increase ; every steamer which arrives brings some fresh addition to the population. On Saturday nights the streets are crowded; it in wikh difficulty that one can walk on the path. The money in circulation, however, is far short of what it should be, and retail traders complain very much. The principal trade of the place is in the hands of a few who Manage to do most of the business and have possession of the only available and best busi ness stands in the town. As in all new places business is overdone, while the facilities for buying are so great that the majority of small traders are more or less overstocked. Wool, galena ore, &c;, still continue to come forward for shipment very fast. There will be * good collection for the mail boat. Political affairs are pretty quiet here, and but very few comments are made pro or eon. The general feeling is that, whatever is done, the actual requirements of the port will not be neglected. RAVENSWOOD, November 17. A veby sad affair has occurred which has east a gloom over the town. Mr. Paige, one of our principal business men and citizens, left here on the 27th October for his station, Wollaton, on Stone's Creek, twenty-five miles distant. His intention was to muster horses for the market, which he did, exceptingone. The stockman was sent to search for theanunal, with orders not to stay out beyond noon. On his return to the hut be found it deserted—Mr. Paige and blackboy away. As everything was ready to return to town he waited their arrival. An hour afterwards the blackboy returned. He was questioned about Mr. Paige, and said he had gone up Stone's Creek. He was despatched to find him, returning at nightfall unsuccessful. The next morning the stockman •nd boy picked up the tracks, and ran them for five hours, losing them in a stony gorge of Hie range which divides Stone's Creek run from OWproy. He returned to town, spread the •lajr«i, and a large party immediately started out, receiving assistance from all the stations in the Weinity. Close and careful search was made, whfch resulted in finding his horse, looking jaded and weary, carrying the saddle, and bridle reins trailing. After a fort night's seeking the party returned un successful. Several days ago one of two dogs accompanying the missing man returned, aore- footed and very poor. The other iB atill Absent. The country where be is lost is very rough find at present dry, but he is a good busnman. Small hopes are entertained of finding him alive. An inquiry was held by the police- magistrate, but nothing definite was arrived at. The stockman seamed to consider him all right on the morning he last saw him. The inquiry was adjourned sine die. Business is very dull, but as this has been attributed to the drought its disappearance ought to usher in better times. So far no material benefit haa resulted from the railway extension; probably a change will be seen when it near* completion, It h the wish of all the business people and settled residents that a land iftle should be held as soon as convenient The absurdity of residence areas for a growing town with great possibilities is glaring. The principle wm intended as an encouragement to the fossicking element, but that pursuit has worked itself out in and near the town. Per ■iission to mine under freeholds on defined grounds is all that is now necessary. Settje meat is kept back by this Antiquated mode of land adjustment, and it should be done away with. The mining association is moribund, if we are to believe an advertisement in the Ust issue of the local journal It seemingly has done its work, and v now out ot joint with the times; and the business of tfae meeting, " whether it be buried or born again," explains itself, and shows that it is necessary to k^ep pace with the times. Action was taken at the last meeting of the School of Arta committee to secure the erec tion of a new hall, and it takes this form: That a fund (£600) be raised by debentures of £10 each, bearing interest not exceeding 10 per cent Nothing has been decided as to the term, or whether they are to be paid off at will. One suggestion was that land and buildings be sold and the proceeds, supple mented by Government grant, be expended in erecting new buildings on the north side of the creek, which will be the central portion of the town later on. The local paper points out that it cannot be Bold, being a reserve. If this be bo, where lies the security for the debentures ? You cannot borrow on what you do not own. So that in either case it looks as if an Act of Parliament will be necessary. Captain Prout, the manager of several mining properties in the district, and the re presontative of a number of Adelaide capitalists, left a fortnight ago for that place, taking with him a magnificent collection of metals and minerals from this field. He feels certain that it must bring a large amount of capital into the field. NERANG, November 26. At the Tweed Heads seven Chinamen came to the riverside looking to cross from Queens land, but the Custom-house officers interviewed them, demanding £10 per head before admit ting them to New South Wales, and the money not being ready they were detained till orders arrive from Sydney what to do with them. About a dozen young men recently from England passed over last week, saying they would go as far as Sydney for better wages than they had been offered. The divisional board has done good work southward, but there is the big hill close to Nerang, a heavy trial to Cobb's coach, and £10 would make a great easing off to the horses —so great that it would pay the company to do it themselves. A great gathering responded to a tea meeting at the church, which narrowly escaped the bush fire, and stands in a small space of unburnt grass. The meeting was on Tuesday, and 200 persons sat down to tea and ex changed greetings. There were speeches and anthems and chatting. The Rev. I. Harding spoke on the value of Church ordinances to a community, and the Rev. Mr. Douglas on love, courtship, purity, and mar riage in relation to tea meetings, or tea meet ings as promoters of these. Timber merchants from town have visited us seeking timber, but we are rather disposed to cut up the logs ourselves, and two mills will soon be at work at Tallebudgera, where Mr. Layer is enlarging his accommodation house, intending to apply for a license to meet the thirsty demands of the increasing popula tion; but when the railway is extended to Southport we shall have many additional mills and shall send plenty of stuff for the extension of South Brisbane into respectable rivalry with the northern side of the city, for we hare plenty of hardwood all along the line on the west side for many miles. 