FHVSIOAX GHOSTS, | Mr EDWARD GlTHíEY anrl Mr Frederick Myers (snyB writer in Ti nth) have published un article in Um ibrt nightly, in which they giro the results ol tho Society for Psychical Research. They muy regard them as satisfactorily proving that " thought trans- ference," as they term lt, is " solidly established." ; I do not. Here uro soma of thoir facts :- ? J. G. Kenlomans, of ", Mountford-terrnco Barns bury-square, testifies that in January, ISSI, whon in Paris, ho saw a " brightnpnquo mass." In thn centre was a vision of his son Isadora, mid tho mouth of the vision smiled. He said to himself, " Thank God, little Is idore is happy, as always !" Thc child had died at the exact time of the apparition. Mr Kenluinans also, one night in his sleep, saw ti wickoi husket full of eggs-one dirty, two yellowish. On going to his breakfast he found some eggs-one was dirty ami two wore yellowish. ; , . ? 1 ' Miss Somerlioll duposcs that she had a grand muther. Her mother was once awakened by a knock- ing at the duor-soon " grandmamma " stood in Court dress before hor and frowned. " Grandmamma," It ! was discovered, had been that evening toaCourt ball, had returned home, and died at tho rory moment she stood frowning. The Reverend W. S, Grignon informs the world that his mother told him that she had onco, as upper nurso in our family, a woman called Duchoux. This Mr« Duuhnux once saw a female figure In a night- dress standing in her room. ' She recognised nu aunt, and she sub.-equontly learnt that this very nunt lind died about thc tiltia that this ghost paid tho visit to her neico. Miss Hunter avers that in 1HM2 she was stooping lu n room with her sister. Shu lovod her grand- mother, and this uged relative's ghost stood before hor and smiled. -Sho awoke her sister, who sow nothing, but tho next day Miss Hunter found that har grandmother had died during this eventful night. Thero are a good many othor onsos, but theso aro vory fair samples of thom. On their evidence, wo aro asked tn believe that disembodied grandmothers, upper nurses, audohildreu are in the hublt of appear- ing to their relatives after deuth, or as the repre- sentatives of the Society for Physical Uusearoh prefer to call itt " apparent death," and trat yellow or dirty ogg», whioh aro served at breakfast, previously flit before .tho oyes of those who aro doomed to eat thom. In throe days there is a " Society ". for evorytlilng, hut I doubt if any ene ever was, or over will be, formed to give to tho publia such utter trash as Mossrs.. Gurnoy and Myers, in thu naino of tho Hooiuty of .Psychical Roscaron, gravely print. 'yi :' THK OiiorTiäiiä' COMMISSION-Lord: dopier pro shied nt two meetings of the Crofters' Commission on Saturday/iii'tbe wost mainland of Orkney, 'Evidence was given hs to the system of small proprietors In the district, nearly every household1 in onu pnrish tieing thu owner of a farm ranging in value from £ü to ûïïo annually. Peter Smith, one of this class of proprie- tors, stuted that this state of things had.oxlsted from timo immemorial, and that tho peoplu .woro well olF and comfortable. There was only ono pauper Mid j ono lnnatio ina populution of 700/ Thora was no I i grleynnoó wot th speaking of. Tho holdings goner-'I 1 idly'descended to tho eldest son, tho younger uicmV burs of thu family going out to work or emigrating. ! When n farm oame into the market thoro was koon competition, mid one worth n rent of £10 would soil for over il.wXI. Some holdings hud sold ns high ns 110 years purchase. Many of tho natives of tho island who had emigrated and mado manny roturnod »nd purchased farms which oame into tho market.- Time*. ; TUBTK-rriKB IN DlPHTitKki.il-A. Gorman ;! npo- j thocary, R. Muuoh (Kronen Apothoko in lioipsle-* Sohlis), who enjoys a great reputation for .vernoity',: and reliability amongst thoso who know hinit'roobm-',* monds in X ., ÍÍ7 of the Pharm Oentr." Ansolgor." as ; a liow romcily In diphtheria, and'tho olfoot of willoh ' ho had noticed on his own' Boven-yoor-olit, daughter,:i oleum tori'liinthlnaj roctlllontuin.' i UhHdrcn> tnku.oue, I teaspoonful morning and night'! adults, a tablespoon-1 ful. In'children tepid,milk i^glvóíi nftor'lt'i'It' might also honilxadwitltthasanio.'Thu.cltcatotthis, roniudy, which has'of lato'boon"highly pruisoil by I dllfOrontrnutliAnv'is'Pnid to- hoTo.llly"n-mirnonlons ono. Wtthlmilinlf-an-hour ?lutter, i.thoj..adminis- tration of tho drug, n bright redness begin« ti) spread flinn'the iuhrgiilibf tho dlpthorltlaiexudation,jiiid thus redneö'. uoeomus' generally dilTusMv{ovur arid tuk|iig,¡ üie ri>liioo.of !t|io falsa, uioinbrami,'{and;'tho' dlsnuso.ls.' sjitil ,fó disappear'within .'¿'wúñty-four hours, without' leaving Oú, Bllghtcst ^QAME* Whllii this wonderful effect 'ls* snlcvto' lío 'invariably mot with whun the remedy is ninda uso, of nt. tho vary, oom mónbófnéñ'tofthc disenso, thosa who recommend lt so highly contend that it is nlso Hucocssfnt. Only. los*,1 rapidly,, iii'"ohsa) that' havo already progressed fdr; several tloys^Plillúd. Moil.'nrid Surg. Reporter.",'''.' iVÁ" B,ÍNVI¡ÍÍ.AÍI DÍIBÁM,-A' young'"láiÍy living1 'lit. Ilostnu drcuiuèd that un undertaker, drúvbjip to tho i|bor,of her rosidoiico, alighted ¡fronj tlic (licni'so, nun), ra'nïj thu, boll," , Ho asked to^sào^tliii young lady. In q'liostion, uiid on hur nppoarliig .ut'thu' door tlio,un (lortiikor asked " Aro, you ull^ready T ' It wiis' ra-' pantod on two stioaosslve nights, und preyed (U]iou her mind so that her health booamo!nlloot¿d;,,' By7Uie lidvlcu of her physician sho inndn a oliuhgq of scone.; mid,want to visit friends in a .Western city. ' . Short/y, after her arrival thole sho( ;wput',td¡ .oall^onj ;BÓIIIO^ fríbiiuV living in lin apartment house,'and "6n arriv(-,' lng at thbhouso sha ontdrcd.thdiólovató^'É^go to^iio' of itho,, upper j Doors, whoro hot- frlóuiis'^uiiáítnioiitá' woi'o .tobatfid'-' dust bbforo tho, ^oyatoiviiUii'tud, the. lunn in charge of it turned' to her; niid askúd. " Aró yoit>till,rondy .'" ;Shu looked at tliQ,uiun, anil.nt oiica recognised ' the fiico or tho undbrtakeri Slio íiiíd scon lu.Jior.dreniu.' Startled hy..this ruuio'mb'ruucb; she' asked .tn'uo.lot ont of tho elevator uofoio lt lind started, ami alter It had .ono up a short dlstaitoo |t fell, anil kiilod tho mun whoso face lind stnrtlod'liór,' and who .was tho .only pnssonger iitthb Uinol ¡" J, ,i ISugltsh (cricketers cnn still «corp (amongst thom salvo*).,-. Recently, nt Thornbury, in Monmouthshire, playing -for Thornbury .against Newport, Dr. ,13, M. Uraco nindi; 207 (not nul). Mr. Ormiston 110, und Dr. W, Ornoo 1.11 (not oat). Total fortiyo wlukuts. A| I. Tho Bishop of Miinohosta'r aunteiniilntos resigning his soe. ' Dr. Fraser luis accomplished ii truly marvel- lous afnotnitnf work'dtirlng the Inst 111 years, lind hu is beginning to loni tho nlfcots of lt.' ; OMnto.''more- over, tho diocese hoi buen inuoli moro troublosOmo.to work than Of old. . . ? ??..I ..!> un:- .". -??Hospcotlng a anmiiinrclal union for tho outouie*, ii Landon cablegram to tho .,|i/n,diitod'Atiguat27.states , that» Mr K. 'Aslimeiid-Unrtlett.' thu moniher ? for-Eye, : jins iletorminod to taku tho opinion of tho House of Commons In rogard to a suggostliin' recently mada by tho ,st.-in htrtl. t<) tho olfoot that. In ¡ilaeo of fodcra tiiur.'tliu colonies should adopt a anmiuut-uinl'union similar to tho H.-rmnn Hollvuroln, Holms accord ingl.v given nntluo nf lils intention tn movo that It is desirable to establish a uummorelal union in the colo- nies ii* ii protimlimry" stop to thu ultimata federation of tlie'Eiiiplro. ' i ' ' Curions if tniii : "Willi regard tn the sahl bf the Uuelioss nf Tec's's furniture and china,,I nm tn).I" (write" 7'i'i/i.i) "that a lew year* aga thu"greater part of thu Duc'ii'ji of K'llnhurgh'n trnussoiln wu« sold hy miotuiu tu Loudon us ' tho iiroporty or h Indy of rank.' Hor frnghl husbund thought it would ha ns wull to convert tho bulk of tho oollootion into money, and many of tho gnrrncnts woro oxposoil and Bold whllo still marked with hor monogram nnd coronot." Tito following Btrnngo ndvbrtlsaniant npponrod re- cently in the Ncwoastlo ÏMlg Cltrimlole, a north of England papar:-"Horseflesh,r (pickled) wanted. Stntoby lotter, quantity and lowest prloo.por hun- dred wotghtor ton, to Box," ka, Tho supply of dead cats must havo gira-i out iu Newcastle ;, or,, porhaps nomo enteri>ris[iig north countryman is doing a trado in potted moats. .,. ' , ._. W^liat ls allegad td ba a ptooodf tho truooroBslins como to light nt Mtiers in an old chest; - It was sent to a saint in tho second half of tho sixtli century by tho Emperor Justin from Constantinople It is mounted ingold on enamel of exquisito Byzantine mhnufnaturo, and exaltes great interest. It disappeared during tho revolution of 1783. . " General" Booth, addressing his followors at Han loy" roddntly, said tho Salvation Army was still marching on, and tn 20 years, if tho rata of progress of tho last six years was continued, thoro would ba 1,230,000 ofllcors and l!50,O0U.0HO soldiers. . ? ? \- 'Over one million people1 in Franoo llvo in houses that have no windows. . ,'-<? ' ? airs Langtry Is to get £¡¡00 a week daring her Aus- tralian engagement.,r ; .-j Lord Baconsflcld onco Bald that,ho could havo no quacrol with Christianity, for ono-half of tho Chris- tian worshipped a man, and tho othor half a'woman of lils race.. '.. ,";"."","?(!:;,>"''-';'* Tho revised edition of tho ,01d Tostamont will bo published next year,. . ' ''/'.|jA"'""* " "" '" ' ' " ; 