THE ENCAMPMENT AT QUEENS CLIFE. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) 24th March. Xlio \ oluntoor encampment was com menced in earnest on Thursday, 22nd inst., and the crowds of gaily uniformed men caused unusual activity in the neigh borhood of Queenscliff. The seaside borough is now rendered additionally attractive, and thousands of visitors are expected to arrive by the steamers to morrow (Sunday) and on Easter Monday from Molbourno. It is the first timo that Queenscliff has been made thesceno of an encampment for the volunteers of the whole colony, and probably the object of the military authorities is to givo the defenders of tho colony an idea of tho defences at the Heads. In all other respects tho gathering of warriors and war-horses at the Cliff may bo looked upon as a first-class picnic on a large scale. Tho encampment is divided into two camps, the main one where the head quarters of Colonel Hutton, tho com mandant, are situated, is about two miles and a quarter from the bat tery on No. 2 camp. Both are, to a certain extent, connected .by means of telephonic communication, but tho battery camp is fully a quarter of a mile from tho telegraph office, whilst the telephone office at the head-quarters is within 50yds of Col. Hutton's tent. The officers in charge at the main camp are as follow:—Col. Le Marchand, Capt. Nichol son, and Lieuts. Hamilton and Otter, of the Victorian Permanent Artillery ; Ma jors Sargood and King, of tho first bri gade field artillery ; Major Aitken, of the Mount Alexander Rifles ; Major Sleep, of the Ballarat Rangers ; Major Ereeman, of the 1st Metropolitan Rifles ; Major Templeton, of the 2nd Metropolitan Rifles ; Major Shakespeare, of tho En gineer Oorps. The main camp lies to the right of tho railway lino from Geelong to QueensclifT, and is scarcely half a mile from the siding which was made thore for tho purposo of landing stores and men. It lies on a flat piece of sandy soil, the property being rented from Mr Curlewis, but on cither sido there aro sloping hills covered with ferns, and riddled with rab bit burrows. The camp is admirably laid out in lines, and presents a formid able tent township. It consists of 2G3 tents, tho cavalry occupying a front posi tion, overlooking tho railway line, or en trance from tile Geelong road. The Vic torian Artillery follow, and the next in order aro tho Field Artillery, Mount Alexander Rifles, Ballarat Rangers, 2nd Metropolitan Rifles, 1st Metro politan Rifles, and tho Engineer Oorps. Tho officers' quarters faco towards Queens clifT, tho view being intercepted by tho canteens and cooking places. Tho main camp is about lialf-a-mile from Point Lonsdale, and it commands a view of tho Great Salt Lake. Tho second brigade Volunteer Garrison Artillery consists of tho Torpedo Corps, situated to tho left of tho camp, and faces tho sea, which is about 150yds distant, tho Williamstown Artillery, Geelong Artillery, Drysdale Artillery, Western District (Portland and Warrnambool) Artillery, and tho Emerald Hill Artillery. The whole aro under the command of Col. Mair. Major Rash Ieigh commands tho brigade, and Major Sence is tho Brigade-major ; tho other officers being Major Learmouth (Wes tern District), _ Major Doucli (Wil liamstown), Major Trangmar (Port hind), Capt. Hall (Drysdale), and Capt. Twycross (Emerald Hill). The garrison artillery camp consists of 87 oblong tents, lying four deep. Tho field officers' quarters are to the the front, the regimental officers, on tho right and left flank, tho .head-quarters being in the centre, commanding'a full view of the wliolo. Tho main guard is stationed at tho entrance to the camp, which lies between the botanicnl gardens and tlio ocean, and tlicro are.rear and flank guards. It may be mentioned that the torpedo corps are exercised at Swan lBland by Major Eilery, and tho men have to bo convoyed to tho island by a steam launch and several small sailing craft. Up to six o'clock this even ing there were 1617 men in tho two camps, tho numbers being made up as follows :— ■S -a Corps, etc. .1 1 cS 5 S3 General Staff 4 20 _ District Staff and unattached S — ? Permanent Artillery 4 4 84 Regimental Staff 5 1 — Cavalbt. Metropolitan Troop 4 1 13 Kyneton do 2 1 13 Sandhurst do 3 4 28 Ballarat do 3 1 17 Southern do 3 3 1G Castlemaino do 3 2 33 Field Artillebt. East Melbourne Corps S 11 55 St. Kilda do -1 12 01 Metropolitan do 2 S 53 Gabuison Artillery; Williamstown Corps 5 8 71 Geelong do 4 3 39 Western Corps—Portland Det. ... 2 4 12 Do do Belfast do — — — Do do Warrn'mb'l do 1 3 23 South Grant C'rps—Queenscliff Dot. 1 2 7 Do do do Drysdale do ... 1 2 9 Emerald Hill Corps 2 G9 Engineer Corps 7 5 78 Torpedo and Signal Corps 5 8 51 RIFLES. 1st Metropolitan Battalion— Metropolitan Corps 5 4 4G Carlton do j 0 07 2nd Metropolitan Battalion— Collingwood Corps 3 3 37 E. Coliingwood do 2 4 51 Richmond do 2 52 Southern do 4 1 89 Ballarat Battalion— 1st Ballarat Corps 3 9 80 2nd Ballarat do Croswick Det. ... 1 0 28 Do do do —Chines do ... — 4 18 Mt. Alexander Battalion— Bendigo Corps 4 2 50 1st C'stlem'ne do 4 1 57 2nd do do Maldon Det. ... 3 1 11 Do do do Kyneton do ... — 2 13 Do do do Malmsbury do ... 2 3 18 There aro 245 horses in tho camp, being apportioned as follows :—General stattj 4 ; district staff, 5 ; regimental staff, G. Cavalry : Metropolitan, 18 ; Kyneton,10; Sandhurst, 35 ; Ballarat, 21 ; Southern, 22 ; Castlemaino, 38. Field Artillery : East Melbourne, 20 ; St. Kilda, 22 ; Me tropolitan, 27. Garrison Artillery : Williamstown, 1 ; Engineer Corps, 1. Rifles : Metropolitan, 2 ; Carlton, 1; Richmond, 1; Ballarat, 1 ; Bondigo, 1 ; and 1st Cistlemaine, 1. It was fully ex- i pected that the trains from Melbourne and other places to-night would augment the forces at Point Lonsdalo and Queens- J cliff by about 100 men who couid not 1 leave their business in time to muster at tho camps to-day, so that on Easter Mon day, when tho much-looked-forsham fight takes place, there ought to bo a great array of men and horses. Tho medical officers at tho main camp aro Drs. Gillbeo and J. P. Ryan, the hospital being under tho charge of Sergeant-Major Llewellyn, whilst Dr. D. B. lteid, of Geolong, with his assistant, aro stationed at tho Gar rison Artillery Camp. Up to tho present time the weather for tho camp lias proved decidedly pleasant for everyone, and feather-bed soldiers could not in tho I slightest degree find fault with it. There were a few complaints of sick ness among tho men but they arose from attacks of diarrhoea, attributable no doubt to tho chango in tho drinking water. It may bo stated that tho camps are supplied with water j obtained from Geelong, and the medical men pronounced the fluid to boof excellent quality. Every attention has been paid to tho provisioning of the men. So far as an experience of the hardships of | war are concerned tho encampment does not furnish cither tho officers or men with any of it. Tho men I liavo plenty of straw to lio,upon, and their tents aro in every way snug, whilst plenty of blankets havo been provided. The officers havo not omitted to mako themselves comfortable ; their tents aro carpeted, and tho majority of them rc poso at night on mattrasses resting on | iron camp bedsteads. Under these cir cumstances they cannot bo said to bo 1 tasting tho hardships of war, but rather tho luxuries of a peaceful camp life. In the locality chosen for tho main camp there were found, on Friday, eight I snakes, and tho reptiles wore speedily disposed of ; the volunteers may thus truly claim to havo very disagrceablo onemies within their own camp lines. On Friday and to-day tho men in both camps were freely exercised in their various drills. The cavalry made an imposing appearanco in marching past, but the riders did not seem to have suffi- | cient control over their steeds when ordered to go through sundry movements which it will bo ne.cessary to execute on Easter Monday, when defending their army from tho attacks of tho enemy. Tho artillerymen had some fatiguing work | on an excellent paddock beyond the camp lines, ^where tho rod-coated riflemen were also exercised. Tho Ballarat Rangers wero put through a variety of drill exor ciso among the scrub lands to the right of | the main body, and their charge down tho hill towards tho engineer's camp this morning was well worth seeing. Tho ima ginary enemy was no doubt put to flight, judging from the hearty hurrahs which | rent the air. This afternoon the field artillery executed somo difficult work, and indulged in a little firing of blank | ammunition. The garrison artillery, after being drilled at tho guns, also made I things lively at tho batteries .by firing blank ammunition from the 40-poundor | siege, 80-pounder Armstrong, and 6S pounder guns. These preliminaries wero I quite sufficient to attract tho attention of visitors, of whom there was largo number. I must not omit to state that on the afternoon of Good Friday a church parade was held in the camp of the garrison artillery. The Rev. H. J. Wilkinson conducted tho service, tho lesson read being from tho 13th chap, of Isaiah, and tho text, on which a short, impressive, and eloquent sermon was delivered, was founded on tho 30th verse of the 19th chap. St. John, "When Jesus therefore had received tho vinegar Ho said—' It is finished:' and Ho bowed His head and gavo up tho ghost." On Thursday and Friday ovoning3 the | volunteers fairly swarmed into tho town ship of Queenscliff, and many of those who wero not soberly inclined got tho I main camp in an uproar several times during Friday night. The guard had to be turned out and a number of arrests wero made. One of the volunteers, who had been overcome by the heat of the day, and sundry visits to a neighboring can teen, was found asleep at his post as sentinel, and, of course, came in for a | considerable share of his comrades' chaff, in addition to light military punishment. Tho Superintendent of Police (Mr Kabat) has all arrangements made for keeping order on the ground. The main camp is protected by four first constables, under Sergeant Moore, and two mounted constables, whilst tho battery camp is proVided with two foot constables, under Constable Davidson, and ono mounted trooper. So far, their services havo not been required. Queenscliff, 25th March. To-day, being Easter Sunday, was observed in the camps with all the solemnities due to the day. Tho men at tho main and battery camps attended divine service at 10.30 a.m., at a point on the Geelong road between the two camps. The service was conducted by tho Rev. Plow Kane, M.A. The volunteers _ who are members of tho Roman Catholic do nomination wero allowed to attend Mass at Qiicenscliff at 8.30 a.m. Tho 1st and 2ud Metropolitan, Ballarat, and Mouut Alexander battalions paraded at 2.3Q p.m. for trooping colors, and lialf-an-hour later tlio troops at the main camp paraded and marched out with the Garrison Artillery. At half-past 7 o'clock in the evening the Rev. Flow Kane.delivered an address to tho troops on the parade ground, r Arrangements have been made for the conveyance of visitors from Mel bourne by a special train on Easter Monday, leaving the metropolis at 8 a.m. Tho ordinary train to the 'Cliff will leave Geelong at 8.30 a.m., instead of tho usual time, and special trains will leave Geelong as follows during the day : —9.30 a.m., 9.50 a.m., 11 a.m., 11.45 a.m., 1.45 p.m., 5.10 p.m., and C.40 p.m. The trains from the 'Cliff will leave at 7.5 a.m, 9.45 a.m., 12 noon, 4 p.m., 5.10 p.m., 5.20 p.m., 5.30 p.m., and G.50p.m. There are a large number of public con veyances at the 'Cliff, which will convey visitors to the two camps, the fares being very moderate. 