Light and Shade. BY ENDYMION. OUR great men are not always great. Who ever said that they were? The wisest of mortals are not always wise, neither are the most angelic men always angelic. The gods laugh sometimes, and sometimes tney—swear, w nen thoy swear the thunder is deafening. Sometimes they are in a merry mood, with a mixture of mischief. Then v the time to look out for squalls. This is merely introductory, leading up to a strange revelation I have to make. The gods, as everyone knows, have been in conference lately in Sydney. They have met at the instance of Mer cury to define his present position in the hierarchy. Mercury henceforth is to carry messages at uniform rates for all the gods, and even now he is a far more powerful god than he was in the old times when he wielded his caduceus. But, though everyone knows that these same gods have been in con ference, very few know what a row there has been. The Press was not invited to attend the meetings, and so the Press growls and says nothing, or as little as it can. But things will leak out, and a Little has leaked out lam not quite sure what god was personated by our own angelic Morehead, but Morehead waa there, and Morehead was not in love with the modern Mercury who was represented by Graham Berry. It is gravely asserted that Morehead kicked Mercury's shins under the council table. Mercury protested, and said it wasn't fair, but Morehead smiled and said it wasn't hira. So Mercury grinned and looked as pleasant as he could, but he nursed his wrath, and waited till the council was over. Then, when all the gods— without their goddesses, I grieve to say—were assembled round the festive board of John Hay, up rose Mercury the messenger. He was radiant with his triumphs. Eloquent as ever, he dilated on the glorious conquests of science in these days. To his dying day, if he ever died, he would remember the Sydney Con ference, but to his dying day he would remem ber B. D. Morehead, who kicked his shins under the table, and by the hair of his head and the wings of his feet he would have his revenge. I wonder how Morehead feels. I am told that he has bought a black thorn on purpose, and that after he has met Mr. Mercury he is going to visit the editor of the Argus. That editor man calls him the bite noir of the Council, and Morehead intends to find out what he means. At present I under stand that he regards it as rather a distinc tion to be christened " Berry's bite noir.'" Comes to us from Victoria a curious tale of corruption in the shire council of Yarra wonga. A secretary to the council was required, and a secretary was elected, but by a strange chance it came to be known that the president of the council, one Sloss, had re ceived £5 for attendance at the election of this officer. Some letter got astray, it seems, in which the mode of action was explained. " Tom and 1 worked Sloss properly, and he went straight." So said the damnatory letter which got into wrong hands. The explanation was that it was for expenses of attendance. Mr. Sloss, in defence, says that he charged only for his bare expenses of attendance ; " not even a whisky over. If that was bribery, then payment of members was bribery." This requires think ing out. Sloss merely raises herein a great question. Let us be just to him before we mete out condemnation. His presence is required at an election. He has a pressing en gagement elsewhere. Surely no one would expect him to lose by his vote. The loss en tailed iB made up to him. Is it not a legitimate transaction? He is out of pocket, as the lawyers say, by not kesping that appointment elsewhere. Then Tom and his friend appear on the scene. They " work " Sloss, and he goes "straight." Poor Sloss! Think of what would have happened to him if he had gone crooked. E.tpenses to pay and whiskies. Who would be a president of a shire council on such terms? And then, after all, to be called upon to resign because he insisted on going straight, and ac cepting his payment just as other members did in another place! Ah, Sloss, this is a cruel world, is it not ? No wonder that you and Tom and the rest of them are indignant, and refuse to resign when you are called upon to do so. No, Sloss, be a man; having taken your tip for expenses or whatever you may like to call them, stick *o your expenses, evcu though you did not get a single whisky out of them, and don't resign. Take your payment, my man, liko a member of Parliament, but don't resign. Let them kick you out, Sloss—as I trust they will— and then you will be saved from further tempta tion. It is a sad thing to think how the most virtuous of men are sometimes the most cruelly misunderstood. A friend in the Never-Never sends a few back-block yarns, for which he has my best thanks. They will serve as a foil to the neces sarily dull records of important State events, such a* the annexation of the Liberal squatter by Griffith and the Transcontinental syndi cates of our worthy Premier. The bunyip has ever been the friendly rival of the endless snake and the big watermelon in the good books of Australian journalists, and long after the last snake has been scotched, and the very latest watermelon has been nipped in the bud by the inspector of weights and measures, tho bunyip will still frisk in shady pools beneath the mossy bank, and continue to Bend thrills of delight through every nerve of the hungry pressman, wearily searching for " items." There have been endless descrip tions and stories of this wonderful animal, but I havo seldom heard such a talc of horror as that reported on the authority of a blackfellow. He and a mate were crossing the Lower Wil lurray in a log canoe, when up popped a bunyip, and with a playful whisk of his tail hoisted canoe and darkies clean out of the water. One of the pigs, swam ashore, the other disappeared—" Bunyip eat that fellow, baal gammon 1" Asked to describe the crea ture, he said it was "Big like it bullock, head like it yarraraan; plenty grass (hair), and tail like it fish." This is not alto gether a scientific description, but it is vivid, and was much more so as it was first told by tho blackfcllow, who, like Archibald Forbes, had the advantage of having seen it himself. At tbe risk of throwing discredit on many good stories, it must be told what hap pened to ono of the first squatters on the Lower Darling, a son of an M.R.C.S. He was a true believer in the bunyip. During a dry season a lake on his run, in which the blacks said they had seen a bunyip, became dry, or nearly so. He immediately set men to work to search for bones—and, to his great delight, was successful in obtaining a good many. His knowledge of comparative anatomy enabled him to declare that they were new to science, and he had his treasures carefully packed, and dispatched them, vid Adelaide, to the curator of the Sydney museum. He also wrote stating that if there was any difficulty in " fixing" the skeletal remains he would be very happy to defray all expenses of forwarding thera to Professor Owen, of London. In due course he received a most courteously-worded reply, con taining the thanks of the trustees for the trouble he had taken, and stating that, after a most careful examination, the whole of tho bones were found to be those of a full-grown bull calf! A piteous tale comes to me from India, which I will relate in order that my numerous readers may take warning thereby. Of course, a woman is at the bottom of it) so, bachelors, unsnared as yet, priok up your ears and attend. A certain parson in England (whose name, for obvious reasons, I withhold), of an ardent temperament, yet shy withal, was very much smitten with a young lady, who also shall be nameless. He had met her at one or two tea-meetings, and indulged in a kind of half-hearted flirtation; but his bashful ness prevented him coming to the point. At this interesting stage of the pro ceedings he suddenly had to leave for India as a missionary. Before starting he sought his lady fair, sighed a few sighs, mentioned that it was a fine day, &c;, with a few other remarks of a like exhilarating nature, and finally—de parted like the decayed cork of a gingerbeer bottle, without the ghost of a pop! Now, after he had sojourned a few months in India he thought that a wife was more or less indispensible to him, so he summoned up courage to do by letter from a distance what he dared not do at home. In short, he wrote to the beautiful Miss Whats ername in England, mentioned tho peculiari ties of his case, and asked her to be his. The object of his affections resided with her elderly maiden aunt of the same name, to whom of course the letter came. The aunt positively howled with delight, and started for India by the very next boat. The blushing parson (ad vised by cablegram) came to meet his adored, and when too late discovered his mistake. He fainted—it was of no use; he fled—she followed intent on matrimony. She brandished his letter and threatened breach of promise and all the terrors of the law, and to make a long story short, he mar — I mean, she married him, and was frequently taken for his mother. The moral of this is obvious. I may mention .that the facts of this tale are true, and the wretched victim is still living "to witness if I lie." As a " shocking example" of the danger of promiscuous punning, I have been induced to give publicity to the contents of a paper lately handed me by one whose general appearance gave no indication of indulgence in the fatal habit, but who will never again be permitted to damage the Queen's English in this atrocious way:—"He was a new chum; at least he had not been in the colony more than a few months. He was also a naturalist: likewise a bit of a natural. He is fond of collecting specimens of natural history, and for this purpose often spends an afternoon in wandering over the hills between Boggo and the Four- mile Swamp, on the south side. When out collecting he takes a net in one hand and a small bag con taining a flask in the other. These arc his nett belongings on such occasions, and, of course, he must be longing to net something. He generally follows the objects of his pursuit open-mouthed. This is probably an advantage, for he often secures in his mouth specimens overlooked by his net. He had been tramping all the afternoon one day last week without getting anything nioro important than a couplo of butterflies and a beetle. Somewhat tired, he sat down upon a little hillock. He had rested only a few minutes when he suddenly started up as if he had been shot. Greenhorn that he was, he had carefully deposited him self upon a nest of jumpers. They at first resented the intrusion, but afterwards be came attached to him. He also became attached to them; one of them, in fact —a veritable jumper. Their attachment was no joke, but a very stern reality. He had destroyed their tort; thoy were destroying his corn-fort. They excelled in this—it was their forte. He leaped into the air, and came down upon that portion of his anatomy upon which most of thera were lodged. This argument, though weighty, was considered by the jumpers quite il-lodge-ical, and they refused to quit. He rent his clothes to facili tate their departure; they declined to accept such quit-rent. Iv fact, the ants simply laughed at his ant-ics. The pain caused by their stings was excruciating, and he howled like a full-blown choir. A woodman who was passing the spot heard the yells, and came to iuchoir what was the matter. He found the new chum rolling on the nest; in half-a-dozen seconds he had removed his clothing, and pulled off no leas than flfty-Beven jumpers, each of which was wrestling Cornish fashion with his unfortunate victim. After consuming a couple of gills of the contents of his flask, he recovered somewhat, and walked slowly and sadly home. He has since expressed himself to the effect that, when again out collecting, he will be very careful as to where he sits down." The unhappy wretch who sent rac the above will not require to use the sitting posture for some little time. He has been treated ac« cording to Signor Rotura's method of sus pending animal life, as published in the Queens lander three or four years ago, and which at the time created a great deal of interest in English and American scientific circles. He now stands in one corner of the chilling-room belonging to the meat-freezing company, next door but one to this office, and is surrounded : by a layer of ice that is not less than Gin. thick in any part. On the last day of the present century he will be subjected to the signor's process for restoring animation. If it fails, no one can possibly regret the loss of such a roan ; while, if it succeeds, he will simply be returned to the apartment, and tho process will bo again tried on the last day of the following century. 