POLICE COURTS. ADELAIDE : FRIDAY, APRIL 13. {Before Messrs. S.Beridome, P.M., IV. Haines, M.P. and B. Boss, J.P.) I Howies Pattuton was charged, on the information | of Thomas Hodgson, with stealing one overcoat, 1 value 65s., from the Black Bull Hotel, Hindley street, on April 11. Evidence was given as to de* , fendant entering the hotel, and leaving with the coat. Joseph Prior, dealer, stated that defendant sold the overcoat to him for 10s. on the same day, stating that he was a lawyer, and wished to get down to the Port. Defendant elected to be tried summarily, and made a statement to the effect that he had no recollection of the circumstances, and bad been drinking so heavily that be had no memory on the subject, though he thought that he was somewhere else at the time alleged. He was a barrister, with full qualifications, end was suffering from a terrible skin disease, which rendered his life a burden He was known to many people in this town, but felt it would be hopeless for him to meet the charges, os he liad nolwitness to contend against it; and as lie bad already suffered the mortification, disgrace, and pain of two nights in the cell he thought the wiser course wonld be to ask Ifis Worship's leave to uiakc this statement, lie could give references to several influential gentlemen to satisfy His Worship and could also produce certificates if he could obtain a short remand. He was anxious to get home to England, as his father and daughter were dying, ana he asked His Worship to deal with it as a first olfeuce. Mr. Beddome stated that he could see nothing for the defence, and should order imprison ment with hard labour for six months. Defendant —" I would ask Your Wrrship to make it three months." Mr. Beddome—"It is a very lenient sentence. The sentence from the Supreme Court wonld most likely be for three years." Pattison was then charged, on the information of Charle9 Ferrors, landlord of the Norfolk Arms, Bundle-street, with stealing a bronze ornament value 30s., on April 11. Evidence was givon that a bronze horse was taken by defendant and sold to Prior for 7s. Od. at the same time as the overcoat. Defendant chose to be tried at once, anil was sen tenced to Bix months' imprisonment with hard labour. Pattison was then charged, on the information or"1 Thomas Sullivan, with stealing one coat value IBs., one cigarholder value 10s., and one collar value 6d., informant's property, from the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel on April 11. Informant, who was barman m the hotel, stated that defendant was drinking in one of the rooms, and sent him out to get some English beer. When be returned defendant was §onc, and the articles named were missing. Defen ant, when asked bow he would be tried, enquired it his whole imprisonment would be six months. His Worship—" Six months concurrent." Defen dant was then sentenced to six months' imprison ment with hard labour. Adelaide : Monday, April 1C. [Before Messrs. S. Beddomo, P.M., J. Bees, P. Santo, and B. K. Lucy, J.P.'e.] Walter Thorn was charged, on the information of John Bradley, with stealing from him one sword bayonet, value 30s., the nroperty of Her Majesty's Government, at Adelaide on April 14. Informant stated that he was a volunteer in the B Battery of Artillery, and was going home from parade when he was stuck up by defendant and two other men. Defendant took bis bayonet from the scabbard, and handed it to one of the other men, who went off with it. Have not seen the bayonet since. By defendant—Was not gesticulating with the bayonet, or showing defendant how the rifle worked. Did not say "I am a Tipperary soldier, and if I had been in the Zulu war I would have done some execution." (Laughter.) Had had some beer, but was sober at the time. Laurence McGratb, fourteen years of age, stated that on last Saturday evening he saw prosecutor 1 near the Shamrock Hotel, saw defendant take the bayonet from the prosecutor, and pretend to put it in again, but slip it to a man behind him. By de fendant—Bradley was not drunk. He walked straighter than you. Police-constable Sayers. stated that he attested defendant in a closet o''-, Currie-strect on Saturday night. Prosecutor was Sresent. Told defendant the charge and cautioned im. He replied in filthy language. Had searched for the bayonet, but could not Ana it in the neigh bourhood. By defendant—You were drank and had a crowd around you. His Worship remanded the case for a week. LIDEL CASE. -Frederick HarvU Linktater, barrister, and WiUiam Barnet, proprietor of the Gawier Bunyip, were charged by Moss Samuel Solomon with pub lishing a libellous article in the Gawier Bunyip of March 23. Mr. Wadey for the prosecution, Mr. Smith with Mr. Mathews for the defence. The de famatory article complained of was as follows in an article headed " Town Talk," by Pelts:— - "Some considerable tune ago, not in the days when piratical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theatre Boyal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a daring but tight-listed son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of 'sheeing shometings for nodings, ma tear.' With this end in view the gentleman m question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger-nails, obtained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald's stabling, fronr which Tantage ground he had an un interrupted view of the undraped window of the room wherein certain undraped young ladies were in the habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight, until, in an illstarred momenta brother tomcat uplifted his voice in aminor key at his elbow! The sound attracted the atten tion of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hopeless intruder that bis dazzling shirt front and glittering diamond studs had been 'spotted.' Vainly he strove to make his way to terra Unna! Unnerved and gasping he " " ' which hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from i perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and property man. But his troubles bad only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too 1 They took him to their dressiug - room, and having plentifully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their leady powder puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion the old man raised his eyes ana his hands and exclaimed, "Holy Moses 1 ish dat a ghost or a rolling- pin. . . . How, you would hardly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentlemen. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for.' Mr. Smith produced a letter to the proprietor of the Bunyip, demanding the name of tbe'writer of the article, and giving a week for reply. thati Mr. Smith said he could show that the week of grace had been extended, and be therefore asked for the dismissal of Mr. Barnet. He quoted the case of H. E. Downer v. T. King and W. V. Smith, June 3,1870. | Mr. Wadey—What Smith ? We do not agree npon the facte. We deny that there was any extension of time. Mr. Smith proceeded to read the case, and pointed out tliat in the particular case quoted a letter of similar character to that referred to was produced in the case, and the rule as far as Mr. King was concerned was discharged on the point. Mr. Wadey denied that there was any unfair ness in the case, and explained what bad passed between counsel and the parties in the present libel case. Barnet ignored the second letter sent after the time of grace had expired. However, he proposed to withdraw as far as Barnet was cotf" cerned. The case against Unklater proceeded. M. J. Stapleton, of Oawler, bootmaker, produced a copy of the Bunyip containing the alleged libel, and sent it down to Mr. Solomon. Mr. Smith—Is it not a nasty thing for any man to watch women dressing in whatever sphere of life they might be, whether they be tambour majors or minors. Wit ness—It is a matter of taste. It would not be my taste. Mr. Smith—And you a preserver of soles 1 (Laughter.) Witness—I purchased a copy of the paper, and sent it to Mr. M. J. Solomon when he wrote for a copy. Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor, said—I am clerk to Mr. BaphaeL Received the Bunyip of March 23, and handed it to Mr. Cox, the soUcitar. Am also sergeant m B Battery, Port Adelaide Bat tery, and am of the Hebrew persuasion. Mr. Beddome asked why the latter question was asked. Mr. Wadey said it was the way the prosecutor was referred to in the article. Witness continued—There are only abont four JewB in the artillery, and only three in the one 1 belong to. MajorSolomon is the only Hebiew com missioned officer, and there are two Hebrew gunners. I have lately undergone an examination for a commission—on March 23. I bad sent in my application three weeks before. I cannot remember the date of the application for examination. I have read the article. (Mr. Wadey put in the paper and the article was read.) My attention was milled to the article on March 27. The last paragraph refers to myself. Received the letter produced from Colonel Mathews. (The letter stated that the prosecutor could not he recommended for a commission after what bad passed). I have been refused a commission. By Mr. Smith—I have been in the force six years Ido not know the " six officers." I know Lena Carey and Lena Gray. I have not boasted that I have been more than intimate with them. Mr. Smith— What would you say of a man who looked through a window at undressing females? Witness— I should say that he ought to be horse whipped. I have been chaffed about being the person referred to in the Bulletin some time ago The name Solomon did not occur in the Bulletin. It was ubon't two years ago. The ladies referred to as the "six officers" were here then. Mis. Ford wrs one of them. She is here now. I did not ask her to s?.y it was some one else. Mr. Smith—Did you not tell a person named Isaacs. Is Isaac goim to offer himself as an oblation for Solomon's sins'. It was Abraham in the oldtlmo; now it is Isaac. (Laughter.) Witness—I did not. Never heard Mrs. Ford, mention the circumstance of any one watching the ladies dressing. I asked her about it. She was a child when I knew her first, and I thought she could clear my name, as she, being con* nested with the stage, might have seen the afioir. 'Jhere are very few others besides her here who were connected with that, opera. I do not know_ whether she was the one that screamed. I did not look through the window. Mrs. Ford used to be Sophia Harris. Mr. Smith Can you say whethei she was present when a young man and a tomcat were looking through at nude females? Witness—No, I cannot. I did not mention anything about the pufE powdering. She told uie what she kuew about it, and I got a letter from her, since the article. She said nothing about Isaacs in the letter. I did not suggest Isaacs. I know a bookmaker named Isaacs. He was not the Isaacs. (The letter from Mrs. Ford was produced, aud was to the effect that Mr. Solomon was not the gentleman who was discovered at the Theatre lloyal on the occasion.) Mr. Wadey sought to put the letter in. Mr. Smith sard it was very good Wadey, but not good law. The letter was not evidence. Mr. Beddome said be did not see how the letter could be put in. Witness—The letter was handed to me by Mrs Ford's mother. Mr. Smith—Who talked to you about Isaacs and not Solomon being powdered ?' Witness—Some one said it was Isaacs. The lady said she thought it was. Ididnot suggest Isaacs to her. When I spoke to her I asked her if it was I, and Bbe said " No." If she knew the person, or if she would know the name if she heard it. I sug gested the name of Isaacs, and she aaia " Yes." It was not Isaacs, the bookmaker. I came to the conclusion that that was the person by the description. Mr. Smith—You do not mean the Isaac who was offered up and the ram saved? (Laughter.) Witness—1 am not bound to say who the person was. I had several Isaacs in my mind. I meant a young fellow employed at Isaacs' place In Bindley-street. He is the son of Mr. lBsacs,whowasa clothier onetime. IbelievchisnameisMichael Isaacs. From Mrs Ford's description she meant the same person. I wout to several oi the theatre hands, and they gave me the same description, but did not - mention Isaacs. I would not swear that they did not. Last time I saw Isaacs was when he was going away in a steamer for either Melbourne or Sydney. (Mr. Smith—"I thought it was an Isaacs who had gone away.") I cannot re member the date. It was not eight years before I knew Mrs. Ford as a child It was as near as I can say about three months ago. I had not discovered then that he was the man who was powdered and puffed. The article in the Bulletin was that the person whose name pro claimed him to be of 'the Jewish persuasion nod done what was described. It was not a month afterwards, and might have been the following week. I was chaffed by my military friends about it within two or three weeks afterwards in the Military Club. The only person I took notice of it to was Sergeant Major Lillywhite. I treated it as a joke. They did not seek to test whether there were any marks left by the ladies on my body. Did not remember being handled while I was being chaffed at the Club. Would swear that any such thing was not done. I very seldom get drunk. Do not remember having shown the photograph of a person of bad reputation whom I wished to take to a party to be given by the Military Club. I remember there was a surplus after a balL The members agreed to M>end the money m a dinner, and each officer was to bring a lady. The person I proposed was not of bad character. Don't know if the motion brought in was to exclude this person. May have boasted of having had connection with prostitutes and others. May have dons so for a lark. Have been called by the nickname of " B Battery Bam." Why, 1 don't know. Have boasted of knowing one or two of the ladies known ■ as the " six officers." Will not sivear I have not boasted of having had impropor intimacy with them. The article in the Bunyip was read in the > Non-Commissioned Officers' Club in my hearing. Did not adopt it with signs of pleasure. Those present thought it referred to me. This was after the case was in my solicitors' hands. I did not take . steps with regard to the article in the Bulletin, be cause there was no direct reference to me. Can swear the name of Solomon was not mentioned. It did not refer tg a person in the volunteers. Have altered the appendages to my face two or three times. Some time ago I had small side whiskers. The having them taken off did not make me more - like the Isaacs who hss gone away. I did not get on tbe roof of Mr. McDonald's stable to look through at the young ladies. Was never powdered by tha:n. Don't know whether I saw the "Tambour Ma'or" here. Was never |inside the dressing-room. Never tried to see them dressing. Denied having done so to ray comrades. Have contradicted the statement in tbe Bunyip to Sergeant Lillywhite. May have passed it off as a joke to Sergeant Stacy. I know Lena Grey. If she says I was the one who looked through the window she tells an untruth. Cclonel Dovmes, Commandant of Forces of South ■. Australia, deposed—Did not know the complainant ■ in plain ciotheB. Sergeant Moss I. Soloulon, of B Battery Artillery, did apply for a commission in the artillery witbin the last two or three months. Bad seen tbe article in the Bunyip of March 23. It referred to three persons. The first portion referred to Sergeant Solomon, , of the artillery (B Battery); the second portion to Lieutenant Daniels, of Adelaide Rifles; : and the third part to Cantain Curtis, of the Adelaide Bifles. The commission was refused to Sergeant M. I. Solomon, but he bad passed his examination, though he bad not yet been recommended by witness to the Government because of tbe article in . question. By Mr. Smith—If any member of the force had acted in the way indicated in the article he would deem it a favour to know it, but did not care about being informed anonymously. Would have it from such a source rather than not know it at all. A few days before the article was shown to him com plaints referring to the same matter with regard to informant were made to witness. Should say that was previous to Good Friday. Benjamin Solomon, major commanding B Bat tery, stated that be knew the prosecutor, who held the position of sergeant in the same battery. He applied through witness for a lieutenancy. The - article in question, which be had read, referred to • Sergeant Solomon. By Mr. Smith—If a junior officer knew that a man in the battery was guilty of the conduct referred to he should communicate the - fact to his superior officer. George Cahill, stage carpenter at the Theatre - Boyal lor fourteen or fifteen years, deposed that be remembered the " Tambour-Major' troupe perform ing at the Theatre, end remembered that he heard of a man looking from a roof at the girls dressing. . Witness brought the man in, he being given into his hands by McDonald's ostler, and he waspnt into a room by Mr. Harwood, and afterwards given . into charge. Knew the complainant, and he was not the man as he now is. By Mr. Smith—It occurred about two years ago, . and at the end of the second act. The man appeared a little lame, and witness caught him in the yard. Sophy Ford, married woman, stated that her husband was wardrobe manager at the Theatre Royal. Was engaged at the Theatre when the "TottiliAnp.'Mornp" tmniM Wcro Vinwa Tambour-Major " troupe were here. Remembered the circumstance of a man getting on to McDonald's roof. The man was whitewashed. (Laughter.) It - took place in the property- room. All the ladles of the opera were there, looked on tbe same as the rest. Bad an opportunity of noticing the man. Knew Mr. Solomon. He was not the man. Had known him five or six years. He used to reside near witness's honse. By Mr. Smith—Was a child five or six years ago. Was engaged as an officer in the Theatre on a night in question. A man looked . through a window, not through hers. ' Never saw the man or a tomcat on the roof. Was dressed as • an officer at the door of the proporty-room. The whitewashing was in tbe property-room. Did not know what part of it. There were eight officers at . the door. Saw quite well. The officers were all . crushed together close to the door. All who conld get down were there. Did not hear the victim say. anything. Knew who it was. Never had his name suggested to me. Mr. Solomon never sug gested tbe name Isaacs. Knew the gentle man's name was Isaacs. Solomon came and asked if she would give him a letter. He said there was a scandal against him, and showed the article in tbe Bunyip, and asked if I knew the gentleman. Believed Isaacs was here. Saw his brother or himself on Saturday night, the 14th. Had no conversation with him about this, matter. Tbe brothers are very much alike. Have seen tbem separately. Did not know the first name of the one who was whitewashed. Solomon came and saw her twice about the letter. He came once for the letter. Had only conversed once about it. Had hot told Solomon of having seen the man who was whitewashed. Saw the man in question pass the stage-door whitewashed. Annie Smith, single woman, stated that she was engaged at the Theatre Royal during the perfor mance of "Tbe Tambour-Major" troupe. Remem bered the circumstance of a man on McDonald's :stable roof, lie was powdered in one of tiie rooms ■downstairs. Toot no part in it. Saw it done; saw ■the man. The complainant was not tbe man. By Mr. Smith—Was a chorus singer that evening. ' Only knew the whitewashed man since he was . powdered. There were many people in the property room. The gentlemen did the powdering. They bad commenced powdering him when she saw him first. Saw him last Saturday night. Would ■ swear she either saw him or his ghost. Did not know who pointed him ont. Was walking ■ with Mrs. Ford. Saw no one about the case before her subpoena came. A reporter pointed out Isaacs \- on Saturday night. Only knew Mr. Solomon by sight to-day. [Mr. Cox here put in a letter from the defendant, dated April 5, as follows] " Victoria Chambers, Flinders-street, April 5, 1883. " Messrs. Wadey & Cox, Solicitors. " Dear Sirs—In answer to your letter of to-day I beg leave to correct your statement that I made a \- conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barnet to give up the name of bis correspondent. The condition in . serted in my letter was no more than the one implied in your own of the 27th, namely, that if Mr. Barnet disclosed the name of his cor respondent he would be freed from the , proceedings which you threatened in case he did not do so. My embodiment . of that condition was so superfluous that I now dispense with its repetition, and as Mr. Burnet's attorney ' comply with your original request, for which com pliance you extended the tune n your interview with me and Mr. Mathews. I now therefore : announce to you that the town correspondent of the Bunyip, w ho writes under the name of ' Pelts,' and who wrote the article of March 23, was myself, and I beg leave to add that an account of the occurrence . in the rear of the Theatre was published in the Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire also to add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, . including the punishment inflicted by the ladies, and was an amused spectator of the ghostly result. If . your client, animated after two yeans by a sudden ■ access of self-respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed, I shall have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them. Andlhave no hesitation in saying from my knowledge of the ; army and the volunteers (in a distinguished corps of which I have served), that it was a matter of the ' highest importance to the force and to the public 1 that respectable citizens who undertake to defend ; their country should not have such an officer . appointed to lead them in the field without the force and the public beingboth made well aware of : it.—Yours truly, "Feed. H. Linklater." This closed the case for the prosecution. Mr. Smith thenproceeded to argue that the charge ; . should be dismissed, but the P.M. intimated that ne I • considered there was a primd facie case, and he in ' tended to send il on. The evidence was then pro ■ ceeded with, Mr. Smith saying that he thought the Attorney-General would not file a bill. E. T. Lilliwbito, sergeant in the Volunteer Force, ; stated that he knew complainant. Bemembered a : paragraph appearing in the Bulletin some time ago. Bad not read the extract from the Gawler paper. \- -Chaffed Solomon about the paragraph which ap peared in the Bulletin eighteen months or two years i . ago. Salomon did not deny the matter till lately. | By Mr. Wadey—He contradicted the statement < ■ about a month or six weeks ago. Did not hear ■ Solomon contradict the statement in presence of i • Sergeant Thornton. Fred. Harvey Linkiater, barrister-at-law, said—i was town correspondent fortbe Gawler paperand for * the Era. Two years since was Editor of the Bulletin. Wrote the paragraph in the Bunyip on the authority . of my own eyeBigbt. Before writing it had a com munication as Editor of a paper, complaining of the : man. Had no doubt in my own mind as to its being . Solomon. Twenty months or two years ago, while ■ the " Tambour-Major" troupe was playing, I, as Editor ■ of the Bulletin, had a free entrie to the Theatre, and • on one occasion was standing close to the stage \- door daring a performance. I heard some one call \- out something about a man on the roof, and saw a ; man go to the door of McDonald's stableyard, which is close to the stage-door. Followed him to the \- door and saw complainant brought round by a man in his natural condition. He was. taken past me : through the stage-door. I drew back to let him . pass. He was in there some time, and I walked to the foot of the stage-stairs. Some little time after i he came out all white, and I again had a clear eight of him. I Bwear positively it was the complainant, Published the facts in the Bulletin. [Witness then read a portion of the letter previously put in by Mr. ' Cox, stating that Mr. Solomon's name was men \- tioned in the Bulletin as the hero of the . adventure in question, he being mentioned as Moses Solomon or Solomon Moses. Mr. Wadey objected to names being mentioned, and His Worship upheld the objection.] It was ; a matter of notoriety that complainant was applying for a promotion in rank at the time the paragraph . appeared in the Bunyip By Mr, Wadey—Have I liad communications re this matter from Lieutenant \- Smith. Believe it was after writing the alleged libel. Did not hold a commission in the other > colony. Was in the "Devil's Own" in London. Applied to Colonel Downes to go up for a com mission, but I withdrew it. There woe no hint . that the application would not be acceded to. I was told that I should have to show I had held a < commission in the other force. Had not seen com plsinant before the night in question. George William Stacey stated that he was an ex : sergeant in the Volunteer Force. Had lately heard him joked about looking at girls dressing and being ' punished by powdering. Never heard him deny it. Witness objected to a lady whom cemplainant ' wished to Lring to a dinner. By Mr. Wadey— Prosecutor rather seemed to glorify in the chaff \- about having looked through the window at the \- girls dressing. Believed Lilliwhite was present when the banter was going on. Complainant took ' the chaff in good part, and recounted other similar : ■ circumstances. He seemed to thoroughly enjoy the matter. Joseph Ferry, brigade sergeant-major in the ' Volunteer Force, said he knew ft ilomon and had j ! heard him chaffed in the Non-commissioned Officers' Club in reference to an article in the Bulletin. He was called the " ladies' mau," and got cross some times. By Mr. Wadey—Did not know that Solomon was referred to in the paragraph in the Bulletin. Have heard him deny thatne was the person, and : lie was chaffed all the more. Believe that Sergeant Stacey was present when the contradiction was ' made. Have heard that Sergeant Thornton was a ' member oftbe band in the Theatre, but did not ' remember complainant appealing to him. William Wilkinron, a lieutenant in the volunteers, \- deposed that he formerly drew the cartoons in the Bulletin. Heard the affair of the man being \- caught on the root talked of in the saloon on the . same night. Next morning communicated with the ■ defendant. This closed the defence, and defendant was com mitted for trial, bail being allowed in his own recognizances of £60 and two sureties of £26 each. Fort Adelaide: Monday, April 16 (Before Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M.] Louis Veltry, a small boy, was charged, on the information of his father, with being an uncontrol : able child. To he sent to the Reformatory till six teen years of ago. IPtMum Watson, labourer, was charged, on the information of Mrs. Greenbeig, with unlawfully assaulting the informant, with intent, at Port Adelaide, on April IS. The case was heard with closed doors. It appeared that de fendant went to her bouse, and asked if there was a man named Watson living there. She (Mrs. Greenberg) spoke to him about coming in the house, . and he said "Won't you kiss me i' to which she replied "No.' He then clasped her round the neck and partially assaulted her. She got loose and ran a short distance, but he caught her again, dragged her to her yard and pushed her dorm on the gronnd. She then screamed out, and some one came to her lielp. He had been trying to take liberties with her hut was unable to. After evidence from others the prisoner was committed for trial. Port Adelaide : Tuesday, April it. [Before Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M.J Geo. Ed. Clark was charged with obtaining money to the amount of £5 10s., by means of a valueless \- cheque, from Messrs. Burton & Shorney. Constable Bunion, of Victor Harbor, said he arrested prisoner on board the Claud Hamilton at Victor Harbor on the lith inst., when he said "I think I had not better say anything. I admit I am guilty of giving them a valueless cheque, but I was drunk at the time." James Cameron, ironmonger, of Oueenstown, said the prisoner went to the nlace on April 11, and purchased some goods, for which he tendered a cheque drawn on himself from the Bank of Adelaide for £10 in payment. Witness Changed tlio cheque subsequently. The value of the goods sold was SA 10s. The goods were sent to Clarke's house, but Mrs. Clarke would not eccept them, and the cheque was dishonoured by 'the Bank. Committed for trial. 