THE DEATH RING. 13Y TIIi AUTnon . TIIE STOLEN WILL. I'ROLOGUOE. " Well, it is certainly mysterious and I cannot account for it. It is pnast comprehension- but there mnust be a solution to the riddle." This observation fell from Ralph Armytago, as we were all gathered round the fire on Christmas Eve, in 18-, ii an old manor house in 1orcester, and was called forth by the narration bordering on the super natural of an incident which had occurred in a little village a few miles y"Do you believo in ghosts or witchcraft, Uncle Alf ?" asked Ralph of our good old uncle, turning round and facing the old man sharply. "I cannot say that I do," replied the old gentleman, but with a degree of hesitancy which apparently surprised my mother. I should think not, indeed," said the worthy dame with some asperity. "WWhy, Alfrod, did you not say oem phatically that you do not ?" "Because I could not do so truth fully," and Uncle Alf shifted some whlat uneasily in his chair. " Pehaw, man," replied my mother, "if I did not know that you are six years younger than I am, I should certainly think you were in your dotage," and mother pursed up her lips and regarded her brother with a look of scorn. " Well, Kate, it may appear ab surd in this enlightened nineteenth century to talk of ghosts and witch. craft, but during my earlier years I was an eyewitness of an occurrence, which to this day I have not solved an occurrence as dreadful as it was mysterious," and Uncle Alf shuddered. "Oh! Uncle Alf do tell us all about it," cried little Emily, clapping her hands, "Bossy ! Tom l Susieo! a ghost story," and the little darling jumped with glee. " Yes, I will tell you," said Unch Alf, deliberately. " With the excep. tion of myself, all concerned havet passed away, but I have dreaded even tc this hour, Kate, to mention it tc you." We all gathered round Uncle Alf who settled himself down and told the following story, which, for convenience I have put into the form of a tale. CHAPTER I. A CEME?TED PRIENDSHIP. How vividly can I bring to mind the many happy days of my schoolboy existence ! Pictures of Fulland'E louse School, near Taunton, are conjured up with a freshness anrd dis. tinctness quite surprising after the long lapse ofyears since I bade farewell to its sheltering roof-farewell to the old haunts, and to the genial and kindly old gentleman who had been the men tal trainer of my youth. Oh, how well in after life we value those juvenile days-how little do we appre ciate them at the time they are current! Yes, my boys, if the veil of thie fu ture could be raised but for a fleeting moment, if you could but get one transient glimpse of the cares and struggles of the world you will soon be bafling with, you would cling fondly and tenaciously to your preseut school days; you would bask happily in their cheerful sunshine, with a full knowledge that ore long the clouds and shades of the world's cares will overtake you. But I am getting prosy. To come to the more practical part of my narrative, I may tell you that on a clear, frosty morning iu December 18-, I was standing at the gate of Fulland's House School, my trunk be. side me, waiting for the conch to take me to Taunton, at which place I was to take train to Bristol. I wasleaving school for good, and had wished adieu to all my schoolmates, all except George Reynolds, who stood by my aide, but not to be conveyed by theo same coach, for he lived in Glamorgonshire, and would not leave the old school for a day or two. During the seven years George and Iliad been schoolmates a firm friendship had been established between us, a friendshlip which had gradually ripened day by day until it had growninto an affection as deep and sincere as ever was felt for brother by brother. WVe had been rivals in all our studies; we had been the keenest competitors for all scholastic honors and prizes; we had been the leaders of the opposing sides in the cricket and football arenas-but our rivalry had only produced a spirit of worthy and commendable emulation, an emulation totally devoid of that ungenerous jealousy which gives birth to spite and hatred. And there we stood, on that froaty December morning, with the remiuis cencesof ouryears of friendship crowd ing upon us-with the kInowledge that we were to part perchance to meet more. Who can blame us that our eyes were dewy, our voices husky, and our spirits downcast ? Who can blame us that we felt more sorrow at that coming parting than we had felt at bid ding adieu even to our own school master ? With hands clasped, we stood silently gazing up the road in the direction of the coming coachl, and at length it made its appearance on the summit of the hill. The clasp of George's hand tightened in mine, and turning round and facing me with his fine, open countenance he said, " Alfred, through all the cares and rivalries of school lifo we have been friends-nye, brothers. Is our friend. ship to end thus ?" " No, a thousand times no, George," I replied. "Wherl we are settled, we can write to each other. Perhaps we shall be partners in some business yet." George released his hand for a moment, then taking both of mine in his own, hlie exclaimed, "Alfrod, I have no brother, I have learnt to love you as one. I swear comne what may, my love shall be last ing- shall be couslant." "George," I replied, "you shall be my brother; through joy and through sadness IT will look to you. If I want help I will come to you; if you want nassistance you come to me-you are my brother." Rapidly tlhe coach approached. It drew up at the gates of the school ground, my trunk was lifted on to the roof, and I climbed to the only vaeant box sent. Mby eyes were dim, and it was like looking through a mist thatI saw George standing by the side of the coach. The horn sounded, the whip cracked, the horses started, and I was speedily whirled from my adopted brother. "Brother till death" was wafted to my ears as tlhe coach moved onward. "Brother till death !" I inwardly replied, as I waved my cap to thie stationary figuro on the roadway. A turning on the road, and I lost sight for ever of my old school, I lost sight for a time of my schoolmato brother. It was like a dream to me when we drew up at Taunton station, aid I entered a second-class car ringo; it was like a dream as the train moved slowly from the station con voying me to my guardian's house, but still the last words, "Brother till death," rang in my cars, and I again sealed the vow by repeating them to myself. Little knoew I then of the sorrow, misery--nyo, even despair, the faithful kIeeping of that vow would bring to me. The present was dark and dreary, but could I then have had one peep into futurity, that present would have appeared but as sunshine to the blackness of the time which was approaching. CHAPTER II. AYoN?OlOaE. Sir years had rolled by since I left school, and during that time George Reynolds and I had seen each other several times; in fact I was a visitor at his father's house, Avonmore, every Christmas. Our old idea of setting up in business together had been die. polled, for our paths in life were differ ont. HIe was being trained to sue ceed his father in the management I of an extensive colliery in Glamorgan shire, and I was serving my articles to a firm of solicitors in London. I was about to enjoy a two months' holiday, and, as a matter of course, it was to be spent at Avonmoro. Impat:ently did I await the coming day when, free from all cares and bustle of a London life, I could once more plunge into the country and enjoy its pure air and magnificent scenery. At length the day arrived, and on a glorious mornin-g in June, I rose to catch the six o'clock train, and pleasant were my thoughts during that journey. Ifound George waiting for me at the station with his dogcart, and soon we were bowling along thie hedge. fringed macadamised road, and turning into the chesnut lined avenue, I once more saw Avonmore before me. The Avonmore estate was one of the most beautiful in the county. The house, constructed in the true Elizabethan style, was situated on a gentle rise, its eastern wing com manding a magnificent view of luxuriant pasture lands, bounded by a thick wood, and the background filled by the distant hillls from whose bowels the black diamonds, which contributed to make Mr. Reynolds a wealthy man, were taken. To the northward stretched the grand and stately oak studded park, with its majestic deer browsing lazily, but ever and anon raising their antler- adorned heads to sniffthe wind; the south commanded a view of the Bristol channel, and on the west side there was a gentle slope in the park of soft, velvety turf, leading down to a magnificent artifi. cial pond, in the centre of which a fountain throw up its sprays, which fell and glistened like diamonds in the summer sun. Words are inadequate to describe the rapture with which I looked once more upon these scenes, drinking in with my eyes their loveliness, my soul swelling within me with enthusiasm. A kindly greeting was accorded me by Mr. and MIrs. Reynolds, bur George's sister, Maud, mysweetheartof boyhood, now developedinto a charming girl of nineteen,cameforward somewhat bshyly, and her welcome appearedtome somewhlat cold and distant. But soon this diffidence wore off as day by day passed, the time being spent in all sorts of pleasures and excursions, and after one short month had passed by, I knew that I was irrevocably the slave of fair Maud Reynolds, but Ilikewise discerned that my love was returned by her, and my suit was by no means distasteful to the parents, and was re gardled with joy by my old friend and sclmhoolmate. Thus it was that a fortnight before the date 'f my leaving Ipoured into Maud's attentive ear the tale of my devotion ; I saw her blushing, though silent, ncceptance of .my hand, and for the first time I folded hnr to my breast and imprinted onil her lips the kiss of betrothal. Oh, IIeaven! To look back as I now look back to that hour; to feel as I now feel her heart beating against my own, my thoughts in blissful reverie looking forward to the time when we should be united together, to pass through this vale of tears hand in hand; to share together life's joys and life's pains ; could I not I have wished that the moment would have been my last-to have wished that we could so have died together, I had I known the dark future which lay before me-a dark and dreary fu ture; a future filled with loneliness I and dreariness. Till that moment I know not what it was to love. I had passed an orphan's life, with none but a stern and selfishll guardian to as. ociato witlh in my early years, until a the time came for me to go to schoo!; ny sister Kate, the only relation I had b on earth who cared for mo, taken o away almost in i hce infancy to India, where sllo subsequeutly married anid settled down ; is it to be wondered at, then, that my love was so passionate, so intense ? Js it thon to be wondered at that I looked so longingly forward to leave the solitary path I had been pursuing, and to having some one to love and care for ? We were a happy party that night at Avonmoro. Old Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds smiled genially on their daughter and her accepted suitor, and nmy old friend George could scarcely contain the exuberance of his spirits, and when I retired for the night, old Tom, the butler, and old Mary, the housekeeper, overpowered mo with their congratulations. Old Tom and old Mary were privileged servants, they were, in fact, pen sioners, having passed the whole of their lives in the service of the family. They had served the former Mr and Mrs. Reynolds, and now, their offices were more sinecures, they were passing the rest of their waning lives more as respected distant relations, enjoying privilegeos which but few dependents enjoyed in Old England. Yes ! a happy night was that passed at Avonmore when I was Maud's ac cepted suitor; a happy, happy night, the remembrance of which has never left me. CHAPTER III. A DAT'S FISHINaO-AN ADVENTURE. " Alfred," said Georgo the following morning, "if you can tear yourself away from Maud for a day, we will go and whip the stream. I know that there are some fine fish in the river." " Well, George," I replied, "I think it would be delightful; but why not make up a party?" "Oh, no !" returned George, laugh. ing. " I never knew any good sport whore a party woent fishing." " A' right, George," I assented, and soon we were busily ongaged pro paring our tackle. The day was warm, but the sky was overcast by threaten. ing clouds as we sauntered forth on our way to the river-" the very day for fishing," as George had remarked. Both were enthusiastic piscatorialists, but for some unaccountable reason a spirit of gloom appeared to over shadow us as we wended our way through the park to the river. W'e tried to rally ourselves, but to no effect, and at length we gave way and walked along in moody silence. aWas that gloom the premonitor of future evil? I have frequently asked myself that question, and although I have been devoid of superstitious non sense, have ever laughed to scorn all tales of Fate and Doom, have over regarded predestination as a myth and a humbug-yet, when I look back to thatday-thatday to which can be traced all the anguish and misery I have suffered-I cannot but regard it as a singular coincidence that such a gloom should have settled over our previously cheerful spirits; that we should have walked along in moody silence, neither being able to shake off the singular despondency wI ich had taken possession of us. At length we arrived at the river, and were soon absorbed in our occu pation of endeavoring to ensnare the finny denizens of the water on to our hooks. Time flew by, and the absence of sport intensified our de spondency. Taking off the flies and adjusting my line for ground bait, I throw myself on to the sloping bank, and lazily watched my float as it was dancing on the ripples of the stream. "Oh ! you appear settled for the day," said George somewhat testily, " so I will just run across the bridge and try the brook on the opposite side of Farmer Tomkin's field," "Very we!l, George," I languidly replied, "Iwill wait heore until you return." I saw George cross the bridge, jump the stile leading into Fn-rmwr Tomkin's field; I saw him cross the field, and then I lost sight of him as he descended the bank of the brook. I sleepily watched my float, my memory noing back to my schooldays, to that time when George and I had sported together, I, somewhat jealously, con trasting his position with mine, he, the petted and beloved son of good and gentle parents-I virtually alone in the world, with no greeting to look forward to but the greeting of astern, cold, old guardian, who hated me be cause I had inherited a small legacy, which he thought should have gone to his own son. But nowh'ow changed ! I was now the accepted suitor of a rich and lovely young lady; the world had a rosy hue for me; I would soon be adding to my present comfortable income, by establishing myself in busi ness as a London solicitor; I would struggle and strive to rise in my profession, and purchance some day might enter Parliament. Gradually pictures of future happiness passed across my mind's eye, until at length the line of demarcation between thoughts and dreams was passed, and I was lying in happy unconsciousness of all tlit was transpiring round me. A splash! A shriek ! A second splash ! Was I dreaming ? I raised myself on my elbow and looked around in bewilderment. Surely that splaslh and shriek were no dream ! No ! for I looked and just below the bridge I saw the form of a man struggling in the stream with some thing red. Quick as lightning I was I on my feet, and ruahing along the I iaunk to the spot. Soon I discovered that it was George-my brother 1 George, who was in the river. What had happened ? What was he strug- I gling with ? With my brain on fire I rushed along, and whenii opposite to 1 George I was about to plunge into ] water to his assistance, when he sang f out in clear and calm tones, " Keep. where you are, Alfred, but I be ready to help mo as soon as I 1 reach the bark," I remained where I was, and in shorter space than it takes me to tcl of the event, George was at; the bank his strong arm supporting the fragilb form of a woman, onveloped in ared cloak. " There, Alfred, catch hold of the cloak firmly; now, give a good pull," and, doing as I was directed, by our united efforts we soon had the inanimate fornm of a young and lovely woman lying on the bank. She was extremely lovely, with her long wavy hair, extending below her waist flowingloosely. Showas dreased in rathe; peculiar garb, no head- dress, and a long red cloakextendingto her feet com plotely enVeloping her person. George chafed her hands assiduously, and by dint of the application of a brandy flask to the lips of the young woman we soon had the satisfaction o: noticing signs of returning animation and presently she opened her eyes and gazing round in bewilderment, ox claimed feebly, " Where am I?" and closing her oye; again she passed into a state of semi uuconsciousness. All at once the events of the past few minutes ap. peered to come to her recollection Regarding George's wet garments intently, she exclaimed, "Yes, I see it all. You are my pro. server; you have rescued me from cc untimely death. Oh! how can I thani you sufficiently ?" "By calming yourself and per. mitting your nerves to become settled. Come, let me know where I can assisl you to?" I stood silently by, neither George nor the rescued woman taking the slightest notice of me; but I thee made my presence known by remark. ing, "It will do neither of you any good to remain in your wet clothes. You run home, George, and change your. self, and I will see this lady to where she may wish to go." For the first time the female raised her dark and lustrous eyes to mine, but directing her gaze agais to George, she took his hand, and said,' " No; my preserver.shall take me to my camp, which is near; he shall receive the blessing of an old man for saving his daughter, the thanks of a tribe for rescuing their queen." "Camp I Tribe! Queen !" mused George. "What does it all mean ?" " Mean ?P' exclaimed our companion. "It means that you have saved the life of Nellie, the Gipsy Queen." All my remonstrances would not avail, so George departed to see the rescued woman to her cawp, which she said was in the adjacent mood, and I was left to go home by myself to tell of the adventure. I stood gazing at the retreating forms, fears for the re suit of George's indiscretion filling my breast. Oh, God i Had I but then known the influence that woman would have exerted over George, ; had I but known the dire consequences which would have ensued from that afternoon's adventure, how fervently would I have prayed that even then the conse quences I so much dreaded for George's health might have been realised, and that he might have been stretched on his bed the victim of a fever, raving maniae though he might have been foratime, anythng, anything rather than what did actually occur. But in order to continue my narra tive in a better manner, and to depict the incidents as they occurred, it will be necessary for me~to sink my indivi. duality, and I shall henceforth appear in this story as Alfred Hastings. (lhi bo coantsinedi. 