FOUR MINUTES UNDER WATER. When the moment arrived for Blatt to go under for his four-minute trial he moved grace fully to the left, falling upon his right knee, his left leg being extended down the tank, and his chin just touching the water. Then lie raised his chin a few inches, drew a long big breath, to inflate his lnngs with as much air as possible, and sank into one corner, facing the audience, with his head resting in the ankle of the glass case. His eyes were closed, and he appeared like: one asleep. For a minute he did not move a muscle, there not being a perceptible move ment of the body. When Mr. Steigers called "One minute," there waB n movement of the right hand, and then of the body, and shortly afterwards the chest began to raise and fall. At$two minutes it was apparent that the man- fish: had begun to suffer. One foot was first drawn up, and his right hand clutched the water convulsively. At three minutes the spectacle became one of extreme agony to most of the lookers on. The man's Jungs were fighting for oxygen. His broad chest rose and fell liice that; of a person making a last grand struggle for one more breath of air. Bubbles were com ing thick and fast from his nose to the surface : of the water, denoting the escape of the last of the life- gi'ving remnant fiom his body. Ilis form writhed and bis legs trembled like those of a victim on the gallows. As the seconds piled up, the horrors of death from asphyxia gathered on his face, his month opened and shut quickly, and two white eyeballs glared from the ' water. Spectators began to get sick with terror. On their faces were reflected the agony of the man in the tank. An artist who had hold of the reporter's ann, clutched it as if he would tear llie flesh off, and said, : " Good God ! why don't they take the man out?" The faces of the timekeepers and judges were livid with hor rible excitement, and when Mr. Steigers called out wildly, "Three minutes and a-balf?" several exclaimed, " That's enough P and Manager Gregory cried, " Take the man out ; I'll give the money up I" But the man stayed, piling one second on another in his terrible feat. The whole museum was in a state of unutterable suspense. The Madagascar woman and the Albino man, the spotted boy, the armless and Icglees man, the lady vocalists, and the male gymnasts were watching in breathless horror, the Indies saying, " Oh, why don't they take hitn out ?" At three and three-quarter minutes there were significant indications that nature had sun-ended. The body ceased to move, there were no more contotortions, the head was limp upon the breast. For the past minute the spec tators had been sustained by the hope that the distortaiions were tho simple incidents of a pro longed holding of the breath, but now they were certain that the man had given up the ghost. "Take him out 1 take him out l'r was the general cry. But no one 'moved. " Five seconds more, if he can live through it !" called out Timekeeper Steigers, his eyes flashing with mingled excitement and terror. How those five seconds dragged? 'Four minutes T' called Steigers ; but the inan in the glass case did not ' move. Be lay like one asleep in death. Then there were fearful cries of "Take him out !' and attendants rushed to the tank. His coat of mail weighs. over 201b, and one then could not handle him, and when the assistant got over the tank" and Blatt was drawn up 4min. Ilsec, had ex pired. He was. as limp as a rag. His body and limbs fell around like" a man just dead. Cries of "Take him on the platform !' . ' Roll him on the floor!" were heard on all sides. For a mo ment tin y rested the body on the frame of the tank, then, it was dragged down', hitting heavily against the railing of the small stairway lending to the platform. Many people'ruslied out as if , they wanted to escape the last act of the tragedy. But in the midst of a wild uproar and excitement whefi every one was filled with a horror that a life had been wantonly sacrificed, Blatt began to show signs of vitality, and all at once he struggled to his feet, rubbed his eyes and head vigorously,- looked wildly about him, and said, "Ladies and gentlemen, I can beat that tune. — ot. Louts Globe Deinorcrat. 