NEW GUINEA. [FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] INHABITANTS OF TUE COUNTRY I KNOW. HAVING in my paper on the various districts I know on New Guinea begun at the east end, I shall follow the same line in connection with the inhabitants of these districts, beginning at the cast and continuing west to Orokolo. My first district 1 will call the Milne Bay district. 1\. It extends from East Cape and round the bay on both sides and on the mountains on both sides, extending to the foreland, and in- cludes Basilisk and Moresby islands. The people are light-coloured and do not tattoo, except on Moresby and Basilisk 4 the few tattooed women are from other districts. They speak one dialect, with slight variations, which is quite distinct from the Dauni. They are all cannibals, eating those killed or taken as ' enemies. Their houses are built something similar to those in the neighbouring district. They are as n people a fine fror; hearty lot, enjoying life-especially rows. They hni-o frequent quarrels aiuongthcniselocs. They have in 'the bay quite a nurabor of large canoes, which they use for fighting purposes and «trading. it is possible that they in tkeir .migrations have travelled dow« the north-east ¡side, and finally settled in this district. The natives in this district dress much more respec- tably than tiley do in the west. The men make ?a maro from the young sago .palm leaf, and are .all well covered, and the women wear heavy ,grass petticoats. I do not think they-require much more dressing; what they have got thoy attend to well, and it becomes them. 2\. Daum District.-Extends from China !Straits to Orangerie Bay, including Heath, Hayter, Engineer's Group, and Teste 'Islands, also the Bruiner Islands. Inland, at the back of the mountains from Catamaran Buy,. and all along the sides of the Cloudy Mountain, and on the range west, they arc light-coloured, very short in stature-many really diminutive. -All the women tattoo,.tind are the carriers of food and cookers thereof. The men do the fighting and hard work of planting, such as clearing, first planting, and fencing. They are cannibals, eating the bodies of their enemies whom they take or kill, preserving the skulls . and lower jaw-bones, the former to adorn their houses or carry in their war canoes, and the latter to wear on their arms. The women and children do not partake, and the pots are destroyed after using. The people of this district cast of Catamaran Bay all deny being cannibals. During my stay at South Cape they had a cannibal feast in Farm Bay, and another . atDidutund, near to our house. One feast, to which I had an invitation, was about a mile and a-half ; I did not go for very good reasons. Ia the evening a lady who was in our party had her portion brought in-the breast of a man. They all suffer from skin disease, but it is ^worsfc on Teste Island. -It spreads over the whole body in circles like ringworms. They build their houses on much the same principle in each place, some houses having the appear- ance of canoes turned up at the bottom ends, the front a little higher than the back ; others are lite canoes turned bottom up. They do all their cooking in the houses, and in their largest nouses there will be four or five fires going at once. They speak one dialect, with slight variations in diiEcrent villages. They, too, have large canoes, used for trading and fighting. The cauoes have on stern and bows the same kind of carving-generally a bird resembling the swan-and the same kind of oars, with the same carving on paddle handles. They have no sails for their war canoes, but the Teste and Engineer natives use large sails oblong. They sail well and can work to windward. Their chuñara spoons are made of the same wood, and many have the tame devices carved on them. They marry and intermarry, and are on constant visiting terms. These natives resemble very much the natives of Yule Island, now on the mainland at Dilend. There is a great resemblance in dialect, and they could soon understand one another. There are places ut the east end with names corre- sponding to those on and around Yule Island. The hair is the same, and so are many of their . customs. I believe they became cannibals from revenge, and continue it at present for the same reason. Although cannibals and, like most coast natives, not so kind as those inland and on the mountains, yet they are a lovable people, and, to anyone gaining their confidence, very affectionate. I like them exceedingly. They are very much scattered, living in very small villages and places the most unlikely. The men and women dress as those in the Milne Bay district. 3\. Amazon Bay District.-From Orangerie Bay into Port Glasgow, Port Milport, and Magri Bay are natives who live on and around the Brady Hills and well back of Amazon Bay. At no very recent period they lived on the coast; there still may be seen the marks of villages and old plantations, and many cocoa- nut trees. In stature they arc small like their neighbours of Dauni, but have the appearance of being down-trodden and hard-pressed by their more robust neighbours of Mailiukolo. Their canoes are very small, and only used for fishing. They speak a distinct dialect, and seem to have no connection with their neigh- bours on either side. Like their neighbours further east, they are very anxious to possess hoop-iron, and bring quantities of mosooi bark in exchange. The dress of the men is not so good as in the cast, but the women use the same kind of petticoat. i. Mailiu District.-Including Toulon Island (Mailiukolo), off Amazon Bay, Dcdele and Mislapo iii Cloudy Bay, and Domara in Sand- bank Bay. Their dialect is allied to the Aroma further west ; they understand a little of the Dauni. They are a liner-looking people than the majority of the Dauni natives, and vastly .superior to their neighbours of the Amazon Bay district. In trading they, do so with the inhabitants of the Aroma district, and many intermarry with them. They travel often to Aroma in largo canoes, having several halting- places along the coast. They are believers in might, have driven back the aborigines, and taken forcible possession of their lands. On the low land around Amazon Bay the Toulon islanders have their plantations. Their houses arc the same as at Aroma, and their villages built much in the same style, a very few houses on Toulon being similar to those at Dauni. There are more straight-haired natives to be found in this district than east. The women tattoo as at Aroma. Their canoes are different, and have no carving, as also their sails. The latter arc allied to Kerepunu, large crab-claw sails made of mats. At Toulon the dress of the men changes to the string merely, but the women dress like those further east. 5\. Aroma District.-Beginning in M'Farlane Harbour and Marshall Lagoon and extending to Keppel Point, comprising thirty-two villages in all, fourteen tolerably large ones. The principal village is Maopa, all the others being somehow or other subject to it. The Maopa natives speak of all Aroma as belonging to them, and at large feasts food is brought in by all the natives to Maopa. They all speak one dialect, with slight variations between the villages in the harbour and those at Burcmala, near Keppel Point. They are light-coloured, many with straight hair. They speak of the Mailiu natives as one with them. Thoy build the same kind of houses, nearly similar to many in Kerepunu. The women, as every- where else I know of in New Guinea, help in planting and weeding, and fetch the food and cook it. Several of the mon have more than one wife. Theircanoes aro not so large as those on Mailiu, and arc used chiefly for fishing. The women are generally short, and all are tattooed. The men are middle-sized, many tall. They are proud and haughty, disliking strangers. The women wear good grass petti- coats, and the men only the string, C. Kerepunu District.-Includes Kerepunu (seven small villages), Kalo, Papaka, Kamali, and Hura. The Kalo natives in many respects are dissimilar, as also are the Papaka and Kamali, the two latter approaching to the former. They are yearly becoming more and more assimilated, and although at present there are strange differences in the dialect, yet it is not improbable that before long one dialect will be spoken and read from Hood Point to Toulon. They are certainly the finest natives in the cast end of New Guinea-much lighter in colour, and with more straight hair than tho Dauni hatives. There are some very tall men. The women do most of the food-getting and cooking, The Kalo houses are the finest native 4 houses I, have ever seen ; they are strongly built and very large. The streets arc nicely laid out with «nail patches of tropical plants in front of each house. In all the villages the women are tattooed. The men, like the Aroma and Mailiu natives, use the string or small vine, and the women the grass petticoat. 7\. Aiiimiirupp District.-Four villages on the hills at the back of Aroma. The natives are short, and moic like the natives of Brady Hills than their coast neighbours. They speak a different dialect to that of either Kerepunu or Aroma. Their houses are more like the Koieri houses, and not unlike the smaller ones at the cast end. When I visited them they were afraid to go off their hills on the Aroma side, as there was blood between them. They were also in great fear of the Kuaipo natives, who often attacked them. They secured their fish and salt from the Kerepunu natives, who ascend the Dundee to trade with them They are light colouied, the women are all tat tooed, and do the same woik as in the other villages They dress as at Kerepunu and Aroma-the men with the stung and the women weiung the grass petticoat 8 Taroa District -Includes Pnpaka DuuTi and Palauai at back of Peura Point, and se\ oral \ lllages, IJvolu around Round Head, and se\ eral villages, laroo, at back of Kapn kana, eight \ lllages , and Cirdgose, on Conical Hill, seveial Milages, ak>o Tarova 0*1 Kemp Weich and Kuavpo, on the Macgillivray Range I think Kalo belongs to this division, the houses thet e being s ery like those of Taroa, the physique of the rcople the same-colour, hair, and gencial appearance. The Kalo natives at one time lhcd up the mer, and still iretain numerous plantations nearly thirty miles up About twenty four miles up is a ullage called Tareva, a split ffroni Taioa at backotKapakapa., in like manner the Kaloans might have broken off JKuaipo, on tho Macgillivray Range, in houses plantations, general appearance and physique ate the same tribe as Taioa The} aie a very troublesome people and often at war among themselv es and with thou noighbouis A short time ago the Ikoluaiis dro-vo the natives of Paluai riL.ht aw a>, and they had to take refuge foi several 111011111" with the Hulu natnes Like those of the neighbouring districts thcmcnweai only a stung and'the women good gi tss petticoats 0 Poi t Moresby Disti ict -Is the coast dis trict fiom Round Head in the east to RecUcar Bay on the west and includes the \illnges of K »p ikapa Kallo, 1 upnsclu, Pin i, Vapukoii Poit Moiesby, Poieliada, Boera, Lealea, and Munumanu, as well as the Koitapu w11 mee near Redscar Head, around Fairfax Harbour, and hack of Vapukori The Koita puatis speik a distinct dialect, and although manj of them ha\e h\ed for many } ears at l\m Port Moresby, Porehada, Boera, and Lealea, the} keep to themseh cs Hiey are much feared by the other natives because of their supposed powei o\ei the earth and hoa\ens causing wind, ram, sun anddiought, J and when fish are scarce it is ascribed to Koitapu influence No long join ney is under- taken without their sanction, and any misliap is ascribed to them They arc the sorcerers, j and hence lcceivo presents of various kinds | Then gi eat enemies are the Huranati\cs, who, , when thej come to port, and fish are scarce, would like to throw then wrath on the Kotta I puans hut are prevented bj theMotuans, who, fearing the unseen pow er of the Koitapuans, j befriend them and prevent, if possible, any attack being made upon them All the othora abov e named speak, with slight variations, the same dialect Kapakapa, Kaile and Tupuselu are built at sea some distance from the land, so as to avoid being attacked by the inland natives The Motu tribe propel live at Pan, Port Moresby, Porehada Leaka and Manu manu Knowing the Motu dialect, it is possible to hold communication with the various tribes to Elcma and inland. The houses in this district cannot bo compaied to those further east The people are industrious, and must be so to secure a supply of food in their barren soil As a people they are about the oidinary height, with frizzy hair They are happy and excitable, and, like their neigh hours, treacherous, pirates, robbers, and ram derers The Motu tribe was formerlj much feared, but since they suffoied from smallpox have not been so high handed Their canoes, except the Motu large tiading ones aie only suited for shoit journeys, and are leally fishing canoes The w omen are all tattooed, and weai grass petticoats Their hncrones come from the west, and aro made from the youngfrondsof the sago palm The men wear the string as further east In all the districts where the stung is vvoin it is amusing to see the caio they have in using it, and would a-j soon think of being without it as more civilised nations would of being w lthout the trouseis oi kilts 10 Koien District-Isa very laige one on the coast and inland sides of the Astrolabe and on the spins of the ¡stanley Range and includes Vcibun at back o£ Kallo, Padili at back of Tupuselu, Janal a, Efaia, Epakau, Merimiu on the Astrolabe labuno, Makapih, and, around Mount Nisbet, Logen on spuis of Stanley Range Pav ei e and Maiari, on end of Asti olabe plateau Jo\ i and Perenna, f ui thor west, Munakahila, Eikupa, andMoioka lho nitivcs aio shoit, firmly built andweai bl aid and moustache Hie dialect is the same as that of the Koitapu, and they speak of them selv es as one w ith them They h\ e v cry much scatteied build their houses on high ti ees, locks, and in secluded places They are con stantly in tubal quail els and aie ncvei for a long time togethei ot peace Hie women dress voi y respectably , the men use the stung, but aie not ovei paiticular as to tightness oi slack ness Hie old women have much to say Hie men at times ti eat the vi omen badly, oven to 1 tiling with spetu oi club The women ison the coast are the binden beni eis I hue seen women with loads away high o\ci head,and on top of all infants, climbing 1000ft, and appa îentlv with as much ease as on a fine macada miscd road Hie fn//y han is much more woolly, aud they aie daikei than the natives on tho coast Hiey arc very kind as a people, and ti oat all foiei0ncis with great respect, and do not steal 11 Ru) ele Disti ict -Is on tho spurs of the Stanley Range and not fin fiom the mount of that n nu«- Hie villages aie built on the tops of tlie steep spurs so as to bo neal the planta lions that ne close by Hie natives seem quite ditfeicnt to the Koien, and îeserable the Mckeo natives at the back of Hill Sound and those on the etist end of Yule Range They aie lightei in coloui than then noighbouis, stoutei, w ith appai tntly more muscle They ne kind and seem to agree bcttei among themselves than the Koien HIL women hold much the same position as the Koien women, the loids often acting -very aibitrmly, they diess in the same style The men help m the lough of the planting, and do all the hunting They diess quite dilfeiently to any other tube I hive seen we nmg knitted jackets and a piece of native cloth that hangs gi acef tilly down in fiont, so hiding the person they have also i wisp of long gi issstuck in behind which they use as a cushion oi to bl ush oft flics and mos qtutoes Like the Koicrians, they dearly love salt 12 Kabadi Distuct-Compiiscs one village near to the coast and several villages on the banks of the Aioa well inland Hie natives speak a dialect distinct fiom that of the Motu, oi inland As a;pcople, they nie very kind to stiangeis, but temblé to their encune» The women aie respectably clothed, wearing a knitted petticoat as well as one ni ide fiom the sago palm fiond Hiey tie their hair up in a laigt knot on the top of the head, and aie good clean cooks of such tilings as thej have Phey seem never to weary of cooking for then fuends I hough they aie a quiet modest lot tiley yet hold their own with then supposed loi oh and masters, at all events are not afraid of them, oh dear no, by no means ' They do the same w ork as in the otliei ti ibes The men ha\ e a v cry respectable cov ei nig made of native cloth and worn tight, they very often may be seen, too, with a piece of native cloth hanging dow n their backs or a large net basket The houses are well built, large, and, for native houses, comfortable The moro respectable ones have laige verandahs in front that arc covered over, and the greater palt of the cook ing is done thcie There is no tattooing among these natives 1 i Naara District -Is to the west of the Aroa and extends to a village of Mai vans, on the mainland near to Yule Island There are several villages and the people are assimilated to those of K ibadi In the dialect there is a dilference, but not sufficient to moke it distinct Hie w omen dress much the same as at the 1 itter place , perhaps the petticoat is shorter They are much more Ama/onian in appeal ance than I have seen any wheic else and. like their neigh houis hold then own well I liavc paid several visits to Naaru and m each have been well re eeiv Ld 1 hey are a i Loplo to show kindness, and especially to foi elouera, but they will also re sent any slight oi injury They are quieter, I think, than nativ es further east 1 hey luv e no coast villagis 14 Lolo Dist! ict -Is the nov.t to Naai a, and extends fiom Delcnu, opposite Yule Island, to Aoo Point Hie villages aie scattered and small, and aro built m most unhealthy parts Hie nativ csai e an excitable people, hut not more treaeherousthan then neighbouis The Paltana natives bear a bad name amongst then own tube, and weie spoken of by other tribes as a lmudciing eiowd It was thev who killed Mossrs lames and! hoi ngren Hioyarcinueh daikei than the eastern tribes, hut not so much so as the Ei erna nativ es The men liav e n tight cov einig of native cloth m ide fi om a kind of mulbeiiy, and the vouieii the gi ass petticoat Hie women tatton m lines on tho face and body Hiero formerly lived on Yule Isl nid a small tube of natives who speak a dialect of the Motu They now live on Delena, with apart of the Lolo tube, they inhabiting the east side of the village Hiey are a quiet, peaceable peoplo The men fish and hunt, and the women make pottery, which they sell to Lolo and Gulf natives The women tattoo as tho Boera natives, and the latter speak of thom selves as one with them They build their houses the same as those m the Motu district As a people I like them very much, and have experienced much kindness from thom, and hope it will still be continued. The Loloans, in the bight of Hall Sound, sometimes make raids on them, and deprive thom of much of their wealth. 15\. Maiva District.-Formerly the inhabi- tants of Lolo lived to the west of Aoo Point, and were one with the Maiva people, but, quarrelling, they separated, and the latter are as above stated. Maiva begins about five milos west of Aoo Point, and extends to Kcvori, in- cluding it, at the back of Cape Possession. The people speak the same dialect as do those of Lol o, and along the coast all three tribes aro spoken of as speaking tho "*Maiva." All foreigners who have come in contact Milli the Maiva people speak highly of thom, and my experi- ence is that, as a people, they OACCI any I have yet met in kindness and friendship. They aro treacherous, like their neighbours, and havo in the past done some very tcwiblo things ; still, it is savage life, «nd to them the greatest kind of bravery. The men aro, as a whole, fine looking, rather dark; physically they are stronger and toiler than the Motn tribo. They wear a respectable covering like the 'Loloans, Naarans, nndK-.ibadiatra, ajid may almost always be seen with pieces of native cloth hanging down their backs. The women tattoo like the Loloans, something like-Z all over the face and body. They do all the ¡planting and keep the Elantations in beautiful order; sometimes cfore daylight they may be seen on their yam plantations. Some of the most important mon nave sovoral wives, but most have only one. Furthor east I have found the same; nowhere have I found polygamy sufficiently prevalent to call the Jiew Guinea natives ,polygamists out and out. Maiva comprises 'twenty-two vil- lages, and Keveri twelve. The houses are well built, and different to any in the cast; they are covered.in entirely, the thatching coming down to the ground ; the doors aro about Sift, high, with the same in-breadth. The natives paint pieces of native-cloth, which thoy stretch on -wood-and hang mp as doors, lu all native houses hore, as -to the cast, they hang by the doors a number of dry nuts, with kernels out, so that when touched thoy rattle, and warn the inmates of someone entering. Inside are sleep- ing -benches all round on the ground ; over- head is a flooring on which soiuo sleep, and where the valuables arc kept. They frequently bury their dead in the houses, so as to have them over near. The natives of all these vii liages auarry and intermarry. Being the first white man-to visit these villages, the excite menbwas great, at first the women and children keeping at a very respectable distance. They ncver-weary of 'cooking food for their friends, and do it with the greatest zest. My expe- rience is that they are not thieves, although I would warn strangers to be careful of their things. -I travel light, and avoidgiving tempta- tion to natives; and, travelling as their friend, thoy look after ray things. I generally go to a place as'the friend of some particular chief, and he %vill tako care that ray barter and things ure carefully attended to. To steal from mo would be to steal from lum. He looks on the slightest offence to mo as a personal matter. At Maiva and Keveri I am looked upon as Oa's friend, and received and treated accordingly. i 1C. Elema District.-This is the largest of all the districts I havo visited in this largo island. Corresponding to the district, the coast popula- tion is large for Now Guinea, and comprises Orapu (several villages), .Token, Kese, Motu motu (several villages), Karama (several vil- lages), Uamai, Silo, Koroma (several villages), Kewr.a, Vairara (four villages), Heran, and Orokolo (several villages). Beyond that is the Bald Head district, still unvisited, where the people are distinct and are cannibals. In this ¡Elema) district the natives are darker, and, taken altogether, more robust than the Mo tnans. The men do not tattoo. A few may be seen with tattooing, but that was done by the Motuans when the above visited them for pur- poses of trade. Many women, at the samo time, get tattooed on the breast. The men wear a string, many not using it, though on. The women wear very small petticoats, and some only a Hat white shell. The women are about the ordinary size, active, and seem con- stantly engaged in work. The mon fight, do the heavy part of planting, and cut down sago. They arc a fine wild lot, and apparently afraid of nothing but night- ghosts. Perhaps the most troublesome crowd in this tribo are the Motuniotuiins. They are much feared along the coast, cast and west, and inland, and have the name of thieves, robbers, and murderers. I have always got on well with them, and on each visit have been treated kindly and as a friend. They know they aro dreaded every- where, and act accordingly. Thoy have good substantial houses in somo villages, nil built on posts about 8ft. or 10ft. from the ground. In other villages the houses aro miserable, built on the ground. Thoy cook all their food indoors ; the posts used come from the east, Delcna, Boera, or Port Moresby. As a people the men and young women are very dressy. At each village or collection of villages are numerous children who dress much more respectably than their parents. The boys and girls arc dressed enough for my liking, and if only the grown-up peoplo wore the same I should say they were all that could be desired in that respect. In this dis- trict, as in all the others, it is truly pleasing to see the affection existing between parents and children and brothers and sisters, and the reverence shown by the children to the pnrcnts, and by all to the old peoplo. I wish in our so called happy Britain we could copy Sew Guinea in that. Were they to seo many, very very many of our British homes, which are no homes, the New Guinea nanuji'n might propose sending some of their countrymen to teach home life-home missionaries, They have short friz/.y hair, none of them able to sport the thick bushy hair of the eastern and lighter tribes. They make long sharp canoes, two together, Oft. and Sft., even more, apart, a platform in the middle extending from one canoe to another, and two beams, one fore and another aft, to lash the canoes. In those canoes they carry a largo number of paddlers, and when fighting the archers stand on the platform. When visiting their friends at other villages they curry largo quantities of food on the plat- form. 