RING THE MILLS OF HEAVEN. ICY I-ON,V1,I- CAMIiKON. Ring tho hells of Heaven ; tliero is joy to-day For a soul returning from tho wild : Seo tho Fathor moots him out upon the way, : Welcoming his weary child ! Glory! glory! how the angels sing I Glory ! glory 1 how tho loud harps ring ! 'TIb tho ransomed army lilto a mighty sea, ? Pealing forth tho antliem of tho f reo ! , I'ho psychological history of Archio M'Dongall has always appeared to rao intensely interesting, for it must havo been that of many a Bottler fa Australia— tho working of now conditions and a now codo of morals upon tho soul of a man brought up in tho narrowest of Puritan faiths, that of the Free Church of Scotland, with its torriblo creed of future punishment, derived in my opinion from tho dark and dreadful religions of Scandinavia, whoso gloomy forests and storilo wastes impart to those who livo in them their own stern and torriblo character. To men so educated lifo lias torrors that novor enter into tho souls of people born in tho south, whero tho moral codo is moro lax, anil religion as beneficent as nature, tho offspring of tho warmth and tho sunshino, glowing with lovo and color. That wliich tho southerner will com mit without a thought of evil or a dream of retri bution is, to tho man who lias been roared in tho stern creeds of ilio north, a terriblo sin to lie expiated in a horeaftorwhich ovon tho imagination of Italian Danto or English Milton failed to con coivo. To men liko Archio M'Dongall tho falling away from a stato of graco is of all torrors tho grontost, and tho idea that tho unpardonable sin wliich.sliuts thorn out for ovor from Hcavon is ono that htfunts thorn liko tho shadow of death all thoir lives. Tlioir fight against tho now conditions of lifo, tho novel codo of morals that exists in Australia ; their relapses, their repentance, their agonios would form a thomo for tho noblest pons, full as it is of that mighty strain of tragedy which has had its best expression in tho great works of tho Grecian tragic poots who wrot* of tho various awful opisodes in tho house of Atrows. I have ofton myself thought of taking up this groat sub ject, and endeavoring to analyze tho workings of such a spirit, but tho magnitude of tho task has mado mo hesitate. The episode in tho lfo of this re niarlmblo man which this sketch endeavors to pourtray, though it was tho turning point in his strango lifo, cannot do justice to tha subject, forits limits aro necessarily too circumscribed. Archie M'Dougall canio out to Australia when Suite) a lad, but ho bad become thoroughly im ued with the puritanical religion of his parents and tho land in which ho was born. Opposed to this religion was tho man's wliolo nature, which was essentially southern. Ho was oxcitablo, easily led, and fond of ovory ploasuro. Ho had inherited from his father a temperament and a predisposition that wore found to bo fatal to his poaco. His father had boon what ho afterwards turned out, a wayward soul, at times ultra Puri tanical, then relapsing into a stato of mortal sin ; too often u slave of whisky. As it was with his fathor so with Archio ; periods of oxcess wero followed by a rigid walk of lifo and abject repent anco. Year by year his self-control grow less, and his only osoapo Jrom tho torrors of sober reflection was tho whisky bottlo. Thore vrero timos when, with a mighty effort he would cast off the tompter, antUhtn would follow montba ol » UleMcetle to n ridiculous dogroo— tho Beimel to wliich was a wildor burst of oxcosh than before, until at last tho man grow to think that ho was lost, that God had forsaken him, that ho had committed tho un panlonahlo Bin against tho Holy Ghost. A stato of mind ninro torriblo than this tho greatest tragic poot has novor conceived. Tragic poots hnvo con fined thcmsolvcs to tho moro panning sorrows of this oarth, but what aro Hiobo to tho horrors that aro tho lot of a man to whom tho world to como is not a shadow but a greater roality than this trans itory oxistonco. Archio hml a vivid imagination, and it was supnlomoutod by his oxcohhcs in liquor, until at last lie imagined he saw tho lioud himself, and was actuallv on conversational torms with him. Ordinary jiooplo, phlegmatic Englishmen and womou, disposed flf Archie's eccentricities, his habits of talking to himself and combating foes in visible to other eye!., but moro real to him than llosh and Wonil, by sotting him down as ' lialf cracked.' This is tho way tho nnimaginativo work-a-ilny pooplo of tho world dispose of every thing and evoryimo tlioy do not understand, mid a very roady method, too! Archio had nnirricd shortly aftor his master's death. His lovo, like everything else in connection with him, was wild and forvont. Ho courted a neighboring farmer's daughter, and while tho heat of hi» passion lasted ho invested hor witli a thousand attributes to which poor Flora I'onton had not tho slightest titlo. Sho wan simply a ?Illicit, kindly littlo woman, witli fair ideas of hor duty, ami a good knowledge of tho work of a farmer's wifo, no moro. It did not tako much timo to disenchant Archio. Six months after ho wns married ho had discovorcd his wifo to bo quito coniiiiniiplnco, and his old temptations recurred mid woro us lrnsistiluG fts over. So, in a moment of hitter ropotitiiucu ho Bold out It is old selection near tho town and took up a now ono, twenty miles away. Horo ho would bo far from temptation, and bo ablo to rear his family according to his ideas. It was a stnngo and lonely place, yot picturosqiio in tho greatest degree A groat range of porphyry and granito roBO abruptly from a silver stream fringed with riiw« (called swamp oaks.) A. littlo gnlly that took its riso near tho summit of tho rango between tho granito and tho porphyry created a lovely valloy embosomed in tho hills. It was horo ho placed his homestood. Tho valley and tho frontago to tho stream ho selected, tho moun tains ho took up under pro-emptivo leaso. Ho had thus tho command of somo six or coven thousand acres, and was ablo to keep about two thousand shoop, which wcro amply sufflciont to support tho family. To a man of quiet tastes, of contented mind, Oban Valo would havo boon a paradise — to Archio it became au Inferno. His neighbor, John Williams, a stolid Englishman, had settled in a similar valloy on tho other sido of tlio mountain, and holivcd thoro an idyllic lifo, rearing a family of happy children, improving his holding till it became a model homestead, and himself and his wifo becoming tho very pictures of health and comfort. John had no imagination and no violont passions ; bo had that singular power of solf govornraent which is so happy a feature of Eng lish charactor ; ho had 3io very strong porcoption of metaphysical sin ; and so he lived happy and contented, and died without dread of the hereafter, moro from lack of feeling nud porcoption than that his lifo and walk had boon according to tl o go i oil II 1 tl o goo 1 a 1 lo n cad a ytl g not e o tl o 13 bio a d h was ore interested on his deathbed in giving instructions about tho management of tho sheep and farm than tho concerns of his soul. ' I can't see,' Baid John Wilson on his deathbed, ' that I've done anything wrong. I've paid my way, done my duty as far as I could, and if I havo'nt boon oxactly right always I am suro tho Good Shepherd will ovorlook it. This man was tho vory anthithcsiB of Archio, whoso mental perceptions wero of tho keenest, and who lived to a great oxtent within himself. No man saw his courso clearer ; no man was less ablo to follow that course. Archio had threo children. His eldest, » son, partook somewhat of his own nature, but ho in herited sufflciont of his mother's calm, practical English mind to counterbalance it But there was enough of tho father in him to make him rosont tho tyranny of Archio whon in his puritanical moods, and his brutality when under the iniluonco of tho ovil spirit, alcohol. When Archio was doing wrong ho becamo frantic, and becauso ho could not punish himself lio was brutal and cruel to those he loved best. Ho know ho was doing wrong, his heart often bled as ho did it, and yet hopcrsovercd, as if defying tho power which ho so dreaded. At fourteen Willio ran nwny from homo, and with him the light died out of Oban Valo. It broke his mother's heart, for mothorliko all hor lovo was centred on her only son. From that day tho breach botweon herself and her husband was too wido to bo bridged. She loved him no longer ; his prcsenco was to hor a distress ; and tho woman who had always boon so indulgent and gnod-tompored becamo frotful and impationt, and ofton bandied ?words, contemptuous on hor part, with her hus band. Ho soon saw this, and it was another fillip to throw him into tho arms of tho onemy. Peoplo who know them began to speak of Oban Valo with a shudder, and many predicted tho end would bo raurdor and suicido. Archie had two daughters, Annie and Katie. No two sisters could be more unlike. Annie had much of her father's volatility and changeableness ; Bhe was light of mind and gay of manner; thoughtless to a Berious extent, and very fond of pleasure, though she had few means to obtain it. Yot, under tho oiroum stanoos, sho could have grown up into a pleasant, light-heartod, companionable wo man. The gloom of hor homo was fraught to her with woeful consequences. Make home bright and cheerful, parents ; make it a refuge to which son and daughter will look ; and your grey hairs will go down to tho grave with honour, and without bitter sorrow. But of all the family Katie, the youngest, 'Wee Katie,' bo she was called, was the most remarkable Years havo passed by since that strange littlo face, in which shone a pair of deop, mysterious, pathetic, blue eyes, was turned up to mine, but never can I forget its weird influence, tho touching pathos of the unfathomable oyes, that told of early caro and sorrow. Sho was very small, a mere mite. I first mot her on tho Oban Kange. I was looking for orchids, and other rare plants to be found among the granite boulders of those desolate mountains, and had just spied a monstrosity in tho flower world, with livid , purplo blossoms resembling the head of a serpent, whoa ft fairy form stepped (com ' '??'. ' -:V bohind a root and pluoked tho treasure, When sho saw mo, sho did not appoar a bit afraid; but looked onquiringly at mo with thoso great blue oyes of hors. This in itsoll was unusual; for bush ohildron doyolop tho instinct of all wild young animals, to hide whon a stranger appears. I havo seen them soramblo from tho flolds into the hut, liko so many rabbits into a waren, tho moment I appeared in sight. But this little woman was quito fearless, and gave mo her hand, so small and thin and frail, with out a tremor. Sho Bat with mo on a log, and told mo in an artless way, a strango mingling of woman and child, about all hor f avorito nooks in tho mountains, the cool caves under tho granito whero tho delicate ferns grow, tho southern slopes whero tho quandongs wero to be found, the spots where the best native cherries abounded, and the little dellB, which, at the right season, woro scarlet with tho wild raBpberry. Sho rattled on and spoke, in her way, learnedly of tho spring and sum mer flowerB, and showed a keen knowledge of native fauna and flora. Nor did sho forget to toll mo, tho dear littlo thing, that hor mothor had taught hor to read, and that she had road tho 'Pilgrim's Progress' and ' Kobinson Crusoe,' ' only,' bIio added, ' da's not allowed to seo 'llobinson Crusoe,' for he'd burn it. You know,' sho gosaipped on, 'da's very kind Bometimcs, but at other times he's awful — that's when ho says tho Dovil's in him — and ho boats us all, and turns us out of tho houso. We've had to sleep under a rook Boveral times. It's not bad in summer, but oh! in winter, whon the cold winds blow up from tho creek, and the sleet and the snow falls, or the frost comes, it makes us all cry. Oh ! I wish tho Dovil was dead, the ugly thing.' The cloud soon passed from her face, and she broke out into delightful praise of the happy days that occasionally came, when Archie was in a good humor, when tho sun shone, and the birds sang, and the flowers bloomed. 'But hero, Pvo been yabbering,' sho said suddenly — the vulgar phraso seemed so piquant from her little lips—' and I've for got all about Long Legs and Hoppy.' I wondered to whom sho referred, but I was not long to remain ignorant, for on her giving two or threo whistles — how odd the accomplishment seemed in this spiritual crea ture — a tamo wallaby popped from behind tho rocks, and hopping up to Katio, laid its pretty head in her lap. Presently a ragged cockatoo waddled round another rock, hop ping occasionally, and keeping a ceaseless chatter of odd phrases, varied by a shriek and an elevation of tho crest, when alarmed. In a few minutes cooky was perched on Katie's shoulder, talking to her in a cooing manner, and now and then letting out a ' sorawk ' and raising its crest when I made a move ment, while Long Legs, as the wallaby was 'A SMALL OOLD BAND WAS LAID ON HI8 AND 1 BTnAKOB MDSIO WAS HEARD. called, browsed peacefully in front of us. 'You know,' chatted the littlo fairy, now evidently serenely bappy, ' its so nice when father's right and the Devil's away. Have you ever seen the Devil?' I told her I had not, nor desired to. 'I wish I could,' said the girl; 'I'd tell him how happy we'd be if he'd keep away. Would'nt he be happier himself ? But it's said in Revelations the archangel is to bind him for a thousand years — I wish that time was come. We're all bo miserable when he comes. Long legs can run away but Hoppy and I can't. Poor Hoppy, the last time da was bad he threw her in the fire.' 'Fire, lite, murder!' shrieked tho cocka too, with a final 'sorawk' of terror. 'But I forgot to tell you,' resumed Katie, 'that we've never been real happy sinco brother Willie named away. He couldn't stand father. Only I, knew he was going. But I'll soon seo him, sir. He promised to come for me ob soon as he'll havo made a lot of money, and then he'll tako me to Sydney whero I'll livo liko a lady, and be happy always. The Devil does not live there; ho only stops up hare in the bush, in the wild places.' Poor ohild ! Tho Dovil livos in the largo oities, only peoplo aro too familiar and friendly with him there to take notico. 'But Willie won't forgot mo,' resumed Katie. ' He promised to send mo a mimic box with the first raonoy ho earns, ono liko what Bcssio Williams has — you've just to wind it up and it'll play and play so nice. I'll bring it up hero and sit in my oavo and Long Legs and Hoppy and I will dance and sing to it ; and Oh 1 wo will bo happy.' Ever since that meeting I was deeply in terested in this sweotost of all children. Archie loved her passionately, but, whon tho evil spirit was upon him, it was the ohild he loved that Buffered most. Strango anomaly ; yot, every man of oxporionco must confess its truth. Poor ohild, tho dark days of her lifo woro closing round her. Arohio's mind was really being unhinged from drinking so much, and brooding upon imaginary wrongB. Ho blamed everyone but himself, though in truth, ho vainly attempted to conceal it, it was his rage with himself that exasperated him. Poor Katie's musio box provod to be the cause of terrible ovonts. It arrived when Archie was in town, and groat was the de light of tho littlo family, who wore always happy when he was away — this ho know, and it roused him to madnoss. It was a lovoly summer night, tho moon was at the full, and Hooded tho beautiful valloy with silver light and pleasant shadow ; the wind Bang through the swamp oaks that fringed the pellucid stream, a strain, sad, yet sweet. Tho little family were gathered in the verandah, look ing out into the garden, which was the prido of poor Flora, and listening to the sweet tinklo of the fairy muaio, over which Annie went into raptures, while Katio Baid nothing, but thought, and thought— oh, such delight fully sad thoughts. To Flora, that musio re called tho flliort summer of her youth, the moonlight ovonings when Archio and hersell had wandered over tho old farm. All was gono now ! Long Legs jumped about, at a loss to undorstand what it was all about. Hoppy was silent, but, wido awake. Whether ho was studying the tunes so as to reproduce them, or, was attempting to solve the problem of what was inside the box, has never been determined. Poor bird ; ho never saw another sunrise. Tho peaceful scene was disturbed by a loud discordant laugh, and the littlo party be came dumb when they saw tho husband and father in tho midst. He had relapsed ; the Demon had him in his clutches. Thoro was an insano light in his oyes that terrified his wife and children. Long legs knew the sound and leaped over the fence, preferring the risk of being killed by dingoes to remaining there. Hoppy gave a shriek and tumbled from Katio'a shoulder on to tho lloor, to scuttle off to a place of safjty. Tho demoniac saw this, ho noticed the horror and alarm on every faco, tho repulsion on tho faces of Annie and his wife, and the passions ot hell wero let loose in his heart. With a bound ho sprang forward, and seizing tho poor bird wrung its neck and throw the body into the garden. A feeble kick or two and Hoppy was no moro. ' You're all happy,' roared tho man, ' 'ivhen I'm away. You hate mo. And I hate you. I'll make you happy.' It i8 not pleasant to doscribo scenes of injustice or violence, tho deeds of a madman, of an unhappy being in the terrible Btato in which Archie M'Dougall was. Annie, who was very cowardly, fled at the first alarm, and remained all night in a cave on the mountain. But tho ' little woman ' did not. Though her heart was wrung when her pet was killed she uttered not a sound for fear of aggravating him lo do what he would, she know, so ter ribly repent. Her mother was not bo wise. The poor woman's life was so wretched, all the light had now died out of it, that she was perfectly reckless. She opened out upon her husband, and told him what, unhappily, he knew too well. Her words, echoes of the accusing spirit within himself, stung him to a stage of madness he had never reached. With a furious blow oi his foot he sent the music box purchased with Willie's first savings as a present to his dearly- beloved sister into the garden ; but it kept on playing, emblem of patient virtue that returns good for evil. It was playing a tune that was torture to the ears of this apostate, ' King the hells of Heaven.' That was one of Katie's favorite hymns, and Willie had purchased the box because it performed that air. The maddened man seized an axe, and was about to split tho box into pieces, /hen Flora seized his arm. Tho moonlight faded into the steel gray of lawn, which in its turn yielded to the flood of gold of tho sunrise. The golden light shone into Archie's house that morning upon a iceno terribly different to that his declining rays had lighted. Then they irradiated the happy faces of a littlo group intently listen ing to tho musical box, every face full of q iet happiness, the scene peacefully sylvan. \ow the sun lit up the little sitting room a d a dying woman, beside whom knelt a child young in years but old in sorrow. In another room the sunbeams fell upon a man m the lethargic sleep of extreme drunkenness — a moro lump of animated clay — without sense or feeling. In the garden the light fell upon the oorpse of the little bird, the music bo close beside it. Ah me ! how many such a scene the sun has shone upon in this our young country, where everyone should be so happy. Annie returned later in the day, and the two girls tenderly nursed the dying mother. Annie wns for saddling tho horse and going at once to tho town for help, but Flora M'Dougall would not hear of it. She knew he was dying, and that if a doctor came Archio would bo in danger of the law ; and so with that strange perversity of woman that is so heroic and yet so incomprehen ible, she resolved to die in silence to secure his safety. She would not havo her children carry a dreadful stain with them into life. What her thoughts were as she lay in that bare room, dying, no one can tell ; they were bitter enough assuredly. In the afternoon a wild haggard face, looked in for a moment, and the girls shuddered. Then it vanished and Archie fled to the darkest glens of the mountains, there to expiate his Bin with agonies that no pen can describe, to plead hopelessly with a God, whoso face was veiled from him — as he thought for ever and ever — and to combat a Fiend, present with him, as he thought, in all the terrors of his ghostly form. Archie returned next day, a wan, wasted, ghastly figure, that would have almost an swered his own ideas of the Evil Spirit which tormented him. He looked through tho window to the room. There was the corpse of his wife, lying on the sofa, stiff and stark, but with a strangely placid face, a face the expression of which was relief and resignation. Annie was sobbing in a cornor. Katie had drawn a little table near the corpse and upon this she had placed the musical box, which was now playing. The little girl was on hor knees singing; he could see the tears glisten ing in her eyes, and Bhe sang with a voice broken with Bobs. And this is what Bhe anna ? Homo at last on hcavonly mountains, ncard tho ' Como and enter in; ' Saved by HIo'b fair flowing fountains. Saved from earthly taint and sin. Homo swcot homo, our homo for ovor, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcomed homo to wander novor, Saved through Jesus— Homo at last ! Annio tried to follow her sister ; but when tho chorus came her voice failed. On tho contrary Katie's voice became stronger, and thero was a tone of hope and trust in H,_as she sang Homo sweet homo, our homo for evor, Weary pilgrimages past, Wolcomo homo to wander novor, Saved through Jesus — 'Homo at last!' The clear bird like voice of tho ohild was raised as in a cry of triumph when sho sang tho last threo words. Hell surely could havo no torment equal to what the man felt as he heard and saw all this. He had heard bis ohildren sing that hymn in happier hours ; he could not stand it any longer. He rushed into the room wildly and, seizing a ease of razors from the mantle, took out one and stood over tho dead body. ' Soo what you have done, ha, ha,' he said, addressing that Familiar who was ever present, to his eyea. 'Oh you've come, havo you? Hal Ha! You'vo como to see your work, have you, Well, it will bo tho last timo. She has gono whoro you nor I can ever come: I will go with you. I have done enough. Yourholl cannot bo worso than thiB.' . . And with a frantio movement ho grasped the razor. Another moment and ho would have drawn it across his throat, but that a small cold hand was laid on his and a strange rnusio was heard — Tho air had ohanged. 'Father,' said wee Katie, 'fathor, stop, stop; hear what tho little box Bays: — its a voico from heaven I ' Ho listened, his faco ohanged, the razor foil from his hands, tho Demon vanished, and tho man sank upon tho ground, sobbing pitifully. And what did tho box play? And wee Katie, standing between her father and tho dead body of her mother, followed the notes with her clear bird-voice, whioh har monised so well with the harp like music ol the instrument and sang the hymn the erring man had himself, when the good spirit had possession, taught her: — King tho bolls of Heaven I Thoro is joy to-day, For a Boul returning from tho wild ; Soo ! tho Father meots him out upon the way, . Welcoming his weary wandering child. Glory I glory ! how tho angels sing ! Glory I glory! how tho loud ln-rps ring I T'is tlio ransomed army liko a mighty sea, Pealing forth tho anthem of tho five I In that hour perhaps the wretohod mar had a glimpse, transitory it is true, of thi brighter side of religion, of that portioi whioh has nothing to do with the ateri faith ot the North, born ol the region of th dismal pino and tho ovcrlnsting snow. But he had yot to go through tho fire, thoro was to bo anothor Baorifico boforo tho Bun roao upon hiH soul, before Bolder the Boautiful banished tho infornal Deities of tho North. Flora was buried in a littlo nook botweon two granito boulders on a small hill that looked down upon tho homestead. Archio, now deeply penitent, suffering as fow mon suller, fenced in tho plot of ground ; it was tho cemetery of his family. In his aparo timo he worked upon a flag of granite, whioh was to act as headstone. Woo Katia was ovor at her mother's grove. She dug up tho ground herself — it waa loose as granite soils always are— and planted every flower that grow in tho littlo garden. Common flowers enough they were, but consecrated by tho love and dovotion of tho dearest of daughters. With her own hands she dug up a young cherry treo, loveliest of tho Australian pine- foliaged trees, and transplanted it, placing it at the foot of her mother's grave. And strango to say — for the c.horry treo soldom strikes when removed — the plant grew, and is now a handxomepine-shaped treo, in whoseleaves the red berries gleam in tho season, and tho littlo birds ohirp. It waves over not only Flora, — but — of that hereafter. And under her hands that spot bocomo a bower of beauty, blooming with flowers at all times, and, what was greater, consecrated by the behest of love. It was some timo after this sad occurenoo that I paid another visit to Oban Bange. At tho samo place where Iliad seen wee Katie previously, I came aoross her. She was sit ting on a mossgrown rock, looking at a small silver rill of water that came out of a fern covered gully, and fell over a gray granite ledge. Orchids and ferns beautified the moss carpeted bank. By her side was tho musical box, tinkling out its melodies, to which now and thon the girl sang. At my approach Hoppy, who had returned home a fow days after the tragedy, ran to its mistress' side. She looked np to me as fearlessly and frankly as ever, and now entered into a chat. 'Poor mother was always weak,' she said, a deep shadow coming upon her face, and she died a little while baok. Oh, sir, she's got such a pretty grave, and the little cherry tree I planted is growing so well. They Bay cherry treea won't transplant, but mother was so good it oouldn't but grow, and Willie did not for get mn, sir, — this is what ho promised.' 'Aro you happy now?' I asked; ' is your father good ?' She did not reply for a minuto or two. I Baw the shadow deeper on her faco. 'Wo are a little happy,' she replied at last with a sigh. 'Father is very strict. He prays day and night, and hardly eates any thing. He iB afraid of God. I am not afraid of God. Do you think it is right to be ?' 'If wo do wrong,' I replied; but if we repent we are taught He will forgive, and then wo should be happy.' ' But he never is,' said wee Katio, ' And, oh, sir, he has repented, but he seems to see no pardon or help. I can't make it out. I can see nothing in tho world but light and love, except when Satan is about. It's him that brings the rain, and the clouds, and tho cold winds, and the frost and the snow. Oh, I wish thero was no Satan. Why was ho created?' Wiser men than I have been unable to answer that question. But I explained to Katie that the phenomena she pointed out as the wrong of the Power of Evil proceeded from a beneficent God and were necessary to the maintenance of the beauty of the world. Her face brightened 'I believe you,' she said, 'and now I think if clouds, and rain, and thunder, and snow, and frost, are needed to make the world beautilful, perhaps sorrow and pain, and and even sin, are needed to make us good. Oh, God is wise, and we musn't repine. Only, I wish Ho could see another way.' Oh, how many a human heart has echoed that wish since the world began, since men became as gods, and knew good and evil I There was a singular depth of thought in this (.'irl that surprised me. Continually by herself, without playmates of her own age, called upon to assume responsibilities before her time, she was a strange contrast to other children. What was most striking was the great depth of her religious feelings, and their peculiar characteristics. Her father saw nothing in religion except fear and trembling, and threatening^ of the judgment to come. She perceived nothing but a God, who was her Father — better than her earthly parent indeed — and a Saviour who was a loving Elder Brother, and who had died for her to prove his love. Sin and its shadows she knew not. I know there are those who will scoff at the religion of one so young ; who i will say that it would vanish when she grew up, and had to fight the hard and cruel world. '. Perhaps so 1 But that does not alter the deep ! love and respect I entertained for the artless i child. God in his wisdom ordained so fair a ' flower was not to be gathered by rough 1 human hands. She could no more be trans- I planted into the garden of this world than i can tho small white (lowers, that grow on i Alpine heights, bo reared in the trim pastures i of the lowlands, where the moist, hot, corrupt air strangles them. i I left her, singing to tho air ' Bing the bells I of Heaven,' of which sho seemed very fond, | perhaps because it had arrested her father's suicidal hand, and she augured from its : words that one day God would be reconciled with him, and he would join the ransomed. I never saw her again, and the picture I : looked upon beforo I turned round the rock that hid her from my view, will never leave my memory until I am dust and ashes. The beautiful child sitting on the gray lichen covered rock, the flower starred moss carpet on which her feet rested, the tiny silver , waterfall, supplying a light bass to the treble of the girl and the instrument, the blue sky overhead, flecked with fleecy clouds, the kangaroo with its gentle eyes looking up into its mistress's faco, tho hoary granite rock — all combined to form a pioturo such as could only have been witnessed in Australia, and then but rarely indeed. Not long after this the clouds gathered round Oban, never to be lifted in this world. For months aftor his wife's death Archie lived the life of a reoluso, practising overy modo of self-punishment. The sternest ascetio would havo envied him. He worked hard, he prayed for forgiveness day and night, he inflicted upon himself every penance he could think. After all there is little differ ence between the churches. The grim and austere Puritan is closely relate I to tho flagellant and the ponitont of the Church ot Komc. But do what he could the cloud never lifted ; Heaven never opened to his eyes ; it was all darkness. The fact is the man outraged his own nature ; ho went about his work tho wrong way. Tho result was that a terriblo despair took possession o£ him — that despair Bunyan haB so graphically described in his narrative of tho Man in the Iron Cage — and the gloom of his mind deepened until the day could not be distant when ho would take his own life, or once more resort to tho treacherous fiend that buoya us up for a moment to cast us lower the next— the bottlo. In Arohio's case intoxi cating liquor was not taken because ho loved it, but that it becamo a necessity — anything, anything to got rid of tho hideous despair nature and his ideas of religion and lifo had created. The cause— anothor offspring of his mis guided efforts at religion— was not long want ing. Archie and his daughter Annie had never been able, as tho colonial phrase goes, to ' hit it.' Their natures wero too much unlike for that. Sho was just what he him self had been at her age. He would have no laughter, no music, no company. With him it must always be groaning and prayers and sad lookB. Now Annio wanted oxactly tho reverse; Therefore, to esoape the intolerable gloom of her home, she proposed when the old man who shepherded for them left, to look after tho sheep herself, and Arohio agreed. Now John Wilson's oldest son Bhepherdcd his father'B flook, and of ooursf) the two met, and a new world opened for the flighty hair brained girl. Love waa born into her world, and in all the thrilling fever of- its delights she forgot the shadows of her home, where indeed she waa only at night, and to escape its gloom she always retired early, on the plea of being tired. Tho romance of that lovo belongs not to this story. It's end may well bo imagined. What must happen whon a boy and girl at tho most impressionable \ period of their lives aro in company day after j day without a, soul to guido or warn them ? I Thoro could bo but ono result, and it camo. ? Flora had died in August, whon spring was j fluttering its feoblo wings, and the wottleg I mado tho hillsides golden with ita glory. Tho \ year woro on and Christmas came round. j Shearing had taken place, and for a week ' threo rough men hod stoppod at Oban Vale to help Archie to clip tho sheop. Tlioy had flirted in their way with Annie, wondered at ] the old housewife, Weo Katie, and her strange j fathor. Ono of them, when spreeing ot tho ? Shearer's Arms down tho river, said, ' That Annio M'Dougall's a pretty girl and up to lots of furi, but no ono can make out little Katie. Whon she wasn't at housework she'd taku that musical box of hers up to her mother's grave and sing to it, just as if the dead woman could hear. As for Arohio M'Dougall, thero's no doubt he's oraolied. But it oil comes of religion ; thank goodness. I nevor was that way myself.' Shearing over, tho old lifo went on. Aunio shepherded the Hook, Archio worked liko a demon, trying to get rid of the despair that was killing him, but talking as ever to the Unseen Companion that seemed to be continually urging him to do something terrible; and Katie did the housework. And a notablo little housewife sho was, though she had little to work upon. Archio was as parsimonious in his fits of re ligion aa he was prodigal whon the Companion claimed him. This made his religion as dis tasteful to Annie as his gloom.' Well, Christmas came. Tho previous one had not been very bright ; hut then tho mother had been with them, and tho fathor had been in the good- natured stage, which culminated at New Year in the appearance of tho Com panion. But this Christmas Katie thought sho would try to brighten up the place, and see if she could not wean her father to look upon the world as she did, to think o( God as she thought — what better season? So she cleaned the little house until everything shone again, and she brought down from the granite gorges on Christmas eve afternoon, the most greon and graceful of tho ferns, tho prettiest flowers. She went up to tho ranges and obtained a branch of the cherry tree through whose orange green foliage tho dark, red berries showed temptingly, and these Bhe hung up in the corners, and at the door. In deed it was so pretty a place when sho had finished, that one could hardly recognise it. Sho spread the table daintily, and had quite a lot of delicacies, among which was a quan dong pie, a luxury that no epicure will despise. And so she waited for her sister and father. Annie was shepherding, and Archie had gone to the neighboring township to buy some things. The littlo girl was not without sinkings of the heart as she sat in the ver-indah waiting. Her father had seemed unusually stern when he went away that morning, and she had noticed that for weeks Annie had been despondent. Willie, too, had never written as he promised. And Katie herself had, since the winter, been weak and ailing. But the brave little girl never lost heart. She believed firmly in her elder brother, and that all would be well yet. Annie was the first to come home. Katie helped her to yard the flook, but could get no words from her sister, who was still moping ind despondent. The two girls sat on the verandah, Annie with her face in her hands, »nd swaying to and fro. The sun set behind the range in all the glory of the primary solors and their combinations, from gold to jrimson, from crimson to purple, and then to all the shades of blue that ended in the :old gray of twilight, relieved only by what Katie called the lamps of Heaven, the silvery jtara. What a type a aunset is of our career Df the various episodes of human life 1 First :omes the gold of promise, of hope, then the red and purple of fulfilment, dying, ovun lying, into the cold grays, lifeless, and color ess. Surely in the Land to which we hasten, the gold, and the crimson, and tho purple, lever fade 1 But, if the sun had vanished, leaving behind lim only the drabs and the grays, soon there ippeared a greater and sweeter glow in the mst, and the moon, the eternal Queen oi Sight, glided over the Pinnacle mountain, uid filled the world with light oud shadow. Year by year she rises the same, but she has never lost her charms, for poets have sung as fervidly about her in this century as did Sappho in Lesbos. To Katie, the moon's rising was on ever living delight. It was to her like the gentle life following the career of glare and greatness in the world of which. si e ? had read, but knew nothing. The Land of Beuloh surely woslit by the rays of the moon. So when the gracious luminary appeared, shaming the ' dip' that sputtered in the 11 parlor.' Katie brought out her little musio box, and sot it playing in the hopo it would arouso Annie. It did. The wretched girl burnt into a flood of bitter tears. Her dream was aver ; sho had tasted the aweetB, and was now to gnaw the bitter I Tho gallop of a horse sounded in their Bars. Their hearts sank ; thoy knew well there father had gono wrong. When sober ho never galloped, Annie clasped Katie hysterically. ' Save me, Katie,' she oried ; ' he will kill me. Save me, little sister 1 Save me 1 ' And sho olung to Katie as if the pour frail thing had power over that dark masterful man. Strange it was that everyone belioved in Katie. Archie dismounted, and flung tho reins upon his horse. But he did not at once com') in. He took off the saddlebags, the chink ol whioh told tho girls thoir worst enemy ha 1 come. Katie caught a glimpse of her dread father1 -i face in the moonlight. ' Fly, Annio, fly,' she whispered ; Go to the old;cave. I'll run up and see you to night.' Annie, like all weak natures, always trusted to a stronger. With a bound sho was out of the garden, while Archio waa taUinR the saddle off, and flying for dear life up to the rango. Not an instant to soon The ? next moment Archio'a heavy tread was on the verandah. 'Whero is that wro'oh?' fie asked tho trembling Katie. ' Annie,' replied Katie, camo home, but she ran away when she saw you coming. She seemed in great trouble.' ' She has saved me a orime' said Archie, speaking not to Katie, but to that Companion . who seemed to be ever near him. ' You are disappointed this time, eh ? Ha! ha I But don't fear, it'll come, it'll como. I know you only want the soul, and it'll soon bo done. Ha 1 ho ! ' And with a laugh that froze Katie's blood, he took the saddle baga inside and throw them on the table, disarranging its neat dis play, and breaking some of the scanty orookery. Thon ho took out a black bottlo, and, sitting down, began a solitary carouso. The liitlo girl sat in the deep shadow in tho verandah. She hod moved out of the light, for sho had no more right there. Kneolingin tho oornor she poured out prayer aftor prayer to tho Fathor and Brother to come to that miserable home in her dire need. Tho muai oal box had run down, and thero was no sound except tho ohuokling and laughter and mad talk talk of Arohie, tho clinking of his glass, tho hoot of tho mopoke, tho wail of the our lew, and tho distant yelp of tho dingo. So began that dismal night, tho forerunner of many more. The girl at last stolo out into the moonlight and walked to hor mother's grave, whero she Bobbed and wept herself to aleep. Bui Arohie took no notice. Ho con versed with that awful Companion, who was to him moro real than tho beings of this world. Suoh was weo Katie's Christmas Eve I Tho history of the few next days may be passed over, for the reader will not oare to hear the details ; they are best left un told. Wo must pasa on to tho final cataa tropho, not, however, without some explan ation of the causes that lod up to these ovents. Archio had gono to the littlo township down tho river, and there had mot John Wilson. We havo given our idea of this man's ohar- jd aoter before. He was not a ba^ma, but^H essentially selfish. Arohie and^^^krdh^H met, when ho blunlly told liim tho truth in re gard- to his eldest son Stevo and Annie. Stove had confessed to his father, and on tho latter refusing to sanction a marriage of two such people, ho had run away— John knew not where, nor, said ho, did ho care. Tho fact ia John wanted liis son to marry tho daughter ot a neighbouring settler who waa well in. Archio'a ra^e was terrible. Never had u stigma rested upon his family until now. It seemed liis Companion had pre pared thin in order to nerve him to tho terrible deed Mint he ilnily suggested. And he went home to do that deed. I approach now scenes of an extraordinary and supernatural character, narrated as they were told me Ijy the chief, and I must pre mise I offer no explanation. Whether, as tho materialists will hold, Archie's visions wore . the offspring of a naturally morbid mind, tho morbidity of which was intensified by the delirium that follows oxceGa, or they ?'.?? were really vieilation.s from the Drend and V Unseen Land, I cannot say. But to Archio . ., they were real. . . ? . Gbristmns Day opened. with a fearful con -?';???: .'j.llict of tho elements. Clouds blnck as Erebus ' -i-i: abut out the. sun, lightnings lit up tho gloomy ' rmnnrnnm. nml torritir. tlninHpra ro.vorhpmtp.t from peak to peak, and tho rain came down in a deluge. Archio awoke to laugh and ges ticulate and drink. Katie, ill and feverish, was to look after tho house, and to make pre ? parations to go out/with the sheep. She had gone up to tho cnvo during tho night and left provisions with Annie, who talked of walking to a distant place, to which eho thought Steve, her still door Steve, had gone. Six days passed: six days of storm and rain, during which poor Katie herded tho flock and tended her father. ? What tho grave nine soui nunereu during inai 1 wm not distress the reader by relating. Annio had gono oil' to the town, and she was left alono in this awful colitude with her half mad : father. But ihrouGhout that fiery trial :? 'there stood by her Ono who never fails those ; who trust in Him. '?:'. But on New Year's Eve she carno homo, how 'she knew not, tottering, worn out, and lay down on her couch, never to riso again. : Not a drop was wanting to fill the cup of her : /sorrows'. Her father had been working at tho ;;?' musical box, and it would not give forth a ?'note. Arid as sho lay on her couch, faint and : .?'dazed, shb saw that ho looked at her in a '.: mariner that was more like that of a fiend JJiun a man. But nature was exhausted, and she sank into a heavy sleep, the precursor of -.- ?;? that to which there is no wakintr. V; .Archio sat and' drank, and became more ;insan6' ovory hour. He knew tho terrible hour was approaching, when all would be liver, and ho gloated over it. . TJie'rairi had cleared awoy, nnd as tho even ing woro on the moon rose, and her light streamed into tho room, touching lovingly tho . : fevered face of the little. girl, almost too beautiful for earth. The man's candle had gone' out. . Ho looked at his daughter and shook his head. Opposite to him sat tho .,?': i Companion. . Ho could not toll what he was ? like ; his face changed so often. Sometimes ?it appeared that of a youth, but on whoso ' fnir .fnpn wjir nvprv mnrlr nf sin nnrt nrimp. ?-,';' ?'. .' Again it was a dark and grim countenance, ,;.::;' that of a man in the prime of his evil days. '??;?-'!' ?:':'- . 'But' occasionally it was the face, of death, a '{????':? ':; grimy skull, from the eycsockels of which ';'i\ ' ; . :carno a livid'* blue flame, that mndo the light :;?'., .' ': . : A ,'t'urri pale. .Bo tin all phases it was horrible ; ! .too horrible for even the imagination of u '; , .-'. ;- ?Blake or a Doru. ... Not unfrajuently it as '?-./ ?' ??' ; sunied a likeness to that of some of Archie's . ; ' 'Companions in sin— dead now and damned; ? ?, ','?' ^uid- then .it was moro terrible than over. ?:-'..:. ;';:rl'hese Archie would address, and ho .would. ?V'o- receive replies, hoard by none but himself, ;??':?? hut none tho ,li!S3 real. Tho Companion . : ? ? pointed to tho ?bedroom and Archio obeyed: -'??-. ?'. ?, Fora time ho could not sleep. To his sur .' ..'-prise,' the Companion vanished and was not *-?; ..''?.' .'?. ?.;?? '. to^ bo scon. This dreadfully nlarmcd hiin;; ? tho perspiration broke out upon him in streams. Tho, silence and darkness, and loneliness ?-:??]'.'': wasterrible. At last ho fell into a troubled' / . ; ? slurhber, such as alono visit men in. his state. .-?'.- : '?' It did not last long. AHe woke feeling an ?:; unutterable horror, woke to see a form at»his' ? ??.'..- bedside such as wo should pray never'to see. ':':'.'?? The form of one from the grave, loathsome .:.'.''., . - ..,'? .beyond words, clothed in a shroud of purple ??' ??:'?'?'. '? ; 'llame, all tho iiassions'of the realm of pain '..;: graven upon its dread features. Then tho :;.',... :',. . ?? man. knew his hour- wascome; that at last ': - ho was to receive his reward and to be num. -.'.'l :'.'..', bered with those who arc lost for ever 1 ';''? ??. :'./: V: 'Come,' said the Form in a voice that '?X .';!,''};:. seemed '?:.'. to cbmo ? millions of miles— deep, : ?''?'.' !?'.?'.,.? sfpulchral, unearthly. : .; ? S . : A cold hand was laid upon liis— a hand the \- '?; f ;??'? i' touch of which sent through' hia: frame the ;:.-? tortures of tho region whence this figure came. , ;?;.-'?.'.- To this day the man shows that hand, now '??'?'??':; .?.'?''?' partially paralysed with a livid weal, upon its ?'?:.'?.? '??'. .'?.-?palm'.-'. ;'?.;? .?'.??'.'.'???. ??'.:'???''???' ?':.'? ???'' Tho figure led him to the room where weo ?'. : ;,: :Kito lay' struggling with the disease that was ?..'?. ?', ;: bo: soon to claim one of the fairest flowers of ; earth— a. fate hastened by exposure and ..anguish, of theiia'st few days. Thornoon ' Ibeams had' crept arid now illuminated tho sweet ;little face, now as pale as the snow ,?;.;:. ^ y flower, now Hushed, and .pink. Tho little .; _';. . v: .breast heaved rapidly, the breath came and .? ??':'; ?. ... wont 'in flickers. ' On a little table by the ? ' couch was placed her musical box ; dumb I' .';.': i whon its ? owner wished eo much to hear its 1;.,.: ;?;'?'??.. .'..'??'Vlihy but belpyed.voice.1'.''- ?.?'? (??;:?;. ?...-'.? : .'.But. there wore moro than tho three in that m .?'-': -:?-,'?;??'. '.' room. Tho awestruck. rnan now face to face K. V ; ' with the door that his Companion had pro B... ;?:?..,?- '-.ferrod, saw tho pliice was full of companies. R: '??'.? ?;' y -: '. . .Tho ? dead were there .crowding each other, H' ; . riiocking, moving, grinning, crowding around H.° '.'/.?.?:?''? ???'?.'... /the littlo sleeper. Forms wero there which C-^-Y'- - --.belonged hot' to this earth nor to the land of K'i, : .?'?; ;: . . . ? ghosts ; fiends from : the depths of perdition [i.'S- ;:?'-.... 'come to seo this final act in tho tragedy that B.W^'i'.'''''-''.'^^^^'^^^'^'^!!!^ brother.' Kt;i ??'?'-.-' ?' ?' ?::;?'? It .seemed 'to. him .the figure .guided his BiViV. :-r;-.:t hands' to the box containing the razor, opened B ??.;'.'; ',;?.. *;,- it,' arid placed the implement in his hands. KV .-';'.'*: ilts steel blade glittered with a horrible blue in K.-;,V;;.. the moonlight. Then the figuro spoke to him R.?';i': ??' ' -in 'that; voice from the grave, and told him K*J ?,.?- Imw good it was, how well designed. He K*'i . v ; /would terminate in one moinont'his life, and ?$...? 'i'j ':.;?'' i.that'.bf tho child he loved bo dearly. The ?K ?'?:':i:\: * 'world would hoar of tho deed, and his revenge K' i ; ' ? V° complete. , To their dying day it would bo fcj,';:.V's vuvropronbh td:Annio arid the Wilsons. And ?|/;^f. ????' ;wlien;.lljo deed1 was over, all: would bo peace, B$ ? ..!:,Poaoo /or overmoro, tho peace and silence of ?^?^'?^?..v'thograve'i^V;:',,:. ?;;:'-?..'?? :.:: ? , K^'. ~'i:!.'i ',.'i 'How/tlio /ghosts and their dread comrades ?liV.;'-' .-.?''. ' laughed. .?''' And-'yet he approached tho couch. K$i.v..'.\ : ,'Hostoopod down arid lookedat tho thin wasted Bl;v :: . 'form iof /the cliild ho loved so well; he E-ii .-'-?-' .. pxamined the fair young neok. And then — ?^?'..V, : ; ..'r.''.l''athor, father,' said weo Katie, raising ?f|!;''y'' ?. . '.hoi'soif up arid throwing her arms. around his fci;.:. ?,'?? ; neok. ' 'All is well now. I have no fear, 1 K;!5- :. .. 'know^'you will yet be happy. The angels ?p ';' :' . haye'been withmo to-night, and mother, dear ?fi' .. mother,' has been here.' And they sang to me, ?Lj I:. .; . ; oh; so' .'awcotly,1'. bettor than my poor box, my Bk- :- ' poor dumb box. Father, promise mo when I Bl.' '?-, '?'??: ?';? .am .Jg6no to trust in tho dear God who has Rj. ..? .?'.b'eeh so good; to mo, who loves you so much, BS'-:^'-and who died for you. Oh, father, ho is not Bf¥;;. :v'-.'. the 'a\yful God you thiuk. He is all lovo and ?£?'?!.'-; :.: (? .fprRiyeness.' Believe in Him, father, believe R-;ie;- ? ?'??'.; in'~Hiihi 'asl do'l ' , ?;;?';?: . ? . , What sound 'was' 'this? The razor dropping ?»'?''' on the floor, tho man's knees as ho knelt down 'Wnro his eyes deceiving mm ? The horrible shadows of the night vanished, and in their place appeared some beautiful and gracious 'forms, clad in robes of light. Every moon beam had its bright vision, beaming with heavenly lovo upon tho wretched sinner. 'Katie, Katie,' he cried; 'Thereisachange. Tho itcno seems to havo fallen out of my hoart, tho shadow is lifted off my soul. And yot but a few moments Binco ' — hero he shuddered—' I was in hell, in the midst of tho spirits of tho devil and damned.' ' God has heard me, father, that is all,' said the child in reply. Ho moved to get nearer to the couch. As ho |fe did so his foot struck against the table, it ^^ swayedm^the little box fell on to the' ^^^jvoiu^^^^Kl was the cause I know not ; but ^^^Bfl^^^^^vwo started the machinery, for it at once commenced to play, its clear, silvery notes ringing through tho chamber. ' There it is father,' tho child cried in ecstacy, ' tho voice from Heaven. Don't you hear it father ?' King tho bolls of Heaven, Micro in joy to- day; For a soul returning from tho wild ! Sco tho Father meets him out upon tho way, Welcoming liis wcni-y, wandering child ! Glory 1 Glory ! how the nngcls sing, Glory ! Glory! how tho loud liarps ring? 'Tis the ransomed army liko n mighty sun, Palling forth the anthem of the Frco ! Yes I liing tho Bolls of Heaven 1 for tho long dark ness is over, tho father has returned to life and light, (he daughter is about to enter where is neither sorrow nor pain nor wear ness nor tears. King the Bolls ot Heaven ! King out tho peal of the spirits born again, in this world and in that which is to come. People came in and atood around tho bed but the father noticed them not; tho repent ant Annie, whose lover had mot her, the dear boy Willie, who had returned with them to see his little sister. For a time sho rallied, clasping the hands of her dear brother, her restored father. But when his gift came to that air which it had played tho night her mother died, the Messenger appeared, the wings of tho Angola nostlcd in the room. 'She is hero,' said wee Katie, looking up wards, at a moonbeam that lovingly rested upon the musical box. ' I hear her, I hear her. Ah 1 there it is ' — Homo, sweet home, our homo for over, Weary pilgrimages past, . Welcomed homo to wander never, Saved 'through Jesus— Homo nt lnst. , 