(F San thi &clho;) .1 ' Loxno~,' SEPTr.' 10 RussiN? influene is benlg felt ii Bulgaria, and 'isbgriniiiaig to showitseolf, in spirit of de 'fiinco'agisnstPi Ainc'ezaxiinder: This circunt' atance hlras'tonded'4to creato"'ia stemewhit strained feeoling 'between ']Ruasia 'tiat G P llieiny. ,.: , Perth, Sept. 1. Rioting of a serious clharacter is report'ed to havo' taken 'paido' it '?tAiril'iit the capital of SCroatia,lwheropublic foeling ag.itinst the Ma,-' yar polpulation has icrenrsgreatly xcitte. T~'1e peasants assemblod, in,large numbers, and on binig su'monei? y " ,thlon ilitary to disperse, 'tliey fir;ibly 'iehiste:l tlie'latt6r. "Soeoeid en counters ]itvb'sihac lrdnt'p'ac6"' With l loss of .lifeonboth sides.bnn i iii. : be: r ; da :- .Natil, Sept,'0. News lis been received that; the police at :Ore''ytosriih i'tlthe I$lt of tlOh co?I?iy, acting under derbers' friud th GVi:ninient, hatre aries' ted Dabulnlansieoa Zulunhliefif'wlio led oete. •wayo' s,forces, atthenttack on tlleBritish posi tionhat .Issiaudulu-.in.d the, -lttlJwar, E Tire $lim dinite ius'e of 'lthe, arrest lasr not, transpired, :biuit'iti'siiili 'tliit'tlioi'tlifefhf.h lm~ fenIienlt ilg the nativeso gailist tlid'Britisli1 " ! :: ,- r, ' i~:n !,w b ,4!harcBernel Sept:. 10. Thie Swiss oGovernment: ~!Ias e'ipelled: the `Miidsds Booth nid' Olmirleawortli, prominent :mieinbers; of' ~tli' Sidtimtlii' Ariiy, who worke eollgagedin formining brancheis of thii army in S w itra rlan d . l. , . S .', London, Sept.10, i iThe ~M-a quis Tseng, Chinese Ambassador has retirelad hel'fsibinil Paiis. Nothiiig is kltown regarding the dicsiboi of the Cabinlet Ii refer elce to the.?Marquis Tseng's urosals. o it ricm.r thon . Minister to China, .who had a?i interview with Le Hung Ohong, at,which tlihe' latter' ebmplaiined of havinmg beoti isllttl , :has:ieeri recalled 'front his post, ttnd :redl' ced .by. M. PatonOtro, ,Mininter .to Norway and .. t '". 7 .. ,7 j P'lbany, Sept. 1_0 (Night),t. '1ho'iP.1 a 0d",O. Cohipaiiyi's 10MS 'Clyde 'CaptidaViEdmoind~l 'anisi 'd' fioif Odldibibat I ,hmalf-psst 6o'cldooktlhis evening'. ,i H6auaia des are blowing, and there is. no comnlulication with the vessel on account of .the Weather. It '"ill pibblally be 'niomoriif fiog ~lefb i'rtl~r tele "grains are despatched.'d.- ,,;: ::o'a'a r xi;aii Hloiikong, Sept.'U at h yry, serious affuir.occurred· yietekdaly at p og, whereby thue'relations of . the s with foriatiegtrs ]iso been rendered ,far?fior 'crltical' tha' befordti. 'A Chlinauslanl, 1 "toutinlg for business, uldeavoured to get 0on board a lyesael illned the Hankow, and whilst odinig so fell into the water and was accidentally 'diowned. ' Agreat mobofCantoneo soiasoibled iwtid becanie greaitly incensed at his death, hisl ,countrynmen threatening tihe lives of the Euro peaine. ,They attacked and burnt thl whole'of tthe houses in the vicinity of the wharf where tI HaeInkow,'was lying. The foriegnors fled, 'iild'tdok'refuge on board the sliippilig inl thie rivei: .' Order was subsequently rnstored' bl, bthe: Chinese troops, who were suimotoned to supjpros the disturbaice. , , , do.ii' Hoingkong, Sept.11 (L?ter). '" d1iibecii'di't·: bon the serious'? disturbanco vwhich ookl plac: aot Ointon, threl Brifim guln-' botathihoeobeen despatched ther i .'" i - J TIes RnEsULT OF WROLE8ALE DMitNK NRKN.9 I ?Theo.pswjich corrospondent:of the Brisbane' ogre, tgrgapbingunder date Septemiber; 5,' wit'es?'-- "h' caise against Willielm Feolhnerr 'and iAlgust n Glntiji'? for thell niiudo of.OiCl . 'Groinku?'at Taurtoipa"' onl the 23rd' Augot'iv' s resumed ,this; mlornhing. ;A 'farmer named ,,W.enko stated that hloe saw thoeprisoner Fech-. i nr' istritko' do nseed over thl heoad with a stick, i wh?lhliifelled iiu' to"tli'gi" d.' i ix tdin i schi-a iamination,. thiowifnessstated thit hel hid liid t jtwo, glasses .of 'a beerthat'dayl:at 'Paokleppa's a thouso.,'| Hwantedi mnore but;thoe landlord oull ot g ie it to hlim. " 'Ho saw the deceased I 'athik4 hlbtidr snlliwi'ltlia p?idee o f: olbid.' Pri -sotiier Feclifaer,'trtieclk'. hii."' ;In' 'iimlhver to' Senior-sergeant O'Driscoll, witness baid headid v not see anyone drunkthat dnay, but he saeiw. thei blood flovii' ,frns Fapgen's head. .'Amelia: K~eiifi tiAted' t'iitt' shi suit' to' Packlepia's on' thelio 23rd' August to bringhier heuband'l hoiie; bho:shawathle.deceassd threl with 'anpieeo:f y wpodd in his hanud, but she did not see him striket toe oe'.d SaYw Fechnerstrike the deceased over i t 'tlihe tl 'vitt a ivater-bottle. D eeiiimid 'fell j '"d64n'mil his face,: and ashe' did 'iot A lii ??'~get :up again. L Feolhner went into tihe pulblic-houseb, te got, oe.ne gin, and came and poured it over:do e?ecd'asld head.'. Saw prisoner.,Gramps sittiSfg oi' n b a6'deasld 'ith ai 'knife in Irisn'hand:b HBelird hliitgi say hd' wold'skimi the decedased. ,Theikhifolvisi not' pon?: Did nit'sd ie Gitifis .strikesthe deceasedl.,u Iorlhusband wsas'druk. aiind ,ll thloret, qpwrender..tho influeice ofi ;lij1uoi':6 Slni.4itr' a mIan 1nislm~ad 1anpispari.there I' '*ii 'lii: hmili il':'cmitiid Il' iia ch~d:?overeb with~j !bldodl :Allie'rtiBiddlt,i'fifiiid itti'i(Thiliia, .fstated that. hewas at'Packleppi's .Hdtelo n th'e day~ii, question. ' Assiian inamedlsHaasochal- fi lng hii to fight. Cononcedu,to fight ithIi "'asiemo ii"tlhl''veniidhlih.'; The?y btlt fell ;ff t "Ho:thleni:Hansvish tliheground, raid ?irit aw el 'n, nl rleftilhimn.l'iHaanse' ifterivards'icasnir liiik r 1with.a stick an;nigain challenged him ta fight. ti He declinel tp¶d so,~and;,??toE broke lthe i iiv ihlier lie wassitting and the bke 'glass fellahlh'bvi' hiiii"' SawG Grainiis lyingh ad ;tie groiind and)Hiase 'strilking him. ?"-Shmirtly n'a(terwards saw i'echlner istriko ldoceasedinover? ? the'leiAmd'wlith a piece 'of woiid. Deceased fell t down whnlin,e was struck. Ini crosse-oxanmina. t ,tisli~j'-B?3?. {)luiubb? 3H~;~'rthn~tatd 'that; lib6]mdl •beeu arirestedoin-a chaigo of' being cbiice;ni'e b in the miurder,. bitt was dischirged,. He:said thOerw ore about..50 personls .present at! the i ih'dibtlint'at 'fterno?ln " enjoying tlhemnselvos.' v 'BSoji~ihad 'todo'uiih to d'rink -and otlibrsi:linad T onhly amlittle al'Tho wife of theodecodiaisd htiated ,tlint seho:fuund'?ier husband' lyinim besidethe! £ lamp-post on.his face., His mnouth~,wasifull of r lijod.' "Had hlim convoyed into towvn!l~extda,I It but hIii'?i" mopibkeo' a .worl" Tlihr ~oi'ro no a 'witn'essi 'called for th e' ilcfinii,"'a;id th'e' p|ri. ,soners:1wero 'committed: for triMl: iriBiil',re • fused.'!,3R,..,;, .. i, o; w : r ub Jud) ad a LaST IN THE i SOW.-DEATH OF THE CTM. -A telegram in Tuesday's issue of, the Sdneyl lHerlir anillibtiaced 'tioa de'dtli 'of l 5?r.'JF.'D: Ire .land, :son! 'of :the late Mr. R.' D. lIrbelhid' the p eminent barrister of, Victdria.nTlie nuifortimhate p ;omingi geitlemian's death was; caused ,hy oxpo- a sure, and bein.g overtaike?ir?lia snio--sto!r, of t WnuICa sae llmnowing particulars are given y t ~hoe ..Alpfne Obterrer :- " It njiiiears' thi;tlon. It'uesdpy afternoon, September 4 Mfr. J: King, a .Ilanager.of the Italians claim ait.OCbungra, re plrted that he had fouind Mr. Ireland in, an i Idiuoht" ininini'ate conldition,' buried itn the t .iow, on: the Omen6 track, about 'ninoe'tiiles a f'o:nl,r:rietville. He atteonmpted t conveyi i[,r. Irehijd to Harrietville, but was cinnpelled I 'f l*?l:ve hini by the roadside to seuk assistance. t WThen Mr. King returned with a jparty, ho :found that,-although'not an hourluid elapsd, t'to body was almost covered with the falling a .auow. ,iAt first doubts were' entertained as to .the. possibility of restoring vitality.: The 'body was .perfectly rigid, and all expressioio n gone frome the countenance. In about' three hours Mr. Ireland recovered.L ' He ' statesr ltlhat!hi was desiricns of crossing the mountain t ,frmn" Gippaland to the Nortlh-eastern' district,' aoLd left on the morning of the 29th August.' he-trtavelled for four days the whole tinto ilt t ,smoor, through the Dango Plains, the track bid- c rlng asobadly blazed that heo Ist himself, and on s .Suturday l.tst,: the 1st instant, returned to liis) .starting place.. He minde fresh start on Mt[o- I day mlorning the 3rd instant. When lie got. well ,n to the Dargo Plains it begaul to snow i ,heavily, :Rounding Freezeont the snow was. tihest deep and he was compelled to crawl on t lhis hands and knees for.a cImnsiderahle distance. .Shortly after the snow fell so thick, and bliw .souiuitcely into his face that he obecame coti ,fused, and knew not "where to look for thie I shelter hle had been: striving to get to. Hla ,head became giddy, and h'le was falling ovre logs and scrub. Heo ultimately became Iltsen .sible,anid was almost buried in sinow.. ' " ' ! ,r A return hall to the mayor of Ynss (Mr.- E. A. Icuton) is to take place on the 5th Octo ber. . . ,IA fatal:accident occurred o:n Tuesday 'hfter ?un,tntonthe railway cutting between Home bhush and .Waratah, at a spot where blasting had been going on all day. Seven fuse-holes were .reauly.for.ilring, three of them,, including-the long fusq, hpving actually ignited,. whci: the ng.tue, pretltturlcy exploded, -causing the death of. qg?orgo Mackenzie,, and, se.rious jiinjriea to Owes Geaynur. A fEltiiic.s ~lSTAKE.-The Maldtiit tofr?t potndetit of the Argtus givet tlie followitig pttf. ticttlafs of ih tsiseiillt oil it frtnilo Whi, was Instattkut f?t at ghost!--t A few higltes ago Mrs. miller was returning home, and, whilst waiting for a frtichd at a street corner, whi lla isod by ia yioung man, who, gftei gouing piat her a few yalds, roturned, knocked h.ir dowti, and struck her, giving her two blitck eyes aiid in dieting otiher itijttrice. 3efloie leaving her he tnol her he thought he had given her enough. oII ;teachillg hllitC she inforined her friciillR, whl at (nce comiulll,i-ated lvith thu police,. but as she could not give ahiy description of the f person who assaulted her, the ttiattetreinained SiImysterY, llti'thlts have for some time past bllen current that ghosts have been seen in the neighbourhood of the place where the assault took place, and the following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbourhood f appeared as usual, but with a bandaged and helpless hand, and informedIr his customers that hle had been lighting with the ghost. This tlorning on hearing that Mrs Miller's case was in the hatids of the police, he at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that she was reklly the ghost he had attacked, he offered a moost ttbject apology; It is not known whether this has been accepted." Tna Di?COVEItY OF RELICS OF LA PERousE's X' xDEDITmO. ? tcgardin, tIle disCO rery of relics of La Perouse's e?peditollI, the M'aryberoeugh Ch1ro.lltc (Queensland) says: "A discovery Was reported to tllose on board the schooner Ethel, which arrived on the 30th August from Polynesia, by M. Emile Vedel, first lieutenant of the French warship Bruat1 wiho boarded'the Ethel at Vanacoula last nidnthi- .L Vedel stated that, in eors.tjiuththe oe information re-. ceived front some natives of the existence of Wr'eckage for generations past, a, search, was made on a coral reef at the entrance to a bay in the island of Santa Cruz. The reef was blown tip with dynamite; and embedded in, it were clearly discemnable piltdid e'itrmitmtent attd iteaV? wteelisgd. Owing to the growth of tthe Coral on the ironwork, most of tile pieces too heavy to be lifted on board, the Bruat was unable to bring away any nmore than two brass cannon and two anchors of very ancient pattern. These were, however, in such a state of preser vation as to afford proof that they.had bes longed to the ill-fated La Perouse's expeilition. A learching iiqtriliiy ii t gifi' olifitedl that the tnItivti~ have a tradition that two large ships were wrecked iu the bay several generations ago, and a number of those on board got ashore. They commenced to build a new vessel, but before it could be completed the whiite men all fell ill and died, Lieutenauitt Vedel did not state Wihether those on board the Brent made any search on the island for records; but as the discovery of wreckage will no doubt stimulate the French Government to institute a complete investigation, that very desirable atep will no doubt follow in course of time." NEW GUL'EA EXPLORATION.- A telegram to a Brisbane newspaper se New Guinea explora tion says, under date Port Moresby, via Cook town, August 13:-" The Age correspondent I has been plundered of mnuch property by in land natives. This is the first trouble with the inland tribes since foreigners arrived on the island, and took place only about 10 miles fromn the coast.' The AiJtrgs correspoindent is at Sogen with Professor Denton ; both are living in the 1 old mission-house. .The Argls party: at Port Moresby is likely tQ get into trouble for poison ing tlhe natives' dogs. This is the first time such ai thing has been - done. Mr. Ohalmers I has returned from Brown River, 40 miles froms the coast. He could find no natives, and says it is .a splendid country. All the. mission I party are well. The mission schooner Ellan gowan is expected daily. The hunting season of the natives is now on, but will soon be over, .when a large trading party goes west forsago." ý'FATAL Gux AccIDENT.-Thil Miuunig River t Times reports a sad accident which occurred at Dumnaresque Island on tile afternoon of the 1st instant.' 'It appears that two sonis of Mr. Norton a resident of the island, had been to r tile Dawson cenmetry to see their mother's grave I And where returning Ihome. The elder of the n two, Jolhn, , had a dtuble-barrolled gun with I hilm, and h~id shbts'a 'niutb'orC if wlidtst-it?toes. t When near home they siairtsoniSfiif6?O, an'd' Jolhn remarked that hlie had no more caps, on which the youngerrsaid hoe had .twoi in ,his, pocket mnid gave tlihem ato llim.i? 'Jhir fird olie'i barrel andkilled a abird,aid .withbut tiakiiig` I the gun'from lhis shoulder aimed at anibther,' and pulledlthil triggoer at the lolilment his younger brotlieriwhlo wSaTuiiknowr'to liim.in * tihe line of fireogot.ip 'ndir'eceiviid the chlirgeg a in the back of the head. The unfortunate boy f da killed~instahtiy.?':, -:- - t ;ý'.' A:VI~tsiIA.AcKED nY SwnnRIFIsi.-Graf- t ton, Monday. A most interesting-scene --was - witnessed at, the Clarence Heads yesterday, I when a large whale was observed being'ittacked d by two tlirashers. or swordfish. The i sea -all around was lashed' into foam ba,,the whale whilst under the agony of the persltehnt attickb- ' of its formidable assiilaiststbfi'6ni *iholnm it! ' could not escape. This exciting scene lasted Ipwards of two hours, and when fisl'il'iotided was not distant more than half a niills frotih the' South Head. The whale gradually drew alittle off shore, and its spouting.boculiig, g?iadually feeobler showed tlhat it v'i b poitel x hiausted. When last seen the wh?ide wns about two miles off, aiid it is believedhlitld, then? suce eumbed to its foes. The two swgrdfish isould. rise out of the water and strike thewirhalo-iWithI terrific force. TITho.' iolent) stragglesloft the huge sea animal showed the intenseopaine-.n flicted upon it by the repeated tllruts:friii-the swords. A passing steamer was attracted to the scene by the unusual conrmmotion in the c' water, and came in close, evidently tt?audcrihll the cause of the disturbance, n~b tli?u body of the whale appeared like an imentesd rock,o'roverM which tihe waves were dashing. Wliiles have , been visible on this part of the coast for solfie days past. The people at theohi~adi are"- now 1 on the look-out for the body of -th' iwhalei which it is expected will soon fldat as'lord Telegram to Ec?o. .aT -.t.S. ! A womlan recently lost a purse containing £200 between Hay and Wnagga, and.thle finder. returned it, refusing any rnwardit~hle- aii. " F lost her purse conltainingll £110, which was found and returned through the police, thile woniaus rewarding the finder with 12/6. .a:'l.-- a-L SGeorge -Stephenson, who was arrested on warrant at Pyrrmont on Saturhay last onra_ charge of comnmittilng an extuen'tivo'"rbboery at the Naval Brigade Hotel, was siiroint- uji' ;it remand at tile police court oinFriday The property alleged to have been sttlei 4P y tlhi prisoner consisted of moaney and 'jiAelleri; altogether valued at £120. f-Ho wIse commlt- 1 ted to take his trial at thel?. ~ila'rtfi'~sBsstins on UUu 4%L1 iiLANIi. 11 1uIiivoIUI 1ny Iul Iiig Ilil1Kull outside the court the prisoner was-arrested- on another charge of jewellery robbery. -The: '. M.. Herald says' theu danger which' is at tinies assaciated with the ganie of fooit ball was fully shown in the case of a boy named William Enaton, on Saturday afternoon in Mooro.Park. : It appears that he h Iad the? ball in his possesion, and was running. across the ground, when another boy rushed ,up and pushed him over, with the result of breaking 1 his right Ihigh. He was taken to the hospital 1 and the injury attended to. . About half-past ten o'clock on Suniday morn ing the dead body of a man, whose name is at present unknown, was found in the scrub about aquarter. of- a mile from the Bunerong rord, near R andwick. The deceased appears to bo nbout sixty years of ago, is five feet six inchdes is height, medium build, faiiicompluxion and has grey hair and whiskers ; he had on two pairs of dark tweed trousers, a blue sergue coat and black vest, and he also wore .old elastic side bonts. Tle'plieoiu ar anxiousa to obtain any informnation which might lead to the identifieantion of the deeeased..;- SMr. Andrew Morton, who for nmainyyears was commander of one the other of the. Port Jacksoan ,Steiiniiihp , Comilany'i s Boats. died vry?sudilenly, it his residence Manly,oni sun day morninu. Henwas in the act of dressing when he fell and expired almost inunediately. A ma1n lnamed Ernest Wood, whoi was found inra helpless state by a coIstabll, was conl vueyed (tc the Sydney hospital on Saturday, niht , wtiduri` s'?itehaprpeculiar circumstinics. ' Hu was completely speechless, and shortly after adl?uisaion wrote Ia statenienlt to the leTect that lhe was standing at the cornier of CaImpbell street when 11 man walked up to him and kicked him in the stomach, knocked hinm dow I' alitL poured sonime liquid over his mouth. and eyea:,a.,'lhih took away his sensres. UIIponx aoinnation it was found' that his eyes were very iiuchb inflanied; he was very drowsy, kind .Mro marks of violence albout tlie body. Up to a l.ate hour on Saturday ni-ht Iho had not re-. cov'errd speech. 'rho affair is a Imost lilys f torious ione, and the police are unable ,to gaini any further infbrtiatlon rospoeting it.i-, 't The Blue Ribbon Army is making great head. way in Newcastle, itld the Saltation Army is rapidly extending itself oves Lantbton and Wallsend: .e d •e A little but fi e fea rd ofl; di?d "at y?ntiey last Saturday night through drinking half-a-pint of whisky incautiously left within his reach. A gauger employed on the Beechworth fail. ways was killed on the line on Tuesday mont-' ing by a train, which ran over him, cutting hini in pieces: , ' . 1.1 1,r1' :llobert' FatLnei- atrni te ile.. ritous intiu durer, is to be hanged at BalitLtBttin 'the 20th' instant: .. ; .. , , -'Ai bescaped Frenich ?nconnunis.t was aroiated at Ballarat. on Tuesdiay, tiie ' 1 act'bf iittempt iig a daring robbery. I Telegrams'fio·n New South Wales to Tea inaiia will: in fuiturebe charged 'iiathe redtced rate of 3/- 'for ten words,'.!and' Sd. for every ad ditioa hlt oftt-, '? '."` ",,'i, . :. -,", a ,!,; 'It is iuideirtdoad thkt the ,Vibtoristi''govern ment intend to call for tohdori for -the works necessary to make it permament.:opening into the Gippaland Lakes:.,. , : A- public invitation .liie beei forwhe'ded to the mitisitty to visit the Macleay, RiVer di- triet. A shepherd named George Garham, sixty. five years of ago, committed suicide near Glen Innes on Saturday last; he first fired a gun into his mouth, and this not proving fatal he then nearly severed his head from his body, with a razor. The drought is being severely felt at Cobar, Nymageo, and Mount Hope, and on the Dar ling River. The Darling is very low, and fordable by teams at any of the crossings. A Dane named Fritz Peterson, confined in the Parranmatta jail for vagrancy, hanged hinm self in his cell on Monday night. A leading Parisian dentist, who complains that business is bad even for the teeth, set up as a matrimonial agent. He arranged an aristocratic marriage, anti his commniasion was to be 50,000fr, The bridegroom refused to pay, hinted the dentist was only a " procuress." Thle 'court awarded 1000fr. comlpensation. The Convention of delegates from the Austra lasian colonies is definitely appointed to be hold in Sydney during tholehtt week iii"6ir'oii ber. 'Mr. Wright, minister for works, lias in creased from 7/- to 7/6 tile wages of me?n' in the flying gangs and other railway-labourers who, are liable to loss of time from wet weather.' - ' 'A fatal accident occurred on - the Maitland road, near Warratah, on Monday. A young man named William Crook was riding 'a horse at a great speed, in company with some com panions, when thieltorse dashed him against a tree: 'His skull was split, and`"death was in istantanecedis A STRnAO CAsz.-Dr. Marr of Eaglehawk, 'Vjetoria, wasrecently committed for trial.on a ,?ihargig of'slhdting at' i womhan'who was sup ,posed.to be his wife, but -l'o appears to have hbeen really his housekeeper. He was bailed out of prison on condit ion that he shouldlinarry thie wonian. . He went almost'frotn jail to the altar and etarried the woman, who is thus precluded from giving evidence against him. The evi denoo'left doubt of lis intention to shaoot-at the woman or at some other person, and slie showed throughout a strong desire to shield himi, which she has now probably effectually done.o 