X Blew Song by Our Shepherd Kings. ouii t'uriuo i-asds; Taiu Australia. Ootl'n gift to tho p6or» IIow thankful tho poor outfit, to bo That millions of ucrcs tire Government store. Knock 'em down miction hammer with gleo ; Never heed tho heirlooin of the poor. 'Which nature to children of earth, j In her goodly bcneHconcc left at each door, I From the timo of their trial—their birth ; I A pretty lino joko, we're to yield I irappy homesteads to industry's *ons, While our thousands of ucrcs— a field Fill our ' shed:) ' with the 4 stapio ' in tons. They complain that when carrying goods Up mountains, through crooks they must go, And want, us to level tlio roud*, And make hridqas ti 1c ad ti the 1 enow.* Yon, wo'll net on the levelling thoine, Never fear but we'll bridiro ye, my boys, 'We'll support our uplifting scheme, Looking well to our wealth and our joys ; Antipodean nrc wo to a man, lly oppositcs rule we the roost, We'll claw and we'll clutch ull wo can, Till we give up the gold and the ghost; Then hurrah for that power which might O'er right ha.-} long given to gold. H. M. Nowra. Han lan Victorious Again.— Hanlan beat Wallaco Ross on tho 20th ultimo in a sculling race by 20 lengths. — Echo. A NiiW - newspaper- - is_.Jm.ving tho sermons of Spurgeon tolographort in full across the Atlantic immediately on their delivery. The Printers Register says : — Tho Clock , au evoning newspaper to bo puhlished in hourly editions from noon to sunsot, is, wo understand, to bo issued from tho olfico of tho Times at a halfponny a copy. It will consist mainly of news, including all tho homo and foroign tele grams, nows being, it is sain, tho groat want of the London newspaper reader. For heavy weights tho Hickey family, of Mason county, IU., make quito a respectable showing. Tho .father weighs 4S01b. ; mother 2SG ; oldost daughter, 307 ; second, 275 ; third, 260; first son, 220; second, 202; third, 260; fourth, 177. Mr. Hickoy had two sisters, the oldor weighing 3101b., and tlio younger 270. tho avorngo weight of tho family is 2771b., and all aro living. Tiie Irish Informers.— Tho following tole gram was received by tho Evening News from Adolaido on Monday last : — Considerable excite ment has been caused by tho recoipt of a tele gram from Albany, announcing tho arrival and departure for Adolaido of tho stoamship 1'athan, belonging to a colonial lino, which is said to have aboard cortain Irish characters of noto. No further intelligence can bo obtained owing to the defectivo condition of tho cable. A com parison of tho datos, howovor, leads to tho supposition that tho characters referred to aro identical with tho Irish informers (Kavanagh, Smith, Hanlon, and Polor Carey) who a few weeks ago wore shippod from Loudon, their destination boing kept private. Tho Pathan, which comes to tho colonics via Colombo, will arrive in Adelaide on Thursday or Friday. An lixciTiNG Ooean Race. —A telegram from Newcastle to the Evening News on Monday last, says: — A peculiar ocean race was termi nated yesterday by the arrival of tho barques Otago and Christine. Both loft Newcastle about eight months ago for tho Gulf of St. Vincont. whenco they sailod togothor for Algea Bay. Thoy noxt left in company for Mauritius and anchored within a fow hours at the same bnoy. Thoy were chartered thero by the same agont and quitted anchorage at tho samo hour, bound for Melbourne. The\' passed Capo Otway on the same day, quitted Port Phillip at tho samo hour, and arrived . at New castle within two hours of each other. Boforo catching tho south-east trado winds thoy wero bocalmed together, and on sevonil occasions boats woro lowered and the masters mutiially entertained e.ioh othor. Such au ovont is almost unparollod. ??,'.? I'iik Charges oi? Heresy Against .tub Rev; J. Osisokne. — Tho inquiry into the charges for liorosy proforrod . ai-iiiust ? the ' Rev. J. ? Osborno, Minister of tho York-street Wosloyan Church, was concluded i, yesterday, by 'the district meeting.' . After the-: evidonce .- had '.boon' coinploted, Mr. Osborne addressed tho meeting and thon withdraw, '.that his presence might in uo.way otnharrass the decision. After long und . caroful consideration, the following resolutions , wero .adopted That aftor. . hearing Mr. Osborno's frank declaration of his belief it the Deity of tho Lord Josus . Christ, in liis atone ment for sin by His death, in the D.-ity of tho Holy Ghost,, in tho ?'.plenary, inspiration of tho Holy Scriptures, and in the olficacy of prayer, having heard also his declaration of sincere attachment to Methodist doctrino gonorally as oinbodiod in our ackuowkedgod standards, wo cordially accept his statements as full and satisfactory. At tho samo timo wo regret that his motliod of presenting thoso truths is at times so inexact as to produce tho impression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrino. 2. In referanco to tho semon delivored in the York-street Church on Sunday ovoniiig. April 22, 18613, on Roman Catholicism, we aro convinced that Mr. Osborno is sound in the doctrino of Protostantism us hold by tho Methodist Church. Sot from tho evidonce we are satisfied that in tho former part of his discourse ho was so uugardod in his statoraont as to appoar to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards. 3. That the president communicate the forgoing resolutions to Mr. Osborne.' — Abridged from Herald July 21. . 