POETLASD. I (IBOM OU& OWK CORRESPONDENT. ) July 9. A ploughing mafffh meeting vas held at the London liotel on Saturday afternoon, which was by no bo well attended as it rf\onld hare been. There were a number Oi farmers in town from Bridge water, Narra- wong, and Condah, and Mr. John Desmond was present to represent Hey wood Mr. J. Dawkms attended from Myamyn, but the Bridgewater and Narrawong people kept aloof, which is the more unaccountable when one considers that ploughing matches are arranged for their advantage and not for that of townspeople, who have hitherto had pretty nearly all the work to do, and more than their share of responsibility. Mr. J. B- Woods was moved to the chair, and briefly stated the object of the meeting, which was to receive the statement of accounts for last season, and fix the date and plce of next meeting of competitors. TbeTioiil Bee., Mr. F. M'Rternin, read the balance sheet which has ' not yet been audited. It showed a balance in hand of 9s 4d, and' a total, with £3 3s yet to come in, of £3 12s 4d. Mr. C. Allen moved that the balance sheet be re ceived, which was agreed to. The next business was the 'election of officers for the current season, and the Chairman before proceeding further, moved a vote of thanks to Mr. F. M'Kiernin, for the able manner in which he carried out the Committee's in structions last year. Mr. J. Desmond seconded the motion, and said how pleased he felt to see a young man show so great an interest in what affected the district be lived in. The motion, was warmly carried. The Chairman said that he wished to see some other gentleman occupy the position of President, and suggested that the Mayor or Mr. &. M&theson; should be asked. As there seemed some doubt as to Major Trangmar accepting, he moved that Mr. Matheson be invited to take the chair this year. Mt. VT. Heaney seconded the motion, which was unanimously carried, and the Secretary was instructed to write Mr R. Mathieson on the subject. Mr. Hughes, of Oakbank. was elected Vice- President. On the motion of Mr. J. Dau kins. seconded by £?r. J. Desmond, the following gentlemen were nominated to 6erve on the Committee Messrs, \Y. Doff, W. Taylor. J. Wilson, J. C. White, W. Heaney, C. Allen, W. Hanlon, J. Desmond. J. Dawkins. and J. R- Woods. The Chairman said it was necessary for them to arrange the match earlier this season than last, the first or second week in August was quite iate enough, and he wonld sugscst that the present meeting be adjourned to that day week, when the date of the next match would be fixed. Mr. J. Vine had eenerously offered to contribute £5 and provide a suit able piece of ground ; he merely mentioned that fact, not because he wanted Portland to monopolise the matches, but to assist in guiding the next meeting in fixing the scene of operations. Mr. W. Heaney stated that he bad seen Mr' Sutton Hanlon on the same subject, and he had mentioned that it was understood the next match should be held at Karrawong. If that was arranged he would rive £5 towards the Society's funds. Mr. J. Desmond said they might as well fix Condah as Karrawong, but to this Air. W. Heaney demurred, as there were not two acres there that could be selected for such a purpose. The meeting then adjourned till Saturday next, at 12 noon. On being inter viewed after the meeting. Major Trangmar declined to accept the position of President. The conversation during the past day or two has related chiefly to the steamer " Dawn's " recent doings while in attend ance on the ship "George Hoper." The " Dawn " seems to drop on cases of distress almost instinctively, ana in this instance Capt. Smith is deserving of all possible praise for the judgment and energy he displayed daring the time he was in attendance at the scene of the disaster. The " Dawn " ran a great risk, and so did Capt. Smith, for had anything untoward happened, he would probably have lost his certificate, particu larly as be was acting solely on his own responsibility. Had be managed to get the ship off, the Company would have netted between five and six thousand pounds ; as it Is, they are to receive £500 for services rendered during two successive tides. It is possible there may be a farther bonus, though I am not in a position to speak with any certainty. The steamer sustained some damage, which, however, is not very serious, and it happened in this way: — The ' Dawn 'r was fast to the ship, tugging with might and main, when tbe current, setting on her quarter, caused her to swing so as to bring her at an angle with the hawser. The rope parted, carried away tbe half-round, tbe bits, tbe wheegratings, part of tbe rail and the compass-stand, injuring the second officer. Mr. A. Nicol, and a passenger named 5 wan sod, son of the contractor for the recently-completed railway station at West Portland. Captain Smith had repeatedly warned the passengers to keep out or tbe way, and Mr. Nscol was in the act of forcing them back when the accident happened. The injuries tbe two sustained are not serious, and though Mr, Nicol was left behind in Melbourne, be will be ready to resume bis duties next trip. Both, however, received a severe shaking. Captain Smith tells me that while they were in attendance on the ship, all bands were kept at work night and day, without a chance of obtain- i ing "a wink of sleep. It seems a pity that the Captain of the " George Roper n did not accept Captain Smith's offer to take off 300 tons or so of. cargo, for had such been done, it is more than probable tire vessel would have been got off It has been stated in one or more of tbe 5IeIbourne papers that Captain Smith refused to take cargo. That is not a fact but it is perfectly true that he re fused to go alongside to take it. I suppose you have heard that the ship and cargo have been sold to Messrs. Alfred Shaw and Co. for £3600. It is time we were hearing something about candidates for the three vacancies in the Borough Council to be filled on the 9th of next month. The retiring councillors are Messrs. Marriott, Schofield, and Be van., who, I presume, will come forward again. Not a word has been beard, so far as I know, of any new candidates coming forward to con test the seats. I know of no one at all likely to stand, but, then, you never can tell what or who may turn up. For some nights past the people of West Portland have been sore troubled with a "Ghost" which haunts the vicinity of toe railway station at me most unortho dox hour of eight o'clock. Women and children have been scared half out of their wits, and the most marvellous tales are told of the vagaries of what credulous people really beliere to be an unearthly visitant. Borne fool or other is amusing him or herself in a most eccentric fashion, and it is a wonder to me that the police have not in wait and grabbed the spirit, or tliat some of the men folk in the neighbourhood have'not treated his ghosts hip to a charge of sparrow shot or saltpetre. Rough as the evening was last night, tbe spirit walked as usual, and some boys commenced pelting it with stones, but the "ghost" walked, stalked I suppose I ought to say — towards them, whereupon the idiots took to their heels in fear and trembling. It is more than likely a systematic raid will be planned for thiB evening when I warrant me a capture 1 will be effected, and I sincerely trust, a i salutary example made of the culprit. 4 Tbe weather all yesterday was intensely cold, wet, and boisterous. The wind felt as if it flew direct from an iceberg, as very possibly it did. The steamers, "Dawn" and " Nelson" arrived in port on Saturday night, the i former with about 70 tons for Portland Weather permitting, both will sail on Tues day morning. The Secretary of the P.C.C. I>y made up tbe batting ana. bowling averages for the one ox uie most , successful ever recorded. Tbe club played > IS matches in all, and only lost one tied > another, the former with Branxholme, and j the latter with Hamilton. The particulars ' are as follow BATTDTG AVERAGES. S£rsa'-&'s= a . Karnes. L-||i:g= £ . r . J. Judo" .. i 37oj 10 Hil 0 >7-0 O. G. Woods i >03 16 401 7 12-8 A. Dempster j use !8 4fl 2 11-8 B. Bees I 45. 6 19; 0 9-0 F. JPKieniin .. ' 13J, IS,' Ml 1 6S A. E. Jones I Kl1 16 171 5 0-5 J. Phillips CSj 16 IS 6 6-7 AJSEnsro 39; si 14 0 5-0 A. Waznock ..... ... j .38! Ill 16 .5 4-7 6\. Amber.- ! 17; s! 7i o se Mr. Artberispdre. Mr. J. B- -poodle prize for highest mom .gainst Momto 2HJ&25 'k Dempster, tart-lnnlnge, BOWLING AVERAGES. s A- i i Mmms <5=5 0-J -g 2 | so&ei; g £ | J.James- livl 28 is! TIM A. Dempster SOS. 22S 63 AS, S-2 J. Phillips 5S6 S49 46 lb 6-5 R. Bees 12) 1 2| 1 S Mr. Mathcson'g prize. Mr. Rose'e prize for best bowling against Mount Gambler, w on b\\- J. Phillips, 10 wickets for 4 runs. SPECIAL FHIZXE. Decided by the Hatch Committee. Given by Mr. G. G. Woods. — Colts bat, S. Archer. Giren by Mr. G. 3. Wilson. — W icke t-beeplng, A. 3. Jones. Given by Mr. Phillipe.— Fielding, F. H'Eiermn. Given by Mr. J. & Chart es. — Improvement, G. G. Woods. 