Tlie Lover up a Tree. Well, here's a atuation. For a young man up £ tree: With a bull-dog standing under, Looking lovingly at me ! Treed ! by all the arts of C-apid ; Like a ; 'possum, or a 'coon ' What an aspect for a lover, By the dim light of the moon I Came to serenade my Julia; Lightly climbed the garden-wall: Tuned iny guitar'neath her window, Yonder where the shadows fall: Got as far as " Sleep, my darling, " \- When a deep base bow! wow! won! . Ont of tune"aad time saluted me— I hear its echo now. : And a snapping dose behind me, Warned,me a foe was near: • So I beat a quick retreat from there, And found s, lodgment here ! : As I chmbed this smooth sianthns, I felt a something tear ; Ijet s see: yes, here's a rent behind: I know how it came there ! Plague take the canine creature! Wagging his stiff bob-tail, • As though he thought his narrative Would finally prevail! JBut such dogmatic arguments Have no effect on mo, : And such waggish illustration 5 With my temper don't agree, louder where the suowy cortsin • In the mellow moonlight shines, Unconscious of my sad mishap, -•-•-- My Julia dear reclines. \- I would not iiow for all ihe wdrld, That she should see me here, Dangling m this old alanthus, 1 ^S ith a white flag in my rear! Oh 1 for a hit of strychnine, : Or a poison -of some sort! I'd stop the wagging of that toil, And ail this canine sport; 'Tie midnight, and I hope if now A ghost is on the jog, He'll come this way and frighten on Tins most pugnacious dog. If fairies in the moonlight dance, I trust some light carouser Will come and ' play dog' for a while With this infernal "Bowser!" The merry stars seem laughing III their places up afar,. But I am looking downward On a dangerous dog star. When Actaaon looked ouDiau, With her iiaked nymphs around, The angry-huntress changed the bold Intruder to a hound. Oh I for the power to change this dog Into a strapping fellow! * I'd mount him in a mirrate, And torn his hart to bellow. Bark! what is that?—an old torn cat Around the porch is crawling: Poor Tom! Tve a fdlow feline 3?or your sad caterwauling! Kow Bowser heaxs him i see, he turns J Seek J catch.him I bite him, Bowser' Confound the twigl its fastened in The rent within my trowscr! He's gone!; and dog and cat are seeD in mad and desperate chase ; , 'lis a -very proper time, I think, For me to leave this place. 1 , 0 Julia t sleep!: sleep sound, my love I O do not wake justyet, To view tlie rent inrmy trowserloons, Made by your canme pet! " And if you never wake uistil My soft guitar you hear. You'll slumber till oldGabriel'shom Shall break your sleep, my dear! r Childeood shows the man, as morniflS shows the day.— Milton, . 