VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. BY TELEGnAPB'. Meldourne, Saturday. Abe Victorian Amateur Turf Club held a meeting to-day at Cap! field, but. owineto the stormy weather which prevailed, there was only a limited attendance. Tho following were the results SEr.I.lM V RACE, Of 59 e0v3. Winner to b- told for £100; eclllag nllowancst. four fnrionts#. S. MHKr's b c Anagmtc, by Q ictious— Acrostic, 2 yr«, nil,. _ 7st 4lb Allnmler b K. XaltlantiB b o Kit KnbblcJ, 3 yrs, uil» 8at 91b, Maitl.mt! 2 S. O. CcoY b f The Kyaph, 9yra( <62S. "atOlb.Wlinamioa 3 Qnees "Elizabeth and Plato also started. - Letting : 5 to 4 7. Nymph, 6 to 2 Kit Nabbtes, 4 to 1 Anagram. Queen Elizabeth was quiokest away, but was soon pa63ed by Anagram, who maintained bia position to the finish, and won by a neck from Kit Nubble?, who came very fr.?t at tbo distance. Nmpliwus third, three lengths away, Qhoen Elizabeth came next, and Plato was last. Time, 5m in Sfcc. 21CUDI.E RACE, Of 9 pots rivcb, trith 7." sots One milo and a half. J, O. InBlh't b g 3usza, by atocidole— Kit?, i yrs, lOst 71b Xr lugiU 1 J. H. and It. James' b g DavlUhoof, i yr?, nib Scobie 2 W. ITait'a b g Frido,6 ytf, 10«t 41b .. .. Casey 3 Tbe other etnrtera were ATerrymaid, Black Priucc, Stormbird, and iTnrrnmbong. Betting : '6 to 1 v, Buzza and Stormbird, 5 to i others. Stormbird and Murmmbong wore oil' first, and loi over the first hurdle, bnt passing the straight Berils hoof, who wa3 running in a most erratic manuer, maintained the premier place till rounding the turn into the straight, his immediate followers being Pride and Buzza, Mcrryaaid last. Bum led into tho straight, and came in an easy winner by half a length from Devilshoof, Pride was third. Then came Storuabird, Black Priuce, and Murruinbonc. Merry- maid, who pulled up before entering the straight, walked in last. Time, llmin 2scc. GLK.Y 2UNTLV HANDICAP, Of 3 b07b each, with 100 both ndded. Ono milo. J. P-itersoa'a ch g Wizard, by Hercules— Lady. Olifden, 6 years. 8st lib Hughes 1 W. Pearson's bl f Conteselna, 3 yrs, 83t 3!b .. IVwcr 3 J. il'Keuzie's b m Kathleen Jtavoarucon, 5 yrs, 7et 71b .. Smith 3 The other starters were — Josephine, Essex, West- bury, Balthazar, Zephyr, Glycerine, Tantaliaer, Barley Bree, Lnp9tone, i'Africatne, Her Majesty. Betting : 3 to 1 v: Josephine, 6 to 1 v, Contc8inb and Her Majesty, 3 to 1 r. Wizard, 10 to 1 v. West- bury. Josephine and Wizard got the best of tho Btart, Lapstono being the last to get away. Along the back of the course Her Majesty, Glycerine, Wizard, and Kathleen Mavonrueen wero most prominent. Turn ing into the straight Her Majesty fell back, leaving Glycerine in the lead, followed by Wizard, Balthazar, Kathleen Mavourneen, and Josephine, tho others being well up. In the straight wizard took up tbe running and passed the post a little over a couple of lengths in froot of Contessina, Kathleen Mavourneen third, followed by Josephine. L'Africaine fell at the torn into the straight, bnt fortunately did uot injure tbe jockey. Time, Imia 48£sec, STEEt'I.ECHAtjE, Of 2 sova each, with 100 eovs nddml. About two miles. W. Bftiley'a ch g Voultor, 6 yrs, Oat 91b .. Scobie 1 O. GlasFCOCk'a br g Oovernor, ! yri. .. Kildutf 2 tt. Howe's br g StnoHHido, need, y.'L .. .. M'Luod 3 Simpleton, Premier, Pride, Starlight, and Cavalier also started. Betting: to 4 v. Vaulter, 5 to 1 v. Premier and Governor. Governor, Pride, aud Stampede took tho lead shortly after the fall of the Hag, aud negotiated the sod wall in the order named, Starlight, Premier, Simpleton, and Vivul'tcr coming next. In tho straight Pride and Stampede were in front, when the latter struck, and almost came down at the middle fence, the rider being applauded for the splendid recovery he made. Bounding the turn the Governor took second place, followed by Premier, Stampede, Starlight, Vaulter, and Simpleton. At the fence on the hill Starlight Pride, and Premier came to grief, the last two colliding with each other. Pride was remounted quickly and gave chaso. At the back Vaulter began to improve his position, and occupied a good second to Governor as they ap proached the straight, into which tho latter led. Chestnut however soon passed him, and came in an easy winner. Stampede was a good third, Simpicton Fourth, and Cavalier next, Huht,. the rider cf Premier had his leg broken, Timo, linin Jsec. ARMADALE HANDICAP, Of 50 so vs. Fire furlong?. W. Feirmu'a bl f GontCcciua, by Lainpllghtor— Contoaa, 3 y.-a.bot 101b Power 1 H. lioyatcd'd b f Castaway, 3 jts, 7rt Bib.. .. liaghes 2 A. Davics'a ch g Liddington, 3 yrs, 8it 41b — Flanuagau 3 The other starters were Chatterer, Ghost, Squireen, Cassiopeia, Wcstbury, Amelia, Victoria, Prince Begcnt, Ardrigh, Anagram, Sir Charles, Forlorn, Crasar, Yellow Hammer. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Forlorn, G to 1 v. Squireen and Contessina, 8 to i v. Sir Charlea and Liddington. Squireen, Contessina, Castaway. Liddington, and Westbury were in the order named till entering tho straight, when Contessina overtook the leader, and came in an easy winner in front of Castaway and Liddington, after which camo Squireen, Anagram, Sir Charles, and Wcstbury, Time, lmiu fisec. 