(Original rg. All Bights Reserved. VIOLET MAYLAND. Chapter VIL (Continued.) BY FBANX LYNN. "I am afraid it would take all the ghosts in the world to frighten Violet," exclaimed Inez laughing merrily, "but Arthur," she continued, " You had better bring Wilfred here." " Very well. You see Dick, I have to obey orders, don't you ever marry, old fellow, if yon want any peace." " Not I/* laughed Dick, as Sir Arthur left the room with a comical h>ok on his face, which he meant to express disgust at being ordered about. Before long he returned followed by two gentlemen, Major Kay and another, who answered to Lady Knight's description of her cousin, Wilfred Kingslee. While Kay greeted Lady Kinght, Sir Arthur introduced Kingslee to Violet. The liandsome distinguished looking girl evidently created an impression upon Kingslee's susceptible heart, for he scarcely left her side for the rest of the afternoon. With careless happy talk and laughter the hours quickly flew and Wilfred Kingslee proved himself though conceited a well read aud well educated man, with that touch of refinement that travelling always gives to a man, so Violet did not find him at all an unpleasant admirer, though she never thought of him' in the latter sense for a moment. " What is the matter, Inez P" anxiously inquired her husband as he noticed her silent and away from the rest pretending to be admiring some paintings that lay on a small table at the end of the room. " Nothing," she answered in reply, as he came to her side, the others being too deep in their chatter to notice, so he replied. " I know there is sometiiing troubling you P so confess." " It is so stupid," exclaimed Inez, in a low voice " but I wish we had not brought Wilfred to-day, I wish he had never come to our place at all." "WhyP" was the natural question of her husband. " I can't tell, something will happen, I am quite sure, he seems so struck with Violet, and she does not seem to mind it either, I know he won't make her a good Jxjjsband, he is so selfish in every way." " Butdarling it may be only a flirtation, nothingmay happen, so don't worry yourself. ^You* are as bad as Vi. with her fancies." " I know I am, but then I can't forget as she does. But Arthur yon have not told Wilfred about Vi's. being so rich have you ?" " No, I have told him nothing about Vi." " Then please don't-." " I won't then, but if I don't some one else will, he is sure to hear it." " No, I don't think so, Vi. is so quiet that- few know how rich she is, besides she likes people to think her comparatively poor. Why, I can't make out." " No wonder, in these days, when if a woman has anything like a fortune she is persecuted by every needy adventurer that can gain an introduction to her." " What treason are you two talking about?" gayly asked Violet as she approached them, but she added, " I would not disturb you for the world only it is time for Inez and I to dress." " How time goes !" exclaimc^ Sir Arthur, "why the rest have disappeared." " Yes, you were too deep in what seemed a very interesting conversation to notice that the dressing bell rang a few minutes ago.". " Then you had both better fly, for it always takes you an age to rouge yourselves &c.;, and I will amuse my«elf reading and examining these quaint carvings until you are ready for me to escort you into the drawing room." " Very well," laughed his wife, "only don't get into mischief and damage all Violet's things while we are away, she will never forgive you if you do, come Vi." Together they left the room leaving Sir Arthur to his own devices. For a few minutes he wandered around the room examining the carvings, wonder why our ancestors took such a delight in decorating their Toom •-, and yet how soon they deserted them, why I believe these had never been used for ages until Vi. with her strange fancies took possession of them, and drove out the ghosts. I wonder if there are any secret passages in these rooms, I fancy I heard Vi. say once there was some recess and that some of the panels moved aside. Well I will try and findout for myself." So suiting the action to the word he commenced walking again around the room examining the walls closely. For sometime he searched in vain, but at last by dint of pressing every suspicious looking place, lie found the spring and the panel flew back disclosing the recess that Violet had shown to Captain Temple a few days before. With an exclamation of surprise, he stepped into the recess and tried to find a way out, if it led anywhere, but all his endeavors were useless and he was just turning to leave it when the panel sprang back and he was a prisoner, in vain he tried to find a spring with which to reopen the panel, and at last gave it up in despair, and determined to wait patiently until his wile and Violet returned to the room, when he would be able to make them hear his voice, and so set himself in as comfortable ah attitude as possible, but in a few minutes the darkness lulled him to sleep, so that he did not hear his wife or Violet when they returned after dressing. In surprise they gazed around the reom, wondering at Sis absence. "Perhaps he got tired and went to the drawing-room," suggested Violet. " It is very strange," sighed Inez her large dark eyes looking dreadfully startled,but I don't fancy he would go without telling us. However we will see." So saying the two repaired to the drawing-room but Sir Arthur was not there. 1 Oh! Violet," whispered Inez," I; sure something has happened to Arthu What shall I do?" 'Don't worry yourself Ir.cz, he ma be only playing a triok upon us, perliap he will turn up at dinner," said Viole trying to console her friend, " but come, she added, " we will return to my roo and see if he is there now." "No, I think we will stay here,' replied Inez trying to conquer her fears ne may as you say conic in at dinna time." At this minute several of the gentleme appeared and Inez, though with a fain and sinking heart tried to appear he usual self, as only a woman can. How many womeu under a gay laughing face hide a breaking heart, no one may know, for all women are born actresses and none can hide a sorrow as well as they. With Spartan f.jrtitude they bear their grief and only strive to hide it from the world and yet they never receive credit, for their self-denial. Kay as he gayly talked with lues, little guessed tliat every movement made her blood flow swifter and that her ears were strained to catch the slightest sound, aud yet she laughed and chattered so gayly that none could have told what a relief it was to hear the dinner announced and they left the drawing-room for the dining-room. "Where is Sir Arthur?" asked Bob, as he led Inez into the room, " is he here this evening P" 'He came with us, bnt disappeared suddenly and has not come back yet, I wonder where he is f" " Oh I daresay he will come in, in a few minutes when he hears that dinner is served, few men care to lose their dinner," carelesslj' answered Bob. Dinner sped onwards, but no Sir Arthur appeared and soon the wonder became general and every one was speculating on his absence, Inez tried manfully to hide her fears, but Violet Eelt for her, and in a moment the thought of the recess flashed across her mind and between the courses she contrived to pencil on the back of a memo card, " Say that- I am wanted particularly, as soon as possible," and handing it to the servant who waited he left the 100m and in a few seconds returned and announced that Miss Violet was wanted immediately. "Let them wait," roughly exclaimed Bob, as he noticed that Violet rose. " I bad better go," replied Violet as she left- the "room. As soon as the door was elosed behind her, she hastily took a candle from a housemaid who was passing and hurried to the West Wing. " I wonder if he is really there, I could not wait any longer without .seeing, Inez's eyes looked so sad, how fond she is of her husband, but I dared not tell her, it wovld have raised false hopes perhaps," as she spoke she touched the spring and the panel flew back disclosing Sir Arthur leaning against the wall fast asleep. Violet's merry laugh awoke him. "Where? wliatP" he exclaimed in a sleepy tone, startled by the sudden light. "Why, we have been dying with anxiety about you, and all this time you have been hid in the recess. It _ was too bad to frighten us so, dinner is nearly over too." "On my honor I did not do it on purpose, but I found out the recess and was examining it when it flew back and I was a prisoner, for I could not rr-open it, and while I waited for you to return to the room I must have fallen asleep." "Oh how dusty you are," exclaimed Violet viewing his black clothes now turned to grey with horror " but stay," she added, aud away she ran but returned in a few minutes with a clothes brush in her hand, and proceeded to brush him down. " Now you are all right, the dust did not cling very tightly, but don't tell anyone about the recess, say you fell asleep or any other excuse." Anytlung you wish, but why do you not want anyone to know P" " Because Bob would get in a way and have the recess blocked up, he is such a coward and would fancy there was some secret passage connected with it, but now we had better make haste and return to the dining-room for, I expect dinner will be nearly over now." " But how did yon find me ontP" " I only fancied you might be there and came to see." " Well, I am glad to be released," and leaving the room in a few minutes they were in the dining-room. " Why Arthur, where have you been P" exclaimed Inez, with a look of relief as they entered the room. " Why you were such a long time dressing that I fell asslccp and you left the room without me, Miss Violet happened to come into her room and found me." Inez looked up with surprise and was oing to speak when a glance from her fusband showed her that he did not wish to say anything more, so slve turned to Kay and continued the conversation that her husband *s entrance had interrupted. " Well Arthur, you are very complimentary to us all, to fall asleep in this way," cried Wilfred Kingslee, rather impatiently, for Sir Arthur took Hie vacant space between himself and Violet and as at present he could think of nothing else but the bright smile and blue eyes of the latter, it was no wonder that he did not feel pleased. "Very, was it nut P" was the careless answer of Sir Arthur as he turned to make a remark to Violet. Before long Violet gave the signal to Inez to leave the tabic, and in a short time they were sitting .on the sofa in the drawing-room and Inez was eagerly questioning Violet about finding Sir Arthur. " I know there is more behind and that you left the room to findhim, I saw it in your face." Violet told all to her and laughingly said, " I felt sure if he had left the room, he would have told us, but I could not make out where he was at all, until I remembered he said that he was going to examine the carving and then it flashed through my mind that he had found ont the recess and had entered it and not noticing had touched the spring that, closed the panel, and of course, could not find the way to undo it again. How anxious you were Inez I but you tried hard to hide it." "Yes, but I don't think I succeeded well." "Indeed you did, no one but myself would have guessed how much you felt it, but he was quite safe, and your fond heart had its pain for nothing, as so many of UB have in this world, but I am getting gloomy, I think we may as well have some music. Sing me something, what, I can't say this minute. Oh! I know the pretty Zingarie song, Carmen was so fend, of, do you still remember itP" " Yes, quite well, but why dp you ask. for it now P" "I don't know, one of my foncicsv Poor Carmen, how she loved it!" " Yes. and do you remember the first time we heard it, that quaint old JZingaaie,. and our fortunes were toldP" T a he Continued. 