THE SALVATION ABMT AT POST ADELAIDE, TO THE EDLTOB. DEAR SIB—I was considerably surprised and pained to read a letter in the Christum Colonist signed by Christian re the Salvation Army at Port Adelaide. I am not a member of tho Amy, but I frequently visit the Port branch and I have always 6een the service carried out in an orderly and thoroughly Christian spirit, and if occasionally there is an interruptidki from those who are not Christians are they not the very ones these brave, noble Samaritans are trying to reform? I call them Samaritans, because unlike the saintly Levites, they stonp to reclaim and heal from the consequences of an evil life, those whom the Levites of these times would leave to die. They pass by on the other side afraid lest their saintly garments should come in contact with the sevm of society, for whom Christ died. Sir, I am astonished that any one calling themselves by the name of Christian should speak in the scurillous, un-christian like spirit he has, of men and women who in word and deed are devoting their lives in trying to rescue the drunkard, the blasphemer, and the generally profligate from their evil courses. That their efforts are biased, anyone who knows the Port can testify. Men are there who but a few months back were led captive by the devil and his will: what are they now t—sincere humble Christians in the true sense of the word, testifying not only on the platform, but by their every-day life before their neighbors, that they have indeed passed from moral death unto the life of a sincere Christian, through the self-denying efforts of these maligned people. Many a wife, mother, husband, and father, has cause to bless the advent of the Salvation Army in Port Adelaide. What docs "Christian" think of these words of the Master's " Go out quickly in the lanes and streets of the city, and bring in the poor, the maimed, the halt, and the blind." Andtheserrant said, " Lord it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room." And the Lord said unto the servant, " Go out in the highways and hedges and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled." " Christian" says they are acting in a blasphemous manner; what would he think if another day of Pentacost were to come when the Disciples were filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance t The unbelievers then, said thqy were filled with new wine. Now. " Christian" imputes to these earnest believers in God's never-ending mercy and forgiveness through the dear Saviour, extravagance and blasphemy; Let " Christian" read Acts XI, 1st. to 18th versdBprayer/idly, and even he, exalted as he appears to be in his own estimation, may learn a lesson of humility and singleness of heart. And let him remember that for every idle word inen shall speak they Bhall give an (account in the Day of Judgment. Also, our Divine Master, says " I came not to call the righteous, bat sinners to repentance." " Christian" evidently does not enter into St Paul's spirit, when he says " I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some." And God's people whom " Christian" so amiably and delicately tells them are making fools of themselves may take comfort that Paul thought it no discredit to be counted a fool far Christs* sake. May our Father enable " Christian" so to live that at the last he may near the blessed words, 41 Inasmuch as ye hava done it unto one of the least of these my Brethren, Ye have done it onto Me." A BELIEVER IN JEBOS. [We think the subject has been very fully venti. ated already ; but as we make it a rule to allow a ree expression of honest opinion (and our correspondent says he has been shut out front a contemporary) we afford the space.——ED.J 